LAW. SUPREME COURT. INSOLVENCY JURISDICTION. WEDNESDAY, MAY 6TH, 1868. BEFORE His Honor Sir Francis Smith, Knight. J«, re CHARLES STEELE. This was a second sitting for proof of debts. Mr. Allport, on behalf of Mr. Graves, handed in the usual notices, and proved the following debt :-Messrs. Lewis and Co., £80 las. 6d., on a Supremo Court judgment. The insolventen being examined,said this was tho same debt as was inserted in his schedule undor the name of Gaby. A certificate of discharge was granted. Jnrc GEORGE GREEN. Mr. Allport, who appeared for tho insolvent, stated that tho latter had been declared insol- vent on his own potition, aud had since made an arrangement with his creditors which had been accepted. He thereforo applied to have the petition withdrawn. The application was granted. The Court then rose. POLICE COURT. WEDNESDAY, MAY 6th, 1868. BEFORE A. B. Jones, Esq., S. M. PEACE DISTURBERS. - Maria Wilson, who pleaded guilty to disturbing the peace, was fined 20s., or in default a month in tho House of Correction. James Scott and Louis Cousin fined 5s. each, and Mary Ann Bennett 10s., for similar offences. BEFORE the Stipendiary Magistrate, aud Mr. G. Wilson, J.P. A CONDITIONAL THREAT.-Regan v. Fox An information for sureties. Defendant, a boy, was charged by Mr. John Regan, with threaten- ing by the Holy Ghost that if ho had been near him, at the Bonnet Farm, he would run a fork into him. The Stipendiary Magistrate said it was a con- ditional threat, and the boy could not be ordored to bo bound over. His Worship discharged the boy with a caution. ASSAULT.-Price v. Nowlan-This was a charge by Susan Price against Thomas Nowlan for assaulting lier. Mr. Graves for the defence. Complainant proved that last Monday week she was goiug from Hobart Town to the Huon Road, and called at the Fern Tree Inn whero defendant was. A quarrel took place between defendant and some other men, when defendant threw a stone at one of tho men who was behind witness, and the stone struck witness and out her face. Defendant said he would pay the doctor's expenses, but had not done so, and sho had summoned him in expectation that it would have brought lum to book. Mr. Graves submitted that tho caso could go no further. Nowlan had thrown the stone in self défonce, and it unfortunately hit the com- plainant. The Bench concurred, and dismissod tho case. Mr. Graves intimated that the doctor's bill would have been paid, but two guineas, the sum olaimod, was rather too much for curing a black eye. (A laugh). " ON THE SPREE."-Richard Mc'Cabe was ex- amined ou a charge of stealing a horse, cart, and harness (£12), the property of George Henry Elliott. Prosecutor deposed that he left the horse and cart outside his shop in Collins-street on Satur- day about a quarter to 11, and when he wanted to go home the horse and cart were gone. He afterwards saw Constable Goddard bringing the horse and cart with the prisoner down Macquarie street. The prisoner was a stranger to witness, and was wholly unauthorized to take the horse and cart. John Johnson, of the Electric Telograph Hotel, Morrison-street, proved that on Saturday prisoner came to his house having the horse and cart with him. Another man called " Con," a hawker of oysters, was in his company. In the course of conversation prisoner said the horse and cart were his. Afterwards prisoner, accompanied by a soldier, came again, and calling witness on one side asked him to let him have £5 or £10 till next day on his horse and cart, which he declined. Cross-examined : I have known you ten years. Remember you shipping in the whaling barque Isabella. Audrew Sloan, a private soldier in H M 2-14th Regiment, proved that ou Friday prisoner and three or four other men came in a cab to the battery guard to enquire for witness, who had once been in the same town in lreland as pri- soner, who was a stranger to him. As witness was on guard prisoner promised to come for him to the barracks next day to go on a spree, and accordingly he brought the cart to the barracks on Saturday for witness to ride with him. Four women and another man were also in the cart. Witness could not go then, and prisoner said he could not wait, but would drive the girls to the White Swan, and come back. However, prisoner stopped with witness, and the other man drove off with the girls, and subsequently returned with the empty cart. Prisoner said the horse and cart were his own, and he had brought them from the country a week before on the spree. Pusoner wanted to raise some money or drink at the White Swan on the horse and cart (a laugh), but did not succeed. They then went to Mr Johnson's and afterwards to the Cascade Inn, where they met Constable Goddard, who arrested prisoner and took charge of the horse and cart. The evidence of Constable Goddard having been taken, the prisoner was committed for trial. The Court then rose. 