GHOST STORIES. CHAPTER II.—(CONCLUSION). "Let go top-gallant halliards! Brace up the spanker! hard up with the helm!" were orders issued in rapid succession, by the chief mate. He had been carefully watching the threatening clouds to windward, but thought they merely betokened a heavy squall, similar to others that had passed over the ship that night, until a strong squall of wind came hissing over the dark waters, accompanied by a torrent of rain and thunder and lightning. In obedience to the orders of the mate, the crew moved about the decks with unusual activity; but especial care to keep together as much as practicable, and half-a-dozen hands could be seen performing a duty which one or two might have done with ease. Too many hands are sometimes worse than too few at a job on ship-board, and it is common enough to see a crowd of amateurs in a passenger ship, pulling one against another on a rope when volunteering their services to put ship about, or what not. It was partly owing to there being too many men at one post, but perhaps more on account of their peculiar excitement, that in squaring away before the squall the main tack got adrift, and the mainsail began to flap about in a way which threatened to shake the mast out of the ship. The noise awoke the captain who hastened on deck, just as the mate was about to call him. It was some time before the mainsail could be mastered, for the weather clew-garnet was foul; at length the sail was hauled up, but not before it had split, and at the same time made the captain swear. "Take a couple of reefs in the topsails, Mr. Bunt," said the captain. "The weather looks dirty." "Ay, ay, sir! All hands reef topsail," shouted the mate, "Look alive there lads! Let go the halliards, and haul out your reef-tackles." Those orders were promptly obeyed, and on ordinary occasions the crew would have been scrambling up to the yards, but there they stood on the deck gazing at the flapping sails, and not a man offered to move upwards. "Bless those fellows! what are they about?" asked the captain, at the same time he belched out a volley of expletives, for which—as has been before remarked —he was rather notorious. "Up you go, you lazy snobs, and take two reefs in the topsails, or I'll shoot every mother's son of you." "Fire away, sir, if you like," grumbled the boat- swain "but I'll be shot into shreds afore I'll go aloft, till I know who is up there now." "Clap the irons on that mutinous rascal!" roared the captain. But no one stirred to execute that order either; whereupon he grew furious and loudly abused the chief mate, who angrily retorted, and a fight would probably have ensued, had not the second and third mates interposed between the belligerents. "Beg pardon, Captain Chinks," said the sailmaker, humbly approaching the skipper, who was pacing to and fro under the break of the poop, like a caged tiger. "Ax your pardon, sir, but none of us mean to mutiny, not in the least. We believe the devil is up aloft, and we are afraid to face him in the dark. We'll go on to the yards as soon as it is daylight, whatever is up there ; but it ain't reasonable to ax men to go up now, and mayhap be horned overboard afore they know it, or be flown away with holus bolus. Besides, sir"—The rest of the sailmaker's humble speech was drowned in the raving of the infuriated captain, whose voice was heard above the warring of the elements, threatening all sorts of unlawful things. Finding, however, that his crew were as immovable as wooded images, Captain Chinks went into his cabin, loudly cursing all hands on board, including the mysterious hand up aloft. There was no alternative but to run the ship before the wind, with the topsails on the caps, till break of day, although it was sailing nine points off her course. All hands kept the deck, and the three officers paced the poop in low-toned conversation respecting the exciting events of the night, while the captain lay in his cot, sleeping off the exhaustive effects of his wrath. Never perhaps was daylight more eagerly waited for on board of the Jamie Johnson, than it was on that occasion; and when the first grey streaks of morning appeared, all eyes were anxiously turned up- wards to the fore-royal- yard. There was the yard across, with the sail snugly furled, but no person was to be seen on it. The weather had cleared up a bit so the topsails were hoisted again and the ship brought up to her course. By the time that work was accomplished the sun had risen, and the courage of the crew had risen too, for they unanimously ex- pressed their willingness to go aloft either singly or collectively. "You shin up to the royal yard, Grummet," said the chief mate. "Give it a good overhauling, and see if there are any strange paw marks about it; but take care you don't trust the foot-rope; for if old Nick has actually been on it with his red-hot hoofs, it will be pretty well singed through." Away went Mr. Grummet up aloft, anxiously watched by all hands on deck. In about twenty minutes he de- scended to the quarter deck again, and reported that there was nothing to evidence the diabolic nature of the person who had handed the sail. There was not so much as the scratch of a hoof to be seen on the foot-rope, nor was there anything to be smelt, save the common scent of the Stockholm tar and slush. In his opinion it was not the devil who had done that sail up so snugly, and most likely it was the rollick- ing ghost of some unlucky A.A. (able seaman), for the sail was furled up quite shipshape, and Bristol fashion." The crew were piped to breakfast, and a general discussion then took place on Mr. Grummet's hypo- thesis; but not a single man Jack could show a tangible reason why any dead sailor's ghost should furl a royal on board the Jamie Johnson, for the mere fun of the thing; and the unanimous opinion was that the ghost was a fool for doing it without pay, or thanks either. Mr. Grummet meanwhile took his report to the captain, who was just thinking about turning out of his cot. He listened to what the second mate had to say and then brusquely remarked, "that he did not believe it was either a ghost or a devil who had hauled the sail, a ghost couldn't do it, and the devil wouldn't do it, for no body had ever heard of his doing a good turn for a sailor; at any rate it would not be good for the health of midnight prowlers, whoever they were, if he caught any of them in his ship." He further said "that if he heard a man on board utter a single word more about last night's sheavo he would stop his grog for a month." Nothing interesting occurred for the remainder of the voyage, except that the captain had a short swearing fit every fine evening at sundown; for he was obliged to order the royals to be furled, because every man in tbe ship obstinately refused to go an inch higher than the top-gallant yards, after dark. It was still more annoying to the captain as they had a fine weather passage home from the Line, and might have carried skysails all the way. The ship at length ar- rived at London Docks; and three days afterwards a highly sensational story of the Jamie Johnson's ghost, appeared in a popular paper, and was probably copied into scores of other newspapers, for a genuine ghost tale of an awfully thrilling kind is as relishable to a certain class of readers, as a detailed account of a good fire, a wholesale robbery, or a shocking murder. Ail the men were paid off in due course, and they appeared as glad to get away as if the ship were on fire. It is probable that the good ship Jamie John- son would have rotted in dock, before another crew could have been found to take her to sea, had not the mystery of the stranger on the royal-yard been satis- factorily cleared up. The following is an explanation of the matter, which had caused so much excitement and Ioss of time on the voyage. A young man (who had shipped in Sydney as an ordinary seaman), just before he took a final leave of the ship, with the rest of the crew, stepped up to the chief mate, on the quarter-deck, and touching his cap respectfully, said "I want to speak a few words to you, sir, if you please." "Well, say what you have got to say and bear a hand about it, for I am going on shore," replied the mate. "You remember the night the fore-royal was furled, sir?" "Yes to be sure I do, but I don't want to hear any more about that affair; so you can walk off as soon as you like. I suppose it was you who told the yarn to those confounded beggars who put it in the news- papers, and everlastingly damaged the ship for carry- ing passengers, or getting a crew either." "Beg your pardon, sir, I never said a word to the newspaper coves. I think it was the boatswain who told them. But I'm going to explain all about the thing, sir, if you will let me speak." "What do you mean?" "This is it, sir. It was I who furled the sail that night, when you thought a ghost did it." "Don't tell me any of your yarns. Didn't I see you lying on a sea chest, snoring your head half off, when I went into the forecastle to muster the watch?" "Yes you did, sir; but I was only gammoning to be asleep, for I had slipped down on the chest just a minute before you came into the forecastle. I saw you counting the hands who were sleeping in their bunks, and I heard you whisper "mercy 'pon us! the devil is come aboard," as you were going up the scuttle." The mate began to look less sceptical of the man's statement, and told him "to go on with his yarn, but to cut it short." "I'll tell you all about it, sir, and every word of it is true. I was lying on deck that night just abaft the windlass, for it was very warm down below. I was half asleep, when I was roused up by your order to clew up the fore-royal. I forgot that it was my watch below, just for the minute, and thinking I might get a bit of rope's end for napping I ran up the rigging, before the hands on deck had let go the hal- liards. I recollected myself by the time I got up to the cross-trees; but I thought as I was up there I might as well furl up the sail, and perhaps one of the hands in the starboard-watch would do as much for me some time. When the bunt and clews were hauled up, I handed the sail as quickly as I could. I had just made fast the end of the gasket, when I heard you sing out, 'hoy, aloft there!' so I whipped off the yard, and came down to the deck by the top-gallant- backstay. I thought if I said anything about It, the chaps in my watch would think I was cracked in the brain, for doing an extra job like that without being forced to do it, so I got down below quietly, and coiled up on my sea chest, just a minute or two before you came down, sir. I was going to tell you about it the next day, sir; but there was such a hullabaloo in the ship, that I was afraid to open my mouth; for I knew I should get pepper from the captain, and perhaps be hammered flat by some of the hands be- low, for scaring them all; so I never said a single word about it till this minute; and that's all I've got to say now, sir." "Confound your mischievous carcase! It was you who caused all that rumpus, was it? I wish I had known it before, and I would have marked the date on your back, so that you would remember it for a good many voyages to come. I've a good mind to tie you up to the mizen rigging, and give you a couple of dozen now." The young man did not reply to that threat, but his placid look showed that he had no dread of a rope's end just then, for he was in a British port, almost within hail of a British magistrate, and he was con- fident that the laws of the land would protect him. But at the same time he felt a sort of tingling con- sciousness that had he made his disclosure a few weeks earlier, all his right, and privileges as a British subject would not have saved him from a full nautical allowance of stripes from the officers of the Jamie Johnson, and a suplementary contribution of kicks and cuffs from the crew, for keeping them in dread of the devil every night for for nearly two months. Many captains and officers of ships have been an- noyed and inconvenienced, by fears and fancies of their crews; and perhaps the causes, if investigated, would be found as frivolous as that which disturbed the peace of the officers and crew of the Jamie John- son. Though sailors are, as a class, perhaps the bravest men in the world, they are, in general, very superstitious, of which fact I have seen many proofs, and have heard and read of many more. Some few years ago, a ship owned by me, was stranded in a gale of wind, and very narrowly escaped being totally wrecked. At considerable expense and risk, I got her afloat again, though in a shattered con- dition. After putting into the nearest port for repairs the sailors came aft, and threatened to leave the ship altogether unless they were permitted to sleep on shore at night; urging as a reason for the demand, that there was a ghost on board, and they were afraid to stay in the ship after dark. Reasoning and re- monstrances were alike powerless to move them, and all hands went on shore soon after sunset every evening, and returned to their work early next morning. I found that they did not go on shore for the sake of having a spree, for they took up their nightly quarters in a dilapidated house, near to the landing-place, and had far less comfortable lodgings than they would have had in the forecastle of the ship; so it was plain that they really were afraid to stay. The captain and myself stayed on board every night, but we never saw anything to warrant the grim fears of the crew, though we kept a tolerably good look- out, and the conclusion we arrived at was, that some one of the hands, influenced by a spirit of mischief and folly, had played the ghost to frighten his ship- mates. Though I am not such an obstinate disbeliever in ghostly appearences as Captain Chinks was, I must confess that I know very little on the solemnly mys- terious subject; but I very rarely feel disposed to joke about it. I have more disbelief however, than some folks have respecting the visible appearance of the devil; though I cannot doubt that he exerts a terrible power on mankind, of which there are in- numerable saddening proofs, whichever way I look. I am strongly inclined to the belief, that few persons, if any, in the world, are altogether free from his in- fluence, and the highest human wisdom is as ineffi- cient to counteract his subtilties, as water is to extin- guish blazing oil. Millions of poor mortals are at this moment writhing under his powerful rule, and are striving to free themselves, by their own feeble efforts. But they may thus strive till they die in despair, for there is only one way of escape from his thralls; and that is to follow the example of poor Sam Blobb; to pray earnestly for help to Almighty God. He who has commanded us to "resist the devil" will surely give us power to do so, if we ask it believingly; and then, in the conciousness of the protecting presence of Him to whom all powers are subject, we shall be free from dread of being over- come by satanic or ghostly influences of any kind. Darlinghurst. 