TUKF GOSSIP. By Falcon. Mr Thompson's colt, The Duke, was ridden by?J. Bishop, who has since been presented with a . whip. Bishop has long been known hero as a jockey, and has met with fair sab cess. Ho ifc wfln wlin rnrfo 'Rlftir At.hnl in flif memorable Australian St. Leger, when he was defeated by a head only by Fishhook, at the same time beating The Barb and several, others. ' ' ' ! Mr Hobson paid ds a visit last week and; showed us a balance-sheet of his racing lia-j bilities, at the same time assuring us that he: had settled with every one who had any claim ! upon him. Mr Hobson also produced receipts ; from all the larger claimants. Since Mr Hob- ; son has satisfied all calls upon him, he is most unquestionably entitled to demand a settlement from those who are indebted to him. Mr Hobsori's diffi culties date from the 1st of January, and he is not responsible, as some persons suppose, for any bets that might haye been booked on subsequent events ; and those who use this as a set-off against their own losses on the 1st instant are laboring under a great mistake. The subjoined rule will show that Mr Hobson is entitled to receive all bets due to him, an& that the oommifctee of the betting room must support his claims, and cari, if they choose, declare all those : persons defaulters who do not'at once pay up. Rule 18, p. 129, ' Turf Register.' — ' If a declared defaulter does not satisfy the claims of his creditors ?within twelve months, he shall not be entitled to re ceive any debts which may be due to him for the race for which he was in default; but if his debts are paid within the prescribed time, viz., c one year,' th9 committee will support his just claims to receive payment from hia debtors.' No doubt many will pay that which they have hitherto withheld from the . old commissioner so soon as they are satisfied that he has liquidated4his liabilities, and is strictly entitled to receive from them. The law in Sydney as regards doubles and trebles remains unchanged, losers having to pay over the first event if lost. It is, there fore, not surprising that this species of betting should be advanced whenever practicable by the bookmakers. An instance is afforded of this last week prior to the Derby, and which I extract from the Sydney Morning Herald. Nothing could be more opportune for showing how destructive is this description of wagering, for by The Duke's win ning the Derby probably in all the following not one hacker has named the first of any double or treble bet ; indeed, the bookmakers are said to be very heavy winners — sums of from £500 to'/BlSOO are apportioned to some three or four. ' Books were opened and offers made as iollows : — 100 to 1 against naming all the winnera on the Derby Day, Saturday next ; 100 to 3 against naming the winners of the Derby St. Leger Handicap, Derby, and Epsom Handicap ; from 100 to i to 109 to 10, ac cording to the selection wanted, against nam ing the \ winners of the Derby and Metropoli tan ; 1000 ta 5 against naming the. winner ©f the Derby, Metropolitan, and Melbourne Cup ; 1000, to 5 against naming the winners of the Metropolitan, Melbourne Cup, and Port Phillip Stakes ; and 1000 to 10 against naming the winners of the Melbourne Cup, Melbourne Derby^ and Port Phillip Stakes. Double book/i ware also open on the Derby St.. Leger Handicap and Derby; and Derby St. Leger H? jidicap and Metropolitan.' Tha well-known horse Savernake, who was ;oeaten- ahead-only both in the Derby and Leger, has been' sold by Lord Ailesbury to. Count Lehndorf for 3000 sovs for the Prussian Government. From1 his rare breeding and great performances, the Count has shown much discrimination in purchasing this, valuable animal. . ???'??. At a meeting, of the stewards of the Victoria Sacing Club to) consider the nomination of the aiare Patience, it was resolved — ' That whereas f.he mare Patience, entered for the Melbourne Cup,, and not having run previously, has not beem nominated, or as ' pedigree unknown,' in accordance with rule 49 of the general rules of racing adopted by the V.R. C, the same mare Patience is accordingly disqualified from start ng for the Melbourne Cup.' T'oals are now beginning to be dropped in Tjaack succession at Haribyrnong, as the sub oiiued list will show : — Gildermire has a filly o Stockorraer; Chrysolite a filly to Mari bjrvnong ; Lady Heron a filly to Stockowner; Miusidora a filly to Maribyrnong ; Miss Alfred a. filly to Maribyrnong, and Rose do Florence a- «oltto Stockowner. All doing well. The folio sving mares arc to be put to Maribyrnong, and are already on the spot : — Gildermire, Roso of Denmark, Chrysolite, Iris, The Fly (not the one by Fisherman), Princess, Bronzewing, The Bee, Jeannette, Miuy, Nightlight and Romp. Hell's Life in Sydney says :— ' With that ill. luck which has so long attended his stable, his Honor Judge Cheeke was yesterday morn-; ing a serious sufferer by the railway accident at Rtdfern. Hia horses Emerald and The Friar were on their way from Varroville to Sydney, by the- train which arrives at the terminus at 9.30, aaul when the collision occurred, the box in whiciz they were was upsat, and The Friar was veiry seriously injured. He was, however, extrica ted soon from the debris of the horse ' box, an id other carriages ; but it ' was then found that he was cut about a great deal ; and all cbo nces of hia.racing to-day were at an end. How 1 Smerald escaped is next lo a miracle. He wa3UB xler tho fallen carriage for half-an-hour before ie could bo extricated ; but after all lie was-/ 'found not to be hurt so much as The Friar. A* little boy who was with the horses injured hia arm very seriously, and was taken to th iv i afirmary. The Judge has indeed beon unfo rtu nate ; and very much wo regret this ad ditic mii ? misfortune ; coming, too, at a timo ' when the horses were very fit to run, and The Friar was looked upon as having a good outside chance for the Derby. As we have told in another column, the acoident occurred from the worst exhibition of carelessness and recklessness that it has been our lot to record in the whole of our recollection ; and the strictest inquiry is neoessary to, cause an; effectual weeding of a department whose mis management.; has: become a by- word' in the mouths of all who use the lines, whether in town or country,' . , The . Navarre Spring Meeting was held; oh the 3rd insfc. Sf-.e wards: Messrs. Bnist. Atj pelt, Bilton, Ormston and JSradshaw. Judge : Mr J. RrRostrori. Starter : Mr W. S. Be veridge. Clerk of the Course : Mr W. Appelt. Treasurer : Mr J. Sutherland. Hqn. Sec. : Mr W. H. Pnddicombe. The first race was the Maiden Plate, of 10 sovs, one mile and a-half, one event ; entrance, 1 sov ; weight for age. Mr Sanderson's c g- Yellow Jack beat Mr Beveridge's g g Tattoo, and Mr Poulson's g m Alice Gray. Open Handicap, of 20 sovs, two miles, ene event ; entrance, 2 sovs. Mr Poul son's c m Moss Rose, 8 at 10 lb, beat Mr San derson's b h Aggravator, 8 st 10 lb. Welter Race, of 10 sovs, one mile and . a-half, one event ; entrance,- 1 sov ; weight not'less than eleven stone.. Mr Sanderson's b g Eaglehawk beat Mr Poulson's b g : Knight of the Glen. Consolation' Stakesj of 7 sovs, one. mile arid a-half, one event ; entrance, 10a. Mr San derson's b h Aggravator beat Mr Poulson's bl g Knight of the Glen. Hack Race ; entrance ;10b; mile heats. ? Mr-Beveridge's -Tattoo beat ' Mr Sanderson's Exile's Ghost, Mr Dodd's Othello, Mr Byrne's Brunette and Mr Ba veridge's Mandarin. ,. . ? 