BRISBAFE. (FROM OUs OrWN COiI's:SPONDEuNT.) Friday evening. Thie weerk before last I Ientiolneld ihatll a question had berc raised in tile Suprelos Court, in Chsombers, betfre the Chief Judice, as to nwhere the A.S.. Conl prne should be sor-ed witllh a writ i a civil ection against ihem. An aliplijation was nmnde by Mr. illyv. in nho ease of Patterso-n v. the A.S.N'. Company, to set aside Ihe writ, beaouse it wais servedon tte scererlry its lydnes. 1fit lIronr, oi Wednesdly, dscisedll ethlt, as the Ant of trie CossrmPrny rsquired service to be uads on thie secrelary, nd as thlu agent bohere was not a clerk iln thie ntuae ofa swcrctryr Iste service which iad beell mnade was quite correct. T?he decisioll was, theilrefo r, agirinst the Comnpany. A story, whibls I belie?e is quite true, is told of the count.erf-it Countt Von Attessa, whlich goes a liille way3 in itself to show hie was ar impostor. TlleCount Ihonoured a ball givern hiere lduring hiis visit with hIis pressene, and lamenuled, with a mnost lugubrious countenance, to a lsdy tllat hie was put about for a lack of funds--not, hioamever, illat hIe wuantled thie lldy to lend himi any, but by way of braggadocio. " ' y dear mandadu, I Ceat assure you zuat I hare only got six eoua:nld lolnrds to last me for a ron fortnightl , and I redl qull miserable." lie paid thie owllnter of the " Ifaimlet's Ghost" for the yacht, but I amn afraid got the monsey, on tIle strcngth of certain papers, from urother ]jrisbane gentleoman. The count was very pirofuse wilh "his" mIsney both hiere and on thie way firom Sydney, and "shouted" rhlamrpuagne inr thire most ex uravagalnt rlanrner. ie took awa with him as cap tuin of Itis yacht Mr. Ianullyn, late of tie Q.S.N. Co.'s servire, but they fell out at Rocklhamsuton nnd separated. A young gentlemian threw up his situation ir the Customt House to go wilhl theo collsnt, but he also left Ihe yncht at Rockhnnamplon, and is either back or on hIis ?any back. Thlere is very little doubt that sre salnl lheiar of the' Ghost" beforo she gets to Bata via, snupposing that to be hlier destination ; for sie is a gimersck craft, and it is unlikely tihe new owner would care to go far from larnd in her. Tire reception of the new Governor may very truth fully be called a quiet or oven tlaoe allffair. A large numbcr of people crowded round tile lnding-plice to see himt step ashore, anrd a coisiderable number thronged the public hall in Government Hiouse, but tile motive seeald almost solely to be toget a glilnpse of otne who was a stranger to Overy one of the people hie ?usa about tn become Governor of; for there was very little cheering of a hearty description. 'Lhe steamer Lady Young arrivedoff tile A.S.N. Co.'s nwhatf at 7 o'clock in the morninsg, when thie Gorverrnment steamer Kate rail alongside and took ttle new Oovernor oii board, wsecr ie was tret by Colonel O'Counnell and tile lelsbers of tile Ministry. Tile Kalte then steamed doon to lh'esktisst Creek, there to wait until about the houl for hris Excelleicy's public elltry arrived. She rounded Klangaroo Point on tihe iway back at about 20 minutes pal st 10 o'clock, and amie alongside the landing-stbLag (t10 s8ae0 as tlat erected fir I.R.l., trie D)uke of Edinburghl) five or thn iminutesa lerwards.'o A soon s his Ex itcellency Letlels ashioro,tthe Voluonteer Arlillery, No. 1Bal toreer, cotiruar ded by Lieula:naut leolou or, commenced firinig the royal salute. Colonell loekalil was received otn l.indilg, rby time Anlilg-Pl'esident of tile Legislative nourrcil, tie Speakoer of thet Assembly, arnd orlter iliembers of these Hiouses of larliamenlt, slle Clhief Jus tice, oid Mr. Judge Lutwyche, lSieloir Quiso, clergy Ireu o varliouns dsttnolini:tions, the heaids of the public deolartlnoLts, alid thie ililyor and shliCrmets, who pre slsted iilrn with tihe follossing aldLre?s: " To ilis ExIelleoney Colonel Samuel V. Blaekall, Governor of Quoeelsland, &c.; " ayiv itplease your Excellonoy, " We, the Mutor and Aldermon of the city of Brisbane, for ourselves arid onll beilalfof the citisens, hIeartily wlcolre your Jxcellscy to the metropolis of the colony of Qleerllsland. " ler llajenrly, our beloved Queen, having been graciously pleased to appoint your E?xcellcncy Go vernor of this colony is n sulliient guarantee to us (heIr loyal subjects) tlat the general prayers and illtelesis of tIle people will receive your Excellesley's earnest attentiol, and nltiltle you to the grutel'ful acktnowledgmentsrl of a co.lmunity who appreciate those great attributes of a ruler,justice and truth. " That your Excellncy may enjoy health and happiuessiC during your Iesidonce in this fertile and richly gifted land, is tlie sincere prayer of your Excelloney's most obedicent and huanibl servants. "? So. ?lAeUGRsVEs, ?Bte.o'r. - (Signed also by the Aldermen and thie Town Clerk.) Hii Exeellerley (who, I should state, was acotos paollied by ]lis Aide-de-Camp and Plrivate Secretary) briefly tlsanked the Mayor for the address; and the gentlemens on the landing- stage gave him three cheers. Io tlhen walked towards the carriage provided for him, thire bnnd playing thie Nationid Anthiem, and toe detanchment of the 50th lirgt., under Captain hiden, and Ensign BloomfiGold, who conatitated the guard of hIonour, piresented arms. An lls Excellency passed under tihe arch, a simiple structure, dressed out witll crergreeus from the Botanic Gorden, anrd bearing the words "Welcome to Queensoland," thie crowd of spectators who had assenmbled on tihe river bank gave thlree miore cheers. Iaving entered hiis carriage, pre cederld by a body of mounted police, under lIsspoctor Lewis, rand followed by sarringes containing Colonel O'Onilell, tile Miinisters, &e.;, hIe Ilrocooded at a walk itg pace to Governmetti-house, by thIe shortest route. Tile Ipswich Baitory of Artillery, under Captain Jetter, and tile thren Voluoteer Riftle Colrpe,-N?o. 1 under Lieutenant Itucdunnell, No. 2 under Captain HIodgson, and No. 4 under Captainr Fowles-wero drawn up on eachl side of tile carriage drive, all tse wray from thie entrance to the grounds to Government IloLse, as a guard of ionour, thie tan beitig about two yards apart; and lthey presented arms as the Governor's carriage wert by. On Iris arrival at Govcrnsmnt liouse thie Ipswichl Volunteer band iplayed thie Noational lAnthem. Seoeral hundred persons availed tihelselves of the privilege of fillowilg ithe pIrocession to the principal entrance,and most of them entlered tlle hall where the swearing-in creelsoony was performed, crowding it to xcaess. Tile columission was tiles read by thie Clerk of lthe Eaxe cutive Counceil. The eslomanry ontllse were then ad sliisterd by hIis Honor Chief Justic Cockle. At the conclusios of this ceremony, nwhic did not occupy mnuch tilne, alotlier salute was fired, and Col. Bilackull delivered a shlort speech, in bwhich hIe ex pressed his th3iks for thie welcones ho had received, and said lie hoped as they becamle beltter nequnilLted irthey woult like him better. it alnso iintimated tllat lie would hold a leve slshnrly. Cheers then fotllowed fr thie new Governor, Colonel and lIrs. O'CoIneIll, the Queen, Prikes Alfred, and the rest of the royal fanr ily. Colonel O'Connell neat made a short speech lothe offect that he felt hie ad resig~ned the governlent which he had tenmporarily held into very safe hands, and hie re-echoed the hope cxp lresscd by the new Go vernor. blore cheering followed, and then the spec tators withdrew. Colonla Blackall presented hlimself for a few minutes on the balcony, while te Band of Dope children sung a vers of thIe National Anthem. After this the people gradually leftL the grounds, and the proceedings terminuted. The day has been kept as a close holiday; the buildiegs in thie principal street wero throughout the dsay decorated withll flags ; seed the city wore very much the aspect it did when the Prine'it eamer, though there were not nearly so many people nbout. Colonel Blsckeill is an elderly gentleman, wearing a groy beard. He is of the middle height, and was plainly dressed. So faras one could judge he seemed pleased with his reception, though it was not a very warm one. The display, on tie part of tie Volunteers was highly creditable---tlhant is in numbers-for they did unotbhing beyond marchring to the grounds around Ooveorment HIouse and there presenting arms when the Governor passed. The numaber of Veolunteeres, including bands, mnst bove ben about three lhun dred men; and, with the exceprion of the 1risbaeo Artillery Corlls, who fired t.he ealues, thie snveral coiipanieli were under Ithe romlninmd of Ltioutmllont M'Gregor of the 50Lth Regiment. There were threo bmrmds out, riz., No. I Compalny'e bnas tIntd, tho r fo nad drum banid, and lthe Il?psichi Arillry band. Theo nurmber of hlo specrtaors of the d.m)'s proceed ings may. be set down ut threr thlmous:nd. 