VALEDICTORY MEETING TO THE REV. JOHN WATSFORD. A farewell meeting to the Rev. ,1'olm Wats fonl was held in the Pivie-streefc Church on Monday evening, April.(5. Despite the extreme inclemency of the weather, the attendance was very large, ami Mr. J. B. flack presided. After the customary singing anil prayer, The CHArnuAN appropriately introduced the hnsiupas of the evening, and in the course of his remarks" referred to the great work which .Mr. Watsford, during his residence in tlie colony by the providence of God, had been in strumental in effecting, and complimented him upon the manly manner in which he had de nounced Popery. ' The Be.v.Mr. WatsfobP then gave a brief resume his lecture on "Six years in South Australia, and what 1 think of it." After Home prefatory sentences he proceeded to point out that lio was well acquainted with South Australia, having travelled from Mount Gain bier on the one hand to Port Lincoln on the other. He did not, however,, give that lecture as the representative of the Wesleyan body, but as his personal opinions, founded upon somewhat extensive observation.- He then treated upon the poor man's chances of success in South Australia, the character of the metropolis, the climate, and the morals of the people. In speaking of the press, he ob served that since the previous delivery of that lecture, he had been frequently attacked, and his lecture brought again and again befoie the public, but when any respectable and intelligent portion of the press descended to personal attack and ridicule, he had nothing more to say. (Applause.) "With regard to politics and po'iticiana, he thought religious men ought not to shrink at going into Parliament, and he held that every Christian man should record his vote. He disapproved of religious men getting into the political squabbles which were so commoD, but at the same time he contended that they should honestly and fairly record their votes, and not permit a few to send in whom they chose to Parliament. (Applause.) As regarded the Churches, he regretted his re marks had occasioned so much ill-feeling, for he could assure them what he said he had given expression to with the greatest possible kind liness and charity. He had been in the world long enough to know that those who lived in glass houses not uncommonly were m the habit of throwing stones, but in the event of a pebble being returned, they at once made a great cry. The Church with which he was con nected was so often the subject of unfavorable criticism, that they had become quite accus tomed to it. (Applause.) He had fully, he observed, determined to make the statements he did respecting their Baptist, friends and the Roman Catholic Church. He strongly censured those persons who would have them "with bated breath and whispeiings low" speak of Popery. (Applause.) What he said at North Adelaide, when speaking of their Independent friends, was, that . he respected their ministers; that whilst their organization failed to reach sparsely populated dis tricts, it did well in centres of popu lations ; and that he hoped rationalism would not creep into their Church here. He was sure any of their ministers would agree with him that it had taiuted some of their ministers in England, and he was certain no one would find fault with him fou expressing such a kindly hope. (Applause.) In alluding to the Baptists, he recapitulated his previous observations, remarking that he should ever stick up for the old Bible as they now pos sessed it. (Applause.) He' repudiated the assertion that the Baptist version emanated from the Christians of America generally, and asked how Wesleyans could be ex pected to encourage the circulation of a version which, amongst other enormities, rendered the verse, "In those days came John the Baptist preaohing in the wilderness," into "In those days came John the Iinmerser preaching in the wilderness." The Baptist version in comparison with the authorised version was as milk and water. (Applause.)' A good deal had been said about .a creed standing between them as Methodists aud the Bible. By a creed he un derstood settled views respecting religion, and if some x^eople had not such views he could not help it. (A laugh and hear, hear.) They believed there was one God, and they never expected to find in the Bible that there were twenty. They believed that Christ died for all men, and they did not expect to find that he only died for some. (Applause.) Roference was then made to his connection with the Pirie-street Church, aud subsequently with the Archer-street, and to the fact that during the past six years the members of the Wesleyau Church had been augmented to the extent of 2,000. In conclusion he requested their prayers occasionally on his behalf, and if he had done anything to grieve anybody when he should not have done so, he hoped they would forgive and forget it, and he prayed that they and he might meet at His right hand above. The rev. gentle man sat down amid much applause. The Rev. J. G. Millard briefly addressed the meeting, expressing, as the representative of the ministers, their most hearty and cordial thanks to the Rev. Mr. "VVatsford for the service he had rendered the Wesleyan cause in this colony. He alluded to his long acquaintance with Mr. Watsford, aud his many excellent qualities. He possessed -the : power of winning sonls, and when he said that he gave utterance to the highest praise that' could be spoken of a Minister. (Applause.) At the last district meeting every effort was made to retain Mr. Watsford, but they had been ineffectual, andhewasnowaboutleaving. He was convinced, however, that he would be the means of accomplishing great good in the field of labor to which he was proceeding. The Eev. Henry Bath followed, and in a few excellent remarks alluded to the many great advantages which, he had derived from au acquaintance with the Eev. Mr. Watsford, wko_ he said had been to him in reality a Christian bishop. He asserted that Mr. Wats ford's name was loved in the oountry, and that he would be ever held in fond remem brance by many. He earnestly hoped that he would fill the position in Ballarat which he was about to occupy as well as he had fulfilled the duties appertaining to the office of District Chairman. (Applaues.) Mr. John Colton, in a laudatory and suit able speech, presented the Eev. Mr. Watsford with an addre33 and a testimonial consisting of £120, whioh was contained in a purse beau tifully worked in beads by alady, andbearingthe rev. gentleman's initials. He (Mr. Colton) also announced that—"The Book Committee have directed the Secretary to obtain Dr. W. Smith's 'Dictionary of the Bible,' in 3 vols., and the ' Classical Dictionary,' compiled from the six larger volumes of antiqvuties, all uniformly half-boun J, and present tlje same to the Eev. Jno. Watsford, in each volume of which the following is to be inscribed: — 'Pre sented to the Eev. John Watsford, by the Committee of the Wesleyan Book Depot, Adelaide, as a token of their appreciation of his valuable an(l disinterested services as Book Steward, since the formation of the Book Depot.—G. W. Cotton, Secretary. By order and on behalf of the Committee." Mr. Colton intimated that it was anticipated the books would cost from £8 to £10, but they were an exceedingly poor recognition of Mr. Watsford's very valuable services. (Applause.) The following is a copy of the address :— " To the Eev. John Watsford, Chairman of the South Australian District of the Wesleyan Methodist Church in Australasia. "Eeverend and Dear Sir—Now that it has fallen to you, by the appointment of Conference, to leave this colony after' a residence of six years, during the whole of which time you, have held the office of Chairman of this district, we, on behalf of the Wesleyan Methodist Church in this colony, desire to present to you a few parting words. In reviewing the past we remember how on your first arrival among us the Great Master poured forth His spirit and many souls were Drought to Himself in the place where we are now assembled, as well as throughout • the circuit _ and district; how you engaged the attention and arrested the sympathies of the young and the enquiring, and founded one of the most flourishing Young Men's Associations for mutual improvement that has ever been raised up in this colony, and by attractive and instructive lectures, Sustained the interest first awakened; whilst theselectures, which have cost you so much time and labor to prepare, have been gratuitously and cheerfully given to aid the funds of any of our societies throughout the colony, and up to this day you have in various ways bronght into operation the maxim so long acknowledged, that in the Methodist Church there, is work for every maii, and every man for his work—a truth that never failed to ensure sucoess. Nor can we ever forget bow you sought to perfect and bring to a practical result the long-entertained desire of South Aus tralian Methodists for a' College second to none in the colonies, for the purpose of imparting a. sound education in connection with our own denominational views, till the first stage of the College buildings hns been com pleted, and the date of opening the Collegiate School fixed; moreover, with the same object of religious and social eulightennient, assisted by the cordial co-opera tion of our ministers and many of our leading members, you have suc ceeded in establishing a Book-room and a magazine, thus affording easier access to the IVesleyaii literature of tho fatherland, and a medium for the interchange of thought within our own border. "But while conducting all these arduous un dertakings, and caring for the general welfare of the Church of which you had the oversight, you have never for a moment lost sight of the special work of the ministry to save souls from death, so | that your own naturally robust health has more than once been endangered, and the Church has had to pray you to forget for a moment the urgency of the present that you might be spared for work in the future. As a small token of our esteem we now beg your acceptance of a testimonial gift of £120 subscribed by friends residing in various parts of the district, who in this way wish to show their appreciation of your valuable laborswhile amongst us. " "\Ve now, in. tho name of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, meet you probably for tie last time in this house of God, where we have so often together realised His presenoe, and unitedly join in fervent prayers to Him for His richest blessing upon ydiSgalf, Mrs. "Watsford, and family, and that wamng in the light, of God's countenance you may continue to turn many to righteousness, and thus by a divinely appointed consequence 'shine as the Btars for ever, and ever' in that Heaven to which for the sake of our Great Redeemer we all hope to attain and to be for ever with the Lord. On behalf of this Wesleyau Methodist Church in this colony. " We are, Eev. and Dear Sir, " Youra faithfully and affectionately." [Here followed the naniea of the Committee.] The Eev. Mr. Watsford, on rising to reply, was greeted with loud and prolonged applause. He said he really did not know how to reply to the address. He heartily thanked them for their kindness in all this. When he came to the colony he came determined to try and save the souls of the people, and he believed he had been constantly working to attain that end. (Ap plause.) Yet he had had to do with the forma tion of Young Men's Associations, and. he was confident they had conduced to the great object he had in view. In going into the College affair, he believed it would be instrumental m giving their young men education, thereby pro perly qualifying them for the work of the ministry and of saving souls. (Applause.) He had felt deeply interested in the book depot, for he had been anxious that suitable literature might be obtainable for their Sunday-schools and their members. He rejoiced in the fact that the depot _ had been a great success - (applause) —and he was persuaded the college movement would be equally so. (Hear, hear.) He was sure from past experience—for it was easily dis cernible—that God was with their Church, and if God were for them and with them who could be against them? (Applause.) He had great faith in this, and held that they had not only to preach the Gospel but to look for the power of the Holy Ghost, and while they did that they were certain to receive the blessing of God It was their duty to co-operate with Him in beseeching men that they receive not the grace of God in vain, and in doing so they would most undoubtedly receive the • divine approbation and blessing. (Applause.) He again thanked them for the address which they had given him, and the purse of money, which would prove very useful just now, for he did not leave South Australia by any means a rich man. In their kindness he recogni ed the goodness of his Heavenly Father. He was going to Ballarat, and he was satisfied he would not be there long before he would be a tho- . roughly Ballarat man, and completely iden tified with its interests. (Applause.) He could without fear of contradiction say that during his residence in this colony he had on-' deavored to act honestly with every man, and had never made any difference between his respect for the gentleman and the poor man. (Hear, hear, and applause.) He assured them he should remember them till life closed, and his prayer was that God would bless them all and save them for ever. (Continued applause.) Mr. Jas. Scott, in complimentary terms, proposed " That the thanks of this meetiug be given to the Eev. Mr. "Wataford for his very excoUent lecture." Mr. J. D. Hat seconded, and bore testimony to Mr, Watsford's great merit as a lecturer. Mr. "War. King supported the proposition, and referred in eloquent words to the good which Mr. Wataford had done in the establishment of a Working Men's Associa tion in North Adelaide. In the course of his remarks, he took occasion to wish Mr. Wats ford success, equal to that which had attended him in this province. (Applause.) The Eev. Mr. Watsford returned thanks, and remarked that his lecture on "Courtship and Matriage" alqno had been the means of raising £5flQ. On the motion of Mr. £. Eoach, seconded by Mr. Ehodes, the usual compliment'was accorded to the Chairman, after which the pro ceedings closed with the singing of the doxology and pronouncing of the benediction. 