FUNEEAL OF THE REV. JOHN HE ALE Y BKOMBY, MA. On Monday morning the remains of the Sev. John Healey 13romby, M.A., ex-vicar of the Holy Trinity Ohurcli. «n ! at the time of his death, Master of the Charter House, were buried by the side of his kinsfolk in the churchyard at Ferriby. The proceedings were invested with considerably more than ordinary interest and importance. The large numbers—nay the thousands of our townspeople—who on Monday con-, gregated in all the streets to which the mourn :ul procession.had to pass, and the symbol of regret exhibited by the partial closing of the places of business—of Churchmen and Dissenters alike— testified how real waB the respect entertained for the aged patriarch. There are individuals still living amongst" us, though necessarily fast approaching the " three-score and ten" years allotted to man for sojourn here, who can bear witness to the kindness, geniality, and upright conduct of the deceased gentleman; and those of his old parishioners who took part in the sorrowful proceedings of Monday were deeply affected. The deceased at the time of his death resided in Charter House-lane, and although no special announcement of an intended funeral display was made, by which it might have been expected t} ; 45 the people could have be drawn from their homes, yet spontaneously the inhabitants left their places of business, at the busiest time «f the day, and lined the route of the cor tege. At a quarter past ten o'clock, the coffin (which was made by Messrs. Witty and Son), of poished oak. with massive brass furnishings, was removed into the hearse. The lid bcre a brass plate, with the following inscription :— " Eeveirend John Heaiey Beombz, M.A., Died 25th March, 1868, Aged 97 years.' 1 ~ The procession, with some little difficulty (owing to the large concourse of people), made its way out of Charter House- lane, into Bournestreet, and proceeded into Hessle-road. by way of Charlottf- street, George-street, Saville-street, Waterworks street, Chariot-street, Carr-lane, Midland-street, and Porter-street- The cortege was followed by the children belonging to the Hamber-street-Schools and many other persons until the outskirts of the town were reached, when a last look was taken of the hearse, containing the body of the Bev- Vicar Bromby (as he was generally called), and the spectators returned to their homes. The police arrangements were under the superintendence of the chief-constable (Mr. Cook) and Mr. Inspector Grace, and were effectually carried ont. : - THE PROCESSION . consisted of Tke Undertaker—Mr. Alderman Witty, and the Coach Proprietor—Mr. Smithson. • THJt HEARSE, : ' containing the body, drawn by Two Caparisoned Horses. 1 . . FIBST MOtlaSTKG COiCK. The; Bev. Christopher Bromby, Mrs., Johnson, Mr. Emest Bromby, and Miss Bromby. SECOND COACH. The Bev. Joshua Tfaltliam, Mrs. Waltbam, Mr. E. S. Wilson, and Miss Emily Bromby. THIRD COACH. Mr. Edward Bromby, Miss Waltliam, Mr. Charles Bromby, and Miss Edith Waltham. FOURTH COACH. Mr. Johnson, Miss Lucy Waltliam, Mr. Richard Waltham, and Miss Catherine Waltham. FIFTH COACH. Mr. Edward Waltham, Miss Hollingswarth, Mr. Edward Wilson, and Miss Maria Holiingsworth. SIXTH COACH. The Eev. Canon Brooke, the Bev. H. W. Kemp, and the Bev. John Scott. SEVENTH COACH. Sir Henty Cooper, Kt., M.D.; Mr. W. B. Carrick, J.P.; Mr. Councillor Brvson (Sheriff of Hull); and Mr. Bobert Wells (Town Clerk). EIGHTH COACH. Mr. Alderman Gresham, Mr. Alderman Bannister, and Mr. Alderman Fountain (advisers to the Master of the Charter House). The procession included a number of private carriages, amongst which were those of Mr- E S- Wilson, Lieut.-Col Pease, the Hull Dock Company, Major Bannister. Mr. J. Simpson, Mr. W. E. King, the Sheriff of Hull, Mr. J. Lumsden, J.P., Mr. Ringrose, &c; , &c.; On arrival at Bessie the pace of the procession was slackened, and the same outward mark of respect was there manifested, the window blinds in most of the houses being lowered. At ten minutes to twelve Ferriby was reached, and when nearing the village church it became manifest that considerable difficulty would ari-e in gaining admission to the sacred edifice, in consequence of the large number of person-? who had been conveyed lrom Hull to Ferriby in a special train, consisting of eighteen carriages, which had been put on through the courtesy of Mr. Smirb, the passenger superintendent of the North Eastern Railway (Hull section). The coffin was at once placed on a bier, and then commenced the last solemn rite of the funeral obsequies. The introduction to the funeral service of the Ghurch of England was read by the Rev the Curate of Ferrib3\ and as the mourners neared the porch the tones of that imposing composition, the " Dead March," in Said, which was being performed on the organ, were heard. The lessons iu the church were impressively read by the Kev. H.W. Kemp, after which the body was conveyed to the family vault, situated at the north-east end of the church, where lies the remains of the deceased's partner in life, and the Rev. Frederic Bromby, third son of the deceased, whom most of our readers will remember. Here the conclading portion of the burial service was read by the Bev. Canon Brooke, and the cboir of Holy i'rinity Church (unrobed) sang the sublime chorale, by Mendelssohn, " To thee, O Lord, I yield my spirit." A last look was then taken at the grave and its contents, and the mourners withdrew to give place to those persons who bad assembled, many of whom the deceased, when in charge of the parish, had baptised and carried. Mrs E. S. Wilson, daughter of deceased, joined the mourners at the church. During the day a dumb peal was wrung on the bells of the ancient parish church, and on passing the different churches along the route to Ferriby the death-bell was tolled. The corpBe was followed by a long procession of clergy and laity, including the whole of the principal officials of the town. On the Sunday morning following, a funeral sermon on the lamented death of the late venerable and venerated ex-vicar was preached by the Bev. Canon Brooke to a numerous congregation. The pulpit, the lectern, and the reading stall were draped with black cloth, in memory of the deceased rev. gentleman. The music was suited to the solemn occasion. Mr. Craddock, of St.. John's Church, Paddington. London, (one of the candidates for the office of organist, rendered vacant through the lamented demise of the late Mr. G. J. Skslton), played the noble instrument of which that church boasts in a most admirable skilful, and impressive manner. The following was the selection of music—Venite, single chant, Battershall; 29th Psalm, Dr. Elvey; Te Brum, and Jubilate, Skelton ; anthem, " To thee, O ! Lord," from St. Paul; Mendelsshon; Kyrie, Barnby; Gloria, Skelton; creed ; hymn, " When our heads are bowed with woe," Bedhead. Mr. Craddock played the Dead March in Saul in a most masterly manner. The lessons were read by the Vicar, and the litany by the Eev. G. Ohlson. The Vicar selected as his text the 29th verse of the 36th. chapter of the book of Genesis —" And Isaac gave up the ghost and died, and was gathered unto his people, being old and full of days; and his sons Esau aud Jacob buried him." [The above account of the funeral of the father of our respected Bishop is condensed from the Hull Packet and East Riding Times of the 3rd ApriL— ED. T.T. A hill to reduce the salary of the Governor- -General of Canada from 50,000 dollars to 32,000 dollar's per annum has passed its second reading in the Canadian House of Commons, 