FARMERS' CLUB. - The usual monthly meeting of the Mount Gambier Fanners' Club will take place this (Wednesday) after noon at the German Club Hall, Ferrers street, at 3 o'clock p.m., and a meeting of the Committee of the Agricultural and Horti cultural Society will be held in the same place at 4 p.m. POLLING.-The polling for two members to represent the electoral district of Victoria in the new Parliament -will take place to morrow, Thursday, 7th inst., commencing at nine o'clock a.m., and closing at four o'clock p.m. Mr W. H. Harralcl is the Deputy Returning Officer for this district. The polling takes place in the 0. and F. Hall. SCHAFFER THE TRAVELLER.-The report that Schaffer was found drowned in the Yarra was incorrect. It was another person of the same name. EXPORT OF WHEAT.-During the week ended April 25, 440 qrs. of wheat were ex ported from Port MacDonnell: DISTRICT EXPORTS.-During the quarter ended March 31, the exports from South Eastern ports were as follows Port Robe Bark, 4 tons 16 0 0. Skins and hides ... ... 1,278 10 0 Tallow, 1,786'cwt. ... ... 2,479 0 0 Wool (3,369 bales), 981,900 lbs.67,380 0 0 Port MacDonnell Corn-Wheat, 371 qrs. ... 977 0 0 Leather, 43 cwt. . ... ,270 0 0 Skins and hides ... ... 199 0 0 Tallow, 40 cwt 60 0 0 Wool, 886,725 lbs. .49,128 0 0 Port Caroline Wool (568 bales) 215,725 lbs. 9,746 0 . 0 Total , £111,523 10 0 The total exports of the colony were £852,619. It will be seen that the exports of Port MacDonnell are considerably under the average in consequence of our surplus wheat being bought on Adelaide, instead of intercolonial account, this year. BAPTIST CHURCH BUILDING FUND.-We learn that Mr Henry Kent Hughes has pro mised a donation of £5 to the Baptist Church Building Fund. ROBE.-A proclamation altering the day for holding the Local Courts of Full and Limited Jurisdiction at Robe from the first Thursday to the first Wednesday in every month, appears in last Thursday's Gazette. UNCLAIMED LETTERS.-The following letters await claimants at the General Post Office, AdelaideBrown, G. B., cabinetmaker, Mount Gambier; Degnum, Thomas, Mount Gambier; -Edwards, Mary Ann, Mouitf Gam bier ; Gibson, _ Richard McQueen, Mount Gambier; Gorrie, Mrs James, Gambierton; I-Ianasy, W., M ount Gambier; Jones, Wil liam, Penola; Larkin, James, Mount Gam bier ; Moss, M. J., Robe; MacLeod, John fof Stornoway) IsTarracoorte; Parsons, George, Mount Gambier; Robinson, John, boiling down establishment, Guicben Bay; Schand rett, Joseph, Mount Gambier; Schrat, Charles, Mount Gambier; Simcoe, Mr,tailor, Penola; Stephenson, Mrs, Mount - Gambier ; Thotnp^ son, William, Mount Gambier. PENOLA.-Wo learn that while a waggon heavily laden "with stores for Mr A. Mc Keand, Penola, was crossing the Glenelg last week, it upset, and property to the value of about £150 was totally destroyed by the water. THE WEATHER.-The weather which has lately been bright and warm by day with sharp frost at night, now betokens a change; and it is hoped ic will eventuate in a good downfall of rain. THE BENCH OF MAGISTRATES.-We have received from Mr David Sutherland another letter explanatory of recent reports relative to the Behch of Magistrates here, but as we deem that already published sufficient, we withhold it" now, especially as it contains statements relative to matters which may yet have to be investigated. ^INSTITUTE COMMITTEE.-Present, Messrs. Derrington (in the chair), Peel, McGregor, Watson, Goss, Pannell, Denovan, Allchin, Doughty, and Harris.. The Secretary re Dorted having written to the different Mel Journe and Adelaide Houses, for subscrip tions promised to Building Fund, also to District Council accepting their tender for purchase of old building, also having received £2 2s. from Committee of Catholic Bazaar, for hire of piano ; £2 2s. through Dr. Peel,' from Messrs. Cobb and Co., subscription to Building Fund, and promises from the Yen. Archdeacon Twopeny, of £1, and Messrs. Davison and Steel, £2 2s. for the Building fund. The Secretary's account for, salary was passed for paynje,nt:;/ The Librarian again reported having missed periodicals I from the reading room, and having detected a person taking them" away without leave. He was' instructed to strictly carry out the resolutions passed and published by Com mittee, relating to the admission of non- , subscribers; it was also resolved that for the future the Secretary be held responsible for all publications lost from the Institute. 'No periodicals to be allowed to leave the reading room. . Resolved that the Secretary" im mediately collect all subscriptions due to the end. of June 1868. FOOTBALL. - A sufficient number of football players assembled on the ground on Saturday afternoon, to enable' two sides \ to be selected of twelve each, under the captaincies of Masters and Harris. The play was remarkably good and after two and three quarter hours hard contest only one goal was kicked, and that by Masters' party. The club is not yet sufficiently numerous to select the full compliment on both sides, but the nucleus having been formed, there is but little doubt the required numbers will quickly gather round, so that the game will in future be played with, full numbers. A question arose whether a player having the ball in hand would be justified in throwing it; there were doubts expressed upon the subject on both, sides. Upon re- ference to the Border Watch of 31st August, 1867, in which we published the code of rules adopted by the Mount Gambier Club, we find rule 10th to be as follows, "-The Ball while in Play may under no circum- stances be thrown." It will be found on reference that this is one of the rules which, governs all football clubs. THE SPAEEOW. - This impudent little friend of ours, the remembrancer of times and places in the old country, has been put upon his trial in the colony of Victoria upon a charge of destroying the fruits of the orchard and vineyard to a very serious extent. Fortunately for the sparrow, whose exter mination was threatened, individuals who understood the merits as well as the demerits of the little fellow gave evidence on his be half, and the sparrow has been triumphantly acquitted. Dr. Mueller of the Melbourne Botanical Garden, Mr Daniel Bruce, Curator of the Geelong Gardens, and other gentle men of scientific acquirements have testified, that in the present instance at all events, the sparrow must be held harmless, for that the serious depredations complained of, and committed by the feathered tribes, have been the work of the Whiteye, and Honeysuckers, two small birds indigenous to the Australias, and well known to the Ornothologist. These birds during the present autumn, have been found in "Victoria in unusually large flocks, and their ravages in both vineyard and orchard have in several instances been of serious consequences to the owners. In some of the vineyards, what would otherwise have been heavy crops have been totally destroyed. Of course the owners who knew too well the ? effect, looked round for the cause, and having no data to guide them, pounced upon the sparrow, who being a new chum, and Vhose proclivities in southern climes were not generally: understood, he was denounced as the offender, and was to be ruthlessly slaughtered for these repaated razzias of the fruits; fortunately for the feathered as well as the unfeatherhed biped, the error, has been discovered in time, and it is now pretty generally admitted that although the sparrow does take occasional toll of fruits, he is fully entitled to it as a recompense for the very great service he renders to the farmer and horticulturist generally. We hope that the sparrows loosed by Mr. Long the other day will receive the protection of. those v hose society they may seek, and not be wantonly shot doyn under a pretext of their predatory habits. , Nominations AT ROBE. -= The following is a list of the proposers and seconders of the various candidates at the Nomination for the Electoral district, of Victoria, *'on- 28th April, 1868: HENEY; KENT HUGHES. " " Proposers, George Ormerod, E. H. Derring ton, J. TJmpherSton, A. Mackeand, Richard McClure, J. A. C. Hunter,' S. McKenzie, Charles Clarke; Seconders, John Ekers, A. F. Barrett, H. E. Wells, J. H. Mack, F. McFarlane, James Stark, George Shelton. JOHN BIDDOCH. Proposers, George. Ormerod, James. Um pherston; Seconders, William Savage, James Mitchell. ; WILLIAM ALEXANDER EESKINE WEST. ( Proposers, G-eorgd Duck Wyatt, Clifford Shirriff, Hugh MdLean, William Marshall, Finlay Mclnniss, William Lyon, James Bently Davison, J. D. Sutherland, William Paltridge, John Harvie, John Brilliant, H. Heniemahn, James McGill, William Lane, William Dallison, Frederick W. Dransfield, E. J. Stuart, Charles Dover, JohnH. Smith, Charles Ekers ; Se onders, Thomas Graham, Ernest Krule, -George Ludwig, Henry Holmes, Edwin Pepper, Alexander Anderson, James C. Bradshaw, Leonard Lovegrove, Eobert John Denford, Samuel Barratt, Samuel Brooke,' Thomas Graham, (second time) Job Bartle£f&Walter; Schofield. FASHIONABLE --INTELLIGENCE. - Henry Jones, Esq., J.P. entertained a large and select party, comprising many of the elite of the neighbourhood his residence, Binnum Binnum, on Thursday evening last, for the purpose of introducing Mr W. A. E. West, one of the candidates at the forthcoming election for this district, to the surrounding squatters and gentry. The numerous guests duly appreciated the liberal hospitality of their kind host and hostess, and sedulously demonstrated their Terpsichorean proclivi- ties until the blushing presenee of Aurora heralded the coming morn. A hunting party having been arranged for Friday, most of the distinguished guests, amonest whom we noticed Messrs. W. A. E. West, G. B. Scott, S.M., Davis (a rising barrister), and A. McLeod and H. L. Galbraith, Scab In spector, &c.;, &c.;, who, notwithstanding the fatigues of the previous evening, eagerly embraced the opportunity of enjoying this favorite pastime; and we feel sure that the entertainment which passed off with such eclat will long be retained in the lively re- membrance of the favored guests-Commu- nicated. MCCUSPICK v. HELLYER.-This case, for using threatening and abusive language, which came before G. B. Scott, Esq;, S.M., on Wednesday last, but was adjourned to allow plaintiff's attorney an opportunity of amending the information, will be resumed this morning at 11 o'clock. O. AND F. HALL, PORT MACDONNELL. A suitable site for the erection of an Odd fellows' and Foresters' Hall at Port MacDon- nell having been secured, Mr O. Skipper, the secretary, requests through public advertise- ment, that the first monthly call of 5s. per share may be paid in on or before the 22nd May, on which date it is intended to invite tenders for the erection of the Hall. LECTURE.-"The true story of.certain ghosts I have seen'' will be the subject of a lecture to be delivered this evening in the Oddfellows' and Foresters' Hall, by the Rev. J. Medway Day. From all we can gather appertaining to the subject matter of this lecture, it would appear to be not only amusing but instructive, having the effect of dispelling the many optical and mental delu- sions, of which we occasionally hear, arising upon the subject of ghosts. It is very rare that a lecture of equal calibre is presented for the delectation of the residents at The Mount, which, combined with the known talents of the lecturer, ought to ensure a numerous auditory. The lecture will com- mence at eight o'clock, and the admission, which is one shilling, will be devoted to the Baptist Church Building Fund. Mr. Cornish will preside at the harmonium. ME. JOHN RIDDOCH arrived at Mount Gambier yesterday, and proposes remaining over the election day here. He will preside at the Rev. Mr Day's lecture this evening. MB. WEST.-We learn that Mr West has 'gone,on to meet the members of the Ministry at Lacepede Bay. Report has it that the Ministerial interest is being brought to bear on Mr West's behalf, but we hate no means of knowing how true this may be. ELECTION INTELLIGENCE.-We make the following extract from Pasquin:-"The re-" ported declaration of Mr Hughes in the South - East touching the land question led us entirely astray, and we tender an apology to that gen tleman for the mistake made. His printed manifesto indicates that be is a Liberal candi date, a freetrader on principle, not only in name but in reality. His' theory of the land question is one of the best yet uttered from the hustings-a .perfected Bcheme we do not look for. It is quite sufficient for the most ultra freetrader in land that tl^e candidate should own his intention to put agriculture on such a basis that the farmer should be able to enter upon his land without a single liability, and with every sixpence of his small cafptal available for the national property. . i . We wish Mr. H. K. Hughes every success in his election endeavors, for the whole safety of the country depends now entirely upon tbe result of the land question. For several years past this necessity has'been loudly knocking at our door ; but tbe kind of men holding office were only of opinion that it was the wind of a harmless passing squall. They are now satis fied that the intimations of the approaching disaster were serious through unheeded warn ings.'' HOME NEWS FBOM ABBOAD.-The Mel bourne Economist of Friday last tells its readers that " the recent sale of Government land at Mount Gambier has caused a vast amount of.excitement. A great meeting was held there to consider the general question of the disposal of the public lands. The speakers got quite excited, and the audience taking up the question in a warm manner, the police had to be sent for to prevent a disturbance." 