OUR LONDON AND PARIS LETTER. Written expressly for this Journal. By our own Special Correspondent. London, April 25 th. A report that a diabolical, and all but successful attempt had been made to set fire to Buckingham Palace lately, caused intense excite ment in the city. The rumour originated in a policeman having observed two suspicious-looking persons, dressed in black, and having every appearance of being confirmed Fenians, lighting their pipes in | the vicinity of the palace. The city is slowly recovering its equa nimity. The University boat race came off on the morning of April 4th, and again resulted in favor of the Oxford crew. So dense a haze hung over the river at the commencement of the race, that the boats were occasionally mist in the fog. ' The rowing of both crews was not so regular this year as it has been in previous years. Cambridge accomplished the extraordinary feat of rowing nine different and dis tinct times with eight oars. No. 4 performed the ceremony of catching a crab, but not being desirous of keeping him, let him go again. In spite of these little mishaps, the course was rowed in less time than any previous race. At the dinner given to the crews, Mr. Still, the Cambridge stroke, in responding to the " Health of the two crews," expressed it as his firm conviction, that if the Inter- University boat race was discontinued, Cambridge would, ere long, cease to exist — the race being, in his opinion, the only thing which kept that venerable institution on its legs. The Oxford men were ready to corroborate Mr. Still's opinions in the case of the sister University. An amusing case is being tried in the Court of Vice-Chancellor Giffard — Lyon v. Home. Mrs. Lyon is the wealthy widow of a deceased merchant, and Home, as you probably are aware, is the famous table-rapper, ghost-seer, and general dealer in spirits. Mrs. Lyon, being desirous of conversing with her departed husband, was induced to pay a visit to Mr. Home. Mr. Home at once set his magic-table to work, and that accommodating piece of furniture soon rapped out a most comforting message from the dead man to the widow. It informed her that Mr. Lyon was perfectly happy, was enjoying good average health, that he sent his best love, and gave her his blessing. After it had delivered this satisfactory intelli gence, the cheerful table threw up its legs, and danced a pas seul ex pressive of the happiness enjoyed by the departed spirit. Mr. Home worked the oracle so successfully, that ere long he persuaded the widow that it was her husband's earnest desire that she should make over the greater part of her fortune to him — Home. The widow, by this time, having implicit confidence in the table, consented to Mr. Home's proposals, and the necessary transfer of the money was made. It now strikes Mrs. Lyon, after mature deliberation, that it is not improbable that she has been duped. Accordingly she has moved for a trial in the Court of Chancery, and that trial is now proceeding. Mr. Gold win Smith, having given up England as a bad job, intends settling in America, and is making arrangements for the complete re-organisation of that village, which he hopes to make fit for the reception of emigrants from the mother country. The report that if Mr. Gladstone be not shortly elected Premier, he is resolved to visit New South Wales, with a view to entering Parliament and becoming leader of the Opposition, is altogether incorrect. Not much has been done in literature during the past month. The following works, however, are advertised, and may shortly be ex pected. " Alcoholic Consorts," by Hepworth Dixon, author of " Spiritual Wives." "The Hero of Switzerland," a sequel to " Time Will Tell." " Wristlinks," by the author of "Golden Fetters." " Chasing a Blackf ellow, " by the author of " After Dark." " Mill on Republicanism," by the author of " Mill on the Floss." Hie following advertisement is fished out of a country news paper. Haply, some of your readers may feel disposed to answer it. To Christian Parents — a pieusly-disposed young man can be accommodated witli a comfortable eitting-room and bed-room in a decidedly Christian family. He would have every home comfort, and the inestimable advantages of a godly example ; in return for which, liberal terms would be required — &c.; The thermometer in Paris, which lias been very high for some weeks past, has suddenly fallen. The weather has consequently become much colder. The Emperor and Empress are in good health. On the 11th instant, the Empress suffered acutely from toothache in the lower jaw, and consumed a great deal of brandy, in the hope of alleviating the pain. She at length had recourse to "Bunter's Nervine," a bottle of which was sent her by Queen Victoria, and found instant relief. On the 15th the Emperor was slightly indis posed, in consequence of having partaken somewhat too freely, it is thought, of " Muinguesala Calypso ," a dish of which he is very fond. The Prince Imperial is a promising youth. His father, the other day, while engaged on his life of Csesar, asked the Prince what he thought of the character of that great general. "Won derful old man, in many ways," said the Prince. " Uncommon neat hand at lying. What wonderful crammers he did thrust down the throats of those Patres Conscripti, to be sure ! Made them be lieve any buncombe he liked. The study of his career is very un profitable work, and calculated to weaken one's morals. I'm sorry, sir, that you should have dirtied your fingers by writing the beg gar's life. " These precocious ideas of the young fellow startled the Emperor not a little. It was some time before the old gentleman recovered his equilibrium. The fashions for this month are simple enough. The face and ears are worn "au naturel " — the bonnets are worn on the head. Ladies occasionally shew their own hair. A hair-dresser in this city has patented awash, which is called "In termittent Blush." By the aid of this wonderful lotion ladies are enabled to blush the loveliest blushes, and to fade again into statu esque pallor whenever they please. The belles of Paris are about to present a handsome testimonial to the great benefactor of man kind who invented the above means of beautification. It is with deep feelings of melancholy and shame that I have to record that the young person who this year gained the Monthyon prize for virtue has since been tried and convicted for theft. The far- sighted damsel worked for and acquired a character for honesty, that she might afterwards more safely practise her fraudulent little plans. It is with equal sorrow that I have to state that the late Mr. Shakspere's immortal tragedy of Hamlet has been set to music by a composer of this city, M. Ambroise Thomas. Not content with translating that great drama into their mincing patter, our lively neighbours have turned it into an opera. Where will French sacri lege and audacity end ? The ghost does a solo, and is backed up by a gibbering chorus of sprites and spectres. The famous soliloquy, "To be, or not to be," is the gem of the piece, and has created quite a furore among the excitable Parisians. It is murdered by every itinerant musician through the city, and hummed and whistled by every bare-legged gamin. There is plenty of the comic element scattered through the opera. The dialogue between the grave dig gers is particularly humourous, done in recitative, with a chorus of gravediggers, who toss about the skulls with their shovels to the time of the music. This has a truly grand effect, and brings tears to the eyes of the audience every night. The scene concludes with a spade-dance by the diggers. I once heard of a manager, who was playing Hamlet in a pro vincial town, varying the performance by the introduction of acro batic and gymnastic feats ; but it is nothing to this ! Such an ex hibition would scarcely suit the English taste — but they manage these things better in France. A late article in the Constitutimnel, which is thought to have been written by no less a personage than the Emperor, says that the only reliable means of preserving peace throughout Europe, is for each nation to be as fully and completely armed as it is possible to be. The nations will then be in the same position as the group in the Critic. Each will be afraid to strike the first blow, lest, by so doing, it expose itself to an attack by some other nation equally well armed. This is certainly an original idea for maintaining peace. Apemantus. 1 