PATRIOTIC PLACEMEN PDZZLED; oa, " WHO OAK FILL IT I" There is a land, whoso ancient namo Was terra incognita'— (Tho halting accent do not blame, . It makes tho rhyme " complotor") — Tfa itvnni nrn Klnntr.- lid onlri »mmnnn i Its trees hro rhostly gam ones ; Its busH (ceo Kendall) weird and dense; ' Its BtAteraqti— very rutn ones, TwasdhHlib merry montb of Juno Outspalce tho bold Dick Driver, I Imvo do caso this afternoon . To earn forensic fiver ; - III have some fun — too long our land Has been controlled by aliens, Our native youth shall now demand Australia for.Australianal" Then swift he seized his ready pen. And letters long indited, Whoroby all sorts of native men He up to Vale'a invited ; Quoth he, "Attend, nnd do not blab, ' For my sioccrcst wish is That natives now alone may grab unis country 8 loavos and bancs. 'I trow they camo in goodly throngs Attentive to his calling; All mourning o'er Australians wrongs, And loud for vengeance bawling. Now, aid me, Muse, their names to sing Who backed themselves as fit 'una The pridc/of place away to wring From ajl imported Britons,. ' »' Firsts- mounted' on a fiery steed. Rode Windoyor — commander , . Of volunlcere—.wbora all. men redo \- A second Aloxander. With "seaUecure, ho ridctb in On flhafger of fierce mettle ; Loud yell tho throng, "Go In and win! Bucephalus he'd settle !" Next " good old Jeff" appeared, and cried— ' One fooman I havo polished ; All senso'of light I've set' aside, And Duncan I've demolished ; uui luuruu, wiuugu n naiivo dotq, No bint b aid us suffers ; He says to join our ranks he'd scoro, Because we are all duffors 1" A greybeard rose to have his say . (A J.P. at the station, Rejoicing ia tiro name of Day)— Quoth he, " Our-mighty nation 'Its flowers hath sent to represent The wrongs 'ueath which we labour; Our berths are but for natives meant, | And.fdsrn'our'EngTish neighbour. Let us reaolvo into a hoard, . . . Atfdtnoy.e. a resolution,' ' By which our friends may bo assured ; - Our foes meet retribution. Bold Driver as our chairman pick ; Tbe secretary's duties Are light— a muff in that well stick— Delohory will suit us. For counsel, if to law wo go, We havo the best of men. It Would not do cosy soon to snow The peer of glib.tongued Bennett ; And Wentworth — of our dodge apprised, Though nothoro an arrivor— Would send, or I am much surprised, .Our glorious band a fiver !" In rushed young Smith, his hair on end With hasto and agitation, His gurgling words in vain contend To give an explanation ; The Chairman yelled, " What mean these larks? Quick! what now move has started ?" Smith feebly gasped, " This morniog Farkoa From office has doparted 1" " Now is our timo. Bring out your choice To take tho vacant billet ; Wo've surely men tbe publlo voice Will reckon fit to fill it, If we aspire to rule tbe land, And native-governed mako it, No doubt we havo at our command Men qualified to take it." A deadly terror filled each eye ; \- In fear and hesitation Tbe Chairman asked, " Who's gamo to try The Board of Education ? . ' Wo'll hack bim up with all our might. For one of us it's hooked— it— " He turned, and gazed around with fright— Tho members all had booked it. Ye. smart and gushing native youth. Have made a trifliug blunder: You must a.vociafc forsooth ! To keep the strangers under. Your doctrine's ono that cannot stand, Oi hear tho least inspection ; Free Trade , wc know, in any land Will overset Protection. If in your ranks a man you find With genius o'er his fellows, He Deeds, to fnn tho flnme, no wind Blown by your feeble bellows ; Men watching thoir own interest Heed not "Association," But choose their rulers from tho best, Without respect to nation. — Sydney Punch, We understand that the accounts received io town lost week from Black Gin Cicek, some what overrated the gold producing character of the ground. Tho average yield is about four or five pennyweights to tbo load, and water is not at a convenient distance for washing. It is, we hear, about a quarter of a mile from tho workings. Tbe prospectors ore getting gold in payable quantities, and lodd and party wno bavo a claim on tho rise, have come upon four or five feet thickness of vroshdirt, at a dopth of about soventecn feet. A nugget weighing six or seven ounces was picked up from tho surface at Rosewood, a few days ago.— ' Rockbampton Bulletin,' September 22. AUurious Experiment.— Take a picco of pasteboard, about five inches square, roll it into a tube with ono end just largo enough to fit round .tho eye, and tbe other ond rather smaller. Hold tho tubo bewcon tbe thumb aud finger of the right band (do not grasp it with tbo whole hand); put the Urge ond close ogainst the right eye, and with tho left hand bold a book against the side of tho tube. He sure and keep both oyes open, and thero will appear-to ho a hole through tbo book ond objects seen as if through the hole instead of through tho tube. The right eyo sees through tho tubo, and tho left eye sees tho book, and tbo two appearances aro so confounded together that they cannot ho soparatod. Tho left hand can bo hold against tbo tubo instead of a book, and the hole will seem to be seen through tbe baud. WALLB. — The following method of forming walls in India hab long been in use in that country. Tho walls are built of moistened earth, like those called cob-walls in Devon shire; they are afterwords, when dry, sur rounded with a framework, at a proper distance to support firewood in contact with overy part of them in different stages, so that the quantity in tbo lowest stage is tho groatost ; tbi?, as it burns down, bakes tho wall liko bricks to tho thickness of ten inches. Thosa walls aro so strong that they rosiat tho attacks of floods, and last for centuries. In confirmation of the statements recently' made about tho effects of tho drought on some of the squatters in tho interior, tbo ' Maitland Mercury is informed of tbo case of one lesseo, whoso sheep bavo been travelling for nearly five months, begging grass and water from his' more fortunate neighbours. Out of 20,000 ho has lost over 1000 ; ho is now. shearing ondcr difficulties, and will ho obliged, unlcsi rain should fall, to send them off again, to keep as many as possible alive. The Wheat CuoP8 in South Australia. —Tbe Port Gawlcr correapoudeot of the 'Re gister Bays With regard to diseased wheat plautsfrom Alma Plaino, lam inclined to think they aro affected with black, not red, ru6t. Tho former1 wo havo more or less every year, and there is a little in my own crop at present. Its features are a number of small very sickly- looking stems from a single root ; afterwards black stripes begin to appear on tho flag, and then tbo plant gradually withers away. It generally appears first about the bcgiooing of AUgUSi, atiac&iDg; uuru uuu luuiu a pjam, iu soma years more and ia others less. Aad if that is what the whoat plants from Alma Plains aro affected with — and I uni inclined to think so — there is no cause for alarm on that account this season. A return published in the ' Otago Times' ; shows that tho number of newspapers des patched from" the various' colonics of Now Zen- land during.last year is within a fraction less : by half than the' number despatched during tbo prccceding twelvo months. There is no thing to account for it only tho postage tax. Tho figures stand as follow: — Tho total num ber of newspapers . despatched in 1866 was 2,413,511 ; in 1867, 1,390,368. The Friendly Natives havo been distinguish ing thomselves- in Auckland. A select party party had come to enjoy themselves, and in tbo ovening some of them were found drunk nnd disorderly in tno street, ruo ponce seizca ono offender and hnndcaffcd him, but they bad no sooner attempted to drag him along, than forty or 6fty of his comrades sot to work to rcsouo him. They carried sticks, Bpcars, aad tomahawks. A light ia tho stylo of Bonny- brook Fair soon followed, tho police were in jured and thoir. prisoner escaped. One of tho Maoris who attempted tho rescue was captured and lodged, ia tho lockup. ' Hard Times is New Zealand. — Tho police force of Marlborough, Nqw Zealand, is said .to resemble tho arinypf La Grand Duchcsso do Qerolslcin, in tho famous burlesquo. It consists of one commissioner of police, ono in spector, two sergeants, and ono full private. Lamentable to relate, the force has received no pay for the last threo months— tho Provincial Trensury not being equal to tho demand. The capital of tho province has lost its oqly Go- vernment schoolmaster for the same reason. According to the abovo paragraph thore aro places to bo found not only equally but more depressed than Queensland, notwithstanding the stagnation existing in every line of busi ness The Steamer Taranaki. — The Diver Drowned. — The steamship Ladybird, Captain Renncr, sailed for Queen Charlotte's Souud, at threo a.m. on tbo 9th September, for tbo pur pose of ascertaining tho positionof tbo steamer Taranaki, as she now lies at tbo entrance of Bowden's Bay. A number of persons pro ceeded in her, including threo divers, with ap paratus complete fur the purposo of ascertain ing tbo praotibility of raising tho ship. She arrived at Bowden's Bay, at nino a.m., and an chored closo to tho Taranaki. Operations woro then commenced by getting the boats and. form ing a stage for tho divers. On sounding it was fuuud that she was lying in 13 fathoms for ward and 17 aft. The diver then wont down for tho purposo of making a rope ladder fast to tho Taranaki, ond, having dono so returned after a short timo. His dress being adjusted by adding extra weights, he again dosccndeii, with tho intention of inspecting tbe vessel's position and bottom.. For a quarter of an hour after ho bad been down, siguals had been ex changed satisfactorily, after which thoy ceased, aod nothing more was observed until his red cap was seen floating on tho 6urfaca. It was then known that the helmet must have been removed by sorao cause. Efforts were then made to bring him to tho surface, but failed, although persevered in for upwards of on hour, the diver having evidently got entangled in some portion of tho wreck. After trying with tho boats and lines by pulling in various direc tions, the man was liboratod and brought to the surface, but life was quito extinct. It wns then discovered that tbo helmet bad unscrewed itsolf from tho breastplate of the dross, which was tho causo of tho unfortunate accident. Tho man's name was Burton, and ho was well- known ns a practical diver. IVo understand that ho wns a single man. Tho body was put on board tho Ladvbird, and sho returned, ar- riving boro about nino p.m. — ' Wellington In dependent, ' September 10. A Case or Mistaken Identity. — An cx- extruordinary case of mistaken identity has A Lnmwlnrlirn ulVil til ft ' Aralltl'Y i'uiuu tu vui ouviuvuv \" j —"6 j About two mouths ago, a man was found dead or dying in tho verandah of a houso in Hotham. At tho inquest subsequently held upon tbo body, a number of persons testified to its boing tbat of a map named Collard, sorao of tho wit nesses stating tbat they had known tho de ceased for a considerable period. A verdict of death from sanguineous apoplexy was return -d, and the friends of tbcdcccosod in England were written to, informing them of tho event. Tbo day beforo yesterday, tho man Collard appeared in Hotham alive, ond iu his usual health, after 60ino months' sojourn in tho country. Tbe terror of tbo femalo members of tho household where he presented himself was extreme, until ho had satisfied them bo wns real flesh and blood, and not a ghost. This seems to have been ono of those curious instances of personnl resemblonco that aro sometimes read about iu novels or seen upon tbo slago, but which arq generally regarded as existing only in the imagination of fertile story writers, or in genious dramatists. Tho caso was reported to the police yesterday, as it is of some import ance for tho genuine Collard to establish his identity, inasmuch as ho has been in the re ceipt of an annuity, which, of course, will havo been discontinued on tbe ocwb of bis supposed death. A man of colour, styling himself " tbo Great Africao Blondin," has been amusing the people of Beverley this week by walking upon a rope at an altitude of fifty feet. On Wednesday night, July 15, the performer made bis appearance as usnal, and, having addressed tbe people below, bo commenced bis perilous journey amidst much cheering. He had only traversed half the length of the narrow' road, however, beforo the rope "gsvcV sudden snap, and tbe hapless performer tho next instant (with (he balancing pole in bis bands)-wa9 aoeu falling from his giddy height to tbe ground. Tbo cries and shouts of the peoplo present were distressing, and tbe field in which tbe poor fellow fell was immediately invaded by tho peoplo? assembled, aDxious to render 'bim' any assistance. Tbo performer lay npon the ground, face downwards, with-, .tho balancing polo under bim, apparently lifeless ; but on tbo arrival of medical men it was found tbat he still lived. A cab was procured, in which ho was conveyed to bit lodgings, in- Walkergato,- and on further ex animation it was found tbat' be' bad broken one of 'his arms and wrists. Ho lies in a Yefy prcoarious -state. " A newly-arrived emigrant in Australia in soliciting work, stated tbat bo wanted tho money bo hoped to corn to send home to lie- land, " where, "'.be added, "I bavo a wifo and. seven children, and never saw one. of them.! tbo person to whom be was making applicatiotf for tbe work angrily exolaiuicd) " How darq you tclh mo such stuff? How could you bavo a wife and seven children in Ireland without. ever having seen one of them?" ' Because,1 your honor, tbe one I never saw was born aftet I sailed for Australia" The Lion Tameh and -the Bailiffs. When Carter, tbe Lion King, was exhibiting with Ducrow, at Astley'fl; a jnappger, with whom Carter .bod made and broken an engage ment, issued a writ against bira. The bailiff camo to (bo stage-door and asked for'Carter. " Show the geotiemon up," Baid-Docrow ; end when tbey reached the stage, thero Bat Carter composedly in. tbe great cage, with -ah enor mous lion on each side of him. " There's Mr. Carter waiting for you, gentlemen," said -Du- crow ; " go in and take him — Carter, my boy. the samo timo eliciting, by private signal;ia . tremendous roar from his companions; Tbo bailiffs staggered back in terror, rolled over each other as they rushed down stairs, add nearly fainted before tbey reached the street. . TnE Czar and the Gambler. — The Noti- vollisto/ of Rouon, says tbat when tbo Em peror of Russia was' at Horabourg, this yai# . be went into the gambling rooms, ond being tempted to try bis luck at roulette, told bis aide-de-camp to throw down a ooto of a bun- , .drod roubles upon tbo red. But tbo bull bad .scarcely begun to roll when tho croupier, with his rake; roughly poshed away the Russian paper, observing tbat the bank did not take tbat sort of money. Tho aide-de-camp took it up without romonstrance, and tbo Czar, who most assuredly was not recognised by tbe crou pier, went away without trying another ex- periuieufcuu uumu ui g«v<.u vivi. A Persecuted Ambassador. — Tho Hri- tish Embassy 19 at present occupied in the so lution of tbo following very delicate qucstim (says tbo 'Court Journal') When Lord Lyons was at Washington, he was introduced to a very handsome lady, Mdlle. T G » whoso mother was a Spaniard and father a Frenchman, but a naturalised Amorican citi zen, residing near New Orleans. As it was at tbo young lady's request tbe first introduction took place, Lord Lyons was very polite toward Lor. Timo rolled on ; his lordship went to Paris, and tho young lady went to St. Peters burg. The rumoured marriage of Lord Lyons with the widow of a noble brother diplomatist brought bis admirer from St. Petersburg. Sho sends daily invitations to bis lordship to join her dinnor parties, to camo to ber balls— sho presents him with costly gifts, that are imme diately returned. Being rich, well-conneoted, and witty, sho has tbo eotree to every circle, .. aod is sure to arrivo as soon as bis lordsbjp, about whoso movements sho is kept well it- formed. The French ladies humour the lady's whims, but tbo matter is becoming so annoying tbat tbo first lady in Franco has promised to uso her influenco in tbo rescue of tbe hard hearted ambassador from bis fair tormentor. Orange Marmalade. — Miss Edith L. Bronson, daughter of a millionaire, New York City, sent tho Women's Right's Club a jar of orange marmalade, which was passod around and jiigbly spoken of. Tho ladies inquired-- bow it was made, but no one was able to tell. Her statement why sho came to mako the mar? malado should bo read by helpless young women throughout tho country. Says she, " Reading the Revolution one day, 1 camo to the conclu sion that every girl should bo ablo to support herself. My father, though rich, might at any . moment die a bankrupt, leaviog.mo penniless and alone. I thought of embroidery, and . found it would not pay. Teaching Bcbool I know did not, beside tbe New York schools aro crowded ond full of carbonic acid gas. Ab re gards writing books, Solomon says there aro too mafly iu tbo world already. After much thinking as to what I should do, I finally took a bright cousin into my councils. We walked Broadway, made calls, drove to Central Park, aod at last decided to go into tho marmalade busioess. Accordingly, wo invested twenty . dollars in jars, sugar, and oranges. < Wo have » made seventy jars, which readily sell for sixty cents each ; thusyou see' wo double our money. Tho marmalade is remarkably fine, and I cx- pect in time to become quito cclolratod." Statistics of Intoxication.— Dr. Caffo devotes, in tbo 'Jonrnal des Connaissanccs Medicales, an interesting article to this curious subject. Every nation bo9 its peculiar intoxi cating drug. Siberia has its fungus ; Turkey; India, and China, bavo their opium; Persia, India, Turkey, and Africa, from Morocco down to the Capo of Good Ifope, and even tbc_ In dians of Brazil, have their hemp and hashish ; India, Chioa, and tho Eastern Arcbipolago .. havo tboir betel and bctel-peppcr ; tbo Islands of tho Pacific havo tbeir daily hava; Peru and Bolivia have their eternal coca; New Grenada and the chains of tho Himalaya thoir red thorny applo ; Asia, Araorica, aud tho wholo .world perhaps, patroniso tobacco ; tho English aod Germans bavo hops, aod tho French bavo let tuce. Of all theso drugs, tobacco i9 that which claims sovereignty over the largest portion of tlie human race, for its votaries ore stated nt 900 millions; opium, fortunately, does not boast raoro than 400 millions j but hashish, a drug quito as intoxicating as opium, ia com monly indulged in by 300 millions of peoplo. Betel, which in point of fact, is hardly more than a gentlo stimulant, extends its sway over abont 100 millions. Coca, tbe virtues of which havo scarcely been sufficiently studied, except by Professor Mangazza, of Milan, can barely- muster ton millions of people j and all tho other drugs taken together, including tl t Box votmtnrift of Florida, aro used by abgit ientj«.. five millions of tbe humao race. 