BAIRNSDALE. (FROM OUB OWN COnLEsPONDENT;) 30th September, 1868. What will happen on the 2nd Novem ber I cannot say, especially when there will be large areas of land available. " I can say that. there is likely to be some sharp work in this district. As an in stance I know of a slight fracas that happened on a station in the neighbour hood of Bairnsdale. As one of our largest landed proprietors was riding round his estate he espied two suspicious looking animals at the extreme borders of the pre-emptive right, and having a wholesale dread of land sharks, he was induced to take a sight with a telescope. To his horrow he discovered two men, one bending under the weight of a bundle of stakes squared to the exact 3 inches, and the necessary length; the other armed with brush and paint pot. No time as lost, " to horse and away" was the word, and in the twinkling of a bed post our irate friend, the squatter, .was on the ground, confronting the invaders. "' What the d- 1 are you doing here on my private ground P" sayshe. " It is not your property,", says he of the paint brush, ,ditto" says the man with the stakes. "It is my property, and if you and your paint and sticks are not off I will kick yodu;" and suiting the action to the word, the paint pot received such a rise that it went spinning towards the river with extraordinary velocity. " One good turn deserves another" says the painter, and with good precision made a stroke with the paint brush which left its mark on the frontispiece of the squatter. What happened after, your informant knows not as at that precise moment he left the ground. The Shire Council has received a com munication from the Government to the effect that £400 has been apportioned to them, 'part of which is to reimburse the funds spent on the erection of the back water bridge, at the rate of two pounds for one expended by the Council; the re mainder for the reconstruction of the Timbara bridge, to be expended forth with. " Fish oh !" One of our most expert fishermen on the lakes arrived here on Monday with 30 dozen of fresh fish, and some three cwt. of dried. After tramp. ing round the town, his returns forsmokcd and fresh fish amounted to the sum of 8s Gd. Disgusted with the state of things in the town, he determined to try the country on the borders of the river. Away up he went, and on his return after pulling several miles-he reports the result of his journey thus: 1st plaee.-Bartered fish for potatoes. 2nd place.--Do. do. 3rd place.-Do. do. 4th place.-Do. bag of lime. 6th place.-Do. 1 doz. ginger beer. 6th placo.-Do. 1 pig. Cash, nil. What inducement there is at present for any man to settle in a place like Gippsland I cannot see. Whilst the lakes are closed,' here is a man that could supply the Mel bourne market with at least 250 to 300 dozen fish weekly, but there is no way of getting them there; and then he is com. polled to pull his boat over 60 miles, be. sides losing the time employed in catch. ing the fish-for what ? 8s Od cash, and potatoes, limeo, ginger boer, &c.;, instead of putting them on board the steamers at his own place, and in a week receiving, at the lowest calculation, £7 to £8 I It is reported that £3000 is to he ox. pended on the entrance; but I am afraid that unless a ceaseless agitation is kept up, rome ghost or another will continually arise to defer the completion of this muoh desired work, 