ST ANDREW'S CATHEDRAL From the S.M. Herald TicE histor Of. the cathedral church of St, Andrew dates from asfar back as the month Sof, 'August, 1819, nearly.fifty;.years,ago, w hen Governor Maqarie'laid the original froundation.stone.. After that' iproceeding there was a cessation of the work for some considerable'tlime, owing,'It is' believed, to t: he funds having been diverted to rbuildings o'of a parochial, character.. According to the t estimony of the IIon; Charles ,Cowper (for sseveral' years premier'of this colony). that :gentleman was himself present. when the •"first: foduudationstdone was laid; but during -the'long time that the project remakied m'ore : or'less n'abeyance, a change in the site was, Ifor some cause, decidbd upon; whlch necos. *!'.?jted' a relaying'.of . the 'foifidation.stbe r*' sn;years afterwards;' 'St J~aines's Church n, was commenced ,ind took precedence of the :· projected cathedral.' At thiitimeand hiitil .,the :year 1835; the ?pressent 'dlocese 'of'Syd. , ney. fornmed part'of the diooese bf;Oalcutta. , In 188 theo late'Dr' Brou'ghton wai conse: 'crated Bishop of Australia, and in the fol .-lowing year, on! the' retrn 'of that prelate ,?to Sydneyi he revqrted to the ddsign which , lhad been intiatod by Governor Macquaribe. ?The fouindation-stone was thus relaid by 81i ,_,ichard' Bourke;'the Ooveinor, on the 1'6th M ay, 1837, during the episcopacy of thel 'late. Bishop,t whose, name' and designation ,(as, the first and:' sole Bishop of Australia) ?are inascribed on'the north pillar next to thi Lcommunnon-rails:,,, At this;resumptiono, ar ovather real .commencement of the work;,tie' old, foundation-stone.l was' ..removed r and laced in Its actual, site, other.;expenses eigalso incurredn e In commencing the pre? sent building. ,' This. site for. the building was at'length satisfactorily determined by a' "grant fromi the COrown, made on the ,16th' day ofJaniary, 1850; i but, singularly enough, not taken up by, the church authorities until 'as lateo 'as..the year ,185.The?structur'e dmade isomeasllght progress after the retincepi. tion of the undertaking in,1837, but, from a variety bf ,causes, lid not get on:'as fast'as migh 'have: been erpected, considering the great'weilth'of' tle religious body to which I lt'blonged. "'iTwentyeight years ago the' idlls were, not more thano vo:,or six feet high, all round;'and after an increased im. petus had been given to the work, and the ! vallas obf thq choir.'wer built, it ;remained, f' :siveral yers :'i.more,. unroofed-a mere I sisghtly ahell, wholly devoid of, any use or archtectuiral beauty. .In this'earlier part of the history 'f the church. the architect was Mr. Jidies a ume, 'recently. deceased.,~., O MrI.' uhieirelinquishing the post of archi. toot h6' was succeeded in '1840 by Mr. E. T. 3lacket, who made several improvements in' the architdctural details of,?whathad already beeno built, iand 'groatly: modified and rim.' piroved thi entire'pl an; Mr. Blacket has con :tluld to be the 'rchitect, up to, the present' da :/ n' .?"°?eigitee hiihidred and forty-six a ommteo ,wai'formiiedIfor thei.purpose;,of csm'ple?ti tei" cadbtiedral, ind, that, com mtleer~a b casried, onpthe, work up, to. thb pres?nt tide. It wason ithe 23rd of July, 185~ (w~hen?tli"" pieent i Bishop';was in attendance at ae. nmeeting of, the ,oommittee) that it was discoveriedno grant of the land ,had, beni properly. applied, fo'r; but .the oversight' was 'promptly rectified,1 and', a ! grant. obtained from.?t government in g n 4·rF; government ,in about i year. after ardi',Thle, projected ediflice had ofcourse been somewhat. delayed by tlhe death',in Enlaiid;of Bishop Blrouh' on,'ki . . the uniavoidaible delay that followed, pndin.g the appeointalit of his.successor, the present Bwishopd., nhi . arrival here, however, renewdenergy-was displayed, ralndt '?was 'redolved,.that 'St. .Andrew's th'dral should bq completed for use.: ,. In J60 thy building, oemmittee,waitedtupon the etropbl tah. (who;i according , tor the trmi of the griant,was'the. trustee), being dirbus p: kinowi'ng what'were his views on tl~ iatter vith'.regard, to?' the purposes, of the lildingand the mode in which it was "tbeijsed. :The answerj of the, Bishop ' .oeed'oii th'l minutes of the committee ona 7th 2th Decedinber1 jliOO-was of, sucha 'aa'cter, ad gave them every encouragement ;'tdr procced.,, From that timeto.this the ; bi diii~.g:has, steadily progressed, ,being S~at'i'ially assisted towards its present state of, ominpletioc'by th9 large contributions iof 4persons wholb,'have subscribed towards some ;ep~cial , objets ', in connection , therewith .s uch'a si the, wnhdows, carved s:woodwork; ,iblpit ind other similar details ;thesgreat o'6sti of ,which"could not ibeconveniently providod'; for by. aniy general subsoription: _i the monithobf July,1865, a publio meet Sing of the iemlib'ers of tbh Anglican church : l thls olony. was'. held, in S8ta James's oIS6blroom, presided ovbr iby t thet late Sover6or, his. Excellenoy Sir, John tiYoung.j 3Tho ,resit?of,lthat meeting proved; tobo eihiinently'satisfactory. Publio interestwas ,.once more fullysawaklened:. In- that and idn' Sthe following year £95O00,was subscribed by Sthe general publio for the 'completion ofthe s'tructure'; 1400 belngalso received through the Bishop from' the'Moore Estate,"' Two' i thousandi five'hnndred? iounds :\ere also' collected by ladios in th d:dioceseo, for. th p tiuichase of ,'an oarga''and'an : sunm ofthreeo :Ihulndred pounds was subscribed by children' fora baptismal font.; The disbursements of ,sthe committee between Januaryl1805,'and "Augiruist,"' 18f8;''iiinounted i to r. moref than i'l2000 L;'ahnd there did hot 'appe . toblo any prespect of'diliml?Eity inn getting all that' f should yet.be;ofduimP necessary';., Thiiuef it 1lengtlih on the meietlag of the diooesan syn6d' I lh"Aigst'lait;' i t raf announcd ii~ diai t tke r'church was eb far.completedl 'as to a'uthoiise: : thidhopie that'iith~ some additionial exertioni, it migt' be possible 'to hive Itt opened on . thet hof Novembdr :(St~ adrew's. Day);. A special ordinanc for.1 establishnag .and ,regulhatlng thie constltution of the cathedral '.was; "i' the' 4th'of Aiigfiit, intrddodced b Mr 'r.;Alexiander ,Gordoni tho ' chndcellor?f .. thb ,dldoeso;e, ritd the' :synod ian d i'avlnb g there been fully discussed' and imbedod, It w. as" read a thb~ d'tmlm dad 'passe n the '3ttli6f' that 'onth.T If pisuan'e'6 f.,this arraingement the ?chapter' of' thoe cathedral : has been made to-conslt"nf the Bishop; the ' Dean, the COhaffiollor7xid' six Canons and silaymoi '~A'o git:mee'tnog'was held'ii thib ediftlce o"the 13th of August' list,"at Swhich the EairLof Belmoreo presided-the object of.; tho moeeting being to' 6'kaRilo some movement 'for obtaiiiny~"tho' funds , ,yPir dB~Thpsoetops, taken forithe' p'ur :posesofl public worshlip, havo proved:to be succolsful,'fd~;t;'Androew' is to be tonsoe crated to dp-r?y ,'"'. -V"-. ,, ?'W: , st. ;Andreow'e Cathedral is ofcomparaitrvely small dimensions; for itls;'wlthin the walls, rather loss;than'.1GO foet lohg by 02.foot'in ': breadth; the tranrsept bolIg 110 ~feot 10oi by i14 feot only Irt, of course, will boar no pro portion, In point of size, to the great catse. drals at home; but in its. appropriate decoration and internal. arranj-ement it is considered, ,by competent judges, to: bear comparison with many such structures of a far greater size. The whole building (choir and nave) is not more than eight feet longer than the great choir of Chichester Cathe. dral; but it is, on the other hand,' eight feet longer than Oxford Cathedral altogether, and not more than twenty foot less, in its entire length, than that of :lristol., It consists of a nave, choir,.and sacrarium; and north and south- transepte. . It was a tpart of ,Mr. Blacket's plan to have had a low.lantern tower at the intersection of, the cross;' but that. design has, it is' believed, been aban. doned , TLere are.to be.two towers at the west end of the nave; and pinnacles are to be added along the top of theoutside walls. ,In the choir.there are nine; windows ;,threoo in the north .wall and three in the south; and' two similar windows on either 'ide:of the oriel. In the north transept ithere are,three windows, and in:the south is thoe:organ and whatever' openings for' light are required. In the lower, part of'the nave are ten large windows (five in each' lateral wall)'and two, `1imilasr;,'indows' on .either',i sde 'of tlie npostles' .indo'wfin the' western front-all (thirteen in number) filled with richly stahied glass'. Besides these windows 'the entire church is still further lighted 'with clerestory windows corresponding to thone' we 'have mentioned. 'It is a Gothic building lnwhat is usually known as the later decorate style, inclining,' in someo'bf its exterior details, 'to the perpendicular.'4 Although it is to be tihe cathedral;, or mother church,,'of the whole diodese,'it' will also haveto serve for'the purposes, of ,a 'arI6chill"churchi 'for' ,ttle' ecclesiastical' parish of' S.' A~idrow, 'one (of the'central districts of ihis city.';'" : .'.'. |. In proceeding 'to de'4sritbe tho interior,we shall' begin' by Ioblervhing (what has 'above been noticed) that on'the .north' illar,' neixt to the bnclosure 6f the cmnimuiinon.table,: is. inscribed the iiana of tholato'DIr. Broughtdn' as' Bishiop'of ;Australia; the name of 'Dr.; Barker,' the present bishop,' being caryedin a similar manner, upon'thoe correbponding pillar on southern side. "' The' six' pillrs 'in the hate bear the names and'designations of; the inetro'politati and suffragan bishops who' met in this colony; in conference in 1850. They' are 'in' orderab.sfollowdt--William Grant Broughtoi~j B1ishop of 'Sydiney 'and Metropolitan; :George' Augustus 'Selwyri, Bishop:ofl Nowt Zealand ':Francis' Russell Nixon, Bishopot Tasmania; 'Augustus Short,' Bishop of Adelaide Charles Perry, Bishop of ifelboirne' jand William Tyrrell,'Bishop of Newcastle;" '" '' U * -' ' 1 !t' From' the' oifcial accouiint hich' has 'been 'p'ublished ie'loarn'fthit all the'stained.glass windows.of'this'cli'rch,"twdnty.six in numni ber, are (with three exceptions) tho' gifts;of individuals'; and .it deeds no one' to, inform 'throse' ,wlio have visited' thie' building' that most' of these windows?are' in 'the highest atyle'of .modern art.;' The windowson the south side of the nave, or body of ihe chiirch, represent' the' miracles of'thi Saviour,' the corresponding windows on the north being illustrative of our Lord's parables.'! The two western!wiridows represent' the Tra'nsfigu?ia tion of 'Christi anhd:the Baptiim of our Lord-the latter being at' the extremity of tlio: idrthern 'aisle next t6 the' baptisteiy. Tlie two corresponiding windows, at the east end of the) two, side 'aisles, are the i Last Supper,'and the Resurrection;' The windows 'on the north side' of the choir represent the events in our Saviour'dt life prior' to His ministry,' whilst' the windows oppositeo' ar devoted i to 'eioents after the Orcifixion. Thus ;a' connected series' has been" giveni in the designs,' so as to harmonise through. out.";' ·.l**** *'t a*** *^ *t ) ***';'*" ? .::.*' } *:TnE TmxEE L&naES; 'WwINDOWS.-(1) Th western window represents the'Apostles and Apostolio men''i Simon,"' James, the :Les, Andrew, Barnabas,yL Matthias;,'' id 'Ji~de;' in 'the upper row.'!lIThomas, Jamesa;Johni thei Baptist, Stephlen; Philip,'and Bartholomew, in the middle row. APeter,'Matthei'MaBLnrk Luke; John, and Pau!;'in the lower."'' This beautiful window is the gift'of Mr.' Thomas S. 'Mort, of Greenoakes;'- Cost,' £576.'-(2) The'horthern window' (end 'of the triisont) was'1presehted 'by the"'' latei'Mr; Charles Kemp.'" Upper' row-Behold! the Lamb 'of God,'Caall' of St.'Adrew, Call 6fSt. Peter. Middle'row.l-Receive'ye thd' Holy 'Ghost, Day 'of 'Pe'teeost,' St.' Andrdew preaching. Lower row-Crucifixion 'of)! St. :Andrew, CrOcifliioih of our. Lord,' Cruciflxon' of St. Peter.'' GCost, £329;-~(3) The'oriel or great eastern 'window represents': the :following subjects;in'twenty;one comipartmont i there being three rows,;and seven 'lightiobr comi partment's in 'each' --Two 'Disciples'follow0 ing Jesus i they' camod 6iid' s:w whore He dwelt Ii tho&' Ascension; An'drew 'flhdlng Simon;1'he ;brought him'to Jesds o 'calling of 'Andrew and Simon; feeding lf the Five .Thousand ;! Ordination 'of the Twelve' Dis-' ciples ;'Andrew and)Philip'.with'the Greek .Worshippers i the , Good " Shepherd ; Jesus' foretelling i the Destruction: of;'Jearusalem;' the Day, ofi Pentecost; Andrew 'crossing the Euxino l:Ohrist'p injutictlon Feed my.Shoep.' ,The.three central lights, in the uppermost row, represent the Ascension " the three cor.' responding, lights, ini the middlo row,- the Miraolo of the LoavestandiFishes Z and the throeo centralillghts, in sthe lowest row, the' Da" pf Pontoooet..,,Thliswindow was erected partly, bycathedral, funds, anld ,partly, by, spepial subicriptions, in memory of Bashop UBfu9htbn,, Tho totalcost ofI this ;windowj i TilAszrij Wlirows;-Tho, oastern winw dow. of thllii, 'nth, transopt,as w ereted: by, theo' members oft iheole ial, profession,, in imem'oryo'f.the 'lat "Mr., Jstcit d:S. F..MIjj fIdn'd Mr.' ?ust8i Edwac rdoVis; lb:othL f wlhom died' :n; 1805'.'. I contains illui'stri tiions fromi the Life of Satuel; pach ]aving the text rifeprrd'to' (fro the le 1st book), in the followi~R irderl , The 12th chaptor, 24th vero h7th ltor, li th'irso? and tho asr·'chiptbo:,'' O1th?~verse; '. Theo arinorial 'ahleld'on northornmifsVhight'is th'at of Mr. :Justid6"Milford ;' hi~ving tho" 'dtdto of 'his death,'20th May; 1805, encircling it. -:That on' thie':oisthem lilght is the shield'of Mr. Taustice: Wlse;, with' the datd 'of; his d'iithu 28th September, 180,. 'Thlis window is by O." olhtterbuck,Mai land Point;- Stratford; and the total costof its' orection'was'£ 102', 'Thobopposite wiindop (io'stern"''sde"oftthl transept) *lIs ''by 'i Lavers " and 0 BarUarud Enders.slroef, Blfomsburi. .It woasorectod toi thbmdmory Iof ,Orptaint John "Pika formerly :of 'the 873rd Itlegimerit, tbut 'afiter .wards a settlei near 'Merton on 'the Huntor *;by i hls wliddwt.-u:'apitiin Pike died; at *Tours,iln Franco; about lx tyoears ago; boe quelsthing large sums In' eharity to various oolonlal Institutions. Thle ulbject of this window is, the Supper at Bethany; Mary annointing; the feet of Jesus; taken from .St. John's Gospel, 12th chapter, 7th and 8th verses-which: are. inscribod beneath the picture. ,CLExnEsTOnY W Dows. - The smaller window f in the, north: transept,, on the western uide': behind- the.pulpit, is to the memory of the late Mr. Wilhliam Macpher' son; of Dlalrgowrie in Sootland, for many years the holder of various publio offices in this colony.: lie died at the residence of his son, Mr. Allan :Macpherson (by whom the ;windowils-.brpctd)' on: the 11th MIarch, 18GO,; agod 8l The subljects aroe- lodses lifting up - the Serpent, 1i John tihe Baptist preaching in the Wilderness, and-Abraham offering.up Isaac. i The manufacturer is Q, Clutterbuck, and thle obst' of erectio ?'£4. The: corresponding :window 'in- the south transept (na8r the organ), is erected by the legal profession (oflwllch hs.ivas so long'-a member) in nimemory of, Mr. Juaies Ndrtoei for, above :thirty: years registrar ofl the diocese. r lie was: born at OroPlace,- in Bussoer, England, and died at Elawick, in thiiscblony, on the 31st August, 1862, aged 07.r', The winddw opposite (eastern -sidebf the same transept) is erected by members of the legal'professiton, and othoer'friends, in memory of Mr. Robert Johnson, a member of the Legislative Opuncil; who was born in London, on the 17tll December, 1812, and died at Brookaby,:Doublo Bay, on theiOth November,. 1800.. :: - : ' it NAVn AND iCuosl :WINDOWs.-The Win 'dow irepresenting-the Last Bupperoi' the north side oftho'eiltar, was presented by Mir 'John I Cainpboll 'and- Mr. Charles Ouwper ;;the oorrespondfngswindowtod n the south iide;, representing the Resurrection, was pi'esented 'by Mfr;: S: It: Salting:. On the'south side' of :the choir are three win. dowL I'£he' first .window represeits the worimoHen at the sepulchre, the appearing of Christto MLary Magdalen,'Mary telling the Apostloes,' And Poter and Johb at :the Sepul: chre." Tlhi was presoeited by the executors of Mr. Th6in a Moore; ':The second irepro. sents tile three Marys at the Sepulchreo; they hold' Eim 'by the feet,-" the journey to Einmips, and the Supper at Emmaus. Tihe cost of this iindow was defrayed by public subscription ai an' memorial to ?fr.: Charloes Kemp and 'Mi.:George' K: Ingeloar. Tile third represents Thomas's:'Unbelief,: his Adoration bf Chrlist,"MeIetin at the SeBoa of -Galileo, and Christ's ICharge to:Peter. This w;s presnted by -: hi ;family of tlio late Arclideacon. : In :the nave' are the : four windows representing the miracles of Christ.l The first window represents Christ Walking on the Sea, IIHaling on the Sabbathlday, the Cure of the Loper, and the Oure of the Infirm 'Woman..: This window was pro. sentodi~ by::Irs. Edward Aspinal. : The second' represents Christ' OCsting, Out- a Devil, the Dbraught of:the Fishes, the Blind Maln Restored;r and tihe Healing, of Ten Lepers.'- This was presented by Mr. Edye Manning,and Sir, -William M. Manning. The third represents i the Centurion's S? er -vant Cured, Cure of Peter's .Wife's Mother, Cure -of Dumb Woman, and Oure of' the Canaanitish WVoman's Daughter.,- This was presented by !XMr.. George:Cox randi Mr. -Edward fox.., The fourth represents; the Cure of the IManisuck of the Palsy:the Calming,ofr the Sea,' the' Miracle of- the Loavos'and Fisheos, and the Miracle in Cana of' Galilee.: This!,was preserited y by:Mr, Robert Toothit Of the thrdeiest'windows (besides.the Apostles''window' alreabdy.des oribed), thatwindow reoproseonting,the tran-s. tguration-oat-thea ehd ofof i 'south: aisle was preseuted:by' the 'familyl of I tho:late Deputy.-Oomtnissary Genoderal Laidley i: that represehting. theIaptism, of Our Lord, by the family: ofthe'late;Sir James Dowling, O.J.';~and' that (on'tho.north side o:of, the baptistory) represontinucthie Temptation, by the late Mr;.iThomas VWhistlor Smith: . Pro oeeding' up:tho.enorth nislo? oflthle nave; to theeastward, you ootne tb the four windows representing the :Parablesi oft Our ' Lord, The first windowi ropresents:tlhe iSoweor,i the Phariseo and Pablioan;the Good Bamaritan, and the Prodigal Son, r This was ;presented by. fr. John Oroft.:, Thi seoond represents the Unjust Judge,t the iKing's- Supper,, the Unjust Steward€ and, the Wodd ing Garmenti Thls was presented by Major.GOeneralB Sir Edward, Mgcarthur. '~The third : represents thle Barren Fig.tree,. the Tea l Talents,' the Lost Mnoy,'naqd, Dives and Lazarus. '·This was also- presented by ,Major- General; Sir Edward Macarthur; ,The fourth represents the Resculngthe Lamb, the Good Shepherd Rejoiocng,.Go into MyVineyard,. and This is-'ly IHelr.~ This -was presented-by Mr. WVilliam Charles Wentworth. .Ro-entering tho choir on the north alsle 'are, the three ,windows: representing events' before Christ's ministry.:The first,window, represents the Annuociation, thoe Meeting of ?.Mary ,'and Elizabeth,the Birth of the Saviour,' and the Angel:Appearing 'to the, Bhepherds,.- This 'was presentedhby [r., George Macleay; The seodnd represents the,Magi seeing the;: Star, the Journey of the Magi,'the Appearance of thoe. Magl before' HIorod,:and the Adoration oft the Magi. oThis was presented:by Sir Daiiol:cooper. Theothird, represents-the Presentation in the Temple, the Flight into Egytit,thoe Visit to Jerusalem, and Josusrin the Teinmple:L.: This ;was presented:by Mr.' Iienry Osborne... -All ofthesomagnificont windows., are from the, samoemasjufactory, that of.Messrie.JohnHardma:n and Co., of flirmingham,, Thei'costjof.tho threoegreat 'windows hasbiieen already mpentioned.,;:That of ,ther thers.varies from £200 foreoach of the choir windows, north, and:'south,; to '£180, the price of each window,In the nave; 'and £130- for, each?of, tho.,windows under the towers.,;,. , ,,),,,g· r?in j ::i, ,:,, , Macont c, DaAsszs.--Mostlf not-all, of the stained:glass windows aro:Intniided as mutmorials - ;but: beneath:- several: of, them the nameo of the person commemorated also appears- : a a.brass plate attached to the wall, - The stylo inwhich these brabsoses aroe executed Is ofl a highly decorative charaeter, _and in n' 'arbhitoecturalpoint: of.vloew they are unexceptionable; - they; Improve Instead of detracting fromthe geoneral effoct. ?:'h r~,: Sllrsuor's ToDu.-.The effigy .of the !late 3ishop n'.hbisrobes; and a fae.simril of his tomb. In.COntorbury Cathodral (ho, 1having died hilvl on a ,isitto,?land), Iareo in the north oloir., aisie,. 'Theq inscription ont thb tomb lse-' Gur.stnu.a s .GniA'llnovatoTox, .Prieuis': 2.Eisopus ::Sy ednicndis; A 'dulralaise Mldropoli(anst;: :Odi'i'C .xx,: 'Eb. 'u cooccttn; ?A?ai.Lxv,' -. The ?teumbont flguro' l? a very striklng likeness of:tho late Bishop,::. ijTue' Ocooa,?-Thlsa magnificnt instru. ment (the powers of which are not:unknown to the 'publie) is the gift of the ladies'of the diocese, and is placed in a gallery in the south transept. It was built in 1800, by Messrs. Hill and Sons. of London, under tihe direction of Dr. Monk, theo organist of York Minster., It contains 37 stops, and 2374 pipes; and hasr couplers and 7 com* position pedals. The entiro cost, including freight (towards whichA Mr. R.A. TIuut and his family contributed £100), insurance, duty, and charges for erection, has exceeded £2000. It was put together in the colony by Mr. O. J. Jackson, of Sydney, with the aissistanco as architect of Mr. W. II. Nash. The instrument is of the most delicate finish throughout ,The pipe metal is of the superior kind called " spotted" metal. The compass of the manuals I froni CO to A in Alt, fifty.eilght notes; and the compass of pedals, COO to F, thirty. notos ;'the: instru. menthavinglthree manuat; organs and one pedal organ. Each of these is independent of, but may be'connected with the others, for producing suchli qualities of tone.as could not otherwise be obtained; The Goreat Organ, which contains 028 pippes, has the following 'stops :-Bourdon,- 10 feet ; open diRapason (No. 1), 8 feet; open dispason (No. 2), .8 feet; stopped diapason, 8 feet; spits flute, 8 feet; octave, 4 feet; hlarmonil flute, 4foeet; twelfth, f foot; fifteenth, 2 feet, mixture,Si ranks; trumpet, 18 feet; clarion, .4 feet.' I The stops of tlhe Pedal Organ, which has 240 pipes, are, open bass, 10 feet; violone, 10 feet; subbhass, 10 feet; quint, 12feet';rvioloneello, 8 feet; bass flute, 8 feet;: fifteeoonth; 4 feet; and tromblone, 10 feet. r There are 812 pipes in the Swell Organ; wvhicll hlas the following stopsi- Bourdt1h, 10 :feet ;' open ?lapason, 8 feet; stopped diapason, 8 feeoot; cone gamba, 8 feet; octave, 4 feet; fifteenth,; 2'feet;.echo cornet; 5 ranks; oboe,:8 feeoot; horrn, 8 feet; and clarion, '4 feet.' In the Choir Organ, there are 394 pipes and seven stops; lieblich godachlt, 8 feet; dulchiina, 8 feet; pierced gamba, 8 feet; gemshorn, 4 feeoot; lioebliclh flute, 4 feet; flautina, 2 feet; and clarionet, 8 foot. 'The instrument has six couplers: Great organ to pedal'organ, swell to pedal, choir to pedal, swell to great, choir to great, and swell to great (sub-octave). ' There are four composition pedals, for. changing the stops -'of the great and pedal organs' cornm binedand three composition pedals for the swellorgan. Wind is supplied by two large bellows, one of which is used for the pedal organ, the other for the three manuals. The quality of the -tone of all the stops is very fineo.. The hlarmonio-flute, the oboo, and thoe clarlonot, with the trumpet' and clarion of the great organ; are exquisite. ERach of the stops runs through' the entire compass of .the manual, or pedal organ, to which it belongs. .The front pipes are elaborately decorated and tastefully dis. posed.', It stands in a handsome gallery of carved oak,; with two gaseliers of polished brass and other appropriate ornaments. Tacn? Ptcrtr'.-The pulpit was the gift of Mr. i obort Towns, .piroesented in the joint names ofihlmself and Mrs. Towns, their initials appearing accordingly on the panels in front: 1 The carving of the ornaments on these panels, nnd: of the acorns and oak leaves bordering.'tlhe'top, deservo especial mention;. IIt was executed, as was also that on thellintel under the organ,l byMr,.Jolhn Forris, of Little Norton.street. Thecost'bf the pulpit, Imcludiig, the stairs and stone platform, was:,'£270.: : ?iThe 'platform':is fuimed o( a solid block of, Pyrmontu stone, with the sacred monogram carved on the southern face . !Thelpulpit ia reached from the northern sidoebyv winding stidrs, witha ;Farved oak iai ilng. : ,.i. .Tis?. Fosr,.-The font placed-in the north western ,tower opening was erected by the contributions ,(for- the most part i in ', very small sums) of children;~:theo subscriptions being from such, exclusively, as had not yet been oonflrmed., :Around Ithe: rim of, the font are Inscribed, cut in the stone,' the fol. lowing words,:taken.;'partly from! xxxv. Ezekiel 25th. verse,- and:.partly from 2 .orinthians,. 0th:; chapter and :18th' verse : ¶i I will sprinkloe clean water.upon you, and yo shall,be clean ;, and I will be a Father unto you, ,and ye shall be My sons and daughltore.s! :'Andr at the base, oct the front step, is the: following :--' The Offering of the children of' the Diocese." The stone of the basin and capitals (resembling closely Oaen stonie) isfrooc Otago,in New Zealand; and the pillars are of ;rod Australian granite, from Gabo Island. The total cost was £250, Water is supplied to the basin, and removed from it,,by concealed pipesu The fdnt'stands on a :low platform of stoneo,to whlchn access is had from the eastern and; southern sides. All the dotails .of, this baptistery havejboon much admired; Iwhether :viewed from the body oflthe: church or fronim the northern aisle the font is certainly a. most' beautiful object.!, 1. i ! 't £,TrLs, AND MARnnDLE ' FooPno. -. Tlhe elaborate marble :andi oncaustieo? tilo work coveringithte:choir :and\sepoo': within: the commdnhiontralling, with the steps leading thereto; is by the' Mesirs. Pield; of Londoi, executed underitho directionof -[r.:Gilbert 0cott ;n:A. .- The cdst:theroeeoxludirig In* cidontal'bliargos, was; £8071' t 'As: yet'. there are ;no.tiles of; a :similar' character in the nave nnd side ahsles.;'Towards thles beauts ful • ornamentation , tli'e Metropolltanr coni. tributed, from funds at his disposal, the sum ·:t Ba8kT ,zC?.~tou COIn,'; &b.-Tho; ch0or desks, the ceancelli, the oplsdopalthroliei the sedillia; and the vestry'soreoens at the eastorn! extremities of tlioheside alslisnarB all'elabdr ately carvedinAinorican oak, and:iro by'no means the least remarkablo of the decorativeo details' of -this structure. . Prov·islon has beenmado for lighting-tho interlor durig? evening; servico by tweonty gasolfers,' formed of brasiabd- ornamenital Iron work-ill of whlolh(oxept the two'in froit of the organ loft)' are aboutn fifteen feet high. "r Of. these' gas standards thiere are six. lin .the navoie six in the choir, two in the vestry sprooeens, two It th6 tower oponfigl'a;indtwo I n Ithoe tran septs,',lThle corbels, hliooded' mouldings;, and other more liddiponsable b6rnaierits, are not uanworthy of the odlifiE" '7ho rafters of thb wooden. roof; aroe pikod bout -n n' different colours, the intervenng'spaces being painted blue, witli gildod stars.: Thi ornamentation of ithis, thoe mali 'roof, and Ina: similar treat. ment of the roof of i the side alsales has beoon a great ihl)rovenient upon tihe origInal- plan. AOcess is,'had to:the i nterior by four prin. olpid doorways ;-oin Id:the western front, lacing York.stroeet i oneo at the 'end of the north,:transopt;i onoe at thb 'south.weostern cornerof the narvb; iod one at the extromity of the sduth transeopt under the organv i - -1 ?hV onersEc Es R?wyn.,-The Iforeman:iof thoi joiners 'Is iMr.lL .' II. HUtadson,. In addition to Mr. rerrie, the following carvers havo bIn employed in the building- Messrs. Hodgkin, Sanderson, Morris, Cun ningham, Quill, Ward and Son, Tinkler, BIand, and Bernasconi; and the following joiners. Messrs. Moss, Bretnall, Sanbrook, Thackeray, Thursby, Thomas, and Robinson, The mason executing the work on the font, the pillar shafts excepted, was Mr. Benjamin Brain; and the carving of the stone bosses, and names on the nave and choir pillars, was by Mr. Isaac Brown. The eagle in the choir was carved by Mr. William 1lodgkin. son, and was the gift of Mr. Rdward Oram. The carved tpillar Csupporting the eagle, serving asea letern, was supplied by Mr. HIudson. 