7^otnESASf'stisroi-; ~r . The Synod of tlie Church of England opened its ann^al-seamon on Monday, ft&y; 18; At 'half-past 11 -o'clock in. the morning the niem bersnietatTrMty Church, where His Lord ship titie Bishop, 12cleigvmei4andl81aymen,re ? ceived the Holy Oommnnion. This concluded. His Lordship the BISHOP delivered his pastoral address, as follows: — ' ' .; ... 'Bev. and Dear Brethren— The subjects which Invite, attention at this our annual Synod of the Diocese naturally arrange themselves . into two classes—those which concern the spirit and essence of religion and such as relate to the organization or work of the Church as a whole, or in ite several parts— National, Ero vinciali Dloce&n;, and Congregational. Here, after the service in which we have engaged, I ; wonld confine my TemarfcB to the former class, reserving ecclesiastical matters to our business jneeiang in another place. * : ''During the interval which has occurred since Jiastaddressed you in f Synod the principal ' .subjects which have occupied the minds of Churchmen in relation to ^Spiritual Religion, -are Neologian Rationalism in Science and Biblical Criticism, Ritualism, Doctrinal, and Esthetic ' $ ' 'and, finally, outward manifestation of fellowship in the Gospel which led to the Lambeth Conference of Bbhops trf rthe - Angli can' portion of the Univeraal'Ob^ . ;: . .\ ' I find less uneasiness prevailing in regard to the progress of scientific enquiry (whether in or Biblical criticism); ' A closer study of the text of Scripture has in many cases modified or corrected traditionary ideas of sacred history and theological interpretations. Supposed dif ficulties have been removed, and the conviction strengthened that as the Scriptures which fur nish the' inspired rule of spiritual life, and the order of nature proceeded from the same divine wisdom, they cannot be at variance. Theolo gians, therefore, as well as men of, science, are content to wait for maturer knowledge, hased upon accumulated observations, instead of pro pounding or confuting cosmical -theories on insufficient data. : Oh the other hand, 'the ex- quisite adaptations of organised creatures to the material -world around them, as well as the pro gressive genesis 'and laws of that world, have been so traced out in the earth beneath our feet, as well as the heavens above us, that on the plainest evidences of intention and will, which are the attributes of a Personal Being (not a mere plastic force), it is irresistibly con cluded that he must be fool indeed who says, even in his heart, 'there is no God.' And mira cles,as the proper evidences of personal commu nication from the Author of Nature to his intelli gent creatures, come to appear as natural and reasonable as the sequence of natural events, ; which they interrupt; for in 'no other way could the Ruler of the Universe manifest His presence, or declare His -will so unmistakeably for the instruction- or correction of mankind. 'Worship, therefore, that is, ' prayer and suppli cation. with thanksgiving,' follow in due order, as the reasonable service of man to his 'Maker. Theology thus owes its obligations to science, not as discovering truths taught us by the inspired Word of God, but by supplying evidences from the material world in accordance with 'those teachings. ' If the aspect of scientific enquiry has become less antagonistic to revealed religion,' neither has ethnology, nor the study of languages, nor geographical exploration, nor antiquarian research in Egypt, Asia, or Europe dons more than contribute facts confirmatory of the recent appearance and history of man upon this earth. 'It may well, then, excite the shame and regret of Churchmen that no legal tribunal has yet been found to try one whom iis compro -vinciai Bishops and, the Pan-Anglican Epfsco-i pate, as well as -Presbyters in -their several con vocations, have charged with fatal heresy, and with teaching contrary to the formularies of the Church of which he professes to be a Bishop. 'Much as may be urged in favor of the great principle laid down hy Gamaliel in the Sanhe drim^* Now I say iiirio yon, refrain from these men, and let them alone ; -for if this counsel; or ? workl-eof men it will come to nought; but if it he of God ye cannot overthrow- it? = ? !Yiet to what end is the Civil Magistrate acknowledged by members of the Church of England: to have \- -the prerogative of ruling the State Ecclesiastical as well as temporal; if a chief pastor consecrated on the nomination of the Crown may jwith.im punity teach doctrines alleged to be contrary to tiie truth of Holy Scripture, and wound the consciences of weaker brethren? / Such is the spectacle afforded to tbe world of a legal but effete supremacy as regards some of the colonial Churches. ' The heresy which asserts, in teeth! of 284 direct devotional addresses -or ascriptions of glory in the Book of Common Prayer and Offices to our Lord Jesus Christ, 'that the whole spirit and the general practice of .our Liturgy manifestly tend to discourage such wor \- ehip and prayer,-5 and denies that it is 'based on any Scriptural or Apostolical authority,' might \- surely claim some remedial -legislation, if need' were, to establish a legal tribunal for its £riaL . ? ; - ' Contrasted, however, with this indifference,7 we cannot but remark flie outburst of feeling which hafishown itself both in and out of Par liament against certain -ritualistic innovations. ?-l Having watehed'jthe progress of this revival of forms apparently obsolete, I have endeavored to discover the principles on which its advocates, rest -their case, and I sha'i bow lay before you as succinctly -sis I can the grounds on which, in my humble judgment, the Ritualistic ' clergy have neither law nor Scripture on their side. ' Let me remark, in the first place, thatthere are two principles which underlie this revival of a more ornate ritual One is the * sense of beauty, and its elevating effect on the human mind; the other a mystic doctrine an relation, to the Eucharist. ' The former appeals to the Hebrew ritual and the splendid garments of the Aaronic priesthood, well suited, no doubt, to a sensuous people and a semi-idolatrous age ; but . with more earnest minds -Ritualism .is only valued as it symbolises and teaches simplicity certain dogmatic views. 'With regard to the former principle, while we all unite in- deprecating that which is mean and slovenly in the structure or service of the sanctuary, yet I believe the sober devotional spirit of the Anglican worshipper is well satisfied with the simple ; but. dignified forms and vest ments which have now been in use from the reigns of 'Edward TL and Elizabeth ; a more scenic service detracts. from rather than en hances the worehip of the spirit andthe under standing. 'I pass therefore to, doctrinal Bitualism, which is really the object at present: of legal or legislative -consideration. It : is designed, then, - to represent the ministering Presbyter in the character of a sacrificing priest ; not offer ing with his people ' the sacrifice of praise to God, that is the fruit of their, lips, giving thanks to His name;' bat offering for. them to the Father 'Christ crucified on their behalf. : ? : (Hebrews ariii. 15.) It claims for ithe minister \- ? ing priest that he represents on earth the \- ? Great* High Priest in Heaven, who by one Sacrifice perfected forever them that are being sanctified; That sacrifice Hie indeed ever 'pre cents' before the throne of giace ; . but the Ritualist, not content to ' commemorate,? * plead' and ? appropriate' its 'innumerable benefits,' deems himself to 'present' and 'offer' that \- sacrifice at the Lord's altar-table on behalf xrf his; people militant upon earth. He intends, -? indeed, no repetition of the one sacrifice at Cal varyi but still lie claims to 'offer' rather than ?« commemorate', Christ's precious. -leath on the cross. He intrudes Mmself, therefore, as a necessary .mediator betwixt Christ and his -'--? worshippers -at the Lord's table- That Ordi nance is no longer solely -''.©T.nc1iie!fty;ib.e com mnmon of- the body and . blood of Ohrist; but ; becomes a propitiatory oblation7 on 'ihe Lord's ; ' ''altar.' . . . .,' '';.''' ~ _ . . ' The train of reasoning isrhich leads the Bitaalisijs- to this conclusion is based on the literal interpretation of ' This is my body and this is my blood.' It is asserted that by neces sary concomitance, where the body is or the blood of Christ, there His whole Person, as God and 'Man, 'never to be divided' is present also. He is to be adored, therefore, 'under the figures of bread and wins,' and has being truly * present' with his body broken, and' blood poured out, he is truly offered along with them. '' This doctrine requires us to believe that in the bread which our Lord brake and gave -to His Apostles at the last supper, and in the fiuit of the vine which He bade them drink, He gave Himself, with His own hands, as the, whole God-man, to be. a sacrifice for, as well as the food of, their souls. 'The Anglican doctrine, as stated in the Homily, concerning the Sacrament is not soi _It is that there is 'no untrue figure of a thing absent'— that the 'inward pait or thing signi fied' by the outward element, that is, 'the body and the blood of Christ,' are, as the 28th Article expresses it, 'given, taken, and eaten in the Supper, only after a heavenly and , spiritual manner.' ['It is. well known,' saith Cyprian (the Homily goes on), 'that the meat weseek tor in the Supper is spiritual food, a ghostly substance, not camaL'l , This iB.that ^^discern ing' of the Lord's body 'of which St. Paul speaks ; and, as the wise Hooker explains it, the Eucharist conveys to the faithful recipient * all such saving, grace as Christ's sacrificed body can yield,' and this is to such and in them HiB *body.' . .-._:' 'It has heen said, however, by a Ritualist writer, that this view of the ' Sacramental pre sence of Christ's body and blood' makes the greatest possible demand on our faith. Be it so. 'Still, that faith is not tainted with Rationalism, either dogmatic or sceptical It does not intrude into that which it has not. seen. It accepts without questioning the * severance' which our Lord, in His own words of institution, seems to make between His adorable self and the separate elements of His human ' nature, namely, His body and His blood. Without questioning, also, it receives the, personal union of the divine and human natures in Christ, ' indivisibly and without confusion,' when the Only Begotten, was conceived by the power - of the Highest. But to take ; on Him the likeness of man, who was created in God's image, and to make: Himself locally present in ' bread and wine,' is another. ?. The latter assump tion, however, is essential to the idea of 'sacii fice^'and on it the Ritualist takes his stand.' For the_ same purpose, but equally, without -foundation in fact, the table of devils, at which the heathen, sat down and feasted iuthe.ido' temples of Corinth, is assumed to be the ' altarl at which the sacrifice was offered. In the Temple at Jerusalem, * (he holy place in the Court of the Tabernacle of the Congregation,' beside the 'altar,' where the meat-offering was consumed, cannot, be identified with the ' altar1 itself on which the blood of the sacrifice was sprinkled. In like manner the altar of the Cross at Calvary, and. on which Christ's blood was shed, aud the new tomb on which His body was laid, 'typically 'Consumed as the whole burnt offering by, fire, were distinct. The Passover lamb,, of which none was left until the morning, and its blood sprinkled on the doorposts, cannot be confounded. The table of shewbread is, indeed, called the 'altar' by EzeMel and Malachi, bat in that : offering of ' thanksgiving? ttere, was no propitiatory sacrifice, as in sin offerings of blood £ yet this idea is the essence of the Somish; Sacrifice of the Mass, and ap parently of E-itualistic 'oblation.' St. Paul has abstained from using the word altar when speaking of the Lord's table and supper. - The like reserve -by our reformers in the communion office shows their anxiety to eliminate error, while securing the true grace of the sacrament itself. .... /; I.' .-.?..?'? 'The Bituansts do not indeed speak as the Catttchisni of Trent speaks' of 'immolating .the -victim Christ,' 'offering a true propitiatory ^sacrifice,' * TnaJring satisfaction to God for sin,' and so 'meriting all the fruits bf the Lord's passion ; ' yet by vestments, and lighted tapers, and incense, and genuflexion, they imply a doc trine apparently- identical in purport with the sacrifice of the mass ; and this it was the first step in the English Reformation to set aside by changing the canon of the mass into the office of holy communion.' ' . ? 'Apart from these considerations— that is, its departure from the -spirit of the Anglican office, and its rationalistic interpretation of the words of Christ's institution— Ritualism seems practi cally to .'obscure, the mission and work of the Comforter. . By the daily ministering the sacri fice of the altar there seeinB to be made, as under the Mosaic covenant, the remembrance of «ins, instead of purging the conscience and per fecting tor ever them that are being 'sanctified. There is a bringing back the 'bondage of fear,' and putting into subjection to human mediating priests (compassed about with sin and infirmity) the penitent believer. Accordingly sacramentil confession is enforced as obligatory before ifi ceivinglioly communion, and the ordeal of the confessional required instead of the comfort offered to an uneasy conscience by volun tarily opening its grief, and: receiving, if desired, the benefit of absolution.' Xn such a system, then, there is nothing in spirit, like entering boldly into the holiest by the blood of Jesus. Indesd, the idea of absolution, seems to swallow up and put . out of . sight the duty and power of sanctification. We miss, too, tha faith like^that of the centurion in the superlocal divine energy of Christ to heal and save even from Heaven, His dwelling-place. Bitualism requires that He should be materially (so far as a spiritual 'body is material) and locally^present under each of the elem-nts sepa rately— the bread and wine of the Eucharist. No transubstantiation of the elements' or con substantiation with Christ is affirmed; yet, as the figure is in the Ritualistic system linked ^in- dissolubly with the * thing signified,' there is a tendency at least towards worshipping the visible' elements as well as the unseen Christ, who under them is said to be present. On these grounds we are then, we feel, compelled to refuse this doctrine as grounded on no warrant of Scripture. But while we speak the. truth, we would do so ir love, and pray the Holy Spirit to lead us and all others into a right Judg ment in these matters. He will g^iide us into all truth, so that while with mutual forbearance we give liberty to private opinion upon', this great mystery, we must firmly insist that the peace 'of our Church shall not be disturbed by stepping beyond the prudent reserve of our Be-, formers, who, while maintaining the verity and reality of the spiritual presence of Christ's body and blood in the Sacrament,' are silent as to the doctrine of concomitancy, and purposely omitted the terms 'altar,' 'victim,' and 'immolation.' To them the Eucharist was a holy feast. upon, the sacrifice offered on the -cross, the spiritual food of the soul ; it was the sacrament of abso lution, the pledge and means of Christian fel lowship. These truths are scriptural and in-' eontrovertible. Let us hold them; fast, and build up. ourselves in the faith and love of ; Christ by more frequent and devouter . solemni zation of this -?* preaching of Christ' and His cross, which He Himself ordained. \- ' While thus endeavoring, according to the measure of judgment which Christ has given me, to preserve the nock committed to my charge from the Galatian error of seekingtobe perfected by the letter, when we have begun in the spirit, I must advert tor a moment to a similar formal error in regard to the other sacrament of bap tism. It seems almost an outrage on the spiri tual teaching of the Redeemer to insist, on 'immersion of the whole body ' as essential to the validity of the rite. The chief advocate of this opinion, and of a new unauthorised version of the New Testament, admits that if in one. case only immersion would be inapplicable as the equivalent of ' baptism ' the argument for its necessity fails. Such a case occurs in Mark , vii 4. The * washing' or baptism of cups, and pots, and brazen vessels may be their * immer sion,' bnt neither ' tables,' nor ' beds,' or rather 'eofas,? 'couches,' 'divans' can well be con ceived to have been 'immersed ' rather than ' washed ' by pouring on of water. Nor can it be shown that every Jew 'immersed his whole body' whenever he returned from the 'market.' Our . Saviour ' (Luke .sdL. 38) certainly did not so 'immerse Himself, and the Pharisee— His Host— was' surprised,- not at that omission, but that He sat down to meat with 'nnwashen hands.' This, probably,.. was done by Him of purpose. 'To eat with, anwashen. hands,' He said, ' de fileth not a man.' He reproved Pharisaic formality, which was beiag more . particular about outward than inward purity.; for; the custom of the Israelites from, old time was to wash.'ihe handswith water. 'poured upon them.' ; even as Elisha (2 Kings iiL 10) 'poured : water oh the hands of Elijah.! Moreover, the whole, nation of the Jsraelites was not 'immersed? in the clbM or the se*,* which ^heywent^hTongh: . on dry land, and yet were baptised into the Mosaic covenant. The blood of all the sacrifices typical of Christ's atonement was 'sprinkled' on the altar. It seems, therefore, to outdo even Pharisaic formality to object to pouring or sprinkling of water in baptism as typical of the cleansing work of the Spirit of the heart. Again the Apostles were not ' immersed ' when bap tised with the Holy Ghost and with fire.' A cloven tongue of name sat. on each of the disciples. I notice these things with much. . disinclination, but am compelled to break silence by the exigencies of the times. . . 'In. like manner, I would not have you igno : rant, brethren, -concerning the Apostolic autho rity of Episcopal government in the Church of Christ, as if there were want of Scriptural wit ness to it. - Historically it reBts precisely on the same external -evidence as the genuineness of the Scriptures themselves. We receive these, in ' the first instance, on the witness of the Aposto lic Churches, who were severally the keepers of. the Gospels, Epistles, and Apocalypse. All these Chinches were undoubtedly under Epis copal government before the death of St. John ; we must therefore either suppose the Apostles to have allowed an unauthorised transition from Presbyterianism.to Episcopacy to have grown up unchecked, or that for the. perpetuity and better government of the Church they directed the appointment of such an order in the minis try. Even before the dispersion of the Twelve Apostles from Jerusalem on the great persecu tion of Herod, the oversight and presidency of the Church at Jerusalem had been committed to James, the brother of our Lord. The voice of all early tradition declares him not to have been one of the Twelve, but in the. true sense of the word a Christian bishop. Without insisting on the ministry of Archippus of Colosse or the Apostle ship of Epaphras of Philippi, there can be no reasonable doubt that the powers of governing .. imd . regulating Churches, as well as ordaining Presbyters and Deacons and of excommunicating heretics, was committed by St. Paul to Timothy and Titus. To say that these powers were merely temporarily given to them is pure con jecture in the case of Titus, and is evidently ?; refuted by the context in the case of Timothy, for it was because of St. Paul's own approaching martyrdom that he solemnly charges him ' to. reprove, rebuke, and exhort with all longsuffer ing and doctrine.' For the time was coming, . he said (that is, after his death), when men * would not endure sound doctrine,' but would 'heap to themselves teachers having itching ears, and should turn away their ears from the truth.' That surely was no time to withdraw (except for a season) a chief minister from Ephesus, whom the Apostle himself had placed there, 'to charge some that they should teach no other doctrine? than that they had received from .the Apost'es. Passing' onward to the close of the century we find that each of the seven Churches of. Ada had its * Angel,' to whom St. John is bidden to -write a letter con cerning the- state of his Church. And to' remove all doubt as to the human character of these 'Angels,' the manuscripts of best authority make the false prophetess Jezebel to be the vni e of him of Thyatira, whois reproved , for suffering her false teaching and impure life. ^'The letter of Clement, written to the Corinthian Church before the death of St. John, directly asserts' that the Apostles them selves constituted overseers or elders, and foreknowing that there would be contention , abont this dignity, committed to. other (ellogimo) selected men the power to appoint them.' Such selected men were Timothy and Titus, to whom the 'Apostle' Paul gave,the charge of 'ordaining Elders/9 Insisting also, on the continuity of the Church under the .Old and. New Covenants, Clement cites, he distinct duties of the High Priest— the Priests and Levites — as an example I to the Corinthian Church, and to repress their \- insubordinate spirit in 'deposing their Presbyters. We have further the direct assertion of Ter tullian, confirmed by Clement of, Alexandria both writers in the second century after Christ — that in the East ' St. John was the chief. creator of Bishops;' at Borne Clements was appointed by St. Peter. Comparing, then, the Pastoral Epistles of St. Paul with the opening chapters of the Revelation, and the latter with ihe letters of Ignatius of Antiocli, Bishop of Syria, A.D. 107, we see how in the latter half of the first century the Episcopal form of Church government was accepted by the whole Chris-. , -tian world, and freely spoken of by' leading . Christian writers as a - matter of Divine institu tion. Could, we may ask, any thing short of \- : Apostolic authority have thus completed the organization of the whole Catholic and Apos tolic Church. The Bishopric of James was in stituted by the Twelve at' Jerusalem, that. of. Titus in Crete, and Timothy at Ephesus; by St.: Paul, of Clement at Borne, and Mark at Alex-i andria by Si. 'Peter; those of the Seven' Churches of Asia by St. . John, of whom was Polycarp. of Smyrna, and probably afterwards Ignatius at Antioch. It is possible, of course, to shut the eyes to these facts, resting on the best historic authority, and so ignoring contem porary testimony, to argue on the yet undefined terminology, of the primitive Church in respect to its ministry. But such reasoning is as incon clusive as to deny that Augustus was 'Emperor' of Borne because Julius Caesar and other Generals were saluted 'Iinperators' by their soldiery. . ' In these days when every doctrine, usage, and institution is -thrown into the crucible of individual opinion, I may be excused for call ing your attention to historic authority and the facts to which it bears witness. If we are to * prove ' all things, let us also hold fast those things, which an experience of 1,800 years in the Chnrch has found to be good. I would not have you ignorant, brethren, of the Scriptural principles of your Church government anymore than of its dogmatic teaching. If . unity and order are ever to be restored to Christendom at large, it must be by standing on,' or returning to the old paths —holding to the faith and Church order once deliver to the saints. Such is un doubtedly the principle and the standard of our Anglican Church. Only let us in faith and charity maintain her prin ciples; and it may yet be granted to her to be the centre of Christian fellow ship (without claiming dominion, over their faith) to a1! those bodies which have maintained or asserted their independence of the Roman Pontiff. She may in the Providence of God be made the instrument whereby the Greco-Russian Church shall, through the free circulation of the Scriptures and friendly intercourse, return to its primitive simplicity in the Gospel, and build up again the fallen and degraded Churches of the East. If such shall be one result in time to come of the late Lambeth Conference of the Anglican Churches, it will be a signal token of the Divine blessing resting on that wise and conciliatory gathering; whereby the unity of spirit and fellowship in the Gospel pervading the English, Irish, Scottish, American,; Cana dian, and Colonial reformed branches of the Catholic and Apostolic Church was placed before the world in a conspicuous light, and so far a return made towards the visible unity of the Church, such as* existed before its, divine organization was linked and trammelled- with the civil institutions of the Roman Empire.' At 3 o'clock the members met at the Church Office, Leigh-street, and the proceedings having been opened with prayer, the clergymen and laymen signed the usual declaration. . THE JtOLL. The roll as signed was as follows — Holy Trinity, Adelaide— The Yery Bev, the .Dean, Bev. Richardson Beid, and Messrs. HI H. Turton and S. Toms. : ? Christchurch, North Adelaide— Yen. ' Arch' deacon Woodcock, Rev. W. W. Ewbank, and Messrs. F. Sanderson, Jas. Bath, W. A. Hughes, and G. Young. . . ' : Sr. Luke's, Adelaide— Bey. Jas. Pollitt, and Messrs. W. T. Cooper/ J. & Hawthorn. andJ. W. BulL St. Paul's, Adelaide— Bev. H. Hewitt, and Messrs. N. Blyth, Jos. Thbrnley, W. S. Mpppfy and William Mullett. ,' .. . T '''';.., St. Paul's, Port Adelaide— Rev. G&aon;' Marryat. '????'.''.' St. John's, Adelaide— Bev. D. J. H. IbbeV 45on, and Messrs. A Spence, Jos. Pritchard, W.' C. Garter, and H. Pape. : r r, . . St. Barthplomew's, Norwood— B«v.'D. J;*H. Ibbetson, and Messrs.. A. Birrell and S. ^lerry. , All Saiuts, Hindinarsh — Bey. F. tWratt. St. Andreirfs, Walkerville— Messrs. U B, Young and J. Acraman. . . . . ' \- St. Matthew^rKensington— Bev.- E. Jenkins, Major Warburton, and Mr. E. Meredith. St. George's, Woodforde— Bev. T. R. Neville, and Mr. H. Mottrajm. St. Michael's, Mitchain— Rev. W. B. Andrews and Mr. W.W. Blyth, St. Saviour's, Glen Osmond — Mr. N.-Oldham. St. Mary's, South-road— Rev. A. Honner and Dr. Burton. Christchurch, O'Halloran Hill— Bev. A. Honner and Mr. F. Wicksteed. St. Peter's, Glenelg— Bey. Thos. Field, and Messrs. JiC Dunn and R. B. Colley. ?'??-' St. Jude's, Brighton-Eev. Thos. Field. St. Philip's and St James's, Noarlungk— Mr. B. D. Bosworth. St. Stephen's, Willunga— Net represented. St. James's, BlaMston- Bev. B. T. Craig, and Mr. B. Gray. Christchurch, Mount Barker — Rev. B. T. Craig and Mr. F. Smith. St. Thomas's, Balhannah — Bev. B. T. Craig. .'''';' . - St. George's, Gawler— Rev. Canon Coombs, and Mr. T. O. Jones. Christchurch, Kapunda— Bey. J. T. Smyth, and Mr. Jas. Huggins. St. Barnabas's, Clare— Not represented. St. Mary's, Kooringa— Mr. J. WinnalL St. Margaret's, Woodville — Bev. B. M. Pollitt, and Messrs. G. E. DeMole, andH.D. Cruttenden. St. Jude's, Port Elliot-^Not represented. St. Thomas's, Port Lincoln ;— Not repre sented. ' ?' '?'?'?? St. John's, Mount Pleasant- Bey. W. A Clayfield, and Messrs L. W. Thrupp and J. Pbillis. sen. St. Peter's, Bobe Town— Mr. W. S. Douglas. St. Mary's, Wallaroo/, .Christchurch, Gam bierton ; Sbuth-Eastern. Mission ; Barossa Mis sion; Tankalilla Mission ; Holy Trinity, Biver tbn; Holy Trinity, Lyadoch; St. Thomas', Pewsey Yale; and St. Peter's, WiUiamstown ; not represented. St. Peter's Collegiate School-^Revs. Canon FarrandF. Williams. BEPOBT ON THE DIOCESE. His Lobdshtp then read his report on the state of the diocese. It was as follows : — ~' Having addressed you this morning on the doctrinal subjects which concern the inner life of the Church, I now invite your attention to the state. and progress of tha diocese in its parochial or congregational organization. You are well aware how heavily the dispensation of Providence has fallen upon the Clergy, in ' the death of four within a very short pe iod— the Bevs. Needham, D. Williams, Titherington, and still more recently Mr. Simmons, of Salis bury. At the Bame time the health of the Yen. Archdeacon Woodcock has become so impaired as to confine him to his bed-room ; while a temporary absence in England has been rendered imperative on Mr. Russell, for medical advice on behalf- of his wife. Under these afflictive and in some degree unexpected events, it became of prime importance to fill the vacant cures, though at the cost of suspend-; ing those occasional missionary visits which are so effective and so needed in the outlying rural townships and hamlets. The extent of territory overspread by pur agricultural popula tion is so large, the number of residents in any given place so small, comparatively - speakings that the parochial incumbency system of Eng land fails to be practicable. Lay readers be come a necessity to keep up the ordinances of religion; but even so,- unless thev are subordi nated to a visiting ordained minister, their aer- ?' vices gradually cease to be grateful to the mem bers, of our Church. . My great difficulty under (he late removal by death of so many clergy, has 'been how. to supply, such regular missionary visits ; and the difficulty still presses upon me with exceeding weight and serious ness. ' By. the 18th Fundamental Provision, the spiritual care of the members of our Church not residing in any parish is. to be provided for by means of ordained missionaries or laypersons specially licensed by the Bishop thereto. The employment of missionary clergy or catechists in places' not included in parochial incum bencies is here clearly indicated. In , order to establish such agency in those vast colonies which now form the United States of America, the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel was incorporated, and such was the pri mary charge upon its funds. ?- In. like man ner when that Society received ; dona tions in land and money for the benefit of the members -of our Church in South Australia, it was for like purposes and |on the luce trusts as formed the object of the original charter. Although something has been donein this respect, I am hardly satisfied that a due proportion of the 'income administered by its attorneys has been devoUd to this purpose, or that theme.bbers of the Church beyond the pre cincts of parochial incumbencies have been suffi ciently cared for. The returns laid before Synod of -the' distribution of the Leigh Fuiid will place this matter in a clear light ; and I call at tention 'of Synod to it because the western coast, Yorke's Peninsula, the country north and west' of Port Augusta,, the banks of the Mur ray, the.Tatiara and Penola districts, are' left without spiritual care;' and as Synod has in cluded this subject in its fundamental pro visions, it is natural for it 'to enquire how far it has been carried out. Since my return from Eng land iriy time has been principally occupied in visiting and confirming in the various churches; in 35; of which I have officiated on the Lord's Day in a less number of weeks.' The candidates already presented for confirmation exceed 400, and there yet remain several churches where' some are waiting for the rite. It has been gra tifying' to me to mark the evident seriousness of those who have presented themselves, indi cating,'! would hope, a blessing vouchsafed; to the pains taken by the clergy in their instruc tion and training. So very large a proportion of the whole number having voluntarily partaken of. Holy Communion afterwards, affords an other ground for hoping that serious impres sions in these young persons just entering on the career of life have been fostered and ma tured. '' The reports and statistics which have been laid upon the table, emanating from the Stand ing Committee and its Sub-Committees, relieve me from the. necessity, of going over the topics so ably treated in. them. I think when the whole financial' position of the diocese, as dis tinct from the congregations, is fully lunder stood, and the appropriation Of the general funds of the Church once felt to be both wise and equitable, the working expenses ofSynod will be provided by voluntary rating among the congregations. At present thete is a lurking suspicion in the more distant parts of the diocese that much larger funds are at the dis posal of the central authorities than really is the case'; and 'that in the daily distribution the wants of the country'congregations.are not sup plied in fair jroportions. I do' not think such suspicion justified ; T-ut care should be taken to obviate any such feeling, which undermines the character and usefulness of this Synod as the representative body of the various Churches. 'During toy absence I find two Churches have sprung np by the voluntary and unaided efforts of zealous members of our Church at Aldinga and Goolwa ; while several others have been finished and furnished in more complete manner — Noarlunga, Lyndpch, Mount Gambier, Salisbury, Yankalilla, Kadina, and Aubu n. Others are being enlarged, or are on the eve of being commenced, namely — at Willunga and Port Augusta. There is, indeed -and 1 cannot much blame bar people for it—pa great reluc tance to incur heavy debts and personal, liabilities beyond their _ ability to discharge. Our system may be too rigid in this respect for. great show or rapid progress; but we have the1 satisfaction at least of knowing .that the 'in debtedness' of 'the Churches is very small; indeed— in most cases none at aH;' consequently, ' that there is ample room for increased liberality. The real retardation, however, of church build ing and ingathering of worshippers has been the unprecedented loss of clergy 1-y death or siefc aeSBl j consider myself fortunate, well knowing the demand .now niade in England for increased numbers of educated clergy, that I was able to secure the assistance of no less than six — the Rev. Messrs. L. Smith, H. Read, A. Honner, &B; Webb, F. S. Poole (who will shortly be ordained Deacon), and lastly, of the Rev. W. Scott, a student of St. Augustine's, who has been ordained for this diocese by the' Bishop of Oxford, and who is now on Ms way hither. A ' -sumjio-less.tnan_£550_.wi]l have been.exnended on their passages to this country ; and, after al] the delay and difficulty of setting 'the right man in the right place,' the want seems ever to be enlarging, and ihe gaps never to be filled up. At this present time Narracoorte and Penola, Salisbury, Strathalbyn, Yankalilla, Wellington, Macclesfield, Echunga, want either incumbent or missionary. visiting clergy. We need also a system of clerical education, whereby serious minded and. talented young men of the colony maybe fittedfor the sacred ministry. I rejoice to say there, is an evident tendency in this direction, and I earnestly long for the means whereby, separated from all secular callings, they may be able for a time to devote themselves to the study of theology, under regularly appointed teachers ; and at the same time make themselves useful &% lay readers. It is obvious that if in some cases their private resources may avail in part to their support during one or two years ,pf study, still the Church ought to make pro ?'vision for their assistance and encouragement, providing them at least with board, lodging, and teaching for their work's sake. We have a capitular body ; and I always looked forward in the institution of the chapter to the time when some of its members Would give lectures to can didates for Holy 'Orders in the exposition of Scripture, Ecclesiastical History, and the original languages of the Old and New Testament. That there will be some competent and willing to en gage in this work, I have little doubt, to the great advantage of our Church, and to their own advance in Scriptural and theological learn ing. Nor do r see anything in the trust purposes of the property administered by -the Attorneys of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel Fund which should prevent an appropriation of the income for such theological student cate chists: - ? .--?'' : 'And here I am reminded that -while we :have had for some time ah incorporated and paid chapter we have no cathedral church where they have legal right of entry to perform the services to which they are obliged by the trusts of. their incorporation. ' Rightly or wrongly I know not, but I have purposely delayed commencing such a work until the parochial and missionary organization of the diocese had to a considerable extent been established. By God's blessing that has been to some extent effected ; not sufficiently, I admit, in its missionary aspect, but stWl the basis has been laid on which to extend home missionary operations. Our Synod has consolidated itself on the basis of compact, and possesses, I believe, to a considerable degree the confidence and respect bf the general bo.fy of churchmen. Means may perhaps be devised to give it still more extensive influence and useful ness. The Collegiate School has attained the first rank in the educational establishments of the colonies, and from the results witnessed every day in college boys who have gone to England, I am bold to say that the foundations of a good English, commercial, modern lan guage, classical, and mathematical education are as well if not better laid in that institution than in others far more widely known to fame in the mother country. The moderate endow ment of our churches is steadily going forward. Our missions to the aborigines, and the Melanesians are : sustained effectually, yet ' without observation,' maintained on the grounds of religious duty and Christian charity. The Dean and Chapter, as I have said before, are incorporated and endowed. A Widow and Orphan Fund for the Clergy has been instituted, and is prospering. The endow ment of the See and See House are suf ficient and secure. Should any unforeseen event cut short my tenure of office I have provided that the Dean and Chapter shall be, vacante seda, my executors, as far as Church property and trusts are concerned. The one work therefore which yet remains forme to in augurate is a Cathedral. I may not live to see it completed. I may at least be permitted to provide, like David, the plan and .materials, even should another enter into my labors. ' It is indisputable, I think, that the Bishop of the Diocese should, not be the only clergy man in it without a legal right to occupy con tinuously one pulpit, from which he can preach the Gospel as he is bound by his consecration. Yet the exclusion of the late Bishop of Tas mania by the Incumbent of St. David's, Hobatt Town, and of the Bishop of Sydney by the Incumbent of St. Andrews, nay, still more recently, of the whole Pan- Anglican' Episcopate (Archbishop of Canterbury and Bishop of London included), from Westminster Abbey and St. Paul's, would Tender me very unwilling to try before the Civil Cour t. the legal right which custom and ecclesiastical principles give to the Bishop of occupying any and every pulpit of his diocese in turn. Personally I have ever' found the . utmost1 readiness to receive my epis copal ministrations, but still I have been re minded that the slightest interference with the legal mode of conducting the service is beyond my province, and trenches upon the rights of the incumbent presbyter. The time, then, has, I think, come when I may put my hand to this work without incurring the charge of inter fering prematurely with the parochial organi zation of the city of Adelaide. On the 29th of June I shall have filled— how inadequately, God knows -the See of Adelaide for 2L years. On the '28th of December, if I live to see the close of this present year, I -shall have been a resident colonist of 21 years' standing. I shall hope, then, D.Y., to lay the first stone of the cathedral on the latter day; and I trust it may be with abundant thanksgivings for a plentiful harvest. 'After much thought,' and on many con siderations with respect to the means of supply ing the daily and Sabbath services of such a building, as well as the tendency of the popu lation within the ample verge of the city, a site on property belonging to the See at tha entrance of North Adelaide, fronting the Park Lands, and at the corner of John-street, has been selected. ' South Adelaide: already possesses four Parochial Churches. A second Church will in a year or two be needed for the members of the Church in North Adelaide, east ~ of O'Connell-street, and Irish Town, Hack ney, - and other ? suburban j dwelling places.. Easily accessible by the Fronie Ford as well as the Morphett-street Bridge, it is equi distant from the Post-Office,' and the northern boundary of North Adelaide itself, -within an easy walk of Government House, it will be readily accessible for any public occasions or festivals connected with our Church. The front will form a noble vista from King Wil liam-street. ?? ? ? . ' ' With regard to building funds, a sum of £2,500 contributed originally by - private friends on my advancementto the See, thenadded to by the -Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge and the late William Allen, has grown by careful management to ah amount which will exceed £T,000 in the early part of next year. Promised subscriptions will raise the amount to above £8,000. Is it too much to ask or expect from the diocese an dditional sum of £4,000 ? For such, a sum a stately though simple Church might be built, capable of holding 1,000 persons, if, at least, ornamentation be subordi nated to size and proportion, and if we leave enrichment to 'those who shall Come after us. In days of scepticism, .and carelessness; I am persuaded that ii is. good for those who believe in jiod and Christ to show and act out their belief by some outward work for His glory— a work which demands energy, patience, self-denial, perseverance, liberality, determination, and the single motive of seeking not our own glory, or gratifying merely our ecclesiastical pride, but because we do not like to see the. worship of God carried on in mean buildings while our own houses are ceiled with cedar and. .painted in vermilion, abounding also in every luxury which decorative-art can suggest and profuse expenditure can supply;1 ''?' r ' ' I have-left myself little time i» allude to the legal questions affecting -this and other colonial dioceses. The critical Btate of politics in England may render abortive any attempt upon the part of the Secretary of State for the Colonies to legislate with reference to these matters. Meanwhile, from the recent decision of the Supreme Court of Natal, affirming the legal validity of the letters patent erecting that diocese, it may be inferred- that the nonexis tence of a Representative Constitution by Act of Imperial Parliament in this colony in 1847, and the appointment of a Nominee Council by Ve Grown, places the legality of the like exer jcjse. of .the prerogative, as in Natal beyond doubt : in a word, that the same power which nominated the Council did not act vllra vires when, under the Act Of Supremacy of Elizabeth, it erected a* diocese and appointed a Bishop, who was consecrated by the Archbishop of Can terbury, under a mandate from the Crown. Hence also the corporation sole attached to the occupant of tbe see would appear to be strictly legal.' His Lordship also read a summary of the statistical return, which was laid on the table. He stated that the accommodation in their churches was 13,935, five square feet being allowed for each sitting. He was happy to see an increase of communicants to the number of 1,530. There was a slight decrease in the Sun day-schools, which he thought might be accounted for by reason of the deaths or changes which had taken place in- the diocese and the unsettlement consequent thereon. The sum total of the offerings and collections raised in the several churches was £7,564. Mr. N. Blyth moved, and the Rev. James Pollitt seconded — 'That the thanks of this Synod be presented to the Lord Bishop for his valuable pastoral address and report on the state of the diocese, and the statistical return, and that the same be printed. ' Carried. His Lobdshtp returned his thanks, and said he had done his best to speak the truth, although of course he was fallible like other men. VARIOUS BEP0BT3 AND ACCODHT* Mr. N. Blyth moved, and Mr. C. B. Young seconded — ' That the reports and . accounts printed and distributed be taken as read, received, and published in the report.' Carried. The following is the report of the Standing Committee : — '?In accordance with Regulation No. 4, the Standing Committee, elected by the Synod of 1867-68, now submit to you a report of th«ir proceedings during the past year, and a state ment of accounts, duly audited, to which they refer you for information on all monetary transactions. - ' General Church Fund and Home Mission. — The fact of the decrease of funds available for the purposes of augmenting ministers' incomes, while the requirements for this pur pose were steadily on the increase, having been forcibly impressed upon the Standing Com mittee, they requested the Finan3e Committee to take the whole question of Church Funds, available for this purpose, into their considera tion. They now particularly direct your atten tion to a Special Report of the Finance Com mittee, appended hereto, wherein you will find a suggestion that the fund, hitherto known as the General Church Fund, shall for the future ba called the Home Mission Fund, and shall be appropriated solely to endowing churches and assisting clerical incomes, and that an Inci dental Expense Fund be raised by a levy upon each Church in the diocese as per scale [vide ) to pay the expenses of Synod. ' It is the cause of extreme regret to this Committee that the appeal, made by them in their last report (.see page 190) for increased and general contributions by all the Churches, has not been more effectively responded to, in fact, the gross amount collected has fallen more than 25 per cent. ' No collections have reached the Treasurer's hands from the following churches -i — Holy Trinity, Adelaide* Christchurch, North Adelaide* St. Luke's, Adelaide \- St. Paul's. Adelaide . St. Ann's, Aldinga St. Mary's, Echunga St. Matthew's, Hamilton t St. Philip's, Belvidere + Holy Trinity^ Riverton + Emanuel, Chingfordi' St. John'*, Auburn + Christchurch, Yankalilla + St. Paul's, Hay Flat f St. Mary's, Kooringa St. John's, Salisbury* Holy Trinity, Melrose+ * Paid since. \+ Cures vacant for the whole or greater part of the year. 'The Valance left on hand from the final grant of £500 per annum from the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel (£153 8s. 4d.) has been entirely absorbed. - ' 'It will be seen by reference to the special report of the Finance Committee, that in con sequence of the devastation of red rust, the Church of England Endowment Society has been unable to collect any rents this year, and has had no revenue to distribute. ' Not only has- the balance of the Allen's Fund of last year — £142 lls. 4d. — been spent, but also an amount of £100 contributed by the Lord Bishop, in addition to the usual amount of £400. The balance from the S.P.G., and the balance of savings, and the Bishop's extra grant from the Allen's Fund (sources of income which will not ba available in the ensuing year), repre sent more than one-third of the total amount of expenditure on the year's account. 'Mission to the Heathen. — The amount sub scribed to the Mission to the Heathen is slightly in advance of that of last year, and has been in most instances specially devoted by the Church contributing to some particular mission, a course which your Committee recommend to be continued. 'Endowment of Churches. — St. Peter's, Glen elg, has been endowed during the year in the sum of £500 ; £187 10s. having been contributed by the parishioners, an equal amount by the Attorneys of theS.P.G., and the balance £125 by the Synod ; half from Home Mission Fund and half from St. Asaph's Fund. This entities the incumbent to the interest obtained from in vestment of the money, and yhich the Attor neys guarantee shall for ten years amount to 10 per cent. During the vacancy of any Cure, the amount is paid to Synod, to be disposed of as the Standing Committee may see fit or Synod direct. ., 'Clergy, Widow, and Orphan Fund. — A statement of accounts for the first two years, ending June 30 laat, appended to this report, appears to your Committee to be very satis factory. No deaths have taken place since the last report affecting the fund. One clergyman has died, but he left no widow or child. 'Depot of Books of the S.P.C.K.— The re port of the Committee, appointed at the last Synod to enquire into the working of this depot, will be read to you.. An abstract of it has been already printed and circulated. 'The Committee appointed to collect and ap pend to the fundamental provisions and regula dons any resolutions passed in Synod since its formation have not completed the work, but will probably present a report. ' In accordance with the resolution of Synod, the Standing Committee transmitted petitions to the local Legislature with reference to the proposed alteration in the marriage laws. The Act passed last session is, in a great measure, in accordance with the spirit of these reso lutions. 'The question of the separate lay representa tion in Synod of a Church forming only part of a minister's cure has been brought under the special notice of the Standing Committee, but not being a matter delegated to them to consi der, they could only refer the parties applying to the Synod, and now direct its special atten tion to the question. 'The Standing Committee have had the pleasure of welcoming back to the diocese, the jord Bishop, who was entertained at a public breakfast, given in the Church Office, at which there was a large attendance of members of Synod and other members of the Church. James .Fabbbll, Chairman.9' The report of the; Committee on the Depot of Books of the SiP.C.K. was laid on the table. It said : — ' Your Committee have to report that they visited the depot at Mr. Howell's, Bundle- ? street. : They learnt from him that he had -sent ? tome for books from the S.P.C.K. to the value of £100, which have been paid for by the At torneys of the S.P.G.- .That since the arrival of the second order, he had not sent for any more books, nor had he handed over the pro ceeds of the books sold to the Attorneys of the S.P.G. That he has in stock, books to the value of about £40 or £50, consisting of small prayer-books, &c; As the depot is evidently at a Htand- Btill, and as Mr. Howell thinks that the books of the Society are not adapted to the Adelaide market (except assorted with other books), -the Committee would suggest that the present depot should be closed at once, the tooks in stock being either sold for what they will fetch, or handed over. to form, the nucleus of a new depot, should one be opened. In order to ascertain, the amount of the capital re quired to form a depot, the best mode of car rying it on, and the chance of its success, your Committee wrote to the managers or secretaries of the-depots at Sydney, Newcastle, Melbourne, Hobart Town, and Perth, and from them received much valuable information.' The Committee recommended that a capital of £300 should be raised for the establishment of a suitable depot ; and made suggestions as to the proper method of carrying out the idea. The following report of the Church of England Mission to the ? Heathen Aborigines was re ceived : — 'I have the honor to submit the - p-npTtft^ report and balance sheet of the above Mission. ' During the past year the average attendance at the school at Lacepede Bay has been about twelve ; in the early part of the year there were several more seeking admission, but they could not be accommodated in consequence of the smallness of the buildingj At present there are very few children, as at this season the parents generally take them away for a short time, but the superintendent informs me that they are now returning, and that she expects them all back shortly, with the exception of two, who have left for the school at Point McLeay, which is nearer to the tribe to which they belong. ' Miss Ewens having intimated her wish to resign the charge of the school, Miss Armstrong, who was very highly recommended, has been appointed, and will commence her duties on the 13th of the month. 'It will be seen by the balance-sheet that the establishment has been conducted at a very small cost, and much praise is due to Miss Ewens for her economical management. ' Rations have been regularly supplied by the Government, and any reasonable request for supplies, &c.;, has been readily complied with. ' Many thanks are due to the Ladies' Work ing Committee of St. Matthew's, Kensington, for lurther timely supplies of clothing, which have been most acceptable. 'Although the funds received by the Trea surer have been sufficient for the current ex penses ol the year, it is most desirable that the sum of £100 should be. raised to enlarge the premises, which are most inconvenient. ' C. B. Young, Treasurer.' The following is a special report of the Finance Committee : — ' The Finance Committee in taking into con sideration the different funds available in the ensuing year towards the increase of clerical incomes, have, in the first instance, considered those which are under the immediate control of the Standing Committee. 'They find that, while the expenditure in aid of clerical incomes, has been increasing, the revenue has beendiminshed. The grants in aid of clerical in comes for the vear ending Easter, 1866 was ? £580 0 2 Do. 1867 ? 511 18 2 Do. 1868 ? 660 8 0 For the year ending Easter, J868, the receipts from the General Church Fund amounted to ... £110 13 0 Portion of Allen's Pastoral Aid Fond distributed by Synod ... 400 0 0 £510 13 0 For the same year the expenses of Synod have been ? 134 18 6 Leaving a balance towards clerical incomes ... ? £376 4 6 ' One of the causes that have led to the ex cess of expenditure over revenue, has been the cessation of the annual graut-in-aid from the S.P.G., which formerly bore the outlay for the aid to clergymen who might fairly be considered to be laboring in missionary districts. Another cause has been the principle of aiding several Churches when served by the same clergyman, at the same rate as if they were distinct CWrea. 'With respect to the two. funds above re ferred to, Allen's Pastoral Aid Fund and the General Church Fund, the Committee have to make the following suggestions, feeling it to be highly desirable that every Church in the diocese should contribute to the latter, and that both should be relieved from the burden of Synodal expenses. 'L That the Standing Committee, at the end of each year, shall present to Synod an assessment on each parish of the amount they ought to contribute towards the expenses, based on the number of the respective congregations. That this assessment,' when approved, by the Synod, must be paid by every parish, being raised hi any way that they think proper ; other wise the amount will be deducted from the grants in aid of their ministers' incomes, and they will be excluded from the benefit of repre sentation. This payment to be exclusive of the annual sermon and collection for the General Chnrch Fund, which for the future should be devoted exclusively to Some Mission purposes, and which should be enforced upon every parish under penalty of exclusion of their representa tives from Synod. 'Anticipating the adoption of this sugges tion, the Committee append an assessment which they would recommend for the ensuing year. ' 2. That the following alteration be at once made in the scheme for distribution of grants in aid of clerical incomes. ' That the mayim-nTTi amount of grants in aid to each individual clergyman, however many Churches he may serve, shall be £50 at the full scale. 'The Committee have also had under their consideration the funds at the disposal of the Attorneys, of the S.P.G., generally known as the ' Leigh Fund.' 'They find that no funds will be available from this source during the next financial year! in aid of clerical incomes, and that the attorneys will have quite sufficient demands upon their resources fox some years to come, to fulfil existing liabilities, especially if they continue their present scheme of endowment. 'The Committee consider that the plan of endowing Churches is the most satisfactory way of aiding the different parishes ; but one great difficulty of proceeding in this good work is, that the very small amount towards the General Church Fund prevents the Synod doing its share according to the present scheme. Xhe very moderate amount of £150 a year, is all that is wanted from the General Church Fund to con tinue the endowment of two Churches in each year, so long as the annual contribution of £100 a year, for this purpose, from the Lord Bishop of St. Asaph's continues. They would earnestly wish it to be impressed upon parishes that, whenever an offer of endowment is made to them they should not let so valuable an oppor tunity slip past, as the terms are so exceedingly liberal and the benefit so great. ' For the benefit of easy reference the Com mittee append a memorandum of the plan that has hitherto been adopted in endowing Churches : — . ' L To secure the maximum amount of £50 a year— The Parish raises ? £187 10 0 The Synod, out of General Church. Fund and St. Asaph's Fund, contributes ? 125 0 0 The attorneys of the Leigh Fund give ? ... 187 10 0 £500 0 0 '2. To secure £40 a-year — The Parish gives ? ...£150 0 0 The Synod ? 100 0 0 Leigh Fund ... ... ... 150 0 0 ' 3. To secure the Tnimm-ntn of £20 — The Parish gives ? £75 0 0 The Synod ? 50 0 0 The Leigh Fund ? 75 0 0 £200 0 0 'And the Attorneys guarantee 10 per cent, on these amounts for ten years. 'In respect to the Church of England En dowment Society, the Committee learn that this Society proposes to invest £10,000 in land, of which £3,390 is already so invested. 'That the failure of the crops having post* poned all revenue from this source, has pre vented the appropriating funds for endowment of Churches, *or increasing clerical incomes this year. 'That when the funds are available, they will in all probability be applied iirstof all in the way of endowing Churches, and the Central Funds of the pimrck will thus be relieved to: the extent of that endowment.' ...... 'In conclusion, the Committee append the following abstractof the estimated requirements of Synod on the Churches of tine diocese for the ensuing year: — . - .. ,: ? ?' Towards Synodal expenses... ..,£162 10 0 -Annual collections, the Home His-. . : ?_? . .- -sion Fund in aid of clerical in- - comes ... ,i.-. ... ... 200 -Q 0, For endowments ? 150' 0 0: £512 10 6 'Unless this amount be raised, the^aid to Churches will have to be given pro rota to the -amount available. ... ' : ^Nevuse Blyth, Chairman.' The accounts liid on the table showed that the aimual sermons in 29 churches on. behalf of : the Clergy Widow and Orphan fund realised £125 Us. ; that the contributions to the Genewl Church Fond amounted to £115 6s. ; to the Mission to nfiie Heathen Fund, £126 18s. Sd. ; and to the Clerical Incomes Fond, £742 2s. 8d. . Mr. Wicksteed (the Secretary) read a report from the Melanesian Mission Oonunittee, as follows: — .-??-. ' - ? -' '? I *'To the Eight Rev. the Lord Bishop of ? Adelaide. - ' The Committee of the Association in Aid of the Melanesian Mission have to report to your Lordship that meetings have been held during the past year in aid of the 'Mission at Auburn, Norwood, Mitcham, Glenelg, 'Wood- ville, St. Paulas, Port Adelaide, St. Paul's, Adelaide, and at Trinity; and that sermons, specially in behalf of .the Mission, have been preached at 'Clare. Penwortham, Auburn, Gawler, Glenelg,- Mitcham, Woodville, 'the Collegiate School, Port Adelaide; St. Paul's, AdelaideVWalkerville, and Christchurch, North Adelaide, -with probably several other places from which contributions have been received. . ; 'It will appear from the balance-sheet, ?which is appended, that the sura collected, including a balance of £62 18s. 8d. from last year, has been £246 Os. 2d. Ot this £230 lias been remitted to Bishop Patteson. This is con siderably under the sum raised and remitted last year ; but while they regret that the funds of the Association have been thus diminished, they think it right to express their belief that this is very much owing to the great call for local help which existed in many places during the past year. In part also it is due to the Eev. Canon. Russell being called from his post of Organising Secretary at the very busiest time. They trust that the blessing of God will be on their valued and beloved fellow-laborer and his wife, during their absence from the colony, and that their many friends may soon be able to welcome them back again in restored health. They rejoice in. the knowledge -that much material help, 'which would, otherwise be given to the Melanesian Mission, is being given to the aborigines of this Province. - 'Contributions of - knives, hatchets, and fish-hooks for barter, clothing for the native : girls and for 'the pupils , of the school, jams, and other ship's stores/ and^drugs, -have been re ceived and axe gratefully acknowledged; qui nine especially, which was kindly sent by Mr. Downer, of Port Adelaide, is mostuseful, as the members of the mission are much exposed to attacks of 'fever and ague. - : ? ??'?'? -r-i' ; 'The Committee would be glad if the local collectors - would:, forward the names of sub scribers to the fond to be printed in the report, which the Committee liope to furnish annually. They would also be glad to know the number of copies of the Report required by each col lector. It -would also materially help the inis siouwork if the clergy would inform the Or ganising Secretary, the Bev. T. Field, at what times &ey; would desire deputations to visit \- iheir'pariBhes. One or otiier of the Central _; Committee will always be ready to undertake this duty. / — ? ? ?''' ' : .^'.Jii conclusion,^ tiiey desire to -expresB their thankfulness to Almighty God for the steady progress of the mission work in the Melanesian Islands, for the success -which has attended the removal of the Central School to Norfolk Island, . ^and for the* growth' of spiritual life among the pupils of the school, which has been such that several have .been baptised during the past year.-. ' ??.'-.//'? ?''. ' '-?; ' ''' \ ''' .?'? 'They have learnt with much pleasure that there is no 'trnfc in the rumor that JSishop Patteson was likely to 'relinquish his important -. charge; - : : ' ; -.- _ - '- ' -' ' - '=? ' The Treasurer's account is forwarded here with. '-?-? ? - .. . -. : . ? ? - . - : . ? / *'Geo. H. Fabb; Chairman. A statement of accounts with respect to the mission snowed that the receipts had been £246 Os. 2d., and that £230 had been remitted to Bishop Patteson enbehalf of the mission during the past year. This report and statement of accounts were received and; ordered to be printed. .?-?;-. . ;; . . Mr. Wickbteed, on behalf of Mr. W. A. Hughes, read a report of the Committee ap pointed to report upon the resolutions passed since the establishment of Synod and now in force, -which report was, on the motion of the Sev. Canon Marryat, seconded by the Eev. Canon Coombs, received and ordered to be printed. - . ; r. ? ' ? : ELECTION OP OFFICERS. ' ? ' ; ' Papers were then distributed and the voting' for officers was proceeded with. Messrs. Alfred Spence and EL E Turton were appointed Treasurers; Mr. F. 'Wicksteed, Secretary; Messrs. G. W. Hawkes and R.. B. Colley*; Auditors; and the following gentlemen were elected as the Standing Committee :^-Clergy- ' men — Very Eev, the Dean, Bev, Canon Marryat/ Eev. Messrs. G. Dove, T. Field, D. J. H. Ibbetson, W.-B. Andrews, ana 31 '?'?~&6B$tfc.' Laymen— Messrs. NvBlyth, W. A, Hughes, H. H. Turton, F. Wicksteed, N. Oldham, B.«. Colley, O. B. Young,. W. S- Douglas, W.. Mullett, A.Spence, 'Dr. I-uncan,5i. W.Thrupp, J. Acraman, and Major Warburfon. :? ? NOTICES -yt MOTION. ' ? A number of notices of motion; were then handed in. : DAYS OF MEETING. ; '; Mr. Wiokbibed moved, -and lie Bey. T., Field seconded — **That!the Jdays of -'meeting iof Synod be Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Thursdays, : and Fridays in. each' week (except Thursday next, which is HolyThursday, aid Tuesday, the . 26th inst., the day fixed for the celebration' of Her Majesty^siirthday), at 3 fl'clock. Carried. \- ' TmeSMIAIi 8THODS. ' ' ?-'-?.' The Standing Orders were then suspended, to enable the Synod So proceed at once to dis cuss the motion of which notice Sad been given, -.'-.- ???..?? ? ?',-.- - -The 'Very Eev. Dean FAKHELt moved a motion for leave to bring in a measure to alter ?fee 3rd Fundamental Provision, by prd , aiding that Synod should be elected triennially instead of annually. He remarked that it this were carried it would be necessary to adopt some alteration in the constitution of the Standing Committee, by which means pne fourth or one-sixth of ttie Committee should retire each year, to make way for -new blood. He urged the adoption of Mb motion on the grounds that it wouldigive a greater permanence and stability to the Synoi, and thereby ' make layrnen take a deeper :interest in its pro — ceedmgs. He remarked that this was only a -preliminary step, because if the. motion. -was carried there 'would have, to *e a Call of Synod 'before -a, fundamental' provision coulid be altered. -? ... -.- ' -? /'??.[ / \ ?: \- %&e; -Bev. Ganon Mabbtai Beconded the '' Tnotlon. ... . . _ i ?? - '?''= . His'- i0«l»HlP 'remaiked tMt he ODserved ?many gentlemen there who had been returned ; ?to; Synod year after year, as having the *on Jfioence of their respectavecongregatioris. !There mi^it,' iiowever, be a time when they should; have an obnoxious member of Synod, and if ; the election was ^eilnial-msteaa «f annual, ^tlanerid«fhrniu ?H ffie ^Syiioo! -^was elected; annuallyi such a= meniber could^^be^ttietiy ' droppeo. Th66r-tica1Iy;]he3th«%h1t fitt .Dean was right, hut bJB'ffia^^Mnk^yJtotaBiactory reason had been shown why it *as«ther necfes -»ry!«^yf«Iejl^J;;^y-'«K6aU;-«fl^':w'-: : ftihdMnen^rX3onBtitttlapB.J, ander ^which; IBtey . ^jfc ?- .-.?^?r :-Jo ^-''n..:i:;?i.-i.'.r iS ;:-.-??::.?/.:.'='/ ;?; -j -o:'.. ? The Dean admitted that there was /forceia HisI«rcbMp'fl«inarks^%»n3stte^nbti6hdid,not seem to meet with general sympathy. The Souse went uto Cfoinmittee, however, to consider the motion, when Mr. GoiiLBT expressed 3iis concurrence in the principle of .the .motion, but objected to making: the triennial, election compulsory. Hehoped, however, that congrega tions, when they had good Synodsmeu, would send them, year after year, to Synod, so as .to give them more influence and weight. (Hear, hear.) Mr. T. O. Jones supported the motion because he thought triennial election would not ?only ; make Synod more, permanent, but would; also lead congregations to exercise greater care in the selection of Synodsmen. The Eev. Canon MiBErAT could have under stood the motion if the Synod was. constantly changing, but practically its constitution; was the same year rafter year. He suggested an evil which might arise. If a Synodsinan was elected for- three years he might be able. and willing to act -the first, year, but circumstances might so alter aa to make him unwilling to act for, the rest of the ;time, and some of the Churches might thus be left altogether withont represen tation. The De&v; asked leave to withdraw the motion, as it did not meet with the general sym pathy he should like it to do. His only, object was to ensure greater stability and power to the Synod. His Lobdship remarked upon the great importance of congregations sending in repre sentatives who were; well acquainted with; the forms :of Synod. 'The motion was then. ;with drawn.- ? ?? . ????; ? . . :-^ .' ? ?.-'.. WOBKDTa EEPBNSES OF'SyNOD. - ?Mr. Wioksteed, for Mr.- N. Blyth, moved for leave to bring in a measure to provide for the contribution by each 'Church pro grata towards the working expenses of Synod. His LOBDSHEP explained that the working expenses of 'Synod amountedlast year to £160. That had absorbed all the contributions from the Churches who intended to give them for the benefit of the rHome Mission Fund, and the ; object of- the * motion was to separate the expenses of the merely charitable work from the working ex-, penses of Synod. Mr. HtJGHEB seconded, the motion, which was carried, and it was ordered that the House go into Committee next day to consider the question. ._?'. \\. THE MABBIAGE ACT. '..' ? The Very Bev. the Dean asked— 'If the Mar riage Act, lately passed in. this colony, is (as the iexlod) to supersede all osher Marriage taws ; and whether it is to be the rule and guide of the clergy of the Church of England in this province in the solemnization of marriage, even if inconsistent with, or repugnant to, laws. \- civil or eccesiastical, still in existence in the Eingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. . 'One reason why he asked this question was, because if marriage with a deceased wife's sister should be made legal here, and a clergyman was re quested to join in the solemnization of such a marriage, he wanted to know, if lie would be justined in doing so. He pointed out also that under the present Act marriages could be solemnised at any hour, and there was nothing to prevent his marrying a couple at 11 or 12 o'clock -at night. He wanted some definite rule .laid down on the subject, and not that each, clergyman should be left to his own discretion, in this matter, without reference to his Diocesan. His Lobdship replied to the fol lowing effect : — - ': ;?; 'That the marriage law of this colony ap pears only to vary the mode of solemnization of niarriages.; that by the Declaration on which the Synodal Compact is .founded, this Diocese is identified with the laws and customs, of .the Church of England, which the clergy are bound in conscience -as faras applicable to: this colony to carry .ont.. That to determine the limits of such applicability isthe proper object of a Select Committee of Synod. r: ; ' That no law of marriage in this colony re pugnant in principle to the marriage law of England can validate such repugnant marriage, nor hinder the effect of such illega'ity in regard to inheritance of property in England.' ' OHUKCH OF ENG^LASD ENDOWMENT SOCIETr. . The Very Eev. the Dean aBked. ''it the Church of England Endowment Society uitend 'to carry out one of the conditions under which they raised their funds and obtained subscrip tions from the public, viz, that the income de rived ' therefrom should be appropriated in such a manner as Synod might; direct?' 'His' Lobdship read a.memorandumjin reply which he had received from Mr. Oldham, the Secretary of the Endowment Society, and the; further consideration of the matter was deferred till, next dayi. ?...;?.?.:?: irr.'-^i-- v.-, ,:,!?.. ; ? . :':;. An adjournment then tookplace ifor an hour, and at ha2f-past6 o'clockSynod resumed. . 1 - '?.'..' : CtEBGTMEN OBTAINING fiDBSTETDTES. The F«ry Bev- the Dean asked— '! Whether there be cany imle in -the diocese as at home, requiring ^a clergyman, if absent from his usual duties on the Lord'sDay, to provide an ©fdained minister as Ids substitutej^dnless otherwise per mitted by his ordinary ?' His ? IiOBDSHiP pointed out that: the 'Diocese of Adelaide was part of the 'United Church «f England rand Ire land, and there -was no rule of the diocese which' contravened the well-understood rule on this matter, in the parishes at home. _ : ???_ BEPBESENTATION AT SYNOD. ,'?.' . In Committee. - ; The Very ;Bev.; the Dean moved— ?' That the ninth of tiie Eegolations not fundamental be repealed, and the following subntitated. 'That connected Churches shall be entitled to return each two Synodsmen, save where two or more 'may be feerved by the same minisiet, when they shall only be entitled to send one' each.' He 'said he did. this €o preserve- the equilibrium between- 'the lay and clerical members of Synod 'He thought it wrong, also, when a' member had ?? two or -three Churches tinder his care that each Church should have the power of electing two Synodsmen. There were some country Churches . iwhkihp he said, were so large and important as ioileservemore than twoSynodsmen. They should have four as well as the town Churches. Mr. W. S. Dodglas seconded the motion, concurring in what, the Dean had said. The Bev. Canon 'Coombs' said four !Synodsmen were originally given1 to the city Churches, in order to counter act the preponderating balance which country 'Churches would otherwise have had.' Heihought the .- question mooted by the- Dean was one of great importance, and ought to be 'Carefully con sidered.- Mr. It. W. Thbopp opposed, the motion, 'on the ground that It would so largely reduce the lay element in. Synod, which ^he thought it highly important to keep up. Ex perience had shown that the lay and clerical, members worked well together, and if there presentatiqn was reduced to two for each \- (Jhurch, there would be a reduction of lOj repre sentatives from the city Churches at once. He remarked also that it was very important for the proper working of Synod that there tehould be a good many members in or near the city who couia form the General Committee^ The Bey.: W. B.' ? Andbewb thought ? it necessary to. keep up the representation -of the cpuntry Churches, because it was well-known that per sons from a distance often could not attend. Mr; W. A. H^GHEShoped the Dean would with draw the motion. He agreed that St. George's, of Qawler, and St Paul's. «f Ppri Adi4aidei ought to have more than two Synodsmen ; and he agreed also witi Mr. Thrupp ^tWt tifi lay .element should be iept 'up. The' Sev. Canon MabbtAt did not want; four Synodsmen for St. . Paul's, Port Adelaide. He fonnditi3ifficult tog&t; two. He thought thelargestrepresentationifchere: was from the country the tetter -it'wppldjibe for the Synod. He suggested that an im portant matter arising out of this— the admis- * sioh of new qhurches-^bught to be referred to a Oommitte& ' The Rev. Mr. iBBETSOK^ihought llr. Thrupp's arguments were very cogent, He thought it would be unfair and ?linwise Ato. ^partiaEy disfranchise a Church ^or several. Ghurches, because they could not afford to.have a Beparate and distinct aninisterto each con-, gregation. ; He instanced St. Bartholom«w'«, Jbrwooa, and -jsaid ; it would be very hard to tie people /there to adopt such a proposal as that. Mr. B. B. OOLiiEY *aid he found there .were Si ?? clergymen - and 65 lay Synodsmen, so that it did .not appear: that the matter was working at aU out of proportion. The wiser plan therefore would be to leave things as they were. . The Bev. Canon Fabb thought the result of the proposed altera tion would' be to take off 18 Synodsmen and add 2. Eespecfcing 'consecrated' churcheB, he «pbke of St. Barthohjmew's, Norwood; which he mought ought sot to be represented ut-Synod untUit^hadiSubscribed to the usual declarations afl set out in the schedulea.. There had -been an irregularity here, and in thepossibility of any case coming beforettieSuprenieCourt he theught they: should be careful to see that all things were done in order. :. Mr.. Ibbetson said St. Bartholomew's returned two Synodinen as a suburban Ghurch— it waB. not necessary that it should be a separate Parish Church in order to do that. His Lobdship concurred. Mr. J. W. Bulb thought if the proportion of members was xeduced, as proposed, that there would be a great difficulty Jfco get a quorum. His Lokdship commenting upon the resolution said he thought :there was no need for it, and that therefore it would be unwise to pass it. The DEAN expressed his great pleasure at seeing- the lay 'element so frilly represented in Synod, but he wished to keep it in due proportion. The motion was then put, and negatived. ; . ? obcuboh wwowuescs. . . Mr. 'Wicksteed . moved — 'In .case any Church does not accept its turn for endowment, it shall be competent for the Standing Com mittee (with the concurrence of the $5. P. G.) to endow any Church (previously endowed in less than the maxrmum amount) which may have given notice to the Secretary of Synod pi its being prepared to pay' up the. amount neces sary for additional endowment.' Mr. W. A. Hughes seconded the motion, which was carried; ? The Bev. Canon Mabbyat then moved an addition—' ' Or any. other Church, which is ready to accept offer of endowment, those which have paid money (being not less than £75) into Synod to have the preference.' . This was lost by the casting vete of the Bishop. - . . - Mr. .Wicksteed moved, and Mr. Hughes seconded—' That in case any Church does not accept its turn for endowment when offered, it shall be competent for the Standing Committee to reconsider the case at any time when funds .are available ?' . ? ,. . ? STANDING COMMITTEE'S BEPOBT. The House went into Committee to consider ihe Standing Committee's report. Mr. Wick steed, in reply to M^. Jones, said- the Endow ment Society had, in consequence of the red rust, taken 12 months' bills for all their rents. A conversation arose also as to the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund, and to the admission of persons into the benefits of that fond with out having been properly passed by the Com mittee; Subsequently, however, the report was adoptejjl on the , motion of Mr. HUGHES, seconded by the Eev. Canon Mabbtat. ? The Standing Orders were then suspended to permit notices of motion to be given. Several notices were handed in, and His Lordship having pronounced the benediction, Synod ad journed till next day at 3 o'clock. Tuesday, May 19. : The Synod reassembled on Tuesday after ,noon, when His Lordship the Bishop of Ade laide presided. The Very Bev. the Dean and 16 clergymen and 24 laymen attended. \- After prayer, the minutes . of the last even ing were read aad confirmed. ._ ;: Tarious notices of rmotion were given. The Orders of the Day^were then called on. The Dean's motion for a Committee to report on the means of supplementing the incomes of the clergy was negatived. : . -_ .- Mr. Blyth'fi motion- that an assessment be made on each parish for its share of the Synodal expenses was catried, and. the . scale proposed iwas referred to the Standing Committee for re adjustment. ' ' .--. . :? . - . . - ... The limit of the aid to the income of any one clergyman to £50 in one year was carried by a bare majority. . .-.''?. : . .Therepjrt of the Cemmittee codifying ; the resolutions of Synod was adopted. : .. The Secretary was instructnd to write to the President and Directors of the Church of Eng land Endowment Society, -iasMng for an explana tion as to the working of Kule No, 7 , in their Rules and B«gulations filed in tb.9 Supreme Court, with regard to disposal of the income by Synod. ... . .l: ''..:. .-: ' .. . .'...; ,- . . .! The Standing Orders were suspended, to. enable Mr. Hughes to give two notices of motion. v , : . . Adjourned to Wednesday the 20th, at 3 o'clock. : Wednesday, May 20. The Synod reassembled on Wednesday after noon. His Iiordship the Bishop presided. The 'Very Bev. the Dean, and 12 clergymen, and 15 layinenattended. .,!,..; ,' _:.-:!. -.: After prayer the minutes of the last evening were read«,nd^onfirmed. ;. ; Various notices of motion were given. The, Orders of the Day were then called on. : Mr. Wusksteed's motion for the alteration of the n-st fundamental provision was accepted, and a call of Synod made for the 27th insteut to epjurirm it or otherwise. -; . : jthp report of the Committee appointed to , collect the resolutions passed by Synod since its ^commencement was discussed, and several of them were ordered to be added to thereguL\ tions not fundanientaJ. ' , i The declaration of trust of Churches, in order t» unien with Synod, adopted by Synod May 11,1860, was ordered to be reprinted and distributed to incumbents and synodsmen for the purpose of laying it before the various vestriss.' . . ? ? '. The Synod adopted the report of the Com mittee. on the S.P.OX Dep6t, the Secretary being instructed to explain by a footnote that, lor. Howell had paid £32 on account since the , interview: of the Committee with him. The Eevs. Canon Farr, Canon Marryat, and Thos. Field, Messrs. Colley, and N. Blyth were appointed a Committee to report on the lay re presentation in Synod of Churches forming only pari of a minister's cure. ?t was resolved that accounts of .the C.W. and O. Fund; to March 31 be presented to Synod at its annual meeting, and that one clerical and one , lay Secretary be appointed to act, in this matter with, the .Standing Commit tee, and the Eevs. Canons Fair and Marryat, and Messrs. Blyth, Colley, and C.B. Youhgwere appointed, a ^Committee to consider the trust deed, .?'?''.?'?. ' - . . The Very Bev., the Dean introduced the sub ject of places and hours for the celebration of marriages in this diocese, the further discussion of which was made the firstOrder of the Day for Friday next. (See our advertising columns.) : The Iiord Bishop, at the request of Canon Farr, read the trusts of the new Cathedral, and promised that they should be printed. The Synod then adjourned to Friday next at .3 o'clock. . Bbigandage. — Becent letters from Spain announced a frightful increase in banditism. Assassinations have been reported during the last few days from several points of the Penin sula. A rich landed proprietor in Valencia was murdered and horribly, mutilated in his own house, whence, the bandits removed all the valuables. A priest in Santa Anna,- Badajoz, was assassinated in his parsonage. The cure of Guils Barcelona, was actually thro wninto the fire and threatened with being burnt alive if he ^ did hot give l up hip money. In this way the wretches obtained his whole ' fortune— sixty- four oancea of -gbldi yalued' at 5,37Ot But even these villanles are surpassed in audacity in Sicily. One Sunday twd*-and-twenty.: brigands . entered the church of the -village ot Fontana - Freddo. Having made pretence of. kneeling -at prayer^ tiiey suddenly rose, stopped the' priest who was reading the GoBpel, called out two of the richest proprietors of the -locality, and then 'removed ihem from the church, urforining their families that they would be _allo weal forty-eight hours in which to ransom them, by .paying 60.000 lire in; gold. Throughout the whole province of Terra ,e labour brigandage has assumed unprece dented proportions. '.?)??' :: r ' ;Gbickbt. --The Australian' Aboriginal Cricket ers, rrom^ictor^;Au8traUa, are expected to, aarive mthk.countiy in.May. They are tbir-: teeniunumber, and are veritable Australian: natives, jwith. the: straight , hair aiid peculiar physical organization of the. Australian abojri gines. Their training in cricket has been re eeived from Mr.W. jC Hayman, 'formerly of Devonshire, and for many years past a squatter in the Wimroera District, on theGlenelgEiver, Victoria. They will be accompanied to England by Mr. Charles Lawrence, of Dublin, formerly of. the AUEngland Eleven. In Australia they haye attracted considerable attention, and' last year won:l7;matchesout of 22. At the time of the last jnailileaving i$ey were about- to play the Duke ol Edinburgh and the crew' of the Galatea, at Sydney.— The Field, 