TOM DE CASTRO, THE CLAIMANT OF THE TICHBORNE BA RONETCY AND ESTATES. As our readers will like to know the last version of the above contest, we take the following from the Argus :— ' As a number of paragraphs have appeared, both in the colonial and English newspapers, relative to the claimant for the Tichbourne baronetcy, some inspired by one side and some by the other it may perhaps not be uninteresting to our readers to add another to the long list. As the claimant to the baronetcy lived for some years in Australia, of course both parties to the litigation have employed active agents in hunting up for evidence and lor witnesses, the one to prove and the other to disprove, the identity of Tom de Castro with Sir Roger Tichborne. The trial, when it does take place in the English courts, will certainly be I one of the most remarkable in legal annals. An article appears io another column from a Deniliquin paper, in which the writer takes a very unfavourable view of De Castro's pretensions, and considers him the same with one Arthur Orton, a convict. Orton is said to have been convicted in 1853. and sent out to one of the colonies. We have been informed that this same Orton was living in Fremantle, Western Australia, in 1867, and that he sent home a letter to one of his family. If this be so, he cannot be Tom De Castro, as this latter individual was in England in the year 1866. Sir Roger Tichborne is supposed to have been lost on board the barque Bella, which sailed from Rio Janeiro some time in 1854, but the claimant alleges, that he and several others of the crew were saved and brought on to Melbourne. A sailor, we believe, has beeu found who has been shown a photograph of the claimant. He recog- nises this, we are told, as the likeness of Sir Roger Tichborne, whom he had seen on board the Bella, talking to the captain a short time before her de- parture from Brazil. This sailor was not connected with the Bella, or at least was not with her on her last voyage. And then the claimant has been fully recognised as the real Sir Roger by officers and privates of his regiment, by members and old servants of the family, by residents in the neigh- bourhood - these witnesses numbering in all ninety- seven. The tailor of the regiment swears that De Castro correctly described to him the shape and material of the last two suits he obtained from him, and identified Ihe photograph of one of his former officers. An explanation is also afforded as to why De Castro was the name that was assumed by the claimant, and it is thus that Sir Roger. when in Chili, was acquainted with a family of that name. To me of that family he lately wrote, recalling the circumstance and conversations he had with them; and, in reply, a letter was received in which all his statements were confirmed. All these facts are rather singular, whilst the considerations on the opposite side are no less deserving of attention, though, of course, we express no opinion either one way or the other, as the claimant lived for many years lived near Wagga and Deniliquin, evidence obtained in that quarter will not be the least valuable; and the solicitor for the plaintiff (Mr Allport) with Mr. Berliner, will, we believe, set out to-day on a journey to endeavour to trace his wanderings through Gipps Land and the south of ihe adjoining colony." MISTAKEN IDENTITY. - The Melbourne papers re- late the following: - A rather curious case of mis- taken identity after death was revealed in Melbourne a few weeks since. A man was discovered lying in a lane of Little Bourke street, in such a deplorable condition of destitution and bodily suffering as to render his removal to the hospital necessary. Where, soon after admission, he expired. An inquest was held on the body, when several witnesses, after viewing the remains, identified them as those of a man named Henry C. Piesse, who they stated, was once a person of considerable means. One of the most attached friends of the deceased in life, piously exhibited a precious relic, in the shape of a letter from the deceased, which he expressed his intention to preserve until the last day of his life, as a memento of the departed. Dr Malony made a post-mortem examination of the body, gave it as his opinion that the immediate cause of death was disease of the lungs and kidneys from want of proper attendance, and the verdict of the jury was to that effect. The body of the man was interred ; many a regret for his demise was expressed by those who knew him, and often was a kind word dropped to his memory. However, a female who was one of those who iden- tified the body at the inquest, was surprised on meeting what, as she for a moment thought was the actual shade of her friend Piesse, haunting the scenes of life. In half terror, half joy, she rushed up to him, and asked him whether he was dead or alive. She deemed she spoke but to his ghost, but he pledged her on his honor he was not dead. It appears the man upon whose dead boJy the inquest was thought to have been held, is alive and well, and who the really deceased person was remains a mystery." 