S: YDNEY SBUMMABY. .-r ' * (Frmte b. if., nIrid.) Or.c ondy *morning;, in tho 'pesenc?,of a ,er great concourse of persons, the Aoglloan Cathedrail of St. Andrew in this city, was coneocrated accord. Ing to the rites and ceremonles of the Church of England by the ,etropolltan Bishop (the flight trs, Dr, Frederick Barker), who was essisted by the sufIragn prelates--the Bishop. nf Adelaide, Mel.' bourne, Newcastle, Brisbane, Ooulburn, and Tanma. cl--together with the Dean of Sydney, Oanons Videl, Stack, King,. and O'Reilly, and a large body of clergymen., This flne building has, therefore, after the lopse' of many tedious year., at length been opened for the performance of Dieine service, in conformity with the use of the Church of Eng. land, ' , o ..g. At hallf.pat ten o'clock'the MLetropolitn srtdhbe -ix eufrregan' bishops began to assemble In the tom. porary building on the north' sider of the cathedral, where they were Joined by about enventy clergymen. Thence the prelates (in thair episcopal babits) 'with their clergy (vested in 'hoods, stoles, and surplice.)' walked in' procession acroes the enclosure on ,the north of the church to the greet western entrance, where they were met, at about five minute. to eleven o'ciock,'by the Very Ilev,'Dean Cowper with other members of the chapter of the cathedral, There the Desn, on behalf of the chapter, presented to the Mletropolitan the formal petition for the consecration of the Cathedral Churchof St. Andrew! and the document wan read aloud by Mr, Barker, the registrar of the diocee. 'The Mletropoliltn Bishop lot mated that it was hie intention to comply with the prayer of the petition,·whereupon .the dean end bhepter braing Joined In the proeesnlon, the lletropolitan (followed by the other bishop eend clergy In attend. ance);proceeded up the middle ailse to the elisr, repeetlng alternately:the 24th Psalm lDomioe ef L t"rre),; The. bishops h:vingotaken:' their pieces lithin the e'emmtnlon rail,, the sentence,of conse. cration was read by the'Chancellor and signed by; the IetropolItan. ·The document Wra handed to the 4t..i( ' Tr" registrar to be registered, which being done it as returned by that oficer to the bishop, and by him laid upon the communioo.tale. Then the Metro. pJiian standing on the north side of the Lord's table , turned to the oongregaion and said4-"Dearly belored in the Lord, forasrmueh as devrout and holy men, as well under the law as under the goepet, moved either by the secrret inspiration of the Ioly Ghost, or by the express command of God, or by their own . * reason and sense of order and deonney, hete erected bouses for the public worship of God, and separatedl: ' them from all protane and common uses; which golly prkctice hath a manifest tendency to ill men's - .. minds wi'h a becoming reverence to the Divine llajesty, and to affect their hearts with devotion and |j $ humility in the service of Gods let us humbly hope that our lteavenly Father will favourably approve t ', our present purpose of setting apart this place in solemn manlier for the performance of the several ofices of religious worehip; and let uaflaithfullyl; and devoutly beg his bleaing. on this our under taking." Then, followed the Lord's Prayer, lan which the whlee congregation (nonsisting of. be.. tween three and four thousand persons) joined; and; -,, next, was said the prayer "0, Eternal (Ud;", after ,' which, the Mletropolitan repeated the six collects '. hbaing special reference to the future ministrations of the church in that building, imploring Divine ' <' bleasing upon the same. . The morning service then commenced, the psalms and lessons being appropriate to the ceremony. 'The 'iF collect used was that of St. Andrew's Day, with a speoial prayer for the ooralion.' i - In the ante'communion service the' opening '.' prayers were read by Dr. Short, the Bishbop of Adoe; I laide. Dr. Thomas, the Bishop of Goulburn, read I the Epistle; the Gospel being read by Dr. Perry, the Bishop of Melbourne. In thle service, as in the' Order for Morning Prayer, there were seerral peciall prayers for the occasion; one after,the Gollect' for the Queen, and one after the Prayer for ther Church Mlilitant. The flrst anthem (ina the Morning Prayer) ' was - the 1st, 2nd,; and' 4th verses of the 81th Psalm, Quam Dilecta (RIlichardson). The first hymn was, Christ .. I, ,' Made the BoSure. Foundation-(St. .Werburgh) and the second,tbhat before the sermon, was'the well.known, hymn beginning withthese 'words- * " Jesus calls us o'er the tumult," &o.--;(Uatti).-- In - consequence of the length of the service there was no voluntary. The preees and responses were Talli's, and the Venite, that by Philip IIayee. The chants of the Proper Psalms wers by Wline, W.; Hayes, and D. Purcell. The ' D?ua?, GregorIan; fifth tone,, , 2nd'ending, and seventh tone, let ending. The r " Kyries in the ante-communion service were by 'l+1 Narer, In F, and the chant for the Nicene Creed, by John Goss. The Bentences at the Ofertory (a very large one) were read by Dr. Tur?lell, the Uishop of Brisbane) and the Prayer for the Church Militant - - was sold by Dr. Bromby, the Bishop of Tasmania. The Metropolitaa then preached a sermon from the following text i-Matthew i., 19, " Follow me, and I will make you fishers of men." .. ; ' After the sermon thel Holy Communion waoes administered. .i'i The entire service was of a cathedral character," the morning prayers being very ably chanted, inr monotone, by the Iev. J. U. Oorlette, the precentor.' The responses and the'psalms were chanted by seventy.-ix lay clerks, and choristers. ' The offertory ' e o was given to the building fund. His Excellency the , Governor and Lady BDelmore were present. " The appearance of the Interior during the servrces ' was very striking, the thouusads of worshippers and-, ' occasional bursts of musio having a most Impressirves effect. 'IMr. Montague Younger presided at the organ, and, Jt is almost. needless to say, did full "l' ustice to the remarkable powers ol that sustrument. i The chaoting was excellent; indeed the entire eer.- ' ' * vice appeared to give very great satisfaction to all preseut, many of whom had never before seen 'the' Interior of St. Andrew's. . + There was a cathedral serrice ln the evening, at '' which the Bishop of Adelaide preached. 'On this ' occasion there was also a very large congregation, the publio (as in the morning) being admitted by tickets, so as to ensure perlect order, and to prevent the, church from being dangerously overcrowded./At this. i( service the preces and responses were by Tallie, the Psalmi, 147 and 148, Gregorian, 6th tone, third end.' Ing; the 149th Psalm, also Gregorian, 8tbh tone, first endingI and the 160th Psalm, to a chant by Pelham' 1- ' Humphrey.' The Magnifoicat and Nuno Dimittie'-" were by. King in F, the creed by, John Goes; and' the Anthem-" Lord for they tender mercies' sake," by 'arrant. - The hymna were, "The Son of God goes forth to war" (Dr. L Mason), and " The straia -.. of prase''-an Introit. The sermon at the morning /" service, this day (Tuesday). wIl be preached by Dr. Perry, the Blhop of Melbourne.- ' '. ," - About one hundred and eighty' gentlemen eat down to a sumituous luncheon, which was served in the Masonio Hall at half.past two o'clock, and which was provided by M.' Compagnoni,' oft Pitt-street. ';[ The toasts given were "the Queen; ' " the Metro. *'I politan and suffragan Bisaops of Australa,"' res.-"' ponded to by the Bishops of Sydney and Adelaide ; and "his Excellency Lord Delmore.r'i:Ir ;- *, "- The company eiparated shortly before five o'clok,' - - Our Parramatta correspondent writes usn -Durlng the past fortnlght,'two gentlemen, both nativee of7 the town, have returned;to'Parramatta from;the 2" mother-country, bringing with .them welliearned honors won in the field of- medlcal science. Mr. U. E. Rowling, the firit of the two to arrive, Is the son of the late Alderman' Rowling of Melbourne, who " was for many years a resident of Parramatta, carry. Ing on businese ae chemist and druggist.', (Mr.' E. E.i Bowling was formerly a scholar in the old King's , - School, after leaving which and acquiring the rudi. *ments of the matleri'emdica, he proceeded to' Eng.' "'1' land and pursued his studies nlo King's College, London, when he successively occupied several Im.''i portant' positions, as bis te'timonials show.-' It; is understood to be Mr. Rowling's intention to practice " '" In Mudgee, where his undoubted abilities will probe. L bly secure him a speedy connection., MIr. Jamese Ilouison, the other gentleman referred to, is the son of Mr. Jarmes louison, one of our oldest lnd'most - ' respected citizens.. Like Mr. Rowling, Mr.' Ionison, - un.,' acquired hit early education at the King's A:> School. . From - thence he went to the Sydney Uni. tis !, versity, where he took hisB.A. 'degree, and then, r 1 proceeded to Scotland to pursue the ordinary course ,' : of medical studies at the University of Edinborgh.'': : Here he obtained.the two degrees of M.B. and O.M1.' ! (Malter in Surgery.) From Edinburgh Mr. IIouiaon'; - went to the medical schools of Paris and Vienna,-' alse visltingS8witlerlaud, Germany, and, Italy, thus " - losing no opportunityof enlarging his profelsionalt , i Iknowledge by personal experience., Mr.:; ouiso n1 .-0 is "at present uncertain as to the exact pbhereof hibls i future movements I but it may well be said that in l ? whatever community he settles down he will prove' ! himsell'a most competent and reliable surgeon and--; , physiclan.,. Much loterest is lelt in Parramatta at ·+ :; this almost limultaneous return of two gentlemen i+i'-] natives of the town, who have acquitted themselves i'i i - so 'well in the past and hare such fair promises for 'I * ' the future. . ',, . , . .i ; Since the recent railway accidents more than ordi-' ,?t? nary vigilance has been exeroised in regard'to the »;., condition of the rolling.stock, and'it is said the-' results have been sunficient to show that close soru.*; - tiny was necessary.: The hon. minieter for workL,'s' has also called for,reports, whioh may probably aid i'",, him in securing, more general efficiency 'and co- 0. * operation in the department, and consequently more,,. reasonable expectations of safety to the public who -i travel by rallway., '., ^.t - Lo v " A . i,.,',if' ' \;, 'During the last few weeks a somliomclal examlna. ,, lion has been made of trade circulare and Involoes, -,+.; and entries at the customs, with aviTew to obtain: ,S further Information in regard to the operation of the *i ·,?; ad valorem duties. - The Inquiry was confined to the ,, Imports of three firms who deal in the same descrip. :I ?; tion of merchbandise, who obtain goods from thesame ,.i,,·' houses, and who are supposed to carry. on business ;.*i under circumstances equally; favorable,. The velue "',', put upon these goods by those who have passed them (*'i' through the customs bhas varied from twenty or fifty. »,0, to a' hundred per ceqt. Thus, presuming that thea ('!s one who paid highest did not favor the treasury (to ,' do which Is by no means a common failing), the ,-.. others obtained through the custom.house an advant .i t,,,. age which would enable them to sell at a lower price, r and make a good profit on *the transactlon by realls. "'" leg the difference between a fair duty and that paid c'-' , on the declared value. If this be so, it li clear, that" .2' there is room for reform in the act, and also in the +' customs' department. ' '"' "' ' * "' ' The splendid steamship Rakali, one of the P. »nl" 'a'i Nr Z. Co.'s line, made her trial trlp'on Thursday. HIer engines, &e;, hare been examlned I nd abshe hba been docked, cleaned, and painted, under the super ' . fntendence of Mr. Dlley, the company's resident '-. engineer,' by Mesre. Mo Arthur and Co.' Cptali 't" Blane, R N., and Captain J. Vine lHall Invited a few friends to accompany them on the trip. '.The lrkakla' :., proceeded fire or six miles outside the Heads, end, then returned to the waters opposite the quarantine station.' litre, for upwards of an'hour,' the parly enloyed the hospitality of the above gentlemen. peneral regret wa expressod at the ponsibllity of * t· S" i i .+?+: ?+'+,i,,:+?' -+, .+- ? ' ,: ++ / thesm plendid ships beiag talten off the line; and a kindly feeling of sympathy was manifested towards the company that their exertlone had failed to secure the eupltrt and patronage which tty thd so richly merited of the Australian colonles. I : : re te pirln. * The R ..8. Atone, Captain A. B. .Farquhir, arrived in port at 4 30 a.m. on Friday, with the Eoropeen mails up to the 9th October, being two days fourteen and a half hours before the contract time. The ship left Galle on the 4th November, at 9 a.m., arrived at King Oeorge's Soand on the 18th November at 9 50 p.m., left on the 1lth at 11.40 a.m., and arrived at tMelbourne on the 24th at 7.35 p.m., left at 10.25 p m. for Sydney. lied moderate trade winds to'King GeorgeJ' Sound, thence foe weather and light winds. . One of the members for Weut Sydney, Mrr 8. A. Joseph, now absent 'n Entland, has resigned his seat, so that there will; in ell probability, be a eon. test for a. metropolitanconstituency immediately upon the 're-asaembling of parliament. ' For Central Cumberland there are two csndidates in the field for the seat vacated by Mr. Mrpherton, vi., Mcr. A. II. Mc Culloch and Mr. 8. Lyons.r The nomination for Central Cumberland will take place at Liverpool, on Monday, the ilth December; and the polling on t Thursday, the 17th. :The date of the West Sydney election bas not yet been announced. The government inspector of charities proceeded to Newcastle on Saturday for the purpose of vislting and reporting upon the female reformatory at New. castle. - We also understand that though the " social acts" hare been long In existence, no regulations were framed undtr them by the previous adminlsttra tion. This duty bha been left to the present govern. ment, who.are now drawing 'up and intend to enforce the necessary regulations under the Reforma. tory Industrial Bchools Act in the course of a few days. .* . ' r ' ' - ' * 'L ' '. ' ' '. \' ;r ' . ' .* A molt' deplorable boat accident occurred on Satorday afternoon, near Woollahra Point, nose Day, about one hundred yards from the shore, by which two young men were drowned. Three sons of Mr. 'Frederick Oatley; euperintendent at the Glebe Island Abattoir and .brother to Mr. James Oatley, l.L A.; together with an elderly gentleman, named lIr. Ball, hired a skitf from Mr. S. Richard. son, Double Bay, on Saturday morning, about ten o',lock, and proceeded on a flihing excursion. They went;round to Woollahra Point, IlRose Day, where they remained fishing for some time, and were about returning in the evening when the unfortunate occurrence happened. + James Oatley, aged twenty years, was In the act of pulling up the kellick, when be by some meant lost his balance and fell over board. 'It appears that he could not swim. III brother William; aged twenty-tbree,' who was a good swimmer, Immediately Jumped into the water to save him: ,The third brother; agcd about ten years, and Mr..Dall who'were in the boat were powerlees to save or to render assistance. ' William succeeded in getting to his brother James, but unfor. tunately'the boat had drifted some distance from where the two struggling brothers rose to the surface. William called out for an oar to be thrown to him, but the gentleman in the boat was labouring under too much nervous excitement to comply wilbh the re quest. William could not disentangle himself from his brother, '.who retained his grasp in the hope of being saved, for, as before said; he could not swim. The two' brothers sank and rose several times, * clarped together, their struggles for life being of the most heartrending description. The last time they were seen to rise they were still struggling. If the boat had not drifted, or If the elderly gentleman or the onunger.brother'had held on to thae kellick, William would, in all probability; have succeeded in catching hold ol the boat and liave sared both him. self and his brother from a death so calamitous. The witnesses of theirl struggles being' incpable of rendering help saw.both the brothers perish* before their eyes.': On Sunday'morning at four o'clock Messrs. Richardson and lHelmes, of Double Bay, the former in charge of Mr. J. Oooper's yacht Peri, and the latter in :Mesles. Lassetter and Fairfex's yacht Nereld, started for the scene of the accident./ They provided themselves with drags and lines, to which were attachedhundreds of fishing hooks. After dragging for several hours they succeeded In recover ing both the'bodies not far from each other. '.he " bodies bled freely In those parts where the honks had penetrated.,e The shirt of the elder brother, William,' was much torn, as f. it had occurred in the struggle to release himself. from the grasp of his younger brother. r The police boat went down to Rose Day after the bodies bsd been recovered, and removed them to the residence of their afflicted parents at Woollahra.;' Much credit is due to Meslsr. Richard* son and IIolmes, for the prompt and effective way in which they went about the duty of recovering the bodies. : ' ,/ *).*.' ( : P . . „.; . From tile Prlemh' Jouarn) ' "a a - We bear from undoubted authority that It is the Intention of. the ex.premler'and attorney.general, Mr. Martin, to give notice upon the meeting of the House, of'a motion of* wnt of *confidence in the Robertsonlan government, on account of the change in the statue.of the attorney.general.' ?lr. Martin promiled'that he would offer no obstruction to the incominlo government. ' Ilow' worthily'and' well he is fulfilling blh pledge first, by sending the champton of protection to oppose Mr. Samuel at Wellington; and now; by opposing the government because the post of attorney.general has been made a non-political one-ar poet of justice and right instead of a post of political might, oppression, and spite. Mr. Robertson has seen the iniquity of it that it may be, and douhbtless has been, made to serve political interest.: That politics and party should be permitted to Interfere with the administration of Justice ii Indeed a crying evil.: 'No one man should have the power of life and death, or even the liberty of the sutaject,'under, bls sole control., That either should be trifled with at the caprice of an attorney general is something fearful to contemplate. .'A case which, r. Robertson mentioned in his speech at Orafton .Is. deserving: of especial' notice. ' One White-headed Bob was suspected of having forged I the name of William Nash. .The .bank paid' the money I :and, Mr.'i Martin, attorney.general .and premier, hadito prove for the bank that It was no forgery. In this, however, Mr. Martin failed ; and yet, In another court,* we: find this lame White* headed Bob prosecuted' by r. Martin, as. grand Jury, publio prosecutor, &o;,, &o;,; and be proved that It was a forgery. ' Is not this demorallisng-brlnging justice Into' contempt-that an attorneypgeneral eohild forget and depart from his high position, and for\ hire, undertake to' prove a' man guilty in one court, and falling to do so, to prosectite him to coon viction, criminally, in another? Mr. Marltin' objeoc tlon will,' doubtleds,' be that. Mr.' Robertson has arrogated to himself too much power and patronage. But is not the liberty of the subject of much more fmportance than that Mr. Robertson or'any other' premier thall have any extra amount of tatron'eg ? That this radical change will be severely criticlsed we are confident; that it will meet with the appro. batlon ofthe' country and all'righbt-mnded men, * both legal and non.legal, we are as confident'" The bare possibillty of a miscarrlige of justlce-and even life and death being made subservient to political purposa or party,feeling, ls alone an answer to Mr, Martin. Tbhe tLanks of the community are dne to M. r. Robertaon forithe. manlystand he has taken. Regardless, of political capital ore accessIon of s trenglh-regardltie 6f party Intereat- regardless of all save the ,wellu.bln?, and protection ol 'the colonlsta:he,, has ,had .. iate'pluck' and deter mination to remove thisdisgrace to the colony. The acceptance by Sir William Manning of the oafce of attorney- general, without a seat in theo cabinet or executive, will be welcomed by allt right.minded people.' Ue is a gentleman of position, ability, and undoubttl probly,.! The interests of justice will be well and truly served and the offce worthily filed . by him, free from political' blas,and unfettered by *oy partyfeeling or strife. ,:'. '., : 'i. , . ' i" ' * 