VICTORIAN AFFAIRS. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) ' MELBOURNE, Decemher9. ? I Yietori.in P.iriinment is to re-assemble early • vnarv, great expectations are entertained t Tlie Opposition appear inactive, as if they l^iallv fi' ve " K' 103t > but I sftould not be 'regard their apparent inaction for what 61 ,| eBionstrativeness not being a peculiarity narfcv. Doubtless they are preparing for the Je all the morc arduously, because they make [Lnoiso. There are rumours of dissension in Tjjjjjcterial camp- did yon ever know when Irtie r, 0t ? Not being much of a politician, I | tff,resent myself as a judge of such matters ; liuWnU from ordinary appearances, the Chief ILj takes matters so coolly that I cannot hold [to be conscious of much danger, and this is j js «aiil hy others morc shrewd and observant your humble servant. Some of the juvenile nbers of the Cabinet, as I learn, are jealous of I other, bat they are at the same time extremely al>,mt each other. The talk is that when 0115 , js another Ministerial crisis we shall have r a Cabinet out of the Corner—an extreme jjatic Corner, or one formed hy a junction of Lrites and Moderates. If this is not to take (until the country is satisfied to accept either jjement, I fancy it will he the time when the Ijsejtpceted to fall, and we may calculate upon jjj any amount of larks. I hear the Govern- |t have almost completed their scheme of re- Icliraent in the Civil Service, and that the Estibawl thereupon will be ready almost at the r of the Houses. Contrary to expectation, |rears revenue has turned out remarkably well, seems to be no dread of a deficit—at t to any serious extent. This ought to put the g into pood humour, if it were a purely iitic House ; but then, yon know, it is so hard et?n honorable members to be always in the Iiotic rein. .Sir Francis Murphy will probably or for the last time as Speaker in the coming [on, but this depends. Until the Government (provision for him hy the pension to which he w well entitled, Sir Francis will of course cone in harness. lis rumoured that the squatters will not have so i to complain of in Mr. Grant's new amending ifl Bill. In his recent interview with delegates ntbc free selectors, Mr. Grant expressed himliljerallv enough, hut he laid special emphasis i the fact that the question should be de- J in view of the interests of the squatters and general public, and not that of the agriculturists e. From such a source this is much, and the ! oral tenantry would do worse than imitate the i of the selectors, and have a chat with the ister of Lands on their own account, fe have long been happily free from religious Itntinn, and may it he many a year before we really troubled with a curse which would be tally as a plague affecting our physical frames. > are one or two suspicious symptoms. • It ftears that the Roman Catholics still have their lite set npon the Eastern Hill Reserve, and I do Iwonder at this, because the land is convenient It Patrick's Cathedral. It appears, however, l! they want it for a church and school for the bftra Brothers—some monks who have recently [ml from Ireland. For some reason or other, s an innocent one enough, when first applyto Government for the land, the Catholics made mention of the Christian Brothers. What is Wily a very harmless omission is now made iof liy the opposite party, and, to hear the simile, one would think we were in danger of a [AlaMe plot. The opposite party ought to have re sence than to favonr even the semblance of prim rancour; but the blame seems primarily Ninth Messrs. O'Grady and Gillies, who, when biers of the Sladen Ministy, put this Eastern 11 business into a precious mess. There are rucn of some very unchristianlike demands having Bfressed upon the Government by the extreme j [tetant party ; but there are extremes on both I s,antl it is the duty of all sensible and really reus men of all denominations to discourage so I bahle a spirit. i ipt,".in Stark has got his first batch of Victorian j Inkers for New Zealand, who sailed for the j pof war in the Alhamhra to-day. How is it | t the New Zealanders don't fiaht their own Kes? When that foolish Fenian display took Ice in the Hokitika churchyard some months kvohnteer regiments sprang into existence like jirnnm?, but these gallant warriors seem to have alilenly .subsided. To be sure, no fighting was ; rebemled when they first offered their services • they could not be pressed to the front. 