ADDITIONAL NEWS MAIL. [From the American and Pacific papers, from . Greville & Co.'s files.] A new indictment, it is considered probable, will be framed' against; Jeff. Davis. The Grand Jury of the1 United States Court at Richmond are still taking testimony in the matter.:; ; . Prize-fighting is'apparently becoming ; a popular institution in America, the sporting papers giving an account of an " issue" of this kind, between Sain Collyer and Win.. Kelly for $1,000, in which, after 111 rounds, the former was "the winner. In another engagement, be tween Bussy and Duffy, for a like sum, near Chicago, 135 rounds were fought, and Bussy won apparently bj virtue of superior powers of endurance! ; | There was a most remarkable meteoric? display observed from 2 till 4 a.m. of the? 14th November in various parts of Ame rica. During about three hours soma 1,500 were noticed. Weston, the American pedestrian, iat astonishing the natives in America by attempting 1,226 miles—from Portland to Chichago—in 26 secular days, for $10,000 dollars! . . Seth Wilber Payne has also started to walk from New York to San Francisco in 150 days—-a distance of 3,300 miles. He will take notes aS he goes for publication, as he is an author as well as a pedestrian.; : A Mr. James Yerner, a delegate from the Tailors' National Emigration Society of London, on November 29, had an in terview with the President, to ask assis tance in aid of the strike of the journey men tailors of London, who had been ort strike for the previous seven months. The President presented him with f50 for the above purpose, and in an address tb Mr.1 Yerxier 'and his co- delegates, gave isome^of'his' early' experiences as a tailor, and explained, inter- alia', that the saying '1 Nine tailors make a man" arose from an indigent tailor being assisted by nine of his fellow-workmen, and eventually coming to a high position and wealth. An explosion of nitro-glycerine took placerat, South~Berjen, New -Jersey,-on November 24- by which nine men lost -their.lives.' ■■ .j : In' Montreal 'a little French newspaper is published, expressly to advocate annex ation to the United States. A circular has been addressed to the Roman Catholic clergy of the Baltimore diocese, directing the offering of prayers, the collect pro Papa, until further notice, and oh Sundays after the. late mass the litany of the saints with five paters and aiies for the safety and prosperity of the Holy Father. The'trotting season in America closed by a few events on the Union Course, December 4. Kate, in harness, did two miles and.repeat in >5.45. Captain did four one-mile heats, harnessed to a waggon, in an average of 2 mm. 5(j sec. By a telegram. received from Jamaica, under date November 12, 1867, some very sensational information is given. A new insurrection is feared in retaliation for the punishments inflicted by the British Government. Men, women, nor children are to be spared. The move ment is expected to take place at Christmas. In Hayti (St. Domingo) insurrectionary troubles against the Government of Salnave still continue. The trial of Jeff. Davis has been further postponed till 22nd March next, with the understanding, that if at that time it shall be deemed most advisable the case shall be put off till next term. The j Herald suggests, ironically, to Congress the passage of a Bill giving leave of absence of 20 years to Davis, as the easiest way of settling the difficulty of his trial.. On Charles Dickens's first reading at Fremont Temple, Boston, after all the seat tickets were sold, the box office was opened, and no less than 1,000 tickets for standing-room were sold. In Virginia" a curious plot has been discovered. A ghost has been for some time disturbing the peace of Albermarle, and'it has been eventually discovered that the quasi supernatural exhibitions were effected by a negro with the aid of a magic lantern, he having been employed by one Morris, with a view to terrify the occupants of a certain farm, so that they might sell to Morris and clear out. Prince Salm-Salm has been liberated by the Mexicans, on the intercession of Mr. Plumb, the United States Consul. The opening of the portion already completed of the Union Pacific Railway, has effected a considerable reduction in the time'-of transit' between California and New York;, the- mails are now run through in 15 days, so that. allowing 40 days for the passage from China to Cali fornia, and 9 or 10 from America to England, a Liverpool merchant may have China advices by letter in 64 days. A new international coin has . been struck by the French Government for circulation in. France, America, or Eng land, having a cognizable value in each country, viz. :—25 francs, 5 dollars, and 1 sovereign, or 20 shillings respectively, this will tend to facilitate - monetary affairs. 