THE CIRCUIT COURT.-The Circuit Court commenced its sittings here on Wednesday, and since then has been busily engaged with Jhe somewhat heavy calendar that awaited it. The business of the Court will likely be brought to a close to- day. MR. JOHN VARLEY, who has for so many years filled the post of Clerk to the Adelaide Local Court, has been appointed Stipendiary Magistrate at Kapunda. APPOINTMENTS.-Mr William Thomas Gore of Narracoortc as l-een appointed to act as surveyor under the provisions of the real pro perty act of 1861. Win, P. Walker Esq., to be revising Officer for the Electoral District of Victoria. MrE. 11. Scott to be clerk of the Local Conrt at Penola, vice Artaud, resigned ; Dr. W. T. Clendining as Medical Officer to attend to the destitute poor within the district of Kapundrt. . Punr.ic WORKS.-Up to the close ofI8G7 £9G82 17s Gd had been expended on the Mount Gambier Hospital; and £4755 l.s 9d on the jetty at Kobe; and £2099 6s Gd on the Telegraph station at Kingston. The Public Works Office have carried forward £91,102 of unexpended balances from 18G7 into 18G8. During 1887 .£138,027 2s 5d has been spent in Public Works, of which amount £61,822 was spent in Adelaide. ELECTION NEWS. - On Wednesday a, public meeting convened by Mr H. Kent Hughes' committee/ was held in the school house Glen burn io. Mr N. A. Lord presided. Between 40 and 50 electors were present. Mr llughes addressed the meeting princi pally on the land question, free distillation, education, the improvement of Port Mac Donnell, and roads and railways. At the close n vote in his favour was carried un animously. On Thursday afternoon Mr Hughes met tlic electors' of£). 13. Flat dis trict in the school-house/ when thurc was between 15 and 20 present Mr G. Slielton was voted to the chair. Hei'o also the vote was unanimously in favour of Mr Hughes. On Thursday evening Mr Hughes held a meeting at Sir P. Iioop's refreshment roo'm, Yahl Paddock, when about 2u electors were present, including a good sprinkling from ihe Mount. Mr J. Ingleby was voted to the chair, and introduced Mr llughes, who then at some length explained his political opinions. After which a great number of questions were aslced and a long discussion ensued as to the relative merits of the can didates, which was entered into with great spirit by Messrs. Shelton, Dorrington, J. Uropherston, and A. IL Varley, on behalf of Mr Hughes, and by Messrs. Graham, G. D. Wyatt, J. ITarvic, and J- 13. Miller, on behalf of Mr West. On n show of hands being taken the Chairman declared the numbers for Mr West 8, for Mr Hughes 8, and gave the casting vote for Hughes. Some hcarLy cheers being given for the respective candidates the meeting dispersed. MR. J. C. LYON.-Our Adelaide corres pondent vrites nsfollows:-"Havingnoticed in one of your late issues, a paragraph com menting upon the reference made to Mr. J. C. Lyon in one of my communications, will you permit me to mention what I know re specting the matter. The Government, for various reasons, resolved upon transferring Mr. Lyon to the Kapunda Local Court cir cuit, and notified their intention to him. As the fact of the contemplated transfer was unknown to the Adelaide public, until it reached them from Mount Gambier, it is very evident that it must have been published through Mr. Lyon, who thus adopted the unusual course of making an official and private notification known a considerable time before the matter notified was to take effect. In doing this it id impossible to imagine that he could have refrained from expressing his personal feelings on the sub ject, for no friends of his would be so rash as to get up an agitation in opposition to his wish. The .agitation having been onee started, and having assumed the form it did, it would have been subversive of all proper administrative principle for the Government to have yielded and consented to continuing the Stipendiary Magistrate in liis position. And with regard to the harsh treatment spoken of, I am able to state that Mr. Lyon had not been deprived of office at the time your paragraph appeared. No notice had been taken of the subject in the Gazelle, and the Ministry were exceedingly reluctant to proceed to extremities. I have good autho rity for believing that so late as Thursday last they would have permitted Mr Lyon to proceed to his new station if lie had felt any disposition to express regret for having caused trouble previously. Whether the locum pcenilcnlicc has now expired I cannot say. My object in writing this is not to shield the Government from censure which the information at your disposgl may prove them deserving of, but chiefly to explain the grounds on which my former comments were based." To CORRESPONDENTS-An elector asks if Mr. West, the candidate, is the same who keeps an eating-house near Langhorne's Creek ? Certainly not. Mr. G. D. Wyatt writes to us. contradicting a report which he says has been circulated that he has become a ITnghite. He is still a staunch supporter of Mr West. Extracts from Pasquin. re ceived. " IJanquo's Ghost"-The subject had better bo referred to Mr. Kiddocli's Comnitfteo. : Ms. FANNER.-Mr Fanner, pianoforte and harmonium tuner, is now in Mount Gambier j and will bo happy to attend to professional, orders. This is his first visit but ho intends in future to embrace Mount Gambier in; his periodical tours throughout the colony. Mr Fanner is highly recommended by those who havo employed him in tho wes tern J district of Victoria. I PEARL FISIITNG.-'The Wallaroo Times \ slated a few weeks back that pearls were being obtained on the coast there, and that there was no doubt a profitable industry in that line could be opened out. Mrs Smith,' late of Ivivoli Bay, informs us that Imany years ago she found numbers of pearls* at iJivoli Bay. They were obtained from two kinds of shell fish abounding in the bay; and she has no doubt if there was a demand for them .they could be obtained in sufficient quantity to-make tho search for them a pro fitable pursuit, . CONCERT.--A concert got up by the Ger man Liedertafcl, Mount Gambier, in aid of the funds of tho Lutheran Church, Clara vino, eame off in tho O. and F. Hall on Wednesday evening There was a capital house-the four shilling seits being well filled. Of course tho Liedcrtafel were the principal performers, and elicited hearty applause for several of tho pieces rthey brought out; but tho . contribnti6ns of Messrs. Grouch, Maisey, Olfo, Peel, Blase, Jens, and Leischke, were perhaps fully more appreciated than the more elaborate and. fciVntific efforts of tho Liedertafcl. Mr. Jonas presided at tho pianoforle, and during the evening a lady amateur played several airs in a very brilliant style.. Thero was one defect in the performances fo which it is only right to refer. Through the Hall being decorated with a largo mass of drapeiy, flags, &c.;, its sounding capabilities were much deadened, and to Ibis was tci-be attri buted the flatness with which several of the pieces -.vent off. But for this the ccinccrt would have, gone off tfitli much more spirit than it did. " . " VESTRY MISCTING.-'The Vestry of Christ Church met yesterday, lie Ven. Archdeacon Twopeny in the chair., The minutes of >ast .meeting we're, -read and confirmed, 'and the tynlance-sheet pns?ed. The following elections were then' made:-Synodsmen, Henry Kent Hughes, and Fred. Grant; Wardens, j. II. C. -Mann, and John Tnglcby; Sidesmen, Charles Allchin, sen., and Henry Powell. DEAP JIORSB.-A correspondent inform us that a dead horse is lying on the Ray roa<l near -the tenth mile post, and that it forms a dangerous nuisance. We have np doubt the lload Board will see to have it removed. KOBE.-Mr W. Henry Taylor, who was charged with sheep-stealing at the Circuit Court, Ivofie, on Thursday last, was acqiiitted. THE HEV. MR. TJIOMAS of the Primitive Methodist Church, met with a severe accident on Tuesday last. lie was proceed ing up Elizabeth-street on horseback, when his horse was frightened by an emu anct threw him. The Rev. gentleman fell ori his head, and sustained severe injury about the neck. Wo arc glad to state that Mr. Thomas is now almost Well again. CATHOLIC BAZAAR.-The bazaar in connec nection with the lloman Catholic Church here, opens on Tuesday next. We. under stand there will be quite a grand, display of tempting goods. 