GENERAL ASSEMBLY OF THE PRESBY- TERIAN CHURCH OF NEW SOUTH WALES. SESSION THE FOURTH, í hist ¡SHDimtNT -The General ABsemoly of((hu Presby tciiun Church of New South Wales met, ou Tuesday oven mp last, m (ho Phillip slroot Church I Av largo attendance < f ministers and e Iden, from different parts of tho teilnny were pie sent, with a mixed audience of the laity The. retuing Muderatoi - the ltov Dr Robert Stool, the minister of St Stephen s Church, in Maequarie- Btreet-preached tho iiccimlomcd oniiuiil honuon, solecting for his te xt the forty ninth terso of the 24th chaptoi of tho Gospel according to St Luke -"Behold, t send the promise »f mt luther upmtou but tear) )oin lue City of Jeiusilem, until te bo eneiued with power from on high llio Phkachmi began by stating that primitive Christianity bud loag been the oagcr dosire of many in tho Church of God, becauso it had boon |udgod te bo tho healthiest and best form of religion-both lu respoot i.f inward expeiicnce and of outward form All did no<, however, seek tho primitivo Tailh in tho samo position By some it was sought for in tho ago nearest to the Ajioflles, when tho doctrine and tho government of tho Church w ero supposed to hat o been moro fully and moro correctl) expressed than even in tho Apostolic ago By thifo tho corly Fathers of tho first three centuries wore chitlly esteemed as modols, in preference oven to the inspired twelvo Others, again, fixed upon tho Apostolic ige gencrall) as thnt exhibiting tho highest expression of Clnistian life, and tho best development of ecclesiastical organisation Such persons saw m tho «cal and order of tho Apostolic tunes tho mould m which the plot) and polic) of (ho Church should still be cast It was, however, the period anterior to both of these, the Pentecostal period of the Church, that immediately conséquent upon tho ascension of Christ - when ii life of faith and pi ayer pretailcd moro than oider and disciplino-which many were disposed to íegard as thnt upon whiah thoy should dcbire to model thcinscltos, and to frame tho constitution of the Churoh That was a pi nod in which mon would lind whit was moro essential than ant form of worship and onie i of government, thoj would lind tho spirit of hfi - a something supeiioi t« external means and activities, gitmg to them all a special value and eflicai) Whilst tho Church of Christ was waiting for »ho "promise of the Patlier '-tho out- pouring of the liol) Spirit-thoy had not only been con- stant m pia) cr, but lind waited m faith and in piticnco. Pritmg tbiough the Only Mediator, whom the) then, for the first tune, moro fully understood, tho heavy atlliction tho) had undergone had only served to increiiBO tho devo- tion of (he Disciples of Our Lord Thoir pra)or was, moi cot ei, of a united and social character, and w us, after a few dots, abundantly answered bj the descent ol the Holy GboM on the day of Pentecost 1 ho preacher dosci ibeel, in animated terms, »he glorious success of tho ellorts which weio thereafiei made by tho Apostlos and other followcis of oui Blessed Lord In (his grand succcsi., b) which in one day 3000 souls ttcie added (otho Church, God had answered tbo praters of (he detout, loting, and liberal Pentecostal Church The lather tímelo good his promise to the Church, and He still vouchsafed His spirit as the answer to fenent pr«)er, although the gift of tongues and the power of working nunn 1rs had ceased If the) hoped lo see tho minist.it oi the Weird successful in these da) s to the saving of immortal bouIs the) must bo fervent in pra) cr Thoipreaehcr lm-istcd strongl) on the dignity and lmport aneoofthc iinuisteiiul oflne, and eamestl) besought his hearers to pra) that tho picachcis of the Word might alwa)8 no upheld in Ihe pcrfoi monee of then dutics,"as heralds of the Prince of Peace , enabled at all tunis, te speak with such power as to carn conviction into the hearts of their hen rent After service the Moderator constituted the Assembly with pin) cr, and the Assembl) at once proceeded to business The minutes of tho last Assembl) were dill) confirmed, and (Oidcied to bo signed by tho Moderator Ihe roll of the Afcicuibly was then made up at coi ding to tho eertihod rolls sent in from »ho Presb) tenes-Ibu members present answer- ing lo then names Ihe Assembl) proceeded to elect a Moderator for the ensuing ) ear The Clerk read tho nomi- nations of Presbyteries which had beeu received by lum when it appeared (hat the dioico of tho Presb) terios bud fallen on the Rev William Ross of Goulburn His selec- tion had been signified b) a ter) Imgoinaioritv The Retiring Moderatoi (Dr Stih) thanked the General Assembl) for the henrt) co operation which ho had reçoit ed dilling his term of office, and expressed the gratification which it uRordcel him to find that his suceessor in the Moderator s chau was one who had been one of the pioneers of their Church in this colony-a gentleman whose Hame had, for the last thirty years, Wen honourabl) ossociuted with the history of Presb) feminism in thiB land The Rot William Boss, of Goulburn, wo» thereupon dcclored to bo duly oleeted, and was formally conducted lo the chair by the late Moderator, tho members of the Assembly testif)ing their respect by standing whilst he took his scat Tho MoDEitATOit then proceeded to address the Assombly as follows - "FatIIIbS AMI BltETHURrt, " Permit mo to thank ) ou smcorel) for the honoui vou hate conferred upon mo by placing me m tho chair of tho Moderatorship My great foar is, thut 1 am no1 possessed of the «molinciitions which are required for filling the office with that success to bo expected by you At any rate, as far as my abiht) goes, as far as good will for the causo will carr) me, as far bb unfeigned lote foi otu Zion will inlluonoe me, and us far as the genuino spirit will anímateme, I will not bo veiy far behind the cinotest of my respected and osttemod predecessors 1 must tell you candidly that for many years I have had but little practice in Church Court«, and, indeed, »he loaning ot ni) mind wa« never much attracted m tho direction «f tho details of ecclesiastical lurisprudc nee lheiefoio 1 um dilhdent in entering on a dulv not full) m ace oi dante with ni) ordi- när) predilections-a duttelcmandmga knowU-dgo of greater reach than I can lu) claim to-a duty necessitating a breadth of discrimination bo)nnd mt powers But leltiug on the kindness, the forbearance, and assistance of my fathers and brethren in the mimstit and eldûrehip I tike courage and proceed to the work with the manly and straightforward de termination to consult with ton the glory of God, the oidei and L,ood of nis hotiso, und tho adt ancraient of true and undelilcd religion m our land and among our people " Sutler mt no» to oiler a few reiimiks on the following points First-our dutt as ministers of the ovoi lasting Gospel It may seem needless to address »his General Assembl) on sueh a sulject, when the diligeneo and the experience of the ministers in this the most glorious of all callings, m Ibis the most »oleum of all earthly engage- ments, aro considered The tluty bus been long pmetmed and faithfully performed , it has boon your joy to preach Christ and Him crucified, it has been the delight of t our hearts to bow the seed of eternal life in tho seteral fields in which tuu ure labouring it has been your cenifort, amid munt difficulties, und in the solitude of many exeuisions, to sound the tmmpot of salvation to )oui fellow immortals-it has boen your exceeding honour to proclaim as the Loid s ambassadors the message of peaco and reconciliation to them who are afar off, and to them who aro nigh-and it has cheered you, as lit n sweet charm, soothmg )our spirits when you hate warned sinners of then danger, opened »ho treasures of redeeming and pardoning merey, and unfolded to them the glael tidings ' God islote' m Christ Jesus " If it be so, wh) should on) more be said Our inten- tion is to call to your remembrance, and stn ud )our pure minds b) tho asfoeiatioDB of your past triumphs, and strengthen them with the hopes of mcieiised success in your future minietiations Think of the wat the Lord has hitherto led you and blessed )ou,-und will vou not be m tigdiatcd to run, us )ou havo run, oven to the end The past of a minister's sei vico, with its lights and shades, reminds him of tho oppositions ho met and over- came, aud nerves ta meet and ovoicomo present and coming oppositions A sense of foi met successes in defence ol tho truth, and m vindicating it from the designs of epen and secret foes, is a powerful mean of making him bolder still m dofcnihng tho truth Ile fought »he battle before, and felt himself to bo tictonous, and thus doubl) armed w ith his veteran expenenees, ho goes when called upon, down, down to tho light, ii soldier who has no fear but foi the 'aik of God Our warfare is not carnal, but spiritual-our aims Bhould not bear the ' sheen of deliauce, but the bright and lustious adorn- ment of lovingness to the angiy eneni) The sword wo wield should not be sharpened into a point of piercing bit- terness and nine ur, but mado keen and penetrating by mcicv's sweetness and chant) s kindliness Weare the ministers of peace and goodwill from Heaton to a rebellious and pcrteitc {.eneration , we should thoretore use (ho mild- ness, combined with the manliness of persuasion, >ot at Ino same time netei eompre iiiismg the firm rejolvo ot contend- ing at all ha/uids, under all resístame, for the faith once deinercd to the faints The existing dungois b) which the Church of Chi ist is surrounded ought to stimu- late to increased watchfulness at oui posta-to stn up u broad and wide, and fur looking care, lest the appi ouches to the citadel be occupied, and the circle of our operations bo unhappily narrowed by any sudden and stealthy inroad of the pertertors of the Gospel, to quicken into activitt the powers of defence with which we ure provided, and which never fail in the houi of need, against the bnnded hosts who maintain error and false doc- trine , and to 'stand (o our arms with tjlinnt, undis niujcel, und unflinching heaits, whenoicr and w herat or the alarm is sounded that ' the enemy is udtancing How glorious is the kingdom to whoso King we havo swoin allegiance, m whoso causo tve aro enlisted, and foi whoso honour and crown we aro ealled to do battlo against tho mighly How precious the liberties, both of thought and conscience, of worshipping etery ono under his own fig- tree, without any to make us afraid, with which wo are solemnly entrusted, and as solemnly enjoined to bund down ununpaired t« the generations to come How noble and invaluablo the privileges, designed to clot ate and reform tho moral and social condition of our kind, to promote all that is vutuous, and destroy all that is ot ii, which wo hate to recommend And how excellent are the doctrines of the dispensation committed to us, bricht with saltation, immortalit), and heavenly bliss, winch wo are ordained to preach fo the woild 0, is it not a duty, an honour, a pre eminence, the worthiest dignity boyond comparison, to teach sinners tho plan of pardon and lustificutii n , to run out the lino of hopo, te tho gi asping hands of tho perishing, to let m tho light of promised de lneiance upon the eaptitcB of sin, to bring back the wanderers to the home of weleomo and cheerfulness, and to administer joy to tho sad and hopo'oss outcast. "To preserve this boon of God is the sublimity of a faithful Christian ministry , hero is tho Btronghold of {tWttu-es tUit uiuBt,,bo tont fron, tho spoil«, «ad urotocted. willi a vigilance, « jealousy, und ilofenninHlion which will defy the nblci-t a«\wWl a> (be. mont pluusiblo attempt« of Ihe5?-and their namala leerinrf)-who aro not obedient to the Gopcl.nf the Son o"f God, ¡holding the tnith ii» un rightcoiisufN). / , ,\ * j '*, It ia not to bo di-uit-d that ni urti ha« of'látelbeorí' written ngiimst tho genuineness of Hie Scriptures, WtHey hove Ix-en rettived and believed in by the nnc^onir> rlntl " modem evangelical Chuirhet,-liberlie-H of tlu^ most/tin.-' tvuiiaiitubln kind arc taken viith' thn Divine testimony ; íellcctions of »he gravest character aro cast upon »hu in- trant)- und truthfulness of (he ' living oracles ;' scliolai hliip of the highest order has sought (o uudennino the book of inspiration ; a pcarrhing criticism has boldly vontured to pronounce an unfavourable decision on the deliverance»« of llio holy men who npoko as (hey were moved by (ho Holy Ghost. Tlicfc efforts to meddle so unceremoniously with tho sanctities of Scripture aro imagined to be necessitated by tbe ago of progress, and tho requirements of a va»tly enlarged intcUcctualú-m; it appears to my huniblo judg- ment that tho progress of the age, and »he enlarged intellcctualisni havo presumed rashly »o adjudícalo on "a subject us much 'boyond »heir legitimate province as it is boyond tho reach of their boosted capacity. Who can .comprehend God in tho works of creation, whethor in thoir .greatness, or their lit- tleness ? Who can measure the infliiity of spaco in which (bo countless orbs of thoso heavens aro rolling!' Who can concoivo adequately of (ho Being who upholds in such beautiful harmony (he thronged worlds '»hat uro looking down upon us in twinkling radianoo from distances that wcU nigh tranwend »bo power» of numeration ? And yet tho God who made Orion and tho Pleiades, who has gar- nished spaco with starry nebula«, in comparison with sumo of which our milky way, mighty as it, is in oireumferonco, bicadlli, and depth, sinks into smallnesB, is tho Author of the Biblo. Scan tho omnipotence of Jehovah in tho tirma menti and be very humblo and chastened. Cast your oye on the wonders ot redemption as »hoy are unfolded in tho boofci-bc not bigh-minded, but adoro, and rejoice with trembling. If tho loudest and most thrillintr note iu the 'music of »ho spheres' is, 'the hand th-it rando us is divino," the softes( sweetest note in tho song nf redemp- tion is, ' God so loved the world, that Ho sent His sou not to cindemn, but to save the work!." "Now it ib our prerogative, as it is our duly, to dcclnro what God bas speiken, and just as ho has spoken, that souls may be saved-to be instant in urging on our people the authority of the word, convincing them that ' He hath sot His word above the beavens,' that it contains in fallibly ' His will for our salvation.' Thus, will we fulfil our duty ob ministers of tho everlasting Gospol, opprovo our- selves unto the conscience» of the pooplo, be good stewards of the truth as it íb in Jesus, be fatthful distributors of the inheritance of (ho Church, and bo workmen who need not bo ashamed in (he husbandry of God. "I would say to my younger brethren, if they will boar with mc who can count more years in the ministry than somo of them probably ran count as tho term of their life, study the Bible, drink deep, deep of its spirit, prayerfully coUbider its teachings, by type, snerifico, prophecy, parable, miracle,promiBO, and hope. There you Will lind narrative unrivalled in simplicity, and descriptivencss ; elocjuenco unequalled in (sublimity, because natural and unatir-ctcd ; poetry unpurallcled for beauty, for imagery, for stately grandeur of expression and sentiment, for' sympathetic tenderness, for the finest illustrations of human affection, for the most homely but elegant (ouches of family life, und for (he noblest songs of praise (huí could raiso (ho heal! and soul to adoration and heavenly love. There you will find divinity which is clear and plain, tho direct com- munication of tho Divine mind, freed from ihe dust and dreariness of human argumentation, bereft of crusty, churlirh, and bitter sectarianism, and illuminated through- out with light to guido you to the preaching of the whole counsel of God with power and ctliciene-y. That tho servants of God may bo thoroughly furnished for their office, lot them seek out the word of tho Lord, und bestow their utmost diligence in acquainting them- selves with the theory and practice of the Divine revelation, and wo can say with Dr. Chalmers, ' There is a brilliant perspective before us, which we doubt not will in time be realised. Tfaorc seems both nn intellectual and a moral convergency towards it. In as for as controversy originated in the spirit of a rash and unbridled speculation, this is a source which, with our now , better philosophy and our better understanding of the limit between tho known and the unknewn, is fast drying up ; and there is, partly intellectual and partly moral, ii profoundor recognition of the authority of Scripture as paramount to all other authority, and perhaps on all sides a greater moral fuimos» in tho interpretation of it. When these habite arc consummated controverhy will cease, because tho provocations to controversy will be done away. Its technology will fall into desuotude, because, formed as it was for the special object of neutralising the heresies which no longer exist, its employment will be imcolled-for. God's own truths, expressed in God's own language, will form Ihe universal creed of enlarged and harmonised and happy Christendom. Men's faith and thoir affec- tions, when (his intermediate and temporary apparatus is at length taken down, will come into moro direct contact with heaven's original revolution, and the spirit of good will to man which prompted heavon's message will be felt in all its freshness and power, when the uproar of conti oversy is stilled, and ita harsh and jarring discords die away in everlasting silence. There will be system and generalisation still, but founded on the generalisations of Scripture, and the doctrines in which many now ter- minate-a« if they were the ultimate truths ot the record -will bo found theiiihelveg, to be subordinate to »he one, und reigrfing oxpretsion of hen ven'« kindness lo the wea Id, by which (he whole scheme- of our redemption is pervaded.' ' 1 m apt to Hunk the mun That could surround the sum or thing,- anil spy I lu heart of Gi d and Beeret« of His empire, Would »peak but Love-with him the unght result At onie) change the hue of intermediate «renes, And make'one thing of all theelo¡ry ' And, in the woids of the unthor of ' Christum Certainty, Iel n o eoncludo this put. ' 1 he religion of Christ is true tin n it is li cuicrdouslt (rat Li t us hold fast tho profession of oin iuith IxituB not cast uw at our confidence Let no man beguile us of our reward Let us endure as seeimr Him who ib invisible Sixty centuries aro looking down upon us V t arc encompassed w lth 11 great 1 loud of witnesses Vt e have the etideue« of things not seen Let us bn strong ami quit ourselves like men Let us gird tip the loins of oui minds, bo sober, und hope (0 the end While, f 10111 those 'statutes' whieh tie have taken for our 'songs m thi house of our pilgrimage-stirring as tho blast of 1 minimi trumpet, soothing as tbo sound of whispering lentes-there comet, a strom of He wen s own music Ye, bcloted, building vourfcites up on tour most holy faith, pricing in the Hoi) Ghost, keep toursclves in the love of God, waiting for the mero) of our Loid Jesus Christ " Secondly,-The duty of the people to whom we minister in holy things-as there is a dut) on oui p irts, thore is a eoiitsponding duty on the patt of the peoplo, a mimstei is inexcusable if ho preach not Christ llio people are oquully inexcusable, if tin) refuse to leceivo the word of réconcilia- it! 11 ut his mouth The peoplo are bound, b) Sniptuic and eunseiencc, not to forsake the assembling of themselves to- gether on the lords Dil), when opportunities otler loo inmij aro sadl) lax and forgetful in keopmg the S îbbath of the Lord their God In munt instances this arises from Ditmc worship being held at long intortals, although at stated times, in theu neighbourhood moro than from oUual indittirence , fiom on experience of some duration, I moko bold to sa), that the desire to w ait upon the ordinances remain-onl) its separation, from the régulai lty of gratifi ention, renders it less anxious, but it is not entirel) doadoncd 1 ho obligation of tho duty is acknowledged, and ita ndtuntngcB are frcel) confesbcd-on thoir own ad- mission thet are contrat ening the fourth commandment, and neglecting a dut) which they ought to perform And outfit not this to constrain them to avoid contracting a wilful guilt and em of so heinous a character ?* It is their duty, save in cases of 'necessity and morey' to iltend the public worship of God-it is their privilege to enter the sanctuary and commune with Him, who is its trlory and its beauty Trequcnt absence fiom church is followed bv failure m all othei spiritual exercises, while it weakens ind ilisconceits the minister lteoding the SinptureB is for- gotten-prat or is abandoned-the family altar ib deserted the whole atmosphère of eucredntss ia poisoned-tho man lores his dignit) when he loses his reterenceand love foi the things oi God-und we toll all who have ceased to call the Sabbath a delight and honourable, that thoy aro walk- ing in disobedience and lebolhon against the Most High " It is the dut) of the 1 copie to value tho ' holy thing»,' tvLich are dislnbutcd among »hem by tho ministers of the true God A\ hat can bo a groatei dereliction m dut) than detpising »be gifts of grace, and truiuplmg upon the blood of the covenant ¿ If the nthes of tbo Gospel are re- gard«! us ' common things, unworthy of respect, and of iiossession, how run religion sueceed ' how can oui labours ho appreciated, when tho people take no interest, and look on with indifférence Thet must be told, and we now tell them, that for their own solees the) ought totulue the gifts of God,to reioice alwovs in being reminded of (he 'faithful sating, and worthy of all acceptation, thutChust came into the woild to savo sinners We toll them thct are dei-pihing then own nierciei-, loosening the bond« of «iciod nehs, rising to the blasphemy again«! tho liol) Ghost, and scorning tho majesty of redeeming love, when they venture on disclaiming, bt open and habitual neglect, the message from heaven to earth By this conduct, thoy aro ¿uiltt of unbelief in its most de idly form, and charge iblc with millring the usefulness of the Christian mimsti) I ot them then remember the end of all, who will not come unto Him who bas the words of eternal life It i« the duty of the people to suppoit Ibu ministrt 1 he nnnisti y is for fheir ¡,ood A\ 0 are their scrtonts for Christ b suko-and they, on the high pnntiple of Christian honour, on the giound of leicmng greut foi little things, ure bound to sustain, by the it means, and according to their ability, wilh the hbeiahty of a decent and genteel maintenance, the Ministers of tbo Sanctuary Tho spirit of stinginess is te bo regretted There should bo no extrac'mg of tbo Mimstei a lemuneri lion It is distressing that his duos are often dulidiut fiom the lap of plenty by a process of excruciation Whv, is 1» charily5 It is not Wo arc not beggurs We work for you and youis, ond u honost heart will noter sriudgi to- bo liberal in God's causo Tho oidinunees of reli"ion are not a burthen to a people, if tho) took (he piopoi tiotvof I it It is not a compulsory excise, it is an appeal to Christian sympithy und its free-will olteun¿ I ho economics of sonic, in contributing to »he Church ire curious phenomena, which wear the appearanco of v-ist uprightness, and jet, when examined, are covered ill over with the unwillingness of tho chuil. Av e could wish that tho people ob a whole could be enlightened on the subject of giving Gcnciosi») is duty I believe, if 1¡¡ preach tho gospel, I havo a claim on »he people, not on the low ground of commercialism, but on the lofty and puro ground of Christian principle, as righteously duo m the sight of God and mon, ^ 1^ -I " li would ho,,wp)l, (hen, to tell tliem plainly, that if wet arete preach, womtist.livc, not in hierurohieiil splouclour but in ordinary, and, If, you will, ia middlo-olitss comfort ' lind Irompejloicy ; vand /surely, it is not toe» much tu ask, not (ho ronfarran; ofxn favour, but the porfoniiuiico af a /eiu\1yi I wouldlirjcqfc »ho gift of a pitying ehurityasa« inétiU lo my bfJipo, ohd/nidi-pondonce of mind. I am not a tmenrul, to be fed- Jiy crumbs from tho table, I am tho am liasMtâor of my Prince, awl oxpert to he tru ited as suoh by those lo whom T convey His bohc-Hts. Lot the people un- derstand their duty. Let them act upon it, and the ory of poverty, and (ho mites of the «aid poverty, that crush th» manliness out of a minister, and pluugo hine into tho.Tortex of hand-to- ttiouth living, would very soon ha uuhoartf of, iish.imod of. and execrated too, by Ckristian-nitniodaess. Lot them bo told this, 'if wo have sown unto you spiritual things, is ita great thing if wo shall re ipyour carnal thing*.' " Thirdly, How to quioken that which íb ready tallis, and bring bock into vitality and onergy the life and interest» of our Church. '' On this Bubject, at once so important and donorring of attention, our observations will bo directed te what wo oon ceivo to bo the best and most likely means of fiuîoes«. A. serious consideration meets us at tho very outset of tilt inquiry, and whÜBt it íb one not easy to deal with, it must he grappled with determinedly and resolutely, and no doubt the difficulty of our ecclesiastical position will find a solu- tion, so for at least as present circumstances will admit, tal present wants require, and »ho range of our action will allow. It is obvious, painfully obvious to us all, that our machinory is far from sufficient for tho work it hat t» accomplish. Excellent as it is, and encouraging as its pet formulier« havo been since the Union, within the sphere of its opération, »hero is n largo and outlying territory, walo» it cannot overtake, however woll its attempts aro bestowed, | and ita powers stretched and «trained. An enlargement of its efficiency is a necessity, in order that it may boar a propor- tionate loree to tho exigencies of the Churoli. The limits to which it íb now confined call loudly, not for its recon- struction, but for fitting to it appliances of expansion and rlle-cltvcnesft. Unless this oan be dene wisely and shortly, Ihe Church will not, and cannot, be oxpected to flourish, us otherwise she. most certainly would flourish. In spite of effort« which promised well, and were liberally sup- ported, we havo lallen short of the expectations enter- tained. Wo havo before us o Presbytorianism which wei long to como at, but which is oaciiping from us, for no other causo than tho inability and powcrloasnoss that pro t cuts tho enlargement of our tents. Wo are looking from our watch- towers on tho wastes where so many of our peoplo aro shcpbeidless, desirous of being ministered lint», and wo can only pray that shopherds moy bo sent forth, to gather (ogc(hct these still-icmcmbcring and hoping sheep of our pasture. "Tho Presbyterian Church has much to reoovor in this land. There is a goodly heritage waiting for her to tetka possession, and her exertions, both for tho snko of duty und piDsporitv, must bo strenuously and in the faca of overshadowing obstacles dovoted to tho initiation of som« temporary scheme that will be happily inatrumontul in pro- viding for existing and crying necessities. Tho Presby- terian element is not dead in tho districts lying boyond our pre.sent borders ; it only slumbers, and could now tra awakened to its dutifulness by tho songs of Zion and tho living voice of tho prcachor. Thoro is a tenacity in th» Presbyterian mind that elinga to its principles, and lotur, long i's it, oro it becomes relaxod. On the whole, it hold» during life, and seldom will Prcsbyterianifim, if of tha right stamp, forego its conscientiousness. "Now, tins Presbyterian faithfulness, amid many dé- couragements, is, I feel convinced, existing among ear peoplo in a very strong degree indeed, and it domanda from this Assembly a calm and deep consideration of tho boat way in which it can not only bo continued, but brought to tho v advancement of tho Church. Tho peoplo of our persuasion are 'ready, .if wo could use thoir readiness and bring it ' into action. This is only- to bo done by raising up a ministry in the colony, and furnish from our Australian youth ministers to supply tha localities where Presbyterians are residing, but havo been, und are now, destitute of instruction from tho Church. Th* (act going abroad that measures aro on foet to provide for the religious wants of these stedfast members and adhcrenU m nula of itself tend to maintain their adherenco and co- operation. It would be, lot mo say it, ' a wee birdie' cora» ti> theil door from the Church of their sympathies and affec- tion», telling thom you are not unmindful of them, and that that which was long far away ¡scorning now at last. " St. Andrew's Collogo is yot in the future, and wa need present speedy aid. Our statt'of preachers requires to be lecruitcd quickly. Lot us havo a loss pretentious drill ground to disciplino our men that thoy may carry arms, and tie fitted (0 go forward with a fair share of useful theological e-ductttioñ to do tho Lord's work. Why, if we cannot get them oft the quartor-deck, let us have thom from tho fight- ing deck. If we havo no first battalion mon, let us draw »toni the second battalion for service. Granting thoy are not so perfect and.'finished in manoeuvring in tho Hold, they will make brave and invincible soldiors in the day of our need. I would respectfully suggest to this vonerabl« Assembly the propriety of establishing an institution in which such suitable persons as may offer will bo in- structed, at the least, in those branches of theology, that will (nable them to undertake, with credit and success, the duties of missionaries, al first, uinong sur scattered Presby- terian». Ii is (ho paramount question with us, and surely merita the notice and tho action of this court. If Turkey is dying for want of Turks, our Church is languishing for want or ministots. Where aro they to bo found f Opona lecture hall, give the opportunity, and if nono como frota »lie University, candidates will como frsni olsowhero to lill tour ranks. 'Have we no competent mon in the walks of theology amongst us r I know wo have, and I am sure Ibey would deem it an honour to bo engaged in training eturienta fur the Gospel ministry, and that thoy wnull inter upon the duty with -/cal, faithfulness, and lore. Again 1 would press this on the consideration of th» Acsi-inbiy, and to husten it in duo time. ' 1 urthtr, I would take the liberty of stating that, in tho meantime, it might be not a httlo advantageous to our e nufle could we i blain men of worth common Benso atti pet), who, under »he supervision of tho prosbyteno«, ii ight be si nt to read to and exhort and visit tho f millie* e f our communion in (ho most necessitous pine s This is ti Le simply preparator) to tho otontual sottlomont of oiouincd minister» I think this pioneering, whon on lnit-ted to prudent and God-fearing men, would provo ciitisf icloiy to the peoj lo, and bo helpful in promoting the vrelfnicof the Church As wo are situated at present, it is clear that something must bo dovised, eton on the moat moderato seale, to remedy, in somo degroo, tho inadequacy of tv hi h we are all sensiblo I trust, therefore, tho Assembl) will in its wisdom see fit to organiso a scheiuo t» 1 it vide for the wider religious instruction of the pooplo of its chaigo throughout the whole colony, and collect th» miss of our Presbytonanisni, so as to render its force utoilnble und thus build up a strong Church m Australia ' Hit ing offered these remirks, bot ire I concludo, let mo c ill upon the elders and ministers of this Assembly, as thoy arc about to enter upon »hen duties, to bear in mind whoso ¡?cuanta »bet aro, m whose cause they aro engaged, and tho important consequences of their deliberations on the Church ot er which they presido Let the spirit of peat» und brotherlv lovo provul Whilst there is boldness of speech let there be the amiability of Christian affoctionate nefs and whilst there is warmth m dobate, let there be i xhibitcd kindliness of bearing to each other, so that no unseemly bitterness disturb tho harmony of brethren. And ni iv the Great Head of tho Church command Hu blowing upon us, direct us by His own wisdom, enrich us out of the fulness that is m Himself, and make us greatly instrumental m advancing the Church which ho rcdooaud bv His blood 1 ho Modehatoii then called for the report of tho Com- mittee of Bills and Overtures which was brought up by the Rev J B Laughton, the Cloik of Assumbly The Assembly settled tho order of business for Wodnes da), the 14th instant and also fixed ordinary hours of meeting every day during tho session-on cvory lawful day between 10 .10 a m and 2 30 jp m , and betwoon 6 p ra and such time after as the Assembly should dotormino Hour», except in certain specified cases, not to be altered, except on motion A diet for dey otional exercises was fixed for Wednesday morning, at 0 30 The Assembly adjourned at twenty minutes to 10 o clock until the following morning at 10 Second Sbdeuunt - Iho General Assembly mot yea teiday morning, pursuant to adjournment, at 10 o clock» and after devotional exercises proccedod to buBines» AIIMISSIOÎ. 01 HIE KEt S HUMIIIBIBS the Cr CUK oi Asslmuli road a report from tho Pre» btlcry of Sydnoy rclatito to tho admission of tho flor Samuel Humphries of Sydnoy It appoarod that Mr Humi lines and his congregation had been admitted by that Presbyterv, subject to tho approval of the General Assembly After somo discussion (in which Rov Mr Patttison Di Ling, Mr Adam of Curooir, Mr Adie» Thomson, Mi M'Phee, Mr Geikie, and Dr Moon took part), it was resolved that the case bo postponod until t» morrow (Thursday) morning, ana that tho clerk of th» Mid Piesbyteiy be malmeted to produco all papers in tho case Al MISSION OI rJIL 11EV Mil O tlLOW V\ Iho General Assembly approved of what had bee» done bt the \\-isa Prcsbvtorv relative to the admission of the Iîev Mr G illoway, lately arrivod in this colony fro"« See (land SAII1IATK 0118F1VVANCE ThcCLFltk oi Assbmiii* read a conimunicition received from the Iresbvtenan Chuich in South Australia re siicctmg Sabbath obren anco on board her Majesty s »mp» when l)ingm harbour The South Australian Churoti united co operation m tho course they proposed to Uko ia thiH mutter After some remurka by tho Itov Adam Thomson on the loim of the document, whiah ho thought should Hay» been addressed to the " Gonor ii Assembly rather tina to the4 Moderatoi, the communication was (on tho motion e f (be Rev J B Laughton) referred to the commitine oa religion and statistics HEArllBN MISSIONS, ETC Ihe Clikk ot AssEMMYY. read a letter addressed te min by the Rev Gcorgo Mackie, of Albury Tho letter, wiuca contained information relative to tho progress of missionary work in tho intenor carried on by tho Prosbyterian Omura in A letona, waa as follows - «. Manie, Albury 9th October, IBMI JJ My dear Mi Laughton -Expecting- to have been ia byawr about this Urne I waa instructed b) the Commission oroar Assembly to appear Bmong you »nd present pur fraternal.eaw? relation» But, from having been from home three wee».? mission «rorV in the bush I lind it imnossiblo to proceed » Sydney »t prêtent I ana sorry for thi«, for it would ha« M» a. true pleasure and a great benefit to bo arnon« you at JW «rmualVtbtnng I abould have liked also to «"*./T, Assembly m perîon. for your second h«d'°»cdonA££í 1 tunéis of our heathen missions, U has been a «rest a«1 W «?» ..d it is »t Ihe tame tims » lotien of brotherly kindnnu and in- I «rd.' The work ti »biff Willuns wM mies to prosper. At Vanan TieM. In'Gipps Xst.il, the aboriginal roiMion, under ¡.«iitr the KeV. F. A. Hagermann and his execiltnt wife, is now îffly îsUW5tad.V.na it.1ldta.ta. Very recently thora were ,ddedrour(voung«nenby baptism. There is now a Chris ian .eXregation of «bout twenty, who, with their wives and children and acquaintances, makeup« generalcungrcgution ef about sixty .r seventy in attendante on the means of grace. Wc have also cora îltted a ¿rio school-house, wbiro the children are to bo kept as Lsarders and carefully InHrtiou-d in the truths of tho Gospel. Ia ittard to »he- Chinese Mission, »c have bad the Ko». Mr. Matthow tit apart as ¡Is superintendent, and in this way tho Church will asve reason shortly to confide in the prndeneo and wisdom of the w*tk In MaMboruuRh, and Ballarat, and Melbourne active «e-rtions are »ling put forth, and tbo Chincso are crsrywhere willing to listen to the mfsiionary. Wo trust soon to have a tsnvctt set «port for Ihn work in Beechworth, and my brother or , Kiama will bo able to inform yon that wo are taking moans to ««video Chincsemli-sionory fur tour Heathen Missions Cammiltcc. 1 oops soon to bo able to have elifiniie Information to communicate «n this matter. In your venerable Asicmbly may the Grent Hasler be present, directing and controlling all your deliberations for His own glery and for your people's comfort. , | .. Again expressing my sorrow at being debarred from being »¡th you, "tv. "I beg to remain, " Yonrs in tho Lord Jcbus, and most faithfully, "GKonor. Mackik. .' To thellcv. Mr. Laughton, Clerk of Assembly." Tho General Assembly ordered that tho letter bo rc «ived. and instructed »he Moderator to reply to the sume. COltHESrONDINO MEM1IH11. On the motion of tho Rov. Adam Thomson, tho Rev. JJr. MocXroy, a minister of tho Church of Scotland, was . invited, anliefst loud expressions of approval, to toko his Mat in the General Assembly, as a corresponding member. ThoRcv. Mr. MAcKiiAY expressed himself omtremely ? . gratified by (ho manner in which he hud been received by iho Assembly. Tho Modkuatoh intimated to Mr. MocKray that arrange- ments would be mudo for thnt gentleman to addrcsB the General Assembly to-morrow (Thursday) evening, at 8 .'clock. CASE Or Hil. AUMRTltONO. Tho Rev. Vf. Pukves moved that tho General Assombly ii» authorise tbo Presbytery of tho Hunter to proceed to lictneo Mr. Armstrong (admitted on tho 9th of March last) when the presbytery shall be sutisficd us to his qualifica- tions. Tho Rev. John Dougall soconded tho motion. Tho Rov. William Bain (of Nowcastle) sustained tho Mtomuiendntion of tho Presbytery of the Hunter, and spoko highly of Mr. Armstrong's qualifications. Mr. Arm- strong was a Matter of Arts of the University of Edin- burgh. The Rev. W. Pukves explained what had been done by the Presbytery of tho Hunter, and slated tho oxorcisos which Mr. Armstrong had already submitted to thom. A long and rather desultory discussion followed, in which the Revs. Messrs. J. B. Laughton, A. Thomson, J. Coutts, JnmcB Bcnvio, Dr. Fullerton, Dr. Beg, J. M'Gibbon, W. Purves, Mr. Patterson, Mr. Kinross, Mr. Adams, Mr. Jl'Ktntle, Dr. Moon, J. Dougall, and other members of the Assembly took part. The character and per- sonal talent of Mr. Armstrong wcro spoken of in the very highest terms by several of tho speakers, and the j'ustico of thoso terms was not in any degree questioned ; nevertheless, in the opinion of Borne, it was thought as a matter of principle to be not desimblo for the General Assembly to givo an nbsoluto sanction to the proposal of the Presbytery until Mr. Armstrong should novo gono through some further and more special course of Iheologicnl study. Tho Rov. Mr. PunvES said that all that was desired waa to hnvo by anticipation tho sanction of the General Assombly to tho licensing of Mr. Armstrong by the Presbytery of tho Hunter, whenever it should appear to thom to bo right and proper to (uko that atop. The duty bo to try and examine all candidates for tho Ministry was certainly one which Tested willi the Presbyteries. Ultimately tho debato was brought to a close by tho Assembly passing »emine contradiccntc. tho following motion, moved by tho Rev. Adam Thomson,--'That the Presbytery bo authorised te take Mr. Armstrong on trial, with a viovv to license; it being, I nt tho same time, on instniction to tho Presbytery te proceed to license only, öfter having fully satisfied itself as' to Mr. Armstrong possessing competent qualifications ¡in 'the several departments of theological study." I (,-ASl! Ol' Mit. NAI1CN. I TW". was a similar matter to the preceding. The Gen-' urnl Assembly culled upon tho Presbytery of tho'llnnter for n full report. 1 JiOUTINE JIU8INE8S. ' The remainder of tho sedorunt was occupied -yith the tonsiderntion of forms of procedure, the appointment of auditors, &c;, and the appointment of comnulteo tb review records of PreBbyteries. . , "huno SETmnLNT- Tho Goneral assembly met again m the evening, nt 6 o clock CHUHCK EXTENSION COMMITTEE The MonEHATOit called foi the report of the Church Extonsun Committee > The report was then read by tho convener the Rev Adam Ihomsov Tho report (which contained several particulars of interest to tho Presbyterian community), suggested that deputations bo appointed, annually, to visit the different missions, and the congregations generally It was thoufcht »hat Biieh a plan would be found to be nicbly conducive to tho promotion of Evangelistic »ehgien It was urged that tho numorous members of the Presbyterian Churches might, by the work mg out of such a system, be led to "take a »ore lively mtereat in tho Cbuioh of their father« To them ana to their families the benefits thus to be bestowal could not fail of bomg very great 1 or the wanb of due inimslrotion of the means of grace, it was poinf ni »o think of the chi dren of ninny members of their communion in »ho inferior i he report earnestly sot forth the necessity for a more enlarged provision to bo mado for Chureh ex tension m tho înlenor It behoved thom fully to act their case-as retarded tho wonts of the Presbyterians m tho countr) district»-before tho home Churches, and torcq îe t thesi to assist the Church here both with men and with money The Ret Dr Stfel said that thore were now no less thnn ten dislncts of tbo colony in which ministers tv re required, but he knew of only two ministers whs tv ero eligiblo to supply thoso tácaselos "Wo knew of nono who mere connue, out from home, but it was stated that tho Freo Church Committee could havo sent more mon if they had had monoy Ho ur{,cd upon tho Assembly the noies eily of making more strenuous efforts to sbtain additional labourers It tv as neeetsary that we get at once as many more ministers as wo had monoy m hand to pay their pis sage ¡No doubt (ho selection of ministers w is extromel) difficult, and it wob almost nott to impossible to get suit able men unless by tho conference <tf ministers from this colon) Ho thought that tho dilliciilty would bo incrcnscd if we asked tho Churches at home for monoy, as well as men Ho believed that there tv ore districts able «nd willing to support settled nnniBlers m the colony, if they could onl) get the right swrt of men Wo ought to devoto ourselves moio earnestly to tho securing of ti colonial trained ministry Wo had airca ly done ¡soino »hmg m this record, nnd had produced a few very crcditnblo specimens But our catcchists were now ne irly all received into the ministry, and there tvos no appear unco of further supplies from this source Ho thought that the Church had suffered f r< m placing inexperienced men from homo in remote districts win re the practical w orkm,r of Church nlhurs wus not very beneficial Several of these gentlemen had left tho diBtnct before tho time stated by tho committee, and we ought to insist that no mon Bhould leave the district to which ho had been appointed without supply, became tho cfiect of so doing had been to dump tho nrefour and bind up the liberality of Christian gentlemen who hid previously undertaken to subscribe thoir stipends Ho should lito that tho cotnmittco Bhould never aurrondT a sphere which it had onco taken up and wo ought not to support new charges at tho expenso of lotting tho old ones goto waste Tint hod been tho caso witlneterol, lom worth among the number Wo should have ministers sent to seek out now districts and to organise now spheres of labour IVo ought to make a resolute endeavour to over take the needs oi tho colony Ho moved,-" Receive the report, and thank the committco for their labours, and especially recogmso the many services m connection with this committeo tho Contener has rendered to tho Church Tho Assembly further expresses its sense of tho immediate need of additional miniBtors to occupy the locali- tés, with stated supply of the ordinances of the Church, and instructs the committee to use all expedition for pro- curing ministers from Europo, and by moans of deputation mronghout the colony, to mercase tho interest of members of tho Chureh m the operations of this committeo Ta"Rev Mr Niven seconded the motion He said that yvbilo great difficulty m getting ministers from homo was folt hy this colony, the same difficulty did not exist with regard te Now Zealand and Victoria He thought that the causo of our ill success was not an unwillingness on tho part of ministers to como out hore, but from m absolute lgnorunco that existed of the claims and needs of our Church As had already been suggested we hud not nudo any progress Binco the union, and had done little moro than maintain our own The Rev A C Geikie moved the following amend J?«I1'i~-"That tho assembly receive the report, commond the diligence of the committeo, »nd especially tho labours of the convener, and refer the consideration of this most mo mentouB Bubject, together with the management of the supplementary fund to a "ommitteo of tho wholo House «e moved the amendment simply on tho ground that thero waa not now timo to consider »ne matter fully He strongly animadvorted on the picking and choosing that had been going on m refer- ence to tho work of tho Church He was bound to his own place, and so were all the old settled ministers But some seemed to regard the guarantee of the committee of £200 ii kyearB to t"108e 'yvto came out as a sort of travelling rÍÜü"8 Í' Bn<* tooy abandoned their appointments as thoy «sod ISquattors and other rich mon were naturally and properly disgUBted with thiB sort of thing, and every fresh «lort that wbb made under the present system was only lenaing to alienate tho support of those who subscribed for ministerial service thoy never got He thought that the powers of tho Church extension ought to be full and «nnimary, and ho considered that tho help given to congro KationB oufcht to bo periodically revised Tho holp of tho wiurch was mtendodto bo for a moment, and not for over i~° *.. not opposed to asking for pecuniary assistance «oin home, and while ho was willing to admit that the ^nurcn at home had sent us some good mon, yet ho said SwmatI?" BCDt US BUltabI° mon th°y had bflttor ko°P 3?B *j;ev J M'GwnoN seconded the amendment if6 *cv Dr Steel wnhdrew his motion »,»,.? ""J Dr Lano considered that the practico of wnJSrii ?n^w,nE ftolr stipends and returning to Sydnoy wuwnt fulfilling the timo for which they were appointed, .was one which eiught not to ho allowed. It was not the winh of tho committeo that they should do so( and it only proved that the men who were chargeable with this oonduot were no» fitted for »ho work of tho Church in »ho oolony. There were other men, however,, who entered upon their arduous duties with willingness and success. The result was that in some instances the whole of their stipends wore ohoor f ully bubhcribcd on the spot. "With regard totho suggestion of Dr. Steel for the appointment of deputations, ho was not quite convinced that it was the bcBt thing to be done. Ho thought that the American practice;-the appointment of a poid and properly qualified hccrotary-would bo far botter. Ile was quite turo that, if the situation of tho churches of the colony was presented to »ho churches at homo, tho money us well as the men would ho forthcoming. It was manifestly impossible to maintain tbo ordinances of religion in New 6rjuth Wales as thoy wcro maintained in populous localities at home. He cordially agreed with tho motion of Mr. Geikie. The Rev. James Cameiion expressed his admiration of the very able report which the Convener of Iho committeo had submitted. He regarded the question of tho supply of ministers from home as a question which involved not morely the extension, but the conservation of our Church. On every ground this question was tho most vital and pressing at the present time. The object aimed at by the appointment of deputations was the right one, and ho thought that if we had nn organising agent to work np now BphcrcB, it would do away with that peripatetic practice to which reference had been made. Ho did not think that it was necessary to appeal to tho mother-country for pecu- niary help, for wo had at tho present timo from £600 to £1000. Such nn appeal would be most prejudicial to tho Church in this colony, and ho strongly deprecated our going to the home country in a begging attitude It would he also extremely dcairnblo if steps could be taken to secure the publication of correct and comprehensive accounts of the stete of »ho colonial Church in tho home periodicals. Tho operation of such n plan had already been found to be very beneficial to tho Church, and had frequently awakened a lively interest in our nffuirs. The Rev. Mr. Mackie, whom they all know, and who still entertained a great interest in their affairs, had himself personally expresseel his warm approval of such a course ot proceeding. Ho thought it also desirable that from time to time ministers should bo sent home, who, on visiting Iho mother country, might be enabled to givo their fellow chin chnien a proper idea of what it w.is that was here required and also of the opportunities eipen for ministers. Such agents, duly accredited on their behalf, could not fail of acting vory bencticinliy. Ho hod himself felt that if so ac- credited whilst abnent from tho colony, he might havo induced many more ministers to como out lo this sphere of usefulness. The Rov. W. PuitVEs argued that tho Church at home properly shared with them in tho responsibility of having to provide for Presbyterians in the interior of this colony. It was only right, therefore, that they should bo invited to co-operate in providing the means ef grace for thoso who were now without them. ' Tho Rov. Mr. AnAyis, of Carcoar, concurred in the j wmarkB which had fallen from n previous speaker in favour ' of having comprehensive accounts as to ino s»nto of tho j Church published in the homo periodicals. It was through I what he had seen in one of thoso periodicals that ho hod I como io this country. The Rev. Mr. Kinross suggested the adjournment ¡of the debate until Soturduy morning. The Rev. Adam Thomson rnthcr regretted tho course the argument had taken, and earnestly pressed upon the Assembly tho importance of the question. Ho hoped the Assembly would bear the whole matter in mind, and not lose eight of (ho practical suggestion that it was most de birable for the Church at home to be earnestly called upon to assist with pecuniary aid as well as men. The Assembly then agreed to a. vote of thanks to »he Convener of the Committee, and the subject was ordered to stand over until Saturday morning next. COLLEGE COMMITTEE. The Rov. W. Punvr.s, convener of the St. Andrew's College Committee, brought up the report of that com- mittee, and read the same to tho Houso. Tho Rev. J. B. Laughton moved that (he report bo received, tho convener thanked, and the committee re- quested to continue their labours. ' The Rev. Dr. Steel thought that the motion proposed would not bo sufficient, and stated certain technical grounels ' for his objection. After somo discussion of a conversational character, The Rev, J. B. Lalghton withdrew his motion. Ho had risen te make I hat motion because no other menihor hud seemed prepared to speak. It was too important a matter to bo sulfcred to foil through. ' ,!. Tho Rev. Dr. Steel moved that the roport be received, and that (ho convener be thanked for his labours. | The Rev. John M'Giihion wißhed to know whether this "reception " was equivalent to an " adoption ?" j The Rev. Dr. Steel : Certainly not. I only moved that the report be received. , 1 The Rev. Mr. Bain moved, as an amendment, that' the report be adopted. , i , The Rev, Dr. Laxo could not see the necessity for bring- ing tho matter before tho Assembly, Tho committee had received instructions how to act. ' N j ' ' The Rev. Mr, Pattehson was opposed to both the re- ception or the adoption. ! The amendment, moved by tho Rov. Mr. Bain, was ulti- mately withdrawn, and the motion made by Dr. Steel was' canned nem. con., and the Convener thanked ¡for his labours. ASSEMIILY'S EXT-EN6ES. 1 '" ' The Rev Mr. Aium brought up the report of the com- mittee on tho Assembly's expenses, and read the sumo to the Assembly. . ,, . , j ,, The Rov. J. B. Laughton thought that tho crise pre- sented by tho report yvas one of the' clearest and mbst just that could be brought before »he Assembly. He hoped the Assembly would deal fairly with tho subject, arid , settle it once fer all. ' ' ! The Rev. Mr. Bain moved that the' roport bo received, the Cenverier thanked, and the report reserved for future discussion ; the time for suoh disoussion- being fixed by the eoiiiinitteo of bills and overtures. r ! ' The Rev. Mr. PuitVEs seconded tho motion, which was put and carried. i . The General Assembly adjourned at ten minutes to 10 o'clock until to-morrow (Thursday) at 10 o'clock, " j 