V ;; ! THE THEAT&EBDYAIi.; i\ , ^Possibly Mr. Coppin's bpiriioTi of 'the theatri cal taste of theAdelaide public underwent some modification if he was present at the 'Bpyal' . on Monday evening, and he might come to the Conclusion that Shakspeare's plays in the hands rbfactora .w^b are; able to exhibit a true con ception bf his characters' will not faill» draw large audiences. Every part e'f the house was crowded, and the delight of theiwhole iassenibly amounted to entiiusiasm. j Mr. Montgomery, on appearing as Hamlet,1 met with bursts of cheering. Anticipation was excited to the. utmost respecting bis rendering of the character; but criticism was soon over, and its place sup plied; by feelings of delight and admiration. No actor who -has preceded Mr. Montgomery in Adelaide-' has achieved so complete a triumph inluS 'impersonation of Hamlet. He seems to have i perfectly conquered all .temptation- to these! exaggerations of violence in voice and {manner to which most tragedians give way in /their j representation of the mad Prince; His: melancholy brooding over his father's murder, the stern -resolve,- the insanity, feigned orjeal, th^e iPtensity^jf anguish arid tempests of wrath,': ill wjere:=painted in' vivid- but f lifelike colors; .Nbjihjng wasoverstrained j 'the subdued anger, occasional outbursts of passion/galling sarcasm, soliloquy,/ Were natural throughout. --^The acting was notof the stage stagey, but had all the :effect of reality.' Voice, expression, and manner were suited' to each rehange of scene,' and . ito 'every varying mood. The .-? audi ence 'were entranced, and' even the de fects in';- some of . -fhe^ other characters scarcfely- could mar the effect of - the grand central figure.: Mr. Montgomery was ' far ? more effectively supported - than we' expected. Mr.; .ftollbway quite took -jtheiiouse: by surprise as 'the Ghost -of the- murdered^ monarch, his voice feeing subdued, sepulchral, and solemn, his manner at once; quiet and' unearthly. A-hearty, round of appliu^%ewarded''his- delivery of 'the dialogue wiM Hamlet. Mrs. - Holloway ap peared to advantege as -the Queen, though at times there'' -was a want 'Of animation in her rpnderirig of some of- the most thrilling scenes. Miss St. Denis's Ophelia was a remarkably skilful piece of acting, and those who only saw ;her in this ' character at fhe ^ Town -Hall could enjoy her 'representation of it under soJ. much more, -favorable circumstances. The madness of the' poor stricken orphan is a most - difficult - part to represent, so easily might a ludicrous turn- be: -given to Ophelia's most touching manifestations of grief and derangement ; but in these- semes Miss Sfc. Denis acquitted- herself with- striking^ success. Mr. 'Welsh personated .the guilty Claudius,- and; where the players bold up 'the mirror 'of his own conduct to the fratricide, the expression of guilt . and horror^ was very, -natural. ?' There was con siderable merit in Mr. Lawrence's rendering of LaerieBJthe only fault being at times rather too jnuch stiffness. :;: Mr j -Stanley and Miss Melville Jgpt through the dramatic scene passably enough, .fipss: Forde made a good: page. Mr. .Greville was of course in Ids j element- as the Oravedigger, arid gave full point to' all the humor of the dialogue. The other -sJj£raeters were repre sented endurablyy : thbugli '' the courtiers were not particularly courtly ^either in style pr de livery. ? We must nbt' forget- Mr. vRogera's Polobiusf -which was made decidedly too comic.™ Polopius was fussy! arid veTbbse, but there was nothingiof-the buffoon-about him, C His advice to his son on 'starting for' France', was omitted, and the bid man ;was- 4iardly- treated fairly, in havipg his- Weaknesses -exposed ? and his sound moral philosophy ^ignbrepU Mr.p Montgomery Was palled before the curtain at the 'close ? of each! act, and received an ovation at the final fpl of the curtain. ? ' ? ' - There was but a moderate attendance at the Royal oh Tuesday evening.' JPhe 'At Home' at Government House interfered: -with -the boxes, but the pit.and gallery, were not by any means crowded.' Those Jwhb' stayed 'away, however,1 lost au opportunity of seeing a grand play acted with consummate skilL Brooke's rendering of Louis XL is fresh in: theT memory of many who witnessed Mr. Montgomery's impersonation of ihe same character on Tuesday without feeling that there was any thing further to desire in his conception of . ihe guilty tyrant.^ The ; repre sentation of the monardh. was like a finished painting. ?-.Ti^g.was theremorselessi unpitying ruler — fierce,; implacable, selfish, wrapped up in contemplation of hiq. own.p,ower and, dignity, and ^pursuing; with, relentless hate any and!- all'who -would utter a whisper against an, act or scheme of |tne Lord's anpinted. The superstition and jhypocrisy of, Louis and the struggles t in his mind between remorse, , or fear, and yeri geance were finely rendered, and nothing could be more strikingly! faithful to nature than, the wretched-king's terrible dread of death, arid his expression and accents of horror arid despair when in the grip of the last enemy, and haunted by the spectres of muxdered'meri and the -iark shadows pf the coming retribution. Then' how natural were the self-deception with yrhich the poor wretch, buoyed himself up with hopes of recovering, his openness, to the most fulsome flattery, and his sensitiveness to female in flaence. ? Wlile ' there was presented ' the portrait of a monster, ,, ..pne was reluc tantly compelled to. acknowledge- that it was thoroughly human. The next character in importance is the Duke de Nemours, and here wb must again compliment Mr. Holloway for his representation, of a parttharf; it is very easy .to (exaggerate. Altogether tEe - rendering of Nemours, bunungjnth the fiercest recojlectiioa \- Lit : ?\^'i.i. ?;,':? ? jes ?-;? ~'\'i.: ? ? .-'?.. : -s * i ????...???--. § at thebarbarous murder of a father, smothering his vengeance, and finally palsying the heart of the royal butcher, was artistic, and only in one or two instances overstrained. Mrs. GreviHe took the part of the Dauphin, and acted it very fairly. Cortier, thte doctor, was well repre sented by Mr. Rogers, whose best effort was the scene with young Nemours, when he aided his escape. Marie, the gentle 'lover, of .the proscribed Count, was acted by Miss St. Denis with considerable 'skill, the part being weH: ' Suited to the easy, grace ful ; style stee^can so readily assume. The playful coquettish peasant-woman, calm ing the rage :J-^fi;he .King by her blandish ments, was ^jpatepnated with capital effect, by Mrs. Ho^^^^-^'Mr. Greville was bim4! self as MaH^SKth /amusingly . vnal apropikh observations, and^iraven dread of his sovereigns Mr. Stanley represented the Confessor wi^t great solemnity aid propriety. ' Mr. Gladstone represented the executioner Tristan, but gave a very mild idea of so terrible a character ; his voice and delivery having a most inappropriate softness. Thefaiceof ' Valet de Sham' concluded the evening's proceedings. There was .£. crowded and brilliant house ,at the Eoyal on 'Wednesday evening! ? His Excel lency Colonel and Mrs. Hamley; the oflicera--)f the 60th, and many of ihe elite of Adelaide were present, and the boxes looked gay witdra 'numerous attendance; of ladies in full xlres's costume. The programsse was, attractive and ample, including ' Much Ado about Nothing,' and 'Don Caesar de Bazan.' In Shakspeare's comedy Mr.. Montgomery, of course, appeared as Benedict, the merry and reluctant. lover J Mr. Montgomery's favorable reputation /ih this role no doubt did much to attract so great an audience, and they were not disappointed. There are many! more subtle characters than Benedict that in many important respects present less difficulty to an actor. How easily might the long dialogues,, the, i^igid badinage, and; the 'Buceeasion of concei^l ^and puns in wnich1 the hero of the comedy' indulges hiiri* self, lose much of their charm in the hands of one who had not a very ,^6 conception of the part, arid whose ?ac,ting ;'and- deli very were not calculated with a . studied and graceful negligence . to -bring put Benedict's quaint and jesting humor. These requisites Mr. Mont gomery possesses in an eminent ;degree, and he never : allowed, the enjoyment to nag. Bene dict's cynical., raillery against matrimony, his encounters of wit with Beatrice. The effect of his supposed knowledge of her regard for him, the thawing of his frigid indifference, the passionate affection succeeding, were all skil fully portrayed^ and through all ran the vein; of drollery that tinged every mood bf Beatrice's Irtver. The challenge to Claudio, showed Mm in a sterner mood, and this scene was admi rably rendered.. ... Mdlle. , St.. Denis made a good Beatrice, the slight defects of articulation that some people exaggerate so absurdly, being abundantly compensated for by the vivacity she imparted to the repartee of the- brilliant and fan ciful girl. At times, if anything, the fair actress's liveliness .was sfightly excessive, but on the whole she displayed a just and pleasant concep tion of the ciaraeter. . ,' In the comedy Miss St; Denis was most at home, but in her occasional fits of tenderness her acting was graceful and natural. Mrs.. Holloway took the part of Hero, Miss Forde that' of tfenla, and Miss Allen made her appearance as Margaret!. Mr. Holloway hotl not a bad idea of Don John, though his raillery, was apt. to be boisterous. Mr. Stanley was effective as the Friar, and Mr. Gladstone gav-c Boracbio the voice and delivery of a cate chist drparishclerkl Mr. Greville, we need hardly Bay, personated Dogberry, -and represented with a pleasant humor the mimicry of wisdom and .stiingybark law of that noted constable. The audience were in ecstacies with Mr. Mont gomery^s acting, and 'rewarded him with bursts of cheering. . Mdlle. . St. Denis also received %.. fair. Jshare of applause. The rank and .fiie_...-5|':ffie cast T»ould hardly repay a .detaale'd? notice, 'Don' Cassar de Bazari' Fbilowea, Mr. Montgomery taking thepartof Don Caesar. He gave point to the mad wit of i the. scapegrace nobleman, and the representation of his style and manner was at once appropriate; and 'entertaining, but there was a little lack of life in his rendering of one whose 'humor was of a peculiarly ? loud and rollicking character. It was, however,' a most enjoyablepieceof acting, and nbneof themeaning of the 'text was lost. Mdlle. St. Denis person ated Maritana with great success, and whether gay or pathetic, was faithful' to the .character. Miss Forde appeared as Lazarillb, and threw a good deal of spt£££ritoher rendering i-f the part. Her voice is scarce 'y adapted to the thrilling and martial air of''** Let trie like a Soldier Fall,' but the expression she. threw into the song secured her applause' from the generous gods and the occuoants of 'the lower legions. ' Don Jose, the villain of the piece, was very fairly acted by Mr. . Lawrence, and .the Marquis, and Countess de jlbtondo were amusingly played by Mr. Rogers and Miss Melville. The piece was finished about a quarter to 12, and the Band struck up the -National Anthem as the vast assemblage dispersed. ''. . ' ? There was a good house, though, not a crush, at the Royal on' Thursday evening, when Tom Taylor's comedy ' Still' Waters Eun Deep' was played, Mr. Moutjomery taking the part of John Mildmay. -The plot of the piece is artistic though . simple, .with some startling surprises towards the close.- Mildmay, a young man of money, good principles and disposition, but with a great lack of ornamental qualities, ' marries a dashing young girl^who is completely under the influence of an aunt, who also keeps in great submission her brother, Mrs.' Mildmay's father, Mr. Potter, a simple old soul, with a grgat idea, of the wisdom of age, and a Svery moderate estimate of his son in-law's abilities. ;: These four form one household, of which Mildmay is the head nominally,' and a terrible life the three lead, him, ! h!e;'j submitting with the patience of a martyr. :viQaptain Hawksley, a dashing specu lator, ana man about town, has designs upon tbe virtue^f the yburig wife, bamboozles the widow, wno. is in love with him,- and is swindling theTvhole family with bubble shares. While pursuing iiis suit with Mrs. Mildmay, whose resolutio'n'lto resist his advances trembles in the balance^-1 ;fee aunt is a listener, and checkmates him. '?Roping to see the wife he encounters the widoje. who loads him with in dignant reproaches, Iptjd informs him that his 'speculations upon the*$pcketR of the family aie at end. ': The villain tn^i threatens to . make public 13 love-letters, with which, she has honored him, unless her .brother and nephew complete the purchase of shares. He then leaves her to meditate upon the alternative ; neither of the .parties to this uriamiable tete a iete dreaming that Mildmay, whom th(?y suppose at Manchester, has been an attentive listener. The next tnorningr Mrs. Sternhold, in her terrible trouble, sends for the despised Mildmay, and endeavors to rouse him to a resolution of bringing matters to an issue with her dangerous' enemy. The young man, however, treats fhe affair very coolly, and remaiks that'as he has been treated as decipher, he will enjoy the advantages of being one ; and the. lady^. loading him ' with taunts'on account, of' his supposed.' 'poltroonery; quits ' tfc.e' room in a tempest ; of passion. JTobn finishes his breakfast, gets some of Hawksley's shares from the old man, and waits upon the ^ay swindler, who, sure of his game, enters into a growing description of the prospects . of the Cbii^ny, and wishes Miidmay to purchase laTgely.fcHis simple-iniaded visitor, however, was but playing with him, and after, finally declining to buy^-Jie requests the captain to purchase back shares «t par, and deliver up1 Mrs. Sternhold's thirteei? letters, and finally he exhibits the damning proof of a forgery committed years before. by. ihe swindler. 'The shares were- at once placed, at par, the love-l.etters,^iven up, and the forged cheque handed over to the scoundrel, who at once burnt it. Hawksley had been invited .to .dine £t. the 'house of', the man who had thus outwitted ? him, and he. kept his appointment; -for the purpose ' of. goading, by an insult,i^as host into a duel. Mildmay was prepared) and not being a shot, proposed that they might meet on equal terms, that his foe should pick his pistol in the dark from the pair, one being loaded and the other empty. The bully declined, and Mildmay. ac cused him of refusing a challenge, and ob served that after all he was not bound to meet ?» a felon, whereupon there was a general excla mation of astonishment, and a detective rush ing forward clapped the handcuffs on our fast : friend. The forged cheque that had been burnt was a forgery of .a. forgery, and the' original was in the hands of the authorities. A general explanation followed. The natural explanations, apologies, and reconciliations came afterwards. Mildmay had played a deep game, and at last established a new order of things in his home. Poor sub missive ' Potter could not understand what it meant; but his son-in- law might have said as he did, though in other words, to his auat— 'Marry, peace it bodes, and' love and quiet life; an awfulrule; and right supremacy.' In this play the main 'character was Mildmay, and to give a fair idea of Mr. Montgomery's style of acting' in this' character, .we could not ? do better than compare it to Mr. Jefferson in his favorite parts3, minus,; of course, the tinge of Yankeeisin that ran through the wonderful ' impersonations, of the great American actor. ? There was the same imperturbable coolness, never disturbed by any taunts, or any concate nation of circumstances. Except by a mocking glance, a peculiar' glitter in .^he eye, no. one. could tell that all was not peace and simplicity in the mind of our young Lancashire friend! ' We have him first yawning about his parlor, bearing j&minine; annoyances with Christian meekness, pad appearing wonderfully unsophisticated. An occasional dry remark- leads you to fancy that after all, to use his own expression, .' he is not such a fool, as he looks.' . Then though he ap pears cold, a keen .physiognomist and observer of character, could see signs now and then that his heart was not a frigid one. Afterwards we see Tiini afflicted with the knowledge of his wife's weakness, and of his aunt's trouble. What a breakfast that was next miming with Mrs. Sternhold. . How he affected duJness ; how he stung her with . quiet retorts, that she never looked.. for from him ; how he eat and drank;. and how.be bore her invectives when she found, or fancied she discovered, she could not wake his dull soul into chivalry. In the next scene he is with the keen Hawksley and a fresh light is thrown upon his character. At first he is quiet and he^vy as ever, but through his seeming stolidi^jf^there -ever and anon flashes a cutting irony tEat puzzles the experienced and acute jaaan of ^rafij-jrorld, who did not look f or eacJg|^toGn« in sufefra quarter. Then there came the 05^5^^^- on the villain's affectations of excessive 'c66«feB, and at last the debisive demand. Hawlcaey's attempt at blows showed our hero in a new light j his blood was up, his voice raised in the accents of anger,' and his antagonist quailed before his look and attitude. Once. more we find him emotional, and displaying earnestness when he reforms the discipline of his own home ; and in his treatment of his ; wife and her aunt, and the mutual explanations, between them, we see the true loving chivairous heart — the gentleman without the Varnish. Throughout it was an unsurpassable -piece of acting, and we can only say in conclusion, ''We have been there, and we still would go.' Miv Mont gomery had the fortune to be .fairly supported. Hawksley is. a -character well (Adapted to Mr, Lawrence. . Though, his tones lack, insinua tion, he has a good conception of thebold, un- . scrupulous, , ready, -playful villain. Mrs. Mild- . may Was .well -represented by Miss St. Denis, ' who generally shines in the part of a naughty repentant wife. Mrs. Holloway f aiily rendered Mrs. Hector Sternhold, though her dialogue was apt to be too stagey at times for domestic scenes. Her management ? of her brother and gratitude to Mildmay were naturally and easily represented. Mr. Potter, the sleepy old gentle- ? man, bored by and under the dominion of women, full of admiration for; his sister, and absurdly misconceiving the character of his son in-law was personated by Mr. Rogers admirably. Dunbilk, an Irishman, apparently introduced into- the plot because there ought to be one Irishman in it, was represented by Mr. .Greville, who gave a dash of low comedy to several scenes that had a somewhat jarring' effect. Mr. Stanley made a tolerable detective, though he looked too eager. The other characters simply filled up the picture. The 'Eustic Prima Donna' fol lowed. . .- . ? It will be seen by an advertisement published in another column that the seventh annual matches of the South-Eastern Rifle Association will take place in August, beginning on Tuesday, 18th. We take the followingfrom the Argus: — The telegraph-line from South Australia brought us sad news yesterday, when it announced the sudden death of Mr. William Henry Flood, of Parkside, Adelaide. The whole of the shipping arid a large 'proportion of the mercantile com munities of Victoria and South Australia will receive the intelligence with deep regret, for it was the good fortune of the deceased to create a strong and wide impression in his favor wherever he resided. Mr. Flood was born over 40 years ago in Belfast, Ireland, being the son of an old Trafalgar naval officer. He was intended for the legal profession, but in herited too- strong a love of the sea to resist its temptations. Accordingly he -went to sea, and as soon as his years of apprenticeship were over, rapidly rose in the profession he had selected. He commanded ships in all parts of the world, ati'd in = 1851 of 1852 arrived here . with a vessel from India. At that time it was the custom for sailors to desert to the gold fields directly they arrived, and being in this manner forcibly detained in port, Mr. Flood elected to settle in Victoria, and entered the pilot service. After some years spent in this way, he resigned his office, and established himself at Queenscliff as an agent for shipping and mercantile news. He also held an ap pointment as agent for The Argus, in ob taining intelligence from the newly-arrived vessels. This duty was very important and very onerous. The Argus had long-established a reputation for publishing the latest informa tion, and this,' at that momentous period, was frequetftly of the highest interest. The Rus sian war was raging ;' Russian frigates were in the Pacific ; Pur recently-formed population was eager to get the latest news from the seat of war ; and, to crown' aU, the P. & O. mail seir viee via Singapore was stopped, and that of. the ' Black Ball line substituted. The consequence was that the most exciting news might-arrive at any moment, and to secure it was a task requir ing the extreme of energy, vigilance, and smart ness. Mr. Flood's complete success in this respect is a part of the minor history of this journal, and to this day stories of his daring and enterprise are told by the older residents of Queenscliff. Nor was he so wholly occupied that he could not spare time to do , the public a service. He was untiring in his efforts to aid in the organization of the township of Queenscliff, and when he left that locality the presentation by the inhabitants of a handsome silver service of plate showed that the value of his exertions was duly recognised. When the P. & O. mail service was resumed, and the South Australian mails were left at Kangaroo Island, Mr. Flood became the representative of the cArgus and Sydney Morning Herald in. South Australia, travelling with the branch mail 'steamer to and from King -George's Sound, for the purpose of furnishing us with , our monthly telegraphic 'summaries of news. These new duties were for nearly ten years per formed with unfailing punctuality, skill, and . aptitude. But during the .latter portion of 1867 : the. health tof the deceased began to fail, arid he was compelled to give up his journeys to the Sound. Nevertheless, he still did his shore work, and it -was hoped that'. in the end his strength would be nearly restored. That calcu lation proved erroneous, and' yesterday death came and took him away suddenly. Mr. Flood's loss will be deeply felt in South Australia by'a large 'circle of friends in Adelaide, 'the Port, and Glcnelg. He was on terms of friendship With the leading; men of that colony, and the Government had lately raised him to the rank .' ol ^erritbrial Magistrate. He leaves a widow, and irwo young children to mourn his loss. - 