ASLEEP OR AWAKE. I had been in India little more than two years, when I was sent to a frontier station to take charge of half a company of native artillerymen and two guns. It was about the smallest command that an officer could hold, but it was to a great extent an inde pendent one, with very little to do, except to attend muster on the first of every month ; and both the independence and leisure nao. great cnarms ior a youug bud, who, having been early snubbed for 'zeal,' had made up his mind to let military duties interfere as little as possible with his amusements. To keep tbe guns in re pair, I was allowed an establishment of native smiths and carpenters — some six or eight men ; but as the guns were only used on parade, and at other times were kept under cover, they never wanted re pair; and I employed the carpenters in making chairs, tables, and all sorts of fur niture ; and the smiths in making brass work, hits, stirrup -irons, and amongst other things, the steel heads of spears, for pig-sticking. But that one of these last plays a part in my story, I should not have entered into all these details. A choice specimen had just been finished after a new design of my own — a modifi cation of the laurel-leaf pattern — and my bearer had placed it on a small table, or teapoy, by the side of my bed, where I must leave it for the present The house next to mine (our compounds, or enclosures surrounding the houses, being separated by a mud- wall) was occupied by the padre1, as parsons are generally called in India — a married man, with a family ; and it was his wife's ayah, who, one morn ing about a week before I had anything to do with the matter, was found dead out side her hut, stabbed apparently with some instrument that had passed completely through her body. She was a goodlook ing young woman, the wife of the bhcestie, or water-carrier ; and they lived as happily as natives of the two sexes ever do live together, their occasional domestic differ ences culminating in nothing worse than the customary elanging-match, in which the native female almost invariably silences her male antagonist by the force and en durance of a piercing falsetto, combined with a power of barbing sarcasms, com pared with which the nagging of the British Naggleton is agreeable banter. The husband was, however, arrested, but speedily released, for want of any evidence to criminate him ; nor was he able to point suspicion to anyone as the possible culprit The notice were comuletelv at fault and the murder, too common an event in India to be even a nine days' wonder, had almost been forgotten. It was one of those terrible nights of June, when the air, after the blasting hot wind of the day, was as stall as death, and hot with a heat that was stifling. ' Not the crisp heat of a big fire, nor the stinging heat of the hottest room in the Turkish bath, but a heavy, flabby, edgeless heat, that set punkahs and tatties at defiance, and weighed upon the brain, till a helpless and hopeless feeling of lassitude, akin to despair, made the fitful snatches of sleep resemble painful intervals of prostration from debility. In the next room — the bath-room — burned a wick in a day saucer full of oil (the native chiragh) ; and by its faint light, coming through the half-closed door,' I had. so many times taken up and admiringly examined the spear-head I have before mentioned, that my hand had got familiar with its position. It must have been about midnight, when in a state of semi- somnolence, I became conscious, or rather felt the presence of some one by my bedside. . I lauded I heard— for the lamp had gone out— a hurried breathing and the rustle of a foot on the rush-matting. Not a month be fore this, I had been robbed, and rather cruelly for a poor subaltern : a rifle, dress ing- case, and other things had disap peared; and I had in vain made every effort to discover the thief or recover the property. It was not unnatural, therefore, that my first and only thought was of robbers, as, seizing my pet spear head, I plunged it wildly into the darkness, it struck something, ay, it struck flesh, for as I leaped out of bed, and made for the door, I felt its point wet end sticky with what only could be blood. When I say door, I mean the entrance into the centre room of the house. The door was open, but in the space hung a folding bamboo curtain, or chick as it is called. The house was the ordinary cantonment bungalow, bedrooms on each side of r centre room, the latter extending the length of the house, and opening back and front into the com pound^ As I lifted the chick, if I hesi tated at all in which direction to pursue, it was for less time than I have taken to write the word, for out on theateps leading down from the front door stood between me and the starlight a figure enveloped in the ordinary chudda (sheet) of a native woman. The blood rushed hot into my face at the instant thought that I had stabbed a woman ; but if I recoiled for a moment, with a sense of cowardice and shame, in the next I was in pursuit, deter mined to have explained this midnight visit I called to her as I stepped over the threshold, but she passed down the steps and round, towards the back of the house, where were the stables and some outhouses in which my servants lived. Barefooted as I was, I followed, and though the stones hnrt and cut me, swiftly as she went, and still refusing to answer me, I kept her in sight until she disappeared in the house of my ' hhitmutgar Hingun. The door was shut in my face, and fastened too, for it was not till after fruitless hammering, and when I was on the point of bursting it in, that it was opened by my own servant This man had come up the country with me. He had been recommended by the kindest of friends as an exceptionally good 'nigger' {pace Buxton); and he had fully maintained his character. Indeed, I had a strong liking for him, for he never gave me reason to doubt his honesty, and II had proved his courage as well as (I hoped) his attachment to me. When travelling up the river, we were caught in one of those tremendous nor'- westers, which, destructive as they are on land, are doubly so on the water. Our boat was driven on a saud-bank, which caused it to leak ; and it was driven off again, which caused it to fill. The crew and all my servants but Hingun swam to the bank, only some hundred yards distant, and the boat was floating in the state sailors would call awash. I had retreated to the roof of the cabin, and Hingun bad followed me, ' Save yourself,' I said : leave me ; I can not swim, and must stick to the boat' His reply was gentle and touching as that of Ruth to Naomi, and to the same pur pose ; and from that time, I need scarcely say. he was my favourite servant He was my factotum, in short, keeping my accounts, cooking my dinner when 1 did sot dine at mess, and checkmating, though not with out making many enemies, the attempted peculations of my other servants. ' Hingun,' I said, ' who is the woman that just entered your house ?' There was a tremor in his voice as he replied : ' Sahib, there is no woman here.' ' It is false. Get me a light instantly.' As he fumbled about in search of a match, I heard him nervously muttering the common form of exorcism in use with Mussulmans. Seizing him with my left hand, I passed my right down his arm, and took from his fingers the match ho trem blingly held, then stooping down to the dying embers of a small fire at which he had been cooking, I kindled the match, lighted the lamp, and turned to examine the chamber. Kneeling on the floor, crouched Hingun. He was quite a young . man, jand of a very fair complexion fora native, but now his face was livid- as, with a fixed and vacant expression, a very par alysis of terror, he gazed towards the door. On his right arm, I now noticed a jagged wound, a little below the elbow, clearly [uite recently .inflicted, for it was bleeding. ' What is the matter T' I said, ' Are you mad } Who has wounded you 1' No reply till I got between him and the . door, and taking nimby the naked shoulders, shook him till his. teeth chattered. 'Where is the woman?' I again asked. Slowly he gasped out : 'Sir, there is no' woman; it is a ghost' .. 'Fool I' I exclaimed; 'I saw a woman wrapped in a chudda come inhere. ' ' Again he muttered his prayer, as wring ing Ms hands he whined : 'Are, ari,tai; it was a ghost' « Yon Baw her, then V I asked. Holding his hands in ft snppliant attitude, he said : 'Forgive me, sahib ; it was she . who drove me to your bedside just now when you struck me.' . . 'Then it was you I struck?' said I, feeling considerably relieved. 'Who is she, then ? And how came she in my . house?' . ' 1H.J. Imh £11hJ 1*Sm ........ «... 1... _».l^ — 3 . luo «ciw» uiicu uu tsjrea -on lie replica : ' O sir, it is the will of God ; your slave must' tell you all. If he must die, he must die. She said she. would never leave me.'1 He then went on to say that the clergy man's late ayah was his paramour ,j that she had refused to leave her husband, and live with him ; and that, out of jealousy, he had watched his opportunity, and mur dered her. He had known no rest since, for the ghost was forever haunting him, and he wished to die— meant to take poison, but could not; was sorry I had not killed him, as undoubtedly she in tended me to have done. . I told him I should inform the police, and that he would be hanged, to which he merely said : 'It is the will of God. What will be, will be.' . . And here I admit there is a gap in my story, that at this point my conduct ap pears questionable and unaccountable. My duty was clearly to have roused the other servante, sent for the ' police, and given the culprit into custody, but X did nothing of the land, and I have ho recollection of how I got back to bed; but when I did get there, I fancy, what with the terrific heat and reaction from intense excitement, I must either have fainted or fallen at once into a profound sleep. 'When I awoke, the sun bad just topped the horizon, and. in the daylight my coarse seemed plain enough. I rose, ordered my horse, and at once rode over to the magistrate's/ He was in his verandah, sitting with several officers,' all my friends, taking Lie little breakfast (c/toJa ftazrt). I suppose I looked queer, for he greeted me with: 'Why, Gunner, what's the row 1 You look as if you had seen the deviL' ' Do I r I replied. « Well, perhaps I have.' They all laughed, and began to chaff me ; but Lawes seeing I was serious, took me aside, and asked if anything was really the matter. I told him my story, and, as I expected, he smiled and said: 'You have had a bad night, and no mistake.' 'Well, Baid I,' pulling off a shoe and sock, and showing my scratched Foot, 'what do you say to this, and this t' pro ducing from my pocket the spear-head with dried blood upon it He started on seeing the : latter, and, taking it in his. hand, remarked thought fully: «lt must have been with some thing of this kind that the woman waa stabbed.' 'At all events, it could not have been with that,' said I, ' for it was only turned oat of my workshop yesterday.' ' Well,' said he, 'you go home : don't say anything to the man ; and Til come over and breakfast with you at eleven.' I waited impatiently enough for the hoar, and had breakfast on the table as I heard the buggy drive into the compound. Lawes sat opposite to me, and Hingun stood as nsnal behind my chair. like most of his class, though he could not talk English, he understood it sufficiently to follow the drift of an English conversation. Lawes, who, I noticed, purposely spoke slow and dis tinctly, began by observing that the police had a due to the ayah's murder; that it was said that she had had a lover, and that he was the suspected man ; that the police would arrest him daring the day, and that at that very moment they were probably searching his house. As Hingun moved round the table to bring the dish I asked for, I noticed his face certainly paler than usual ; and as he held me the dish his hand was decidedly unsteady. Breakfast over, I called to Hingun to bring me a light for my cheroot. While holding ont m-f. ? - B $ to ae lie lighted otton. it alcon ft! H - from hi? JhsGd as Lawes Euddesiy addressed V;. r his : ' Rhittnrjtear, fcois- case yea with -*ie. : tbit wojmd on your ana ?' ||- Khrf round,' it is nothing; ths esilb *??; ; kr. :?*-?= Lc-sr It w£« done.' ^ . ' Yes.' said L&vres.; ' tie ctmV. ssvs he Si I did it : but hoir carce you to be in Lis ^ j: r.'?'=. Ui the middle of the idglt T j^j.: Giarlh Pirwa. yozr skvt was sittkc |& J oatddt Lb dc-cr — for the nigit vrzs tot — SjS j irber. seeing do lirtt in tie sahib's room. jjp ;' I ran to the honse. for I said, ' The dacoiis fijE s Lave come again.' ' Sgf i ' Thin idio was the woman toot m2S g| '. ter saw P £C : i; TVoman :' he said viih a start and ic gg ? an eicit«i tone : K litre was no woinaE. §^. ? The Ssiib followed me to my house, and 1S3 ; then I discovered that he was asleep. I Wl ' ltd him back to his b*d. aod he cevtr woke §|5 !: till 2r'Er past his usual hozr. — VToaan .' Ep s How should the sahib ee a womac V Sst' i ' Enough.' Eaid Lawes : ' yes can go.*' i£g ?? And then tsrnina to me with a Einile : j§j§ - ' You see, ray dear fe'loTr, it's ail as clear kgz ' a= mod : roa bar* beec doing a lirde sodm |pc ambniism.* While he spoke, his bead ztv?. \ T.'lir^trsfcTi p-nt^Tf-.T_ sr?d said ctii£llv that they had searched HiEgmi:E house, arjd cothins whatever had beec found to incul ps:« him. u Good-bye. Conner : don'r dis tress yourself. Take a little bine pill : these hot winds are encTigh to cpset acy oee'e iiver. I shall say iicrtfrirsp of all this, if yon prefer it.' 'Thaok too,' said L 'Yes. keep it dark, or I giiail be baliied out of Jny life.' He drove o£ and left me feeling rather foolish, and a little obstinate. It was cer tainly iDore probable that I had been walk ing in idt sleep than that I Lad realir seen a ghost : but so vividly was every circmn slance impressed on my mind, that I conld cot eject the scene from memory as a mere dream. It haunted me by day, and night after night / vnr it to onvaryiBgJy re enacted in my dreams, not once, bet is every period of sleep, that ite constant re pitition tiaij the effect of enmbing my senses, like the monotonous sound of the ticking dock or of droppiBg water. More ; familiarity with it seemed to quicken ite recurrence, and condense its action, till at last it would pass through my brain, focos Eed, as it were, into a minute of time, like a page of glint photographed to a speck. And I may as well say at once — for I am not propounding a problem for psycholo gists, and therefore ffismisp my feelings — that this state of things went on serionsly efiecticg my health, until the dinoutmmt, if I may so call it. of the my bier). It was abont a fortnight after the inquisitorial breakfast that I noticed a change in Hingun. I had watched him (aodhe knew it) with the keenness of baf fled suspicion; but all I bad hitherto noticed was that he appeared to ronse him self with an effort to do what he had pre viously done with a readier volition. How, he certainly looked ill There was a jaun diced look in his face, which looked thinner, End his Ungniri manner was in stronger contrast than ever to Ms former brisk ac tivity. I eaid nothing; but the doctor {an old fri£ad)calling oae day, I had Hia gnn in to be examined. 'Oh,' said Fills, ' it's deaz enough he's got spleen : it's as common as babies with those people ; and he will probably die.' It Eonnds like a light and unfeeling remark, bnt was not so meant ; for a kinder fellow than Fills (his nickname, of coarse) never lived, nor one with larger sympathies for his fellowcrea tores, black or white. Bat Death— jrben vre meat the metre inoof walkj, Ac we did yesterday, and sdaH to morrow — Soon grows faadhax. And this most truly applies to a country which cholera never quits, and where the most hateful lesson one has to learn is a familiarity with death. I remember break fasting with a man between eight and nine one morning, and at noon he was dead ; and on another occasion, the first news I heard in the morning, after a jovial bachelor-part;, which broke nponly in the Email-hours, was the death of one who had been the merriest of us alL Whether Hingon took the medicine the doctor sent him, I cannot Bay; perhaps I ought to have made him take' it in my presence ; but I did not He got worse rapidly ; and at last his feet and' ankles' become so swollen, that he conld no longer attend upon me, and'iemtdbed almost entirely in his bed. Atrophy supervened, and a piti able emaciation efiiiced aU semblance of his former sell As I stood over him one morning, he looked at me long and calmly, for he did not seem to suffer, and at last said slowly and faintly : ' Sir, I am dying. Ton have been a kind master to me, and X am' a bad man. What the magistrate said that morning at breakfast was true, God forgive me ! it'was I that killed Rosn'nn ' A crowd of questions' rose to my lip's,' struggling foi' utterance, but I checked my self, and said: 'Will yon tell this to the magistrate ?'' ' Yes, sir. Send for him. I will con fess everything.' Like a good fellow, La wee came atonce on receipt of my imploring note. '''Well, Hingun,' he said gently, 'you have some thing to say to me.' Gfuirib pahea, I am dying. . It is' the will of God. She said die would nezxr lane me' ' The very words,'! conld not help ex claiming. ffingnn then repeated die story that now for nearly' tWo months Had been stereo typed in My memory. ' He spoke with dictatioD, and when Be finished,! said: 'This is the story yob t6W me that night in your house.' Slowly shaking Ids head, and looking fixedly before him, with the stare I well remembered, le gasped bat : 'No, nq ; I never told flus before | to any one.— ^ee I she follows me to thegrave, asahe said Bhe would;' and, then, as his head fell back heavily on the pillow, he mattered the ex orcism. , ?, , : ? .. 'pne ^ word more,' said Lawes. ' Wlat weapon did you use ?' Shuddering, he hoarsely whispered : ' I had cooked the sahib's dinner, and the spit was in my hand, when the devil put the bad thought into my mind ; then I became mad.*' Iawbs looked meaningly at me, for this explained thenature of file wound. We left Hingun to tie cart of his frife^ and co'4^u^oniate,' who fc»d waited oufelde daring «ur interview^ io whom, as far as I tonif ascertain, he spdkeno word, of his revelation io us, and who one and all protested -against the suspicions of the police, fie lingered for two days, and I vi^^'hiffl iftequently, accompanied some- 1 times by the dxtor. wir Sinned to grew iCterastei in tfct cj«. WIlel all was ever. Pils reirarfced : ?? V:cr na^ had scTce tbicg 02 his icird that heiped to kill him so ra^idiy/' ' ^iit r said I. ??' i;£ he teH yc.ii ab.:-ct the gnor: tttt fcsc^ted him V ' So. But tier; «« i. fh-wt, was there i It was his rich p uIk and look of terror that psizled ci New I uEdcretBijd. Hi v-~4 '7~:~LJ.-r ^1 *' j'--:/i. 2S'o zi^eciciiie ccald have savec ►--- *' Laws i.:A I ?::':-- talired it over : but I arp^ed with hie in viin asainst his matter of-fact d:::ii:r. Ee baa settled it, that HinecE Lii cr^nitted the murder; thit he fescie-i r:r..^i:'h-iatei (a very common thing an::-cst ratiTti) ; that either fe« drere iin to n:y bedside, or that he csme to rob s:e, ?:? in either case disguised as a Konir- : thit I did n:t walk in my sleep, bet all actcai.'y c--jurred as I had described. Lc'St ejrpef.tzc-'r i»d coLvinCcd me of the habitual bas.-neS5 and falsehood of natives of Hinrar/i clsis : but that he. a mere lad, in whom I hid been able to discover none fast aznaiable ccaiities. was capable of all tsis crine. I coald not, r^ay. 1 cannot be ikve. Bctoi;'! lis bare coufesaon, evidence against hiai was sought in vain. It is trae it most have beec soae weapon iike the spit that inflicted the woimi : but dacois s-?nietin:e= are arrnec with a short slender spear, ebq perhaps the st-it was the nearest approach to a deadly weapon Hingun h^ ever bandied. Bather I prefer accepting the unreal view c-f tie mitten He tnigit have loved the woman, though I donbt the possibility of keeping secret a criminal con nection. The niarder was a great shock to his mind, and he bru-oded over it till his orerwroDght iaiE^ination created the vision. and suggested self accusation. By what sffinitive force I became an accessory after the fact (or the delusion), I must leave to the electro-biologists. In the annals of Dreamland, there are well authenticated records of far stranger hallucinations. 