r '• "•'—^-t— My visit to Tasmania- Extracted from the Diary of H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh. Monday Qth January—So here we are in harbour once more. J udging from the looks of the place, I should' fancy Hobart Town must bo remarkably quiet at all times. The good folks tried to get up a cheer as we dropped anchor; never heard such a ghost of a cheer in my lilemakes me ill to thiuk of it, so I must have some brandy aud soda water to fit me for the duties of to-morrow. Tuesday.—Confound state entries, state receptions, state carrmsrs triumphal arches and odes of welcome ! This is certainly a pretty town, and wears a thoroughly English aspect. The less one savs about the procession the better. Ths Mayor is a jolly lo< king old card, but evidently thinks no small beer of himself. That, wretch Newry sniggered in his face while the old ciiap was reading the address from the Corpora - tion, and Icould hardiv keep my own countenance, when I caught si«hi of a young fellow in a wig and gown, who appeared to consider himself ihe head cook and bottle-washer of the whole affair. He was pluming himself aud stretching his neck like an amiable old drake One energetic female nearly knocked my eye out with a large cattfv/s—Thank goodness the .first day is over. Wednesday.—Laid the Foundation Stone of the new Cathedral tins morning—rather a seedy-looking lot of ecclesiastics present, 1 nniM say—The Bishop buttered me up to any ex) ent, but ended bv saying as i much as thai if i didn't give a precious large subscription, i should be i an infernally mean fellow. He is evidently a fisher of men, for he spread I his net to catch subscriptions from dissenters, and "nonconforming breth- j ren" of every denomination. Where did they pick up those long hymnt-: ! Got back to Government, House in time for 1 ho Levee - such bows and j scrapes 1 What's his name, Dobson, attended with an air that seemed I to say, " haw, I only come to set a good example— haw—to the people | here—haw—and to show them how liie ibiug ought lo be done, han ." i He shan't go away in the Guiatea,'for Captain Ta.Viu;- Cauiaiu any- j body else. " ] 