COLONIAL FUNDED DEBT. TO THE EDITOB. Sir—The "elaborate scheme p.ropotmded in. the communicated article in the Advertiser of jl7th •would lead, if it could be carried put*,' t6 J dear rates of money to private borrowers, to jobbery, and to fraud, embezzlement and bankruptcy." A Bank monopoly such as is proposed would hot. be tolerable or tolerated, nor would Savings L Bank .depositors or Friendly Societies feel j very • . comfortable at seeing their frugal means squan dered in a Post-Office a century earlier than required, a Local Court-House, and a Lunatic Asylum—altogether in vol vin g. ■: L up war d s of £100,000—being built simultaneously. By what means would Goverment meet the demands of depositors, suitors, and members-of Benefit Societies, when their money [had once been squandered? • How could such an operation as the late £400,000 loan, effected in Lqndon at 8 per cent, premium, have been managed here, and another for £800,000 to follow closely ? The "strictly local Bank" shadowed forth reminds me of the celebrated John Law's Mis sissippi scheme, as exemplified in the following extract from "John Law, the Projector," by Harrison Ainsworth:— "And I engage," rejoined Law, seriously, "that the shares will be eagerly sought, and rise so rapidly, and to such a height, that if you buy a thousand pounds' worth you shall .win ten thousand in less than a month." This assertion elicited exclamations of aston ishment from all the party, and Sir Harry shouted out "Bravissimo! that's the scheme for my money. I shall go for a thousand shares." " We'll all go iu for ten thousand," cried the others. " Make a fortune while we are about it. Success to your scheme, Mr. Law." The scene changes to Paris. " A Royal Bank (or strictly local), eh ? That is the scheme!" cried Saint Simon. "The Sieur Law proposes to make the whole nation a grand Banking Company," said Yillevoi. "A magnificent idea, eh, M. Le :Duc ?" ""Very magnificent," echoed St. Simon. "I won'twearyyouby detailinginy scheme, M. •le Due," observed Law to St. Simon, "but I .design to represent the whole of the revenues of State and all funded prop er ty by banknotes; in a word, to substitute paper money for metallic currency, the advantage of which change I have satisfactorily demonstrated to His Royal High ness."- . t . "The scheme is perfectly "Utopian, and scarcely merits consideration," sneered Noailles." "Hum ! I am not so sure of that," observed Saint Simon, " I have declared my ignorance of financial matters, but this plan deserves at least consideration." [ " ' " Granting the utility of a Royal "Bank;"-ob served Noailles, "though I would not haveit conducted ontheplanrecommeded by the Sieur; Law, a Beason of general distrust like the pre sent is unfavorable for the experiment: Such" a Bank is 'not; wanted, and, if established, /would- not -assist us-:in paying off the "State ' debts. We ' must proceed slowly .but' surely,-; suppressing all/ useless ' ex penses—retrench in .every. department.'" • c "Such-measures will' accomplish little,.".ob served'Saint Simon; "recollect what Tullysaid ' when he had made" a like exp erim'ent and failed— .'Petty 'rascals; .only'Jail;into",the nets of jus tice : gijeat thieves escape,? ", ° Your communicator will be-able to elaborate' his/scheme * by'/reference to /the" work quoted from. How true" it is that'history reproduces itself. ■ i *' /.Ii'J 1! • <: I,am,. Sir, &c.;, - lJ - J JOHN LAW'S GHOST. 