NEWS OP THE WEEK. ? The present long-continued dry weather is becoming every day a matter of more serious importance to tho farmers in this district. Many of them have been even unable to plough for seeding in conse quence of the hardaess and dryness of the soil. Should rain come now, so much tuue must elapse t before the land now unploughed can be sown, as will render the seed-time a very late one. On some land the wheat has 'Oeen sown, and it came up very well, but it is now looking fellow: and sickly. for.: the want of mois ture. ITrbm crops which are so suffer-; ing, fanners do not anticipate a heavy yield at harvest day, as any check in their growth is seriously detrimental to . the health of the. plants. The present has been an unusual season for the growth of wild oats, drake, and other rub - bish in the land after harvest. Our best farmers have in some instances had to move their land several times since har-* vest, in order to cheek the growth of the ? rubbish infesting the soil. Others, as we have hinted on a previous occasion, . have had -to. 'be content with simply scarifying the soil and harrowing the seed in, because the red rust has so crippled their resources. If so great difficulty has been experienced by 'far?,, mers with a sufficiency of means to keep down noxious weeds, it may very readily ; be anticipated that the crops -on the worst farmed land will be almost choked i'up : |-eeh iii ? better season for autumn cultivation of the land, and it is unfortunate that lo many f irmers have been precluded from availing themselves of it. W e have been told by some farmers that they have suspended all seeding operations until rain has come, believing that the seed 'is safer in the bags than in the field, as a good deal that has been sown will not gQjminate^mtii moisture comes. .iurt, i port.' The poHce of rae town are quite , right: in putting whatever laws there are . in, force, but ic xs rery easy to imagine cases in which great hardship would en eue if this enactment was rigidly enforce^. In; ^etinstanc^ we allude to,' the man been looking for wo A, bad been unable to . obtain it, and had therefore intended to start overland fbr Wallaroo to try and obtain employment at the mines. Supposing his statement I . to be true, and that nothing else was known of him, it almost appears .that to locfc- him up for being .out of work, was to make poverty a crime instead of ; a misfortune. Our/ ancestors bad some verypjetrong' opinions tfn this point, and tihe recurrence of such eases ' would lead one to suppose that we are treading in their fo-$s|jep^ iPje1r,niotto wasj „-* if a man will not work neither shall he eat,' and in some, instances they took very effective measures, to put their theory into . practice. We r€»d in some books, describing the manners and customs of the middle age»; thafc'in the good: old ti&es; tho professional ^Jnendicant/had ratber hiurd times of 'it. i rtOn!the fir'st occ&sion; a man was detected away from his home without any ' visible means of| support, ' he was 'sent bach, and put into the. stocks. iPor a :. repetition of the offence, he was tied to a cart tail, and flogged up and down, the streets of the : town. If he was what they considered so incorrigibly idle as to- be found a third time sinning in a similar fashion, our ancestors jgaye him up as a bad job, and s suspended ' 'him from the nearest gallows. In the case at Gawler where the man had no visible means of sup port,' the punishment he endured -was probably a kindness if ne could but be brought to view it in that light. He was merely housed and fed in the Government buildings for a couple of days and nights^and then discharged by the Magistrate IwitJi advice; to ' clear out,4® which advice we imagine he would I nrobahly consider it . better for him to take. . Can any one inform us why flour should have been quoted . higher at Adelaide than at Melbourne, where it is exported to ? We give it up, and have done long since. To us it would almost seem as if the article might, after being shipped to Melbourne, be purchased ! there, and sent back again to undersell I some of our flour merchants. Our I neighbours in Victoria complain that i they are fleeced by the protectionist duties on the staff of life in this dear season, but we. who are blessed with com parative free trade, have to pay as much, | or more than they, who labor under subh mischievous and impolitic -fiscal .regula tions. It v appears that we are suffering, and shall b.e likely te 'do to a still greater extent, from the fact of the major por tion of our supplies having heen monopo lized by a few wealthy firms. It may be held, and it would possibly be true, that as there wants' a considerable period of time until another harvest, what we are now experiencing is but a small thing to what we shall do. This * may be so, but taking stock of the present, is one way of being prepared for the future. Because of a stoppage of the tele graphic communication between Europe and Ctalle occurring just before the departure of .the , last mail steamer from HGralie, the Panama mail, whicb has arrived during the past week, has been ; able to bring us some interesting intelli gence. The Liberal party in the British Parliament, under the leadership' of Mr. Gladstone, has assailed, the outwerks of the new Tory Cabinet, and has been victorious. The resolutions, 'having for their object the dis-establishmeht of the Irish church, ,have been .carried by a large majority.. It has been affirmed in a verv full house that it is expedient all property and preferment in the greater and lesser 'dignities of the Established Church, of Ireland, should be given up by their present possessors, fo be dealt with as Her Majesty and the wisdom of Par liament may direct. After the passage of the resolution the House adjourned for the Easter Holidays, and we await with some interest the news of what course the wily Premier will adopt. It will be . noticed that they , do not even suggest how the confiscated property should be redistributed, and that is the question over which the fiercest fight will take place. Present advices seem to hint that the Cabinet will not resign because of- the passage of simple resolutions, neither will the Premier appeal to the country if he can avoid it; although the amendment cf Lcri Stanley, to the 'effect that the -sub- ject should no- be dealt with by a. mori bund .Parliament, seems to point to the Conclusion that in the judgment of Mr. Disraeli and his friends, the voice of tbe country should be heard upon it. Gawles Institute — The members of the Institute Committee were summoned to a meeting on Tuesday evening, the 2nd. inst. In consequence of supenor attractions elsewhere there were only four present, the Pre»ident {Mr. L. S. iP-urfcon^ ' the . Secretary J. BaHey), M&isx;*. sfju&i; Mxcijii Tirad Pauie. « It was proposed and -carried, that a sheet of (music 1 containing the. - Song of Australia' should be properly bound and inscribedi iot, j^entatabii 1» Mf. f B. Fotheringham, in Ben of the shabby piece of workmanship handed to jhim at ihe entertainment. ~ Some ' rather 5 extra ordinary accounts were rendered to the Committee, and it wastagreed that the meeting should be adjourned for a week, in order that son% explpuitioit jshosld. be tecoived ofthesiaQco'oilts. settling ior these races will fakepiaTO on Monday evening, the 8th ihstant, afc the Prince Albert Hotel, Gawler. - Spoetdtg. — The mitcli wlndi was made by Mr. O. Adcock, the owner of Corsair, with Mr. Mr. McEwen of Gaw ler, torunhishorse^against Mri Morris's DMae mysimx& sia^ come to a, prematare conclusion,. !Bie'imdich was mads on the Gawler Race Course, and; £5 deposit was paid by both parties into the stakeholder's hands, Mr. B. Holland, According to the articles drawn tip, the remaining £190 was to be paid on Satur- ^ day, tbe 30th ult., at the O^d Bushman ▼ Hotel st 2 o'clock, p- m. Mr. Adcock was there punctual to time, and on the clock striking the hour 'n»n-e-j ^ Mr, McEwen not being present, it was agreed to allow him five uiinutes grace. When that time had elapsed, and he had failed to put; in an .appearance, Mr, Adcock elaitned forfeft, aud received it. Immediately after this Mr. McEwen presentee htmseli prepared .te pay Sown the amount agreed upon, and he wa» informed, what had been done. He explained that he hadmiscaflculated th» time, and Mr. Adcock. offered again to make th^ nmtcb, hut toftKss-ifo!: MeEweit would not agree, consequently the^Etir is now over. KoitAjf CATHOMtrlfenTAi* orr Wkit— Hond ay at Gavleb. — We take* tho fol^ 4 loxving from the ii^is^ejr ; — A correspond F -dent has sent us the following': — -Tho^ * f holidays ot last week, iacla?dinc the ^neen s iiirthday ana two* days horse5 racing, would have left us mtboofc any celebration of one of the most ancients holidays of the Christain Churchy but for' the considerate . recogmtioo of it' by the worthy and much-esteemed pastor ofthef Roman Catholic body, lathe*' Reynolds^, who planned in a spirit of grezst fiberality' a day's enjoyment for the younger' branches of his flock on Whit' Monday. | Early on Monday morning the- flag of' . the Gawler Young Men^s Society was seen waving on the breezy summit of Church Hill, near the Presbytery, and at 10 o'clock nine wagons, with sundry* lighter conveyances and a small squadron of horsemen were assembled at the spot, the former freighted with the children and teachers of the * Christain Doctiroe Confraternity,' with 'sundry assistants to the number of 200, of whom 130 wer© joyous juveniles. ? After singing the ' Hymn of the Confraternity' and tha ' Song of Australia,' the whole started in procession for Mr, James K!ain's farm about four miles down the Gawler River, the beautiful banner of the Confraternity* with its motto, Oportot nos i» Chwcd glonori, leading the way, and, national flags gracing other parts of the cavalcade. The catechumens who had been admitted to baptism at Easter were, according ta ,the- early usage of the Church, habited in white, ' as emblematic of the spiritual purity which the rite of baptism is* enj» ' posed to confer j' and' henceV according I to the best etymology, the name Dominica. j Alba, or White Sunday, the Jewish iFeast I of Pentecost, when the Apostles were : ' baptized with the Holy Ghost and with j fire, and began their ministry by bap i tizing 3,000 persons. In early times, i Whitsun Eye was specially set apart fbr j the ceremony of baptism, and an ancient manuscript homily in the Harleian collect t tion informs us that — ' In the hegynn* yng of Holy Chirch all tbe children were kept to be crystened on this eveit at the font-hallowing; .hint how for en-, chesone that in so long abydyng they might dye without crystendome, there^ fore Holy Chireh ordeynefch to crysten at: aU ;times of' the yeare; save eyghfe dayes before these evenyhs the ehylde shalle abyde till the font-hallowing, if it may savely, fcr perill of death, or ells, noft' The readers of Strutt, Bradr. or Brand will he aware -that in. procees of time this solemn season -of the Churd^ was converted by the vulgar ansang our forefathers into odes of excess amlintem persuid®, forming a strikiaig coutrast to the pleasing and rational commemoration: of it under description. Arrived at Bun crana Park, the sylvan farm, of Mr. Kainx which was rendered more than usually picturesque and attractive by numerous flags waving welcome, the young among the visitors betook themselves to various sports and exercises, while the elderly portion were engaged in spreading tables with most abundant fere, brewing the cup that cheers without alloys carving ' poultry for appetites to delicate for beef, j ham, -fec., and getting ready sweets for a. desert, all provided by their generous pastor, wnose arqennons ^rougnouc the day to , his flocks wero indefatigable. Music, Vocal and instrumental, occasion ally enlivened the, hours which passed rapidly over one of themost delightful of our autumnal -days. I should mention on entering the grounds the Confraternity sang Cardinal Wiseman's beautiful ode*, 44 God bless the Pope,' and on leaving at 4 o'clock they sang the ' Song of Au * tralia' and the National Anthf»n^ giving cheers for Mr. Kain. The party, after a day of enjoyment without the least drawback, reached the Presbytery at sun set, where they sang the Evening Hymn, concluding with cheers for the Queen, Pope, the worthy pastor, and teachers*., A quantity of the broken victuals was considerately distributed the following morning among the poor of St, Peter's, and St. Paul's congregation, The Con. fraternity has ior President the Re*\ Pather Reynolds ; Viee-President, Mr. L. Purcell, jun. ; Secretary, Mr. James Callagaa, its object being the impartin'- TOligious instruction to the young on the Sat^th afternoons, and it is but justice to their zealous teachers and catechists on & y part (not being of their com munkm) to ^astify .to the moral and socially beneficial influence among the young of so judicious an institution. -?Phe ErarasH: MAZ£.-^Acc(^diQg ta recent alterations, the ynai | wffl ha duft. 