DESTRUCTION OF HER MAJESTY'S THEATRE. ^ ' On the night of Triday, Deceinber 6, one of the handsomest, certainly, if not the.' finest, ?gheatreln London went the -way of ail theatres, and wasbumt to the ground in jfess :than two loure. -Tlie fire while it raged was ' one of the fiercest 'ever known in Iiondon, and tlipiigh the'; main building, the beautiful the'atre, quickly burnt itself out and cnimbled away m a tower ing pyramid of flame, yet its surroundings' con tinued t« blaze as house after- house in the colonnade caught fire and were burnt' from roof to basement.. Those buildings facing the Hay-. market, and Pall-inall also suffered most seyereltt the houses, on the Haynwrket side being nimost completely-destroyed. The fire was first oDserved at about a quarter ,*&? il o'clock, itnd shortly after the first alarm «Jl t)he neigh borhood knew it far and near, for ihfe theatre was one gigantic mass ef flame in a.few mihutes. ' Anything like attempts to save property — that is to say, the properties in the theatre— was out' ef the question, for ihe interior glowed like a fmuace, and the flames, darting through the slight Toof, created a draught whieh instantly made all hope of caving either the buil-iix-g or anything in it totally impossible. With the assistance ef a large military and police force* the streets leading to the theatre were kept dear, and the . fire mains all round. ' Fegent-' street, Haymarket, and Pall-Mall turned fully «n» The supply of water seemed ample, and lire-engine after fire-engine an they came rapidly up were, under the directions of:, Captain Shaw, at onec-got into the best positions for checking the spread of the flames, for all hope of extin guishing them ' at their source was hope less. ,The glare at thiR time was seen all: ever the metropolis, and tens of thousands nocked, .from all points towards the great, centre - of the di aster, while ,. cabs, carriages, and even waggons blocked ? ihe thomughfares which led to it. In a short time . the steam fire-engines were iu full w, rk, and as fast as the now it is t- be hoped obsolete hand engines; arrived they too were set to -work. -The Bteam engines threw volumes of water with tre mendous force, and where their jets fell .they seemed to explode in clouds of steam. ,.,Not W ?*rfih ihe hand. enflLQBE, which ?r^qqued some SO nOHi7*p.fp Tio wviS uBptiL nuQ. tne xeeDie qtidDj \- t'V... :,j.j ,'-..* r ?from which was easily-directedand governed by .one man. , The:erertions of 'the firemen were beyond all praise. They climbed along parapets' and copings at lieights which made 6he cold 'to look af them, dragging with them great lengths pi leather liose with -which' to play upon the flames at any point that seemed of consequence, no matter What thp. risk lef the men themselves.. In spite of flame and smoke and a terrific storm of burning fragments, they kept their places on the roof, their comrades beiow turning now and then jets bt water upon and around the men to keep the spots cool on which ttiey istooi Tlie scene was one of terrible graidenr. The roof of the theatre fell amid a shower of sparks and burning fragments, leaving a gigantic mass of white naine in the : centre, the very heat of ^rhich alone was charring up and barhing 'fotulding after building around ih, AH' the 'steam fireHehgihes^'were «,t 'fall;' ?'?wort, iatid 'file monotonous thud thud of; iiiose worked by hand were the only' sounds ^whicli broke upon' the hoarse roaring of the crowd and the KeaVy flap of the great sheets of flame, which seemedj to' jeopardiB%;€ne existence of 'every building Tiear' theplace. Qver tlie frontrof the iclubs in^Pall-; mall the_ burning 'fragments fell', thick' as fcul; indeed, it -was impossible at times to piss along this , thoroughfare without danger of ' being severely b]iirnt. The chiefs x-f the police and' the firemen working among these ; the. : shouts; and , Cries of the men on, the roof -sf the building , itself an \t colonnade giving directions, amid the glaring uproar beneath, where to place tbe engine*, the efforts of the soldiers to keep the great moving mass of people back, all made up a Kcene as exciting' and &i; grand in its' terrors as the great fire some years 'ago at Ootton's-whatf. ^The theatre -was the main source of the whbje fire. As is alwuys thb' casej with theatres, it ; burnt like a tar-bari-el, 'but, as usual, left a mass of flame and heat which «worked ' quickly and surely through, into the surroundmg 'buildings, llouste after hous^ around it -was^utted,' in spite of all the efforts of;the tireinoL; , , The flames,'liow- ever, were well .within, cpntfbl, an&'tiie' engineB werie ^principally psed to keep tbe. -walls of the' main building cool, for in ininy places ' they were bulging ominously. ,' Of the theatre itself, one of the finest in'the worldl nothing remains^ but .the. bare, roofless walls, anii immense riiasnes of chaTred jnafieriala in indescribable confusion covering the whole space on. which the building stood.' ; Airthe costly propertit*; all:the ward robes of ihe establishment have perished, as have ah?i- the instruments of the orchestra, the grand - pianos, . and a musical library of incal cula'ile value; .wlifch had taken years to collect. Madame Titiens alone has lost jewellery worih from £1, 000 to £1, 200, in addition to all her magnificent stage .Hres.K.es. The grand organ, which cost nearly . £800, ' and all ihe stage scenery and 'decorations have been destroyed. ? By an odd circumstance, the only thing which has survived the general wieckis the dress in which the.ghost in 'Don Giovanni'' was wont to be played. The actual lind prospective loss to Mr. ', Mapleson, the lessee,' is -*timated' at EiE12,000, and the disaster, as it affects, him, is greatly aggravated by the f actsof his iiot. having beek insured, to the amount of a single shilling. He was about to effect an insurance, but it had' not been completed. , The. large duty cbarfteable upon theatrical properries is'tuideir-'. stood'io.iaye:preyiously detenedhim.. Iri!*the eourse ^of ?Saturday, December 7, Her Majesty, ? through .the Lord Chamberlain, sent a message to him -expressive of her sympathy and regret,' and a telegram from Sandiingham, in similar terms, accompanied by an expression of hope that no lives had been- lost on the occasion, .was received from His Boyal Highness the Prince of Wales. The Earl of Dudley held *he; lease of the theatre, -about 26 years of which are still to run, uuid it -war sublet to Mr. Mapleson. for 21 years, seven of which are expiied, at krant of £3,000 a year, payable in advance. It was built in 179& oii!the -site^of the previons hbiise,* erected. ? ? under the direction of Sir .John Tjsnbrbugh in 1705, which' was destroyed by fire on the pight of June 17, 1789. The first etone was laid by the then Earl of Buckinghamshire, and the house was opened on March 26, 1791, but for music and dancing only, a licence for theatrical performances having ' be'en refujsedby the authorities'of Uiat time. On the- destruc-; tion of the Pantheon, however, by -fire In the follbwing year its licence was transferred to the Opera in the Haymarket. The architect was ?. Michael NoFoeielski. and it was originally called the Kirig's -Theatre, but Jipnn ihe accession of. Queen Victoria it assuoied the name by which -it has ever since been known. .It. was the largest -in England, «xcept the 'Itaiiim. Opera, ? ite internal dimpnsions* being ioid -to ' be withiilfl. few feet of those of La Scalar at Milan. 4 From the curtain to the back of tlie boxes if was 'upwards of 100'feet long and S6 feet high- ' the wi^.th at the curtain was 40 feet, and that of the pit «5 feet. The stage measured 60 feet .from, the orchestra to the back wall, arid SO 'feet: between the side walls!: Tlie building was of brick, ^covered -with Roman ce,menjt, the eh 'tablaiuro being of Bath stone, and the surround ing columns of cast-iron colored to represent stone, '-and 17 feet in height. .- The. east, or principal, front was 283 feet in length, and 64 feettugh. In 1790 the interiDr of the building ?was p)iptly.- remodelled by Marinari, scene paintei- at Drury-lane., The exterior-colonnades and facades wej-e completed by blesses. ; Thomoa Nash and Kep^n, in;iS18. at a cost of £o0;p00. One characteristic of the theatre was its acoustic quality,: in which respect it is said i;o have been . unequalled by any building ; of , its yclass., llnch of the property immediately surround ing the theatre .has been more or lessinjurea,. and some of it compIeteiTy destroyed.. Tiie greatest /sufferer of $11 is Mr. Graves, the.'en-'. graver and priixfcseller in Pall-Mall, - whose rare. and beautif a', collection of piptnres w.eze burned. 'Ais.totTie originof ihe &re;, little Wr nothing lias been discovered, but the . opinion; is that it broke out first about some part of the stage. 