Jlclerjrnpl'itc Kixtclltscnce. (from our correspondent.) SYDNEY. August 28; 1868. Pahkes intends laying before Parliament papers verifying his statement that a conspi racy existed in connection with the attempted assassination of the Prince. The Breach of Promise of Marriage case, Silver v. IToskius, is dismissed. Lyster's Opera Company leave to-morrow for California. . Tho Hunter River Steam Navigation Com pany have declared a dividend of 10 per cont. The flour trade is stagnant. The "Boomerang" sailed for Gladstone this day. Bulletin v. West End. — Our contemporary in his issue of Thursday lust says, iu roforoneo to tho Cor poration, " Thero appears to exist a tendency ill this body to expend money lavishly on what has been laugh ingly called tho West End of the town." And so tile Corporation nro coolly belied simply that (ho, Editor of the Bulletin may have his sncor at a class whoso chief defect in his eyes seems to consist in their respecta bility. It is oertuinly something now in colonial, or indeed in any newspaper practice, to find Editors of papers attacking private circles whiuh .obstinately re main hrsonsihioto tlioir merits, and surreptitiously print ing at tho instance of any low contemptible black guard, bankrupt in purso nnd respoetability, oliaraotor, dofainutory handbills, nnd then flourish them iu drunken brnvntlo at tho bars of public- houses ; verily, our Limited friend is just carrying out tho programme wo forulold. "A gentleman" (another snoer at tho West End) " who keeps a gig, is of course ontitlod to huvo his wants tuoro cuiofully attended to thun ordi nary mechanics, though tho latter may pay quite as much towards tho -rate fund." Yes, the latter may pny, but it so happens that they don't. It is tho em ployers of mechanics, and it is mon able to drivo gigs who pay tho heaviest rates, and not tho artisan. So much for the wretched attempt at sophistry with which our conscientious contemporary favors Iiis rondors. Again, the Corporation aro " filling no swamp outside , the town." Tho swamp alludod to is just three-quar ters of a milo within the town boundary, and forms part of tlio main up-country road to the diggings nnd tho Downs. As there is literally no traffic of any kind in that part of Denham-strect which the Corporation vory properly rofused to mi till, we aro' at a loss to un derstand tho motive of tho Editor of tho Bulletin wanting tile street to be made to the Victoria Hotel. Surely tho grog is quito as good and strong at tho Leichhardt, which lias tho advantage to men whoso legs become unreliable after dinner, namely, that tho distance to the Bulletin offico can bo renchod with much less difficulty thnn from tho Vietorio, oven if it was motullcd for the express use of swipy customers.. Tho rote pnyers aro cnllod to armB, and told not " to lio quietly under the insult," tho metalling of Donlmm-strcot to tlio Viutorin is ot-"urgont necessity," — why of urgent necessity? How u journal can stultify itsolf by buoIi rcokless, ridi culous assertions, is incomprehensible. Tho faots of the euBO uro so olear, that all who run may read, but we suppose its all OK. Good News. — It is ovident that thoro is somo strong influence at work intho Surveyor-General's Department, and that tho obstructions which liavo almost rendered t ho Lund Bill inoperative, nro rapidly disuppoaring — for wo find a notice to the following olfcct has been re ceived, that the lunds forming tho resumed halves of the Graeoinero inid Moudow Flats Runs aro to bo pro claimed this week open to selection -under the 4Lst section of tho Act, and that all restrictions in selection of surveyed lands outside railway reserves, aro to bo withdrawn, and I hut tlio abolition of surveys within tho railwuy reserve are under oonBidoration. Thus two- thirds of tho restrictions which hnmperod tho Bill have been swept olf at ono foil swoop. Tho old nuo- tion system luis been done away with, and tho whole country will bo opou to selection,4 that is, the reserved pnrts, within a month. Tho land on oaoh sido of tho railway, now for snlo at 15s. per nore, will undoubtedly bo thrown opon to tho publio for eduction, and tho value of tho Bill will soon bo tostod. Tho real ob structionist to tho Bill has boon tho Snrvoyor-Gonerni, who is wodded, liko most elderly oflioials, to the pre judices of tlioir youth, but happily common boiibo has somo how or other, got a slight loot ing in tho Lund Ollico, tlio first appoarnnco of which is indicated by this sudden change of action. The future surveys of the Land Commissioners will be accepted without any further delay, and an immense amount of rod-tapoism dispensed with. In fact, the Government found that the Land Bill was a dead letter, and that the panacea which was to regenerate the debilitated state of the Exchequor had failed, and that their fear of giving the people a bargain had spoilt the Bill. Cape York. — The Courier of the 18th instant in commenting upon its Sydney telegraphic news, which reported an attack by the aboriginals on the above set- tlement, observes that its enquiries on the subject have led to the belief that its correspondent had been mis- informed, and that no such attack has been made. It so happens, however, that an attack has been made, which was repulsed by the Police Magistrate and his brother Mr. John Jardine, which resulted in the dis- comfiture of the savages, but not until they had mur- dered one of Mr. Jardine's old and faithful troopers " Yulah," who accompanied him in his overland expe- dition to Cape York. A large quantity of goods were recovered from the possession of the natives after a sharp encounter, which lasted a considerable time. The wants of the settlement have been shamefully overlooked by the Government, and had it not been for the chance arrival of a vessel, the residents in this Ultima Thule would have had to rely upon their rifles for their supply of food. Correspondents. — Newspapers protending to res- pectability, should be cautious in the selection of their correspondents, and exercise great reticence in accept- ing everything as gospel upon the ipse dizil of any person not on their staff or in some way responsible for the correctness of their communications. Dearth of news is no possible excuse for publishing such mis- representations and fabrications as some of our South- ern papers are in the habit of accepting. The sole qualifications apparently required by the Brisbane Press at the hands of their northern correspondents is the abuse of everything done in Rockhampton—to stick at nothing that can make as stink in the nostrils of the South — and we venture to assert that in no single letter ostensibly from a Rockhumpton corres pondent, has yet appeared, which was not defamatory in tlio oxtrome. Somo of tho correspondents aro woll known to be men wholly wit lioui chnraeter — mon of dosporuto fortunes— nnd oapablof any not of turpi tude, and who oflbr their services ns correspondents, simply to onablo tliein to retaliate upon their enemies. A correspondent of tho Queens land, 'Limes furnishos us with tho. following lit bit, which though harmless, still proves our assertion that e fleet is sl udiod more than truth. " A story, whioh I believe i9 quito true, is told of tho counterfeit Count Attcms, which goes a littlo way in itself to show ho was an impostor. Tho Count honored a ball given hero- during his visit with his presonoo, .and liimoulod, with a most lugubrious coun tenance, to a lady that lie wa9 put about for a lnck of 'funds — hot, howovcr, that ho wanted tho lady to lend him nnv, but by way of braggadooio. ' My dour ma dam, 1 can assure you zut 1 liavo only got six sou9aud pounds to lost mo for n von fortnight, nnd I vool quito uiisorublo.' Ho paid tho ownor of the hamlet's Ghost for tho yaolit, but T am afraid got tho money, on tlio strength of cortniu papers, from anothor Bris bane gontlcmaii. The count was vory profuso with his ' money both hero and on tho way from Sydnoy, and 'shouted' chnmpngno in tho most extravagant inannrr. Ho took away with him as eaptain of his ynolib Mr. Hauilyn, into of tho Q.S.N. Company's ser- vieo, but they fell out at Rookhampton nnd scparatod.: A young gentlomnn throw up his situation in tlio Custom-house to go with tlio Count, but ho also left the yacht at Rockliampton, and is oilhor baek or on liis way back. Thoro is littlo doubt that wo shall hear, of tho Ghost before sho gels to Batavia, supposing that to bo her destination, for sho is a gimcrnek craft, nnd it is unlikely tho new owner would cure to go too fur from land in her." The story told by tho correspond ent of tlio Queensland Times, about tho count is not a bad ono ; but tlio writor is singularly unfortunate when bo comes to deal with what ho considers to bo fuuts. It is vory truo that, tho count did ougngc Captain Humlyn, and that there was a " falling out," but tho dillorouco (for which tho Captain may bless liis stars) took pltico at Brisbuno before tho Ghost hud " vanished gaily " from port. Ab to the young gontle- mnn who left his situation in (ho Oustom-houso to make a trip in noblo company to tlio North, ho oer tuinly did not leave tho yacht ut Koekhumpton, be cause the yacht nover camo thoro. but " passed it and wont on to Bowcti without its owner condescending to pay us a visit — an act of discourtesy for which we hold oursolvos highly indebted to him. Tlio abuso of Roekhumpton by tho Brisbnnites for oneo in a way did us good ; tlio Count could hardly lower his dignity so inuoh as to visit a " Provincial town," completely" out at olbows and done up. At least such is tho caso, so wc are informed by another correspondent of tlio Times, who declares wo aro " insulferahly st upid nnd dull, tivou worse than llu-y aro at Ipswich." This is a compliment whioh, unfortunately for tho payor, losos its point, because tkeVo is no truth in it. Wo may bo dull, but to compare us to Ipswich is a. 'ding insult to injury. Our Customs returns prove pretty plainly that wo nro not quito in Quoor-str.et, while the acti vity prevailing on our various reefs, tho largo sums of money invested iu machinery, and tlio gonerally iin- provod tono of trarlo show wo liavo somo life in us, and that wo uro not yet " boggars all." It iB strnngo what delight these Southerners, who "nro bitton with tlio cacoethes serilcndi, tnko in abusing Roekhnmpton, but, fortunately for us wo can bear it ; wo don't evon wince nt tho terrible stings dealt by this Brisbane " wutor- fly Horatio." Callousness.— Wo liavo boon informed (says the Bendiyo Advertiser)' I hat sinco the sontonco of death was passod on Hogan in Oastlomaino on Monday lust, lio continues to display tho saino callousness nnd in- difloronco as to liis trial, and ovon nt t ho time ho was sentenced by the judgo. Ho has beeu heard to euy that he would before his oxoeution " mako a clean breast of it" in regurd to tho murder of Roonoy. During his trial nt Castlomnino some of tho police forco, who hud been stationed in New South Wales formerly, recognised Hogan as a man who hud passod undor another name, end it is said that lie mny probably liavo othor crimes to confess besides that for which ho is to sudor death. Assault. — His Worship was engaged till a late hour yostordny in hearing a cuse of assault of Mrs. Nash v. A. Barnard, and a oross caso ol Bar-' nard v. Mrs. Nnsh, Miss Nash, J. A. Williams and J. Skinnor ; a groat, deal of coiifiicting ovideuco was hoard, but ns tho caso was remanded till Saturday (this day), wo hold bur report over until Monday. The Blacks. — We believe there is a law in ex- istence which forbids blacks to rove about the streets of the town at night. If such be the case, we suggest that it be put into operation, because we have noticed for several nights past, on our road home, parties of two or three of the sable colored gentlemen sneaking about the yards and houses not very far from the Cornstalk. There have been many complaints made lately about the disappearance of fowls, ducks, linen, pots, pans, kettles, &c.;, and, if we are not much mis- taken, they, most of them, find their way to the wig- wams on the hills. On Wednesday night, at twelve o'clock, we saw two of the blackskins dressed in trousers, white shirts, and wide-o-wakes hanging about the end of Fitzroy-street ; directly they spied us, they walked rapidly in our direction, and, as they came up to where we wore standing, they lingered for a minute, then with a surly good night, sauntered in the stables attached to the Cornstalk. We commend these mo- hawks to the consideration of the police, for if steps be not taken to forbid them to wander at night round about our dwellings, mischief will come of it. We know a gentleman who, on Wednesday night, thought it advisable to cap his revolver, so many blacks were sneaking about his premises in the midnight watch, some of whom were roaring drunk. A Ruffian. — On Thursday morning a man named Jaraos O'Neill was brought before his Worship, upon a charge of assaulting and beating Anno Loe, a married woman. Ou the morning of WodnoBday tlio prosecu trix and hor husband mol tho prisonor by chance., at tlm Railway Hotel ; thoy laid no previous knowledgo of liira ; nfter a littlo conversation, Leo asked prisoner to aoeompany them to tho Tat t, orsoll's Hotel, where thoy all had breakfast. When Mrs. Loo was paying for her own and hor husband's breakfast, tho prisoner asked hor if bIio was going to pay for liis ; sho replied, no; ho then said that ho laid -only a olioqito in his poekot, and she must pay. After a few moro words, prosecutrix nnd her husband left, tho hotel and went towards lioma, where the former arrivod first; tho latter shortly nftorivurds came in and luid down. A few minutes olapsod whou O'Neill, eiuno up and asked Mrs. Loo if ho could have a sleep in the tout. She told him to go homo to his lodgings ; ho then b.egnu to insult and abuso hor in tho most frightful maunor. i Not satis flod with this, ho bent hor most unmercifully, cutting her face vory soveroly, and bruising hor about the forohoad. Sho soroamod murder, and hor husband camo to her aBsistanco ; upon this tlio prisoner, who had a stiok in his hand, and with whioh lio had boon holnhoriug tho woman, rushed up to him, hit him on tlio head, nnd broueht him to tho ground. Prisoner pleaded guilty, and said lie must liavo boon mad drunk. His Worship fined liiin £5, or two months imprison ment. The Racecourse Road.— Tho Mayor tolls ub that Dcnhiim- strect " got a turn," and lio would not have said so if it did not gut it, 'and'- wo, .think ho was porfoclly oorroot in nogntiving a petition, tho. granting ol .which would ncoossitnto tlio spending of a largo sum of money, if the Corporation chest wore not ablo to stand the pull upon it. It is vory truo that it would bo just ns possible to complete Donham-streot as to " undertake roads over the 'rango, to improve a road to tho racocourso, or to fill up tho swamp out- sido tho town," but, tho tho Corporation did not think it so advisable. It would not bo wiso at prosont to do all of thoso, and thoro can bo no doubt. : whatever but that it is far wiser to mako a hotter road to tlio racecourse than to mnt.nl Donhnm-Btreot, bocauso the formor is one of tlio ohicf outlets of tlio town, nnd becnuBO tho lut tor comes to n finish nt t.lio foot of tho range, and is only usoful to tho pooplo that ; livo'on oithor Bido of it. Thoro is littlo or no traffic be yond tho Loiohhardt and if the road were mctnllod from tho hotel to tho range, that traffic would not bo incrcasod, and no one. that wo can seo would ho bonoflted. Tho I chief reasons why tho potition for tho racocourso was granted woro ; bocauso it was considered nocossary to clear tho way to tho Oroscont Lagoon ; bccausoa great number of pooplo who hnvo contributed lurgnly to tlio rates lor years past liavo never hndono ponny laid out. to bonofit thom, because the road loads to that part of tho old Yaamb'n rond, much used by earriors, and bocauso it would confer a great benefit not only upon tho various inhabitants on tho lino of rond, but bo of great .convonionco to teams coming in nnd going out of town. A good outlet is of much moro consequence than' a street in town that leads nowhere, and which if inado as smooth us a bowling green and as hard as granito, ' would bo vnBtly littlo use. What urgont necessity is . thoro to metal Denham-st rent further than tho Lciah- hnrdt hotol ? William-street is motallod to tho Upper .Dawson-rond, and Derby-street is in progress, but wo cannot seo that thoy arc reasons why Donham-streot should be sorvoil in ilia 'sumo way; both VVitliuin and Dorby Streets are outlets and inlets, nnd thoro was a nocossity to make thom sound, nnd while thero are so many ways of sponding publio money,: it would bo folly to bury it in Donham-streot. Wo can see no inaonsisfPfoy in oithor Alderman Patorson's or Alder-. . man Ferguson's conduct. Mr. Putorson was porfoetly justified in "condemning" Donham-streot if ho con sidered tho time had not yet como when tho Corpora tion could n fiord to beautify only ; besidostho petition for tho Racecourse-road was entrusted to him to present, signed by a largo numbor of tlio most influential men in tho town, and fnrthor it was brought under the consideration of tho Council boforo tho metalling of Dcuham-etreot. Thoroioro, thoro could be no inconsistency, tho lnt.tor potition had no right to bo considered 'till the formor was disposed of, and if when that was settled in tho affirmativo, thoro was not sufficient money to justify , tho Corporation in enter taining tlio other, wiuit inconsistency could there bo, or what insult?"- Wo havo too much faith in tho good sonso of tho ratepayers who signed -tlio. Donham- streot memorial to supposo that thoy ooneiovo thoy havo been insulted, booausotlio Mayor and Corporation acted as thoy thought best for tho "convcniouoo of tho inhabitants and for tho gonoral bonofit.' of tlio town. Donham-streot could not bo properly . metalled i nder a cost of £800, whilo the improving tho road to tho racecourse will not necessitate an outlay of moro than £300. Uuncler the circumstances wo coucoivo tlio Corporation aetod exceedingly judiciously. _ Theatre Rotal.— Tho "Vagrant and his Wife," a two net drama of tlio sensational school, doponding entirely lor success upon action anil situation, was pro duced at the Theatre Royal on Tuesday night. Tlio interest ol the piece, which nan boast but of littlo plot, centres in two characters/which woro excellently sup ported by Mr. Douglas and Miss Stephenson." Tho Toy rant, .'Pierre Maillard (Mr. Douglas), whon lio mnkes his first appcnranco in a garb which would shinne tho purlieus of Bohemia, produces anything but a favorable iinprossiou ; ho looked like ono of thoso gentry, a nervous uian would extremely disliko to moet in a country lano, on a dark night. Ho certainly im proves upon ncquninlnnccs, and ovcnlunlly turns out a very deeont sort of a fellow. Bierre, in tlio hands of n bad actor, would bo inado nothing more of thnn a sentimonlat scamp, compelled to bo very virtuous all of a hurry, bocauso ho found that honesty was tho bost policy, nnd that, in order to onit nnd drink, lio must work. Mr. Douglas, howovcr, understood his mail, and brought him out in full forco. Ho oxhibited tho lights and shades of his character with phnrpnoss and abruptness, making us fool that thero had been uo gradual failing from comfort, plenty, and indepondonoe, to poverty and rccklossnoss ; tho stroke had boon sud den— consequently his actions and expressions woro undocidod nnd incoherent. 'His rough, irritable bear ing, threw into broader contrast the sudden gleams of affection, which occasionally broke forth when lio found his brutality struck hard upon tho heart of his Jong sufi'cring, yet loving wife. Soborcd by hearing that liis children were dying, for want of bread, and mnddenod at liis inability to procure it, ho lakes tho desperate resolution of winning gold, even if lie com mit murder to obtain it. With ono hand gripping a knife, which he conceals boiiind him, ho throws him self at the feet of M. de Channel (Mr. Chan (tier), and implores "money, money, money." It wns in this scono that _Mr. Douglas proved that ho hud the right stuff in him ; his passionnto oxclamations whon ho found himself possessed of gold, and' his fulling upon liis knees, thanking God that it had not been procured by murder, completely carried away lii9 audience, who appeared _ thoroughly to appreciate the exceedingly natural picture prosontod l o them. The after sconos wore ull vividly, yet carefully, colored, free from that exaggeration, which so inovitabiy destroys the effect intended to bo produced. Mis9 Clara Stophonson had a by no nipuns easy character to pourtray ; a starring mothor and starving children are not pleasing objects to look upon, oven on the stage, and it requires great niooty nnd art on tho part -of the actress, to create sympathy, without, at tlio samo timo, nwnkening u fooling of tho rediculous. But Miss Stophonson was porfoetly sucoossful, bocauso she war nnlural and did not oVer uct. .Sho wns exceedingly pnthnticsnnd ten der, and, whilo pleading for her children, she made us understand, that thoro was no feeling of-nngcr existing in her bosom ngainst hor husband. She wns womunly,aml being so, sho aFooted her hoarors ; sho know woll that tlio anguish of a mother, doos not expend itself in violonb and snatchy exclamations, and sho toned her voice down until, nt times, it was hardly lhoro than a whispered sob of sorrow. Once and only onco wa9 thoro an out burst of passion, and it was given vent to exactly whon nnd where it was wanted, aud therefore told well. There was no tearing of hair— no Tragody Quoon horoios — and whon fortuno oneo moro smiled upon her, joy quickonod in hor as naturally as did hor grief, and was oxpressud iu a maunor whioh showod that gratitude and a memory of tho past sobered down tho first flush of happiness. Mr. Chandler ns AT, de O/iauvel had littlo to do, but to look like a gentleman . aud to talk sentiment in a sensible, manly way, and ho succeeded admirably in both. Ho possesses a flue, though not strong voice, and knows how to inauuge it ; and if wo nro not mistaken, he can play well that vory diffioult character — a lino gontlemau. Mrs. Radolilf was a pretty Liselte, and was as usual perfectly ousy nnd unnfTooted ; while-Miss Evans, who lias wonder fully improved, did full justice to Maryuerite. Mr. Marriott mado as much as possiblo of M. le Maire, aud Mr. Flint aetod the part of Clement with groat care. Jules Coco was brought out into full blossom by Mr. JonBon, who is a oloyer actor, ovidoully enjoying the fun lio creates. BE sang " Alonzo tlio Bravo and tlio Fair Imogeno," in the interludo capitally, and brought forth an encore, wliiah was respondod to by " You shouldn't buy tripo on a Friday ; this was bo mueh relished thut nothing would do but a third song must bo sung," and J" Maggio May," was vory pret tily dolivercd. Tho afterpioco, "Nan the Good for Nothing," was woll sustained by Mibs Stophonson, Miss Evans, Messrs. Douglas, Marriott, and Flint. " Lady Audley's Secret" was produced last night to a vory iair house ; ub it will bo played again to-night, wo roservo our criticism until our Monday's issufe. The Wharves. — Tlio embankment mado by Mr. Barker, tho agent of tho A.S.N. Company, is nnsworing its purpose admirably, and is exceedingly Ounvcniont to cannon und otliors who hnvo business to trnnsaot at tho wliarvos which ui to a week or two sinoo were far too narrow to allow toiuns to approach within n respect- ablo distiinco of tho stoamors. Mr. Barker hud n numbor of small piles driven close together in . the river nbout 12 feet from tho bank, a kind of basket- work wns then mado and tho space between it and tho bank Hiccup with ashes and othor dry and substan tial debris. Tho plnn wns an oxcollent ono and has thoroughly answered requirements. Accident. — At tho sulo of tho plant belonging lo Messrs. Barry, Rourkc, and Munro, at Graooinerc, on Wednesday last, as Mr. W. J. Brown's cob and buggy woro standing outsido tlio offices, tho nng was suddenly startled by a mob of horses whioh woro being driven into tho puddook adjoining. Bricking up Ins oars ho dushod oil' nt full spoed into tho bush, and' in a few minutes tlio buggy was dushod to pieces ; a whool (lying in ono direction, an nxlotroo in anothor, and scats, cushions, and harness lying about in all direc tions. Whon tho eob was stopped, ho had got rid of avorything but a portion of his harness, unci a splinter or two ol tho shafts: tho horso was fortunately unhurt. The Sawyers Reef.— This roof which is at tho top of u hill on tlio Orocodilo, is getting riohor and wider as tho minors sink onit,' Tho loailor whon coramoneod was vory narrow, but, it lias now widened to upwards of fivo foot, with indications of extending. The gold is plentifully displayed, nnd is of '» rieh nuggctty ohnraator. Thoro is a rumour that an amalgamation will tako placo botweon tlior oof holders, l'ortho purposo of forming . a Joint Stock Company, in order to.purohnso a machine.' Wo hopo thut this will bo carried info cffiict. - - Railway Bland. — -There wns but a small attoiidanco (arising wo proBumo from tho snlo of tho produce ox Annie being Hold nt tlio samo timo) at tlio works of Mossrs. Barry, Rourlce, and Munro, on WndnoBday last, and tlio salo was postponod nnlil 1 o'clock, Saturday (this day), whon tlio wliolo of tlio remaining plant will bo put up. ; Wo hoar that a considorablo number of Olio tools, implements, &e.;, wore purelinsod privately, and that Mr. Allloek; on tho. part of tlio Govorninbnt was a buyer to some tuno. A Strange Case. Yesterday Miohaol Flanagan was brought before- his Worship, charged with having stolon a mporsehaum pipo, tlio property of James Cran, Oyster saloon keeper, Bolsovor-streot. Mr. Diok defended tho prisoner. Detoetivo Moonoy stated that from information ho had received relative to tlio loss of tho pipe, ho had trucod it to tho possession of a man limned Goorgo Johnson, who had purchased it on Saturday night last from Mr. II. Jonkins, tobacconist, who had taken it in oxehungo for anothor pipo from the prisonor. Mooiioy wont to tho residonco of Flana- gun's fathor on Thursday afternoon, and dosirod tho prisoner to aoeompany 'him to tho look-up ; whon thero, tho pipo was producod, and Moonoy said to him, " I hear that - ymi exchanged tjiis pipo for anothor at JcnkiiiB' the tobacconist, what account can you give of it?" Brisonor ropliod, " I found it outsido tlio shop of Tommy Cran, tho fishmonger." Upon this Mooney arrested Flanagan and locked him up. Jamos Cran stated that ho know tho prisonor, who was in tho habit of leaving milk nt Hib house. Ho (witnoss) had a meerschaum pipe, which ho valued at 13s. fid. Oil tho 20fh instant it was in his possession. About four o'clock on that day he was lying on liis bed with tlio pipo by liiB side ; there wore three persons with htm in tlio room, one of whom loft ; shortly after his leaving ho (Oriui) missed liis pipo, and suspcoting that tlio man who had go.no out hud stolon it, ho followed liiin, and seeing him go round by tho Queen's Holol, ho stood at his door waiting till ho camo round again. The. mon in tho room when ho was lying down wore two Chinamon, and another person whoso nanio lie (Cran) refused to give ; but, being told by liis Worship that ho must oithor toll the name or go to tho lock-up, ' ho stated, although vory unwillingly, that it was con stable D. White ; Hint it wns him ho had suspeolod of stealing tho pipo, nnd to whom he had roforrcd in his adrorlisoinont as being tho " individual known." In oross-oxaminntion it was elicited that Whito was close ,by Cran whou lie was lying down, and that tho former was telling a long story, to which' tho latter was pay- ins so much at tcntion that he forgot all about his pipo ' until Whito left the room. It was further elicited that Cran had not soon the prisonon nbout his houso that day, nnd that lio waB nob in tlio room whon Whito and tho Chinamen woro there. Mr. Jenkins proved that tho prisoner had exchanged a pipe whioh lie boliovod to bo meerschaum, and had afterwards sold it to a man named Johnson. Johnson ou his part said that ho had purchased tho pipo from Mr. Jonkins, and handed it afterwards to Constablo Moonoy. Mr. Dick argued thoro was no oaso whatovor, nnd that if ' the theft had been committed, the only p. rsou who could bo reasonably charged was Whito. liis Worship romniidod tho caso an til this (Saturday) morning, whon ho would havo Whito -in attendance. Bonnie Doon. — Wo hear with mueh pleasure that Mr. Joseph Puttiaon is likely to enter into arrange ments to erect a machine at Bonnie Doon. New Reef. — A now reef lias beeu oponcd at tho Crocodilo tlirco mile, by J. Oummings, just outsido tho prospectors' pegs on Campion's Reef. Tho stono somo of which lias lieqn crushed and returned payable gold, is about 3i feol; in thickness widening as tho sinking proceeds. Sovcral claims aro already taken up. Fifteen Mile Rush. — A gentleman who has just returned from tlio Fifteen Milo Rusii informs us that tlio diggings uro situated in a pocket somewhut similar to tho Crocodilo, und tho appearance of tho country is very auriferous. Tlio are about ono hundred people ou tho ground at present, most of whom aro satis fied with their findings, TIioho who wont lhoro a first did so without any means in tlioir poekot and without knowing whnt thoy had to oncountor, consequently many returned after having made but u very limited trial of tho ground. If tho country were properly prospoctod there is no doubt but thut gold would bo found in large quantities. Tlio adjacent ranges nnd ridges arc abundantly supplied with quartz, scvoral specimens of whioh wo havo seen, and look remarkably woll. There is a store on tlio ground plentifully sup plied with provisions, and thoso who are on tho ground aro beginning to make theinselvos ub comfortable us possiblo, erecting tents and huuipios, and settling down to work.' , VVind and Weather. — In most of the countries in whioh wo havo boon, we luivo found at tho telegraph offieos, amongst other information givon gratis to tho people, that a " wind and wenthor report" always oc cupied a prominent position. But without travellinc out of tho Australius wo find at Sydnoy, Molbourno, Adelaide, and Brisbane, and in fact at almost every station -out of Queensland, that tho weather report board is always full, and is regularly studied as that which eorituins tlio shipping intoliigeiieo, In Sydnoy tlio inhabitants are thoroughly acquainted with tho state of tho weather at and about tho neighborhood of tlio telegraph stations in Quconsland. If tlio informa tion ivero not worth having it would not bo givon, and wo think it would bo a boon to many parties in this town if tlio telcgrngh master could convouiontly, nnd without much trouble, givo us u report at least two or three days in tho wook. To those who aro interested in tho shifting and bringing down of cnttlo tho nows would ho very usoful, while to thoso who aro connected with tho various stations tlio state of the stock on whiuh eo much depends upon tlio weather, it would bo of ex treme value. We commond tlio subjocb to Mr. Long- loy's consideration. Rosewood. — These alluvial diggings have not made much show of late, the attention of miners having been principally directed towards our roofs. The popu- lation there consists chiefly of men who have wondered up from Maryborough, after having spent there all, and they consequently are not enabled to persecute their prospecting on an extensive scale. Men to do well on Rosewood, require to havo a pound or two in their pouches, as tlio ground is oxcoodingly unovon in quality, and a wook or two may pass away without a payablo find, whon Buddonly a -rich putoh is hit upon, and a haudsoino pilo mado. A teu ounco nugget was piokod lip last wook iq tlio oreek, and sovoral smaller ones liavo lately rewarded tho industry of tho pros pectors. Reefs aro boing opoiiod rapidly, and sovoral of thorn look of tho right sort ; one especially boars evidence of boing more than ordinarily rich, and several claims have boon takou up. A trial is about to bo mado of tlio quartz by hand-washing, and, as gold is found in fair quantities iu the easing, work will bo commenced with spirit, if tlio returns meet oxpoota- tians. Hector Machine. — This machine has just com pleted tho crushing of 200 tons of quartz from tlio iieetor reef, tho proporty of Mr. Alderman Jonos ; tho returns will not bo known until this morning. Tlio company hnvo accepted tho contract to cru-h <100 tons of stono from diffiiront roofs, and fresh applications aro boing roooivod ivory day . Night, and day work will bo commenced on Monduy, On Saturday next tho first- half-yearly meeting of the oompnriy will bo hold, when u second dividend will be declared. Jury Men in Australia! — Tlio publio will roooivo with, wo think, something tuoro than astonishment tho facts published in tlio Alaryborouyh Chronicle, and embodied in a memorial addressed to Jtidgo Inties, relating to the troatmont of jnry mon in the 19th contury, in a christian country, nnd under tho boasted rulo of British freedom and onlight- onmont. T lio address to liis Honor vory fairly complains of tho oxomplion of Govornuion't officers from serving ns jurymen, and goes on to say — " We have to attract, your Honor's attention to a few disgusting facts which wo, by our signatures, have certified to — that is, that when wo are looked up wo j aro treated worso than blaekfollotvs or tho prisoners wo are called upon to fry, inasmuch as wo aro deprived " of complying with tho calls of nature -that whon we go into tho juryrooin wo find it defiled with filth there is no convonioiico, therefore wo aro forced by : nature to do that whioh if a ooustublo saw us doing in n field, lie would apprehend ub on a ohnrgo'of gross indecency. Wo havo also to oomplain that whilo in tho jury box wo are not uilowud writing materiuls, and whon wo got into tlio. jurymen's retiring room wo liavo lioithor writing material, tablo, nor souts and if wo wish' to deliberate for an hour or so wo muBt submit to inhalo tho noxious effluvium arising from; the defiled floor, consequently compelling ub to arrivfl.ftj' 4 verdict according to the first law of nature — sClly' vHorvntiori. In reply to this and othor statements equally astound- ; ing,' his Honor was of opinion tho representations! , should havo bcon mado lo tlio judge of the Supremo Court. A.t Bowon he was obligod to hold his sittings in a slab hut,- only thrco times tho sizo .of tho dock, and this in the tropics. Thoro, thero was not room-'-..' onough for tboso having business in tho Court at criminal trials, to say - nothing of tho gonoral publio. : On ouo occasion ho had authorised tho outlay of about £6 in matters greatly conducing to tlio convonionco of all concerned, bub whon tlio vouchors ware sont down for liquidation, although £1290 had boon voted for tho purposes of the Court in tho shapo of contingencies mueh dolny took plaeo before tlio olaiins woro satisfied.-' - ' r i mli4o long representations to tlio Govornnpat of the utter want of anything liko adequate aoeo'mmo- datiun for tho holding of his Court in various placos,' but 110 attention had beon paid to thom. Oneo, receiv ing no answer or acknowledgment, ho wroto down again, Expressing a fear that his letter had misenrried, when lio was favored with a reply to tho effect that his com munication had beon referred to another department, sinoo which ho had -heard nothing about it. In con- soqueucc of such usugo ho did not choose to put him- - self in a position to mako undignified representations, and to bo treated witli contempt, and must loavo the matter— (handing back tho letter to Mr. Howard)— to tho superior Court t ideal with. All ho would undor- tako to do was to givo ordors that tho room should bo clean whon tho jury wont into it. Ho could not in terfere with tlie conduct of the jury. If tho bohaviour of somo of tlio jurymen was so outrogoous, it was most shocking. Surely thoy could restrain thoir wants till ultended tn. If not, bow would it bo if the persons, , actually in tho Court aetod in the samo manner if not ablo to go out at the oxact moment they wanted. - It was .not in his power to control legislation) nnd ho could not allow the jury greater liberties than the law entitled them to. Mr. Howard obsorvod that thoso who luid to put up with tho nnnoyanco ond insult of the others did not feel bound to submit to such con duct, and many knocks had boon givon at tho door nnd hud nob been attended to. His Honor said if there was to bo a recurrouco of such proceedings in the jUry room thoy luid better hold tlioir consultations in- i paddock in tho open air, rather thnn in s room on tlio premises." There can bo no greator censure upon tho conduct of tho Govornmont thun the foregoing . strictures ofhis Honor, and the country is indebted to him for liis bold exposure of tho imbcoilitv, or worae, : of some its members. . Botatoe Ground. — Ono of the greatest ornaments. ' to our town, is the piece of ground on that side of East-street adjoining Mr. Buddon's stores ;. decked with a few straggling woods, und protected by an ex ceedingly picturesque looking fence, it attracts the- attention and admiration of strangers, as much as tlio block of dosolnto buildings in- Blnckfriars Road, and mukus thom wonder why proporty should thus be use less in the very heart of the town. We quite agree- with Aldorinan Burnet that ovory city should have lungs, and that ovory opportunity should bo soizod to allow tho frosh air to blow round and about tho houses and to pioreo-into dirty cubby-boles, and out of tho way oornors — but this pioco of ground wo point at-, could bo used for uoblor. and better purposes than to grow rank weeds or a few potatoes for somo enterprising gurdoncr, who, wo presume, pays tho Corporation for the privilege ho enjoys. To whom- docs tho ground belong? If it is to some gentleman out at olbows, or out of tho country,, is there no mothod by which our Corporation could, walk in. and tuko possession? Who ever tlio limn may bo, wo think that somo steps should be taken by our authorities to turn a pioco of land- in tho- best part of tho town to a payable account,. and wo- . bring tho subject undor thc>r notices, in tho hopo that they will make a move in the matter. Maoicay.— Sugar growing at Mockay is beginning to assume a very promising appearance, fresh pianta - tion arc being laid. down, and ns much spirit io- being shewn in providing tho necessary maehinoiy, and in developing tlio woalfh of tho soil' thoro, as is'ibited, iu Rockhumpton by our population in opdiiilup tlio- reefs nnd in purchasing crushing machines. It is anticipated that from one plantation alone 400 tons of sugar will bo shipped this season. A largo quantity of ruin is also being mndc, the quality of which, ac cording to somo ol our bost judgos, is first-rate,. oven> superior to that of tho crack Jamacia samples. White- labor nt Muokny is very senreo, and the sugar fields-, are boing cultivated almost ontiruly by Kanakas, who- bueklo to their work well, nnd who while thoy thus. onublo small capitalists to commonco and carry opera tions, appear to bo thoroughly satisfied with, their lot. Wo hoar that tho crushing mill on tho Alexandra plantation will be ready to begin work in a fow days aud that the proprietors intend to givo a public ball to celobrate an event of so much importance- to tho- distriet. Dark Skins Again. — Accounts liavo reached us that the blacks havo turned out again on several of tho Stnl ions, adjacent to this town, and havo committed: many depredations. On tho Funning Stntion they boldly drovo tho black boys, who woro sliopherding sbuio sheep, back to tho station and tlion hunted tho sheep across tho rivor, Tho sheep, howovor; were- recovered. At Dotswood they speared a lot of cattle- that wero ready for tho markot. This was done during Mr. Costin's absence from tho station. So we are loci to supposo thoy must havo closely watched tho station. There aro great and justifiable complaints ' mado by tho Squatters in this district, of tho want- ot Bolieo Brotootion — und tho absurd proposition of somo- member in tho House, to establish white troopers; is> laughed at by these practical men, who know tho- habits of tlio aborigines so well. Just imagine- a white trooper in full chase of a blnekfollow, with the- cnino of murder on his brow ; naked, rushiqg through- scrub, and that without tho remotest chanco of catch ing tho dusky vilhain. Wo hopo that instead of reducing tho presont forco of black troopers, in this- district, tho presont force will bo - considerably augmented. — Cleveland Bay Express. _ Breservkd Meat. — By tho Bnnama moil informa tion haB beon received that the prosorvod meat in tins,, and tho spiced meat, shipped by the Yietoria Moat Preserving Company, had arrivod in perfect condition in London. Tho samo company's shipments to Japan wero also reported to liavo arrived thore in excellent ordor.— -Miner. 