POETRY. SONG.--SITTING BY THE FIRE. BY HENRY KENDALL, I. Ah! the solace in the sitting, Sitting by the fire, When the wind without is calling, And the four-fold clouds are falling, With the rainracks intermitting, Over slope and spire. Ah! the solace in the sitting, Sitting by the fire. II. Then and then a man may ponder, Sitting by the fire, Over fair far days and faces Shining in sweet-coloured places Ere the thunder broke asunder Life and dear desire. Thus and thus a man may ponder, Sitting by the fire. III. Waifs of song pursue, perplex me, Sitting by the fire; Just a note and lo! the change then; Like a child I turn and range then Till a shadow starts to vex me-- Passion's wasted pyre. So do songs pursue, perplex me, Sitting by the fire. IV. Night by night--the old, old story-- Sitting by the fire-- Night by night the dead leaves grieve me: Ah! the touch when youth shall leave me, Like my fathers, shrunken, hoary, With the years that tire. Night by night! that old, old story, Sitting by the fire. V. Sing for slumber, sister Clara, Sitting by the fire-- I could hide my head and sleep now, Far from those who laugh and weep now, Like a trammelled faint way-farer, 'Neath yon mountain spire: Sing for slumber, sister Clara, Sitting by the fire, VI. Ah! the solace in the sitting, Sitting by the fire, When the rainy Autumn cometh Where the ghost-wind roameth, roameth-- While the ruined woods are splitting In the thunder's ire. Ah! the solace in the sitting, Sitting by the fire. [The speaker urges the necessity for man to experi- ence an inner spiritual revelation before he can believe, and his incapacity to disbelieve when such revelation has once been vouchsafed:--] Lo, if some pen should write upon your rafter mene and mene in the folds of flame, think you could any memories thereafter wholly retrace the couplet as it came? Lo, if some strange intelligible thunder sang to the earth the secret of a star, scarce could ye catch, for terror and for wonder, shreds of the story that was pealed so far:-- Scarcely I catch the words of His revealing, hardly I hear Him, dimly understand, only the Power that is within me pealing lives on my lips and beckons to my hand. Whoso has felt the Spirit of the Highest cannot confound nor doubt Him nor deny: yea with one voice, o world, tho' thou deniest, stand thou on that side, for on this am I. Rather the earth shall doubt when her retrieving pours in the rain and rushes from the sod, rather than he for whom the great conceiving stirs in his soul to quicken into God. Ay, tho' thou then shouldst strike him from his glory blind and tormented, maddened and alone, even on the cross would he maintain his story, yes, and in hell would whisper, I have known. \--From "St. Paul's," by F. W. H. MYERS. 