ADELAIDE. (From our own Correspondent.-) October 20.1868. As I predicted, the ministerial scheme embraced agricultural areas and free selection within them, with conditions of occupation and cultivation, and a very moderate dose of deferred payments. This, I believe, to be the fatally weak point in the programme. It Is an offence to the party who valiantly oppose the least risk to vested interests, who arrogate to them selves a prescriptive right to determine upset prices, and fix as the standard a value approximating to that which their property has acquired. . On the other it is scornfdlly rejected by out and out deferred payment men as being a mockery of liberality. Intended ori ginally bs A substitution for the one month's .interval ^^etween the payment of the deposit and the balance, has gone too far. It has assumed the appearance of a sop to the advance guard, but it is an inch which they would willingly stretch into an ell. If the Ayers' ministry remain in, and writing as I am, before the debate on Strangways' motion, I am entirely in the dark on the subject, they will discover that they have steered their bark within the influence of a whirlpool, and that the chances are against their de liverance from it. I believe they would not object to retraee their steps now if they had the chance. But apart from the land question and its increasing complications, the Government have found time to make some progress with the Northern Territoiy muddle. They have ratified the arrangement of their short-lived predecessors, and the £1 Dorado of , mosquitos and alligators will soon welcome the South Australian Surveyor-General to its solitudes. Not plain Mr. Goyder, for he has stipulated that he shall go with' full official eclat to strike terror into the ghost of Pompey and his incarnate brethren, as well as to overawe the crocodiles. In these tropical realms his experience of defining rainfall will be, if report speaks truly, of the greatest benefit to him. He may even have to try his nand upon swamps and rivers, but he is sent out uith assured confidence in the' minds of every one that what man can do he will do. His price, barring extras, is £25,000, This includes £2,000 intended as a bonus to deserving officers and men, but it does not include £3,000 of a bonus to Mr. G. W. Goyder. It is rather a modest proposal that he should have £1,000 in excess of that allotted to the noble army of followers who with him is to share the burden and heat of the day. But it is not once or twice merely in the story of countries that the lion's share of the pHiS" money BdsTfalletT tO" the" captainV . Arid i-eally ~u he accomplishes, tiie great Undertaking and satisfactorily settles the Northern Territory difficulty he will be well worth His own estimate. It is understood/that the whole cost of the , Expedition will be some forty or fifty thousand pounds and this is to- be raised in the colony 9H security, of the consolidated revenue of South Australia,' with the unsold lands of the Territory as collateral secu rity. Tiie enterprise is likely to have a twofold interest for ybu. in the first plac!e it is curiently riiriioured that it will deprive you of your Colonial ' Surgeon. There have been no actual appointments made, but Dr. Peel is understood to have been in consultation with the Surveyor-General, and is c'on .fiden'tly told off shjougst His acqufliutrincds as tile Survey Slirgfeoiii Thfe sttopid itolstakes of 1864 tiie -iiOt to be rejiefited, for the leader is to have the right :of selecting his men. The second rumor that affects you is that the Drainage Works in the South-East are to be suspended until Mr. Goyder's return. This has not beenjabsolutely stated but it has been hinted at in the House, and as tiie operations there have been peculiarly under his charge, such a proceeding is not improbable. * Who among youis it that has heen libelling Mr. Ebenezer Ward ? He lhas been raised to the apex of moral indignation by a gross insinuation that he was willing to, accept the position of Clerk to the Local Court at Mount Gambier*_ What! Ebenezer Ward, Clerk, Accountant, and Postmaster of the Northern Territory, journalist of South Australia, aspiring candidate for Parliamentary honors, short hand writer for the Assembly during a long term of years, special correspondent from the South-East, author (of the past and of the future), orator, and land reformer, to sink to a Local Court Clerkship! Really, some respect ought to have been paid to his sensibilities. Surely he might have been spared such an indignity, and the humiliation of proclaiming on 'Change his innocence of the whole affair. Truly such a promotion would have been an anti-climax to his ambition. His repudiation, prompt and vigorous, must""be accepted by tiie Mount Gambierites. The wish to have-hira amongst them must have been father to the .suggestion, but no such happiness is in store for them. A new paper-the herald of land reform-the forerunner .of .colonial progress is the goal"bf Mr. Ward's aspirations. He has now entered upon a crusade against Wakefield, and all h's works, and East, North, South, West, ajid South-East too, I presume, are to witness the revival of literature, and with it of South Australian prosperity under the auspices of this, its illustrious son. A motion is wow down on the notice paper in favor of hearing him plead his cause and make know.n his grievances before j the bar of the Assembly, but untimely criseses are de laying the great event. I observe that some one In the North is disputing . the right of South-Eastern sheep farmers to be re garded as the pioneers of the hot water wash. Cer tainly Mr. B. Dowling, who has erected an apparatus on the Baldina Station near the Burra, has been in dustriously engaged for some time in endeavouring to stimulate the squatters to adopt some better method of preparing their wool for the market, and it is said that he has now several orders to execute. The age of greasy and dirty produce, it may fairly be hoped, is fast becoming a thing of the past. The gold diggings are fast settling down into esta blished fields of industry. At Jupiter the population has dwindled down to 300 or 500 men, but they are mostly men of experience and energy, who have been at work there for w« eks, and who have made gold enough to prosecute the search. One party of three last week netted over £22, and there are accounts of others who have been making handsome wages. The hill side now presents a honey-combed aspect, and all the likely places are receiving a thorough scrutiny. Barossa Is attracting the most people, but it is now becoming sadly harcf up for water. The yield of gold in the aggregate is very considerable, although scores of persons make a poor thing of it. The Govern ment have agreed to lay out £500 in ghing means for transporting the wash stuff to the South Para river. Quantities of Barossa gold are finding their way into town. This afternoon we got land scheme number seven from Mr. Strangways, wiili a special addendum for the South-East. For its ordinary purposes the auc tion room is to be kept open with "modifications for the terror of evildoers. Sections are to be surveyed in series and then put up in groups, the highest bidder to have the choice of the lot. The usual deposit of 20 per cent, is to be paid at the fall of the hammer, but when the remainder becomes due at the end of the month the purchaser is to have the option of paying cash as now or of allowing the 20 per cent, deposit to count as four years' interest on the purchase money. The latter would then stand over till the end of the four years, the interest averaging six per cent, per annum. Mr. Strangways does not believe in free selection as the Government propose it but he would not object to an experimental area in the South-East and another on Yorke's Peninsula. The land would be put up first at the highest estimated value of the best block on it and then be allowed to descend month by month. His speech occupicd two hours and was able, though not in his usual style. The debate was continued by Mr. Glyde, and now Mr. Hart is on his legs, rather oblivious of the fact that it is time for them all to be at their dinners. An adjournment is almost certain, but Strangways may wish to secure his list and force on a dh ision. 