BURIED ALIVE AND SHOT AS A GHOST. THE Cleveland PlaMealer tells the following 'strange incidents as having oomtrred in southern Ohio:— ? AN old gentleman, named Delos Winans, became frantically angry with his son because he had lost a large sum of his father's monfey on a bet. His freneied feelings soon got the better of him, and h<? felled his son to the floor with a blow of his fist, and immediately thereafter fell down in a senseless condition. G reat excitement in the family ensued. 1 The mother rah screaming fair assistance, which was soon forthcoming in the person of several of the neighbours. Mr. Winans was found in an apparently lifeless condition, with blood flowing from his nose and mouth. A subsequent examination by a physician led <to tho announcement by him that Mr. Winans had died from the bursting of a blood vessel. So evidently had the vital spark fled that' no effort at resuscitation was made, and ;i |ho remains were prepared for burial as promptly aa possible. The funeral of the deceaeed took»; plaoo on the following Wednesday. Mr/; Winans' body had only been coffined tho previous day, up to which time it had lain draped in a shroudan the parlour. Notwithstanding the wonderful life-lopk of the skin, and the colour of the face,.|t occurred to no one to suggest a postponement until 'death was absolutely dttaia. The funeral was largely attended, and everybody remarked the life-like appearance of the deceased. The remains were temporarily placed in one of the vaults of the cemetery, owing to tbc fact that a brick tomb commenced for their reception had not been completed. At ton o'clook, on" Thursday night, the village was thrown - into great excitement by the report that a ghost had been seen in the cemetery a short time before, and that the old lady who first saw it was frightened into a fit from which it was doubtful whether she would r -recover. ' Thinking that, probably,'the ghost was personated by some scoundrel, who played thetrick sevoral times before,a number of persons ' armod themselves with shot-guns, nud proceeding to the cemetery, commenced a cautious inspection—their hearts thumping in thleir bosoms in 6pite of their assumed bravado. They had not long to wait, for .there flitting among the tombs was a white object plainly to be* seen. With trembling hands tliby raised the guns and fired,when—strange fact for a ghost—they saw the wWte oreaturc fall between a couple of graves. Picking up courage they cautiously approached the object and turned a laotorn upon it. Their feelings can be better imagined than described, when thoy found that the ghost was tho lately deceased Mr. Winans. While a portion of the party picked up the bleeding aud senseless bo3y of tho* old gentleman, and started homeward with it, the remainder hastanod'to the vault. There they found Mr. Winan's coffin broken (Open, and laying upon the floor, and the coffin of a deceased .lady, th»t had been placed uponit, likewise thrown down froui the shelf, and standing on end, also pnrLly broken open, displaying its ghostly inmatv. The vault door, which was rathor a weak affair, had boon foroed open by the resurrected man. The party- then wont to Mr. Winan's house, and here they found that hie "wounds were not serious, and that ho-had recovered his senses. He had been carried to the cemetery in a trance. Early on Thursday evening, consciousness flashed upon his mind that he had been coffined alive. This lent additional strength to his struggle to get free, and he finally succeeded in bursting open tho coffin. GRACE BEFOEE MEAT: OK, THEOLOGY AND EDUCATION.—A Fable.—One winter's night, a poor boy, worn out with cold and hunger, lay senseless before a rich man's door: and the rich man seeing him, was moved with pity, and carried him into his bouse. In a little while tho warmth of the fire, which was blazing in the room where the boy was laid, i restored him to life, and feebly opening his* eyes and raising his head from thegrouud, in a faint, low voico he cried, " I have had nothing to cat these two days: give mo food, or I shall die." Bread and meat, aud wine, were placed before him; but as he strctchcd forth biB hand towards the food, tho rich man removed it from within-his reach, saying " Stop : before you oat jou must say graced" And he repeated a form of grace, which be ordered the boy to say after him. But another man who was present and who waB a Dissenter, interrupted him, and cried, "Your words are wicked, the hoy shall not utter them ; this is tho grace which he must pronounce"—and then he gave another form of grace, which he would have spoken. And when he had finished, a third man, who was a Catholic, more vehemently than the other two exclaimed, " You are both wrong; I cannot suffer the boy to sin by doing as cither of you would urge. This is what he ought to say"— and he repeated in a loud voioe a. third form of grace. . And then all three spoke together, each one insisting that he alow was right. And they became angry, and abused one another, and the altercation continued for more than an hour, for tbey could come to no arrangement. And as they wore still dobating and quarrelling, they heard a groan. Then suddenly they stopped talking, and turned towards the boy, and found that he was dead. Is there no'one on the Mantiiug who can supply the moral of this fable ? The Dtihbo Dispatch Bourko correspondent writes:—" The number of travellers now pas T sing up and down the Darling is 'something alarming; and as rations are next to impossible to obtain, even for money, the hardships suffered by the wayfarers are very great. Tlicro is little or no work going on; aud, as I have said before, men aro almost insane to wander this way in scarch of emplbyment. I ad visa them, ooce again, to remain in any sorvieo tbey may have, rather than fall upon tlio OOperl∈ ejsi0t<!tfcc cf an Arab (TO the march." 