ROMA. [PBOH A CJBUBSPONDENT.] The inhabitants of Rotua were agreeably sur prised on l'uursriay nud l'Vidayevemug, the 17th aud IHth iustaut, at the decided success of«he entertainment given by gentlemen amateurs, ou behalf of the Homa Hospital and Protestant Church ; and, before entering into details, allow me to assure you that you may travel through msuy wwu» m Australia aua not ana tine, situated su Car iu the interior, where penuns \ are more anxious and willing io encourage and j patronize eutertainnienu wblub. have iu. their object a charitable purpose. . - The eutertaiunieuts commenced. vita a *ery' laughable farce, eutitled, tbe 'fuevtiAiu. ' The characters were very ei«ditaMy penmated by the following geniieuietj :-Ooluutil Jaufc Delaware, by Mr. Simeon tjamaon, rayatliud - ? last Vuukee so moeesarally that it *bj tbe uusuiiiuoub opitii*i& ot tlM andiron Uiai^tt bad ... ' -4 previously a|.,^earei on the board* a* a prefix- « hiuntl; altlwugh, L wu creditably iufuttnad that tiiis is j'.ot the case. 'Griffin,' aft old riiibiiii wareh.iivie-uiiui by Mr. BL' 3. Oatell, was decidedly well received. ' BinoB.' a sleepy country lad, by Mr. Oieeve, one i-t tue Bault of ? New South Wales' staif, aud 1 may my— 1 trust without giving any offence to tluu. gentleman — that a more appropriate part, could uut have been allotted him. (Several songs aud aulu* on musical instruments appeared to increase the satisfaction of the audience, particularly a solo on the flute, by Mr. Adolph Fits berg, ?wti-- was loudly encored. After an interval of fifteen minutes, the performance concluded with the burlesque, entitled Bluebeard, which was brought on the stage far better than auy'outs expected. The dresses were good, and perfectly in accordance with tbe oriental style. fUue I beard was personated by Mr. Louis Samson, i and the character appeared to take- amazingly ; well. He was well supported by Dr. ALoran i as ' Fatima,' who had such a thorough concep. . tion of his part that Bluebeard was once or twice under the impression that he win* | really addressing one of the fair sex. 1- . fiegge, as ' Sister Ann,' called down' the applause of the house, and was diesbed to per fection. He was the greatest martyr among the amateurs, for he sacrificed a very elegant piofu - fciou of whiskers and moustache. I l-eliuve, however, he is now reconciled, as one or two ladies have informed him that the sacrftfee Im materially improved his appearance, Mr. Ball grove, as 'Mama,' assisted towards the suc cess of the play ; and Mr. Simeon Samson, as 'Cousin Sam,' that champion of the ladies, added great iclai to the conclusion of the bur lesque. The ghosts aud darkies must not be slighted, as, although they did not play, a very prominent part their appearance was very comical, und pleased the audience. Dr. Smith, as one of the Oriental slaves, was encored. The house was well crowded both evenings, and the pro ceeds handed over for the benefit of the hospital and church were much larger than were ever anticipated. 