A VALENTINE FOR ROSALINA. AIR: "Nora Creina." H.S.T. Tasmanian Paper. Toronto Globe. ON Laura's smile I once had hung, And drank the light that circled round it; While sweetness streaming from her tongue Out-poured its soul, till false I found it. Out-poured Then, O! through Rosalina's heart I glanced, and burning shone within it That lamp of love, whose coldest part Hath constancy or magic in it. Yes, my Rosalina dear — My tender, truthful Bosalina— Free from guile Is that pure smile You hoard for me, sweet Boßalina. Golconda's mine hath many a gem Encased in beds of glowing splendour, Whose every gleam, they say, round them Outsheds a lustre rich and tender. But, O ! the golden lights I prize— Whose lovely fires have chain'd and bound me— Outflash from Rosalina's eyes Like heaven itself all gleaming round me Yes, my Bosalina- dear— . My own bright, radiant Bosalina— Paradise Glassed in thine eyes Celestial shines, my Bosalina. As when the vernal, blushing rose Unfolds each perfumed petal—sleeping In urns where vestal dews repose Like stars through curtained glory peeping— So doth my Rosalina's soul Diffuse each lambent flame about it; Where love and truth commingled roll In one bright wave, too pure to doubt it. Yes, my Bosalina dear— * My gentle, graceful Bosalina— Bich the beam From that bright stream " Of love and l round Rosalina. Editobs.—Speaking of these mysterious per sonages, Captain Marryatt most truly says: " I know a periodical will wear down one's exist ence. In itself it appears notliißg; it is the continual attention it requires. Your life be comes, as it were, wrapped up in it. One pub lication is no sooner corrected and printed, than on comes another. It is the stone of Sisyphus, an endless repetition of toil and constant weight upon the intellect and spirits, demanding all your exertions, and compelling you to the severest drudgery. To write occasionally for a paper is very well, but to edit one is to condemn yourself to oppressive slavery."—To this might be added the task of pleasing everybody; never giving an unpleasant opinion; being able to answer whatever any of your correspondents might ask, whether it related to the possibility of an atmosphere to the moon, or how to restore decayed photographs. While an editor is every body's slave, nobody thinks he has anything to do, but to read their letters, and too often answer them at his own outlay of postage! Old England.—A writer, in speaking of England as it was two hundred years ago, re marks : —" Let us take the liberty of passing behind a screen which stands in front of a passage-way that leads to the kitchen. This, too, is a room of large dimensions; hams and flitches of bacon hung from the blackened ceiling. Here there is not only a fireplace, but a chimney that occupies a whole side of the room. Nor is Us capacity at all unsuited to the requirements. The culinary operations which go on here are not on the model of Mrs. Glasse or M. Soyer. There are no little stews or economical joints, or slight dishes for the appetites. A small animal, like a sheep, is put on the spit whole. An ox is cut into quarters, the carcasß having been laid out for that pur pose on the kitchen table. Our English ancestors had the reputation of being the the greatest eaters in existence; and there is abundant evidence that their powers in this re spect were not overstated. In the year 1466 there was a great feast held at York on the occasion of the installation of a new archbishop. The number of guests is not stated, but the bill of fare has been preserved. Amongst a great number of similar items it includes a hundred and four oxen, a thousand sheep, two thousand pigs, four thousand pigeons, five hundred stags, fifty-five hundred venison pasties, three hun dred hogsheads of ale, and twelve porpoises and seals. The porpoise was a favorite dish, whether roasted, stewed, or made into pies. It was still in use in the sixteenth century. It was generally called the sea-hog, and Henry the Eighth, as we might naturally expect to find, was particularly partial to it. Queen Elizabeth used to have it on fast days. Another and still choicer dainty was whale steaks. As there were no whale fisheries, leviathan in those days was not at all a shy animal.* He used to gambol about the mouth of the Thames, and sometimes had the ill- luck to get stranded, on which occasions the purveyors of the royal household and the caterers for the board of al ermen used to rush down to secure the best outs." A Qtjees People.—They are singular ano malies, those long tailed, pig-eyed Chinese. In some respects they are fovorable spe«imens of a high civilisation ; in others, they are down right idiots. Their remedial processes in oases of illness, and their post mortem ceremonies, are absurd to the last degree. When s Chinaman is ill, one of his friends goes to the temple of the God of Medicine, familiarly known as the " doctor," and having first tickled the idol's ears, to secure his attention, proceeds to rub that por tion of its bronze or wooden carcass corres ponding to the afflicted part of the invalid. He then puts up in a red paper some ashes taken from a censer burning before the image, and carries them to the sick perion's room, where they are worshipped daily until the latter re coveres or "joins his ancestors." As it is sup posed that his disease is caused by the enmity of some departed spirit, ten men are hired to become " security " for the patient. These ten bondsmen guarantee to the offended tenant of the land of shadows that the invalid shall do nothing further to offend him, in case he is per mitted to recover. If he dies, the " ten kings of hell" are respectfully informed of his disease, with a view of propitiating their infernal ma jesties. In fact, coaxing, weedling, bribing, and cheating the powers diabolical seem to be the principal objeGts of all "celestial" devotees. They have an eye to economy, too, in their ceremonies for the benefit of the dead. [Be lieving that the deceased may need funds and clothing in the other world, and that it will matter little in a future state whether his bank account is kept in redeemable money or " the queer," whether his garments are silk or shoddy, they sacrifice at this shrine forged paper and mock raiment. This is treating both the departed and the gods rather shabbily, but it saves expense, and is supposed to answer the desired end. The Chinese are so fond of trickery that they take infinite pleasure in " shaving " the ghosts of their friends, and all their deities and demons. Despite the disgust ing absurdities of Buddhism and Taoism—the two principal religious creeds of the Chinese— we must not call them barbarians. They had printed literature when our progenitors roamed the wilderness clothed in the skins of beasts, and are said to have made gunpowder before the age of iron had commenced in Europe. But they are not a progressive people. Just what they were three thousand years ago they would probably have been at this time, it' we go ahead Christians had not broken forcibly into their sealed up empire and taughtKhem a thing or two. The " Gentleman."—Kiches and rank have no necessary connection with genuine gentle manly qualities. The poor man may be a true gentleman, in spirit and in daily life. He may be honest, truthful, upright, polite, temperate, courageous, self-respecting, and self-helping, and that is to be a true gentleman. The poor man with a rich spirit is in all ways superior to the rich man with a poor spirit. To borrow St. Paul's words, the former is as " having nothing, yet possesing all things;" while the other, though possessing all things, has nothing. The first hopes everything, and fears nothing; the last hopes nothing, and fears everything. Only the poor in spirit are really poor. For the man who is rich in spirit the world is, as it were, held in trust; and in freedom from the grosser cares, he alone is entitled to be called the " true gentleman." The man who has even lost all, but still retains courage, cheerfulness, hope, in dustry, and virtue, is still rich. Though he may say, as Francis I. did to his mother, after the battle of Pavia, " All is lost but honor," he need not be dismayed. His motto may still be " Excelsior," in the face of whatever difficulties may stand in his way:— To thine own self be true, And it must follow m the night the day, Thoucans't not then be false to any man. Occasionally, nay, often, you find the true gentleman concealed under the humblest garb. Here is an old instance, but a beautiful one:— Once upon a time, when the Adige suddenly overflowed its banks, the bridge of Verona was carried away with the exception of the centre arch, on which stood a house, whose inhabitants supplicated help from the windows, while the foundations were visibly giving way. " I will give a hundred French louis," said the Count Spolverini, who stood by, "to any person who will venture to deliver these unfortunate people." A young peasant came forth from the crowd, seized a boat, and pushed into the stream. He gained the pier, received the whole family into the boat, and made for the shore, where he landed them in safety. " Here is your money, my brave young fellow," said the Count. " No," was the answer of the young man ; "I do not sell my life. Give the money to this poor family, who have need of it." Here, indeed, spoke out the true spirit of the " gentleman," though he was in the garb of but a humble peasant! Soda Wateb in Bottles.—Dissolve one ounce of carbonate of soda in one gallon of water; put it into bottles, in the quantity of a tumblerful or half a pint to each; having Ja cork ready, drop into each bottle half a drachm of tartaric or citric acid in crystals, cork and wire it immediately, and it will be ready for use at any time. Bottled Lemonade.—Dissolve half a pound of loaf sugar in one quart of water, and boil it over a slow fire; two drachms of acetic acid; four ounce 3 of tartaric acid; when cold, add two- pennyworth of essence of lemon. Put one-sixth of the above into each bottle filleddvnth water, and add thirty grains of carbona^ of ; cork it immediately, and i will bsfit for use. 