ftMkaa Cimei WlLLA-RGO: WEDNESDAY, MARCH 4. The meeting at the Commercial Hotel on Monday evening must have been highly Satisfactory to Mr Coglin and his supporters. There was little or no opposition manifested. Mr Coglin's explanation of the action he took in the House withregard to the immigration question was satisfactorily received, and the sentiments he expounded on the more prominent political mattiers of the day. highly applauded. On the land question he is in fav6r of a liberal scheme of some kind; something approximating in its principles to the Victorian land bill, buthehadnot come with a land scheme cut and. dried to lay before the meeting. Xjand he ^thought, should be classified into first, second and third qualities, or agricultural, pastoral and scrub lands. The first he valued at £1 an acre, the second at 10s, and the third at 5s; and he was also in favor of deferred payments. Sutherland's Act he "would abolish. He was an enemy . to protection, "but would foster native industries by awarding^ bonuses. Alluding to the depression-at present existing at "Wallaroo, and the question as to who it could be alleviated, be boldly took the j bull by the horns by advocating the imposition Of ?an export duty upon copper ore;' in order that the mining proprietors might feel it less profitable to smelt their OFes in Newcastle'and. elsewhere, than it would be to smelt them in Wallaroo. On the su^ect of th'e Glare and Wallaroo Tramway Mr Coglin's views, however satisfactory they may have been to the meeting on Monday night, will be very far from-satisfactory to the-electors in general of the Peninsula. He said if it could be proved to him that the projected, railway would be a reproductive work, he would Vote for it, not Otherwise. N We should like to know what Sort of proof Mr Ooglin requires? It was shown by the evidence given before the Select Committee appointed to cpllect information . relating to the scheme, thatthere was every prospect that the line would pay a handsome percentage on the capital $xpended . in its construction, and with this evidence before him we, think that he cannot doubts as to its probable reproductiveneBB, and therefore we say that ®is ainstrer on this matter to eWtforS with gpieral &ss;^tisfactidn^ Evfeii supposing the liiie w^iiid not bfe jikely %o return U profit for; a f fear dr two,dltt, we contend, would not justify Mr Coglin in opposing the scheme. It would be superfious to refer to the well-Known facts that a r&ilroad; through a line of good country: is a creator of traffic, that poplilatkm is drawn to its neighborhood as to the:.banks of. a river,, and that many successful lines in America have preceded the settlement of the country through which they pass. That ' similar results would-follow the establishment of a line between.Wallaroo and Glare there can be no doubt whatever, and we feel assured that Mr Coglin as an enlightened politician, eannot upon due reflection refuse to withhold his support to the project ih question. However objectionable it may be on the part of a candidate to give indiscrimate pledges to his constituency, we think that by far the largest majority of the electors of the Peninsula will decline to . vote for any candidate who will not unreservedly give a pledge to support a bill for the construction of the. Wallaroo and Clare railway. , Mr Coglin addressed the electors of Moonta last evening, with a highly successful result. A resolution was unanimously carried approving of Mr Coglin as a fit and proper person to represent the Peninsula. An electoral meeting will be held this evening,, at Kadina, at which! the three candidates for the Peninsula—Messrs Bower, Coglin. and Hill—are expected to be present. Mr P. B. Coglin addressed a numerous body of electors at the Commercial Hotel, on Monday evening last. Mr C. Whitford presided. Mr Coglin's address was received with marks of approbation, and s-fter a few questions had been asked and answered, a proposition approving of Mr Coglin as a fit and proper person to represent the Peninsula was carried almost unanimously. » Despite the bad times, Parson Malthus, and the hot weather, no less than four weddings took place ih Wallaroo last Saturday. A frightful example j of the consequences of such infatuated proceedings occurred in the township a day or two previously — a woman having brought into the. world three children at one birth. We beg to refer our readers to the advertisement iai another column announcing the postponement of the Bev. €h W. PatcheU's lecture on the [ " Earth's perpetual existence and-future glory." ! The Panama mail brings intelligence of fresh Fenian outrages, and schemes of a cowardly and diabolical nature. . A plot was laid for burning the Channel Fleet, but how this was to be carried ' out does not appear. An attempt to blow up the Dublin post-office.bad failed. Letters containing explosive materials had been addressed to various officials, and this murderous artifice also failed of its intended effect except in the case of a policeman who had received serious injuries. A number of documents had been seized at the Fenian's head quarters at Paris, showing that a conspiracy was in course of hatching against England. The particulars of these outrages will be looked for with much interest. A brutal assault was committed on Saturday night b/ a man named Evan Hughes upon a woman named Ann Edwards.. She was sitting outside-her house when Hughes came up and struck her savagely in the face, took hold of her hair, and heather head against the ground, and jumped on her. . On the following day she laid an information against" Hughes,-and her face bearing evident marks of the brutal treatment she had received, the magistrate issued a warrant for Hughes'apprehension. He was brought before the Court yesterday, and remanded till neit Monday. The past two or three days have been charactarized by intensely hot weather. Sunday was reckoned to be the hottest day wc have had for the season. . The gmoke of several bush fires was yesterday observed to fee eastward of the township. . . A meeting was held at the Commercial Hotel on Monday evening last to make arrangements for the getting up of races to :be held during ^the Easter holidays. There was a considerable number of sporting gentlemen and others present. Mr P. B. Coglin was unanimously elected chairman, The subject before the meeting underwent f . an annimated^discussion, and various regulations were framed and adopted. Mr^Et.^35. tiieuge was appointed honary secretai^/and^|f H. iftankervis treasurer. The follo^ypg gentlemen were elected a 0Onim jttfee—-Me£srsFerguson,; G., Wiiliafeg,; J.Hartigan, Beagldhble,X Curtis, B>. Haddj^; P&rhell; anfl ohe or Ip others. A sabseription-l^t wasbpefned iii the rO&m;, and in a few tainnt$s £17 was collected, Mi Coglin heading the list with £5 5b. A vote of thanks to the Chairman coneluded the proceedings. It is reported'that the only Australian xaaga^ifife, "th'e €toto%Krr Monthly has changed hands; aiidifrall be brought out next monthinan enlarged form and .under new ^ditorslup. It will be—bo say the gossips—as big as ihe CdnUnwrdri/ Review, and will contain two iUustratioWin each number. If this be correct it Will centainly deserve success, and will probably get it. There is no reason why a really good monthly should not pay in the colonies. For the last few wfeeksthe Railway Company have been missing variouB art.icles from their new store near the jetty. One day they would find a case of spirits wanting, a day or two'afterwards a bag of flour would be lost, then a case of hams, or a box of tea would be found to have disappeared. How, or by whom the things were taken, remained f6r some time a mystery. The strictest surveillance was exercised in the daytime; the doors of the store were securely fastened during the night. Suspicions were engendered with regard to the workmen and others frequent-: ing the store, and the desirableness of putting a stop to so unpleasant a state of things became every day more pressing. At length it was resolved that a watch- should be kept by night. The first night chosen was that of Friday last. Two constables were stationed outside the store, whilst Messrs Woodroffe and Bristowe undertook to be upon the alert inside* Midnight passed without anything transpiring to excite the suspicion of the watchers, and the police thinking there was no prospect of a capture that night went home. The two inside the store determined to wait a little longer. About one o'clock they heard a peculiar noise as of something crawling along the ground, and presently they became aware of the presence of a third party in the store.. The interloper struck a match and lit a candle, and walking cautiously along approached the place where Messrs Woodroffe. and Bristowe were lying. They now observed that he who carried the candle was a lad sained Orasby, who had frequently been seen on the jetty fishing, or idling away his time, and whose father professed to be a shoemaker, but who was very seldom at his work. The lad, creeping along with the' candle, and peering about in search apparently of something he would like, came so close upoiS Messrs Woodroffe and Bristowe, that they were ; ! obliged to discover themselves, and were then prevented from carrying out the designs which they hiad formed of first allowing the thief to take something or other, and then to seize him I in the act. Seizing the lad—who appeared as if he had seen a legion of ghosts, they questioned him as to how he had obtained, an entrance. He pointed to one of the sides of the store, and upon going to the spot indicated they found that the lad had effected an entrance through a hole which had been burrowed i& the earth under the wall, and was of so small dimensions as almost to warrant the conjecture thathemust have stretched himself like a leedh to get through it. Whilst looking at the hole they hieard somebody on the outside ask sotto voce—" All right Frank ?" but Frank being all 'wrong did not reply. Mr Woodroffe hastily opening one of the doors rushed outside and gave chasie to the querist, whom after a short run he caught behind st blacksmith's shed hard'by, and found him to be Ormsby senior. As there were no grounds, however, for detaining him at that time, Mr Woodroffe let him go again,1 and returning to. the 'Store he and Mr Bristowe took the lad to the Police-Station. The modus operandi of the abstraction of the goods was afterwards mqjde manifest. The lad having crawled through the hple into the store must ! have taken down the transverse bar by which one of the doors was fastened, and must thus have procured the means of egress for the stolen goods.. The police a few hours afterwards went with a search warrant to Ormsby's house, and found an empty gin case, a bag of flour, and -a- jmmber of empty brandy and gin' bottles. The goods which had been taken from the Btore are as follows:—2 cases gin, 3 do brandy, a bag of hams, 1 do onions, 1 do flour, 1 box tea, 1 do candles, and 1 do mead oil. The-big of flour Was one that head been sent from Port Adelaide for the Koh-i- noor, and two empty gin cases war identified as having been charged to Mr Nankervis. The elder Ornsby was taken into custody, and both. ;he and "his son were brought; before the Stipendary Magistrate on Saturday morning ; the former charged with having in his posseseion ^godds for which lie was unable «to : ; account : '$&'' ■/' commits feldhy.. On^|the.apfplica^on of Trooper1 Sferutton t^iey Were^remKHdecl 4all ftffiJollowing Tu^fey, T^bn ©rm8%^, the «ideiy was committed for trial to the inertCourt of Juris&ctioii;, 6ndthe lad sentenced to a mOntJi'a imprisonment. ,a\ . 