THE LATE MISS HOLLINGFORD. ( Continued from our last J CHATTER. IV. The winter deepened. Christmas was drawine near, and_workmen were busy setting the old hall to rights Tor the reception of Mr Mill and his" family. John had been requested to oversee the arrangements, for the place had been unoccu pied for years, and there were many alterations to be made, and much new furnishing to be done. The housekeeper, who had quietly dozed away half her life in two rooms in a corner of the house, now bestirred herself joyfully to open shutters, kindle fires, see to the sweeping and scrubbing, keep her eye upon painters and charwomen, and make ready store of pickles and preserves for the adornment of her pantry shelves. This good woman was an old acquaintance of our two girls, their long walks often leading them across the moor, and through the grounds to the ball. Mrs Beatty, from her lonely window, bad espied their approach, and many a winter day had she dosed them with sweets by her fireside, while she dried their wc-t wrappings, and told them stories of the pictures in the dining- room. Later, they had discovered the library, a sunny room at the south side of the house, stored with an excellent collection of books, and had gone there to read when it pleased them. I, in my capacity of governess, encouraged them in this habit, and at least once a week we had a " reading day," as we called it. Mrs Beatty knew our day, and had coffee and a blazing fire awaiting us. And here we had a delicious time of study, with our books in our laps, perched on the steps of the little ladder, or buried deep in the recesses of the deep leathern chairs. Now, however, the luxury of our quiet days wa3 interfered with. "Workmen hammered about our ears, and an impertinent odour of paint annoyed us. Wo turned our reading days into days of general inspection, and amused ourselves with watching how the dingy corners threw off their cobweb3 one after another, and came forth into the light with clean and brilliant faces. It was pleasant to know, that I was useful to John in those days, for his mother did not interfere in this affair, and he needed a woman's taste to Kelp him. It was I who selected the colours for Kirs Hill's drawing-room carpet, I who chose the silk hangings for Miss Leonard's boudoir, I who rearranged in the cabinets the curiosities about which no one but a stray mouse or two had been curious for many years. I knew well that I did nothing but what any other person could do, yet it pleased mo to see how John overrated my services. It pleased me to hear him describe to his mother my " exquisite taste and skill ;" but it pained me to see her anxious look from him to me. I knew she feared that he was getting to liko me too wc-11 ; sometimes with a mixture of fear and joy I thought it myself. I guessed that his mother would rather keep her son by her side unwed — perhaps that he could not afford to marry. I often longed to slip my hand in her?, and say, " Be not afraid. I am true ;" but I could only look straight in her eyes and be silent. And this thought, perhaps because I might not speak it out and have done with it, remained witli me, and preyed upon my mind. About this time I began to be awake at nights, planning how I might show Mrs Holling- ford that I had no wish to thrust myself between her and her son. And so it came that there arose a strangeness between John and mo. I did not wish it to be so, but it happened naturally as a consequence of all my thinking and planning. It grew up in the midst of our pleasant work at tho hall, and it was troublesome, for it took the joyous adorn ment off everything, made handsome things ugly, and comfortable things dreary. It made the snowy landscape lonely, and the red sfin angry. It made. me cold and disobliging, the girls dull, and John proud and reserved. Jane spoke of it to me ; she said : " What is the matter between you and John ? You nsed to bo such gnod friends. Now you hurry downstairs in the evenings, though you know he likes our chat round tho school-room fire, .. And when wo go to the hall you start early for the purpose of walking home without him." " Don't be foolish, Jane," I said, "John and I are just as good friends as ever. But you must not suppose he always cares for our women's clatter. Wo muse give mm a imie rest sometimes. Jane wqs silenced, but not satisfied. She thought I was beginning to look down on her brother. Tho proud loving heart would not brook this, and she, too, estranged herself from me. The girl was very dear to me, and it was a trial. Thus a division grew up amongst U3. It was in the bright frosty days before Christmas, when the fields and dales were wrapped in snow, when the logs burned merrily, and the crickets sang, when fairyland was painted on every win dow-pane, when our superintendence at the hall was over, when all things there had been placed in readiness, even to the lighting of the fires in the bed-charubers. We bad left Mrs Beatty in possession of her domain, and in daily .expecta- tion of an announcement of the intended arrival : of her master and mistress. Things were in this way when one day a carriage dashed up to the \- farm house door, and out stepped Grace Tyrrell and her brother Frederick. Jane shrank into a corner when I asked her to accompany me down stairs, murmuring some thing I would not hear about my " fine friends." But Mopsie smoothed her curly locks, and put on her best apron, and slipped her hand in mine as I went down to tho parlour. Grace was im patiently tripping about the room making faces at the bare walls, and laughing at the old fashion ed furniture. She was clothed in velvet and fur, with feathers nodding from her hat. She put up her hands on my shoulders, and eyed me all over critically. " Pray, little quakeress," said she, " can you tell me what has become ol my friend Margery ? " " Yes," said I, laughing, " I actually happen to have her about me. What do you want with her ? " " Chly to ask her what sin she has committed that she shuts herself from the world, starves herself to skin and bone, and dreBses herself in sack-cloth ?" she replied, touching my dress, and trying its texture between her finger and thumb. " We do not starve here," put in Mopsie, stoutly. " And who are you, little miss ? " said Grace, U9ing a gold-rimmed eye-glass, which nearly annihilated poor Mopsie. " No matter," said the little ono, scarlet and trem bling. " We are Margery's friends, and we love her dearly." Grace laughed at the child's ardour, as if it were something very funny and original ; but Mopsie, never flinching, held my hand all tho time. " And what about the ploughman, dear ? " Grace went on ; " would it bo possible to get a sight of him ? Yes, do go " (to Mopsie) " like a useful little girl, and see about getting us some luncb. We are staying in the country at present, Margery, and when you return to London we intend to take you with us." Mopsie's eyes dilated dangerously, but she retreated to the door at a whisper from me. " Frederick," said Grace, " come "and help me to persuade Margery." And Mopsie vanished. I said something about Frederick. Tyrrell before, but I can hardly describe how exces sively slim, and elegant, and effeminate he looked to mo that day in particular. IIi3 dress and his manners amused me very much. While staying with the Tyrrells one of my chief occu pations had been making fun of this young man, a fact of which I believe he was blissfully un conscious. Perhaps experience had made him incredulous as to the indifference any young lady might feel to his special favour ; or it might have been conceit ; I wiil not pretend to decide wliicji. But when he drew near me. murmuring (shall I say lisping!), "Oh, do come ; pray take pity on us — we have missed you so dreadfully," I am sure he thought he did enough to make any reasonable young woman desire to leave Hillsbro' on the instant. But I did not want to leave Hillsbro'. I (elt a pang of keen pain at the very suggestion, yet at tho same moment an idea camo into my mind that it might be a good thing that I should leave it for a time. I hesitated, asked Grace when she intended returning to London, and, while we were parleying about the matter, Mopsie returned. During the remainder of tho visit the little girl listened earnestly to every thing we said on the subject, and when I parted from ray fiiend3 at the gate, leaving it undecided whether I should go with them to London or not, Mopsie burst into tears and clung to my neck. " Do not go with them," she said ; " they cannot love you as we do." ' Mopsie, my pet," I said. " don't be a little goose. Neither do I love them as I love you. If I go away for a time I will be sure to come back." Mopsie whispered her fears to Jane, and all that evening Jane kept aloof from me. My head ached witli trying to think of what I ought to do, and I sat alono by the schoolroom hearth in the firelight considering my difficulties, fighting against my wishes, and endeavouring in vain to convince myself that I had no wishes at all. Mopsie came in and lay down at my feet, with her face rolled up in my gown ; and so busy was I that I didinot know she was cryiDg. John came in and found her out. He took her on his knee and stroked her as if she had been a kitten. Mopsie would not be com forted. I felt guilty, and said nothing. John looked from ber to me, wondering. At last Mopsie's new3 camo out. " Margery's grand London friends have been here, and they want to take her away." " What grand London friends?" asked John, looking at me, but talk ing to her. " Ob, Mr and Miss Tyrrell, a pretty lady with long feathers and ringlets, and flounces on her dress, and a handsome gentle man who said they had missed Margery dread fully. And Margery is thinking of going back to them." John suddenly stopped stroking her, and sat quite still. I felt him looking at rao earnestly, and at last . I had to look up, which I did smiling, and saying, " I did not know Mopsie cared so much about me." Then John kissed the little girl, and said, " Go .down-stairs to Jane, dear. I have something particular to say to Margery." I was completely taken by surprise. He closed the door upon Mopsie, and came back and reseated himself at tho fire. He sat on one side of the fireplace, and I at the other, and the flames danced between us. He shaded his face with his hand and looked across at mo ; and I watched intently a great tree falling in tho depths of a burning forest among the embers. " Is this true, Margery," said John, " that you are going to leave us, and to return to London ?" " I am thinking of it," I said, pleasantly. " I thought — I had hoped you were happy with us," he said. " Yes," I said, " I have been very happy, but I think I want a little change." How my heart ached with the effort of uttering that untruth ! I knew that I wanted no change. " I do not wonder at it," he said, after a pause. " We have made a slave of you. You are tired of it, and you are going away." He said this bitterly and sorrowfully, shading his eyes still more with his hand. " No, no," I said, " you must not say that. I never was so. happy in my life as I have been here." I spoke more eagerly than I meant to do, and my voice broke a little in spite of mo. John lett nis seat anu oent clown uesulo me, so tunc lie could see my face, which could not escape him. " Margery," said lie, " I have seen that you have made yourself iiappy, and I have been sometimes wild enough to hope that you would be content to spend your life amongst us. When yon first enme I feared to love you too well, but your sweet ways have been too much for me. It may be ungenerous in me to speak, seeing that I have only to offer you a truo love, truer maybe than you will meet in the gay world, a tarnished name, and a very bumble homo. I have debts to pay, and a soil to wash off my name ; but still, Mar gery, will you bo my wife ? With your love nothing will be dark or difficult to me." It was very hard. My lieart was brimming over with a joyoua reply to this appeal ; hut Mrs Hollingford's uneasy face was vividly before my eyes all the time, and I could only say distress- edly, " It cannot be, John. It cannot, cannot be." " Why ?" he asked, almost sternly, and ho rose up and stood before me. " Tell me that you cannot love mo — tell me that you would rather save yourself for more honour, more pro sperity, and I will never trouble yon again. Were I differently circumstanced I might plead, but I could not live to see you discontented, ashamed. Why can it not be, Margery ?" I clasped my hands in my lap, and tried to speak firmly. " For a reason that I cannot give to you, John. Let us be good friends." " Friends !" he echoed, bitterly. " Well ! I was wrong to think of ray own happiness before your worldly advantage. Good-bye, Margery. , I am goiDg to London in the morning. Perhaps you may be gone before I come back." And with this he abruptly walked out of the room. But afterwards I sat there an hour, won dering if what had passed so quickly were true, and I had really refused to be John Hollingford's wife. After tea he left us early, saying lie must start for Hillsbro' at four in the morning. Mopsie fell asleep, and Jane absorbed herBelf in her books. Mrs Ilollingford and I held some em broidery in our bands, but my fingers trembled so that the stitches went all wrong. Now and again, glancing up, I encountered long troubled looks from Mrs Hollingsford. She bad seen that something was amiss between me and John, and I guessed that her mind was at work with fears. I could not bear it ; I thought it was not fail? after what I had done. For the first and last time I felt angry and impatient with the dear old lady. Would she herself, in her own young days, have sacrificed as much ? Jane shut up her book at last, and' carried Mopsie off with her to bed, and Mrs Ilollingford and I were left sitting facing each other. " Mrs Ilol lingford," I said, dropping my work with almost a sob, " don't look at me like that. I cannot bear it, and I do not deserve it." What made mo say it I cannot think. Tho moment before I spoke I had no intention of speaking. Mrs Hollingford dropped h< r work in dismay. " My love," she said, " what do you mean ? I do not understand. What do my looks say that you cannot bear ?" " Oh, Mrs Ilolling ford," I said, covering my burning cheeks with my hands, " you look at me, and look at me, and I see what is in your mind. How can I help it?" " My dear," said she, " i9 it anything about John?" " Yes," said I, desperately, " it is about John. You think I want to take him from you. and I do not, and I never will, and I have told him so. I am going away to London with my friends the Tyrrells, and I will never trouble you any more." I was rather blind by this time, and I was not sure of what part of the room I was in ; but Mrs Ilollingford had come to my side, and, she put her arms round about me nnd fondled my head on -her breast. " My dear," said she, " and is this the secret that has made the trouble be tween us? I never thought you wanted to take him from me ; on the contrary, I feared that you might be too young to understand his worth. I dreaded sorrow and suffering for my son, nothing else." My face was hidden in her motherly embrace. I could not speak for some moments, and I thought my heart had stopped beating. At last I whispered : " Oh, Mrs Ilollingford, I have made a great mistake. Can it be that you really " " Will have you for a daughter ?" she asked smiling. " Gladly, thankfully, my darling, if it be for your happiness. But you must not dpcide hastily ; there are great disad vantages which you must consider, and I, as your guardian and friend, must point them out to you. I must forget my son's interests in the faithful discharge of my trust. John has a cloud upon his name." " Don't, don't !" I said, " if ho had a hundred clouds upon his name it ;yvould be all the same to me." " Then you love him well?" she said, tenderly, sighing and smiling at tho same time. " I think I do," I said ; " but that is only a misfortune, for you know I have refused him." " Well," she said, cheer fully, " perhaps it is for the best. You must go to London with your friends, and test your feeling by absence and the society of others. If you remain unattrneted by those ' who are better placed in the world, I think John will try again, in spite of his pride. I know I should in his place." she said, lifting up my dis turbed face, and looking in it with a half quizzi cal fondness. I answered by throwing my arms round her neck in a long tearful embrace, and after thnt we sat long by the fireside talking the matter over. The consequence was, oddly enough, that I went upstairs to bed feeling so extremely sober that, beforo I laid my head upon my pillow, I had begun to doubt whether I cared for John Ilollingford at all. It was not that I shrank from what his mother had called the "sacrifices" I should make in becoming his wife. I never even thought of them. I had found too much happiness at Hillsbro'- Farm to be able to realise their existence. But I had a superstition that I should feel very joyfully excit- ved-at-all I had learned that evening; first, that John really loved me, and secondly, that his mother was ready to take me to her heart. Yet I only felt sobered to the last degree, and exceed ingly afraid of seeing John again. I heard him driving away from the door before daybreak, and I found myself hoping that he might not come . back for a week. The next day I found myself in the same mood. I felt so grave and quiet that I made up my mind that I could not have that wonderful love for John which I believed to bo tho duty of a wife. I thought I had better write to Grace, and nrrunge about going with her to London. Then I grew miserable at the thought of leaving the farm, and I wished I had never seen it. For three days I tormented myself thus, and then there came a shock which brought me cruelly to my senses. On the fourth day after John had left us, I was walking up and down the frosty avenue just as the evening was coming on. The sun was setting redly 'behind the brown wood, and blush ing over the whitened fields and hedgerows. A man camo up the avenue and pulled off his hat as ho approached me. I recognised in him an Irish labourer whom I had seen working in the gardens at the hall. " Beg pardon, miss I said he, " but bo ynu Miss Margery Dacre ?" "Yes, Pat," said I. " This is a fine evening, is it not ? What do you want with me ?" " Oh then, a fino evenin' it is; glory be to God!", said Pat; "but all the same, Mrs Beatty is mortial anxious for you to step over to the hall the soonest minute ye can, as she has sometliin' very sarious to say to ye." " Step over to the hall ?" I exclaimed. " Do you know what o'clock it is, Pat ?" " Oh yis, miss !" said Pat ; " it's three o'clock, an' the sun low, but niver fear ; I'll walk behind ye ivery step o' the way, and if as much as a hare winks at ye, he'll rue tho day. Mrs Beatty would ba' come over here to spake to ye, only for fear o' liersel' at the farm," said Pat, jerking his thumb in tho direction of the house. " God keep sorrow from her door ; but I'm feared there's tbrouble in the wind 1" I did not quite understand whether the threatened trouble was for Mrs Beatty or Mrs Hollingford. I guessed the latter, and thought immediately of the absent husband and father. I felt that I could not do/better than obey the summons. Pat promised to wait for mo at the gate, and 1 hastened into the house to prepare for my journey. " I am going for a walk, Jane," I said, looking in at the schoolroom door. " Don't be surprised if I am not in before dark." " But, Margery !" I beard ber beginning, and did not wait to hear any more. How I racked my brains during that walk to try and gues3 the cause of my sudden summons. The only thing I could think of was that Mr Hollingford was in prison. I never fancied any thing approaching to tho truth. Mrs Beatty was anxiously watching at tho door for my arrival. She had tea waiting for me, and began pulling off my bonnet and boots at her fireside. But her hands were shaking, and ber oyes red and water ing. " Never mind me, Mrs Beatty," I said, imploringly ; " tell me what is the matter." " Take a sup of tea first, my dear young lady," said she, " ill news is heard soon enough." " I won't taste it," I said, pushing it away. " Tell me this instant !" I said, as a dim fear of the truth came across my brain. " Well, my dear," she said, beginning to cry outright, " you see there has been a terrible 9mash of tho coach from London. The horses fell crossing a bridge, and tho coach was overturned into the river ; and they do say everybody was killed or drowned. And poor young Mr Ilollingford was in the coach ; and, ok ! that I should have to say it, he's met a cruel death. I sent for you, deur young lady, that you might breathe news gently to his mother ; for there's not a soul in the country side dare carry the story to her door, and they'll maybe be bringing home the bodies." " Stop !" said I. " Mrs Beatty — are you sure " And tho next thing I knew was a sensation of coldness and wetness upon my face, and a smell of vinegar and wine, and a sound of murmuring nnd crying. " Dear heart, dear heart ! to think of her taking on so !" I heard the good woman saying, and I crept to my feet, and began tying on my bonnet in spite of her entreaties that I would lie still. " No, no, I must get homo !" I said, shuddering. "Some one else will come and tell ber, and it will kill her. Let me go at once! Let me go!" At the door in the frosty dusk Tat was waiting with a horse and gig.1 " I was thinkin' ye'd be a bit staggered by the news. Miss," be said, " and I put the mare to this ould shandheradan. It's not very fit for a lady, had manners to it ! but it'll bo better nor the slippery roads undlier yer feet." I do not know how the drive passed. I re member saying once to Pat, " Are they quite, quite sure that Mr Ilollingford was — was — " "No, indeed, Miss," was the answer, "sorra sure at all. They do say he was in the coach, hut no one seen him dead, as far as I can hear tell." I made the man set me down at the farm gate, and walked up the avenue just as the early moonlight was beginning to light up the frosty world. As I came near the door, I fancied I heard crying nnd wailing ; but it was only alopsie singing in the ball. Behind the parlour window I saw Jane stepping about briskly in the firelight, arranging the table for tea. All was quiet and peaceful as when I bad left the place two hours before. chapter v. The children followed mo to my room, won dering where I could have been so late. I said I was tired, and begged tliem to leave me alone. Then I lockpd my door, and a « 'itary hour of anguish passed. The fever of uncertainty would not let mo weep ; I suffered without much sign, but in such a degree as I had never dreamed of before. There was something so horrible that I had to realise and could not. John killed, cut away from all reach of our loving and helping. John hurt and dying away from his home, without one by to comfort him, without his mothnr's blessing, without a whisper to tell him that I. had loved him and would mourn for him all my life ! John vanished from "the earth : lost lo us for ever ! Never to see him again till my eyes were worn dim, and my hair white ; and then perhaps to be as far from him as ever ! The sickly moonlight fell about me with a ghastly peace, and the hor ror of death froze at my heart. Tea-hour ar rived, and the girls came and knocked at the door. I said my head ached, would they bring me some tea by uiy bedside ? and they went again, and I could groan loud without fear of being heard. Then Mrs Ilollingford came to me, ques tioning me anxiously, and pressing my burning temples between her cool soft palms ; and there I lay under her hands, crushed with my cruel secret. I could not tell it. Not that night. When the worst must he known it would be my place to help them all in their agony ; and was I fit for such a task now ? Besides, there was still a hope, and I clung to it with a wild energy, I pretended to sleep, and heard soft steps about the room, and quiet whispers, and I knew that three loving spirits wore watching and gliding about. By-and-byo they left me for tho night, thinking I slept soundly. But I could not sleep, and I would not have slept if I could. When the clock struck five I wrapped myself in a clonk, and went out to roam about the avenue, just for a change. I was half afraid of the ghostly trees, so black against the 6now, but I was more in terror of the melancholy corners of my own room, the solitary light, the dreary ashes in the grate. I walked down to tho gate, and even ventured out on the road, hoping to see somo wayfarer coming past who might be able to tell mo something of tho accident. The road lay white and inviting before me. I tried to consider how far it might bo to the nearest wayside cot tage, where I might possibly learn some news that might break tho awful suspense. But my head was confused, and I suppose I did not calculate the distance rightly, for after I had walked a mile I could see no dwelling on before me. The morning was breaking now, and the world looked pallid and dreary. Suddenly my strength failed, I felt faint and dizzy, and sat down upon a heap of stones, drawing my cloak 'over my face. I remember bow my thoughts became broken and confused, and my senses numb. I roused myself once or twice, and said that I would move on in a few moments, but I must rest for a little while longer. And so I remained, lost in a sort of stupid dream of trouble, I do not know how long, when tho sudden touch of a hand on my shoulder made mo start, and a voice said, " What is the matter with you, my poor woman ?" It was a man's voice — a familiar voice ; my children, it was the voice of John Ilollingford. With a wild cry I flung back the cloak from my face. "John! — John!" I cried, and grasped him by both hands. There he stood unhurt. " Oh, thank God ! " I cried again, and burst into a fit of weeping, though not a tear had I shed all the while I had pictured him lying dead or dying. " I thought I never should have seen your face again except in the coffin ! " I sobbed in ray foolish joy, hardly knowing what I said. " Mar gery !" he said, " am I in my senses? Is this all for me ? " "I cannot help it," I said. " I might, but I cannot. Oh, how I have suffered. No one knows but me. I heard it last night, and I kept it till now, and it has nearly killed me." " You are killing yourself .sitting here in the cold," said John. " You are nearly frozen to death." ITe-wrapped my cloak round me, and drew ray arm through his. " Who told you of the accident?" he said. "Mrs Beatty, last night," I answered. " She might have kept her own counsel till to-day. Several psor fellows have been killed, but many escaped like myself, unhurt. And so you kept it from my mother, and you grieved for me. Margery, may I ask again that question I asked you the night before I went away ? If it pains you, say nothing." " You may, John," said I. " And what will you answer ? " said he. " Anything you like," said I, with a want of dignity, which it shocked me to think about afterwards. " And you do not want to go to London ? " he asked. " Not un less you turn me out of doors," I said. " My own, true, brave darling ' " he said. And so we became engaged there upon the snow. IIow wonderfully the sun rose that morn ing. How we walked home through Paradise, forgetting that there was such a thing ns suffer ing in tho world. How the girls hugged me when they knew all. IIow Mrs Hollingford smiled upon us. And how sweet the honey and rice-cakes tasted at breakfast. I could not attempt to describe it to you, my dear9. It was arranged that, all things considered, we had better not be married for a year. It is strange how some little simple scenes will remain printed on tho memory, when others more important have faded away. I remember our gathering round the fire that evening, the curtains unclosed, the mild moonshine behind the window, the room half black shade and half red light, the dear faces beaming round. That evening I wrote my letter to Grace Tyrrell to say that I should not go to London. That evening, also, there came a letter from Mr Hill to John, saying that ho hoped to arrive at the hall on the morrow or next day. At tea we | talked about Ilachel Leonard. Thinking of her, tho scene at the party camo vividly hack — the occasion on which I had defended Mr Ilollingford so hotly ; ami also my conversation with Grace Tyrrell on the subj-ct in the carriage coming ho ne. After musing a little while, I said : " John, are you quite sure that you never met Miss Leonard when you were abroad?" "Quite," said J din, looking at mo curiously. " Why do you ask me that question so often, Margery ?" "Have I asked it often?" I said, "I don't remember, hut I fancied from her manner that she knew something about you." " It is not likely," said John, " for I know nothing about her." And so this matter dropped. chapter vi. John made me promise to go out to meet him next morning on his return from his early walk across the farm. I remember so well how gladly I sprang from my bed that morning, how tedious my dressing seemed, and yet how I lingered over it at the last, anxious to make myself more pleasing in the eyes which I knew would he watching for me from tho hill. I re member how in the tenderues of my joy, I opened my sash to feed the robins, and how gay and fair the world looked in its robe of white. I remem ber how I ran after a little beggar boy to give him sixpence, and how afterwards I went along tho path through the fields singing aloud for mere happiness. And yet a little cloud had already risen out of the glories of the shining East, aud was spreading and moving toward me. John aud I walked home together, side by side, and we talked tho happiest talk that ever was written or spoken. Tho world was all radient over our heads and under our feet, and we could not see even the shadow of the cloud that wa9 coming, coming, fast as the wheels tha't were i rolling, rolling, towards us from the distance. | " Look Maagery," said John, " do you sec acar- i riage on the road ?" I shaded my eyes with my | hand, and I saw the carriage. " I daro say it is the Ilills," I said, and then we walked on through the white fields nnd between the bare hedges till we came out upon the road which leads away across the moor, between Hillsbro' Farm and Hillsbro' Hall. There is a spot on this road which you know well, where the ground sinks into a hollow, and then rises in a steep abrupt hill, on the top of which any object suddenly ap pearing stands out in sharp relief against the sky, in the eyes of the traveller below. "We reached tho foot of this hill, John and I; wo began to ascend ; I raispd my eyes, and saw a figure appear on the brink of tho hill, a wo man's figure with draperies fluttering a little as the petticoats of the market women flutter when they tramp tho road to Hillsbro'. I raised my eyes again, and came face to face with Rachael Leonard. She was walking quickly, pressing forward, wrapped in a fur mantle, with a Shetland snood drawn round her face. I remember the momentary expression of that face beforo it changed at sight of us ; the delicate brows knitted as if in pain or anxiety ; the wide dark cye3 intent upon tlie scenes opening before them ; the scarlet lips parted in fatigue ; the glow of exercise wandering over the cheeks. She did not. see us at fiqst ; the sun was in her eyes ; but I spoke her name aloud, and held out my hand. She started violently, and all the colour flow out of hor cheeks. She took my hand and held it mechanic ally, but her eyes were fixed on John. I looked at him in amazement, seeking for some explana tion of the strange long look in her eyes, and the trembling of her white lips, only to see both repeated in his face, which had been ruddy nnd smiling tho minute before. They stood gazing in ono another's eyes as if both were magnetised, without either advancing a hand or attempting a word. An indescribable chill crept over my heart as I looked at them, and I drew my hand from John's arm, and turned im patiently away. He did not seem conscious of the action, but it roused Rachael. Sho smiled, and ex tending her hand, said,' witli quivering lips, which she made vain efforts to compose : "Mr Hollingford, do you not remember me ? My namo is Rachael Leonard." John's gaze had never left her face, and he could not but note the imploring look that came into her eyes as sho said these words. " Yes," he answered, and his voice shook, though his face kept a fixed, stern gravity. " Yes, surely you — Miss Leonard." At this the sound of wheels was heard coming up the hill, and with a sudden effort Rachel changed her manner. "Here is tho carriage," she said. " I hope, Mr Hollingford, you will not greet Mr and Mrs Hill with that panic- stricken look. You arc a great favourite with them, and they will he glad to see you. Pray do net look so shocked. They will think you have seen a ghost." " Would to God I had — rather than have seen you," ho murmured to' himself, and I heard him. (To be continued. J The Czar ox Receiving the News of the Defeat of the Alma. — " Prince Mentschikoff wrote no despatcli recounting the disaster he had undergone on the Alma, but he sent an aide-de camp to St, Petersburg. For several days to wards the close of tho month of September, the Czar had beqn growing more and more impatient for tidings. His impatience, it seems, was rather the longing for tho good news ho expected than the result of evil foreboding. It is said that he looked upon what ho deemed to be the unwarliko rashness of the invasion with a feeling akin to pity ; and assuring himself that the Allies would 90on be his prisoners, he ordered, they say, that in that event the captive armies of the West, but more especially the English, should be treated with kindness. At length the moment camo when it was announced to the Czar that an aide- de-camp fresh from the Crimea was in the ante room. lie was instantly brought into the Czar's presence. By brief word or eager gesture he was ordered to speak. He spoke — ' Sire, your array has covered itself with glory, but .' Then instantly the Czar knew the tale to be told was ono of disaster. With violent imprecations ho drovo the aide-de- camp from his presence. The aide-de-camp, howevor, understood that he was liable to be again called in ; and after a time — he was once more in the Czar's presence. The Czar was changed in look. He seemed to bo more composed than he had been, hut was pale. When the aide-de-camp approached, tho Czar thrust forward his hand as though to snatch at Something, and imperatively cried, ' The de spatch !' The aide-de-camp answered, ' Sire. I briug no despatch.' — ' No despatch ?' tho Czar asked, his fury beginning to rekindle as he spoko, ' Sire, Prince Mentschikoff was much hurried, and .' 'Hurried!' interrupted the Czar; ' What ! what do you moan ? Do you mean to say ho was running ? Again' his fury became un controllable ; and it seems that it was some time before be was able to bear the cruel sound of the | truth. When, at length, the Czar came to know what had befallen his army, he gave way to sheer despair ; for he deemed Subastopol lost, and had no longer any belief that the Chersonese was still a field on which ho might use his energies. I have said that this man, gathering into his own person all tho power, all tho will, all the cares of the empire, was verily and indeed that which ho had dared to call himself when he said that ho was ' the State ' I have said, too, that becauso the religion and tho national passions of his obedient millions wero his religion and his passions therefore, in his superb and stately form vast Russia was truly incarnate. But never was this incarnation more manifest than in the time of the nation's trouble. Because a disaster had come upon Russia, her Czar was first raging, then pro strate. He obeyed tho instinct which brings a man in his grief to sink down and lie parallel with the earth, and to seek to bo bidden from nil eyes. Ho took took to his bed. Knowing the danger of approaching him, everybody was scared from the door of the chamber. By tho side of the low pullet-bed that, he lay on there was a pitcher of barley water, or some such liquid, and- of that, it is supposed, from time to time lie drank ; but, except tho nourishment thus obtained, it is believed that for many days he took no food. This period of blank despair was indped so prolonged that, when other and better tiding9 were begin ning to como in from the Crimea, the Czar, it is said, still lay in the same condition. People feared to apprcacli him so long ns thero was nothing to set against the thought of the defeat on the Alma ; but when tho more hopeful ac counts came in, some thought they might ap proach him once more. Going to his bedside they told him of these new tidings, and spoke of it ns possible, if not even likely, that Sebastnpol might still bo saved. But the Czir would put no faith now in any words of hope. Nay, he raged, as they any, against those who sought to comfort him, saying : ' You arc the men, you are the very men, who brought me to this — who brought me into this war by talking to me of the power of the English " peace party." Yes, you are the men, tho very men, who persuaded me' that the English would trade nnd not fioht. Leave mo ! leavo me !' " — Kinylakc s Invasion of the Crimea. 