CAMPAIGN RHYMES. Who are the Usurpers ? BY VILLIASt nUBCAUD These are days of rough man. and roujii deeds— and I'll ine ....... Rough words in the sons that I sing, it I chouse. Fair words are too precious on scoundrels to waste— Rare vintage, which fimvs not for scullious to taste. 'Tis wit'i felons I de-il — Thieves wh i break though and steal ! Such as Fornev. who stole forty thous nd at last ! Aud that millionaire Smrglo.- — Bjn. Butler, the Buast ! 'Tis with wretches whoss garments with murder are red ! AU splattered and splotched with t:ie blood they hive she.l ! J Such a* Bingham— whose eye-balls are seared with the sii?ht Of a goast if he venture! out alone in the night ! The ghost of a woman, all saintly and white ! Poor Mary Surratt ! Purer s ml never sp?d ? To yon Heaven thro' the stars Heaining hutrions o'er head. Than thine— whose fnil body Moulders now with the dead ! Than ihiiu — who wast strangled, And lain with the dead ! K;:.st ! lie^t ! 'With the m.irtyre 1 and blest ! Murdered mother, thy guiltlessness U novj confessed ! Such as Stevens— snrrorfsd with life-long remorse ! Whose si .-cankered ho^rt his bean, long turned to eall For he see?, 'in his mind's eye,' the club-beiten corse ! Of a girl who, for him, give up Heaven and all ! Lured out to the brook -side— the night dark -and dread — ' Slain by some one unknown ' — so the coroner Slid — Bat the terrible spectrj comes buck from the dead ! Such asSumner, tha donkey, with leonine looks. Clad in j-ick-.it of stripes, which was given him by Brooks ! Such as Sumnsr, the thing! neuter gander! who made A mockery of mirriage. and a woman betrayed 1 Then torturel Ms vie i-n. as a Chief of fie Crow-3 Does ths captive he v.&es; on a r.iid oa his foes ! And the t'imble bug, filthannger, b'.aiphimin^ Wale ! Boss-in-chiHf, for long j-ears, of the weach-hug-er's trade ! Obscene as tin Hun in his mid^imirir ri le Who used beef-sreik for svl lleaid snpp-r beside ! A low dow low fellow — low born and low bred ! With a fish-wom in's tongue in a scallawag's head ! And these, O my countrymen ! fiese are the knaves Who conspire to be masters, whsnyon shall be slaves ! 