THE DUKE OF EDINBURGH IN TASMANIA. ARRIVAL OF H.M.S.S GALATEA. Shortly after nine o'clock on the morning of January the 6th, H.M.S.S. Galatea was telegraphed off Eagle Hawk Neck, and the telegraph board sub- sequently announced her position at various times during the day. As soon as it became known through the city that the vessel was in sight, great excite- ment prevailed, and business was almost entirely suspended. The public offices were gaily decked with flags, and from the tower of St. David's Cathedral flags of various nations were displayed ; most of the "i&flfls; followed this oxnmple, and towards noon tho , tv was cray with bunting. At noon throo guns ¡re fired from the (.¿uocn's Battery in the domutn.as ««tonal to the artillery mon to mustur.aiiil tho 51111 de "hments wore 30011 at thoiv posts at tho Alber tBatlory. ni,""rniniçeiiionts on tho wharf for the accommodation ni tho otlicinla who had to board tho vessel woio mmnlolo. The polico boat from Throo lint Point, iinder tho command of District Constablo Ward, mid manned by a crow of five, dressed in summer naval stylo was in waiting at tho stairs to convey tho Governor's messengors on board, and tho binding place was kept by a party of tho city police. At 2-30 o'clock throo guns from the Albert Battery annonn . cod that tho Ualatoa was off tho Iron P.ot, and crowds of persons at onco mode for tho wharves, tho battery, the hill at tho back of Franklin Square, and overy other point fiom which a good view of tho approach- ing vessel could bo obtained. , In tho city most of tho shops were olosod for a briof period, and tho excitement ran vory high. The Hampdon road from the Ordnunco Stores to tho crown of tho hill, and tho wholo bank of tho rivor «ero lined by eager spectators, while tho hill at tho signal station was also the resort of several hundreds of porsons. Al length, at a low minutes beforo Hnoe o'clock, denso volumes of blaok smoko rising over tho hill u't Crayfish Point announcod tho nppronoli of the steamer ; a fow moments moro and tho tall masts hovo in sight over tho land, tho Jack at the flagstaff was dipped, and tho Galatea rounded tho point and carno in full view. Sho was steaming slowly, tho Southom Cross following on her star hoard quarter. The only flag which sho displayed was the St. Gcorgo's ensign at tho peak. It was twenty minutes heforo tho vessel arrived off tho fci/ioiy, and then the volunteers opened their welcom- ing salute. Ou tho first gun boing fired the Galatea's ensign was dipped twico, but no furthor notice was taken of the compliment. On the salute being fired, tho bolls of Trinity Ohuroh, undor tho amateur bell ringers, ran out a merry peal of welcome Three cheers woro given by tho multitudo assembled, and tho oflicors on the bridgo acknowledged the compli- ment by taking off thoir caps and bowing. When abreast of tho Ordnance Stoi 03 tho anchor was lot go, and tho crowd bogan to disporso. Many hundreds, howovor, remained watching tho vessel long utter sho was brought up. As soon as tho Galatea auchorod HisExcellonoy's Privato Sccrolnry, Captain Steward, accompanied by Lieut. Lloyd, U.E., acting aide- camp, who was in full uniform, and Mr. Shorilf forstor, proccodod on board tho vessol to ascertain His Royal Highness's pleasure Aftor remaining a short timo on board, these gontlomon returned, and at 5 o'clock His Excellency tho Governor, accompanied by tho Hon. Sir Richard Dry, and tho mombors of His Excellency's staff, proccodod in Ibu polico boat to tho Galatea, His Royal Highness receiving His Éxcollonoy and party at tho gangway. The party romnincd but a short timo on board, and on leaving the vessol His Kxcollonoy was sabitod from tho ship's guns in tho customary manner. Shortly boforo j Bovcn o'clock two boals lelt tho Galatea, convoying His Royal Highness and a small parly of tho ollicors nnd friends to Government House, whoro His Royal .Highness had uocoptcd an invitation to dinner. Accompanying tho Princo woro tho Hon. Eliot Yorke, Lord Mowry, Mr. Brierly, Mr. Haig, and Commnndor Campbell. Tho Princo and Commander Campbell woro in uniform. Tho party landed nt tho bathing houso, and woro mot by two of His l-Wcol loncy's carriages in which thoy wore convoyed to Government Houso. Tho party al Govornment House was a vory small ono, including lier Majesty's niinistors. Shortly aftor 11 o'clock thoy dravo through the town to tho whtirvcs, nnd His Royal Highness and friends again embarked on'hoard tho Galatea. THE STATE RECEPTION. Tuesday tho 7th of January will bo marked ns ? a red-letter day in tho history of Tasmania, Unit Icing tho day upon which tho first scion ol' English royally ever sot foot upon her shores. Tho importance attached by a loyal populace to tho event was most unmistakable, and if thu demonstration of allcctionato greeting which was mado on tlio occasion was in any dogrco less impos- ing than that shown in richer colom'03, it was on account of tho smaller proportions of our city, and from no wnnt of gonuine liborality and loyal feeling on the part of our citizens. In intro- ducing a dotailcd report of the stato coromony of iho day, it would bo dillicult to convoy any ndequato idea of tho genuino enthusiasm 'which pervaded nil Iho arrangements. Suffice it to say that ii-oin tho momont of His Royal Higliness's landing; until his arrival nt Government Houso, Iho welcomo which giootod him was spontaneous, heartfolt, and sincoro. By nino o'clock in tho morning tho streets woro crowded with poonta who had turned oat to viovv tho general decorations, and to make suro of their positions for obtain- ing a good sight of tho procession. Tho centro of attraction sootnod tobo tho public buildings, and from thenco to Iho wharf ; and many thousands of persons lind issoinblod in thoso loo ditas alanculv lioui li oin tho in ci nnd what vos, vvhoiovei i clear now of tho town could bo obtained, tho eight v,M most imposing, and seen fiom tho top of tho hill boland liinklm Squaio, tho niiishallmg of t'o procession v\is a most magnificent sight ilio donso muss of heals moving iboutin tho pluto m below, tho waving ot tho fligs and binnet s homo bj tho fuondly societies, tho led shuts ol tho fin mou, nud Ilio omblcinititi inch with its two vvlvalo boats manned by ciovvs ol nutno voutlu in îod bbirts ¡ni 1 s uloi hills, and bo\ omi ¡ill tho long clcai space, with tho dus foi the accommodation of tho lia) or and Coipoi ilion Blinding out in bold i< lief, dotted lieio and thuio by gioitps of olli i ils in uniform, and tho cloigj m thon îobos ol oflteo, be ei les little knots of puvato citizens, tho wholoscuno enlivened by tho loguliu lino-i ot bciu Ict coats, vvhila belts, aud ghttoiu g bavonots distinguishing tho gil u 1 ol honoi, ( oinbinod to Conn a scene, of surpassing bulli ine\ 'Not luv o vio hidf described tho nppoaianco of tho ciovvd tiom this point of MOW ilio natmal beintio-i ot tho liiiboar added inueh to tho gi indoiii of its ollcet Ilio wlmtvra Hanked bj linos ot vc^s dtesscl in all their colors, and all ciowdod with eagui spoctatoi3, and tho glittering nvoi with tho noblo ship nding tit anehoi, and losplondcnt with bunting, founod a glorious contiast, and combinod to complote a scono senrcoly cquallod ni tim pagos ot bury lomnaco Tho woithoi (lining tho morning was ovcrjtluog that could bo downed, although duk tlirottouuig clouds hung ovoi tho mouuliiin, foi o boding ram 'lhoalmosphoio too, vvusinthu sulti} dunng tho early pm t ot tho day, but low aids noon a rofieslnng sea bioo/o sptnng up, willoh soon ciostod thorner with foam, mid although it íondoioil tho scono rathol dilhcuH foi tho photognphois by joasou of tho waving of tho hannels and the movoraaut of tho various decorations, it was o\tiomoly íofioshing, and contnbutod gicatly to tho ploasuio of all con corncd in tho lecoptioii THE LANDING PLACE A large portion of the lower end of the New Wharf had been strongly fenced off for the accommodation of the officials and gentlemen holding enids of ml) to from tho Hoy ti Kot option Commission Ihts position was flanked by linos ot flagstaff* bearing v m iona flags and alongsido tho whait at thosamo point lay tho s s ¡southern doss, ciovv dod -vithspcctatois In tho centre was a litisod dais covered vvlth Indian matting, and boating tho chau of His Worship tho Jlav oi, and challa lui thone oommodahon of tho nldoimou nnl ofhcois of tho Coiponlion fiom this point tho vvhaif vvascovoiod with ooir matting to tho binding st igo '1 ho eomp inj JioUing invitationsbogan to ai i tvo shoi tlv attor elov cn o clock, and at tho timo II K11 loft his vessel thoio woro pnae- nt on tho wharf, ihoir Honors tho Jil lgos lathoirrobes ihoLoid Bishop of lasmama won insf a purplo cissock, and tho scarlet gown, nnd wool vokot colloginto cap of a Doctoi ot Divinity Ina Lordship was altondod by Ina chaplain, tho Ita» Mi Bromby Hie Aronot iblo tho Aioh ucicon in his robos, altondod bj his chaplain, tho Rev JIi Wilson, tho Ivov Di Nicol «on. lrco Chtuoh of Scotland, and tho Rov J bonico, tlodoiatoi of tho Scottish riosbvtoimn clmroh both wouinn; Gonova gowns iho Jlight Jov Dr Murphy, Uiihop of tho Ohm oh ol Romo, attende I bj his chaplain, tho Uov M ,T Uoochmoi ino bishop woio his groon soutan, tnmmod vwth darlot, ¿ pmplo fouoln and tho Roman apucopal "it with n gioon bind nnd tassel Hound his nook a massiv o gold chum, pondont fi om vv Inch vv as a pooloi al eros? of ¿old His Gonlalup woio hioeohos, putplo stockings, and Itoman sandals willi bucl lo-, llosidos »»a chaplain ho was acoompaniod by tho Htpdit Rov wo Vicit Gonoral, W J Dunno, and tho Von and J'ov Archdeacon Hnntor, both ni lull canonicals ino lion thoPiosulont of tho Logislntivo Connell, mi 1 tho hon tho Spoakor of tho llonso of Asonmblv, in thou robes Iho Ushor ot tho Dlaok Itod, 11 Abbott Ls(l,nnd tho olork of tho House of As somulj, nnd aoetotniy to tho Kcooption Oomuussioii, {Mi M Hull, 1 sq Tho hon bit tt Di j, lint, iromioi tho lion W L Dobson, Attornov-Oonoi al, and tho lion l'hos D Uhapmiin, Colonial 1'ioasuior, tho lion Oaptum Langdon, M Ii 0 , tho lion T A Uunn 1 sq M L 0 , tho lion V 0 l'v sh.Esq , M G O , «io hon S \ Lowes, Esq, M GO , tho lion A Aonnorlav Esq.MLO , tho lion .Tus Whjto Esq, i ,, /,olm Morodith, Esq, M II A , It Walk«, ^1. MUA David Low is Esq, MUA , John ^""»lil.MUA ,Ghtis Moiodith,T¡Bq,MlIA , Wbibkij.Esq.MHA , Di Hntloi.MHA ,J It S?lt'f«l, AllIA , J Swan, Esq, M H A , G fini 11' ««'">"", JJ il 111I1IUUJ,1J<«1 .iUIllHOl "oaoral, Jumos Barnard, Esq, Oovouiiuoutptiiitoi, «r Unutussarj Uirtlott, Liout-Colonel Oinvvlord, . Lieut. Lloyd, R.I3., ooting A.D.O. ; Capt. Warren, H.B. ; Major Muycock, 2-Mth Rogt. ; Mr. J. T. Eobortsonj Mr. Thoa. Horno, Mr. T. Stephens, Cap- tain Ogilvy, Dr. Agnow, Mr. R. W. Nutt, Mr. Sheriff Forster, with tho undor sheriff Mr. Crouch ; Mr. Falconer, Director of Public Works ; tho Hov. Mr. AVrighfc of Hamilton, and Dr. J!. S. Hall. Tho ! Right Worshipful tho Mayor arrivod abont_ a quarter to 12 o'clock, accoiupaniod by his chaplain, tho Rev. J. II. Buckland, H.A., and the TovvnClork, Mr. Wilkinson. His Worship was in a handsome opon carriago, drawn by four splondid bay horsos, jdriven by Mv. Joshua Moore, tho attendants wear- ing a handsome livery of bluo and silver. His Wor- ship was in his fullvobe3.of office, vix., full court suit with brooches, and silk stookings, shoos, buckles, and sword. Ovor this lie woro a magnificent silk robo, ombroidorod with black velvot and gold luco, around his noel: a massivo chnin of gold, and on his head tho lime honored chapean iras. His chaplain wore his full college robes, und tho Town Clerk was also habited in his robes of oflioo. It was about ten minutos to 12 o'clock when tho slate carriago and out-riders arrived convoying His Excellency the Govornor, Captain Steward, and Major Vivian, 2-14th Rogt. The private carriago of His Excel- lency tho Govornor was the one usod, and it was drawn by six superb groy horsoB, and driven by His Excellency's coachman. Tho postillions were Messrs. Chanco and H. Hanson. Tho carriago VV03 closely followod by two orderlies, and by two outriders in the livery of tho Duko of Edinburgh. Tho livory of tho postillions, drivor, and foot- man woro claret and gold. A guard of honor composed of 100 men of tho 2-11th llogi mont, under command of Captain Pnirtlough, with Lioutenants Daly and Windburn assiibaltorns,arr¡ved on tho wharf al about half-past elovon o'clock, and drow up in tho space between the landing placo and tho Mayor's dais. Tho remainder of tho dotachmont woro on duty in the street lining tho route of the procession. So far the arrangements wera com- plote, and all waited tho' arrivai of tho hour of landing. At fivo minutes to twolvo o'clock tho boatswain's whistlo on board tho Galatea was heard, and immediately afterwards the hands woro seen going aloft. As oight bells woro rung tho yards were manned, the band on board playod tho rofrain of the National Anthem, and tho bargo of His Royal Highness pushed off from tho vessel. The ship thundered forth a salute, which was answered by the shore, and on the wharves every oyo was strained .in onlhiisiastlo oxpoetalion. The members of the Trinity Amateur Ringing Association, led by Mr. Charles Hardinge, master ringer, commenced to ring peals of welcome a few minutes before the Prince left there Galatea. Sovoral complote peals of o.io hundred and twenty changes, Giandsiro's half-pull method, on six bells in addition to some specially arranged changes on eight bolls woro oxocuted. Tho ringing, which was conlinuod during tho procession to Go- vornment Houso, terminated at half-past one o'clock. It, no doubt, was gratifying to His lioynl Highness, in whoso honor similar peals havo nob boon accom- plished olthor in Victoria or Adelaide. Thus tho merry church boll ringing nt our unusually well sltuatod belfry on Trinity Hill was, apart from tho appropriate ¿duct during tho singing of tho Odo of Woleomo by tho children, a foaturo in tho goneral demonstrations of the day. THE DISEMBARKATION. His Royal Highness disembarked from H. M. S. Galatea precisely at the appointed hour of noon. At 8 a m , on the firing of the gun on board the Galatea, tho lings woio um up, and tho fúgate was diessed in what, in millie ii nu lance, is known as lambow bishton Tho Roval Standard, quaitoiod with tho Puncos aims, floated at the main, with ii white ponnont above, tho Rojal Dukos I'unity flag, is hoad of tho Tiinily Boaid, at tho foio, and St Geoigo s ensign at tho nu/on, w ith a white onsign at tho peak, and tho Union Jack foin ard, the ship being completely dressed fiom watoi Imo to vv itoi-lmo, picsonting as sho la\ almost bioidsido on to tho Pi iiiklin Whit fa lomaikiibly handsome appcainnco At 12 o clock His Royal Hufhnoas ilisnmb nked tho mon ljiuj out on tho >iuds as the Duke entered the state barge, which was manned by 12 men under the command of sub- lieutenant Guy Mainwaring and Mr. P. A. C. De Crespigny, the officers of the ship attending His Royal Highness lo tho ships sido appealing in the full dr><-J3 unitoim is custom u ilj worn in thopiosonco ol inv'meuibei ol tho llojal Pundi, tho mon loudly chooiing ns tho balgo loft tho ship's sido In ot tondtneo upon II13 Royal Hi'linosj thoio woio also in tho st ilo hugo Lieutenant Haig, Ii E , T quoii) - m W ulmg, the Hon Lbot Yoiko, Lout Now îy, and Mi Buoilj AVhon about tnidvv ly bolvveon tho ship and tho landing stairs a roy al s iluto vv ts fiiod fiom tho ship s guns At tho conclusion ot tho filing tho dup -> b md play ed tho National Vuthein, and tho mon thou carno down fiom aloft, and with the o\cop I1011 ol hoi o\tia display of bunting, tho ship thou resumed hoi ordinär) appoaraneo Tho vv eather vv is 1 em ni iblv Jinovv.tha slion^ sea bioo/o on at Iho limo, and in a fow moments alter lou mg tho ship Iho billyo limed nt tho Innding stops' All tho \ossols in h 11 hoi woio drossod 111 honoi of tho occ isioiyind the sovcial lines ol vvh ni liontago piosontod a vory gay ind handsome appeal anco At tho end of tho Now Whuif, non tho landing stops, hy tho T S N Cos fmosLiovv stoamoi Southern Cioss, Captain E Lucas, Iho vessel having bel decks docoi itod willi (lou eis and foins, and nil hoi flags display el îvo\t to tho stoimor was tho London ship Wogoola, Capt un lla\, this vessol having tho Pnghsh Liisi'n Uynig aft, tho Union Jack ioivvaid, and all hor bunting at tho foio.main.nnd mi/on, tho j auls and illili;; of this vessel boing also manned as tho stito hugo appioiched Tho London ship Wind« ml, Captain G A Lullrim, ly tag- no\t to tho Wagooli at this wh ut was also diessed with all hot bunting At tho 1 r mUin Wini f the baiquo Soulhoin Cioss, Captain W Lulham, and Annio, schoonor,- Ciptam T Hun, woro also drossod, and also tho Inilmbuqiio, Ciptam li Sunsom, boithod at tho Lonjf Icltv lu tho shearn tho Wild Win e.hiig, C iptoin John 1 ishni, vv is 1) mg w ith a full display ot bunting, nnd all tho oth.i vosools in Iho hilborn, liicludiiij Iho vvholo of tho uvoi tndin* Clift woio tastotully docorileil 111 honoi ot Iho oeoasion The consulat olhros, moi chaiils' houses, Custom houso, Pmli nuont houso l'bîf Company s, and othoi public olhcos, nins and puvatobousns.hiidu pi ofnse display of hunting, lloial wreaths, and other holiday adornments. THE LANDING It was about five minutes past 12 0 clock when the barge, conveying H. R. H. the Duke of Edinburgh, aiuvol al the liiuluij; stans at tho on I ot tho Now Whait HUH, who was ottnod in pi 1111 morning coslumo, w is nltondol by Loi 1 Nowiy, Mi Hug, md th lion 1 hot Yoi'co On tho bingo 1pp10u.l1 iua tho slops, His Eicolloncy tho Goveinoi, illondol by His Honoi tho Chiof Jnstieo, His Honoi Su 1 Smith, tho lion fear R Di), Liout Lloyd, RE, Cipt Stow aid, Pm tto Sociolaiy, and Mujoi Arivian, coram mdoi ot tho foicos, do sceiidod tho stops to Iho low 01 alago, and ns soon as His Roy ii IIiHmoss phu-od his foot on thobbijfo ho welcomed lum 111 a fow woids te tho colony of 1 Manama Tho Roy ii Stnndni d w as thou inn up oil tho fhgstift at tho stan hoad, and tho b ittei 103 thundoiul forth thou s iluto ot woleomo, while tho au nmg ngnin with lusty British choeis His Roy al Highness at onco walked to tho state cai luujo, 111 which ho took his soil bosido His P\colloncy tho Goiornoi, attended by Lal 1 Xuwij, ind Mi Hat.; Ihn coiuaga thou diovo up to tho dais, whoio II13 AVoialup tho Moy 01 and Coipoi ilion woio 111 wailing to íocoiv o Iho Punce His AVoiship, alvaiicing to the fiont ot tho d in, ml dicäsod His Royal Ilighnoss 111 tho following woids -Poumt mo, Sir, to vvolooino youl Roval Highness to tho cipitnl ol l'liHinani 1 on b"hnlt of tho lo) al eiti/ons of ilobait I'ovvn I assiuo you, Su, thal vvo mo dooply gi itoful to Hoi Alajosly foi this gio"iotn visit, uni wo ino p.ond to soo asou ol oin belovul sovoioijfii como ainonjsl us a» a guost 'J'ho Citv Council has oudoav 010 I lo ombodv our soutiinonts 011 this auspicious occasion, in an adlioss, which join Rojal lli^hnoss his .riiiciously consoulud to loeoivo AVith your Roval Highno3s' poimission tho i'onn Cloik will now icid tho nddiess Tho Town Cloik now alvincod and io id tho adilross as follows - " l'o Otptiui Ills Royal Ilijinosi 1'iiuco Alfiul ruiott Alboit, Piuiuo of Si\o Cobui.; Collu, UuKo of Sixouj, Duko of L Imbin ¿li, 1 ulof Ulstoi and Lui of Kent, KiUáht of the Most àohlo Olde, of tho G ii toi, Knight of tho Mo?t Ancient and Most Noblo Oidoi of tho Thistlo, iu " VIiv li l,ll>W5 Mill Rovol HlL'llllOHl " Wo, Hoi Majostj a most loyal und mo subjects, tho Mnjoi, Aldaiiiion, mid oilinms of thu city of llouait lo» ii, humbly bog loavo to nsstuo join linjni Highness or oin altiiohiiiont to thu lliiono and pouon of oin beloved Queon "Wo beni til} wolcoino }otu Itnjnl Highness to the capital of Tiisiiiinin, und pmyjoiu Wojnl llijhiuss to accept, on liohalf of oin Most Giiioious Mujosty, otu "iiitcful iickiiow lodgments for this oppoitutiitv of o\ piessui" oin ln}nl nlfeotion foi tho Uoval ramily in tho poisnnal piosonoo of ono of its mosthoiioiod ¡nul oniuioiit mombois " Wo ti mt joui Royal Highuoss ma> lind much to ailinn o mid anjo} in tho ma ly uituial boiutios of soouoiy uuilclimiito of I'asmiuua, mid that nmidst join ici-nll elwin of this hnuf visit vom itnjnl lliglmoss ninv chousha liuiilly lnumoiy of tho coi dial vv olcoino mid loy al enthusiasm of its capital " Wo hoaitilj pi ly tho Alimghlj Disposai of ovonls that tho lorn mulei of join Ifoynl Itighnossa vojago miy bo noauinphshoti in safuty and coinfoir-, anil that on vom lotuiii to otu co union (ountij this auspicious visit to tho Aniti ihnn oulnmot may bo found to havo supplied annthoi illtistiation of tho aloso ldontity vvhiuh happily umtos Uoi Mnjosty'a ilonmiinns in all puta of tho globo in sontimout, lntoicsts, anil institutions, in lovat mid hnimonious dopondouco upon tho linpoual Oiown mid Covoiiuncnt "(Signed) J w13 MUM- Wrrsov, Mnjoi. "Horny Wilkinson, Town Oloik " Having load tho addioss tho Town Cloik hantlod it to tho Equany in waiting, Mr Haig, togothoi willi ti liaudsomo ootagonal onskot ot polished Tus maiiian light wood,oinainontotlvv ith forgot-mo-nots in Bilvoi, and tho lui siirmouutod by a ducal coronet and pluto boating Ibu Eimco's arma His liojiil Highnossni a cluai tono load tho following loplj - " Goiithnuon,-I ttooopt with snioiiiu ginliuontton tho liddies* you havo just iotul,m which }ou bid mo wolcoino to yom akoroa,-and ou bohalf of tho Quean, I thank von foi tim otpiossions of lojnlty to Hot Majesty cou taiu»il in it " l'liobomty of thoaponory ¡n tho noighbouihood of youi town, tis wolf as tho heiutj louptiou with which yon hnvogiootod mo, will long ionium in my moinoiv, umlvvhllo I thank v o i for tho puvjois yon offer vin on ! my behalf,! wish to aistti o} on that nothing has gratified mo during iny visit to Australia moro than tho vtnani I mous désira of tho people of oaoh colony to impress upon ¡me their loyalty for tho Quoeu, and their lovo for liug lntnl " ALFRED, " To the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of the city of Hobart Town." THE PROCESSION. Tho enromony of presenting tho nddross over, Dr. Doughty, tho marshal al tho prooossion, who had boon busily ongugod with his assistants from eleven o'clock, doelarod nil ready and a start was offeotod, tho procession proeooding in tho following order : Tho Marshal, Dr. Doughtj', in his uniform us Surgeon in tho Volunteer Artillery,1 wearing a scarlet sash mid gold tassel. Mr. David Gani, Assistant ¡Mar- shal, nnd Mr. Sheriff Forstor, all on horseback. A body of tho City Police undar Air. Superintendent Propsting. Tho Fire Brigades Tho Engino of tho Derwent nuil Tamar Iusurauce Company. Tho Engino of (ho Tisnianinn lusuiiinco Company. Tho Bund of tho Volunteer Artillery. Tho Volunteof Aitillery Corps under the command of Captain Tarleton. Tho Indopondont Order of Rcolintiitas, vvith tho banners of their various tents, nnd in full regalia. The Odd Fellows' Friendly Siieiot'tes bonded by a bnnil. The Indopondont Order of Odd Fellows as follows : Tho Tasin.mi.iu Juvenile Lodgs vvith banner*. The Tasmanian i'riinitivo Lodge with banners, The United Bïothers' Lodgo vvith 2 banners. Tho Albeit Lodgo with two banners. Tho Lov'nl l'ei-äovei-aiico Go Iga vvith bnnnor. Tho Prince of Wales Lodgo vvith banner. Tho Grand Lodge preceded by ila banner. A ourringo containing tho monibura of the Marino Bonni. Carriage with the Corporatlon Solicitors andl Auditors. Two carriages conveying the Aldermen of the City. The carriage of His Worship the Mayor, conveying His Worship, his Chaplain, and the Town Clerk. Two Outriders. Tho State Carringa with His Royal nighncss tho DUKi: oi-'Emsnuimil, His Kxcolleney tho Governor, Lieut, Haig, and Lout Novvry. Ordoi lies. Outi-idei-s. Carriage convoying the Hon. .Eliot Yorke, Cnptnin .Steward, Private Saerotary, and tlio Commander of tlio Forcea, Major Vivian. Carriago containing tlio acting Aide-do-cnmp and the Sheriffs. " Captain Warren, I!.13., mounted. Cnvringoconveying their Honors the .lodges, and tho lion. J. A. Dunn, Esq., M.L.Ü. Cavriago-rlfer Majesty's Alinisteis. Oat-ringo-Tho Lord Bishop of Tasmania, with his Chaplain. Carriage-Tho Right llev. Dr. Murphy, Roman Catholic Hilliup, willi his Chaplain. Ourringo-Tho Reva. Messrs. Ironside and Quiok, Wesloyim denomination. Carriage- The President of thu Legislativo Council, tho Speaker of the House of Assotiihly, with the IKher of the Black Rod. Carriago-Captain b'enton. Empty carriago. Ourringo of tho Ven. Archdeacon Davies and his Chaplain. Liont-Oolonel Crawford. Carriago with th'j Rev. .Mr. Kaatvvood, Port Arthur, in Oolleginto robes. Cnrri.ngo-Tho flight Rev. tlio Vicar-Oonoiiil and Von. Archdeacon Huntor. Empty Ourringo. Carriage conveying Mo.nr.-i. Watt, Caldor, Barnard, and Manley. I'riv.ito Carriages. In the abovo order tho procossion movod away under the oiubloinalic aroh, amid tho choors of tho populace. This arch was a most appropriate and imposing struoluro. Tho piora wore composed wholly of oil barróla, and, ¡Ilustrativo of our whaling trade, - had a fino cli'aet, anil tho top, piled up in tho form of a high pyramid, willi samples of our porter, ¡do, boor, jams, leather, wheat, burley, oats, &c;, io., and surmounted by the hugo jaws of a vvlinlo, the marchant onsign of Britain llotitiiijj over nil, formed a most ehiirnetoristio coup il'aiit. Jloncuth this, on tho rivar sitio of tho arch, waa tho inscription, "AVclcomo Sailor Prince," and on tho olbor sido. " Wolcomo to Tas minti" Tho loatuio which would, wo ima- gino, host pieiso Hi3 Royal Hiedmrss in commo- tion wit). Una stiucluio, would hu tho two fmo while boats winch suimountul Ibu sido inches, and which woio mnmiad by tiows ot s.v. unlive youths iittuolin tod. shuts and s «loi hats Thcsalals peaked then o us and eheeied is tho Pi.neu s carimj;o passed undoi tho aiclivvay AU tl.o stands ilonj; tho louto ol tho piocossiou at this point vviiodonsoly ciovvded, and the entbusiasm ot Iho spcelnlois know no bounds The puneipil ntands woio at Bolbin and Dow doll's, ii tho Old M ni ot, mid at tho lovvor ond of Muuay - slioot, and the occupants ot ouch ohoorod, waved thoir lnndkoichiefs, o. tlnow bouquots as tho pio cession passed Groduilly it vvoudod its way up Mu.ioy- stteet low irds Iho first of tho Govornmont aichos, whaio tho wold " AArolcome,' in rosea nguiu, greeted tho Punco, and his carnage pissed undoi tho inch MURRAY AND LIVERPOOL STREETS 'I'ho tspect of that portion of Murray -street lm modnlolj opposite Iho south western f.ont ot the Govninnicnl Olhcos conslitutcl a ^iy sinking foatuie of tho dis.ilaj J ho New AVhuf md tho mci, is thoy H\ spioilout at tho font of tbo sleep desceñí commencing- at tho AVotoiloo Hotel, had quito i pmoiimic off jet, und tho blondín* hu monica mut contiosts of gtj and wann coloi impuited lo tho seeno an nu ot joyousness, ot which it would hi dilheiilt lo convtj an adoqunto .dei in woi Is 'iho puliainentaij plilfoun, sot apail foi filands of iiionil ois of tho liogisl ituio, bloomed hko o paitoiio with Iho countless lines of fasluou ahlo funiiuno di ipoiy and millitioi) in nil thou wondoiful conihinliions Iho lau fonns loso in ton ices fiom lmso to summit ol the stiuctmo in such ii boivildcuii-j nu ly of loveliness 03 ini¿ht linio driven tho tubo of bichelois to nttoi distinction, and as unquestionably vindicated tho olton nssoited right ot 1 as nnnn to boai aw ay tho palin of beauty horn ill hoi sistci settlements in tho southern sois Tho opposite plalfoini, oicoted msido the on closuiü ol tho public olhcos to accommodate tho SHILOH ol the Nilton ii Vntliom, was bul spaiselj ocuipiod ni companion with its noi^hboi over tho w ly, and inadn by no menus so still ing in nnpics sion on tho eyo Tho t,ieat niultitudo ot cagoi spoc tatois on Iho whait bustling lo and fio in iinuoty to oiteb a ghmpso ot tho Kijnl gnc»t loi mod a most nuil ssno pieliuo Tho publia buddings vvcio no1 di slituto of ndoimnuil 1 u.»o Union Ticks nnd ud nul white onsi^rw wivol mosl conspicuously li oin tim uppoi windows, and sovoiil othoi fli-'S ot fmcitul deal-ins m bullit jollow, swallet, gioon, uni white llutleiol liom tho win lows l'ho S iv ni's I! ink on tho oppojilo side of Iho io id was ona ol the most itliaclivo objoets in tbo onluo unroof tho pioctssion Prom tho pillais wliuk o t ton I along tho fiont of Iho building woio sus ponded vv tootha ot foins, cvcigiocns, and Uovvors oUonling ncios3 tho ontuo Hontago In tho contra was in onoho udmuablj fibucitod from llio samo gay mulei ills, mil bonoath ii was tho insciiplion " Welcoruo ' in alternating bloi3oms of iel, white, and bluo llonoalh tho molto v is a clown, md lmmolntolj above it ioio tlnuo flius of led, white and bluo di ipi d Tho crown w is flankod vv itli tho initial lctlois V It, and ovoi each potch of the building woio displivod tho othei ouiblo matio lillois A E A lui illy mound tbo lamp posts in hont ol tho building woio ontvvinod wioaths co nposod ot lcins, ovcigioons, ¡ml lionels, tho np pon meo of winch in connottion with tho decoiolions p.avioiiily oiinnoi itcl was indo»eubtblj n^ioeahlo I'ho viow te Iho sonthwiiid vv is In a coi tun o\ttnt buimdc I though uottloicliiiby lliouieh, whu.li spins Iho sliool in iront of tho AVattuloo Hotel I'ho mell ii is ihuost noo Hess lo s ij ii of thuo spans, ona o\ 1 tomlin., ici MS tin omi i JO vvij, an lllioothois ictoss Iho aidi \v ilks Iho tip and buttresses pioseut tho nppou tn^o ofnuolul vv ill of eisuuini houghs, Iho soinbio tints ol which mo pulu lously liliovotl bj thou boin<* dotted ovoi willi lugo IIiwoi blossoms Suinioiintmg tho ontuo stuiotino ii i lugo ciovvn ol llottois and ovoi^ioons ovoi topped in its linn by Iho national llu-js of unions comituos di ipod ni an nu posimr clusloi Abovo Iho sido iuc'103 a.o .sit moons willi colored globes, mtoiulol foi gas illuminations, and II mkod with two sim, ind bono ith tho ciown 13 1 pnsai with tho indi ii lottois,A A ,ouoithoi sido Looking to Iho noilhwiul thoojo w is at onco nl linelcd hy tho towoi ot St I) uni 3 C.thadiil, fiom which, towaids oneil of the cauhnil points of tho compass, pioiojlod polos boating Iho md, white, and bluo onsigns, so lull ot hislouo nssoeiilions, and which iiovvhoio sooui to niipioss tho mind with such idoasol national gmidani, us whan thoy vvavo bom Hie summits ot ocultaos laniod loi the sublimopurposo ol íoligious wai ship Tho Mun ly-shoot hont of tho chin eh was still fuilhci sot oil by tho decoialiona piovulod toi tho plotfoinuoioctedloi tho accommoda- tion, ot noiaons dosuous of witnessing tho pagoiul ot tho day, but whioh woio nob voiy lmgoly 1130I foi that pmposo Tho most conspicuous ul Ihoso ailoiu monls was tho stukin^ly nppiopuate motto, "Poai God, Honoi tho King,' /wovon in loaves of laurel ulong Iho fionts ot tho two piincipal plotloims A smalloi Btand nt tho noilhoiii nn^lu ol Iho church onolosuio was voiy tastefully ombollishod with flow01 s and ovoi^ionns nnd constituted quite a fiHuioof thospootaouhu display 111 thonoi^hboihood That pallion ol Mun iv-shoot, bolwnon the meit and tho lunction ol 1 ivoipool shoal, vv is lined on both sides willi baniioisof tho gijnst hues, tho olleot of whioh oouiplotolv cclipsudovoii tho most piotentious flags attachod 111 tho oidinuj stylo to stalls 01 polos Tninin,* nyilil lo tho noilhwiul tho attention wisimostol bj tho long natani gloaming bunting, which shotchol outus fai as tho inloisoo tiou of Livoipool "hoot, whom it was boundod by a lino of II igs suspnmlod ncioss Iho lino ot m nob, and bono ith thom by a gai land of How ins and ov 01 ¿a oons Piom tho pinchón ot Manqiima mid Ltvoipool sticots siiiiiliu viHtns stiotchod to tho oaslwnidand wostwnid in niliiiilo vnuoly and liohnoss of colot mg Lieh ot tho banks soumol to hnvo mado ila point ot hoiioui looUubit altoyul Standaidtho nobly blu/onod Holds ot w hu li shono 111 truly niaiisliu pudo 111 tin bullit sunshine, ami anothor of tho samo noblo ombloms ol Hutam's Sovoioigntv iloatod 111 stately giandoiii horn tho signal stult of tho Telegraph lillico Towaids tho Domain tho llig ot tho City Council, waving high abovo thoioof ol tho Town Hall, was, fiom its groat olova tiou, cortain toe itch tho ovo tit once, as woro also national ensigns piojoeting fiom windows of tho building bonoath it To tho Mostwiud, tiom tho juuotiou of tho two sheela already mentioned, ti still largor vista of flags extended, nhd tównrda its upper oxtvomity minglotl with tho clumps of shrubs which boro mid thoro projeoletl thr^-i-h ur over Iho fonces of gardens ncross tho sido-wnllcs. In tho lons; rows of flags which linod both aides' i of tho roadway in Ibis direction ns elsa when tho I Union Jack, rod, vvhilo, mid bluo ensigns pre- dominated, but to opoeil'y in dotail tho buildings from which thoy woro oxhihitod would bo impracti- cable. Across tho street from tho Messrs. Walch'« ¡ wholesale stationery establishment to tho Stono Buildings was oxlontlod though not in tho route of rho procession a garland of flowers and evergreens. A very handsome and- richly oolored flag- of th,q Ordîr of Odd Fellows was hung onUtido tho lodgo room in Murray-atroefc. Two largo ensigns of red and white rospoctivoly in front ol' tho resi- dence of Mr. Kormodo also conspicuously tended to heighton tho general olfbct. To tho roaiilonco of Mr. II. Hunter a vcfj'pretty hower- Iiko aspect was imparted by tho twining of wreaths of flovvors and ovcrojroons around flagstaffs erected along i tho outer lino of tho side walk, and festoons of like materials sti etching from staff to staff. Within a few minutos after tho landing of His Royal Highness above described, the previously olenr roadway be tweon tho Murray-street aroh, and tho intersection of that roadway with Macqunrie-street, the ap ' appearance of a fovv straggling pedestrians hastening i up from tlio direction of tho landing stngo showed that the popular curiositj' as to the proceedings in that quarter had bonn to a great oxtont appeased, and very soon afterwards tho fow stragglers had swelled to a continuous stream. Presently tho swell of voices which prelude, tho march of nn approaching crowd grow moro nnd more audible, and in about, a quarter of an hour from the moment of Ilia Boyal Highness putting his foot, on Iho landing stage, tim head cf the procession showed bonnath tho archway abutting on the govern- ment offices. Tho array passed on in tho order in which ii lind been marshalled, as already described, on tim wharf until tho carriago of His lloj-nl High- ness had arrived opposite- tho parliamentary plat- form, when a halt was called in order to allow ol' the Xntional Anthem being sung, as arranged in tho programme, by tho ladies nssemhlod in front of tho govcrnmonl buildings, aided by the occupants of the pla) form on the opposite side of tho street. Tho nnthom was Bimjg with oommondahlu precision, but tho volume of sound was not sufficient to rondor it ns offectivo ns could have boon desirod. After this, tho procession movod on along Murray and Livorpool-stroots. ' TUE CITE2EXS' AUCH. This is a structure worthy of tho citizons,-a noblo arch,-an olognnt ¡ireh,-built by tho fiovorn [ mont ns fur ns the woolwork is concerned, hut tho ' decorations woro supplied by tho citúV.ons at a cost of from .-6120 to ¿'180. jVnd thoy tiro worthy of tho occasion. A qnadruplo arch, rising to a height of 57 foot, and surmounted by n floral crown, IU foot in height, vvith ti cross of 2 foot, completos a structure worthy of tho ndvont of an emperor. But in addi- tion to this, tho nieh, is profusely decorntotl vvith ovorgreons and flowers. On tho front facing Liver pool-stroot, on tho west, is tho inscription, "Tho Citizens groot you," surmounted by two Union .Tucks, partly folded, and from Iho centres of tho four arches woro siispondod baskots of flowers. Tho nrchos rest on four pilaslors, forming a pediment, and on tvvinod with nativo shrubs and croopors, tho baso being formed by forn fronds from tho Huon' track, and kept fresh and fragraut by constant jots of fresh water. Tlio arch was dosignod by Mr. 0. Walch, mil wo may describe it briolly as ti qnadruplo areh,the four cornor.s springing from Mr. Graham's to Messrs. Russell's, and from Mossra. Wnloh's to Messrs. Sailor's. At tho corner of Elizabeth and Livor- pool-stroots tho scone was p.uticularly gay .and striking. Flags and balmers woro Haunting from many houses, and at Messrs. Walch's a rather novel but pleasing elfoct was produced by tho'display of lings ¡it tlio ¿rindows, tho stall's of which worn en- twined willi wreaths ot rosod. At Moss«. Sab'or's wroaths of ovorgroons woro carriod in front of tho house, which hud a vorv pretty appoaranco. jVt Messrs* Ü.D. and W. Kussoll's tho building was covered with Howers ¡md ovorgroons, nnd Messrs. Haicourt, Holmes, Or, Johnson, and Hinsby displayotl similar floral decorations. Proceed- ing; towards tho domain Um carno decorations of lings ¡ind ovorgroons mot tho oyn in ovorj- direc- tion, until it rostoil on lim air-h erected bj' tho hos- pital, whon it roeoivoilr.ilhor an unpleasant ohook, ns tho aroh in qiiffltion was moro Uko tho ontranoo to a cemetery, than an object of welcome and gmtnlation to a Royal Prince. Passing; this by, howevor, tho prooossion movol onwards, and on arriving in viow of the domain a seono of surpassing bounty and in- terest met tho viow. Thoro, ranged in scats provided for thom, woro soon somo hnndiods, naj-, thousands of chihlron, belonging to tho various Sunday-school», and who woro waiting to groot our lioyal"vÍ3Ítor with an " Odo of Welcome." A moro gratifying spectnelo than this we never behold, although in oldon times wo havo witnossed tho annual gatherings of tho charity children in St. Paul's, London. THE DOMAIN Tho ispoct of tho Domnm as tho boin approached foi tho I'niKOS landing became voiy 0a\ At 10 o clock tho buiiduy-Rchanl oinl Won inamUnllnil bj thou íespootivo clurgsmon and ti no1 01 s hogan to issoinblo at thoir appointed placo 1 lags and ban nois ol ovoiy concoivablo vnnstj' and dovico mndo tho alioota gaj Tho du lihou woio nil diassod m holidiv ntttio, and tho gula had with soaicolv an ovccption thou diesscs tiimmod with MUD in com- pliment to tho sailoi Punce A 1 nge niimboi of tlio bojs bul blue losotlra, somo woio se ufa of blue I101O33 thou shouhlors, while bluo iiccktios woio m cotmtloss numbois As tho viiitoits KI hook tip pionched then sUmd thoj woio niuishnllcd to then seats bj 5fi O 1« Waloh, tho manduvi, and it was soon found that Iho accommodation was not stiihinont loi ono half tho numboi lil dv to bo prosont liom all quirtois thoj carno pouimg-in fiom Jvun,nioo Point, CKionco Plains, baadj B ij, O Buen s Budgo uni Liidgawntoi Eich fuinishod ils quota 'Iho following is a îoluin of tho nunibci pi osent who iniuoliod down in procession with then toachois - Loionbunlaj sohool220,llattoij Point Sundaj s hool 80 Kangiuoo Point ¡behool 12, Bcthcsli scholl ü), Union Olupol school luO Brisbane stioot school 180, Watchorn stioot school U0, Davey stioot Oongioga tionnl school 200, Cimpbcll - st toot sehonl, 200 Molvillo - shoot Olupol school 200, Divoj stioot Woslej in school 100, High ¡.ticot, O Buen s Li ligo school 10, S linly Bij school 01), Lovvoi Collins stioot schoil 00, St Audiow s school 92, Battcij Point Woslovan school SO, Biptist Olupol sclioils IhO, St folm s Goulburn stioot school 22b All bunts sohoolSO 'st Tosoph s(Oatholic) school (bo\ -,) 217,bt Tosoph s (Catholic) sohool (gills) f)7, O Buon s Bu Ign and Budgen itoi school 70, St D u id s school 1 IO, b mdv B ty 1 too Uotho list behool 10 St Gootgo s Bilteij Point school 1 ¡0, Now low n Wo^lüjiuihcaool lO.Xovvlovvnlndcpon lout school 10, INuiv Iowa (Citholic) School "Î2, Cluonco PI uns sohool 10 , total, J017 In addition to those thero ware sovotiil schools which anivod lato, and ni tho hmiy ol gotting Ino childion Boatod tho namos and munbuis vvoiouot takou llioio woio still a gi cat nnuiboi of childicn v ho sli igglod in, hiving been too hite to |oiu in Iho pi ocossion of then respectiva schools Altogothoi theio could not luvoboou nianj less thm livo thousind ohtldron piosont within tho enclosure, bosnios tho te ichors an 1 othois Ono patt of tho gi omul v\ is sot aput toi tho children ot tho Oipknn behool, who, bj thou denn nnd happy domoanoui proaonlol an ngroo nblo mid pictuin quo npponianco lhoumji ii ail ol tho vvholo vvis boiutilul Iho gav and ilut tcung tippo nance ot tho lings and binnois, tho white diosaes ot tho oluldion, tho noat nnd boconung tuiuiningswith vvhichthov wiiodoenuitod, would noul Iho pon ot a fashion ti d > modisto to do full justice to Iho distiibutioii ot tim cikes nnd buns was o\\.tiomelv «oil iniinigol Ino alni Iron pissel thiough tho tents to thou so its, tiudcidi child locotvol his ot hoi simio in a pipoi big as thoj wall el on i\s His E\collonoj pissed thiough tlio Domain lo nieot His Itoval Highnoss ho vv is gi oolo I vv iib a bon tv cheni which ho niiknnvv - lolgol j\t length tho inspiung sti tins of tho jVr lilloiv bin 1 woio hoaid appiotching,and tho ciy wits i usod, ' lto comos Iho flailing ot riovvds t'luiigh tho lovvm galo of tho Domain told tint His Ka} al llighnoss had pissod Maiquario stroot, and would soon naiko his tippo ti anco A nish was made to sucinq pi leos, and tho loncos of ti o old an 1 now otiokot Kiou lids woio soon crow dod with al krong ol o igoi and delighted liicts, all anxious to ncotiro a long loo'e at tho íojid visitui It soemud to bo nu onlloos ciowd, singing foi vv mil, andthoQity coitainly pom ed out hoi thousands, swelled bj uumoious tiihulinos fiom tho suiiounbng conntij Ihoscono vv is now animated in tho e\tiomo Tho lirgo spneo occupied bv tho now ciichatoioiindbocamo " inntinot with lifo and as tho hu idol ¿ho pioees3ion passed tho gato ol tho Domnm thousmds pussol onv\aids to tho ciost of tho lull lo aw ut tho (oming of His lloj ii Highness At longth tho si\ gilliintgroys woio scon omoijjing fiom undoi tho inch m Lavin pool stioot A civ tuoao, " Thoto ho is, and tho oxcitoinant and noiso was hushol at onco 'Iho childi on aoited and tilt itigod thomsolvoa us thoj best could, tho band took up thou pi leo, und Mi Pnokot nssumud tho conduotoi H bat/m to duoot tho singing As 11M Hovni Highness ippioaohod, tho ehonimg was tikon up bv tho eiovvd lining oath Hide of tho load and was lopoalodlj noktiovvlndgol bv His llivill Highnoss JVS ho nppioaoho I tho clnldton a stand n hoailv ohoei vv is gtv on, fl iga un 1 liandLoic'iiols wivol, an lit its woio tossod up Tho Punco giticolulK acknow- ledged tho hoailj loeoption aecordod to lum by vonng i'lismania Iho pi occasion now ci no to a halt tho bund Htruek up ii prolinunniv noto, and Mt Paol oi,wai nig his stall, tho " Odo of Woloomo was sung Iho vuioesottho Niliotul Antliom appointed foi tho occasion vvoio m>\t sung, and dining tho Ringing tho pooplo unoovoied As soon ns this w is finished thoio coinincncod a soono which His Rov al Highnoss goomotl to onjov nmiuinglv, and laughed at most heirtily Tho childion woio noarlj all pio vulod with boutpiots, midas tho cauuigo niovod on a poifoot avnlancho ot thom was hmlodat His llojal Highness Around, ovm, and undoi the cmingo thoy foil m ondloss piofusion Somo of thom ovon sttuek ilia Royal Highnoss, and loll into tho ourringo All along tho load tlio show oi of bouquets contlnuud mid onuoi tw o, lov ollod bj bottui aim, ttotually hit His Itojal Highnoss on tho head, and noarlj knocked his hat oil, anti ho onlj saiod it bj quickly catching it with his hand Thosohttlo rather demolish atti o offusions of gratiflod and gushing lojnlty woro re cftived bj; His Iloyal Hi'*hne?s with a hiiionmn'K and good nature which Won for him, from nllj loyid and' ropoatod cheers. Hy tho timo tho ourringo reached tho gates of Government Houso, it must havo boon half filled with Howers. Tho procession moved on through Iho Domain, nnd, as the houd uppiouchcd tho gate loading to Government Houso, Iho Princo was gruatly ehoerod. On entering the gate, tho carriago passed rapidly down tho avenue, and thu ^mmonso throng which hod accompanied tho proces- sion returned to town.' Tho number in'the Domain has boon variously estimated at from twelve to twenty thousand. THE TORCHLIGHT PHOCESSION. i Tho ladies and gontlomen who woro to take part in tho torchlight aquatic procession began to as, s.-'mblo about half-past 7 o'clock, nocompanicd by thoir friends and a largo number of ladles and gen- tlemen Invited by tho uoiamilluo. Xb« ovoiiina; was beautifully fino. Tho sea breeza which had boon blowing briskly all day, diod away, and gavo place to a westerly wind. 'Tho lrioon shono beautifully, and rodo through an almost cloudless sky. Tho temperatura was sufficiently cool to lender shawls and wrappers a comfortabta.nddition to tho ordinary dross. Thoro woro on board altogether about six ¡ hundred Indios and gaatloiiicn, including many of Iho leading inhabitants of tho city. Mr. Risby bud chargo of tho Twins steamar, and was assisted on board by 0. Davies, Esq., M.II.A., and li. S. Barrett, Esq., M.II.A. Tho formation and mniutonanco of tho lino, a task of no small difficulty, was conducted with 'conspicuous energy, judgment, and good lompor by Mr. James Johnston, tho marshal elect of tho regatta flotilla, nod considering tho necessarily! haphazard manner In which tho crows of the various boats wore got tefrothf-r to carry out so novel and dillicult nu undertaking as .a torchlight procession, all partira acquitted themselves in vt>ry creditublo styl«. Th" following is thu list of mît ríos of hoots Intended to take part In the display, with, their respective eox Rwiiinn, nndby for tb'n greater prut Ion ol'thom wera included in tho lino :-Gr.'ico Dulling, John Turnor ; Retrlover, II. J. D'Eiuden ; Lark, li. P.atb; Nelson, Seager; Dreadnought, AV. Turnor; Atalanta, Wil- liams; Motoor, Boothmun : Titmou.se, J. Ross ; Sunny South, J. Bradley ; Par AArest, R. Bradloy ; Mercury, P. G. Harry ; ,-, Moriarty ; -, T. AVest brook ; -, J. Taylor ; AVhilo Pawn, Halos ; Falcon, - Hides ; Thistle, John Railov ; -, Richard Crosby ; Princo of AValos, S. Jacobs ; Challenger, T. Jacobs ; Croat of the AAravo, James AVIUon ; Horn, Alfred AVilson ; Oommodoio, AV. Hrovyn ;Trao Blno.T. Chambers ; Hopo, J. B.isstion ; Fleotvvlng, T. Lynch ; Admiral, C. Dillon ; Picnic, 0\. Dillon; Cupid, 0. Dillon; Curacoa, 0. Dillon; Thetis, 0. Dillon ; Colleen Down, (J. Dillon ; Galatea, C. Dillon ; Paney, A\r. Donburn ; Sovqn Stars, J. Smart ; Prince' Alfred, G. Hubbard ; Swallow, T. Hubbrud ; Amoila, AV. Atwoll : AVilllam, T. Bayos ; Undino, T. Abol ; Happy Jack, John GIdnoy ; Runnymede, H. Gtlmstono ; Lliuiot, .1. Wara; Spray, AV. Dear; Eva, Laughton; Bluo Jacket, R. O' May; Scottish Chief, J. O' A tay ; Princo of Wales, T. O'May; Adelaida, A. Harrington ; AVuvo, E. Ilalos ; Rover's Brido, ,T. 11 ill ; Ivcnrsago, AV. Atkins; Jano, i\ Rush. Tho arrangomonts to glvooffnct to tho lionionstrallon woro as perfect as thoy possibly could bo. Tho whola of tho living freight being on board, tho band, iindor tho loadeiship of Mr.Thomos, struck up o quickstep march, Iho rod uro was lighted, linda signal rocket fired. Thu steamar gol slowly under way, and proceeded towards the Galore i, amid cheers from the shore. A little delay was caused In arranging Iho flotilla, during which tho rockota and rod and greun fnos woro occasionally burnt, and tim bond playod soma of its most inspiring strains. Tho steamer wont slowly round tho Galatea, tho company singing Rulo Britannia with great precision and olivet. Tho scone at this timo was brilliant and beautiful in tho oxlroino. Tho long linn of boals, with lighted lorchos undulating with tho waves, and slowly advancing, was ono of tho prettiest sights ovoi' wit- nessed on Hie banka of the Derwent. Throe hem ty ohoers woro givon as tho stoanior passed the Galatea, which woio .returned by tho mon on board tho frigate, Iho band al tho saino lime striking up i livoly nu Green fiieswcronovvbiii.it md sovoi ii rockets thiown up, tho bin I pitying i milich, and thon tho company s in^ " O'oi Iho calm and spuklingw deis, ' which souudo . voiy boiuh fully, the voices blending well. As soon is this end x1 the G diloa exhibited i bluo Ino nt eich pjit belo, md ono fiom tho pbhoom and I io oiled was magnificent, md t! na was but ono foi hn^ of delight al this bulhatit exhibition I'ho Jloltll i no v ste um 1 gently towaids Government Houso, tiling nickels and binning allein itely iel and gtoon lues, tho company singing "tio.tho g1 idsoinn d ly is bio living, and with mcioasing ofli'ct and piooi ion, is the mu i toius seemed to g nu conlulonro Ev oiy thuij; vv is pin ceoduig as "mouj as a mai ti i¿o ball, and all on bond wero enjoying thomsolvos thoiou0hly, and woro in tho gioatcst atoto ot ontliusiism nnd delight, when ono ol'those uceidonts which soom to mock all human piudonco and forimght occuitod A hugo eise of lockets had hoon pi .cod at tho opposite end of the stoamoi to vvhoro tho oichosti i vv is situitcd, and it wis bolievod quite siilh-iontly soeurod liom accident Iho m in in chnigo went to fuo a soi pont, and tho spuks fell in union.; tho lockets, and sot thom on flio In an in>lmt a sceno of gioit coufiisiou ocomicil Sovoi d ol the îockots How about tho dock anil o\plodod, and Ihogicntoatdungoi was foi a fow minutes ippichondel A lush was mnilo lo tho othui omi of tho slouuoi, anl sovoi ii bubra minto 1, uni tho clothes of ono ni two (_iu^'it Ino, but woio quickly o\tiiiPjuishplhy thoby-»tandou Sovoinl ¿ontlomon at a gio it iisk in ide a nish I ¡ Iho buiniujr ho\ of firnwoiki, and aftei gellin¿ in one oi tivom-ilmco> blunt on Iho bauds, the box was Uno vn ovoi bo til and ill d mgei co ist d Tim dor k ol Iho stonmoi was blunt in sovei ii placos, and tho buln uki woio on flio, bul a fow buokots of vvatoi p.oinptly oxtm^iushnil all lcinnants of Ino The ailinn among tbo lidies was voiy gieat and it win sano tuno bofoio many of them could got ovo. tho fught Clinch hud boen ¿ivan thom Ali D iuo¿ and orhoit woio nidoliiti^iblo in leasoiiung timm, but oioiv timo ifteuvaids that it loikot wont od, oi the gieou oi io! flies woio buiiit.thoii alum vv io i anew oil Hv the tuno oi loi vv is io->toio I tho llotilli IndioaUiod its appointed placo oil Government Houso 'Hu anohoi was dioppod, lockets hied, and tho oichfsti i began ni accoidanco with tho auangoiwmU to go thiough tho progiammo ajfun ' Rulo Diitannii1 a id tho olhei pieces woio ¿ono tillouri willi gioit piceision and oflect,and I'm spiii'-itiiunj; sti i ns had a moit nivi^oi itmg oHott on Uu)<-J whom Iho leeent locidonthidieudeioiltimid indnoivous Iho" Wei como to Punco Alfied wasespeeiilly well leiideicl, mil cillul loith uiiiij um. minims Tho "X.lion ii Au'hu ii ' closed tho musicil poihon ot tho saionulo, nnd tho stoauioi vvoi^hol nnehoi md iot(irnod lo town On irasinj; tho Galilea "Lulo But min i vv is again plavod hy tho bind, and Iho 1 u¿o freight was huido I silo, in spito of an neeihnt which t Ino it enid oneo to bo soumis Had it not boon fn tho uiiloilunnto o\plosion tho stionudo would, is it still must bo consuloiod, hu o boon tho mo-,1 beauti- ful und sucopsslul spoctielo ovoi w Hno-.se 1 ni Iho colonies On landing at tho whait tinco houty chcois woio guon foi Ah Du ins, foi tho onoigotic and succossful w ly m which all tho nuangonicuts had boen coined out LAVING THE POUND A H OX S rON Ii OP THE M1W CVl'ITLDl.AL The foimdatiou stono of the chinch designed to bo tho Cathoili ii Chinch ol tho dioceso ol Ti-, mania was I ud al 11 o clock on tho forenoon ol Wodnosdiy, Tmuary tho 8th, by His Rov d IIiglino3s tho Dal o of Ednibui^h Long bofoio tho bom appointed foi tho co niiioneo uent of tho ceiomonv, Iho stroots lo tiling to tho cilheJiil woro Ihiongo 1 by liiouv hundióla of spect itois, ill anxious to vvituoss the piocodin^s, wlulo ovoij uimlabln window vv is filled by i ur/it occupants J'ho balcony at AVobbs Hotel, win h connitmlel a lino MOW of tho pi it lum, wa-, divided bj Indios uni gontloinoii, m I in Iho slrool fronting tho onclosuio about n coup!« ol thetis nul of tho riti/ons weio oongiegalol I'ho mun st mil, which bid boon oiocled lo command a viuw ol tho pi o cossion, bad boon lnllod bick foi sonio distinto, and this was Huikcil bj two sm tlloi staiils, tho ono loi the occouimo bition of tho wives pud I undies ot tho cloigy and tho olhoi lor Iho ebon and i hil bon attend night Divid s Sunday school Tho hugo stand vv is ci ow dud to o\coss by tho houi ippointol foi the eoiomony to cotmiinm e Tho inii|onty of its oipi pnits weio lidios, ind tho toni. i=t of ejloi3 exhibited m their Ulna eintiibutel much towal Is tho gonoiol eil et of a voiy min i-unjf spoct i lo The squaio spaeo ni liont ot tho st md vv is I opt ck n foi Iho acoommod itiou ot l'io cloigv and othois eou noctod with tho ptocrodings of tho div li oma hugo pan of HIICUS oioetol in lim coulta of this spaeo dopondod Iho " elliot romoi stone," and Ho it ing fromalligstall nhovu it vv is tho Roy ii St md ml ot England supported hy tho Union fael, mil two St Gool go's ensigns gi oupel V mik lund cipote 1 plolloim sininoiintet tho sto io and exton led In tho entunico gate Tho oneloaiuo w11 ¿ly with lnnnmoinblo (lags of nveiy ima^m iblo design, and liom the lowei oi lie picsont, chmeh, national ooloins weio display ed ns on the piouonsdni 'Iho stan U WHO J* ni v di em ntel with ovoifticons and Downs, ind on tho liont of Um main stand wu display nil tho text " I oai God, honoui tho Ixuirr ' Tho woi I " Welcome was also conspicuously displayed Irom valions pom's At hill-put 10 o dook the clii^v assemble I ni tho otiiiich, hohilod in thou siupliees, ml u pt )0C3sion insuiushiiiled te maiehto tho stone on thu niiival ol tho stito entilado bhoitlj ultu lull-pist 10 o dook a gum A of honoi composed of 100 mon ot tho 2-1 Hh Rogt, undoi tho conmind of Captain M oigan, with Limi'onnnts Wind- burn and Otlloy ns subiltoins, aiiivod in front ot tho cathedi ii mid diow up in o¡ on ordoi lo loeetvo His Ro)id Highness Shoitly bofoio ti o'clock tho ohuichwiinlons, Mcsiis li Cook, I" Giblin, and It Riboits aiiivod, accompanied by tho local architect Mi Itenrj Hunter, ind tho contracto!, Mr Roboit Wiggins," and duposited upon tho stono the iiiiploaionts to bo mod by His Royal Uijlmcs I'ho io woto tho silvoi tiowol, which has boon pioviouslv dosonbotl in oin columns, and which was mannfnctniml bv Mi Cnmlos Guv lor, mid on¿ravod by Mi W li Hook , a boiutifnlly designed lo el ol Tasmani in lightwood, m tho foun of a tiianglo, having a lion towAmi' at oithoi omi ol tho biso, ad neal coi onot at tho top stn mounting n cioss, mid a plummet of sdvci This implement was designed by Mi, II lluntoi, nnde\ocutod by Messia Hamilton nnd Sons. There was nlso a mallei of 'sho-oak wood highly polished; turned bj' Mr. Powoll ¡of Oollins-stroet. Lot into tho frünt of tho stone was a plate of brass,' bearing tho following inscrip- tion iu modiiBval text, with illuminated capitals :-¿ ' , "Ju tho nanto of the over blessed and undivided -Trinity, and Hilder tho dedication of St: David,' Arch- bishop and Cuiifosaor, this stonu was laid bv" His Royal' .Highness Alfiod Ei- nott Albeit, Duko of Edinburgh, bu ¡the uighthday of J.muiuy, MDUU0UXV1I1. (tloriu Ulbi J3ominc | Tho "pinto was a beautiful pieco of engraving, oxecutod by Mr. /annan,of Murray-stroet. Tho churchwardens tdso deposited on tho stono tho ,bóx to bo lodged in the cavity, which was covered with plato glass, and contained copies of (ho ^IobartTown Mercury, and Tiiiiiigiiiait Times of. tim, dnj", a oppy of ¡the Xnuneiilnii Tiiiiei of Monday Jost, a copy'of tho > Oí III eli Sent, mid the following coins :-=-A half ioovcroigu, ii crown, a half-crown, a florin, a shilling, ja sixpence, a fonrponny, piece, a threepenny woco, tv ipenny, á halfpenny, and a farthing. Tho*following linscription wns nlso place-1 in tho box: i " Tins chinch, designed to bo tho cathedral chuich of .tho diocoso of Tasmania, and nlso the pnuah, church of ¡Aunt David (replacing an earlier structure, founded iu the your of our Lord, 1817), wns solemnly founded on I tlio Slh day of Janilary, in the year of our Lord, 1808, 'by His Royal Highness Alfroil Ernest Albeit, Dnko of i Edinburgh, Dnko of Saxony, Prince of Coburg Ootha, K.G., K.T. His lä-ccolloney Colonol Thomas Gore Biowne, Ü. B., being Uovei nor of iTasniauin; tlio Right Kevoreud Charles Henty thomby, D.D., tho Lout llishop of Tasmania ; tho Venerable Rowland Rnbort Davies, U.A., Aichdeacon of liobmt Town; the Youo r.ible Tilomas Roibc-y, M.A., Archdeacon of launces- ton ¡ S.r Valoiitinii b'lemmg, Chancellor of tho Diocoso ; William Lambert Dobson, Esquire, Church Advocate; 'John Harrison, Ki'muro, Itegistrar ; tho Uoverond fiedf-i-icl; ffoldship Cot, H.A., Incumbent of St. David's Ohm oh ; tho' linvorond Henry Biftlley liinmbyt n.À., Assistait t tJiuntu of tlio saine, nuil Chnplniii to tho Ftlshop ; H my Cook, Thomas Giblin, nnd Henry I J. Robot-is, Ksqûhcs, ('hurchwaidi'iis; {¡corgi- Kieiloi'iok lindley, nichitnet; Henry limiter, loeal aicbitect and .superintendent of thowniks." , JV_S St. David's clock struck eleven thn stato carriago convoying His Jîoyul Highness tho Duke of Edin- burgh turned tho corner of Mncqutirio-stroot, and draw up at tho g.ito of tho Cathedral. Tho carriage was preceded by two servants in livery, and followed by tho Governor's, orderlies., It conUhiod H.R,H. tho Duko of ¡Edinburgh, His Excqllonoy Iho Govornor, Lord Nevvry","aud Lioutonunt Ilaig. jV second car- riago convoyed tho Hon. Eliot Yorke, Mr. Briorly, Captain Stoward, His Escolloncy's Prívalo Secretary, and Lioutemiut Lloyd, U.E., noting A.D.C. JVS the slato enrriago drew up at tho gato of tho Cnthodral tho troops prosentod anns, tho multitude choorod moat oiithitsinstieally, and the chcoiing was continual without inloruiission, vvhilo H. 1Ï. H. wa\kod along tho plulform. Tho Prineo woro his uniform ¡is post captain in tho Royal Navy, vvith the hluo libbor) and tho stjii'iof the g.u-tor; Iho star of tho most nublo order tft tho'thisÜQ and the star of Malta woro also conspicuous among his decorations. Tho lion. Mr. Yorke and Mr., Haig woro the handsome uni- forms of Iloj'al cquorrios, and Lord, Novvrj' tho uni- form of mi ollico'r in tho North Shropshire yeomanry corps. Tho stato p'artj' was attendod by tho lion. Sir R. Dry, Kilt, (preniior), tho lion, tho jUtortioy-Gono rnl and His Worship tho Mayor, and also by Major Vivian, commander of tho ibices, Major Maycock 2-Hth Rogt.,Liout. Col. Crawfird, Captain-Warren, R.E., and Captain Fenton. Tho Royal party was pi-ocodod by tlio prouossioti of the clergy, tho Lord Bishop following vvith his chaplain bouring tho pastoral staff. On arriving at tho slono tho clrvgy filed off, and formol .isqmuo round the dais. The following woro the clergyman prosont:-Tho Bishop, Archdeacon D ivies, Rovd. V, li. Cox, and Rev. H. B. Bromby, lljv. A. Davoupoit, T. Gellibrand, Dr. Parsons, G. li. Smith, J. It. Buckland, i\ Iluds pelh, Now Town ; E. 0. Williams, Glenorchy ; T, Stansfield, Huon ; S. Wtiyn, Groon Ponds ; G. Wright, Iluiuillou ; 13. lùeoman, Biown'd River j \\\K W. J?. Aluriay, Now Norfolk ; G. Eastman, Po.it Arthur; Ü. Galor, Richmond; R. Wilson, Olaronco Plains; It. D. I Ian is, 13. P. Adams, Doloraiuo ; II. W. Adams, Jericho : G. M. Wilson, Campbell Town ; 13\. Symonds, D'Eutrecasteiinx Channel ; 0. J. Brtini iiinll,,!. II. Sm.tlos, St John's; - Duuning.Qjieonslund. An ordor for laying tho foundation stono of a churoh or ehapol had been ospociallj' printed for tlio c-eroinonj' and ivis opened by tho Bishop, tho choir, nu lor tho leadership of Mr. 1?, A. Packer, taking up tlio rospoimoi. After tho oponiug prayers and vorsielos tho Sill l'a ibu was dia'iitnd. Tho prayois following wore saitl bj' tho incmnbonl, tho Rov. V. II. Cox, and he was tbllovvad by tim Rev. It. It. Bromby. On tho locttttion of that portion ol' tho sorvico commencing " Dolinld' X lay in /ion a chief oornnr stono, &c;," tho box containing, tho coins, in- scription, newspapers, &a.;, was depositod in tho o-ivitj', tho.morlar was spread and the stono lqwarod. Tho Bishop thou advunco I towards tho Prineo, and slid, '-In tho namo of tho committoocharged with this work I now bog your Royal Highness to lay tho foundation stono of this building." His Royal Highness thon iu a clear voioo said, " lu tho faith of Joans 0'nri.st, wo placo this foundation stono in tho iiniiio of God iho leather, God tho Son, and God tho Holy Ghost. Amen." 1I.R.H. thontosted thostono with tho plummet, and fîiving three taps vvith the mallet declared it to bo well and ti lily laid. Tho troops then prosonto.1 arms, and tho Bishop continuad tho prayers ; thon advancino; to His Roj iii Highness his Imdship askrd porniission to nddross n fow words. This boing accorded tho llishop said ¡I was a high and becoming honor that Iho Eng- lish Church should havo received that locognition from Her J Tost Gracious Majesty tho (lacon in the poison ol' ono of her Roynl Sons. Ho lind simply now lo ask all tho friends of that great undoi taking, to soo to it. and to mako it .suro that Iho work which hil begun so well, should bo bl ought to a successful tctminiLijit Ho did not intoul to picnch i seimon 11 thom, but nu should claso tho duty of tho dnj bj giving thom ono soltlmj to\t It was the motto which was ougiavoii on tho aims of tho Duko of T linbiugh, fioin which His Rojul Highnoss douved Ins title .Those vv 01 da ha I boen be iiititiillj cngi av on on tho fonn hilton stono, and also upon tho tiovvel with which tho stono hld boon laid ¿VIM J)Jimmu I »vii« That was i tillo douved fiom ono of tho pnhns, md was vviitton bv the lovnl psalmist, and loi thou own Catho hal Chuieh, the} coull havo no moroappioputtomotto, HIVI Jimwnu futslui, except tho Lord build t)io houso then laboi is hut lost that bull 1 it, except tho Lord koop tho citj, tho watchman w ti oth but in v nu Ho ipponlcd to all truu church- men lo del np to tho sp rit of th it lu\t, und lo como loiw ud md nsstst in ¿ho co nplotio i of Hut church which lind boen bagun bo uisptcijuslj that di), to his non eonloinust hrothtou moimi, who felt thov coull without coiiip.oiutaing thetc punctples, assist in tho good woik, ho also nppclied foi htlp 'o i tu i uoblo sliiietiiio lo thr honor ol tho s uno Ciol, whom thov tllseivod Ho uppolied ospcui ill) to tho'jcottian Piesbj lou ins loi thou ussislaneo, uni lu hopol that thoj would all soo to it, th it It li li, who douved his tillo fiom tho niugmlicoiit capital of thou nativo counlij, would not bo biougbt into tho hiimili iting position ot soomg tho woik which lind boen bogan bj lumsolf in tho capital of liisinanut loft incompleto lo his Royal Highness himself ho could iimplv sij that tho piajors of nil, whatlioi of tho Chinch ot Englind, the Non confoimtot bodies, 01 tho bcolttsh Piosbjteitnns, would ascend to tho King ot Kings ni his bohnlt Thoj would pitj to Him in tho woids, th it ¿Viai Ihm uni Jin ¡'ni, th it mignillcont houso, that proud spotnncn cf Eurinilla skill and gloiv.thnt mngni ficont vessol now in oui w ttois might havo hoi sids filled with the gales Dt lloavou, lint iho would bo iblo soon to io trh thou fälltet lind m peaco und salotj, and Hint It R H hun,olf,-his mission binn g otitlod oncaith,-tnij lccoivothataiownwluohvvould bo duo to all those who tiiithtully tiilfillod thoa mission, andticto I luto lo thoso giant punciplos in windi His Rojal Highnoss hld boon bl ought up fiom ml incj , t1 it ho would leach thootoinilwmld, nul íoeeivo tho crown ot ovoilisting hlo His Loul ship now givo out tho bundi o 1th psalm, liietucnl v usion, which w is sung bj tltoehou tudpcoplo l'ho Yen Ai chdeacon D iv les thon s ml tho i oin mung col- lects, md it was uiiuouneod bj tho Inshnp that tho uhmc'ivv udous would stan lut Iho gatos to leeoivonnv afimloiv vv'noll might bo given liiolionodictiun was then pionouncod, and tho procoodiugs toinunntod Hi» Ki\ ii Iltghncoa m loluimng to tho stato cii liugo bow o I ticqiioutlj to tho lidies on tho stands, and to (ho ciovulvvho vvoiociiociiiigiuostonthiisiiali c illj 11 iv mg takon hu seat tho cam igo mov od oil down Mun iv ,tieot, vnlnlong Liverpool street to Cuvoiniuotil Houso lhosilvoi lionel was not piosonlul to His Roval Highnoss at tho »tonn, but waa loft to bo inspected bv tho lubes pie cut, ¡ml wes ptesonloil to His Rojal Highnoss it tho lov oo wit li tho ¡ii boss of tho Bishop in 1 clcigj TU13 LEVEE Tho In st lovoo held l>\ a member of tho llov ii 1 iiiiuh vv is, ot cotiise, an ovont of sulhctont unport inco to ¡ittiiict a htigoi ittond tuon (han his boen collertnlbv simtlai mooltiigs ot tho eoloiusts with tho oihnuilj dolomite I nipiosontnliics ol Hoi AKICJIV , and such m fict, povod to bo tlio ct»e lim io 11 lo Government lliusovv is kept hv abodv otspoeitl const ibles undfi tha oidmsot Mi Ohiot Disttiet Cnnstahlo Jones, an 1 a nuinbor ot tho legit 1 ti eon I ibh s of tho nu al police loirn porloimod a simdudutj nt tin onti men to tho vue i egal htidl nig In ft out of Iho pot tico ot tho kittel was iltivvn uplho mibtiiM ¡rultd of hnnoiconsisting ol 100 mon I it tho ¿r-Utli li"gim nt, undoi flu» e linm md of Oapt ^lnudoti, and Lioutcinnts 11 dy and Ohuiehvvnid Iho pt i-ions destious of pivmg thou losppcts to His Roj ii Uighuoss bogan to itssQtublo ouUida tho ca- trineo to Goierutnoiit Houso a considci iblo timo bofoi n the outoi doors w oi o opono 1 foi thon admis- sion to tho building, and whon tho ovpoetod poimisjion to ontoi was given tho ciowd waa snlh iiput to lill tho passages to tho locoption hull foi a timo to uieov enioneo Tho rocoptions took placo m tho b ill room, on a dais nt tho oxtiomttv ot which, facing tho gutloij', His Roval Highnoss took his stand for Iho occasion Tho otlicmls and othois pri vilogod with tho light ot piivuto cntioo had, of cottiso, tho liouoi ot puotitj of admission, and cot tam nddiossos, which will bo found spoci fled hoio umlot, woio piosonlod dining tho timo occupied in thou lntoiviovvs Most ot thoso who oii|ovoil tho advantage ot this oaily admission lomninotl ni tho audienco chninboi until tho attendants at tho gonot ii lencu weio poimittod to ontci tho npailmont.nnd those w ho dt 1 so occupied plnci s on tim dais in loai of His Rojal Hohnes anil suite Whon tho gonoinl lovoo commoncod His, Kojnl Highnoss ocouptcd aplaco in tho contre of tho dais, suppôt tod on hi« right hy Hin Etcnllen/jy the Governor, th/i Premiar (tbo Hen. air It. Dry), the Treasurer (líiq lion. 'S ,D. Chapman), IhcvSpoákpr of the House of As'semb^ ,(Dr. Ofiicoi), tho Bishop of Tasman! i (tho RigUJ TW, 'Dr. Bromby), and His Lordship's chaplain (tlie Kov. .H. B. Bromby). Im mediately, behind H.li.U.'s chair woro Lord Nsw-rj« aud the comiria,uóW'of itl.M.S. Galatea; and oil his loft th» Hpu."Eliot iVorko and Ills AVoralilp tho fcfayor of Hobart Town, ¡willi his chaplain and the Town Clerk. His Royal Highness woro the full dross uniform of a Captain in ¡tho Navy, Lord Novvry that of tho North Shropshire Yeomanry cavalry, and trto°Hon. Eliot Yorko ,nnd Lientonnnt Hain; .that of equerries. The Hen. Sir Richard Pry was, nttivod, iji foil court dress, and tho Öiahops o{ T^nmje, lind. ¡of Hobart Town respectively îq bçclçaiasticaL ¡costuma. ' Tho following gnntlomon woro ontitlpl to priyftfe' roooptlon, and were aocordlnirly prosonted by thja Prívalo Soprotary :-The Ofiicor Commanding the Troops, Major Vivian, II. St. 2-1,4th Rogimont; tji« Chiof Justice, ,Sir y. Floming ; thq Vuisno Jiulgo, ?Sir F. Smith; the members of \\\\\a Ministvy-^ityv Hon Sir R. Dry, Premier ; tho Bjon. T.D. Chapmnii, Treiisiiroi", apa tim lion'. Vf. L,. Dolwon, Attorneyr Gonoriil ; tho Bishop of Tasmania, tho Right Itev, Charles Henry Bromby, D.D., attended by his oljjup ? lain tho Rov. II. Biomhy ; tho Bishop of tho Church, of Itamo, tho Right Rev. Daniel Murphy, D. Pu attondodby'his chaplain tho P.ov. Mr. Boecb,in tho ProsidontoflhoAVesloyau Conforanco. Rev. W. A. Quick ; the President of tho Lo2islnti'vo Çnunojl, tho hon. AV.E. Xnirp; tho Usher of tbo BlackRod,E. Abbott, Esq. ; ox-mambars of tho Logislntivq Conseil, upon whom the titlo of honorable has boqn con- ferred '.-The lion. $. Whyte ; \\\\\n Hon. 0. Meredith/, tho Spoakor of the Houso of Assembly, the him,. R. Officer; ox- Speaker of the House pf Assembly,, O.ipt.-iin Foptpii ; Iho Ôflir-cr Cniniiinndjncr the \\-Vfl Rogimnnt, ^(ajor Movrnck ; the Oftlcqi' Commanding: Royal Hnginepr.3, Ciptnin AVarrou ; Ai'cliitanpqn; tho AVnovaliln G. Hunter ; A'icar-Gênorol tho Ypjy Rov. AV. J. Dunno ; Olllcor Commanding Volunteers, Captain Tailotim ; Soninr Commissariat Oû^çeft A. C. C1. Bartlett ; tho Splicitor-Gonotal, % P. Adams, Esq. ; the Colonial Auditor, 'E- J- Manley, Esq. ; tho Cominissinnor of Crown Lands, J. E, Calder, Esq. ; tho Collector of Customs, Ilabirfc Town, T."T. Watt, Esq. ; tho Registrar of, the. Supromo Court, li. J. Buckland, Esq. ; the Mayor qf Hobart Town, tho bon. J. M. Wilson, Esq. ; the Inspoctor of Polico, J. Forstor, Esq. ; tho In- spector of Schools, T. Stephans, Esq., M.A., O-van. ; Atajor Lloyd, W. S. Sharland, Esq., ,T. Dunn, Esq., J. Barnard, Esq., Colonel Crawford, tho lion. M. Isaacs, Solloitor-General New South AValcs ; and T. Horno, Esq. , . The following is a list of the attendants at the general levee: BOV.IH.JAV. Adams, Uev.B. P. A-lams, Dr. Agnew. Messrs. Allpurt. J. Allon, Attvvool, Al. Allpnrt, K. Athm-ton, H. Allon, R. T. Altwiight, J. Abbott, ,T. Amos, G. P. Adams. Di-, Brooke, llov. J. R. auckland, (Chaplaiii te the Right AVorshipful tho Mayor), Rev. C. J. Braiuninll, ltov. N. Bennett, Alderman Belbin, Messrs. Brent, F. Browne, J. MoC. Browne, c7 Butler. H. li. Brent, AV. B.iles, F. Butler, A. H. Bisdee, C. Binnison, Best, H. B. Best, ,T. J. Butler, R. S.'Bright, A. A. Butler, AV. Barnett, H. Bivniiiil, J. Bett, J. It. Bateman, jun., H. S. Barrott, BeUtead, A. P. Buck, AV. Al. Bromby, E. H. Buttai-, G. Bateman, H. Butler, J. B. Blyth, E. AV. Boothman, H. Boyes, G. Browne, J. Bisdee, A. Bur- bury, P. F. Q. Bury, S. Bivu-ett, 1. Bindoo, H. Bilton, Colonel AV. Bell (l.iteOSth Regiment.) Rov. G. Clarke, Rev. F. U. Cox, Rev. R. O. Cook, Dr. ' Coverdale, Alderman Cook, Alderman Crisp, Atessis. J. AV. Campbell, T. J. Crouch (Under Sheriff); E. A. Chalmers, G. Chapman,!. P. Cowle, T. P. Cowle, jan., E. A. Cartwright, N. Chevalier (artist), C. F.1 Creswell, li. Cioshy, AV. Crosby, O. Crosby,- 0. 8. Cansilell, W. I,. Crowther, Ci-utteudoii, A Cninuluff, A. K. Chapman, Captain Chalmers, Lieut.-Col. J. Gathorne Caokstni (Madras Cavalry), Lioat. Calvert, ltov. A. Davenport, J. Doughty (Surgeon), Tiev. AV. II. Dunning, Messrs. B. Dickson, C, Dowdol}, Dunn, C. Degraves, J. Degraves, F. Diuiuott, It. A. Dixon, 0, Dos Arum-c, H. Dobson, J. Davie3, J. G. Doyles, IL Dawson, Dandi i-lgo, F. S. Dobson, It, L. Davies, AV. H. Dawson. Rev. Oooi-¿o Eastman, Dr. James Eckford, Messrs. J. Hdgoombo, AV. G. Hillston, D. F. Evans, 0. Elliston, H. Evans, H. D'Euuleii, At. Evans, T. Jf. Evans. Mijnr Fininiii^, CaptainFoil-Hough (14th liegt.), lier. E. Freeman, Aidai mau the lion. 1'. O. Fysh, ALU)., Me-ara. Fletohor (D CO.), Iteheit Fitz¡jei-alil, E. M Fisher, Flexiiian1, .1. Flaxmill a. Fiel. J. Foot, C J^. Fletcher, Gcoigo Fletcher, AV. It. Falconer, Oscar Flex; moi e, Finlay, Frederick L. Fysh, J. Fnoy, Rev. J. Al. (¡oldioieh, Rev. T. Gellibrand, Rev. V. Guler, Aldonniin Green, Messr.s. Tims. Gibihi, Edward Giblin, Rtihort William Giblin, AVilllnm Robert Gib- lin, T. Goriiuge, Nigel Givsley, flniham. R. G. Gray, J. W. Gill, .Tamos A. Gunn, Challes Gould. Air. L. Kirkpitriok Howat (14th Regt.), Rev. R. 1Ï. Harris, Rev. F. Iludspoth, Dr. Swarbreck Hall, Mr. Theodora Hanlon (brisbane), Monars. H. Hunter. A. Huybors, J. Harrison, H. Hopkin», jim., A.Hopkin«, L. Hill, C. AV. Hall. H. Hopkins, AV. S. Hammond, V. AV. Hookey, Hull, S. T. Hardinge, Hinsby, E. Howard. Roy. S. Ironside, Air. A. Ireland, Doctor Jobson, (Medical Stall-), Afessi-3. T. C. Just, and Algernon Burdett Jones. Kov. H. Konuedy, Messrs. A. Kennerloy, M.L.C., G. A. Kemp, G. AV. Keach, J. Kelsh, AV. Kent, B. V. Kei mode, AV. A. Kormode, and Kirwan. Commander Langdon (R.N.), M.L.O., T. V. Loves, M.L.C, Rev. J. Stanley bow. AUssra, ii. D. Lo.il, G. A. Lloyd.L. AV. Langloy, G. F. Lovett, W. E. Lewin, rhOii» Lovy, F. Lipscombe, Alex. Landale', Nell Lewis, JamÇ-1 Lord, J. AV. Lord, David Lewis, Hlnieon Lord, John, Lord, AV. Lovett, AV. (J. Lomprieie. Rev. AV. AV. F. Murray, Rev. li. McOIe.m (M.A), Rev. K. 0. Marum, Captain Morgan (Mth liegt.), G. A. Aluce, J. 0. Since, J Alei-edith, W. V. Morriss, 0. M. Maxwell, Afol'hor.son, ,1. A. Morrison, AIcNnushtan, .T. Murdneh. F. Mace, .1. Alilwitnl, .T. A. 3loore, AlcIntjTe, J. Alilwanl, jim., Maclannohan, E. Aüdwooil, W. I Aluriuy, Mnnlng, AV. Murray, 1. O. 0. McArdell, T. H. Magrath, Macdowell, P. Maokay, E. 0. Martin. I Rev. E. AV. Nye, Alésais. E. Nairn, R. AV. Nutt, G, It. Napier. * I Captain Og'dvy, Lieut O'Boylo (Ar.A.) Rev. Dr. Parsons, Messrs. Algernon Pngo, Frederick Augustus Packer John E Iwnrd Packer, Richard Prap. sting, T. E. Priest, .Tosiali 0. Pratt, Perry, R. Pillcnger, Henrv J.Poters, S. Page, Thomas Parker, Joseph Penny, Alfred Pago, Alfred 0. Pratt, Pratt, E. Penny. Boy. W. O. ltohinsou, Mossrs. J. Roberts, AV. Rout,. L. Roope, A. Reid, C. Ronlier, A. Reid, R. J. Ramsden, Ralfo, J. E. Risby. Rev. T. Stansfield, G. Banks Smith, E. Symond, J. It. Smales, J. AV. Simmons, C. Simson, J. Stör)», Alderman Hiniu-t, Mr. J. Smith (Parliamentary Library, Victoria), AIoHsis. AV. Sibley, J Suthoilaiid, AV. K. Smith, G. Silier. J. .Solomon, Loo Stismnii, F. E. B. Steele, P. Snnth, B. T.Jiolly, A.Swnn, C. It. Similes, L D 'swan, 11 bcott, S bcutt A. annies, A.Spurling, 13 "Shaw, U Shovolbnttom, L bhoobudge, jua., F. Sihei, J 1, SihcijMl P Small, 1 Swm, ,T Lyn*, bim v, 13 bbuobuilgc, H L Smith, J It Scott, ÍK bheelij, D Slimlcll Mi r r I toiip, DJVC Cr, Messrs C Toby, J. C. lohn in f tuiulnili, Heiti) 'tonkin Mi T W Vicaij C ipt un Wilson (1 Uli liegt ), Kev It Wilson, 1Í6V. A T Webb Kev (., Wught, It v A W.ijn, Rev G. M Wilson, Mi Alderman Wnlkoi, Mcssis Walter, H M right, J H 35 Walch, I Wmtei, W I Winter, H IV llkuiäon, 1 H Wise, T Withnngton, G Wilson, I Wught,S Wuiht P \\\ estbrooV., G 0 Westbrook, A G Webitoi, C Wileh, V lutcomb, T F Waltham, W Woolhouse, 1 1 Wnlkoi, P J WiniLsoi, W. Wmdsoi, (r B Wuglit, Wilpolo Mcssis Russell Young (bohottoi to theCoiporntion), Tainos Young, L Ivv ml Young, Coglan Yates (G C L.) pitEsrxr vrioy or ADDRPSSES Dining tho pnv tto lacoplions tho following ail* diesios woio piesontod - 'Ina Ltotii mvEOou\cir Presented by tho 1'iesideiit, the Hun W E Nairn "ToCnptaiu Illa Uojal Highnoss Vlf i o I Pi nest VIberi. Pi mee of tho United Kingdom of Gi e it Bl itnin anti Ii uland, Dukj of Sixouv, Duko of Eliiibuigh, tin( of Kent, Knight of tho Most JS'oblo Ouloi of tho Guloi, &e; " M iv it pienso v mu Roval Hollins», "We, liol Ahjestj ¡> loval and faithful s ibjects tlio Monmot a of tho ] io,isinltv o Connell of Tismnmn, m Piuhanioiit assembled, bog leave lo oftoi to \otir Roml li toliness u i capeelf ul mid he li ty wok omu to mu shorn». " \Va lejoicont being embie I I» lonou, in tho pre sonco of join Royal lli0hnow, thuso evpiiissiitrj.i n( devotion mid loyalty to the Cl inn in 1 poison of vnur lllusti HUM mothoi vv Inch vv o h vv o lutlu i lo only benn poiiliittod ti convej thiough tho olieinl mcdiuin of tv bectetmy of Stite, " In vom Kojnl Ilt^hnesi's profession -fur overassn c atcd us it is vvith Ino gloiv mid ¿ii utilosa of tho ilritwh Empiio-wo mo print to IHO0IIIKO niiochu proof of llei M ijuslv's gracious co isuleratinn foi tho national pi tdilei linns of liol in opie, and in vnui Uoj ii Higti iniiWs visit to tin Maioslj s Australian possessions vu« tuogiatcfiil!} io ninda I of thodiop iiituustnt all tu(w* oxhibttel in the piospoutv nnd pmgtess of tho llrtúaU Culoul ii Rinphu bj vom lito lllustiious mil lamented fattiei Regniditia tho Ciovv n ns A limul of «mon vvlvjeb. li.ibis tho Em netogothci lu ono Immonintis whole, wa hail tho piosjnoo of jour Roval lli"hni«n m tasmania as ii tilting (ij)iiiirtunitj foi m iiiifeiting our ittnchmoilf to thu iiiou utilij and institutions of On at Btitaui, vvhilt» wo onoBifullv nueept it tis un nssni- iuco that nur claim» upon tho «vmpiUiy uiul piot etmn of tim mother i muli v continu* to bo iciognisod bj tho js>vei(>i0n unll Govoitinieut of the l.inpue ''Wo littst joui Rojal íliijlincss will la) cnibtedtrt îeein lo vmu visit to lisiiiuiui with a plonäurab)» locolliielion of tho iilTuetionnle lovnltv of its people, nail to bun Usthnouj to theil smcoie and ilqioted attach- ment to tho Ultimo und parson of our Iwlov ed Sovereign. " \\\ o desire 11 ussute \otti Ruval Highness thu von will i inj with jon fiom Pnsnvima the heartfelt pia) eis of tho people tint van nun bo long spared to assist the louneils i-f the Cum n, niiildo'ond if need lie, tho gi» it objects of oui i minnon allogt uire " \\\ P JJ MUN, I'tesulont. "Legislativo Council, IVisminti, " i lobait fuwn, Vth fnuuuij, ll?t»3 "1, O Kovvell, " Cleik of tho Logislntiv o Couucil " UOLSE oi Assuror \ Proseated by the Speaker, tho Hou It Offleor To Hu lim al Hi; mu I'rin ij Ylfral Oneil Albert. D iko of lüuibiugh, Duko of Snvony, Prince of S,i\o Coburg nnd Ootha, Kuight of tho vlo»t Noblo Oi lei of the Garton, .v.o. " We, Hoi Mnjostv's most dutiful mid loyal subject», tho Mumbel* of lue Houso of Assomblv of tho Parlait ment of I'usinnnui, dusuo to approach jour Kny4l Highnoss with tlio suiioio ovprcssiou of our honrtv cony itulatiotls upon youl safe ni uval in this colonv ' Wo no eveoodtuglv [Jail °f 'his oppoituiuty of awning)out Roval Higluiuis, as n son ot our beloved Quuon, that our lomotonois from tho advantage» and atttaetioiisuf otu mothoi land has in no mcisuro dlmni tshud thu stiong feelings of attachment and loyalty which wo havo uvoi ontoitiiinoil towards llor Alo»! Oiacioits Vlajcslj's poison and throuo " We hail with great satisfaction your Royal High- ness's connection with that arm of Her Majesty's servlce which has always been the pride and glory of the nation ; and we rejoice at having the privilege of giving your Royal Highness a most cordial welcome to Tasmania. "R. OFFICER, Speaker. " House of Assembly, Tasmania, " Hobart Town, 7th January, 1868. " H. M. hull, " Clerk of Houso of Assembly." No reply to either of these addresses has reached us. Tho addresses presonted after the levee will bo found at the closo of our report of tho Prince's visit. THE ANNUAL REGATTA. The twenty-eighth anniversary regatta, celobrating the foundation of tho colony of Tasmania, was hold on Thursday, January the Oth, in prcsenco of His Hoyal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh, and under tho immediate patronage of His Excellency the Governor. Rogat.'n day is generally recog- nised as a gala by tho inhabitants ol' Hobart Town, but Macquarh Point never presented so gay an appearance as it did on this occasion. Apart from the extra giandeur of the preparations, an unbounded enthusiasm pervaded the dense crowd of spectators, and contributed an unwonted amount of animation to tbo scene. At a very oarly hour of the morning the streets woro olivo with pleasure seekers all arrayed in holiday ottiro, and bound for a day's onjoymont. The weather was unsettled and threatening, and the heavy clouds which shrouded tho sky foreboded rain, but, as a Scotchman might put it, there was " as muckle bluo in tho sky as wad mak a Highlandmnn a pair o' brooks," and so a gonoral resolvo_ to " risk it" seemed to have been arrived at. As nino o'clock approached the wharves teemed with a brilliant assemblage congregated to witness the starting of the flotilla, and that portion of the business of the day having boon disposed of to ovory body's satisfaction, a general rush was made for the domain. Gradually the. town poured forth its merry groups, until about 11 o'clock, when at least 10,000 persons must havo been congregated on Macquarie Point. It was a pleasing sight to witness from, the rising ground at the back of the Queen's Battery, that eager rush of busy lifo from all the leading arteries of our usually quiet city. On they carno along tho domain road, and across the cricket ground, in picturesque groups, ortrudgingthroughthe road lead- ing from Liverpool-street. Cubs and carrloges.and dog carts, and chaise carts innumerable followed each other in quick succession, all laden with eager pleasure seekers, radiant with smiling happy faces. I love to gozo on smiling faces, Glancing merrily mirth and glen, Of all creations, charms, or graces, A happy, smiling faco for me. Arrived on tho ground all arrangements seemed to bo perfect for a thorough day's enjoyment. Picnic parties were settling down on the outskirts of the ground used by the committeo, bont upon al ?renca pleasures under the shade of the glori- ous old gum trees. Those who aimed at greater things had their private tents erected, some on the extremity of the Point, others behind tho general assembly, undor the fence of tho ship yards, ready te disponso thoir warm hospitality to all comers. Between tbo two groups were tho arrango monts for the general public ; and, foremost among ali tho new pavilion capable of accommodating about SOO spectators. Surrounding the pavilion was a handsome facia board und moulding, and above all an ornamental parapot. At the right hand cornor a fine flagstaff had been orected, on which tho British merchant ensign flouted during the day. In the centre of tho pavilion a considerable space had boon railed off, carpotod, and hung wilh blue damask curtains. This was designed to receive the Royal party. Tho box was furnished with a handsome ottoman and easy chairs, for tho accom- modation of H.K.I1. tho Duke of Edinburgh nnd Buite, and chairs woro also placed for private gentlo mon enjoying the entree. Tho stand was well filled with ladies by half-past 10 o'clock. To the right of the grand stand a tont was provided for the volunteer band, which was present, and performed during the day undcrtholcodorship of Mr. AV. Thomas, band master. To the right of the band tent, on its old site, stood a very commodious committeo booth, fray wilh flags, and bearing ovor the main entronco a landsome devico in ovorgrcons and flowers, and a ?ign-board which announced the catoror to bo Mr. Cowburn, of the Black Prince Hotel, Elizabeth-street. Tho arrangements made hore woro vory completo, and Mr. Cowburn's efforts to pienso appear te have wot with very general approbation. There woro no other booths on this side of the ground. On the hill behind the grand stand woro arrungod the publicans' booths, and these seemed ono and all to bo well patronised. There woro seven in all, and thoy wore opon in tho following ordor :-No. 1, Sir Goorgo Arthur Hotel, Mrs. Scrocn; No. 2, AVhito Conduit House, Mr. Soten ; No. 3, Union Hotel, Mrs. Carver ; No. 4, Bath Arms, C. Read ; No. fl, Mr. Bozett ; No. 6, tho Bull's Head ; No. 7, nit or Miss, Mr. Charles Bozott. From tho ond of tho Uno of publicans' booths a row of refreshment tents strotchod towards | tho river, fronting the pavilion in tho following order :-No. 1, AV. Chntloy ; No. 2, Mary Evorost ; No. 3, 0. Booth ; No. 4, H. Oliver ; No. 5, Haywood and Sons, In tho domain bohind tho refresh- ment stalls, the revolving circus establishments of Mossrs. Warran and Seton, nnd King and Co., woro oreoted sido by side, their organs and drums maintaining throughout the day a glorious discord, only equallod by tho gongs and tom-toms of a Chinese encumpmont. Both circuios woro, howovor, well patronised by tho juvonilos, who "turned and turned and still wont on, and turned again" from early morning until d»sk. At about half-past ten o'clock, a guard of honor composed of 100 men of the 2-14th Regiment, undor the command of Captain AVIlson, with Lioutcnants Daly and Churchward as subalterns, arrivod on tho ground, and took upa posi- tion to the loft of tho grand stand, the line extending ? towards the river. All was now in readiness to íeceive H.R.H. tho Duke of Edinburgh,and although the programme was being regularly proceeded with, it was ovldont that littlo real interest was takon in it. Tho members of tho committeo woro flying about in a state of restless oxcitcmont, and tho spoctntors.unxi ous te obtain a good view of tho Prince, formed a lnno .from tho rear of the battery to tho ontrajioo of tho pavil- ion. The polico arrangements were undor the general supervision of Afr. Inspector Forster, Mr. C.D.C. Jones being in immediate charge. Tho force furnished was thirty-two mon, and this was equally divided botweon the city and district police. THE FLOTILLA. Tho aquatic procession was declared by many competent judges to have beon^a vory successful thing. The boats bogan to muster at the Franklin AVharf shortly bofore nino o'clook, and thoy woro thoro placed undor the orders of the active and zoalous marshal, Mr. James Johnston. Thoro wore about thirty ' boats in all in the procession, but a vost numbor of crafts of various descriptions flanked tbo line, contributing to maka up a very pretty scone. Tho order of procession was somewhat as follows ;-First carno the five-oared whalaboats ; next the four-oared whaleboats ; thon tho youtlis' boats, tho dingios, and the skiffs. Thon carno a boat convoying Her Majesty's ministers and tho' membors of committee ; this wits 0. Dillon's woll-known picnic boat Admiral, and sha was, as usual, manned and trimmed out in first class stylo. A boat convoying His Worship tho JIayorand Aldormon followed, thon tho Master Warden and members of tho Marine Boord,and lastly tho band. The steamer Cobro brought up the roar. Tho flotilla had a very boautlful appearance vvhon fairly undor way. Tho marshal's boat took tbo load, and gavo tho course round H.M.S.S. Galatea, on passing which tho crow gavo throo hearty cheers, which woro roturnod from the flotilla. Tho procession roochod tho jetty at the domain about ten o'clook, when tho flag was run up, and tho signal gun firod for tho commencement of tho Bports of tho ¡Jay. H.R.H. THE DUKE OF EDINBURGH. It had been announced that H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh would arrive on the ground at eleven o'clock, but, as stated above, he was not punctual, it being ten minutes to twelve o'clock before his approach was announced. At this time there were present at the entrance to the grand stand, waiting to receive him, the following gentlemen :-- The Hon. Sir Richard Dry, Knight, Premier, the Hon. the Attorney-General, the Hon. the Treasurer, the Hon. J. M. Wilson, Esq., M.L.C. the Hon. P. O. Fysh, Esq., M.L.C., the Hon. James White, Esq. M.L.C., J. Davies, Esq., M.H.A., D. Lewis, Esq., M.H.A., John Lord,Esq., M.H.A., and the following members of the executive committee of the regatta:--The chairman, C. Colvin, Esq. ; Secretary, J. W. Gill, Esq. ; Capts. G. A. Lulham and R. Thomp- son, Judges ; Messrs. J. Risby. Charles Dowdell, Capt. Chamberlain, Messrs. O'Boyle, M. Browne, C. Perry, Douglas, Mr. Alderman Cook, M. Sheehy, Mr. Alderman Green, Mr. Wilkinson, Town Clerk. On the steps of the pavilion stood the last represent- atives of the aboriginal race of Tasmania, King Billy, and the old woman, Truganini. Mr. Dandridge, their protector, was present with them. His Royal Highness was on horseback, and wore a brown shooting coat, light trousers, and a black felt hat, with a low round crown, and a pink band. He was accompanied by His Excellency the Governor, Lord Newry, the Hon. Eliot Yorke, Mr. Brierly, Mr. Haig, and Captain Steward, and followed by an orderly and a livery servant. On passing the battery the Artillery stationed there fired a Royal salute, the troops presented arms, and the band played the National Anthom, the crowd cheering most enthusiastically. His Royal Highness acknow- ledged the cheers of the people by frequently lifting his hat. His Royal HIghnoss then proceeded to the place assigned for him in the pavilion, accompanied by the members of his party, by the members of the ministry, the hon. J. M Wilson, and a few friends. On the conclusion of the match with the crew from the Galatea, about 1 o'clock, His Royal Ilighness retired from the pavilion, mounted his horse, and, with his suite, rode from the ground, taking the same route as that by which he arrived. On leaving His Royal Highness was again most enthusiastically cheered. THE LUNCHEON. . At two o'clock tho committeo procoodod to the luncheon tent at tho book of tho committeo booth, whore host Cowburu lind provided a most sumptuous dejeuner, which was highly acceptable after the I bracing air of tho forenoon. At the end of the tent a large picture of the arms of Eden- I burgh with tho stars of tho garter and thistle wcro displayed. Justice having boon dono to tho oxcollont provision of mino host, Mr. Charlos Colvin took tho chair, and proposed tho health of the Queen which was drunk with much enthusiasm. Band : " National Anthem." Mr. COLVIN- then gave the health of the Prince of Wales and the rest of tbo^ Royal Family. Drunk with honors. Band: " Rule Britannia." The next toast was Our Illustrious Visitor. Drunk with groat enthusiasm. Band : " What's all the steer, Kimmer ?" Toast: His Excellency tho Governor. Drunk with loud choors. Band : " He's ajolly good fellow." Tho army, navy, and volunteers. Drunk with honors. Band : " Rod, white, and blue." Captain TARLETON- responded. Mr. Alderman SMART gave tho health of Mrs. Gore Browne and the ladies of Tasmania. Band ; " Hera's a health." Mr. J. W. GILL responded. The Hon. TREASURER proposed the health of the judges and umpires. Drunk with cheers. Band : " Thoy are jolly good follows." Captain THOMPSON returned thanks on behalf of the judges and umpires. The honorablo J. M. WILSON proposed the health of the members of the Executive Committee. Drunk with loud cheers. Band: " They are jolly good fellows." Mr. COLVIN* returned thanks. Mr. 0. DownBLL also responded. Tho Hon. P. 0. Fvsii, Esq., proposed the health of the honorary treasurer and secretary. Mr. RISBY, as treasurer, responded to the first part of the toast. Mr. GILL also responded as secretary. Captain THOMPSON* proposed the health of the chairman, which was received with great cheering, and responded toby Mr. COLVIN. The committee then returned to the ground, where tho programme was resumed. PULLING RACES. The judges and umpire having taken their posi- tion in the judges' stand shortly after ton o'clock, the gun notifying that preparation should commence for the first raco was fired, and the distinguishing flag of the race having boon run up, tho pulling races commenced. ALEXANDRA PRIZE-To bo contended for by amateurs employed in public or private offices, or mercantile assistants, pulling single-handed, in Skiffs. To start from Macquarie Point round a boat moored off Pavilion Point, and back to place of starting. Prize, £10. ViBion ; block.gold streak ; flag, blue, red border, white fringe, name in centre., (T. Turnor) 1 Midge; black, yellow streak; flag, red, white, and blue.(A. Horbortson) 2 Socret ; black,gold ribbon ; flag, pink,white fringe .(F. Archer) S Will-if-I-can ; blue ; flag, blue.... (VV. B. Jones) 0 Much interest was attached to this, the oponing race of the day, and, as bad boon anticipated, a very fair race ensued between tho boats which continued the contest throughout the whole course, Will-if-I Can giving up shortly after leaving the warp-lino. Vision, Midge, and Socret pulled well away togothor, Vision shortly afterwards taking tho lead, which sho maintained throughout, passing tho buoy boat off Pavilion Point first, followed by Secret and Midge, Vision keeping tho lead all the way down.and coming in an easy winnor, neither of the othor boats pulling up to tho starting line. Tho winnor was curried up to the stand in the usual Biylo. In presonting this prize, Sir R. Dry said that ho had great plcasuro in presenting the purse to Mr. Turnor, moro especially as it was tho first which had been won at tho prosont regatta. It was besides a momorable occasion on account of the presence of His Royal Highness tho Duke of Edinburgh. Mr. Turnor returned thanks, and called for thrco cheers for Sir R. Dry, which was heartily re- sponded to. AMATEUR SCULLBUS-To bo pulled in skiffs not ex- ceeding l8 feet. Course as for first race. First prize, £8. Second prize, £4. Vivid ; varnish ; flag, pink, blue border .(James Lynch) 1 Vision ; black, gold band ; flag, blue, blue border, white fringe.(J. Dawson) 2 Shamrock ; yellow, red ribbon ; flag, green, gilt harp in contre .(Charles Evans) 0 Midge ; black, yellow streak ; flag, blue, yellow bordor.(G. Whitehouse) 0 All the boats entered for this race carno up to tho line, and started well together, Whitehouse in the Midge slightly loading, but just beforo roaching the buoy boat tho Vivid flashed by her, taking the load and rounding tho buoy much in advanco of all the othor boats, winning easily, the Vision pulling up well for second, tho Shamrock following, and the Midge giving up just before reaching the flagship. Un tee winner Being earned to tbo stand, The bon. T. D. Chapman said ho believed that it was the fourth year in which he (Lynch) had won this race, and ho had great pleasure in handing tho prize to him. He congratulated him on his success, and trusted ho might bo equally fortunato on future occasions. Lynoh said that ho was very proud to havo won the prizo, and thanked him (Mr. Chapman) for pre- senting it. He bogged to call for three choors for Air. Chapman. The call was responded to heartily. The hon. Mr. Dobson said that ho had great ploasuro in presenting the second prize to Dawson. Thoy could not all win tho first prize, but ho hoped ho would be moro successful on a future occasion. Dawson thanked, and called for three cheers, which woro responded to. SKIFFS.-Not exceeding l8 feot, to be pulled by two youths and a steoror, all under 16 years of ago. Courso as in first raco. First prize, £8. Second prizo, £4. Third prize, £2. Fourth prize, £1. Ins ; varnish, black bottom ; flag, blue, name in centro and.anchor.(R. N. Lewis) 1 Galatea ; black ; flag, white, gold fringe, blue ball in centre.(AV. Turnor) 2 Eva ; blue, buick bottom ; flag, bine, blue {ringo, name in centro, and largo anchvr (J. O. Thomas) 3 Susy ; varnish, bluo streak, black bottom ; flag, .bluo, white fringo, name in centre (J. Johnson) 4 Violet ; bluo, yellow streak ; flag, blue, white fringo..-... (H. T. Mooro) 0 Vision ; black, red and yellow streak ; flag, blue, white fringo.(J. W. Warner) 0 Fairy Chiof; black bottom.varnish top sides ; flag, blue, white fringo.(E. Coloman) 0 Lightning ; blue, black bottom ; flag, blue, white fringe, name and anchor in centre..(A. Turnor) 0 Forgot-mo-not ; pink bottom, bluo top ; flag, white, bluo fringo, star in contro(W. Paterson) 0 AVherc-aro-we-now ; black,white streak ; flag dark pink, white border.(E. Tarleton) 0 As the preparation gun was flrod, and thoyollovv dis- tinguishing flag was hoisted, the busy crows hastened te their pot boots, and a competition onsuod remark- able for the spirit and energy with which it was carried out. All the boats entered put in an appanranco nt tho flagship warp,and a splendid Btart was effected. Shortly after the boats got away tho Iris took the lead at a racing paco, closely followed by the Susy, the latter named boat promising well for a short time, when tho Susy, which had managed thus far to maintain second place, was overhauled by tho Galatea. Just proviens to this the Violet and Forget me-not foulod, but quickly cleared, and again tho race was continued at good speed. Tho Pavilion Point buoy was just rounded by tho Iris, Galatea second, the succeeding boats being pretty well togethor. Two or three of the boats carno foul of tho buoy flag, but quickly freed themselvos from its entanglumonts, and Iris was again seen to take her placo "to tho fore," nnd continued the lead to the llugship.darting over the warp Uno about throo boats' longth in advuncooftho second boat, the Galatea, tho latter boat racing well, with tho Eva for second place, tho Susy pulling woll for third placo. Tho Evo.how ever, though failing to take tho second place, taking caro to toko up tho third, Susy coming in noxt, the Fairy Chiof following hor, Vision and Violet being noxt in tbo order in which thoy oro named. Tho wlnnor and his boat woro carried up to tho stand, and Tho Alayor said ho had great ploasuro in present- ing this prize to Alastor Lowis, as he had been so successful in winning it. Tho race had boen well contested throughout, and the winners had shown skill as well as endurance Nnturo had given them a beautiful river, and ho was glad to find so many of the youths of tho city occupy their time in so health- ful a recreation. Ho now begged to hand the prize to tho winner. Lowis roturned thanks, and callod for throe choors for His Royal Highness Princo Alfred. Tho responso was a round of cheorlng which lasted several minntes, and His Royal Highness acknow- ledged it by taking off his hat and bowing repeatedly. Tho Mayor said he was glad Turnor had come in second, and ho congratulated hlai on his success, and hopod ho would do botter noxt year. In presenting tho third prizo to Thomas, the Alayor said ho hopod ho would do his boat to win tho first on tho noxt occasion. On the coxswain of tho fourth boat presenting lumsolf, tho Alayor handad tho prizo to him, aud said although last now, ho hoped ha would bo first anothor timo. MATCH.-By permission of H. R. 11. the Duke of Edinburgh.-Between a crow of H.M.S. Galatea and a Tasmanian crow, pulling in o-oared whale bouts fit for whaling purposes, not oxcooding 33ft. in length over nil, and not less than 5 foot beam. Courso as for Ladies' Purse. Prizo £20. Tasmanian» . 1 Galatea. 2 Tho committee placod at tho disposal of tho crew of tho Gidaten either of the whaleboats entered for the Tasman race whioh thoy might select, and tho coxswain of the Galatea's mun chose for thoir boat a five-oared whuloboat built by Chand- ler for a Huon crow, the Tasmanian crow select- ing a boat built by Morland. The crow in the boat to bo pulled by Tasmanians was mado up by two mon taken from tho boat Hore-wo-aro-again, entered to pull for tho Tasman prizo, two out of the Eucalyptus also entered for the Tasman race, and two from the five oared whaleboat Duke of Edinburgh, another entry for the Tasman prize, James Hopwood, of tho last named boat, officiating in tho present match as steer-oar. The itartinur gun being fired the rival boato got »way well togother, and polled steadily up to tho buoy off Pavilion Point, the Tasmanian crow rounding tho buoy slightly in advance of tho mau-of-wur's-uion. With but little material alteration in their rospectivo positions the two boats carno down the courso from the upper buoy past the flagship, the lower buoy being rounded with the contending boats in the sumo order, the Tasmanian crew still maintaining a slight lead, and coming in an easy winner. Tho boat chosan by the crew from tho Galatea, it was remarked, was a heavior boat than that in which the Tasmanian crew pulled, and the man-of-war's-men wero at a further disadvantage from their not having been in full training, and from being thus suddenly called upon to compete in waters in which they havo not been accustomed to pull The winner accompanied by his crew came to tho grand stand, and His Boj-al Highness the Dake of Edinburgh saii : I have been requested to present this prize to you, and 1 have much pleasure in doing so. Mr. Hopwood said ho craved permission to make a few remarks. Although his crew had been fortunate enough to win the match they felt that there was not much credit duo to them. Their gallant opponents had been put into a boat without notice, and bad to pull with tools to which tboy were not accustomed. Ho wished most heartily that thoy might be moro successful the next time they competed in a match. Ho now called for three cheers for His Royal High- ness. A most enthusiastic response was made, which His Royal Highness acknowledged. SKIFF RACE-To bo contended for by amateurs em- ployed in public or privat o offices, or mercantile assistants, pulling single-handed in skiffs not ex- ceeding l8 feet. Courso as in first race. All winners of single-handed races to be oxcluded. First Prize, £7. Second Prizo. £3. Vision ; black,gold streak ; flag, blue, red border, white fringe.(W. B. Jones) 1 Vivid ; varnish ; flag, blue, silver border, name in centre.(C. Perry) 2 Ariel ; blue ; flag, blue.(D. Barclay} 3 Secret; blnok; flag, crimson.(H. Bailey) 0 Alfred; black, gold ribbon; flag, white, blue cross, scarlet fringe, namo in centre (F.Archor) o The skiffs having started well together, Jones in the Vision went nway with tho lead, Barclay in the Ariel, and Perry in the Vivid, fouling before they could get fairly away, in consequence of the Rose of Tasmantk, schooner, ontored for tho Bail- ing race for vessels not oxceoding 40 tons, having come to an anchor right in the way of the inshore pullers. After starting Bailey, in tho Secret, kopt close in shore, Archer, in tho Alfred, on tho othor hand, keoping well out. The Vision still kept tho lead to tho upper buoy, the Vivid and Ariel following pretty closely, the Socret about twenty yards behind Vivid. Vision, having passed first round tho buoy, kopt tho lead down, rapidly improving her distance from the second boat, and, the pulling being con- tinued at racing speed, carno in a winner by a con- siderable distance, the Vivid and Secret striving hard and making an excellent race for second, the Vivid finally passing tho warp line about two feot in ad- vance of the Secret, thus securing tho second place and prize. The winnor was carried up to the grand stand in his skiff. Mr. James Dunn presented the prize, and said he had much pleasure in doing so. He congratulated him on winning it, and hopod ho might be as suc- cessful on future occasions. Tho winnor returned thanks, and called for thrco cheers for the donor, which wero heartily responded to. The second prizo was also prosonted by Mr. Dunn, who congratulated the winnor, and hoped noxt time he would bo more successful. LADIES' PUIIBE-To bo contended for by amateurs employed in public or privnto offices, or mercantile assistants in four-oared boats. To start from Macquario Point,round a boat moored off Pavilion Point, thonco round a boat moored off Kangaroo Bluff, and back to the. place of starting. First Prizo, £2fl. Second Prize, £5. Enchantress ; varnish, blue top ; flag, white, blue border name in centro. Crew-F. W. Abbott, J. W. Perry, H. Best, L. Honn.(J. Kirk) 1 Zephyr; blue ; flag, pink.namo in centro Crew-R. J. Lucas, W. M. Purkiss, J. W. Dodd, W. Bock.(0. Thorns») 2 Violet; blue, black bottom; flag, blue, gold border, name in centre. Crew-J. Hibbott, T. Turner, T.Hogg, J. Witt....(J. B. Lodwell) 3 Iris; black ; flag,white ensign. Crew- H.Dinhnm, J. Ross, G. Bonson, D. Lewis (W. 0. Windsor) 4 Galatea ; varnish ; blue, white fringe border, name in contre. Crew-B. Morrison, .1. O'Boylo, 0\. Gaylor, H.Evans.(J. Burn) 0 All the boats entered carno up true to time, and a splendid start was offectad. Fairly off, J. Kirk in tho Enchantress took the lead, maintaining that position round the Pavilion Point buoy boat, J. Burn in tho Galatea getting round second boat, about half a length behind, the remaining boats following closely in hor wake. Just after rounding tho buoy the crow of tho Galatea gave in, pulling in shore, from tho circumstance of having just previous to starting bad tho mtsfortuno to break one of tho sculls, and now finding that the ono which they had been obliged at the momont to substitute for it was nearly three feot too long, its unfitncsB for use on tho prcsont occasion destroying every chance this crow had of coming in first boat. After rounding the uppor buoy boat tho Enchantress continued hor courso, still leading and increasing hor distanco,Lticas in tho Zophyr being noxt, Windsor in tho Iris pul- ling noxt after tho Zephyr,nnd Lodwell in tho Violet keeping close up to tho Iris. When just past tho flagship tho Iris and Violot fouled, but thoy soon cleared and then went away after the leading boats, Ímiling rapidly. Enchantress still maintained her ead all the courso down to the buoy boat moored off Kangaroo Bluff, and lound horsolf a long way ahead of tho other boats, tho Zophyr coming noxt, tho Violot, which had by this timo passed tho Iris, following the Zephyr, tho boats maintaining tho same relative positions at the closo of tho race, Enchantress, con- siderably ahead of tho othors, carrying off the well earned prizo. The winner having como to tho stand, Mrs. George Lovett snid sho had tho greatest pleasure in presenting this prize, and hoped ho might bo a winnor again. Coxswain Kirk said ho received tho prize with the greatest pleasure, and begged Mis Lovett m return to accept the flag which his boat carried in remem- brance of the honor she had conferred upon them Mrs Dowdell presented the second prize to Thomas and trusted that next year ho might be fortunate enough to win the first YOUTHS'RACE-For lads and apprentices undor IS j ears of ago pulling in four-oared whaleboats, not more than lo feet long Tho same course as for Ladies' Purso First Prize, £10 Second Pn¿o, £8 Third Prizo, Í4 Earl of Kont, varnish, flag, rod, white bordor, name in contro. (W H Yeoland) 1 Galatea, varnish, blnek bottom, blue and yellow streak, flag, bluo, white border, white ¡ringo, name in centre . ,, .., (S Jacobs) 2 Galatea, varnish, black bottom, flair, bluo, white border, namo in centre (D Howard) 3 Morning Light, varnish, block bottom, flag, bluo, white border, name m centre .(F Hull) 0 Fuwn , varnish, black bottom, bluo streak , flag, white, blue bordor .. (R AicGrogor) 0 In this race all tho boats started, and kopt well together to the upper buoy boat, when tho Huon crow, in tho Earl of Kont, bogan to draw ahead, rounding first, followed by tho Galatea, a new boat built by Morling for Jacobs, the Galatea, (Howard coxswain), next getting round, and Morning Light and Fawn following at some distinco In passing down bolow the flagship to the lovvor buoy the Euri of Kent still kept tho lead, increasing her distance from the noxt following boat, and it was ovidcnl that tho Earl of Kent had tho race all to herself The Earl rounded the buoy still first, maintaining tho same position to the close, the Galatea (Jacobs) coming in second, the Galatea (Howard) third, and Morning Light and Fawn a long distance bohind In this raco a protest was ontorod Ly R AicGrogor, coxswain of the Fawn, agtinst tho boats Ea.l of Kont, Galatea (1), and Galatea (2), on tho ground that tho pullers m thoso boats wero ovoi tho pro- scribed age A protest w is also entered by P Hull, coaswain of the Alorning Light, against the crow a of both the boats Galatea on the same ground of over ago of their respectivo crows, and tho prizes m this race were therofore hold over TASMAV PW/E-For five-oared whaleboats fit for whaling purposes, not oxcoeding 33 foot in length over all, and not loss than fivo feet beam Courso as foi Ladies' Purso First prizo, £25 Second prizo, £5 Duke of Edinburgh varnish, white, blue, jol low, and rod ribbon, flag, bluo, namo in contro, and white bordor ...(Jos Hopwood) I Hero-wo aro-again, varnish, flag, rod, \ ollow border, name in contra . (Henry Watson) 2 Eucaly ptus , vurmsh, flag, bluo, white star in centra, white bolder .(R Thorne, j un ) 0 Christabol, lead color, flag, white, red cross, rod bordor . . (J AV Perry) 0 This was a vory oxtellont raco, and was well con- tested throughout-tho wbolo distance, and tho pulling altogothor was a maikod improvement on any that has boen exhibited in connection with this i ice foi a considorablo period All tho boats got away well together with the oxccption of Christabel, and there was but httlo difforanco botwoou thom, until nearm¿ the uppor buoy boat when the Dalco of Edinbuigli took the lead, followed by the Huon ciovv m tho Hem-we are again, the Christabel having by this timo givoii up, having made a bad sturt, through not being up at the starting lino when the gun was filed Tho Eucaly ptus followed tlosoin tho wake of tho Hoi e w o-aro-again, and tho bouts maintained tho saino position in going round tho uppor buoy boat Tho boats wont down tho courso in tho samo order, when just altor passing tho flagship tbo Soroll crow, in the Eucaly ptus, bud tho misfortune to brook their stroko oar, whilst tho boat was in u good position, and of courso sho at onco gavo up tho race I'ho Duke of Ldinburgh maintained horloud round the lower buoy boat, in coming up, and carno in first, tho lloro-wu aro-aguin taking tho second pri/o On Hopwood coming te tho stand, Mr Risby said that he had great pleasure in pre- senting this prize. It was not the first he had won, and he hoped he would live to win a great many more. In roply, Hopwood said that ho had to roturn his thanks to Air Hodberg, who had, at Ins own oxponse, caused the boat which had won the pn/o to be built, and had thoroughly fitted her out, in order to beat the Huon crew. Mr. Montague Brovvno presented the socond prizo, and said ho beliovod that for tho hist two yoars thoy won the raco, and although thoy hud boen unsuccess- ful now ho hoped ' thoy would bo first again next year. AMATEURS-Palling in four-oarod whaloboats, not exceeding 25 feet in longth. Course as for Ladies' Purse. First prizo, £10. Second prize, £8. Third prizo, £4. Vision; black bottom, varnish topsides; flag, white, blue border.(William Bayos) 1 Galatea ; varnish, bluo, yellow, and red streak ; flag, bluo, white border, anchor in centre .(W.WhitehoiiBo) 2 Alfred ; varnish, black bottom ; flag, pink, white fringe.,, (Henry Grubb) 3 Zephyr ; varnish, black-bottom ; flag, blue, white border, white fringe.(S. Jacobs) 0 Tho boats pulling1 for this race had a beautiful start, and pulled hard-against each other up to the first buoy, tho Galatea very slightly in advance, the Vision second, and the other boats close up. Passing round tho .upper buoy, the Vision showed first, having succeeded in overhauling the Galatea, the Vision by the time she had passed the flagship being nearly eighty yards in advance of the following boats, the Alfred and Galatea coming next in order, and the latter again gaining ground. The Vision kopt the lend through- out the remainder of the race, Galatea coming in second and Alfred taking the third place. On the amateurs patting in an appearance, Mrs. Crowther presented tho prize to Bayes, and oxpressed the pleasure it gave hor to do so. Dr. Crowther presented tho second prize, con- gratulating them on winning it, and hoping thoy would do botter noxt year. Mrs. Marshall presented the third prize to Grubb, and said it afforded her great pleasure to do BO. WATEUMEN'S RACE. Thoro boing only two entries no Watermen's Race took place. DUCK HUNT.--Prize, £5. Duck........William Langford Bow Oarsman.....James Jolly After an amusing chase, which gave unlimited satisfaction to the youngsters present on the ground, the prize was awarded to bow-oar. The bow-oarsman came to the stand in his dripping clothes and shivering as he emerged from the water. With some little persuasion " Mrs. Truganini," the wife of " King Billy," the last of the aborigines, consonted to present the prize. " King Billy" then called for three cheers for the winners, three cheers for the Prince, and three cheers for the Queen. THE SAILING MATCHES. SAILING RACE-For sailing vessels with fixed keels, not exceeding 40 tons. To start from Macquario Point round the buoy boats moored off Pavilion Point and South Arm and back to place of starting. First prize, £15. Socond prize, £8. Rosa of Tasmania, schooner, 12 tons ; flag, red, white, and blue.(John Temple) 1 Favorite, cutter, 12 tons ; flag, rod, white, and blue .(John Cross) 2 Seagull, schoonor, 19 tons; flag, white (A Brown) 0 The Rose of Tasmania was tho first to get away, and in tho run to tho northward sho was tho first to round the flag-boat, the Favorite following closely. Passing the stand on tho courso to the southward, tho Seagull was quito out of tho race, having fallon dead to Iocward, and the contest was accordingly reduced to a match between tho lioso and tho Favorite. Both boats tacked off Thomas Point, and stood to tho eastward. In the next board tho schooner had be- yond all doubt secured tho weather guage, and the time on rounding the southermost flagbont was Rose of Tasmania, 2h. 2Cmin. ; Favorite, 2h. 35min. The wind both during the heating match down tho river, and on the run home was very variable in strength. Tho run homo offered no features wortfiy of remark, and at the finish tho' competitors showed in the fol- lowing order :-Rose of Tasmania, Ají. 2Gmin. ; Favorite, 3h. 37min. BARGES-Course as for sailing vessels under 15 tons. First prize, £25. Second prize, £10. Third prize, £5. May Queen; flag, red, white, and blue ..(Wm. Nichols) 1 Fleetwing ; flag, red, yellow cross (T. Hawkins) 2 Rose ; flag, red, white, and blue .... (J. Brittain) 3 Cathorine ; flag, blue and white.. (John Denehay) 0 Dashing Wave ; flag, white, red border . (H. F. Armstrong) 0 Alabama ; flag, red and blue.H. F. Cuthbert) 0 There was u fresh breozo from tho south-cast as tho boats got away,and a good start was effeeted.with the exception that the Alabama from somo causo,hung on to her moorings for a considerable lime after hor compotitors woro rapidly approaching tho flag boat off Pavilion Point. Tho Rose and May Queen rounded tho boat nearly abreast, and upon hauling their wind aftor doing so the former shnwod upon tho weathor quarter of the latter. Tho Quoon, however, soon drew ahead upon her smaller adver- sary, and almost abreast of tho judges' box, passed hor on the weathor boam. Tho Fleotwing was at this timo third, the Dashing AVnvo fourth, with tho Catherine slightly on hor weathor quarter. After rounding tho flag-boat off Pavilion Point tho boats, uko those in the previous raco, reached in their first board nearly as far down as Thomas-Point.-Horo-some-pretty biU of- luvrbor sailing were exhibited, which resulted in tho ontiro of tho boats, with tho exception of tho Catherine, getting into line, undor the weather shoro. In tho course of the mancaiivrlng previously montioned the Fleotwing suceeoded in obtaining the woathor gongo of the Roso, but the Alay Queen still maintained her load, and Dashing AVave con- tinued in the fourth place. As she noarod tho eastern shoro on hor first board after olearing Sandy Bay, the Cathorino carried away the head of hor topmast and boro up, resigning all chanco of a prizo. Tho southern flag boat was rounded in tho fjllowingordor:-MayQuoon,2h. 15min. ; Fleotwing, 2h. 23min. j Rose, 2h. 25min. During the run homo a vory pretty raco ensued, and tho boats one after the other took advantage of a fresh breeze to sot squarosoils and other useful running canvas. The AIny Quoon was conspicuous for the ingenuity with whioh every capful of the favouring uir was economised by extra sails improvised for the occasion, and the wide spread of tbo lioso's square-sail was of mnnifest sorvlco to her. At tho finish tho Fleotwing brought up a capful of wind which carried her ahoad with such velocity that a quarter of a milo added to the length of tho courso would with the samo forco and direction of wind havo made a difl'orenco in the result of tho contest. Tho boots possod tho judges' stand in tho following ordor : May Quoon, 3h. 16min. 30seo. ; Floetwlng, 3h. 17 min. ; Rose, 3h. 20mln. On the wlnnor arriving at the stand, The Hon. Air. Fysh presented the first prizo. Dr. Smart presented tho second. Mrs. Dowdoll had much ploasuro in presenting the third. ' .' SAU.INO ArESSF.LS-Under 15 lons, employed for the purposos of ' trado, with fixed koels. To start from Macquarie Point round buoy boals off Pavil- ion Point and South Arm, and back te placo of starting. First prizo, £1«. Second Prizo, £8. Alaggio Laurie, cutter, 13 tons ; flog, bluo, white star.(W. L. Dominoy) 1 Patrol, schooner, - tons ; flag, yellow, white, and bluo.(W. Turner) 2 Kate, cutter, 10 tons ; Ung, rod, white, and blue . (Geo. Richardson) 0 The wind had fallon light by the time tho start for this race was offocted, and tho competitors woro slow in gotting undor way, the Muggio Laurio boing conspicuously dilatory in sotting hor canvas. Tho Petrol was the first to show In front. She was followed by the Koto, but tho Maggie Laurio was the second to round the upper flagbout. From this point the Kato did not show in the raco. In boating down tho rlvor the cutter gained gradually upon her only remaining antagonist, and in tho run homo by setting a squaresail sho gained such an ndvontago as landed her an easy winner, the rate of soiling towards the closo boing vory slow, owing to tbo lightness of the wind. Tho prizes in this race were not presented until the ground was nearly deserted, iu consequonco of tho heavy fall of rain. Mr. J. AV. Gill, the hon. Secretary, presented the first prizo te Dominoy, and Air. Al. Browne presontod tho socond prizo to Turnor. SAU.INU BOATS-Undor 4 tons, yacht measurement, with fixed keels. Courso ns for Ladles' Purso. First Prizo, £10. Second Prizo, £5. Atalanta, sohoonor, 3 tons ; flag, rod, with lotter A In contro.(H. J. Allon) 1 Annio, 2 tons ¡flag, white.(William Oro) 2 Ilcathor Bell, cutter, 3h tons ; Ung, bluo, white contro.,, (James Taylor) 3 Stella Louisa/ 3 tons ; flag, rod. ...(William Ore) 4 Bluo Jackot, 2 tons ; flag, rod, white, and blue .(R. O'May) fl Coquette, cutter, ¡ih tons ; flag, white, red croBS .(R. Sower) 0 The Annio got away with tho lead, closely followed by tho Atalanta, tho Hoathor Boll boing in tho fourth plnco. This ordor was maintained until the uppor flagbcat had boon rounded, but shortly nftor vvards tho Ilcathor Boll inado hor way into tbo third place, und tho Atalanta, passing the Annio on tho woathor beam, assumed tho load. This order was prosorved te the finish, tho other boats coming in in tho places nbovo assigned to thom. Protests weio ontorod against tho Atalanta for boing over tonnage, and against tim Amita for having sand bal- last on board.' THE STATE BALL AT THE TOWN HALL. The state'ball at tho Town nail last ovening brought logothii' one of,tho lurgost and most brilliant assemblages over witnossod in Hobart Town, and so far as the gonoral nrrungomonts woro concerned, it passed off as pleasantly as could be desired. The company bogan to assemble at about half-past olght o'clock, and at ton o'clook, whon the Royal guest arrived, there were about twelve hundred ladies and gentlemen present, as nearly as we could judge. Owing to some defect in the arrangements we found it quite impossible to obtain any list of the guests, and as the cards were not left at the doors, except in a very low instances, we are of course precluded from publishing the names of those present. Tho grand hall and stalrcaso woro decorated with flags and overgrcona, and very fino fern treos wore planted in tubs, and occupied the cornors. Tho staircase was carpotod with rich .Brussels coi pet, and the spaces behind the bannisters wire occupied by conservatory stands bearing a fino collection of flowors from tho Royal Society's gardens On tho first landing a somicvrcu lar stand was similarly occupied At the hond of the staircaso tho landing was richly carpoted, und a luxu- riant sofa was placed thoro Tho coiners of this landing wero also occupied bj ferntreos Tho decora tions ot the ball room wo havo airead) endeavored to dosenbo At the hoad of the room the organ chamber was fitted up as an alcove, with blue and whito trim ming, and hung with a rich blue fringe, tho dais was carpoted with Brussels carpet, and i state chair, surmounted by tho royal arms, and supported by two lessor ohuirs, wns plncod for tho accommo 11 tion of His Rojal Highness, His Excellency tho Governor, and Mrs Gore Browne In rear of this wore threo crimson damask silk sofas, with brass mountings The windows wero covered with white screons, decorated with wreaths and othor devices in bays and roses, the centra threo hearing tho letters A E A in tho flowers of tho scarlet geranium At tho lower end of the room two largo mirrors wero displayed, surrounded by blue cloth hnngings, and set off by bayonets and swoid scabbards, arranged in tho mihtur) stv le Over tho door loading to the ante room there wore stars arrangod in the same style of decoration Planking tho main en- trance to tho hall ver) beautiful stars of bit) onots had been arrangod, that on the right bearing the device and inscription of tho Order of the Bath, li m junda MI mm, and that on tho loft the Order of the Garter, Iloni soil qui mai y peine Iho hand, under tho leadership of Messrs Dontith and Ga0hurdi, was stationed behind a screen m tho first ante room, but from this point tho music did not sound to ndv antiigo 1'ho largo reading room opening from tho ante room was occupied as a enid room, and the public library be) ondas a rofioslnnent room The passages lend- ing to thoso apartments woro carpoted Agnin pro- ceeding downstairs, the Ma) or s parlor was furnished as a drawing room for tho accommodation of His Ro) al Highness, the suito boing blue and gold, tho tablo was covered with a hnndsomo blue und gold cover, and tho room was otherwise very handsomel) furnishod Tho supper wis laid in tho room intended to bo used ns a majors court, and was ii most ) ecket ehe affair, although tho room lookod somewhat cheerless owing to tho ahsonco of docoiation Tho prosont council chamber was used as a ludios elonk room, and the same room was used foi the accommodation of tho gentlomon as on formor festive occasions The gentlemen who acted as masters of ceremonies were Captain Solly Mr Sheriff Forster, and Mr Henry Hunter. Not- withstanding tho molomont state of tho vv eather a vorv largo concourso of persons had assembled outside the building to witnoss tho arrival of tho Prmco A guard of honor of the 2 lilli Regiment wns in attendance His Ro) al Highnoss nrnvod punctual!) at 10 o clock in tho state carnage Ho was nccoinpaniod by His EK colloncv tho Govornor, and Mrs Goio Biovvne, Lord Novvr), tho Hon Eliot Yorke, Mi Haig, Mr Bueil), and Captain Steward, ADC Iho Fnnco woro plain ovemng costumo with tho ribbon and stni of tho Order of tho Garter Ho entorod tho ball room escoitmg Mrs Goto Browne, nnd followed by tho mombers of his suite who w oro nlso in plain evening dress JVS 1 lis Rov ni Highness entered tho loom tho band plnjod tho National Anthem Tho ball was thon oponed bj His Royal Highnos», who danced with Mrs Goro Browne, tho m-« wv bomg His Evcclloncj tho Govoinoi with Lidj norning His Rojal Highness after- wards danced n wait/ with Lidy Dij, and ho retned fiom the ball loom at about a quaitor to 12 o clock Ilio suppoi loom was oponed at hilf-pist 12, whon Maioi Viviun escorted down Mis Gene Browno, His Evcollencv tho Governoi taking Lid) Dr) Inore woio at tho chief table, besides the vico regal pnrt), Sir Trancis and Lndv fniuth, Su Vnlentino nnd Lad) Tleming, tho bon jUtoinej Genornl and Captain Stownid Aftoi suppei His Excollenc) tho Governor roso and said theio was ono tonst which they woro in dut) bound to drink on such an occasion, and it vv is ono which was alwaj s drunk most onthusiasticnllv vvhote^ ever it was proposod Ho gavo thom " Pho Queon " The toast WIIB drunk with loud choeis His Excolloncj thon said thoro was a second toast which ho had to propose, and ho should giv o it bl led j, as he had no wish to detain them from thou partnois Tho toast was ono which, howevei, ho foil sine fhnj would all ooidiully join in drinking Oin Qnoon, tho Quoon who îoigns in tho hearts ot a gioatoi number of subjects th in an) Sov ei eign vv ho ov oi s it on tho thiono of Englnnu, hnB sent IIB her son a gallant sailor, with a good hioad sword b) his sido, able and willing to fight his cottntij's battles and uphold the honor of hoi flag Ho li is como hilf lound tho woild to visit us, hringme; us i mossigo oi kindness and good will AVhnt shall I s ly to bun on your bohalf? Shall I say that ovei) boulin las manta throbs with ploasuro at his visit? (Choois and " Yos ) I know that I may do so, and I will add that the recoid of it will bo gravon on tho bouts of this generation, and will not bo forgotten when they hav o passed away Ladies and Gontlomon,-I proposo tho health of the only Hoy ii Punco in tho world who prefers dutj and tho deck ot a ship ot war to the ploosuies of a court Tim toast was most enthusiastically diunk with tinco tunes tinco and one choor moio Pho company thon again îopairod to tho bill room, vv hore dancing was resumed, and muiuloinod with spnit until tin eaily lunn oi tho morning THE PRINCE AND THE MAYOR OF HOBART TOWN His AVorship tho Mavm invited tho Punco to a bonquot in tho Town Hall bofoio ho proceeded to the north, to bo provided at His AVorship s expenso, but this tho Punco was obligo 1 to doclmo on account ol a want of time Tho following is the correspondence on tho subject - "lovvn IIull Hobnit .Town "Oth Timuary, 1868 « Sir,-As Alnvoi of Hobart lovvn I am desnous of being permitted lo entertain His Royal Highness the Duke of EdinbiUeli at a banquet in the Iowa Hall " I hav o te requost th it j on vv ill havo lim kindness to loy befnie the Punce my wish on this point and lake His Roy ni Highness s ploasuro us te tho diy and bom whon it would bo most n0ieeablo to His Rojal Highness to honoi such a hanqui t with his presouco " I vvoul 1 bog to suggest that Fi id ij next al S o clock pin might be found te nccnid with His Rojnl High ne3s's othei public engagements "I have the honoi to be Su, " Your most nhclieut se ivnnl, "(iifciiod) JvMts AtiL\i AVitsox, "May ni "Tho LViuciiy in Waiting, Vc , H AI S Culateo.' "Goveinmont House, Tnsmuua, "7th Jaim iry 1SI.S "Sn,-llano lind the honor te lnj uefoio His Roy d Highness tho Duko of Llinbiugh you. lotte, of yistoi .1 iy'n iiito, anil I nm diitrteil in leplj te oxp.uss to you His Roynl Highness a legiet nt being unable to accept join invitation te a banquet at tho Iowa Hall Pi I loy is the only evening dttimg his stny on wini li Ills Loyal lli0uiies.s iH y m that ffis Loyal Highness his piounsed to visit tho S dinoa Ponds at Now \oifnlk, on Mint day, and thal ho cannot io ich Govei iinieiil House ou lus relut n al tho earliest befoio 8 o clock, I am suro that jon will n"ieo with mo thal the fatigue winch His Royal Holiness must undergo durm" tho day, and the voiy Into boin of his return boro, justify His Uovol Highness in the hope th it j nu will excuso lum foi declining jour invitation His Roynl Highness has ilesuel mo lo infoini you that hud his oiign^emoiits nt Sydney pel milled of his prolonging his stay in this colony ho would ntoneu hove ntceptod with gie it pleasuio your k|Ud invitation, but miller tho ciioumstnnees which I hnvo oxplnmol tu um His Roynl Highness trusts Hut von Will mulei shuni tho reasons of his inability lo do sn " I havo tho honoi te he, Su " Aroui mobt olio bent ROI \ nut "(aujiicd) AitTHUn B Him, " fqueuy in Waiting "J Milne Wilson, Esq , Vc ' VISir TO NEW NORFOLK (Prom oui Special Ropoitm ) Tho inclemency of thoweathn onludoy, Ton 10th, almost put i stop to all prooocdingsinconnoi hon with thestntamovomoiitsol It Ii II thoDukoofLlmbmgh According to the piogramnio, His Rojal Highness was te havo visited tho Salmon Ponds, pioceednig to New Noifolk bj the Aeis, stiam launch, and reluming to town in a four ln-hniid coach lht Monarch, steamet, vvns announced to make a píeosme excursion, te Blurt til 9 o clock, but as it lamed hoavdj, \eij lew oxcuisionists made thou ap pooranoo, and tho trip was postponed At nine o clock punctuollj tho Acis, willi steam np was alongsido tho Galatea, and pioceedod to Govoinmont House, undoi ordois to convoy tho Royal party On arrival, howovoi, hoi oidois were countermanded, lind sho lotmnod to tho vessel Tho nun kopt on falling steadily, and with voiy little appearance of a clear up, arid gieul doubts woio onteitainod as te wholhor His Roy al Highness would oi would not procotd te Now Norfolk lhtsn woio, howovoi, sot asido whenan ordor v(as issiiod for a coach and foin to be at tho door, wotordiy, by llooloek In this lospoct His Royal Highness s wishes woio complied with, but tho visit ov on thon seemed to bo a doubtful albur How ov oi, His Royal Highness is a sniloi punco, and does not much taro foi a wot picket Ho rosolvod not lo dis- appoint tho pubho oi Ihoso who had mulei tulon to onttitiim Juin at New Norfolk, und so at ono oriook a stint was muda from Govoinment Houso HIB Rojal ili,dmuss diovo four grojs in a liand somo stage coach, painted dink gioon, relieved with white linos, which hod recontly boon tmnod out from tho establishment of Air Burdon Ho woro ii completo suit of blank Muckmtosh, and tho samo hat with winch ho giocud tho regatta giound on the provious day On the box bosido His Royal Highness was tho hon Sir Ii Di j, and on the soat boliuid Lieutenant Haig, His Excel lenoy tho Govornor, and John Poistoi, Lsq IiiBido wore Lord Now i j and Air Brioiloj On Iho back seats wore tho Govornoi s coachman and soi vants, and Mr Joshua Alooro, who had the gano.al supoi vision of the horsing dopnrtmont His Rojal High noss drovo through tho Domain, taking tho ronlo to tho main road p ist Liiisky s eoltngo, and down Stoko sheot His appearance was ovidontly unoxpoetod, and tho (onscquorico was that piopaintions for his reception woio incomplete, and his journey was, foi tho most put, iminteriiipted by uny coremonv On tho wny through Now 1 ow n a number of lodios and gontlomon nssomblod at various points, und ohoorod as His Ho val Highnoss passed, but bovond this tho township was poilottlv quiet Iho doeoralions ol tho arches at Swim s Hill, at Air Falconer s, and at thq Orphan-school were scarcoly ootnptato, and those structures picsontod an) thing but an imposing appenrnnco At Mi Rout s a number of Indios congiogatod in tho stimmor-houso which fronts tho road, wavod their handkorohiofs, cheered and throw bouquets as tho carriage passod At Cooley B thoro «asa goigoous display of ovorgieens nnl flowers, arrangod by the Missos Cooley Tho lamp over tho verandah was decorated with transpmoncios, which woro lUuminated at night, and nosogaya woro arranged vorj offectivol) Two lurga floral wreaths woio Buapondod under tho vornndah bealing the letters in flowors H li H, A E A Tho propnotor and his fnmil) appoared in the verandah, and cheered as tho co ich passed, His Royal Highness acknow- ledging the compliment by r using his hat Prom this point to O Buen s Bridge tho Royal piogross was uninterrupted bv nny demonstration, woithy of being îecordod M O Brion's Bridge alargo tupio Gothic arch of ovargieons displayod the word " Welcome, and a ducal coronet of flowers The hoitsos in the township wore also gail) decorated with flags Groups of the residents woio stationed ¡it soverul points, and cheorcd, oi threw bouquets ns tho carnage passod From O'Brien s Budgo the journey was without in- cident, and on ni riving at Mr Tredorick Mooro s, York Hotel, about ten minutes past two o'clock, His Royal Highness stopped to change horses The hotel was profusel) decoiated with flags, evor groens.and forns.tho hitter being arranged at intorvnis ulong tho front A crown,V R ,nnd the initials A E A wero well wrought in wattle blossom on a back ground of fern fionds, and had a vory pretty effect His Royal Highness here left his gre) horses and obtamod a team of four bays winch had been sont on in tho morning by Mr Moore, and with theso ho proceeded tow aids Now Norfolk Tho whole party oppressed theinsolvos much pleased with the scenery along the river, albeit considorabl) obscured b) clouds Thero was no particular incident in tho couiso of tho journo) from Bridgewater, until tho pin tj arrived within about threo miles of New Norfolk Hore thoro is n hut occupied by an old sottloi,and in front of it n mininturo arch of ovor- gieens had boon erected, and the residents turnod out and cheoiol His Royal Highnoss Soon afterwards horsomon hogan to make their appearance, the num- bers soon mcronsed, and cn roaohing tho bridge at tho hop guidons, a cavalcade of about thirty horsomon os corted tho Prince, ono 01 two ladies also pining A noblo aroh ot bush ovorgroens, heming the words " Welcome Alfiod, ' a largo rojal arms and other appropi late dovieos, had boon orected on Chinch Hill, nt tho entrance ol'Iho township Iho arch vvastusto fully decorated vv lill flags, and undor it His Royal Highness diovv up «hilo the Wardon and councillors piesentod tho address of welcome from tho mu- nicipality Iho windon, W A B Jamieson, Esq , was suppotted by Councillors R O Road, J Mooro, Baikor, mid lugo Ho advanced to tho carntgo, nnd welcomed His Rojal Highnoss to tho township, handing to lum tho following address, which bud boon piettilj punted on vellum - " lo His Roynl Highness Prince Alfred, Duko of Edinbui0b, KG, Ä.C, Captain of H M S Galatea " May it please joui Rojal Highness, " We the Winden und Councillors of the Mutuel pibty of Now Noifolk, desiro to offoi to jour Roval Highnoss out he lit) welcome on your ni rival in oin thsti let ' Wo deem omsolvos foi tiinnto iu havin= this oppor tunitj of insuring joui Royd Highness Mint ni no put of out Most Gi icious Q toon s vast emptru is n decpei devotion to tho ; eiaon, tluono, and family of Hoi Most Gi lunns M ijesty to be found th iu in this disoiuit island ' We believe tint youl hoyal Highness s auspicious visit lo the Austi ihnn colonies will havo tho effect of »till further deepening and atioligtlieuin0 that fond attachment lo tlio paient lan 1 und hei institutions winch bus nlvvnys osiatcd among tim colonists, nnd which wo oimi slly trust will be peimanenl " \V*u pi ij tbnt jour Royal Holmes« may hnvo ii safe an I piospiious voji0o on yum icttirn lo youi until» 1 uni, und ti ust th it you will lo vu these slimes with f lvorablo impiessious of the poop c nnd then ad ipteit oomiti v W JV B Í VMIMOS, 1\ tide» Wrn Cahill, Council Clcik " INevv is 01 folk, " luth Jnuu ity, 1808 " His Rov d Highness returned tho follow mgroplv - ' Gentlemen-Tam voiv c/itcful foi the kind ox piessions of web onie, mid foi the gool wishes foi ni) safe lotuin tn 1 nglnnd, »Inch vom uldressemit lins It iv ill be i pleasing duty to mo to convey to tlio Queou the assut ince of tlio unalta ed devotion ml 1 lynlty of the pe »pic of 1 isuiinu town Is bei Un ono und poison, mil if ni) visit lo this colon) should tend in any denice to stiengiben the fond attachment botweeu its people and the mothoi couutiy, it will, 1 nssiuu jon, bu i pi md s ttisf ii lion to mc, to think til it a visit which Inn been so nie using to mvsolf lies nlso boen pindiictive of soma pciuiniient Oool to I uglaud as well is to Pius minn ' (Si"ncl) " AlHtFI) " lu tim Win len mil Councillois of tlio Municipality of Now Noifolk' On the presentation of tho addics Mnstor Tamos Lavvionco jVrmistoal SIooio, a bltlo follow about o je tis otage who wns atttied in honoi of tho occa- sion in snloi costumo, wits hohl up to tho eur- unga, and piesentod to His Rojal Highness a beautiful bouquot, enclosod in a veiy hindsomo sill oi bouquet holdm, designed and inuniiliictuiod by Mi Gijloi, ul Livoipool stioot, and having upon its front tho Duko s aims iu gold, and au inseuptioii to tho effect that it was picsontod to His Rojal Highness bj the native inhabitants of tho distucl The bouquot holdoi wns the result of_a subscription limited to Is, and its cost wns ovor £8, so that at least 100 natives mnsl havo sub scribod His Rojal Highnoss lccoivcd tho pi osent, and grnciouslj thtinkod tho youthful dologato who lind tho honoi of presuming it lins toi minuted tho pio..üciliiigH at tho inch, and tluoughout his couiso thioui ti tho township His Roval Highness wns most v oeifoiously ohooiod Ho drovo ducet to tho lesidonco of tho lion Di OJhcer, tho Spoakoi of tho Iloiiho of Assomblv, whoio ho alighted, and re- mained to luncheon I ho dis ippoiiitmont o\poi loncod m consomicnco of thoabiiiidonmenl of the salmon ponds tun was veiv irrent as seieial huiidrels ot poisons hud bean willing tit tho ponds dilling tho any, and gioat ] îop initions had boen inado for tho reception ol His Ro)al Highness Howovoi, ovciy ono admitted Hut it was unoviidoblo, and loud pi usos woio bestowed upon tho Rojal visitoi foi hiving bid tho pluck to visil tho distuctat all upon sueh a daj At the rosidonco of tho bon Spo ti oi ovoiy comfort nnlluxni) hud boon piov uled loi tho onleitamment ol His Royal Highness, and Di Olheei iccencd las Royal guest in linly piincolj stjlo Ali Webb had boon specially engaged as tho citoioi foi tho occasion, and lie piovulodi mostsiimpliiouslunchoon, which was solved in olog mt sly lo (ivor tbo house Di Olhcoi hid a dig polo orected, which was ¿lowing in the hois ni i a ni on tho 7th inst, but which had been coi ted in, diessed, punted, doeoiatod, and oieotod in tho shoit spaeo of tuno intervening On this staff tho ltov ii Staiuliud pioiidly Hooted At tho omi of the loul lending to tho budgo a light and olognnt nreh had boon elected ol ovoigreons and flow 01 s, and nuaiigomonts lind been mado loi tho decoiatiou of tho bridge itself willi flogs in anticipation ol His Royal Hi/hnoas coming by wiitci i ji lins pulposo tho Dnootor of Publie Woiks Ali lulsonoi, had promised fifty lings, but al tho 1 isl moment ho foiw tided a noto to tho coin iiulteo, slating that owing to tho lnelomoncy of Iho vv oithoi ho bul boon unable te got tho bonnels taken down Ho also oxpiossnl his opinion that if tho woithei continued bad tho Punco would bo unlikely to visit 1110*township that day Plus note was locoived at about li o clock in Iho loronoon, at which tuno a hugo inimboi of tho residents nf the smioiindm,; distucts woio on tho township It was at onco tal.on lor gi nntod bj many of those pro sonl that tho Prince would not atuvo, muí tho tonso quonco wns Ih it tim locoption was not so good as it olhcivvisn would havo boon Hie committeo had, how- ovoi, musloiod IS lings, with which tho hiulgo was mado lo look v oi y gaj ,ond on tbo tow nslnp at v arious points ibout 1U0 other Hogs vv PI o displaj od.including the signal lings ol tho Dom out ulta club I'heio woro sovoiol othei nichos oieclod on tho township besides thosenliondy inontionad,and notably a hondsimo arch ol ov oi gi oonsand How eis,boai liigtho w oui "Woleomo ' in lingo bluo lollois, and spinning tho toad in front ol tho i sidoneo of Di AIooio, bj whom also the decorations ha I been oieotod Di Afooio s houso was aKnvoiy lasliliilly dutoiulod with lam els and uvoi gieens, and hnuspaioiicios weio in Iho windows, leolj lal tho llluiiunition in tho ovonnijj Dr Ateoio had also a lino llagslad, 01 foot high, on which woio Hying tho Union Tack and St Gooigos Lnsi^n At tho îosidonco ol AV S Shoiland, Lsq , ii ilagslall was elected, on which the St Geoigos Lnsign was Hying Tho Bush Hotel was most piotusoly docoiutod with louis and Howers , along Iho wholo front of the long voiandnh tho wold " AVolcomo was displijod m colossal lollois composodof foin fronds nnd How eis, and ii colonel and othoi donees wore also consmeuoiis In tho ovcniug a tianspiuonoj poituut of tho Duko was llluirmated, and also a stat In antic piihon of a crowd of oxcuisionista Mt Oakley, with his iisuul ontorpiibO, had piovided | a most olognnt i/ijatmi, of whioh, howovor, only about ball a do/en pul toole, tho lun-amval of tho Moimi eli having upset nil Ins calculations At tho ¡ othoi hotels on tim township, nlso, lloinl oinamonts woio piofiibolj oxlubilod, its nlso hunspnioncios Iho dccoiotions ot -Mi Allwughls, Slar and Gnrtoi Hotel, and thoso ni tho Fiooinnsons' woro ospooiall) vvoithy of mention At the Lunatic Asylum grand autingomouts woio mado foi a loyal demonstration Iho floial dccoiations woro nearly all tbo work ot tho panants mulei the ducclion of Air lit) lor, ono of Ihowaidoid.iuid Iho lianspiiiouciosand painted illumi- nations woio by Ali Poiibgood An uddioss liom tho patients bud boon piopurod for presentation to Iho Punto, bul tho oppoitunil) du1 notpicsout ilsulf It wns nftoiwinds sont to His Royal Higlmoss and acknowledged His Ita) ii Highnoss rotumod to Govornmont Houso iiuout dusk THE CITIZENS' BANQUET TO THE CREW OF THE GALATEA The banquet given by the citizens of Hobart Town, in the Town Hall, on Saturday, the 12th of January, to the crew of H. M. S. Galatea was, notably, one of the most magnificent entertain- ments ever witnessed in Hobart Town, and we have the authority to the officers of the ship, and many of the men present, for stating that it is by far the best affair ol the kind which they have experienced during thon eiiuso Tho uitoiost ounood bv tho publia IhaniRolvos in tho nihill was unmistakable, nnd by no moans tho least gratti) tug footnio of tho da) s proceedings As oaily as six o olook m tho morning ciowds of viBttors bogan te pour into tho hall lo view tho preparations, and during the forenoon the room must havo boon visited by at least from 3,000 to 4,000 porsons, tho majority of whom woro Indios The univorsal opinion of all wat, that thoy hal never seen such a spread, and tho catoror, Mr John Pitman piovidoro of tho s s Southern Cross, noeds no better testimonial of his ability than that which has boon acoordod to him by the unanimous approval of his visitors,and tho gonumo approbation of tho gtioats of tho day During the morning the members of the banquet committee were most assiduous in their attention and rendered material assistance in perfecting the ar- rangements. The committee consisted of the follow- ing gentlemen -Messrs A Rheuben, G Eady, J. Pregnell, R. L. Hood, C. Toby, W Champion, J. Harcourt, A. C. Burbury, J. E. Calder, H Pearce, Dr. Hall, J. Murdoch, J. O'kines, W. Turner, G. R. Napier, W. Hanson, J. Pedder, and C. F. Creswell, Hon. Secretary. The time fixed for the banquet was two o'clock, and shortly bef' re that hour the steam launch, under command of Lieut Fitzgeorge, wau nlongsido the Galatea ready to tow to the wharf the lnunch in which tho guests of the day wore to be landed An immense concourse of spectators was on the wharvos to seo tho mon como ashore, and on reaching it thev were greeted with the most enthu- siastic cheers, which were rotnrnod by the men The number landed wnB about 210 including thirty marines, and tho party was under command of Lieut Tit/goorgo On landing thoy were formed in fours the marines in front, and marohed to thu hall, pre' ceded by the splendid band of the Galatea, the men of which wear a handsome blue uniform with white facings Tho route taken was aloug the Now Wharf up Murray-streot, and down Macquane-strest to the hall, nnd throughout the whole course the mon were followed by about a couple of thousand persons, who cheered thom lustdy as they marched along Viewed from the hill at tho back of Franklin Square (a fiivouto stand point) the procession as it moved up Muirny-stroot had a peculiarly novel appoaranco 8o closoly did the crowd surround the men that little wai to be seon of thom excepting a long unbroken line of broad-brnnmod cabbage tree hats, steadily advancing amid tho excited crowd of citizens The'processionwai bonded by tho membors of tho banquet committee, nil wearing Prince Alfred favors Arrived at the hall tho band halted, the committee drew up on either sido, and the men wore formed two deep, and marohed into tho hall The seating of the guesta occupied some minutes, during which wo had an op. poitumty of noting the disposition of affairs at either of the cross tablos The chair was occupied by Charles Colvin, Esq , chairman of the banquet com- mittee, on whose right sat the hon. T. D. Chapman, Esq , Colonial Treasurer, Alderman R. Walker, Esq, M. H. A,, John Howell, chief boatswain's mate of the Galatea, Mr Alderman Smart, William Knight, Esq, Messrs C. Dowdell and A McGregor, Capt Lulham of the Windward, Mr Fred. H. Wise, and Captain Thompson. On the chairman's left were, the Hon James Milne Wilson, Esq, M. L. C., Mayor of Hobart Town , the hon Sir Richard Dry, knight, premier , Patrick Towie, chief gunner's mate Galatea , Alderman D. Lewis, M. H. A. , the hon A. Kennerley, Esq , M. L. C. , the hon the Attorney -General, T T Watt, Esq, Collector of Customs, tho Rov Mr Ironside , tho hon P 0 F) sh, Esq , M L O , and tho Rov M Goldreich Opposite to tho chairman sat soverul midshipmen of the Galatea, and Sergeant-Major Thacker, Rojal Manne Artillery The vico-ohair was occupied by Mr Rheuben, on whoso right sat Aldorman Green, Messrs A Burbui), G Eadv, - Androws, J Watchorn, V M Innes, junior, and tho harbor master, Captain Harburgh On tho Vice Chair man s loft woro Aldorman Crisp, John Dariel, Esq, M II A , Mr Superintendent Propsting, City Police , Dr Doughty, and Mr O II Red hoig All having boon comfortably aontod, the ohau mane died to order, and tho Rev Mr Ironside iskod a blessing Tho company thon buckled to in good earnest, nnd if over a banquet lind ample justice aeeordod to it, it was that After dinuoi, Mr Coi viv gav o, " Tho Queen ' Di link with the greatest enthusiasm Band " National Anthem " " Health, hnppinoss, and prosponty to the Prince of W des and tho rest of tho Ro) ni Family " Di mik with loud cheers Hand " God bless tho Pnnee of Walos ' " His Rojal Highnoss Punco Alfied, the Captain of tho fx linton ' (Loud cheers ) Diunk most vohomontlj with tluce timosthroo Hnnd " What sa the stool, Kimmel, ' nnd " Duke of Edinbuigh s M uch " " His Eveollency tho Govornoi Colonel Gore Riowno " Di unk amid groat choora li md " limiiiphnl Milich " " Tho Arm), tho Navy, and tho Volunteers ' Di unk with cheers Band-"Rule Britannia " Iho usual lo)al toasts having thus been du posod of, Mr HOWELL, chief boatswain's mate of tho G ilatca, rospondod to tho last toast He said Mr chuirmnn, vice-chairman, gontiemon, and shipmates all, I wish von to dunk a toast with me 1 wish jon to dunk health and prosperity to the eili/onsof nobait Town (Chama ) I hopo all of )OU willjoin mo, but boforo doing so Iwishtopvsi a few loinniks on this occasion I want to thank the citi7onsof Hobnit Town on bohnlf of tho crow and the Gulntcas all, foi then kindness to us Wo lira had no ontoitninmont Uko this boforo, nnd I fat think it vv ill ov or be forgotten li) nnj ono timons* us Sinco tho timo wo left England untú now, wo havo only lad ono other occasion of tho kind, nnd that was ia Adolaulo (Choois) I ask von Gain tons all to drink the toast of tho citi/ensof Hobart Town, and mind you koep one htllo coinei in )Oiir honrls for tho ladios of South Australia (Choois and laughtei ) Drunk amid loud choeung by tho ciow His Worship tho MAVOU rospondod Ho said he was criatifiod to find that tho toast which had just boen pioposel had pi ov od so accoptabln Ho could ussiu o thom that as citi/ons thoy woro dohglited to see thoso of tho ciow of tho Giilutea who woio assembled round tho festivo honrd amongst thom, and thoy woro pioud that thon ondoavoui to do honor to the Buttah flag, and espcci illv to tho ciow of tho Galatea, lind prov od so Buccossful Thoy Mt satisfied that the dinnorthoj bad givon to tho crow that da) would he accoptiiblo to His Royal Highness tlio Dake of Edmbtngh, and ho was dohglited to think that a ¡on of thou lllustturns and beloved sovoroign had come amongst thom, bringing such a noble vessolwith linn Tho VICH CiiAinviv-v gavo our guosts (Loud choors ) Ho vv is stn o that thoro was not a man in tho island but would ho glad and proud to ontoitain tho mon of tho Galatoi- their Mara dofondois in time of dangoi,-and ho was cortaia there was not a citizen who was not dohglited to soo them onjo) mg thomselvos to-day (Loud choona?; ) Drunk with throo times threo, mid one cheer moio, tho band plnjing "Rulo Butanma As soon as tho unging applause had subsided, Mi Tow in, guitnoi s mato, rose and said M^r chair man, vico chun man, and gontlomon, I thank yon on bohaK of tho mon of tho Gnlaton for tho manner in which von havo drunk thoir health "lou mult now in return permit mo to proposo tho health of the citi/ons and tho Indios of Hobart Town (Cheers) Tho whole of tho crow thon îoso as ono man, and drank tho toast with tho most tumultuous applause tho men declaring that thoy would never forget th kindness of the Hobin tomans, and that thoy MA novel boon so well treated before Mr Alderman COOL, thon roso to propose tit toast of tho ladio3 In tho presence of so large J numbor of jolh tura, ho felt sure tho toast woull bo onthusiusticnlly rccoivod Drunk with throo times threo and ono ohoormore Tho Band " lloio s a health to all goodlasses Mr T W Gin rospondod, oxpiossing a hope tint tho gallnnt ciow of tho Galatea would koop a snail cornor in thou hem la for tho ludios of rasmanu, as well as for tho ladies of South Australia Tho bon Mr Cn AWI wr said that ho requested J« proposo a toast As soon as they hoard Ml Prineo was coming thoy had nil united ta 6J» him a hem ty woloomo (Choors) H» W that thoro only needed an appeal to the colon)» give His Royal Highness a cordial and hoartWi wnlcomo (Choors ) Ho bohovod the) had bee» successful, nnd that when His Ro) al Highness left theso shores ho would not rondily forget the woloomo ho had rocoivod from all claiw of the colonists (Loud oheors ) Tho oaly regra which ho felt was that His Ro)al Highnoss had net moro timo to spond among thom, in order to see mon of tho island However, they had dono their pw to tho host of thoir ability to show their lojalt) » the throno, and do honor to thoir illustrious visitor (Loud choors ) Whdo thoso on tho Booth bad dun thoir dntj, ho bohovod thoso on the north would J» bo wanting in thoirs (Choors ) Ho bohovod tw thou conduct on tho prosont occasion would M « grntilv ing to tho mon and ofhcois of tho «u,lJ*f*"*, would bo ncooptablo to the mothoi countiy (« neeril Ho would now abk thom to dunk tho toast he t» nson to proposo,-tho hoalth of tho committee » whoso indefatigable oxortions thoy woro so jj"» nidobted foi tho oii|oymoiit thoj lind o-cponoacea m the prosont occasion (Ohcois) .. Di mik amid groat choonng, 03pociully from un Gtilatoa'B mon , Band " For thoy mo jolly good follows Captain William PISHEH îoso with great pie»«" to rospond to tho toast, although ho did sauna« dilhoiiltios, as ho wns suflcrmg from sovoro IM»J position, and was at a loss also lor words to rojpo» piopoily to tho toast which had boon so ablv prop» Ho felt pioud of tho oiti/ons that day Almost fron tho momont that bo first bioathod tho breath ot«» ho lind boon identified with UutiHh sailors I«T almost horn afloat, (choois), and all his hfo ne«« boon intimately coniiootod wilh Butina nuor* 1'hough for tho lost fow years ho had not HW» konorof woanug tho bluo jacket lumBolf, ho naas« oloaoly mixed up with tho meieniitilo nan« and hw sympathies with Bullina woreins «m as whon ho cania hunsolf through tho »"? bolo and fiom thoro to the 'lUMt.errh) (Oheors) Thoro was ono point to wliicn » should havo Ukod to havo soon loforonoo niano » should havo Ukod to havo soon somo one pou» thoir nohlo Dorwont Thoro novoi WM.aS0,wIiii hour than thoir own soon in an) part of B» y (Hoar, hoar ) Iho port ot Hobart Town ««"»K harbour that ho hail ov or soon, and ho "»1^»»' advantugos would bo brought pioinmont y °% thoso whoso duty it ospooially was to n°w\w matters Tasmania only wanted to DO» rf known to bo fairly appreciated ¿V*!** what he now »toted ho hod only lo w* *" «io noble speolmonof naval architecture now i0« * -n thnir waters, and which could como nlong ÄiÄÄ'any point. Thoy had tho moans ñfbrSg »he largest ship in the navy into a posi ?. Äotv There was no hotter port in the colo b-°n ¿ra naval station than that of Tasmania, and *Z know bat their illustrious visitor might somo day c -^n Ma nower to point to Tasmania, and say, ÄyonÄcan Itein safety, there you will find Jwmo und every inducoment to nnobor your VWeÄ a hundred yards of the shoro." Ho Äed that thcso matters would be represented, and ÏÏ fho ñeonlo would endeavor to make known thoir '^aXes He trusted, though their trade had boon tSSS, that thoro was a little, energy loft yat, ia that Tasmania would soon attain tho proud posi- tion ¿at she ought to occupy. (Loud cheers ) l^pant-AIaior THATCHEII said ho TOBO to thank ."¿committee ¿ad the citizens on behalf of the crow ÏIÎP Galatea for the mnnner in whieh they had tfS A large number of the citizens taf met together for the purpose of entertaining rt«n and he felt proud and gratified at the honor S had been conferred on thom. Evor since thoy had been in the colonies thoy had been well received bv every one, and when thoy returned to old England thor would never forgot tho kindness which had boen "oVnthem. (Loud cheers). He now proposed health rdprosperity to tho colony of Tasmania. Drank with three times three and one choor more, as only sailors con cheor. The band played a quickstep. The hon. SirB. D.IY responded. AVhen he entered the room ho was not awaro that ho should have had ho hoaor of taking part i» thei proceedings. He had ¡me there with a willingJioart to bohold the enter EZt riven by the oitizons to the orew of the Sea and tho scone hnd realized far moro than nts Anticipation. It reflected the greatest credit "T"the citizens of Hobart Town. Tío had boon Xd to respond to the toast which had just been lied, and which showed tho hearty goodwill entertained by tho party who drank it towards the eeoXof the colony. Ho returned thom his smcerost Cks He would rotar thom ospecinlly to tho nwch of tho gentleman who addressed thora a fow. EtesVo, fe show the advantages of the harbour TSrt Town. In thcso colonies thoro «.A» no more magnificent nnehorngo, but so much had boon said, and so well said by the gen linantowhom ho referred that ho nocd say no more on the point. Ho would now ask thom to drink atout which "o felt it a great honor to proposo, and »Well lie was miro thoy would fool uti honor in drink in.» Thoy had spent MI extremely pleasant tuno taéther ia that room, and thoy had drank tho houtths of certain of those who hod contributed by thoir ex- ertions towards the success of tho entertainment, a success which was perfected and which had gratified him beyond mensuro. Tho citizens had boon thanked for the «boral mannor in whioh thoy had socondod tho efforts of thoso who undertook tho matter. 1 ho executive committee had boon thankod for thoir admirable management of tho ontortoinmont, but there was one gontlomon without whoso exertions the success of tho day would not have boon com , .. II» .,ii"aoi1 t/i Hin chairman, who hail con píete ne uiiuuu« w - - - , ducted tho entertainment so successfully (Loud choers) , .. , , , Drunk with throo ringing choois, the bnnd plav- ins "Ho s aJolly Booa fellow,' tho company jom lho CiuniMAN thanked them very heartily for tho way in which thoy had drunk his ho ilth Then programmo was now complote Captain fiiovii sov thought thoro was ono toast which should have been di tink, mid which seemed to have boen omitted Ho gave thom Commandor Cnmplioll, and tho officeis of II M S S Galatea Drunk with cheors Mulshipmnn CAUEV rotiirnod thnnks and gnvo the health of tho peoplo ot Tasmania (Loud eileen ) Drunk with cheors Hie Vici Cn vinMAV said ho had a toast to proposo to whick ho was «uro thoy would do honoi Ho now givo thom the Mayoi and Aldormon of Hobart lown Tho toast was drunk with gicat ehooring, tho hand plaj ing" They aro jolly good follows A fow othor toasts then followed, and nil thon Ecpamted highly dohglited Tho banquet waa a completo success THE CRICKEP MATCH The match nnnngeil to tako place between the officers of H M S Galatea and tho lncmbcis of the Derwent Cuokct Club cuno olf on Situuhi), j-inuarj the 12th, nccoiding to nnnounoement The ruu which set in on íegntta duy nnd con turned liming the whole of liidny necossiiul) interfered considerably with the prepnrntions , and on In hi) evening Messrs A. K Cliapmnn, societal) of the club, and li Davies went on boiud the Gnlntcn and suggested that the match should stnnd adjoin ned till the following week, tho tiny to bo mimad by the »aval eleven However, about 11 o'clock on Saturdny mom nig the wenther showed signs of olcai ing up, nnd a noto wis despatched from tho Galatea, announcing that the naval eleven would bo upon tho kurani at one o clock Punctual to tho lunn named tie officers of the Galatea ni lived upon tho micket ground anil soon sent a conplo of lepiosontatives to the wickets the Dei went team taking tho field Iho bowling was taken up by I Wlutesidcs and O Pony, lieutenant Binns ly, UN, and Dr Powell being the lioson champions of tho nivnl tonm Lieutenant Itanmy opened the ball h) n hno di iv o foi two off v.1 lutesi le?, mid tho scoio wns run rapidly up to twenty six, when Di Powell gavo a olmiice to Whiteside! off Ins own bowling, which being hkon advantage of, he letued with tho fino scoio ot sixteen including two tin eos, tlnee twos, and SHILICS Lieutenant Ramsay was disposed of in the following over having given a chance nt leg to A K Chapman, olf the bowling of L Swan, who lind lohoved Pony with the bill fho iciuaindcr of tho team met with ttrjing success Captain Tujloi, fiom whom grent tilinta lia 1 been expected, was loss foi tuna to than when , upon the Victoinm fciound, being splendidly caught by i VMutcaiilcs olf his ovv u bow bug, liav nig only scoicd (> Hie innings closed for bl nins, Coi pond Wehstei who 111 j e 1 a fino slashing innings, curying out his bit for lj 1 Westbiook nnd 1 Shoehy woio the I first to represent tho Dei wont, Captain layloi mid Mr do Cicspigny bowling foi tho Gulntcis Tho innings closed foi OG, L Koopa making tho highest «ore having icc,istciod 17 bhoitly nftci tho com intiicciiient of tho innings, H R H Punco Alfred j nceompunic 1 by His Excellency tho Govoinoi, Lord îvewrj, the Hon Eliot A. m ko Lieut Hnig, Captain S Steward, Pitvato Societaly,mid some other gentlemen, [ armed on the (,iouml on hoisoback, and lomamcd some i little time His Roy ni Hifcjincss wns cheated on his | nrmal ami ilcpnitmc On tho conclusion of the Dei went innings, both sides adjoin no1 to luncheon m a h-milsomo booth, tho cateici being Mi J Webb ibu cli-nr »ns taken by the Hon the Attorney Gonoiiil, 1 W L Dobson, Esq. Justice hiiving been fully dono to the vi nul» tho cliaulimn proposed tho touts of tlio Qacoii, and Punco Alfred, which woio I drunk with honors Thooluurmnii ne\t pioposoil Oin ' A isitors, winch was lcspoudcd to in nu nppiopiiate apecchty I nut Heneage, li N , tho sciuoi ofllcoi pro sent. Captain Ta) lor then pioposcd the health of the Derwent eleven, wishing them evoiy success in thou future mslchcs, and the toast was icsponded to by Mi Al Intoäiiles, who conoludcd by proposing tho Captain ¡ an 1 members of the Galatea Lleven, which was suitably j icknow lodged by Captain la) lor The ouoketeis thon ! i bourne 1 to the fiold, Di Powoll nnd Coi pond t Webster handling the willow on bohalf of the | (alttens but the run, which lind boon tin eiitcning all I iliy now set ni, nnd the wickets woio soon diuwn, ! the naval eleven li iv ing lost tin ee wiohets foi twenty III nins The match was consequently docided by tho tint Hillings, leaving the Dei wont cloven winnora by tim ty five runs The pavilion wns mthei thinly vttciuletl dining the day, but this wns in giant pait owing to the unplensnnt nnd thicntenmg nspect of tho weither The bnntmot to tho oiew of tho Galatea, Jill tlio croquet paity nt Govommont House, nlso con tnbuteil to the scanty attendance Altogothoi, con «ilermg the excessively shoit notice given to tho cricketers, tho mntoh having only been finally deoidod ui>T at twelve o clock tho vvholo affair may bo con « lereil as a deotded success "We may state that the W of tho Galatea eleven was dcoidedly supeuoi to tlmt of nuy nf tho naval tennis who have plijod m Imninia hitherto. The bowling of Captain Taylor and Mr. DeCrespigny was really good,and a little prac- tice would make the Galatea eleven equal to any amateur eleven in the colonies. Mi Janies aoted nn scorei foi me 0 daten team, and Mt O AVostbiook for tho Dei wat The umpires wero, foi tho Galatea, Mi J AV lcW ./or Uro Dor-went, Mi AV Collins Uti following is the scoio - " , GALA'lEA tint Inning* Second Innmqi {-«ait; Rnnuay o Olmpman II bl' Wlutosldos ti Br l'iwel,oWhitcsideH 10 not out Ki Mr Bradbndgo, b Wlutosidcs 1 V,'1li^lor> hWlutosidfs 0 Mr. DeCrespigny,b Whitesides O {?nut Heues o,b Whitesides 2 b Whiteside* 0 0 15 ol' Westbiook 2 ílrGrceniilaiIo,bWlutosides t-orponinvolistoi, not out u, *" Kingscote, c C Butloi 2 ijieuttiWo mu out 0 w Neville, b E. Swan I ")<» ß B)cs2,wilesl A (¡r> 2(1 DERWENT First Innings I Wo» brook, b Cnpt 1 nylor 5 I "¡lieili), a Dr Powoll, b Ciipt, lnylor 11 G. Davies, b DeCrespigny 5 « h Clmpninn,oGreoiiNliide, bCupt layloi i C. Butler, b Crespigny 0 A l,e7'b"c«M'onilWobstoi 4 II i\ ' "öff-nihide b Corporal Wobstor 10 1 van«, bC.pt Uy,or " 1 Uoope bCapt liylor . 17 E. Swan, b DeCrespigny 14 J whiteanles not out , 7 bj os 0, widos 1 , .10 ¡ARTILLERY PRIÜE FIRING. ("IT" "¡¡"¡»'{"'tho pi uto« annually given foi compoti à i y £h° v°hnitoei Aitilleiy coiimieiieed at 10 a m ll,n ,7 ?atto'J"m tho (lomani. Foin ilatiiohiiionts of IÎ.»¿. Y»owolliHi coi-p»,toniiniindcdby Soigts. Itobhn, Wt,.i,ï C'iVUi"0,¿í' ,?ml H'uuottta. íespootively, lind iiTtul ° f b/ Stftff Sür«t -»Nor i:ooluitou,to UllgllgO I mu. "?*?"'. ,K"üh detnehiiient consisted of nine I uiuli. I ."K tho. «"Beaut, and the ontuo foico wns i «» l^'ïi8 °^Stmt Captain Tiulolon. Coplnh. 1 LovJn.1. °,Çr"11' Iaoutonnrts O'Boylo, I 2l?cl' î'"1 timhnm, Surgeon Doughty ,AI17 lust...oto. Soignant AInj.u Kcoloston « iZna g r! A"»011"'' Chisholm woio also on the "Sin^r1'"» Sohy, accompanied by Lioutoiunit Al f """»"ty "f " M S.S. Galatea, wntohod ruS,S",n Î bTt "»thoilvoi.fm the nuipuKo of like S'"«ll" to it» ncoiuiioy IIB rogaiilioloviition.il bnZlulfV^ latoiiil range being executed by «njeant-MajorEoolcsten, who was itationed, as pre. viously intimated, in the battery There wore also pre Bent a number of visitors, inoluding Captain Warren, R E , Su V riennng, Chiof Justice, Sir P Smith, tho bon AV L Dobson Attorney General, with his brothei, Mr P S Dobson, Air R P Adams, Solicitor Gonen.l, and many loading citizens Tho hung begin ns nemly aspossiblo at 10 o clock rhero was a slifc,ht misty ram falling at the time, but tho woathor piosonted every appearance of clearing up shortly, mid the expectations so raised woro in a short timo realised A light wind blow diagonally noioss the raii{,o to the left of flio at tho commencement, nnd as the foienoon wai o on it gradually freshened until at length it bad acquired force enough to interfere mate nally with tho precision of thopraotite Unfortunately tho many messing engagements arising out of the visit of tho Duko of Ldinburgli rondere 1 it impossible foi somo members of tho gun detachments to perform tho duties assigned them, and their places had, as a neces snry consequence, to be supplied by others AVe there fore give tbo names, not of the men originally classed by Staff Sergeant Mnjor Alderton, but of those who were actually piesent on the ground. There weio four prizes competed for, viz , one of £10 and one of £5 for shot practice, and one of £10 an 1 ono of £5 for sholl practica Eaoli detachment fired five rounds of 3 lb Bhot, and 5 of 8 inch shell and a trial shot and shell wore allowed to the first detachment According to the conditions the target was to bo moored a distance of botween 1090 and 1201) yards from the battery, but tho actual length of the lange wns nearly as possiblo 1150 yaids The tar get was struck twice with .121b shot, once by Seijeant Harris and once by Serjeant Beaumont and was so com pletely destioyedby a shell direoted by Serjeant Hnr bottle that a new one had to be substituted for it before the completion could be further proceeded with The filing commenced with the shot prnotice, and the first detachment to go to the 32 pounder was that of I Sergeant Robbn, whioh wa» composed as follows - No 1, Sergeant Sobhn , 2, Corporal El ans , \ I r "ino, n.ffin No 4 Ponrco 5 Milwnrd T 0 Mozger, 7, Jordan, 8, CaUow, 0, Sergeant Neilson The ti ml shot was fired by Staff Instructor Eooleston, nnd showed fair elevation, but waa designedly hutt well to tho right in ordor to prevent its striking the target, and so uitcrforing with tho subsequent practice The first shot was low, and a httle to tho right, the second an excellent shot, but a little to tho left, the third low, in good hue, the fourth in very good line, tho fifth untlei, nnd a little to the left. Tho noxt detachment was that of Sergeant Harris, and wns composo I as follows -No 1, SorgeantHnrua, 2, Gunner Digncy, 3, Oldham ,4, Fin long, 5, Honey, 6, Barnett, 7, Honey , 8, Corporal S Smith. The first shot was a long way short, in good hne, the second voiy closo under, and well in line, the thud knocked the head off the barrel, thefouitb »little ovoi, in good lino , and the fifth ovei, but in good lino 1 he noitdotnchniont was that of Sergeant Beaumont, and was composed as follows -No 1, Seigt Beaumont, 2, Best, 3, Alevvburn, 4, Hogg (Bombardier), 5, Hamp ton (Gunner), l>, Barnott, 7, Beaumont iho first shot was short, in good hne , the second a little neate., also in good lino , the third hit the tiuget and foi a moment quite concealed it m a cloud of dense snowy spiay , the fourth lowei than either of tho pre viousones, and tho fifth neal er than tho fouttb, but fiuthot than those befoie it i'ho noxt detachment was that of Sergeant Hal bottle, and was composed as follows -No 1, Sergeant Har bottle , 2, Coi pond Evans, S, Gunner Alewburn 4, AVcbb 5 AVilson , 0 Seager, 7, Pratt, A., S.Arohei The first shot wns low, but in line , the second still abort, but closer, mid a little to tho right , the thud n little shorter , tbo fourth still shatter, and tho fifth closer, but still short In tho firing of this detachment at the fourth round c.thei the fi iction tubo 01 lanyard failed to fulfil its office, und the.o was consequently a delny m filing occuued which told against tho detachment in the points foi time Xho following IB tho scoro of the Bhot firing as loughly minta up by Iustructoi Ecoleston - Si-HOT Bonus's Du \OHMKVF -Points foi nccunioy, 1510 0 Total, 7 Pointe for timo, 7 r> Total, 14 5 Si-HOT Hiuitrs' DI-TVOHVCFNT-Pointa foraeeuraoy, 0 4 10 5 Í Points for time, u 5 Total, 28 5 SutOT Bl-VUMONT'S DiTVOHVtPNT -Points foi nccimoy, 1 0 10 0 0 Points for timo, 2 5 Total, \i 5 In tins filing Coi pond Seager was No 9 SntoFV\T Ilvitnorrrp's DM vonuhVT--Points for accuracy, 0 0 0 0 0 Points foi time, 2 ö Total, 8 lu oi dei of mont-Hains, 20 5 Robhn, 14 5 Beaumont, \i 5 Hnibottlo, 8 Hie first pn/e theiefoio fell to Sergeant Hains's detnohment, and tho second to that of Sergeant Robin. Tho shell firing was then piocecded with, and íeaulted ns follows - Sergeant Robhn's detachment, fit st «hell rather shoi t, but burst ntgood elovation the second lather short suiulai te the hist, the thud short., the fou.th light ovci the tai got, and with good elovation , nnd tho fifth ovoi, nnd slightly to tho left Iho next dctiohmcnt wns Scigonnt Hains» First, sholl ovtiemelj olose , second n good woy to the light, the ¿hud a little high, m good lino, the fotutli veiy closo, nnd the fifth high to tho left In this filing Hulong wns No I, Honey No 7, und Quin tel Alnatei Sei géant Hool No ') 'Hie next detachment was Seigeaut Beaumont's Hie tust abell was high te the light, the second right ovoi the tiugot with good elevation, the third a littlo to tho left but voiy close, tho fourth lather high, and tbo fifth much too high 'Hie best wns Soigeant Hoibottlo's ttatachmont The fiist shell smashed tho tai get, and toi e away the flag staff Tho second wis a little shoit, the third sboit mid buist m the vvotci, the foiuth wns also low hut ve.y closo, mid the hfth all but hit tho tniget, nnd buist in tho witei In this filing Quoi toi mustei Sor'cant Hood was No ') The olhoial scoio, as loughly made up on the teinu nation of the contest, was as follows - Snini vvrltomiN'sDH voirurNr-Points for nccu moy, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, iioints foi time, 10 ">, total, 20 "i Si uri is i Hvmus'H Dn VUHVU'NI -P«mt» foi nee. racy, 1, 2, 2, 0 0 , points foi time, 13 5, total, 22 ri Si HOI iNi Bl vuitovi's Di-nenin-NI-Points foi ncourao), 1, 2,1,1, 0 , points foi time, 10 ?>, total, 10 "> Sritri vNi Hvmioirii-'s Dti VCHMI-NI -Points foi acoumo), b, 0, 0, 0, 3, points foi timo, 17 5, total, 20 5 lu ontai of meut Harbottle 20 5, Hain» 22r), Beaumont 21 5, Hobin. 20 ?» At the close of the hi nig the officers and mon partook of a lunch which had been piovidetl foi the occisión in the dull loom of tho company As soon as the íofioshmonts bad been disposed of, Singeant Ht vuvioM, having previously obtained tho pet mission of Captain Tai loton, proposed the health of the olheeis of the coi ps with three times throe 'iho to ist having been vol y enthusiastically l esponded to, Captain 1' vm KTOV saul bo should devolve tbo duty of lcsponihng on tho newly elected captain, Captain Solly It lind not boon ucccssar) that he should bo io-clccted, but ho behoved that if it was noeessaiy the company would havo elected lum (Cheela) As, howevei, the ontoitninmont wns moio piopeily ono given by the newly elected olhccrs ho thought it moto nppiopuiite thnt one of those gentlemen should return thanks Captain Solly said that it devolved upon him to return thanks for the honor which had just been done to the newly appointed officers. He therefore begged to return the most hearty thanks of himself and his his brother officers for the honor which had been done them in the reception of the toast proposed by Sergeant Beaumont. He was quite sure that the gentlemen who lind cmollcd thomselvcs in tho coi ps would dn then duty as thu ouginal corps had dono ita duty ni times jmst Ho tiustcd theio was now bofoio them a futuio such as neither thoy not Tasmania i.eod bo nshamod of Ho was coi tam that tho volunteer» of Hobnit Town, ns woll IIB those of tho not thcin sido of tho island, would always do thoir duty manfully and well,and ho tiustcd that when tho hour of danger como, and come it might, and that poihops soouoi than mi) body expected, thoy would nil bo found at thou posts Ho was confident that, as it stood nt pi osent, tho voluuteoi force would be able to givo a good account of my hostilo oi u.soi which might poko its nose into Hobm t Town (Cheers ) Por himself mid his biolhei olliceisbe had groit pleasure m letu.nmg thanks fo. the ve.y coubal manuel in which the toast had liccu iccoivcd Captain lal loton then announced the îosult of tho filing, and tho piocaodinga tcniinotod THE ROYAL CONCERT The grand concert, under the patronage and by command of His Royal Highness Prince Alfred came off at the Town Hall on the 13th January The hall was filled in every part, and not a seat was to be obtained, and in order to accommodate the large audience the folding doors at the lower end were thrown open, and a large number were furnished with seats there. The audience comprised a large number of the leading citizens, and the officers of the Galatea mustered in strong force The orchestra comprised about one hundred abd fifty performers, and the choruses were rendered with a fullness and effect worthy of the occasion. The opening overture was well played by the band, but its numerical strength was hardly equal to the piece. The sestettino " Instant Vengeance," from 'Lucia di Lammermoor, was sung with considerable spirit, and loudly applauded The Fisherman's Chorus from Masaniello, a lively spirited piece of music, had full justice done to it by the performers, and received, as it deserved, a merited round of applause. "The Death of Nelson," a song appealing to the feelings of every Englishman, was given by a gentleman amateur with great feeling, and elicited an unanimous encore, when Longfellow's "Village Blacksmith" was substituted, a song requiring more power than the amateur possessed to give it with effect. The duet " Soft fell the Dews" was sweetly sung by two lady amateur, and was deservedly applauded But by far the best solo of the evening was Handel's song from Acis and Galatea, " As when the dove " It was rendered by a lady amateur, whose abilities have been recognised on many previous occasions, with consummate taste and faultless intonation, and received a deserved encore ' The chorus " All hail our gallant Sailor Prince," the music of which was composed by Mr Frederick Packer especially for the occasion, was a spirited composition, and given by the performers with a fulness and precision which merited the encore it rapturously recieved The next piece was a selection of airs from Masaniello by the band of the Galatea, and we believe few were prepared for the treat in store for them The exquisite taste and skill with which the piece was performed was worthy of the highest praise The audience at the conclusion enthusiastically demanded an encore, the ladies joining most cordially, and showers of bouquets were thrown at the gallant band from every part of the hall There was no resisting the appeal, and the Galatea band responded to the demand by demand by playing a waltz and chorus, which they sang with great taste. The "Englishman" was very well rendered by a gentleman amateur, and 'Rule Britannia' as a chorus worthily closed the first part. After a few minutes' interval the audience were again delighted with a selection from L'Africaine by the band of the Galatea, played with consummate taste and skill, and which was, at the conclusion loudly applauded. The song "Robin's Return" was sung by a young lady amateur, who, we understood, made her first appearance, and, whose nervousness prevented her doing justice to a very sweet voice. At times she was hardly audible at the lower end of the hall The lively slave market chorus from Satanella, 'Merry Tunes' was given with spirit. Wallace's song " 'Ihe Sword and Sceptre," from Matilda, was sung with great taste, and would have been encored but for the lateness of the hour. But the gem of the evening was, undoubtedly, the selection from Gounod's Faust by the band of the Galatea. We have never listened to a more beautiful rendering of the wonderful and weird-like music with which the composer has seized the spirit of the poet, and converted tho poem into harmony, During the performance the entire audience was almost breathless with eagerness to liston, and at its close the tumult of applause, which arose rom all sides, was but a just tribute to the exquisite taste, skill, and ability with which the band played one of the most extraordinary compositions of the present day. " God Save the Queen,' by the united bands and the performers, the audience all rising, closed one of the most successful concerts ever given in Hobart Town The whole direction and management of the concert was undertaken by Mr Packer, and he deserves the highest praise for the ability which he displayed in getting it up, and the skill with which he led his band last night DINNER TO THE PETTY OFFICERS OF THE GALATEA An entertainment was given on the 11th Jan., by the non-commissioned officors of the 214th Regiment to the potty officors ot H M S S Galatea in the ser- geants' quai ters nt tho military barracks The repast wns provided by tho caterer of the sergeants' mess, and was extremely oieditabh/jjboth to the hospitality of the entertainers, and the judicious management of their agent The company waa, of course, composed exclu- sively of the representatives of the naval and mditary services immediately concerned in the proceedings The chair waa occupied by Serje mt Uni rett, and the vice chmr by Seigennt Flint The loynl toasts customarily drunk on such occasions wero duly proposed and m every case leceivctl with most entbusiastio oheenng, and at an eaily hour the company adjourned to engage m a dance which was improvised for tho occasion. The great event of the evening was the proposal by Sergeant Flint of tho health of the guests, or m othor words the non commissioned officers of the Galatea. To this toast un appropriate responso was made by Sergeant Major Thacker of tho royal manne ai tillery The other toasts of the evening wero duly proposed and received with the onthusuwm which is nowhere so apparentas at Buoh gatherings THE JOURNEY TO THE NORTH (pitoM OUR aPEour, REPORTER ) ROSS, Mo in vv EVENING, JVN 14TH H R H tho Duke of Edinburgh, in his reply to the address of welcomo presented to lum on his landing by tho citizens of Hobart Town, did the colonists the honor to lefer to tho " beauties of the scenery," but it would seem as though His Royal Highness was doomed to Bee very little of the na titi al beauties of the island. Almost since the day of his landing the country lins been " under a cloud," and the weather such ns to meclude any feeling of enjoyment in travel ling This is a matter, of course, wlnoh cannot be helped, but it is one that ia much to be regretted From tho indications of Sunday night, I hail hoped that we should have lind fair weather for the join ney north ward, mid that ¡i olear sky and genial sunshine would havo compensated m some degree for the disappoint intents anil discomfort which our Royal visitor baa al ready exponenced, but, nins, for human hopes there was " no such luck,"and His Royal Highness mid party have just milled a seventy miles journey, through n steady duzzling rain, Beemg very little more of tho country than lies within tho tange of about 100 yards of the road side Iho ram lins not been so heavy as on the | occasion of the Now No1 folk tup, but it has beon, if anything, more trying to the travellers, luavy squalls of sleet beating m their faces at nitei vals during the day The Duke has, howover, boine it bravely.nnd nevei once relinquished the ribbons At an early hour nil was bustle mid excitement in the New Town I distnct, Hags were being hoisted nnd hung out, arches decorated, festoons arranged, and Sunday school elul dren marshalled, and it waa half past eight o clock before the pieparations were complete Theie were three arches, the bist at Swan's lull bearing a floral mown, mid tho words " AVelcomo to New Town " in roses This was well decorated with flags, the Union Jack mid St George's ensign being conspicuous , but it must have beena disappointment to those who constructed it that His Royal Highness did not pass undci it The second wns of similar design, und wns tin own neross the toad opposite Mr Falconers residence This was nlso decorated with (loweis arranged in the foi m of a coronet, with the woids "Alf rod, Duke of Edmbuigh " The display of bunting on this inch was som eely woithy of mention The ai cb ncioss the toad opposite the Orphan School waa considered the chief decoration, and it WOB nothing very elaborate The design was tho samo as the arches ali cady mentioned, hut the floial décorations weie somewhat moro extensive, mid tho abutments weie piled up with foin tiees Tho nincuption was " Success attend thee," thus completing one sentence on the tinco niches On tho luvcise Bide the same in scuption appeared 'iho nich to which lam now refer rai, waa li inked by festoons of flower* and evergreens, with lows of flags, and on the top was a hugo crown of flowers, with the St Georges ensign, anil Union Jack draped The pnpei flowciBusod in the decor ition weio prepured by the ladies of the distnct who conti tbuted ¿000 rases, all honor to thom for then industry Across the drive leading up to tho Oiplian School was n light arch, which bolo the motto, ' God savo the Queen," over winch the Union Jack proudly floated This motto, I am told, pleased His Royal Highness veiy muoh whon he visited the establishment on Satin day, being an agi ecnblo change ft om the nisei lptions m Ins own honor which elsowhoio npponred In Mr Rout B paddock about 100 village childi on and cluldien of Sunday schools woio assembled, and on the othei side of the road were tho Oi phau School children, ranged in line, with Mr Robeits to conduct tlio singing on the in rival of tho Duke rho cluldien weie ranged up soon nftei half past eight o'clock,nnd they had a long time to wait before the coach which tiley so anxioualy looked for mude its ap- pearance Tho Hist signs of movement on tho part of the Royal pm ty was tho passing of tho Punco Alfred break, iluveu by Ali Hurst, conveying the servants mid luggago, this was nt 0 o'clock, mid tho children loudly eheeieil ns tho vehiclo wns ii liven through Noxt enme n pi i vate camayo with foui boises, du ven by Mr Ivoiy jumo,, oouvoymg Mr« Goto llrowno, Cap tam btuwaul, mid attendants Iho driver wns attired in a handsomo suit of scarlet hvory with a gold oi own on tlio mm lins carungo wa» also groetoil with loud cheers It wns ten minutes to 10 o clock lie foic the green coaoh, with four gi ey s, diivan by H R H the Duke of DdinbuiLji, ni rived under the arch, and au enthusiastic ohcei buist fiom the assembled children A veiso of the National Anthem was then sung vory cieditnbly, and tinco cheeis moro having been inven, His Royal Highness drove off, haviug been under the arch about foin minutes He was greeted with a shower of bouquets as he passod the children His Roynl Highness woro a blue pilot cloth shooting coat, coi I bl eedles, with riding boots, mid a black felt hat On tho box with him was tho Hon Sir R Diy, ami on the seat immediately behind His Excellency tho Govetnoi, Lieut Haig, Equeiry in waiting mid Mi Bueily Mr Avery, aoiuoi, and nnotbei attendant in livery occupied tho bick sent Inside the ciuch wns Mi Chevalier, who was engaged in tnking skotchos cn toute Aftci leaving the Orphan School the lío) al co ich piocecdcd str light on to O Bl ion's Bl idge tho bouses along the route being gaily docorated with flags, and in my groups of people ns nambling at vat rous points, loudly cheoilng the Duke Ai i iv ed ¡it O Hi ion'» Illidge the gothic mell of over gi cons, willoh I luivo befoio described, was inost elaborately ornamented with flin,« nnd over gi cens, und tho Avoiulupfiil the AViuden, Di Butler, M H A., with the nionibei» of tho Glonoiohy Alumoipnl Council, mid nbout 150 of the residents wero m waiting to îcceivo His Royal Highness Tinco loud cheeis weio given IIB the couch was pulled up undci the arch, mil, Di Biitlor.adviinomg, picsontod tho follow ing address - " lo His Royal Highnoss Prince Alfred Einest Albert, Duko of Clmbiiigb, -.Vc " Wo tho Windell and Councillors of the Municipality of Glouorchv, lepresenting Hoi Majesty's most dutiful subjeots, rom lent m this dish ict, nvnil ourselves of the oppoitimity afforded us by the progress of your Royal Highness thiough tho Municipality, to giyo expression to otu loyalty, and nttnehmout to Her Most Grooious Majesty's person, and throuo " The visit of Youl Royal Highnoss to this colony ia an earnest of tho interest t ikon by our Most Gracious Qtieoii, iu the welfare of hoi subjects, m tlio most dis taut poi ts of her dominions " Wo congi uti'lnto) our Roynl Highness on your safo an iv ni ni this colony, mid earnestly trust that health and linppinuess inay.nttoii 1 you in yom visit, and that you iniiy have a spoody mil piospoious voyage on your i oluru homo " (Signed) " HKNRV BuTLttt, Warden. "HIVRYBILTOV, JP "JOHNBRENT, JP " FHBDMUOK BUOK " R. W SiioomtiuuB, " AV MURRAV "ISVAO AVRIOHT, J P His Royal Highnoss handed to tho AVarden the foi lowing leply - " Gontluuioii,-I accept youl a idross with much s it» faction, mid bog you to convey to the inhabi tunta of your Municipality tho expression of tho pleasure which it lins given me to ro ooivo tho nssuranca of your loyal devotion for tho tin ono mid person of tho Queen, and of their recoz nition of tho intoiest taken by Her Majesty ia tho wel faro of hoi I'asiniman subjects I thank you heartily foi yom congratulation on my safe arrival, und for your good wishos for my futuro happiness und success " (Siguod) ALFRED " lo tho Wardon and Couuoillors of the Municipality of Glenorchy " The line of route from this point to Bridge watei was decorated with Ilng8,ovorgreoti8, and mottoes, and whorovei populntton is settled, the residents turnod out und chociod loudly At Ali Pago a stablos,Bridgo watei, n chango of horses was obtained, and the patty rofioshoil thoniHolves from a well stocked boot Mr Joshua Mooro, who had accompanied tho coaoh to this point, i etui ned to town Tho paity now proceeded across the causeway, bomg loudly oheeroil by the lost dents assembled nt this spot On ni ii val at the township of Buchten a crowd of about tinco hundred poisons vvas assembled mi let a veiy hnudsomo arah profusely decorated with evoigieons, flowers, and flngs, and bealing tho word " AVolcomo ' On a dius were assembled tho Windon, Councillor« and othei oflloinls und on tho cm ungo drawing up, Mr Finlay, T P , piesentod the add less of the Municipality, cuolosod in a veiy liandioine portfolio The address was tis follows - " lo His Royal Highness Prineo Alfred Ernest Albert, Duke of 1 dinbiiigh, Duke of Saxony, Priuceof Si.xo Cobuig and Gotha, KG.fa " \Iav it pienso )oui Royal Highnoss, " wo, the Wurden mid Cotinotllm» of the Municipality of Brighton, in tho colony of Fusiiiania, on buhalf of the iiihnbitiiuts of tho said Aluiiicipahty, bog loavo to offci to youl Royal Highness a liemtfolt British welcome to this ptrt of fiummiiii " Our gi oat diatnnco from England must over prevent us from personal manifestation befoiu our illustrious Quoon of oui devotion and attachment to hor crown and pui son , and wo hail with HIIICOI o pleasure the auspicious visit of her second sou m the inman of yom Royal Highness as a favourable time lui tho display of tho oynlty and devotion of her distant subjeots " lu common with the British people wo feel a natural nrido ni the uhoieo you havo mudo of n profession Dostined ns wo believe you to ho to fill a high mid nu import mt position in Hoi Majesty's aorvico, wo seo in tbiituhoico a gum an tee no less of the »oouritv of the colonies tim i the stability of Loglund, und wo trust that vvlulo liisniiiiiiiiHliall bo roincmburod by younann integral poittun of thu Hiitmli Lmpiiu, you will retain Homo phuiHing locolleetion» of tho iimgiilHcuiicu of her valley«, the salubiity of her climate, and the alfoctionato loyalty of hor people " His Royal Highness graciously received the address, and uioHoiitud tho following reply - I " Goutlomeu,-I beg you to express to the iuhabl | tanta of the Municipality you represent my sincere thanks for the hearty welcome I have lecoived,- a vvel oome which I the more heartily accept, ns I recognise in it the manifestation for the throne anil poison of Hei Majesty, of which you nssuro me in your nddress " The profession, to which I have the honor to belong, lins happily onabled me as captain of ono of Hor Majesty's aluns, to visit this distant poi turn of her do mimosa, and I cm assure you that I uball long remember tho ploasuro which I hnvo douvod from my stay in Tasmania, from the journey which I um now making amidst hor magnificent sconery,nnil fiom tho affectionate welcome which hoi loynl people have given me " ALFHKD " To tho Wanlen nnd Councillors of tho Municipality of Brighton " On driving off Hia Royal Highnesa was most onthu siaatioally choerod, and tho ground was fairly stievvn with the bouquets which were pelted after the cat ringo The coach stoppd at Aha New'«, Ciown Hotel, to change horses, and His Royal Highnesa honoured the establishment by partaking of lefresluiients The fiont of the hotel was handsomely festooned, and the letters A E. A. with a crown were appropriately giouped The Royal pi ogress was, fiom thispomt, unmatked by any moulent until the arrival at Gieen Ponds, «t the entrance to which township a very fine triumphal arch waa erected It waa 3G ft high by 48 ft wide, and waa entirely constructed of oak and gum branches, oma mented with a profusion of flowers and surmounted by fera trees The nroh was m design vory similai to that erected in Munay street, but without tho illuminations It had a centre arah and two side nrches It was de oorated piofusely with flags and flowers, and bore on the Hobart Town side the incnption, "AVelcome Royal Duke," and on the Launceston side, "God save the Queen " Undor it was a dais, on which atood tho Avarden, G A Kemp, Eaq, aiultho councillois of the municipality, and from two to tlnee hundred of the residents had assembled to cheer tho Duke On the carnage stopping, the Warden advanced and presented the following address - " io His Royal Highness Pr nee Alf ted Ernest Albert, Duke of rdmburgh, Knight of tho Alost Honorable Ordor of the Güter, &o; " Afay it please yoni Royal Highnoss, "We, the inhabitants of the Rural Afumcipabty of Green Ponds, bog to tender to y our Royal Highnoss our congratulations upon your safe ni rival at tina remate dependency of the British Enipne, nnu to accord you our hearty woleomo " Wo beg to nssuro your Royal Highnoss of our loyalty and devotion te the throne and person of Her Most Gracious Majesty Quoon Vic toi ia, aad our film attach- ment te the British Constitution " We hail the viait of your Royal Highness aa an earnest of that thoughtful caro and > eg ml for the wel- fare and happiness of nil hor «ubjects which have ever characterised the aetiona of our lovorod and beloved Sovereign and receive it ns an acknowledgment of that loyalty which has ever distinguished tho inhabitants of this islaud, ami which this paisonol visit of your Royal Highnoss will temi to stiongthen nnd peipetunto "In prejentmg this nddioss to youl Roynl Highness we desire also to oxpiess oui grotitudo te Almighty Gd for pluciug over us a Sovoi oign so worthy of oui rovoi - unco mid love, and for ahelteung our nation fiom those revolutions winch have shaken thrones mid empires, nnd from which wo tuiat Ho will continuo to defend us " With every loyal wish foi the laug hfo, health, and prosperity of your august Mothoi oin Alost Gi ncious Queen, your Roi al Highness, and all tho mombors of tho Itovnl Fanulv " AVe havo tho honor to lomani, "Your Ro)al Highuoss's " Alost obedient humblo sei vants, "GA KEMI-, " Chnn mnn of Meeting " Hia Royal Highness lotuinod tho following reply - "Gentlomou,-lu returning you my siueoro thanks for your congratulations on my sofo ouivnl nmong you, 1 wish to assure you that the greatest satisfaction that I can derivo from this pleasant visit is the hops that you recognise in it the earnest nf that caro and affection foi all her subjects, which tho Queen indeed feels " I'ho expresaron of your uiidiimmshcd loyalty towards her thro.ie und person will ho most eantcful to the Queen, amil shill not fail to convoy te Her Alujosty ni) convie tion that sho lins no raino faithful subjects than the m habitants of this island "Signed A M tun " To the inhabitants of tho Rural Municipality of Green Ponds " ' Having delivered Ins rent), HIB Roynl Highness drove off amid tho cheers of tho ussemblotl lesidents The arrangements foi celebrating the occasion nt this township »cerned to bo voiy complote Illumination» were to be held in the evening, and mo to bo repeated on the 17th mst, when throo large bonnies will bo lighted, viaiblo m Hobart Town A whole sheep was to be roasted ni the ovening by Ali D. Brown, of tho Exchango Hotol, and diattibutoil with hi ead and ale iho hotels mid the leading pnvoto houses ni the disttiot Weie veiy gndy decorated m honoiu of the occasion, notably the AVibnot Arms, tho Exohnnge Inn, and tbo Tmf Hotel On leaving Green Ponds His Royal Highueas preceded without stoppage to Melton Alowbray, staying to lunch at S BUokweH'f, Esq , tho Melton Alowbray Hotel Hore he was received by Mis Gore Biowne, mulei whoso immediate supervision everything had bien arranged for his comfort His Royal Highness auivod at thiR point of his join ney at about half-past one o'olock, and the hospitable host did all in Ina powci to piovule a luncheon woi thy of the occisión, winning tbo beni ty approval of the patty BOSS, TuEáDU, Jw 15TH The hotel at Alolton Alow bray was tastefully decorated with avcrgrcons devices boing ananged in tho yellow floweis of the "ovoilasting"-o ciown and anchois, with the lotteis PA., on a white ground At Constitution Hill a pi etty light areli waa thrown across the road well decorated, mid nt the Baptist Chapel a bnnnci was suspended, bearing tho insoiiption, 'TeaiGod, honoi the King " At Spuiu Hill also, thara win twligUt malt amana tho rod, composed of cvurg.cons anil Ho wet s and having a Moral «own on the top, with the nisei iptious, " Wcl como to Punco Alfied," "Welcome Siuloi Punce" Hore u nuniner of tho residents nsflomblel and cheered tho Duke Horses were ohnnged at Air Pngo's station, Joncbo, nnd tho lio)al naity pioccedod on through that villngo The school house adjoining tho chuicli wns veiy tastefully decorated with small flags, arranged ulong tho gobio end of the budding , while m front was extended ovo. tho woll a huge Union Jack, pendent above which was nu meho. of oveigieons and flowora auimoiuitod by a handsome floral ciown Tho township of Oatlands wits conspicuous foi the reception which it uccoided to His Royal Highness The whole of tho shops and placen of business were clo»cd, and tho day was observed as a gono.-al holiday Iho houses wore gay with cv cigioeiis.flow eis, mid flogs, while tranapiirencies, ami "AVclcomos' were displayed m every imaginable style In fiont of Cm no's hotel a large plotfoim was i un out, covered w ith n cm pot, foi the accommodation of tho \vraidon and the memheis of the Alun.cipal Council, and a beautiful tuple inch was thrown aeioss tho read at the same point bealing tho insoiiption, "AVelcoiiio to Punco Alfied" On the arrival of tho couch the resident i, who had assembled te tho i.umbei of about foin hundred, cheered lustily H li H acknowledged the compliment, nnd drew up under tbo inch, when Mi AVnidun Koo advanced,anil presonted tho address of the municipality, in a beau ti lui turned coso of Huon pine The nddiess wns ns follows - 'ToOintnu His Royal Highuoss Alfiul Truest Alboit, Duke of Saxony, Duke of LMinbiugh, mid Eml of Kent, Knight of tho Most Honorable Ordoi of the Gai toi, io " May it pie iso Your Royal Highnoss, " Wo, tho Warden ami Councillors of tho Hurd Alunicipabty of Oitlnnds, in Tasmam i, humbly testify our alfoctionato devotion and loyalty te out Sovereign Ldv the Queen hy mort hciutily wishing Vour lloyal Highness welcoino te this i emote poitiou of ilei Majesty's vast dominions ''AVe mo unable to find udoqu.te language to express our doon aenso of the bono, poid us by tho presenco of Vour Uoynl Highnesa here, mid tender out hoirtiost welcoino, sincerely hoping that Vom Royd Highness will always rome nboi- with pleasure your visit to Tasmania We accept it its a strong ovntanco of tho kindly and increasing înteiest Her Majesty takes in ho. Australian possessions that she has thus permitted ona of hoi sous to come so far to visit us " AVe hivo tho houor to snbscubo ouiaolves, " Youl Royal Higlinoss's most humblo aud obedient »on »nts "Jouv Rowr.ANn Rot, AVmdeii. "JOKVL B TvuuiT "W Huutisov " ÍHOHÍ VS LlTTWCHir D "H JONIS, JUNO. "THOMis Buitnuiti " GEOHOI- WILSON, JUVH His Royal Highness on receiving the address lotiu ned the following reply - " Gontlomon,-I necopt tho wolcoinu you havo givon me, the moro grotofiilly na I fool it is the earnest of your affect.om.to devotion and loyalty to the Queen, who by poimitting mo to visit tina colony has given you BO good a proof of hor affectionate interest ni tho welfare of he. «ubjeot» here. "Tho mniinoi in which I havo bionrecoivcd could eu dear auy ph.ee to me, mid li ia, I nssuio you, doubly increased tho pleasure I naturally enjoy m travelling through tho uingiulitoiit scuiieiy of this island "Au BID "To the Warden nnd Oouncillois of tho Rural Minnel pulity of Oatlands " Horses were thon ohiuigod and tho Roynl pin ty di ovo off amid tho onthusinstio cheeta of tho assembled crowd Tho drive as fin as the Hnlf AVoy House, was nltngothei dovoidof montant This waa well decora ted with ilovvois and ovei-gicons festooned, and a niimhoi of lings weio also display ed in honoi of theocea sion Tho Ko) al pa. ty stopnod at Air Page's station, Antill Ponds, where horses wera nguiu changed The only decorations he tw ecu this point and tho turn of the road [toiling to Mona \rnlo woi o thoBo at th» V.otona Hotol, Tanbiidge, and thev wore of tho stereotyped class,n eiavvu mid initials bomgdisphvyed on tho fiont of tho building in flow eis At tho junction of tho read loading to Alona A'nlo, the Pinico wns received by a hvouud outiulm, sont by tho Hon li Q Koi mo In to guide bia Royal guest to tho state]) mansion where IIOWIIH te naas the night Illili hore passed mulei u voiy handsome inch of ovoi gi eena and flowers, decorated with a beautiful St Geoi go's ensign, and tho Union jack, and heming tho woids " God aovo the Queen" a.ranged in hugo white rosta on a ground of blue oloth, bordered with blight motallio priants This arch, mooted hy tho hospitable gontloninn whom His Royal Highness honored with his prosouco, waa certainly one of tho nootost structures nf tho kind along tho whulo line of route I understand that two other arches »panned the io id between ita junction with tho main hue and the mansion I did not, how «vei, follow His Royal Highnesa to Alona Valo, and oanuot m th.» communication givo a doaoi iption of the preparations mode for His Rovol Highness'» íocop tion I hope to bo able to do so on tbo return trip At Holton Collogo tho Union Jaok was displayed, mid at every building botweou this point and tho township of Ros» linga and floral decorations of «orno kind woro conspicuous At llosa ovo. y ona waa involved, on my nu Wal, in tho oxoitomont of prepara tion Nearly every houso ia now festooned with Ilovvois and evergreens, and a largo number of (Inga hovo hcon received from town which will add materially to the g ucty of to mon ow '» i ctention 'I ho areli erected in tho centre of the niiun ntleot is a unique iilTnii It is a combination of three niches, and ia eonatiuotod of (lower* mid ovorgroeu» On tho front ia tho inscription, " AVolcomo to ourSmloi Punce," and on the reverse " God Save the Qiu.oii,"»uiiiiountingallis ii voiy | largo mdel of a three dookei cnpnblo of bonig illuminated at nicht The arch was designed by the Rev Mi Brownrigg, and its erection has been snpei intended by Mr T JÏ Richards To morrow, wenthoi peiinitting.ii great treat is to be given to the Sunday Behool chili en of tho district, nnd in tho oveiung theio will be a general illumination nuda display of fireworks I'll« adihess is to be piesentod by the AVniden, Mr P T Smith The programme of the day's pioceedmgs will include pupulai sports, undi hear that Mi Crnvvfoid, of Ellenthoipc,hn8 innde arrangements to send nil lus tenants with their fanuhos to the township m decoi vtod waggons ARRIVAL Ar LAUNCESTON (FROM OUR SPP01AL REPORTER ) LAUNCESTON, TuEsnu EVEVIVQ, IVN 1«TII In my hist letter I loft H R H tho Duko of fcdinbuigh undor tho hospitable îoof of the Hou It Q Keunodo, Esq, at Mona Yale, mid the uccounts which have reached me of the magnificent ontoitnmiuont provided foi him by that gentleman fully beni out ntl expectation upon that point, mid His Roynl Highness expiessed himself extremely gratified at the arrangements which were made foi his comfort For some time prior to His Royal Highness's am val, Mr Dobbie, mnnngmg man foi Mes3is Hamilton and Sons, wns engaged in completing tho fnuntin o mid fittings, nud eveiy I thing wan of the most elaborate and lec/iei lie description On tlio journey bomen uni I shall tnko an opportunity of desonbing tho preparations His Roynl Highness left Mona Vale soon nftei li o'clock this morning, and nriived at Ross ntnbout twenty minutes to 12 o'clock The township wns very gmly decorated to receive lum, the aich m the oentic of the town pi« senting an extremely handsome appeal ance The Ross Hotel was gmly oinnmentetl with flowers and ovcrgieens, and flags flutteied from the windows At Mi Bncon's stores opposite theie wns a very splendid display of flowers nnd ovorgioeiiB nrmnged m six feet letters, nnd showing tho initials Ali A., A7R Tho other public houses on the township wei o nlso well decorated, and many of the pnvnto lcsidences also showed devices m ovorgiceus and flowers, while nil dis played flogs of some descnption 01 othoi There weie about 350 persons pissent m tho vicinity of the nroh when tho Royal coaoh m rived, nnd on its np proach these persons cheered lustily At the ai eli four grooms were m readiness te reçoive tho team, being dressed uniformly m led shuts, white biccchcs, I elts, and blaok hats On a dais on the right hand side of the arah wns the AVnrdon, P T Smith, Esq , with the Councillors of tho Municipality, tho Rev Mr Brownrigg, and othor gentloraea On the opposite side the Sunday school children to tho number of 200 wei c drawn up Tho AVarden, with a few picfntoiy i emin les, presented to His Roynl Highness tho following nil dross - j "To His Roynl Highness Alfied Ernost Albort, Duke of Edinburgh, &c; "ftlay it pieuse youl Roynl Highness, " We the Waldon, Councillois, nnd lnhnbitutits of the Municipality of Ross heieby welcome yom Royal High ness to this distnct "Wo havo henid with pudo nnd satisfaction of tho loyal demonstrations which luivo mot yum lio)ul High ness on nil sidos since youl nuivnl m these colonies, mid wo desire in like munno! to pioscnt otu henitfolt grootiugs to the son of oui beloved Queen "Wenssuro your Royal Highness thnt wo cherish those foehugs of loyalty and dovotion to Hoi Majost)'s tin ono and person which pievail throughout bul wide dominions, tud we cntettntti a foi vent hope thnt this visit will bo tho menus of stiongthomug tho ties between the mother couutiy nnd tho colonies " (Signod) PlltMP f SsttTU, AVnrdeu, " Ou bohalf of the Councillors and residents " His ltoynl Highness retuuied the following loply - " Nothing has given mo greutoi plcnsuio throughout my stny iu these oolsnios than to obseivo how cigeily each distnct mid town hasten to assure mo of thou finn loyalty towaids the Queen, und to welcome mo ns her sou, and I thank you smceiely foi the patt you havo taken in this universal feeling I join with you most bein tily in the hope that my visit may havo the efface of stieiigthcmug tho tics which havo always so niloc tiountcly united hoi Aus ti allan colonies to ¿nglaud "ArmtD "To tho Waiden, Couucillois, and inhabitants of tho Municipality of Ross " On tho carnage leaving the eiowd again obooied, but not until u good still t had been given , mid His Royal Highness pissed on to Campbell lowu Iho addiosspio sonted at Ross to His Royal Highness was nicely en grossed in bluo ink with led capitals, and suuounding nil wns a hnndsomo scroll boidei of oak leaves mid acorns in gold At Campbell Town theie wies ii consul cmblo deiiiimsti-ition On tho budge ii neat nichof cvoi gi cons had been elected, ovoi which weie several Union Jacks and St Georges ensigns, mid ovoi all the Royal Stniidnnl of Encland The vvoul " AVclcomo" waa neatly arranged ulong the top of tho ni cb in mcduuvnl charaotei-8, and flanked by tho liutials P V , many of the pilvitto houses, and nil tho hotels ni the township weio decorated with lings, mid 'AVolcomo" wns ovoi y wheio conspicuous All the nuangoments weio com plete foi n numerous cavalcade at this point, but this was abandoned in dofeionco to tlio wishes of tho Duko On the in uval of tho co ich undci the inch the people, who had congregated to tho numbai of about 400, cheored most enthusiastically The p u ty having p u taken of some lefiesbmont, HIB Roynl Royal Highness again Btnrted on his join ney, and Cleveland waa i eaohod without inn tioular incident At this point thci o wns veiy little in tue shape eithci of decoration 01 demonstration Mi Potoi biiutli, of the Baldfaccd Stag lind a few flngs flying, mid hero His Roynl Highness stopped foi a few moments On staiting tho people nssenibled cboeicd loudly, nnd a numbei of Kangaroo dogs lushod out from the stable ynid, frightening the hoiscs, which went olf nt full gnllop, und gnve His Roynl Highness some troublo to mnstoi At Epping theio was ii buof stoppage, mid tho Boynl pmty then went on to Mi Pago s station at Snake B inks, whole a chungo of boises wns nguiu obtained At Ali Hoggs, Eagles Return Hotel, a numbai of persons hud assembled, ami ohocied the Duko most cathu sinslicully ns ho passed thiough From this point tho coach pioceodod without special moulent to Poith lins little township, with its splendid stono budge, mid beiutiful uvei ftho Lsk),hnd a veiy nentl) mooted mob The design vv is a centro nnd sido mohos, and tho Btiactiiio wns decorated with cvmgioons mid flowois I loin tlio contle nich was suspended a floral crown, and at tho ingles tholotteis V R , from tho side nrohos a stir mid ¡melun, mid ovei thom tlio letters P mid A, all tastefully foi mod with flowers Above the mell wns the word " AVelcomo," in hugo floral lotteis , suspended mid surmounting this was the baniici of tho Peith A\ orkmg Men's Benefit Society, vv lth the motto, "Beni yo ono another« burdens," which upon tho ai uval of His Royal Hijmcss was dipped, tho compliment being duly acknowledged by tho Prince J'he sjimis of the inch weie about foi ty feot high, lind then tops weie decorated with ensigns and lings All thiough tho township ensigns and flags woio gully displayed, which gave ti voiy lively appearance Tho town ship of Pel th is ni tho wealthy mid hugely pojiu lntcd distnct mid municipality of Longfoul 'iho grant m aid foi a demonstration ni the disti ict w ns not accepted by tho Municipal Council, nnd then nu np plication from tho seciotaiy of tho Peith committee was mudo to the lion Colonial l'i cusin cr foi assistance '1 ho reply was that the gi ant ni md having boen i efused by tho Longfoul Municipal Council, it could not now bo granted to puvnto individuals " So tho peoplo of Peith, not daunted by thoso discouragements, stun moiled tho members of tho Peith AVoikmg Men's Benefit Society, and the), to show lcspcct to Hil. H the Duke of rdinbuigh and loyalty to Hoi Majesty tho Queen, deteuumed upon erecting nu inch A subsci iption list was oponed mid tho ladies conti lbutoil voi y hnndsomoly, so much so that tho ni oh wns finished with thoir conti ibu tunis Anothci list was then opened foi subscilptions foi n childi en's feast His Royal Highness iiiuvcd undci the arch nt about 4 o'clock, nnd wns locoivoil with loud cheeis by the people nssenibled He changed hoiscs, and passed on The loutc was now clem foi Launceston, mid no pu ticulni lnoiilont occurred until the nuiviil of tho jim ty nt 1 miiklm villigo Hoiovciy profuse floi ii decorations weie displayed, and a largo numbai of lings of all soits mid sues wei o ff) mg About .¡00 pot sons weio assembled in the village and about 100 cscoitcd tho royal cai ungo toLumceston on hoisoback On nuivinguttho villago His Koynl Highness diovo up to the Joidnu Hotel, wheio a cm ungo and foin was waiting foi lum His Royal Highness at once alighted, mid took his scut m the ciuungo accompanied by His hxccllenoy the Govotnor, tho Hon SirR Di), and Mi Haig, Mossis Chovnlior mid Buoiloy following m miathci convoy ance Thocniungo wtisduven by 1' C Aichet, I'sq , jim , mid Joseph Al eliot, Esq , M L C occupied a scat on tho box Iho town of Launceston nt this timo was m a veiy oxcitod state, and ovoiy piopaiation had bcou nindo to lender tho reception a complote succoss A dais lind been eicetcd on tho pathwii) ni front of Mis Young's houso at tho Sand Hill, foi the accommodation of tho Mayoi and Couucillois of tho town und of tho vniioun miinioipnhtiOB, undutthotiniooflbenitivulthoio wore upon thoplntfoiin tho following gentlemen -His AVoislup tho Mnyoi and Aldui mon of tho town of Lim neos ton, thoRevB 1 Hale», Williams, AV A Biooko, Messis Jns Aikenhead, AV Johnstone, James Roboitsou, AV Gunn, Pohco Magistrate, Di iMillei G Smith J Cox Govoiuoi of Gaol, T AVlutofooid liccordci, Charles Thomson Managoi Bank of Armi Diomon's Land, It Ü Gunn, J Murphy, 1 AV Kemp, Railway CominiBSionet , Eviiudalo Municipality, J Ralston, Windon, AV Atkins, H B Dovvio, T Gibson, J Sinait, AV Sidobottom, T Bijun, Longfoul Mum oipnht), AV Dodei), Windon, H B NiokolK Dowling, AV Gibson, G Gibson, R Aiolun, John Hall, West buiy, J P Jones AViuden, R M A)io, D llttiko, II Laird, J Millai, T AV 1 leld.R li Douglas, Deloraine, t H Douglas, AViiidon, A. 1 Rooke, J liolil, S Homy, A AVignn, S Shoioy, 15 G Home An inch of ovoigicous bud been tin own ncioss tho road at the entrance to the tow it, but it vvasaiiu0l) mid poonina stiuoturo, wholl) dev out of any attempt at oi miniont ínsula this inch tho Launceston Aitilloiy Coips.undoi the command of dipt llmrup,vvasditiivnup, and nlso a detnnhniout of tho Light Civnhy who woio to nut IIB the Pi Ince s cscoi t The vm tous publie bodies, including the Ino bligndos and Oddfellows,woio nimngoil in Olden with thou Iniiuois by about half past tinco o'olook, tlio marshal foi tho day being Lieut Colonel Homo On the outside of tho moll lining tho io id on ' eithoi sido weie about 1">0 hoisomon from the Longfoi I and Bv nudillo municipalities His AVoislup the Mii)ni, Join Scott, Laq , M H A , occupied ii Heaton tho front of tho platfoim with Mi Hum), tho'lowu Clink, ¡uni on n cushion of ci union velvet In) tho caskot, m willoh it was intended to pi osent tho nddioss lins was a handsome box of pine, inlaid with valions fane) woods, the deaigip being the Stm of tho Cm toi and tin auolioi lu tho contle of the hil was n ducal coi ono t, of l'nigul gold, beneath which was a shield bealing the inscription, " PicHiiitod by tho Mayoi, Aldnuncn, and bmgössen of the town of Launceston, in Tasmania, to li It li tho Duke of Edinburgh on thu occasion of lus v tstt to thnt town, Jnntiury, 181,8 " '1 ho caskot was oi niimontcd nt tho coi nora by spugu of 1 oigot mo not m 1 ingiil gold, and in front woio two massive olnsps of tho »anio piooious motal The numbul of persons congregated at tho baud Hill was veiy largo,-piabubly not loss than 500i),-and a iiiiging ohoei was gi von when tho cm ungo diow uj) undoi the moll, at half past 5 o clock His Worship then adviinocd, nnd, nddi easing tho Punce, Bind,-"Su,-On behalf of tho inhabitant« of tho town of Launceston, I bog to thank y ou foi yum graoioiiB condescension m having consented to visit tho northern capital AVith join Rojal Hiolm08s's poi nussion I will now lead you an iidibcss of welcome the Mayoi then lend tho nddioss as follows - "To Osptnui His Royal Highness Punco Alfiod Li ni st Albeit, Duko of Rdinbuigh, Knight of tho ¿Most Noble Oulei of tho Galtet ,ío "May it ploaso)Oui ltojnl Highnoss, "We, tlio Mvyor, Aldornion, mid Burgesses of tho Town of Launceston, In Tiuupnuia, most cordially web come vom Royal Highness to this the northern capital of the island " Wo respectfully beg to nssure your Ro)nl Highness of our continued devotion nnd loynlty to the pcison and throne of youl illustiious mother, oin most ynuous Sovereign " (Ve feol thankful that )oui voyage te these I'istuit ports of Hei Majesty's dominions has, undei Divine Providence, proved snfo lind jnospoious mid wu sin coi ely hope that your prosont visit to Tnsniaiiia may in aftei years bo colled to remombranco with pleasure and satisfaction " Eornostly ti uatmg that your Roynl Highness, with youl good ship the Galitei, may return ni Biifety to your nntiv o lnnd, " Wo linvo the honoi lo bo, "Youl Roynl Highness's mot faithful mid doioted "soivnnts, "Foi the Mn)or, Aldoimen, mid Burgosses, JOHN SCOTT, Muyoi " Tomes Horny, Town Cloik (L S ) " Hie nddicsswus beautifully engiosscd in illuminated text on vellum His Royal Iliglmeaa graciously ro coived it, and road tho following reply - " Gontlomon -I have i eceivcd yournddrcsa with much satisfaction, nnd in thanking you for the cordial mannei in winch you havo i oeci vtd mo at Laiinceaton,iind for vnur kind wishoafoi my welfare and happinoas, Inlsograttf.lily acknowledge on behalf of tho Queen youl expressions of devotion und loynlty to Hei Majesty's throno and por son I assure yon that it has iddeil m no ainnll degi eo to the happiness of my stn) nmong you to find that you are nil so eogsr to assure me that nowhere has Her Majesty moto devotedly loyal subjects than in Tasmania "ALFRKD " The \lnyoi and Aldermen of the Town of Launceston " On debvoung the reply to His AVorship tinte loud cheers were given by tho enthusiastic populace, and the procession moved off m tho following oiuoi - Ailvonco Guaid, Light Cavoliy Volunteei Aitdlory Band Tire Brigades, with Engines, &c; Manchestei Unity Independent Ordoi of Odd Fellows Older of Reoliabitos Anciont Independent Oidei of Odd Follows Band Burgosses and others, four deep, wenung blue îosottes on loft bi east C u l inges of Aldermou of the Town of Launceston Cairnigo of tho Right Worshipful tho Alayor of Linn costón, attended by his Officers Coinage containing His Royal Highness, mid His E\\. cellency the Govoinoi, with eacott of Light Cavalry Carnages of their respective suites, Mombors of Government, &o; Carriages of Local Reception Committeo Hoads of Public Dopaitments AViudens and Councillois of Rural Aluiuoipahtios Cavalcade of Hoi semen Tho procession oxtendtd foi a veiy long distance, and was on tho whole a great success It» route wns along AVellmgten street te licdeuck stieot, up that atieet to St John stteet, at the comer of which n Iilotfonn lind hoon erected, mid was densely ciowdtd iy about 4000 Sunday school childi on Tho sight was a most imposing ono, nnd nffoidod the Punco tho highest gratification Hie plntfoun wns a good height, und m the foi m of au ampluthc .tie, and the children could be well seen from tho street At this point the tiowd was veiy dense, and there could not hove been less tlinii from 12,000 to 13,000 poisons in tho stieot The Nntionol Anthem was sung well, omi in cv collent tuno, Ali Thomas Sh irp conducting, and then the children cheered most lustily, and shown ed at the Punco a peifeot nvalaiicho of bouquets The preces sion then proceeded down St John street te Cimitiere street, along that street tot bin les street, up that stieot to Busbmo street, and nong Buabane stieet to the Club Hotel, where tho Punco wis received hy a guard of honoi of tho Aitilloiy His Royal Highnoss having entered tho house, the Al tillen y furnished senti ios, and the members of tho colpa will mount guaid leguhuly liming tho Duke's stay lor this BOIVICO five squads of twelvo mon each havo boen told olF, nnd tho stntues will bo ícliovcd evoi) boin i'ho preparations at the Club are veiy complote Hie piopuetoi, Ali Johnstone baa had tho houao thoroughly redeem iited mid newly furnished, nnilAlrs Mollison, of the L unices ton Hotel, lues undertaken to o itoi foi the Roy ii pi. ty No q\\.pouso has been sp n ed on hei unit to lender the Duke's comfoi t complete, and so fin the iiiningomonts havo given tho most poifcot sit.sfaction During the gieatoi jnrt of the day tho wcathci was extremely fine, butas the precession pibsed through tho towitsovoiol snout showers fell lu cou sequence of this it was doornail advisable te postpone tho toi-chhght pi occssion of boats to tho cot ..act, and tins was dono uftoi n constitution between tho moinbcis of tho reception committeo, I fis Royal Highness con omi nig m tho m rangement At mont 'I o clock the ram hod all cleared otl, tin night waa beautifully still, and about l.'iOOO persons wore m the stieets to witness tho general illuminations J hose weio paitiouliily sue cessful, and of a vc.y ei editable chuoctei I muât confine myself to n few of the lo uliug devices 'Iho chef d'auvic oí tho whole nlfiiu wns most undoubtedly tho 'low ii Hall, mid tina had a voiy magnificent effect Along the pnrapct on tho Ciñieron atieet side was the insoiiption, "An' vvill)e no como hook again'' am rounding two stars nnd an ntiohni nil bnlliinitly bullung m gns On the St John street side iowa of gas jets ran along tho outline of tho building, and nuclei the poreh wna n colossal crown, m gus jets, with white alindes 'iho tem pillars of the poicbvveie entwined with gns jots undoi vanous colored globos, and had a most magnificent appoimnot Two large gas anchois and stii s sin mounted the poreh At tho General Post Oflicc there wns n fino transparency of tile Pinice's aims, two huge stars m gas, mid the wold "AVolcome," with a io))rosentotioii of tho Galatea, all in goa On the St .John atieet fiont of the public buildings a vory largo mid linndsomo transpironcv was displayed, the design being the deck of a ship of wai, with two auloia liol ling up a medallion poitiait of the Duke of Edinburgh iho wold " AVol como" was shown in gas, and there wore two medallions of colored globes enclosing anchois, besides a hugo alni m gas at oithei end On tho Camel on sti cet side of the buildings wore two lmgo stus in gas, a transparency of Princo Alfred,médaillons of colored globos with anchois and the initials A E 'Hie Union Bank, Cornwall Insurance Company, Bank of Van Diemen s Lind, Mi AlcEaohcin's stoic, tho Launceston hotol, tho Bush me hotel, tho AVestoin Railway Coin pony's olhco, Mi Coibett's nonmoiigoi) ware house, the premises of Messis Smith and Poole, Mi Aldcuuiin AVtbstoi's, Mi Aldeuuan Hint's, Ali L Cohen's store, and othoi buildings wore woitliy of special mention The illumination of some buildings on tho Cataract Hill with the otv calcium light lind n veiy fino ofteot, and tho lows of hcjits ni the windows of Beimoll'a buildings, on AVnulimll Hill, had a vei) mi posing nppcorince from the town At Princo's ¡squint inches of colored g ia lights vv ero extended ovoi the gute wnys, mid tho fount nu wns beautifully illuminated with gits Although tho toichbght procession was postponed the singers assembled on the bl ulgo it the time appointed, and the budge being finely illuminated with colored lights, ii lohcars.l wis held, which was veiy successful Dming tho night tho fire bi ígnitas initialled tinough tho town couymg toithes, preceded by a fino bund, nnd tho precession lind n veiy fino offect Iho bugades with thou onguicaproceeded te the Club Hotel, where tho Nntionol Anthem waa jiloyod 'lo monow His lio)nl Highness tunis the first sod of tho milwti) THE PRINCE AT LAUNCESTON IltOM OUIt Sl'ECIlT lttrOIlTER) LAUNCESTON, AVi DXI-sr-u, JIN IOIII Tho wcntboi dining today lins boon oxtieinoly mi settled, and dilling tho morning heavy show era of ram fell, nitoifouiig mulei nilly with tho plenum o of the eiowds of poisons who tluongod the stieets in tho hope of obtaining a good view of tho Punco dut mg ono m othei of tho coiemoiucs of tho day Owing to tho appoaratico of tho gloss on Tuesday evening, the m liingomonts of tbo day were loft tin opon question, but it was intimated that notico of the Duke's movements would bo given ot tho Busbono Hotel dilling tho inouï nig At an emly bom this point btcanio o centre of attraction, omi at about 10 o clock it wits mado known that Hi» Ho) al Highness vv ould pi mt tw o inonioi ml oak tices in Punco s Square at half past 11 o clock, mid that at noon he would proceed to tutu tho sod of tho Latin cestón and Western Railway IIVMINf MnrOMVL OVhl By half pnst eleven o clock about "i,000 poisons hod congregated outsulo Puncos Square, nnd tho ovoito incut was vet) great Tho nuiuboi of gentlonioii honoi til with tho enlrw to the square wns veiy limited tho following being tho gontlomon present -His AVoislnp the iMii)oi of Launceston, Tolm Scott, Psq , AI H A , Aldoimon Unit, AVobstct, AVluti.Castlo), and Soma, - Boys, Lsq, Customs, Atessis L AVood, Po. th, - Holstein!, AVtstbiii), J Ralston, AVunliji of Pvaudnlo, -Alttiph), Aikonhc id, Challes Thomson, Bank of A'aii Dioinon's Land, Chits AloAithm, H P> Niokoll», longfoid, AVilliain Johnstone, tho Hon T D Chapman, Lsq , Colonial Tieasuioi, Di Milloi, Tohn Ciookoa, Lsq , James Roboitson, Esq , tho 1'ovvn Cloik, Ali Homy, and tho representatives of tho press 'two finn young oak ticos had boon provided foi tim coicmoii), mid these were plantel m tubs, and stood in readiness to pass tin ou ¿li the foiiiinlity of iilantuig At the time appointed foi jil mt in,; the tites a voiy lieav) showoi of ram fell, mid it was not until ton inmutes to twelvo o clock that tho Punco iu lived at tho St John stioot outiiiuco to tho square His Ko)ni Highness wns in a cnuingo drawn by u pan of hoists, and ho wns attended b) a body guard of tho Light Coi oh), undoi command of ,7 Thompson, Psq , of Coi illiston His liojnl High ness s suite consisted of His Evcellonc) tho lui iel um, the lion Sn li. Di), mid AL Haig, cquoii) ni waiting in n second euinngo wore Ali liueil), Ah Chovnhoi,Mi Shoull 1 nistoi,andCuptiiitiSteward His Rojal Highness was attired in plain morning di ess, bluo at. iped ti ow soi a and v oat, w ith ii dal k gi ey shooting coat On alighting fiom tho cm ungo tho Punco was gi coted vv ith tin co loud eheei s Ho w as . ecciv ed at the gate of tho «quino h) His AVoralup tho Ala)oi, and, accompanied by tho nu mbors of his suite, at onco vv ulkcd to the spot vv boro tho trees wore to be planted His Woiahip tho Atii)or then soul -"Sn, On behalf of tho lim gesses nf tho town of Launceston 1 havo tu ask that )ou will ho graoiousl) plcitsod to honot thom by planting two otk trees os a memento ol tho occasion of ) oin visit to tho town, mid that) nu will fiuthoi bonni thom hy naming out nf tho titos aftei Hot Alost Glacions Majesty Queen A'lutoun, mid tho othoi uftoi Youl ltoynl Highnoss" His lto)ol High ness bowed Ins assent to the leipiest contained m this address, mid tho lust tub was placed in tho bolo pre pin oil foi it His Ro) ii Highness thou took the apodo and tin ew tu o good shovels full of eai tb into the hole, nuil thin passed on te the second trto The ti eis liming been planted, the Duke mid put) returned to thuu eaiungos, nnd «boto oil iitiud tho chews of tho spectators lUllVlMl IHK HRST SOD OI Till lAlWOKHTOV VNH WhlTHtN IIVIIVVAV The pt cpnrations matta foi this gi eat event woiovoi) complete iho spot chosen foi the turning of tho sod wns on tho Launceston Swamp, just across tho woodou budgo ovoi tho Tamal tit nt Gtorgo stioot Hore a laigo pieoo of ground lind boon enclosed, and a commodious groud stand oieotod oapablo of seating at tho least 2000 persons In trout of tho grand stnnd wu« a large plntfoun foi tho accom iiiodotion of Illa Hoy al Highness mid suite, mid of tho dntotoiB of tho coiivpmiy A atnging lod fi-oni this pint ? foi ni te a oiroiilm pavilion tastefully oinnmented with bluo mid white, mid Inn uig ii pagoda top draped vv ith bluo mid win te undei neath Tho juiv ibou vv us tot poted and mulei it His Jioynl Highness wna received A guard of honoi, composed of tho Launceston Aitdldiy with then band, under command of Captain Harrap, was draw n up between the pavilion and the fence, and m the space beyond a detachment was placed with howitzeis fiom which v roynl snluto waH tired on the tinning of the sod The carnage conveying His Royal Highness nruved on the ground nt a few inmutes after 12 o'clook,bomg followed b) the second can läge contain mg His Royal Highness s friends, and a thud conveying Mis Gora Browne, Lady Diy, and some othei Indies The gentlemen whoiooeived His Royal nighnosain the pavdion wero -Tho lion T D Chapman Colonial 1'iensiuoi, Lieut Colonel Home, the lion F M Innes, Esq, M L C , J S Kemp, Esq , mid T B Bartloy, Esq , Railway Commissioners, W T Doyne, Esq , Enginooi, H Dowling, Esq , Sccietnry, J Norwood, Esq , Assistant Scciotnty , the lion I bheiwin, Esq, Al LO, H Lette, Esq, M H A. Mi AV Archer, ML A, Cheshunt, Dr Russell, of Perth, Mr Blown, suiveyoi, Messrs L Gilles, A M Milligan, Di Gaunt, Jas KobertBon, R Gi ecu, Di Miller, the Rev AV A Noimnn, and the Rev AV T. Brooke On the ai uval of the íoynl carnage three loud cheors wera given by thoso pi osent, the Royal Stnndaid waa hoisted on tho flagstaff, mid His Royal Highness entered the pavilion escorting Mrs Gore Browne AV S> Button, Esq , then advancod to His Royal Highness, mid Bald ho had been requested by the ducotorfl of the railway company to ask His Royal Highness tobo pleased to hoar icad nn nddioss of wei come Tho patty then advanced to the main platform, where the sccietnry, Mi Henry Dowling, lead an addicSB, to which the Prince replied His Royal Highness thoa letumed to the pavilion whero the chairman, AV S Button, Esq, pre son ted to lum a very handsome silvei spade, and m the name of the directors and shaicholders i equestcd thnt he would bo pleased to turn tho first sod of tho railway. His Royal HighnoBs then stopped out side of tho pavilion, and took throo spadesful of the sod which ho placed m n veiy hiindsomo ban ow pro- vided for tho purpose This was wheeled hy Mr Doyne on to tho mam platform to which His Roynl Highness then îetuined The chauman m the name of the company then îcquostod His Royal Highness to tinn the sod His Roynl Highness wheelid the barrow to tho edge of the platform and tilted ov ei its contents m piosonco of tho specta- tor l'lnce loud cheers were then given, tho Aitillciy fiicd a salute, and the ladies in tho grand stand a pot leetfue deajlciu s The plntfoim was qutokly strewn with bouquets, and the bin row was filled with thom His Royal Highness several times raised his hat, and bowed to the assemblage Lady Dry then advanced to the front of tho platfoim accompanied by Mi Doyne, and, bl oakmg a bottle of champagne over the sod, named tho work the Launceston mid AA^eatoin Railway (Loud cheeis ) 'Hie bon Sn Richaul Dry called foi three cheeis foi the Queen, which wero most enthusiastically given, thiee cheers foi the Punco woio also given, and acknowledged by His Royal Highness, and tinco cheers weie given foi tho Govoinor, tinco foi the Hillway, and tinto foi the ladies His Royal Highness then bowed and letued from the plntfoim,nnd the eel oniony ended On lotuining to his carnage the Punco waa loudly oheoied, mid lotuinednt once to tho Club Hotel, mid in the afternoon visited tho Cataract The silvei spade to bo picsontod to Ilia Roynl Highness, mid with which the Boil of the railway wies tin nod to diy, is a voiy beautiful implement, unit lins boen entiioly innnu fnctuicd by Mi W Davey of Busbine stieet The bilde of the spudo is shovel shaped, mid lound it is an engraved Giccmn bordoi It spiings from n strong silvei socket, nobly ornamented with i floral design of loses, thistles, shamrocks, and fours, in frosted silver, and beating oiithouppui pat ta due ii coi one t, nnd at ita junction with tho blade an ¡nichol Iho silvei work weighs 40 o/s Tho liaudlo of thespade is of blaok wood, nobly caí ved and polished On tho fi ont of the blade an uisciiption is to bo engraved, nnd foi this pulposo the bindo wns foi winded to Mi AV K Bock, of Hobart Town Tho uisciiption is to be sill mounted by engraved dovices, mid is ns follows -"Piesonted to His Royal Highness the Duko of Edinburgh on tho occasion of his laying the foundation stono of the Launceston and AVestoin Railway ' The wheel bin ow used by tho Duke at tho. ceicmony is also wot thy of special notice It was manu fuctin ed by Ml Suldlci, of Launceston, and the design is oxticnioly good The fiiiino, handles, and wheel of the btnow aie of blackwood, the handlea and legs being ncbly cm veil to îopiosent stags'feet The wheel is shod with steel and tlio spokes mo arranged like tho whcolof a i ulway citmage The front bonni ia most clnboratoly c lived, tho design being n ducnl coionct with rose, sh iimock, nnd thistle, ¡nul u shield upon which an uisciiption will bo painted commemora- tive of the event The whole body of tlio biiuovv is of Huon pmo veiy ncbly polished PROCLEDINGS Al' LAUNCESTON (lltOVI OUR 81 LU VC UEIORTF.R) rirunsDu AiiLitsoov, Jan 17th In noticing the proceedings connected with the public leception of His Eoyul Highness nt Lnun cestón I omitted to descube sufhcicntly the beau tiful inch of cvergieeus elected at the junction of St John nnd Ehrnbeth sheets, ¡md spanning the first numc-d sheet This inch like othcis elected m the town vv sa composed of a ecu ti omul two sido niches The centre inch wns2 J foot high with a spin of 26 feet, md it was veiy beautifully decorated with foi ns, which bung ovei tho top with admirable eliect On the top of the urah on its uoi them sida wusncioivn of llowcis, mid on the southern sulo n still composed of the snino mu tennis, the woids "AVclcoino to Launceston" woio also well dutployod m flovveis 'Hie floweis which weie very beautiful, wera oluolly obtained from the public gai dens, but the guldens of tho bon Sn R Dr),Aichdencon Reiby, ¡mil othei gentlemen nlso conti ibutcd towalds tho dis l>Iny 1 bo childi en's plntfoim, which wns ciectod in front of St John's Chin ob, on the noitbciii sulo of tho nich, and winch, ns Ibcfoio mfoimed you, nceomo dnted 1000 children, wns n voiy substantial stutcture Its dimensions weio 18.1 feet long, by r>7 foot wide, and sloping grndunlly from a height of foin feet in fiontto foiiitcen feet at tho'bick in blue letters at tho bick of tho iilatfoim appealed the woids "The cliildieu'a welcome to tho Punce" Mi A AV BucluiU, Hon Seciotii) to tho Sundny Schools wns vei) active in connection with tho proceedings of tho dav, indso alBownsMi Di)sdale, who noted as maishal j ram tho first of theso gentlemen I lim o obtained the fol- lowing lotuui of the notuiil liumbei of Sunday school cluldien is piesciit -Piosbytouiui-1 St Andrews Behool, teachers 35, cluldien 120, 1,3 2 Pum lhvo Methodists, teachers 20, childi en 80, 100 1 Tiinity (Episcopalian), toaohnis 21, children 2110, 22"i 4 Hiiab-me sheet (undenominational), teichcis l8, childion bO, OS ri Puncos sqiinio (Congi egntionnl), touchers JO, children 140,170 (> St Joseph s (R C), te ichors 23, childi en 330 373 7 Tntnni stieet and New 'lown (Congiogntional), te ichera, JO childi cn 170 , 200 8 AVoslo)nu, teaebcis70, cluldien000, i>70 0 St Paul's (Lpiscopohiin), toncheis 20, children 100,180 10 Cbnhneis' 1 lee Chinch, touchers 14, childi cn 110, 144 11 BnptistH, touchers 12, children ri0, te! 12 Sand Hill (Congiegntionnl), teachers 10, cluldien 00, 100 li St John's (bpncopalinii), teachers 21, e\nl dieu 100 , 185 14 Bethel, toncheis 10, children 00,70 1") St Iconuids teiichcis20, childi on 100, 120 10 Evandnlo schools, 100 17 Westhill), 40 l8 Exton, 10 10 Riivonswood, ï0 Grand total, 1274 A hugo linnibei of cluldien obtained admission to tho platfoim bojond the numbera included in tho nbovo list, nuil it wns genemll) estimated that at least I DOO woio picsont A third moll vv as erected m the town across Cunning stieet ne u its junction vv ith Wellington shoot 'ibis mob wns designed b) Mi Cbnilos Mc Al tim i, and hoi o tho motto " Welcome," and various devices nil formad with flowers Hie nioh wns elected by n fow tradesmen living m tho locality, who gave tho nocessaiy lahoi in then leísmo hours in my iccount of tlio leception I g-iv o ablief descnption of the ciskct con tannnB tho nddi ess pi csentcd b) thoAI i) oi mid coi pot ahon linn) nowiuld that the c isket itself wisof Gieointi design, nnd lind boon executed by Mi John Woods, of Mi James Sutllci s establishment, whoso spéculions of woods displayed nt tho nitoicolomnl ovhibition wera honorably mentioned 'lliostaisandiinchoi on tho hil of tho casket weio most elaborately inlaid, the woods employed being musk, niyitlo, Huon pine, blackwood, she oak, honeysuckle, tea tice, blue gum, sassafras, «ilvoi wattle, olive woiinwood, iron buk, box, oliouy tice, mid beech 'Hie clasps and ornamentation, winch I hive befoio desenbed, weie of Iingnl gold, and tho vv oi k of Mi AV Dav oy, jewulloi, of 13i isb mo sti eot I have now mudo good most of tho details tu connection with thopiopiiratioiiH foi tho locophon of His Royal Highness in Launceston, which Iliad befoio omitted,and I shall pi oceed to notico that poihon of AVcdnosdays programme which I huvo not yot mentioned VISll SO Tilt HOSl'ITVI At mi emly horn in tho forenoon the Duke of Edm bingil paid n sudden visit to tho Latinees ton Hospital, vv llkmg through tho wards, nnd oxpiosamg himself pleased vv ith tho gonoiil m ningoinonts The v lsit was (puta a puvnto one, Ills lioluI Highness having given no intimation of his intention Tho cou scquouco was that theie was no ono mesoiit to re coivo lum oxecptmg tho legulai attendants,*nnd His Royal Highness was thus onnblcd to foi in lus own iiaintouuptcd impressions VISIT TO Till» OVTUtVCT At about a quin tot past I o clock His Royal Highness loft the club in n cm i läge, accompanied by HIB hxcol lono) tho Goveuioi, Mis. Goio Browne, and Mi Haig, mid followed by othoi eau inges com o) mg Su R and Ltd) Di), At i Bl iel le), Miss Bo) d, Ml Ohovaboi.Mi Toseph Aichci, and othcis, mid proceeded ns fin ns tho Innige, wheio it wns intended thnt His Royal Highness should hnvo got into a boat to onjoy a pull up to the cataract A landing 8t iga had been specially elected bolovv Ali 'loan's null, and that gontlemnii bud also been exceedingly attentivo m picpaung n rond by which it could bo vv lthout iltflloult) approached Across this loulwii) a neat urah of overgieons bud been elected, with the word "AVolcomo" in Howers On niiiving nt tho null tho pu ty alighted, and proceeded to tho new landing stage , lint thiough sonic misunderstanding no boat was m attendance On tho billson citbei side, on tho banks of tin nvoi, ami on tho biulgo some thousands of pcoplo bud congi igntod, mid the cathu sinsm which pi ov ulled wns veiv grout Pinding no menus of approaching tho cataract awaiting them, tho Duko and pint) io tin ned to then can inges, and diovo ioiuidto the boat whinf, whoio the) found tho Jim mo lîoind boat mid othei boats manned nnd lead) to i coen o thom 'Iho Duko gut into tho Mm mo Bomd bout, accompanied b) His 1 xuollono) tho Cover uoi, Mrs Goio Browne, Lad) Di), Miss Uojil Lieut Haig, mid Mi Bnoilv, and nt oncu proceeded up the nvei, Captain Ling, Hmboi Mnstoi, steering, Ho was followed ti) two othei boats oonvo)ing Capt Steward, Ali Ohovahoi, the Mtijoi of 1 uuucestoii, mid a niunbei of othei gcntlenieu His Roval Highness wns loud in his udnmntloii of tho splendid sconoi) in tho lioighboi hood of the e itnract, mid ospecinllv of tho beaut) of the gorge Skotohes vv oi o takon, both b) Mi Bneily and Mi Ohovahoi Ilio Duko lotuiued to tho Club shoitly before nix o clock, niuldinidntBovono'elook, HisWor ship tlio Mu)ot being houoied with mi invitation to diiinei Till VQUVTIO SOROIIU011T l'UOOESàlOV '1 ho postponement of tho nquntio torohhght procession on the piovious evening, and tho prevailing nu piossion that His Ro)al'Iliglmos3 would notjio able to atti ml it on AVcdnosdii), almost lind tho effect of erasing that fcatuio of tho reception from the pro giiunmo Tho ni rangements of tho committee wero, howevei, complote, nnd if tho numbai of bouts taking pait waa small, the procossiou was novoitheloss vor) olfeohvc. Iho bosutiful North I-nk biulgo was lighted up ulong its wholo length with bluo, yellow, nnd rod Inn toi ns, mid bud from n distança a most magnificent ofloot 1 iota tho depths of tho might) goi-go bo)ond iroso tho smoke and blight red llmuo of ltuiumomblo bonfires mounting to tho scone a Boloinn and weird- hko gnindoui 'lbo weathot was threatening, mid BOVeral show ei s of mm foil, but this did not pi ov ont many hoasamls oí persons from proceeding to witness the i iljumbiatipfl. The procession of boatä was scarcely | worthy of mention, not more than a dozen taking part, j and these without any apparent order. The harbour master's boat took the led, and this, and the boats immediately following, carried torches. A numerous choir of laditu und gentlemen occupied the bridge, under the leadership of Sir. Thomas Sharp, nnd the bond of tho rcccjition committee was abo present. As the bouts moved up the cataract the çbojr sang "Rule Britannia," and on their return the National Anthem was rendered most effec- tively. Rockets and firevvoiks of every description were discharged from the gorge, and colored fires were foirnd at intervals with an effect which was almo3tj Unearthly in its grandeur. Tho whole sceno was veiy »trikiug, and it ia to be regretted that it was not wit ncsseil by the Royal guestiiiwhose honoritwas arranged. THE STATIS BALL. This waa certainly the most magnificent enter- tainment of the kind whioh baa ever been given iii Tosmiuiio. The building» appropriated for tho occasion were the Town Hall and the Mechanics' Institute, and both were brilliantly illumina- ted, with gas ns on the night of general illumination. Tho Town Hall was appropriated for the supper, the lower rooina being fitted up na private apartments for the Duke, the Govornor and his suite, and as cloak rooms. From the side entrance stretching across Cameron-street to the Mechanics' Institute was a long covered pnssugc, beautifully decorated with flowers, -.., f""," "",t m"""'m,t",i i,v "latmificent ovtrgretiia, uni ie*u-», . ... « ~« "j a Chinese lanterna, Börne of them of glass, and of very elaborate design ïho hull of the Mechanics' Institute was the ballroom, nnd the aputmcnts below were fitted up for various other purposes, which I shall de scribe presently To begin, howover, with the b-ill 100m I am certainly at a loss to find woids to describe the beauty nnd elegance of the decor ations, which were designed by Mi J AV Simmons, of the Bnsbaue Hotel, mid executed mulei his supervision hy Mi S Jocelyn, cabinet mikei Mr. G Bickets, gai denn, supplied the flowers, and tho drnpery was nom the establishment of Alessin Smith mid Poole lo begin at the upper end of the roora, tkore waa a largo semiciicuhr dais, over which wasasplerdid canopy tapering to the roof entirely composed of scarlet cloth, and upholstered in 1 the nohest style with scailet and gold fungos and tassels. On the top of the c inopy w is a ducal coronet of ylt woik, lined with scarlet velvet The bick of the ennopj was relieved by largo white lace curtains of exquisite design, and from botwecn which stood out in relief tho royal anns, quartered with tho»e of tho Pi ince Bcnenth this VVIIB a lino mirror In the centre of the dais stood the chair of state, which had been manufactured espe- cially for the occasion by Mr. Sadler, of George- street. The chair was of Tasmamian blackwood richly carved and polished. The back was surmounted by a ducal coronet with a thistle in gold, and the arms were elaborately carved, the design being two lions' heads, the feet representing the paws of the same noble animal. The chair was upholstered in crimson velvet. Vciy beautiful easy chaira weit provided on oithei si le Of tho chair of Btate foi the accommodation of His Ex cellency tho Qoveinoi and Alis Browne On tho walls flanking tho Btato canojiy weio hung the splendid portraits of then Royal Highnesses the Pnnco and Pruiccss of AVules, paiutod from life sittings, by Mr li Dowling, of Launceston Around tho walls of the room wore ten largo mirroi s all surrounded with ever greenBand flowers, and alternating with splendid pic tureB nud engravings , nnd niches bearing beautiful Btatuettes, and busts of Tasmanian aborigines Ovei the entrance doors flanking the gi and oichestra were Mr Dowling'» paintings of tho Queen and Prince Albert, and m one corner of the hall a somewhat novel feature in tho bhapo of a lal go aviary full of beautiful canaries Hie decorations of tile roof weio very uiuque The ceiling had been colored drab, and in tho centre was fixed a large ciovvn of evergreens and flow ois, from which radiated in o circle to evtiy point of the loom gailnnds of the same floral moten ila, terminating m handsome wreaths, with pthe» devices on the side walls In tho centre of tho jloor waa a hugo star in colored wax, and tnculoi nat touiB of various designs had been atencillcd m colors all over the floor of the bill loom, luv mg a vory pretty effect Tho .oom was lighted by numerous stnis of fivo gua jota each, and when filled with the brilliant com ?any of the evening resembled a fniiy pilacc Leaving he ball room, the landings of the stunt.ise were hung lound with beautiful oil p indinga, nnd decorated with evergreens, mid on the lowti flooi fcina were al ringed so that any ouo looking oici the buiiusteis from nhovo seemed to he gazing down into nu elfin motto At the foot of the first staircase was i lal go room, the class loom of tho institute, and this was used as a refreshment room, being supplied witheverydchcocy of tho season, ami a. dioico assoit Ment of wines The libnuy chnmbei wns dev oted ex clus.vely nu a i chung loom foi lilies, and ivis vei) tastefully furnished, a luDo tillie in the centre bomg luden with light refreshments The rending loom was used as i caul loom liming thus desenbed Hieb ill room mid adjoining apntmtiits I will piss through the Cluncso p issifcc mut ntnin untci the Town Hall Hcic uro n suite of rooms lilted up is lillies mil gcutlomcu's cloak rooms Miio!.in" morn, $.c , mid neal tho main entronco ti beautiful pin loi and suppu room, dovottd exclusively to the nccomiiiodition of II It II the Duke of Edmbuigh Hie fin uitiu o of this upai tment was rich in the extreme Iho Mute vv is of rosewood, up bolstered with cuinsou nnd gold silk dmnask A splendid sideboaul occupied one aido of tho room, and A side table m the coinci was Iden with boxes of choice cigars The loo table in the centre wns coveted with beautiful flow era, nnd hud out with dishes of tho choicest fruits and bottles of the nohest wines The Duko's suppoi loom was lud foi nbout twenty, and tho ^nblo almost defies desci mtion, ao choice w ci e the v louds with wluoli it wns furnished foi th iho whole of tilt uish stands woic of satin fiingot!, and belling the io)nl mina lu gold, mid the inscuption, " IS.ill given hy His Excollcuoy Colonel Gore Browne, C B , to Ilia Hoyul Highness the Duke of Ldiiibmgh, at tho Hull of tho Launceston Mechanics' Institute Jtinuaiy, 18GS " prom tho chief dishos on tho tibio hung email bimurra of white mid colored silk cich be nmg tue Duke a urina eithct ni gold 01 bioiue A treat qtt uitity of beautiful plate was displayed upon tins table Be) ond the Duke's upai tments were i ooma furnished for the pi IV otc accom modation of nis Lxcelloncy tho Ooveinoi nnd Mis Gore Browne, and supplied also with light lefrcshments The gieot refreshment room (tho Town noll) wi8 np pronched by a caipctcd flight of stairs adoined with shiubbery. The decorations here were confined to tho pointai's art which had boen most effettiv ely exorcised Tho walls had been punted salmon color, with blue and white mouldings, and tho effect was b0ht and flensing in the extreme 'i here vv ei o foui tables spre id along tho entire length of the reoin, while on the platform waa ii cress table foi the accommodation of ÍHs Boyal Highuesa mid amto Tina table vv aa laid out in tho most lechoiche st)le In the centre waa a luge arch of confootionoiy surmounted by n shadowing a cake of colossil dimensions Some very Jjnudsouie nitcea of plate' vi 011 displ lyed oo this hblo,and ftttruotcd tho attention of His Royal Highness consider fibly diirmg the supper It, vv ouhl require a skill which I do not possess to afford any description of the nngni ficonco of the supper It w ts all that could possibly be desired, nutt could not, I uni nure, luv o been surpassed m nny of tho colonies Tho wines were uuoxooptionnble, mid furnished nccoi ling to tho lol lowing but, which wns punte 1 in gold, mid placed in the pinto of eveiy guest -rnsmmin Bill given by His Excellency Colonel Gore Brow no, C B, in honoi of H R H tilt Duko of Lihnburgh AVincs - Champagne-Cbquot, RoedorerB, AIoètB, Homhnifc Si Vue, MoidsiokoB, Potiot's, Alumni's Moselle-No 2 Still Hookbcnn Clarets-St Julien, Palmer, Cham Siertin Old Port, Amontillado, Garvy B sheny.AIaden i Îoqucuis-Soda water Throughout the whole of tho ooma plants m pots of tho moat valuable kind were arranged, wluoli bad been contributed fiom the gai Jens of various gontlomon , nnd nosegays also found n. conaiucuous place among tho decorations of the rooms, and tablea placed ra cuiiotts looking Cluncso stands The general compon) began to ntnvo nt 9 o clock, and by 10 o dock the hill room was well filled, ami oveiy one anxiously awaited tho arrival of tho Duke Hts Roynl Highness urn ed at a few minutes pnst 10, being accompanied b) His Excellonoy the Governoi, Mi Haig, and Mi Chovahei His Ro) al Highness entered the ball room with Al is Gore Browne, HIB Excolloncy following willi Lady Diy, mid Mi Chevalier with Miss Bo) d. The othei members of tho suite following As at tho state bill in the city His Royal Highness «oro jilaiu ovoning dress, with tho ubbou and stn of the Gut« Hie ball was then opened with a quidnllo, the Duko taking the top with Mrs Colo Browne, and havuig tho Go vei nor nnd Luly Diy aaiua ia iho sidos weio Mi Enoil) mid Alls« Boyd, Ali Haig and Aliss AVnlkei Tho Pnnco iftoiwaids dmced awaiti with Lid) Diy, and at about liidf p ist 10 retired with Illa L\cullcncy the Coveinor tolus pin «to rooms, where he iciunmcd until about half past twelve oclook Tho first donee of tho second pait of tho programme was conclude 1, wlien tlio Punto ng-tin entered tho ballroom, und sujipoi wns aniiouiieed His Roynl Highness cseottcd Mia Gore Browuo toilic suppm room, His Excellency tho Govouioi tookLd) Diy, nndthoauito followed ni much tho simo ordor its thoy bud eutoted the hall room On the platfoim, nt tho Duko's table besides tho members of Ina suite, were His AVomlup the Mii)oi of Launceston, tho bon 1 M Innes, Paq, M L.C awl the hou T D Chnpmnu, Lsq, Colonial Treasure. Behind the Punco'« ohau stood tho ipei, attud m i splendid Highland dress, ami ming the simjioi the pipes weia introduced, and a couple of Scotch reels were jihiyod, to the nppirent delight of tho compaii) Hia Excellency then rose mid 5 said, Ladies nnd Gcntlemon,-AVhen wo nie making a business of plcisure, it is not usual te waste time in drinking healths, but thoi o ni o two toasts whioh I feel * sure oven tho Indies would not foigivo mo if I did not £ reposo, BO I nsk yon nil to fill )Oiu glisses (Cheeis ) adíes and geutlonion, I givo you tho Queen The to-uit w ia drunk amid most enthusiastic oheoiing Ilia L\CLI el-sol then rose mid Bind Ladios and gentlemen, I thiuk it wns Horace who sud that those who cross tho sons chango thnu olnnnto but not then f ooluigs, and that is coi tamly tho case with tho people of Tasmania at nil events, foi they aro Butons to the book bono, viboso loyalty mid attachment to llei Majesty the Queen and hoi roynl fiuuly h.es not been chilled either by the distance which separates thom from Ihemothoi counti), 01 a long absence from it (Loud ohooi-s ) Something of this His Roynl Highness has scon with Ins own 0)OB dining his atny amongst jon, and I, speaking as youi mouthpiece, hay o ventured te assure lum thnt his visit to theso colonies, mid ospo emily to Tasmania, has giv en tho most universal satis faction te all classes AVoro it respectful to spcnlc of Dis Royal Highness m his presence, I could say much that would be extromoly gratifying to all hore , but it , is not so I will only tcfoi, thoicfore, to thai wluoli is well known to all of you, viz , His Royal Highness'» manly mid smloi like doteimnntion to defy wet weather mid inconv unience, so thut ho mny not disappoint thoso who expect to set lum, mid who hivo mode preparations to receive lum I would also i efe i to his thoughtful and spout moons visita to tho hospitals and ehnritnbla institutions, oheoiing tho inmotos b) Ins pitsenco, and his kindness of mannen But foi all I should like to sa), I wdl not detain yon hore now, but will jiroposo to you tho health of tho onl) Ro)nl Puuco m tho woild (cheers) who préfets duty nnd the dook of arnon of wai to ino luxuuuii-,pleasures of u couti Igivo you the lientthof the Dttl o of Ediitbiugh Tho toast was di uni. with tremendous enthusiasm, the cheers being i opcatod o0iuii mid again His KoiAii lliauvraa rose te reply, bemj giootol with the most deafening choei s. Ho siud Ladies and gentlemen, I think you all foi the hearty mannet in which you have responded to the toast which H ii Ex celleiioy has so kindly proposed. (Cheers.) I need not assure you of the great pleasure which is afforded me by the hearty manner of your reception, and by this oppor- tunity of seeing the town of Launceston ; and if there is one tiling which has made me enjoy my visit more than anything else it is the charmiug drive I have had across the colony. Although His Excellency baa referred to the opinion of Horace that those who cross the seas change their climate, but not their feelings, I caunot help thinking that Horace was slightly out in thnt, for I find here thnt we have the some piensan t showers which I we have in our own country. (Laughter and cheers.) Allow nie again to thank you for the kind manner in which you have received the toast. (Great applause.) Immediately after this His Royal Highnoss retired from the supper room to the ball loom, and tho dancing was resumed. Shortly afterwards tho Royal parly retired, but the ball did not close until an early hour of the morning. Tho presence of the piper made many of tho ladies believe that lisa Royal Highness would liavo danced a Scotch reel, but in this they wero disappointed. It remains only for me to Bay the ball was undertaken by Mr. J. AV. Sim- monds, of the Brisbane Hotel. Every arrangement was carried out under his own personal supervision, and it Is not too much to say to the entire satisfaction of every one present, including the hospitable host and his distinguished guest. The caterer wa» Mr. Thomas Gould, and Mr. T. Sharp presided in the 01 diestra overa Btring baud of »oven performers. There wero about three bundled mid fifty persons present at the ball. At lialf past 10 o'clock on lhursduy morning TI li TI the Duke of Edinburgh held his Levee in tho Town llalL It had been nu-ingcd that His Royal Highness shouldsttutîmmcdiitety iftertho loveofor AVoobneis, the l esidenco of Mrs Ai cher senior, passing thiough Lon0ford At about 10 o'clock the hall w is tin own open, mid n large number of Indies assembled to witness tho levee,scuts being au mged for them at the lowei end of the hall The Duke aimed punctually it the hour stated, und w ns l cceiv ed b) a gum d of hotioi of the Launceston Aitilleiy, under command of Giptmn Hamp The Duke wore plain morning dress, blue frock coat, nnd hfcht tiouseis Ho wns attended by I lis Excellency thoGovcinoi, Mi Haig, Mi Bnerly, Mi Chev abel nnd Cnpt un Stownid,in iv ate secret u y His Royal Highness at once proceeded to the levee room, whcie the gentlemen enjo) ing tho pnvnto entree weie received Hie Duke then took up his position at the uppoi end of the loom, and the gentlemen attending the levee passed through, making their bow -is they crossed befoio His Royal Highness lhelovccw-isgone through more rapidly than usual, und many gentlemen wei elate, wlnle one of the a (dresses intended foi pie sent-ition missed from tho samo cause The levee was attended by about tbice hundred gentlemen, mehi ling thoso having the privito entice After the levee an address wies piesentcil by the leprescnt itives or the Manchester Unity of Odd Teltows rHE DEPARTURE I ROM LAUXCE&TOX; (FRO I OUR IPEOIU, RFPOnrFR ) Aftei the lovoo His Royal Highness returned lo tho Club Hotel, wheio luncheon was served, and picpir ations wero at once made foi his dcpai tme Ly His Royal IIi0hness's instructions i lettei was wnttento Lieut Colonel Home, thanking the volunteers foi then seiviceB At half past 11 o'clock tho coaoh Punco Alfied, ¡luven by Mr IIut3t, with the servnnts, stilted from tho Club und proceedod along the main road to town Aichde-icon Reiby then amvccl with a handsome drag and four hoi ses, mid nt a (punter to 12 o'clock His Roynl Highness left Launceston in this conveyance The Duke drove as usual, the Archdeacon sitting on the box In tho drag wero His Excellency the Govcinoi, Mr naig, Ml Lneily.Mi Cbevahei, and an attendant footman An escott of tho Liaht Cavahy nccompamod the drag to the turn of the io id beyond the S nilibili The sheets woro lined with people to witness the de pal hue, mid His Roynl Highness was loudly ohcoied as he pissed through the streets Oil His Roynl High ness leaving the Club the Royul Standard wasuindown andu sahl te of 21 guns waa hied from the 30 pounilci» on thob-ittery 'Hie journey through to the Corners vv is unmarked by any pnihculm incident Tho Duko drove nt ¡t good pace, nnd passed through Longfoul nt five minutes past ono o clock, He stopped for i few minutes to leficsh his boises but theio wns no demonstration, the inhabitants being quite uupiopaiod for any event of the kind At nbout 2 o'clock ho reachedAVoolmers,tho piopeitv of Mi P C Archei, mid the lesidence of Mis Aichei, Benioi, hero a fiue ¡nell of eveigieons vv is elected, beni ing the vvoid " AVelcome' in flowers A laige uuinbei of ladies weie assembled and His Royul Highness s iceep tiou w ia most enthusiastic A magnificent Iiuiclicou was ten ed and the Duko left with his pill) in Mi Al chu s drag at 2 iO o clock, amving at tho Coi neis at i quutei lo tlnue o'clock, hero his own coach was in waiting foi him, and His Royal llijiness, having bidden fui ewell to his uoithein fuends proceeded on his jouine) south Tlicietuni tup w is quite devoid of any moulent woith mentioning His Royal Highnoss ohanged hoiscs as on the upvvnnl join ney, mid cnllcd nt one oi two houses nlon0 tho load foi lcficslunent 'iho fust of theso wns the Enid faced Stag, Mi P Smith's, nt Cleveland, whero His Royal llifjiness uhghtod, and lemainedabout half anhoui On leaving, a uuinbei of tho lcsidents who had assembled gieeted His Roynl Highness with loud cheeis At Smith s Cnlodonian hotel, Campbell Town, His Royal Highness also alighted foi i shoit time, mid on Ieavuig wns loudly chooiedby tho lesidents us semblad At Ross theio weio gi cat lejoicmgs on Thursday The children of tlio various schools, to the uuinbei of nbout two hundred, weio feasted ni a paddock neal tho aich of welcome, nnd enjoyed themselves most hemtily dtiuug the day, by engaging in vaiious gimes On His Hoya! Highness passing m his coach, between six and seven o clock, thoy all ran down tlio road mid gave throe hearty cheela vvlucli weio icpcntcd by the townspeople, who bul assembled to the numbul of two oi tlneo bun died ¡it the nich Ilia Eojnl Highness ainvod at Alona Arule soon aftti seven o'clock in the evening and he ngam lind ii most loy d loooplion Tho people of the estite, with the children, numheung nbout 1 JO, weio assembled on the lawn nnd cheered the Duke loudly as ho passed up tho duvo Mi and Mis Keimodo receivcdlum on tho steps of tho poich, and conducted him to the drawing loom, where ho mot His Excolloncy the Goveinoi and Alia Gore Browne, who boil aimed soino timo before His Royal Highness Dinnoi was kcrveil at 8 o'clock, the porty being veiy select, mid tho Duke alternated the evening bo tween tho drawing loom and tho consolvatory As I shall liaveto describe Alona Vale moiefuUy in my next letter, Iwdl not bay more at present, but may remnik tlint before leaving the estate His Royal Highness kindly planted two trees, an oik and a chestnut, in com nioi.ioration of his visit It isa bulgulucncuiustonce m connection with these tiees, that they wore both relied fi oin Becd planted by Mi Kermode s two little children about 12 months ago I um lnfouned that his bttlo gul, when playing at AVoolmers, picked up mi acoin, and from childish curiosity planted it m n ilowei pot On the very next day tho little boy picked up a chebtmit, ami this also was planted in play, tho result being tho two fine trees which have just been well planted by Royal hinds His Roy ii Highness loft Mona Vide punctually at eight o'clock on Friday moulin j, and au ned in Oitlands nt 11 o clock Ho was reten el at dury s Hotel hy Drs AVills nnd Teush, Moss!s Buibuiy, Hamilton, AVoods mid other gentlemen His Roynl Uiglmnss enjoyed o fcliss of wine with those gentlemen, mid hoists having been changed ho resumed his journey In the evening there wns a genoril illumination nnd ii display of fiiewoïka on the township, and hugo bonfires were lighted, which vv el o v lsiblo from Hobai t Town The i oy al pu ty leached Bhckw ell's at 1 o'clock.andheie they Btoy ed teluiicheon, a laigo number of persons were gathered round tho hotel, mid cheered Ills Royal Highness both on Ins ni rival and dopaituie At Green Ponds, tho Royol poity matta n buef hilt for refreshments, mid bei o ngnin tho Punce wns loudly cheered There wns a grand ilhttmnition nnd displny of firowoika in tho evening At Bughton the snme enthusinsm was dia ployed His Royal Highness ii rived a if ely ot Govern mont House between half post Sand C o clock in the cv ciimg MONA A'ALE (mon oun srctivi. luvronTiiR ) Ijiromisoil on my way back to givo soino account of tho mansion of tho bon It Q Kel mode, Al L 0, nt Mona Vnlo, vvhero His Roynl Highness stayed ou lus upvvoid mil downwind journey, mid where ovoiy provision was mode foi his comfort, winch the real gonuiuo hospitality of nu English gentleman could devise The mansion of Aloua Arilo is one of tho most hiudsomelv furnished residences in tho colonies, mid is repleto with c uiy comfort mil touvomonto Hie ground plan of tho house descubes a figuro somowlnt io Bcuibhng a pitiilltlogram, but with two wings nt tho bick, which foi in a tonvoniont and commodious court The mini front elevation oveilooks Hit li vei, which luna nt the olid of tho lawn, and gives nibo a fino view of the Ross roid mid tho couutiv ho youd, willi a poop of the bluo mountains of the north western distuct Tho noithoiu aspect of tho building ia vei y fine, overlooking n dioico floivoi gai den, uud clusters of ni ijostic willow trees, tho O)o stretching awayovoi the valley, the seo io teimmotiug with tho lefty peaks of Ben Lomond, and enclosed by the Bin rounding ranges f he southoi u aspect of tho building lsequdlv good, ovoi looking a hu go portion of the estate, mid comn miling ti ¡,ieut muge of tho country Tho main outrante is nppronehod by n braid ¡light of Bteps through a h ludsomo portico Tho vvholo buildiug is surmounted by ii magnificent cornice, enuched with benutif lilly cal veil trusses, and by nfuezo of elabórate scroll woik Tho Windows mo of jilnto glass, nnd tho kev stones nro nil cm vod with floral designs Ovei tho oisemont stoiy is n beautiful doublo stung couiso, clinched by a scroll of floral design, and the socond stoi) is minked b) a bind of freestone, enriched by a runningqmllmhc Hie whole building is suunouiited b) a handsome towoi of pilasters, with intoiioniii" bul ustridiug, and on this is fixed a flagstaff 'ilio lutouoi of tho mansion, und its magnificent fui ulalling, deserve somo notice On onteung b) thipoitico tho visitons nabele 11 ito n spacious hal), the flooi of which is tcssol ntcd with Min ton a caustic tiles, m vaue0aled colors,nftei a v oi v beautiful design The flooi is divided luto threo scotioiis, nnd surrounded by a voiy nob boideuug of tiles ia blown, rod, blick, and white lu tho ccntio section is a bonutifti' circulai design, and in either of tho othei sections theto me also cnctihi designs A hugo fue placo vvaims tho li ill.und is sui mounted by a m issivo mantel shelf of blaok mai bio, with furniture to corres pond Piom tho h ill ou the light hand sida tho visitoi outeis Iho dimug room, This l8 a lofty nnd spacious npaitmout lighted by lugo windows looking southward mid vv outward The walls nro deccr itod with a hand somo paper, Tho paper is arranged m panels having a ground woik of dmk blue hguroil with vurious designs Around these bordois ofnohdosi0n lepre^ontuigscrolls aud mouldings mo placed, mid nt the nnglos mo euuehed conloi pieces Ovoi the range of p moiling runs nfnoze of vory obnato and olnssio patteni.giving representations of tho festivities of tlio Gods, in imitation of tho old basiobofs Abovo this is nn oxtiemoly uohcornico, having festoons of fruit nnd flow eis, mid ni the contle of , the coiling a voiy handsome ornamont, from ] which doponds n ohandohoi for kerosene lamps Tho loom is jinndsomol) and nppropuntoly furnished Ilio calpot is a Luuov, tho window ouitnius of scarlet ' rep, i icbly tuuimcd on gilt poles 'J ho sofas and chalis < nro of malioganv, upholstoiqd with brown morocco and Ulolo isa telescope dilling tnblo of culm, with a i pair of handsome codai stdebnnrls, with plato glass I backs Leaving tho dining room nnd orossmg the hull, I i vv oontor l\lie diuvviiig room, winch is n vory huge una | f flua apartment, haying embayed windows, affoidiag a c good view westward across the Blackman River, nut!. northward over tho flower garden. " The walla of this room aro papered with a very ileli moiro antique jiaper, whice nnd gold, bearing n small pattern In gold. Tho cornices and centre ornament aro of papier machio, nnd from the ccntrcdopendso very elegant ci yat.il chaudfilior. 'ititt mantel shelf is of pure white Carrara marble, richly sculptured, nud the grate, fenders, dogs, and irons aro all of thnbost Dollin metal, mounted with polished steel' and richly gilt. Tho hearth nnd chocks of the fireplace arc inlaid with poicelain, having beautifully painted gcouj)3 of flowers nponiï cream coloured ground. The furniture of the room is uniform throughout, tho wood rosewood, tho upholstery scarlet rep. Leaving the drawing-room and passing into a long cirrldor richly papered, with masjivo cornices, we como upon a series of smnll nportinenta furnished as sitting- rooms. Ouo of thoso is Mr. Kermodo's study, uud is appropriately fitted up, the walls being hung with choice paintiugs omi engravings. There is also a largo brenkfastrroom beautifully furnished after the same stylo as the dining room, and a number of other rooms on this floor fur- nished in a substantial and comforlablo manner. Passing on and arriving at the foot of tho grand staircase, I observd that tho wholo of the windows by which it is lighted wero of stained glxss, showing groups of flowers most tastefully arranged. Tho whole staircase and bannisters nra of solid Tas- manian blockwod, and mo equnl in nppenrnnco to Spanish mahogany, although perhaps darker in shade. The groining of the wood forming the bnntl-roil is voi-y beautiful, and Iho turned bannisters nlso show to ad- vantage the peculiar beauties of the wod. The steps of the stans ure nil of polished bl iel.wood, »..lived up stairs wc enter the main torridoi, which is richly cn pettd with Brussels corpot, treen mid gold The co-mces no all of pipier niaclue, very elegant, the design being Cupids bealing festoona of roses, ill lu relief Throughout tho wholo building the corudora aie broken at uUcnals by handsome niches supported on julniteii Along the ni un totrulor is a suite of lirgo and hindsomo bedroom«, ologautly furnished Sn 11 and Lady Di), Miss Boyd, Lieutenant Hnig, Ali Buetly, Mr Chevalier, nnJCaptuu StevvniJ all occu pied rooms of this description during tho visit to Mom Vale Hie rooms nt the northern end of the gland coiridor were devoted to the uso of His Excellency the Goveruoi nnd Mrs. Gore Browne, nnd comprised bedroom dressing ream mid hitit room, all anungcil so as to secure vue most thorough pin nay Lutering unothei cotudoi of the some chess we como upon the Pi luce's apartments These eomprtsd bdioom, sitting room, and bathroom, it,, completely private, md the loom devoted to tho eq non y m waitui,', Ali Hu0, was within convenient call, nil bciulifully mid must suitably furnish d Un the same coi i itloi is tho Puncos looms nie Bituiited there is n senes of other rooms, nil mott oleanntly furnisht 1, mid devoted to Hie children mc' then ut'cndmits li oin the luck putt of Hit cornlors n nirrow sturcaso íuus down, te bo u»cd na nu ese i] o in c iso of fire, mid ovtiy com emence is provided, which co lid be suggested by thoughtful ox psnence, to sc-uno the comfort of tho inmates Hie tow ti on the top of tho liouso is approached hy ii stin ti c, through Hie ti| per store loom, mid from this a splendid jiaiioruiuc view ia obtained of the suiraun hn, eounti) Inn) conti ide by stating that Mi kel mode employ s about 103 men, many of whom ai o mm ned mid luivo families gio ung up irouiid the in, and uot a few have ni tilled on tho jnopeit), a fact winch is tho best ti lim to to tho hospiliblo p opnetoi s kindness und liberality I hovo only to idd tim1 the Punco ond his party u ero highly delighted with then reception, mid his bncf sojourn at Mom Arolo will be by no means the least pie tsiug feature of his v istt to Tasmania ATHLTU'IC SPORPS IN THE DOMAIN Those sports carno oft m the Domain on Pudiy, 17th January, nnd caused considerable excitement A huge number of people were prcsont in the new cricket ground te witness the result Georgo Salier, Esq, al II A., assisted hy All E Oldham, Mi G Brown, mid Ali C Miller, conducted the sports, and Mi Oldham ncted as umpire The following ne the results or tho vauoub neos - ¿00 Ylltus IciOT RiCL-Pnzc, £1 Is Six com petitois Joseph Brown, 1, John Mnaon, 2 SICOND H vu -¿103 Y ums - Pnzt, £11 Six com petitois h Bulcock, 1, II McGuiie, 2 200 YlMis Rvof ion 11018 UNDLtt 11-Pure, 10s Od Thirteen competitors Colima, 1 Sl-COND liver, .¡00 ArVltDS, FOIt EoiS-Pl-170, 10s Gd Din toon competitoia Chifle), 1 'imnei 2 IimiD Jlvci- 20J Yuma FOII Bor-, -Prizo, 10s Od Pwelvo competitois Aldi ed, 1 Gollsnufch 2 Ioumil LVCF, ¿00 A'vitos, ina BOTS-Pii7e, 30s Od Sovontoen competitoia AVmten, 1 Huiturt- lUCL (tlitee hurdles) -Puzo £1 1 Seven competitors H M'Giinc, 1 SI-COND HuitDLt Ii vol -Same as last Seven com petitois Green, 1 rumo HuitDLt li ICE-Pu/e, 10s Od Tivo oom l>etiton Bndeoek 1 SvtK I! VOL -Pure £1 1» Soventeen conwetitors Gullen, 1 Si COND Sick RICE-Pnz» £1 Is Tivn competí tels Glynnl WiiFtLnvmtovv R ver, (blindfolded)-Pi ize £1 Is Six compotiteis Allison 1 SFCDMJ AVm-iLBinnovv RICF-Pnze£l is Seven conqiotitors Gullen 3 JINGU. RVOL -Prize £1 la Eleven competitoia Gullnghoi RUNNING LE VP, (distance)-Pure 10a Od Soven competitor« Josoph Brown, (18ft Oin ) 3 ST INDI va Li-u, (distance) - Puzo 10s 01 lue competitors Gi deni RUNNING HIGH LEVP -Puzo 10s Od Three com petitois Gi eon 1 STVNDihG HIGH LFVP - Prize ti Is Toui com petitois Dolnny 1 HOP, STLP, AND JUMP -Prize, £1 Is Eight com petitois Doilnhoo 1, PerriNGTHL&TONL; -Puzo, £1 Is Sixcoinpotitois Purcell, 1 IIUltUNGlHF HUBIH-Pnze, £1 1B Nine com petitois Pin cell, 1 OUOITS -ii 2 Tirst set Anning, 1 Second set Brown, 1 Hurd hat Hannon, 1 'Iho ¿allies passed off oxtieniely well with the cxcep tion of an accident to a little boy, who w as struck with ono ot the Iluminéis md bcvetcly hint Theio wis a gieat deal of crashing to witness the foot laces and lonping, in spite of nil the oiroits of the manngeis to pi ov eut it THL GENERAL ILLUMINATION After two postponements tho gonoial illumination of tho city in honoi of tho nruval of His Ro)al Highness tho Duko ot Edinbuigh took placo on Puduy ovoning, Jnnuaty 17th, on tho voiy cvo ol the Punco'a dopuluro fiom our ahoies Iho display, though not such a success as could havo been wished on tho one hand, was on tho othor by no me ins a fallut o 'Plia weather was noithor porfectly propitious, noi positively un- favorable, bul it was it all evouts a ¿real improvement upon an) wo hivo boen foitunato enou¿h to onjoy since tho diy succeeding that of the Roval Duke's landing Dunn,? the oirty puitof iho dtt) approhonsions woio goneially cntei tuinod th it a continuous fall ot min wns about to bot in, but thoso fetus woro romoved long betoio dusk iiovcitholess np to the timo of tho actual commence mont of tho illumination, a fresh and vory cold wind blow from tho soutli-west, mid inndored the watching of tho displn) amattoi ofsomodisooinloit Abtdlvvoise offect it vv is loiosoon must nriso from tho saaiccauso as rogaidod tho retention b) the gas decorations of their propoi figures Tow woio sanguino enough to hopo that the moioly poiforated dov ices would romani con- stantly and uniformly lgmted, but still fower imagined that tho jots ot flame sheltered by crvstal globos would succumb to a comparatively tuilmg atmospheric pressnio Such, howovor, was tho caso, and tho fact ot its being so demands oxplanatioii Boforo, howevei, ontonng upon thnt question, it seems better to pmauo tho nauativo of lacis a little fuithei 'Iho conconrso of peoplo in the streets was quito as largo, if not largoi, than could havo roaäon nbl) boon expected Tho leading stioets weio in all puta and during tho ontuo timo of tho continuanco of tho festivities well filled with cuuous spectators of all ages and conditions, and at coi tain points of special nttiactivcnoss thoy woro occasionally thronged to inconverionco Noverlheles3 theio waa novvhoio any foimidablo cutsh, nnd tho domoanoi of the crow d w as throughout conspicuous foi good humor and unsolhshness Tho poiforated gas devices woro absolute failures from firot to last, and, ns tho) had boen to a considerable extent nscl in tho < ompoMtion of some of tho elaborate pieces of docoiation, tho ltstilt could not bo othcrwiso than disagrcoabl) disappointing 'ihe non success, how- evei, asmigbtbo nifericd from a provious romaik, we oxclnsivol) confined lo llluminliions of that chess, noi diditsaoin to boar an) relihvo piopoition to tho oxposod or shclteiod position of any givon locality Tho Town Hall though little if at nil bot- ter protected by its position than the Government othcos enjoyed a fai greater exemption from dtlhculty in Iho maintonanco of its lights, and tho lampa of tho Muirav-street nich binned with a steadiness and stiength not to bo found m nny othei locality I hose facts acquire an additional sigmficanco vvlion it is known that tho town and Mui- rá) stroot arches matead of botng supplied from tho ordinal) city mains, demo their gas diroctl) from tho lurgor pipo wmcn iravorsos movvnarr. j. no truth is that tho pressure last night was insufficient, nnd for such a stato of things tho company cannot ho o-joneiatod from blamo. Tho question naturally misos what would havo been the position of affairs had tho illumination taken place as formerly proposed last Saturday evening, whon tho oompany nnnouncod thoir ability to supply not only tho illumination but tho shops and tho Town Hall concert likowiso ? It is needless to romark upon tho incon vonienco and nnnoyunco entailod upon poisons who had incuned considornblo oxponsoin proparutions by a deficiency of tlio first essential to a successful carrying out of thoir designs. Of last night's proceodings gonorally little nopd be said. Tho aspect of the city, throngod as it was by thousnnds upon thousands of eager ploasuio seokoi-s, all hurryin" oxcitodly to and fro was somothing to bo long romomborcd by all but thoso of long and frequent experiences of such scones. But whon tho bright gloam of tho gaslight now and then waned as it frequently did boforo the suporior lustra of the colored fires, whon tho skywnid rush of-^-rookpts mo- mentarily attracted the oyes of multitudes ulong thoir fiery tracks, and subjected the upturned foatuios te lights which tho pencil of Rembrandt would dellirht in ondeavoring to transfer to his canvas, thon the high- est requirements of sconio art woro fulfilled. Perhaps thoploasuiablo oxcitemont wns not the loss intonso fiom a consciousness of danger of conflagration always moro or loss inseparable from such occasions ; but whether it waa tho caso or not, provision against such a casualty was made by kooping a body of «le- mon, with hoso rools, patrolling in the central pait sf the city until past midnight. , Tho following aro notices of tho moro prominont Ruminations:- ,,. .' , Tho govsi innont offices from thoir public importance lemnud pilouty of notice. On the Macqunuo-slroot 'roat of the largo pile of buildings was placed m tlio jontro a large transparency paintodby Mr. M. Ohovahor the well known artist of Melbourne, ivhlch waa ab,o exhibited in Lnunceiitou. Itrcpicsentcdtwoihàu-of-vyar I sailors stundiug on tho declc of nn armed ship, and sup-, porting a medallion portrait of His Royal Highness the , Duke of Ediubui-gh. Beneath the portrait nppcors the, capstan of the vessel enveloped in a wreath of flowers, I and ut foot of all is the motto " Long live Priuco Alfred.", I This trnusp.ireucy wns flunked by the lettei-3 A. E., tus! letters being about four feet in height, nnd formed of! lamps with largo yellow globes. Upon each wing of tho building on this side was displayed un anchor in gas with' reflectors, the'nnohor being jiluced upon a blue ground, boidcicd by gas jets enclosed in largo red globes. Above oil, on tilla side, was nnothor star on ti yellow ground, mid the motto " Welcome Alfred," in gas jets. I in tho centre of the franklin Sqnaro frout was a transparency of tho Queen, 10 feet by li feet G inches, flonkcd by the initials V.K. in four feet letters of gas hi red nud yellow globes. In the southern first floor window, of the samo frout there was a transparency of the Prince and Princess of AVnlea S foot hy 4, and in the northern window a similar picture of 1Í.B.H. Priuco ^Alfred of the samo dimensions. Finally, ngninst the jnirapetof tlio building were placed two Princeof AVnles' feathers in gas. The Alurrtiy-street front bore iu its centre a transparency, IO feet by 9 feot'C Inches, of the nuns of Prince Alfred, surmounted by o crown, and flouked on either aide by o small letter A, and n largo star, ouo on each wing of the building in pinta gns. Tho nrms nnd |>oi trait of Piiuco Alfred, und the portrait of Her .Majesty tho Queen wero painted by Air. G. li. Anderson, of Collins-street, nnd were decidedly ¿ho most nrtistlo productions shown during tho Illuminations iu Hobart Town, with the ex- ception of the largo pictttro by Mr. Chevalier above mentiond, und some otheis also executed by Alt'. Anderson. The .electric Telugraph Office " exhibited oa its Miicqiiai-io-stioet potch a transparency of Prince Alfred's nrms, painted by Mr. G. li. Anderson, sur- mounted hy a powerful star in gaa, and on tho Eliza- beth-street front a full length pot-trait of Her Majesty the Queen, sui mounted by another star in gas of smallor slzo thnu that jireviously mentioned, und with this amount of decoration the small building presented n very gay appearance . The Survey Office exhibited three lnrgo transparencies. That ou tho right wing wii3 a portrait 8 feet, by G of Punco Alfred in naval uniform leaning on a slpp's cap- stan. At the h.iso a ribbon was gracefully eutwined, nnd on it wns inscribed tho motto " Wolcoino te Tas mouin." The entire was encircled in a wreath of laurel. Oa the left wing was a full length portrait of lier Alajesty the Queon in Royal robes, surrounded with o wreath of laurel. This picture was of the Hinno dimensions ns that previously de- scribed. lu Uni centre of the building was placed a transparency 8 feet by, 12, tho subject betag Tnsmnnio welcoming It E.H. Priuco Alfred. Her Alnjusty wns represented standing in tho centre of the picture on o raised d lis in tha net of iutroducing the Prince to o female figure symbolical of Tasmania, nnd Tasmania n^ receiving with extended hand the Royal guest, who in lils Uti n was greeting her with a like display of courlesyl Immediately behind the Prince wits seen a sketch of the Galatea In Iho distance, nud lower down were grouped cannons, mortals, cables, mid other nppurtoiinuccs of ,i shipofw.tr. Behind Tasmania are barrels of oil, boles of wool, mid other specimens of the products of the island, nnd underneath them n cornucopia. A ribbon supported by winced figures above the heads ,of the central group was inscribed with the words "Tasmania's Reception," mid a corresponding ribbon at the foot of the picture boro the continuing vvoids " To the Royal Duke." Tho painting vv.is executed by Mr. Frank Dun nutt of the .5,"-",.v 11,.,,,,-Huent I'ho Town Hall whon lit up formed one of the most striking and attractive features of the entire display, especially ivhon viewed fruin Mncquirio- strcot, where tho wtdo diffusion of billiunt light over almost tho whole of the spacious front was extremely effective. Tho long rows of gas j'ets which defined tho cornices wero peculiarly pleasing as thoy flashed and flickered in the wind, mid the variety of color imparted by tho stained globes of the lamps, aud tho azuro mid vei-million back grounds uf tlio emblematic devices and letters afforded an agreeable relief to the picture. Tho decorations of tho niiiiii or Mncquai-io-stieet front wero in detail ns follows :-Tho threo nrches of the ontranco porticoes wore defined by j'ets of gas issuing from pipes perforated at very short intervals, mid along the cornices, both of tho e'entro building and' each of tho wings, extended long '"straight ' lines of similar lights produced by Ibu like moans. Along tho summit of the portico nbove the nichos gleamed a row of colored lamps of red, white, mid blue alternating. Over the centro of the portico was nu anchor in gas on a red and bluo ground,. Bill-mounted by a crown outlined in like uuileiuls, nnd dunked with tho initials V. R. The vi bolo of thesu dóricos wero surmounted and flunked by the motto " Welcome Prince Alfi-id" in largo letters of, gas, tlio groundwotk of which win nlso of white nnd blue, and the whole of the gas lights were brought out iu their utmost brilliancy by a profusion of reflectors placed behind (bein., Pinnlly, upon tho centre window of tho first floor of each wing of tho edifico wns plnced a largo star in gas on n while ground, the rays being composed of perforated lines. The docorations of tho Elizabeth fcticet front consisted of a perforated gns thistle on a greeu and bluo ground, sarinouEted nnd flauked by the iuitials A. E. A. . A very prominent and pleasing novelty was conti i buted to the display by the j'olnt liberality of tho Dervventnnd Tamar and Tasmanian Insurance Companies, Messrs. Walch ¿s Sons, and Allport nnd Roborts. By nu ngreeinent on the part of theso contracting parties to bear jointly tlio expense of jirocui-mg tho requisite labor and materials, four strings of Chíllese lanterns, number- ing up to 100 woro obtained, mid suspended across Mncquni-io-streot, interspersed ntintervnls with wreaths of flowers. Above thom was extended in large black letters, on a white ground, the sentence " Como again ns King of Australia." The lines woro sonrraugod ns to ¡.how one nbovo ¡mother in a form njiproximntlng to nu m cb, and ns the tiuted lanterns swung nnd dnuccd in the wind tho spectacle was exceedingly striking and agree- able ?'Thelower cornice wns-Vmngwith-ooloretllamps. Tho Bank of Vnn ihemoii's Lund was lit np atong tho cornice nnd over the summits of tho entrance porchos with n rnngo of lamps, with globos of led nnd yellow nltoiurhng In the contio wns a pel foiated gas crown, ti ml ed by tho initials V A , tho lotteis and crown being on bick giounds of red nnd blue, and the foi mer enclosed m wicaths of gas jets, whoso light was thrown fonv ird and intensified by leflectors In the centre of tho front of tho Coiimoicial Bank wns displayed u ship of war in full sill, Mitioundod w ith the îniti ils ALA, onclosed in wreaths of gas jots witlucflootois AU these wero flunked on cither hand by an anchor in gas, Bin rounded with a wre ith of fohugo pieiced for gaslight effects, nnd tho backgrounds weio uppropi lately colored lu red, vv bite, blue, nnd green Hie Union Hiukwisoneof tho most profusely mid effectively udoined establishments of tho eutue city In tho contle of the Mncquaue stieet f« nt vv is a ci edita ably executed ti anspareuc) of Pun-o Alfred, mid bo neath it the mine "Alficd," peifoi ited in gas, on n icd and bluo ground, and above the pictuio vv is apeiforitol gts crown, on a ground of i d nnd bluo also It waa on tho elstern end, ho v evo , thnt tho work of embellish mont had been cal ned to its highest point On n level with the fust flooi was attached a silvai star of consul crabbs Blue, with a thtstloin tliecenhe, aud the motto nemo me ti ipvnc lae ?çii J he effect of this, whon bril liantlv lighted up, ns it was, vas it once bountiful nnd novel, and foi both reasons it attracted i 1 irgo amount of udmiung notice Above tho stn, nnd using some vv li it hiDlioi than the summit of tho buildin0, was n lillee and veiy bandsomo aiichoi in gas upon n black ground Tlio lower line of the roof of tho Bunk of Australasia, and tho external mid uppei outlines of the poiebos, weio mniked out by pcifontcd lines of gas jet i, which looked remarkably veil On tho front of the building wns the inscription " AVolcomo" m laigo pel foiated gas lotters on a gi on ad woik of led an I blue The in scnplion wlsllankcd by the initials V R , in poiforated gas on a Binni n gi omul 'Iho Savings Bank, taking it ns n whole, founod one of tho prettiest inclines of tho evening, thotiji the gieatoi put of the effect uns not produced iluectly by tho illuminations Tbeso consisted of ti star, with n crown above it, both in perforated gas on led nnd blue ground works, nnd the cn tiro was enclosed in n largo vv i o ith of gus jets w iib i eliecloi s The floral embellish monts vvcte, hovvovoi, b) far too t isteful to bo jiossod over in silence, though as thoy wero described on the dav of tlio binding of tlio Prineo, it 13 superfluous to îojient them in detail Hie decorations of The Meicuni Olbco attracted much notice but owing to a nhoit supply of gns the pnncipal of them could not bo got to binn Hie) consisted of Iho motto " Welcomo to the Queen's bon," ni 1IUL,O lettois of gis, on a ulnck giouud, tho outlines of e ich letter being dofiued bv mi unbroken hue of reflectois Iho uisciiption was surmounted by a i used crown vei) handsomely constineteil in velvet and pipes of gns with icllectoia, nbovo tho crown wns n punted lion most artistically oxecuted b) Mr, Anileison 'Hie two first flooi windows winch woio not concealed by tho uisciiption ulrend) dosonbed, cont lined tninspnoticies, one of Ihosoiopia Benhiig tho stni of tho Oi dor of the Gm lei,but containing in addition to tho logulai mottoes Iho luseiiphun, ' Welcome Sailoi Prince " Ihootbci wis nu allegoucal pictuio. m which U«t Mnji&t;, the Qtioeu was pouitrayod iu tho net of piesontniL, mid introducing His Roynl Highness to tho ¿onius of 'Insminin Tho latter was ombodiod in a graceful fomnlo tigmo who, with ox tended hands, was prollonng a cordinl welcome to tho youthful Prineo \bovo tho heads of tho group tvo winged figures veio lupresented supporting a scroll upon which was displayed the motto, "Hie dawn of better da) -, " vir J Webb, of AVobb's Hotel, Mm ra) sheet, ex hunted a veil hnostai m gas with the letter A in tho contre. The star wits backed by a lnrgo mid brilliantly polished pinto reflector, which displayed tho device te tho utmost possibta ndvontago. Ahovo this illumination was a fine irnnsparenoy of the Roynl Arms. Air. T. D. Chapman, general importer, exhibited two transparencies. No. 1, a bust portrait of Prince Alfred with it «own above his bond suuouudod with nnuticnl adjuncts. No. 2, tho arma of the city of Edinburgh. li. Lewis mid Sons, wholesale diapers, corner of Collins nnd Argyle-streots, mndo nn imposing display which tho extensivo froutogo of their fine establishment muterinlly aided thom in elfectlng. Tho long lines of tho coi ince towards each of tho nbovo-nained streets ivoro brilliantly defined each by a row of gas jots of unusual size, nnd on tho Ccllins-slreet faco of tho building shone tho initials A. E. A. in lumps of variegated hues. Ahovo the centre of tho corn ¡co Hiern was a largo pel forated orown in gas, on a groundwork of red nnd bluo, flunked by tho initials V. A. In lmnps with largo yellow globua on a red and white ground. Tho private rcsidoncoof tho bon. It. Q. Koimodo, 93 Alncquni¡c-slieot, vv^s very tastefully adorned with transparencies Tho contre picture consisted of the arma of Prince Alfred, with the linns of tho city of Edinburgh, nud motto ' nisi dominus frustra" bonunth. No. I window, poi trait of Her Majesty the Quoon, and No. 2 portrait.of U.U.li. Prlnoo Alfred. ¡ Tho lion, li. Walker oxhibitad at his private resi- dence, B.u-raok-stroot, a largo orown with inilinls AMI. iu pel forated gas, on a ground of gold, red, mid bluo, suppôt tod on either limul by a blue and a white onsigu. i The wholo was flanked by two handsome slurs in perfo- rated gns on a groundwork of blue, red, nnd gold, with it cross in Iho centie of cnuh. Mr. J. Jlidoncopo, of Colllns-stroot, exhibited .two Iranflpnronalea of n kind different from nuy otilara which caine under notlco. The linos of thoio pictures vvoro produced hy a series of pictures, which In ncliinl cxhibi li'in, becamo ootivortod iuto so ninny luminous specks. One of the transparencies was a most cou-eot sketch of the Galatea under full «nil, und the oilier represented ii star of oonsidei able dimensions, ami each was surrounded by a wreath of green foliage. , , J, AValoli and Sons, EUzuboth-streot, exhibited over' Hie door a very pretty aud elfeeliVo ¿levies, it consisted I of a pillar supporting a crown, and surrounded with | three spiral gus pipes pierced with burners, revolving by i clockwoik, mid enclosed In n large circular tm reflector, j Aldeinnin Cook lud a inest hrilliuut illumination. | The word " Wolcomo" in a hnlf ciiclo in Imgo letters, n>| handsome star under, nud /beneath tho words "Royal Duke," all lighted with gif. Hon. A. Kennerley, .vl.L 0., Blenheim IIOJSO-A fiuoly painted trnusp n encjj' over tho pmlico, 10ft. SID. broad, by 9ft. ¡jin. in height, of H.M.S.S. Gnlntoo hove to for pilot boat, standing lo, Butte] y Point nnd Alouul AVcIHuston in tho distance ; label, " AVclcomo to Pi inoo Alfred." Eight of contre painting, His Royal High ncss's piper, bfo size," in/'full costume rJ regimental piper'to 42ml Highbinders, with htbel " The Gorb of old Gaul." Left of contle, »tar, the iiansparendes being illuminated by gas, nnd enclosed in floral wreaths. Tho inch spnnniug Mm«py-slrcet, near the Govern- ment buildings, presented a rein irkably handsome lind brilliant appearance. Aa pi ovionaly noticed the arch is1 of three spins, one oxtendinj over the carnage woy, and the sido nrohos over tho footplths. Tho larger nrch waa' ornamented with colored lnmps illuminated by gas jets, nbove which appears the word " AVelcome" in gss jet», willi agis jet stir on either eldo at the top of tho innin buttresses, tho buttresses being covered with evergreens, andobovo the capitela ar^iows of colored lumps, the whole surmounted by n brilliant crown in gns je'B, tho arch being further ornamented by a profusion of flngs nnd bonnets tastefully nrrhuged, mid the brillhnt nnd elegant appeoranee of tho ivholo structure called forth i-epoated expressions of nppnijition mid pleasure. The Citizens' Al eh wns tastefully lighted up with Chinese lanterns, suspended in two Unca from tho top of the ireh to either aide of Liverpool-street, anti the whole hud a Very pretty effect. ' i For furtbor,details of the illuminations, recourse must bo had to tho papers of the day. COLONISTS' RALL. Tho hall given lo' HI-i Tioynl Highness tho Duke of Edinburgh, on the night'ofFriday, the 17th instant, proved one of tho most successful that has evor hilton placo in Tasmania, although at ono timo approhon sions wore entertained that the unsettled state of tho woatlior, and tho unfortunate necessity of holding tho general illumination of tha city upon the sumo evening, would have debarred many of thoso presont from actually joinins; in it. Tho ball was organised ' under the auspices of the following gentlemen :-The non. J. M. AVilson, chairman, George Adams, Esq., Josoph Allport, Esr)., Morton Allport, Esq., J. W. Agnow, Esq., C. P. llolstead, Esq., R. S. Bright, Esq., Cliarlos Butler, Esq., Henry Butler, Esq., Hon. T. D. Chapman, Colonol Crawford, T. B. Clarke, Esq., Sir Ii. Dry, C. Degraves, Esq., 0. DesVoaux, Esq., Hon. Jumos A. Donn, Hon. AVilllam Lambert Dobson, John Postor, Esq., 'P. Giblin, Es-p, N. Gres- ley, Esq., Rev. li. D. Harris, Honry Hunter, Esq., Alfred Htiybcrg, Esq., John Lord, Esq., James Lord, E^., E. J. Manley, 'Esq., .T. 0. Since, Esq., Askin Morrison, Esq., C. M. Maxwell, Esq., Hon. AV. E. IMuirn, lion. li. Olficer, H. J. Peters, Esq, Lavington Roope, Esq., T. C. Srmut, Esq., AV. S. Sharland, Esq., W. Turloton, E3q., A. G. Webster, Esq., Hon. J. ,Whyte, J. Roohor, ,jun., Hon. Secretary, who noted as stewards,-and víais altonded by between 300 and -100 of tho elito of tho city. Alterations hnd boen modo in tho decorations of the ball room sinco the 'state hall given hy His Excollonoy tho Govornor on tho 8th inst. Thö nlcovo which was on that occasion converted into a dais for the convonionco of His Royal Highness and suite having been dovotod to tho band, and tho supper laid in tho lurga apartment upon the samo floor, whioh was previously dovotod to a refreshment room, tho decoration of tho room, nlmplifid by tho removal of tho floral dovices from tho windows, in our opinion accordod moro with the pure architectural beauty of the apartment. Tho arrivals commenced at about half-past oighl o'clock, and continued successively until ten, when His Royal Highness entered tho room escorting Airs. Goro Browne, tho various members ofthoHoynl suite following, tho chairman, and Btewavds having pre- viously received the Royal party at the ontranco, and accompanied thom up tho staircase. Tho guard of honor for tho ovonlng was slationod outside under tho command of Captain Soundors, 2-Hth liegt, assisted by subalterns AVhidburn and Daly. At this moment the strains of tho band of the Galatea poolod forlh in the National Anthem, during which tho Duke was conducted to tho chair of stale at the hoad of tho boll room, and immediately afterwords, at a signal from Mr. 0. Do Vreux, who officiated as master of tho ceremonies, commenced tho first danoo of tho evening, a quadrille, in which His Royal Highness was plcasod to toko part, having Mrs. Goro Browno for n partner, with His ISxcelloncy and Lady Dry for a vis-a-vis. Dancing was continued with great animation, the progrnmmo containing no Joss than tvvonty-four dnnces, in threo others of which Ilia Royal Highness subsequently took part, having honored Lady Dry and AIÍ3S Lemprloro by Boleoting thom for partners. Tho floor was in excellent ordor for dancing, and tho music brilliant. Through tho kindness ol' tho Duko tho band of Iho Galatea had been pormitted to attend, and as most of our readers have had tho opportunity of bearing its dolicions strains at tho late concert at tho Town Hall and olsovvhero, it is needless for us to pass enco- miums upon tho delicacy and beauty of its execution. Tho supper arrangements had boon ontrusted to Mr. John AVobb, of Murray-street, and great and general satisfaction was expressed at tho ablo manner in which ho had carriod out this, by no montis unim- portant portion of thojjvoning'sjirogrjunme ; in fact, ' "oliT Tasmanian Gunter excelled lmïïs"5ir~on~tliT.r occasion. In ordor to prevent confusion a portion only of tho guests wore admitted into tho supper room at one tuno, lrcsn. relays visiting it on tlio withdrawal of tlio others. Tho doors woro first oponod at half-past twelve, tho Duke conducting Mra. Goro Browne to tlio chairs provided for him mid tho lady niombera among the guests and subscribers at tho hoad of Iho aiignor room. Tho Prince's piper was present, nnd played one or two pieces during supper much to tho amusement and delight of those present. At the close of tho supper, Tho Hon. J. M. AVitsox, M.L.O., who ocoupiod tho chair, thon roso and said :-Genlloinon,-I propose to you a toast which you nro all prepared for on such an occasion as this, and which needs no rocommondntion from mo to tho company I now seo boforo mo. Gon- tlomon, 1 shall not hesitate to say in this Royal pro Bonce that tho loyully of Tasmania is deop-sonted,and conspicuous on every legitimate occasion. Tho health of Hor Majesty is always received ia this country with loyal demonstrations. AAro arc now permitted to ranow those demonstrations in the pre- sence ot a son of our beloved Queen. Neod 1 say another word to urge you to respond loyally mid heartily io this tonst ? Gontlomon, let us drink as becomes Englishmen and Tasmanians, tho Queen. Tho toast was enthusiastically (bunk. Tho Hon. J. M. WILSON* again roso and said: Gontlomon, I now call upon yon to drink tho health of our Royal guest. In your namo I dosiro to assuro His Royal Highness ol' tho prido and happiness it affords us all to seo him on this occasion. As Hor Majesty's son, wo hnvo done our host to woloomo His Roynl Highness to Tiismanin, and this is tho only oppoitunity wo can enjoy of demonstrating to His Royal Highness poisonally our thankfulness that ho has visited this remote British dependency, and witnessed for himsolf tho loyalty of its colonists. I will not weary him or dotnin you with furthor remark-short spoeches bosl'hefit such an occaion ns this, und I know you uro nil anxious to prove your loyal appreciation of tho honors of this gracious visit. Gontlomon, I proposo to you tho health ot our illustrious visitor, His Royal Highness tho Duke of Edinburgh. The toast was responded to with tho greatest onthnsinsm. His ROYAL HIGHNESS said : Ladies and gontlomon, I thank you for the hoarty manner in willoh you have drunk my health, which hns been proposed in such kind terms hy the Chairman. I am very glad that my profession ns a suilor has onnblod mo to visit thoso distant colonies, and to witness mysolf as an Englishman the spirit of loyally which exists towards tho Quean, my mother, and which has boon so cordially expressed towards myself ns a member of tho Royul family. It has boon an especial pleasure to mo to visit Ibis beautiful island, which was dis- covered by that ominent navigator Tasman, and has boon sinco visited by many distinguished navigators. I again bog to thank you for tho hoarty manner in which yon havo drunk my health. His ROYAL Hiaiixr.ss again roso and said: I also havo a toast to propose, tho prosperity of tho colony of Tusinania, nnd vvith this I would couple tho nam'o of the Governor, who you nil rospoct so much, mid who I shall nil my lifo ostoom as a personal fiiond. Drunk with choors. His Excollonoy the Govcnxon said : Sir, in tho namo of tho pooplo of Tasmania, I beg to roturn j your Royal Highnoss our host thanks ; and for my- an! f T hatr In thnnk von osuociallv for havinor dono mo tho honor to oouplo my nomo with that of tho colony with which-by Her Slajosty'H favor-I havo boen identified for tho last six years. Ludios and gonttamon, I would willingly "bxpross my thanks to you at greater length, woro this a proper timo for so doing ; but, as our worthy Mayor fins said, long subjects oughl now to bo dealt with in short spoochos, for tho yoting pooplo would bo ill plonsed if thoir precious timo wore wasted in long ones. I will thoioforo limit mysolf to saying that I am grateful to you for many kind doods as woll IIB words during the last six yonra, and now especially for tho kind mannor in which you havo responded to tho remarks His Royal 1 lighnoss has boon good onough to moko. Tho dopai'ttiro of the Royal party took placo shortly afterwards, but dancing was continued with great spirit by those romaining until botwoon -f and 5 in tho morning, avorybody expressing delight at the wbolo affair. Daylight carno through tho win- dows on tho last danoo being playod, Tho band- master was oxtromoly obliging, and dospito tho lato hour wished to rocommonoo tho programme. THE PARTING EMBARCATION. On Saturday afternoon, in accordance with tho notioopublishod in tho morning's Mercury, nis Royal Highness took his dopatturo, for tho prosont at loast, from tho shores ofTitsinnnia. Thomornlngcommonood in aunshlno such ns wo havo not boon much favorod with of lato, and ut tho hour prosoribad by tho rulos of naval otiquotto tho Galatea was duly" dressod in oolois in propuralion for tho groat ovont of tho day, Tho starboard nnohor was also vvoighod oarly in tho forenoon, and steam got up, and tho vessel accordingly rodo by a sin- glo chain in readiness for tho ordor to proceed tosoa. Half-pnst olovon d'oloolc liad boon officially named na tho tima for tho embarcation of His Ttoyul High- ness, but jt waa also requested that persona who had been privileged to take part in the state landing should assomblo on the ordnance wharf at 11*30 lo witnosa < tho formal conclusion of tho illustrious guest's sojourn. Within a few minutes of that hour tho aspect of the portion of thu wharf enclosed for ceiemonitil purposes connected with tho Piinco's vidit wu8 so deserted ns to ronder it ditlloult to believe that any oeeunenco of public inteiest was about to tako place. The wharf wns, in fact, totally unoccupied oxcept by a few of tho | oidinary morning loungers at tho river side, i until at as nearly as possiblo the timo 1 fixed for tho assembling of tho privileged persons already rofen-od to, a detachment of police under the oiders of Chief District Constable Jones was seen approaching from beneath tho om blematical aroh. This body of mon on their arrival cleared the ground of all casual visitors, and pro vented tho outrance of others. About 11 o'clock tho privileged visitors bogan to arrive, and of thoso who secured admission to tho onclosmo the subjoined is as nearly ns possiblo a correct list :-Mr. AV. L. Dobson, Attornoy-Gonoral, and his brother, Mr. F. S. Dobson ; Thoir Honors Sir Valentino Fleming, Chief Justice, and Sir F. Smith ; Mossrs. E. J. Manley, Colonial Auditor, Barnard, Government Printer, Calder, Survoyor-Gonoral, Stephens, Inspector of Schools ; W. Giblin ; G. Salier, M.H.A ; J. AVhyte, M.L.O. ; the Very Rev. W. J. Dnnne, Vicar-General ; the Vory Rev. G. Hunter, Archdeacon ; the Rev. Mr. Ironside, Messrs. H Bilton, R. AValker, M.H.A., H. Cook, Sir R. Dry, J. Forster, Sheriff, W. Tarleton, tho Hon T. D. Chapman, Colonial Treasurer, Messrs. D. Lewis, M.H.A., H. AVilkinson, Town Clerk, tho Hon. J. M. Wilson, Dr. Agnew, Liout. Lloyd, R.E , Dr. Hall, and Messrs. Howell, II. Hopkins, tho Hon. AAr E Nairn. President of tho Legislativo Council. At 20 minutos past 11 o'clock tho military guard of honor, composed of a detachment of tho 2-1-Uh Regt., under the command of Captain Morgan, with sub- alterns Ottloy and Churchward, marched upon tho ground. Major Maycock accompanied the detach- ment, as did also Captain AVnrron, R.E., on horse- back, and tho band of tho battalion. Tho guard was quickly followd by two drays and a cab convoying tho luggago of nie Royal High- ness, and these had scarcely halted inside the enclosure when the Prince's six horso carriage, pre codod by two outriders and followd by two orderlies, drovo up at a rapid pace. Othor carriages followed, conveying the remaining members of tho Royal party, who consisted of His Excellency tho Governor and Mrs. Goro Browne, Lioutonont Haig, tho Hon. E. Yorke, and Air. Brierly. Upon tho arrival of His Royal Highness most of tho gentlemen assembled to moot bim took off their bats, and His Royal High- ness acknowledged the soluto by a Bimilar act of courtesy. Ho thon convorsod for a taw moments with His Excellency tho Governor, Mrs. Goro Browne, and Sir li. Dry, whilst two boats from tho Galatea were boing rowed on shore for tho rocoption of the Royal party. Beforo tho first of the boats reached tho landing stops, tho report of tho oponing gun of tho soluto boomed from tho sido of tho frigate. His Royal Highness, 'taking Mrs. Goro Brovvno on his arm, then ombarked on board tho boat sont for his rocoption. Ho was followed by Sir li. and Lady Dry, His Excelloncy tho Governor, Captain Steward, Air. Tarleton, Mr. AV. L. Dobson, Attornoy-Gonoral, Mr. T. D. Chapman, Treasurer, His Worship the Mayor, Mr. J. Forstor, Sheriff, Mr. F. S. Dobson, Lients. Lloyd, R.E., and Churohward, and a numbor of ladies. In tho meantime the Royal salute from tho Galntea had been concludod, and tho guns_ ol' Battery Point had commenced thoir roply, which was duly completed. No sooner had tho boats con- voying tho Royal party reached the eido of tho Galatea and disembarked thoir occupants than Lord Newry returned in.one of them to make enquiries, by command of H.R.1I. tho Duko of Edinburgh, as to tho ro3ultsofan accident which had ocourred, nnd tho condition of tho various persons who hud sufforod by it. Tho Gnlatoa finally qnittod her anchorage as nearly ns possiblo at 3 p.m., and proceeded on hor trip lo Sydnoy. ADDRESSES AND REPLIES. Somo of tho addresses presented to His Royal Highness havo not boon iorvvardod to us. To others, wo hnvo not been able to procuro the roplics. A number of Iho addresses, vvith or without replies, iippoar in tho body of our ropoit. Such others as wo could find room for follow. Vory fow havo boon omitted. Cumien OP Eson.vMn. Presented by tho Bishop »ml bis Chaplain, the Rev. II. ii. Bromby. "To His Roynl Highness Alfred Ernest Albeit, Duke of Edinburgh, Duke of Saxony, Prince of Coburg Gotha, K.U., K.T. " AVe, the Bishop of Tnsmnuia and Olorgyinen minis- tering under his authority, desire to give ii hearty and respectful welcomo to your Royal Highness, mid to assure you of our loyalty aud attachment te Her Most Gracions Majesty. " AVe presont our united nnd individual homage to your Royal Highness as the son of our beloved Queen, thankfully remembering the virtues which havo endeared her name to lons of thousands of her subjects who have never seen the fatherland or the person of their Sovereign. " Wo gratefully cherish tho memory of tho bonofits which tho great Kiug whose namo you benr und many othor of your Roynl ancestors have conferred on our church thiough a lougsuccession of ages; aud we are glad to assure your Royal Highness that tho apostolic -faith and woralnp,-ns mnintninuit by tho United Chinch of England and Ireland, nie professed by tlio great majority of tho people of Tnsinnnia, and uro, ns we trust, cherished not less oarnestly hore tbau in any othei put of the iiiitish Linpue "Islondeia ouiselves, wo feo! o special interest in a Punco who represents ni his own poison oin Queen's sovereignty of the sens, nnd wo tuist that tho visit of vom Royal Hialinos* te tho colonies of Australnsu may tend to draw them more closely togcthti lu tho bonds of a common biothethood, mid in dutiful attachment te Iho throne "It is our earnest proveí, that whitovei high position may await you in thu oidcnug of divine providence, )ou mny fill it woitb.il> of thoso chustiiin influences by which tho childhood mid vouth of >onr Roy id Hi0hness were ao happily surrounded, aud of thoso deep mid s ici ed memories which > on will evei associate with the nomo of youl lllusti ions fulhoi. ' (Sngned) C H lvsitVNiv, "On boholf of thoClorg)," REIM "My Lotd and Gentlemen, -I receive with much pleasure tho hearty welcome >ou havo "ivon ino on my nu ii al lu this colony, where I icjuicc to find the Chuich of 1 nghind so hi mly established I tiust no less Hi in you Hint freut this time, if it bo possible, the ties winch uuito ) ou to England mil) beeonio closer still, thoj,,!! the niunoiouB assurances I lime retoivtd would led mo te suppose Hint nothing could bo deopor thnn tho at tâchaient which ali emly docs, mid Ihuvo no doubt ulna)s will exist in tho limits of tho colonists of Aus trilintovvnids the mothar counti) nnd tho Bl itish throne I hopo tluit with Gud's assistance, mid the good e\ninplo of in> deo. fnthti befoio mo, I sholl ni w11) s f idhi tho (lillies of my position to tho s ilisfiietiou of Hoi Mnjcst) the Queen, my inutlior, nnd my country I thank >ou most sincerely for tho address you havo presented to me, nnd foi the sentiments of lovo nud loudly to Hei Jlnjestycoutninodm it vvhich,vvithyoui earnest pinyeis foi my piospouty, will over remain treasured ni my recollection of iasmnnnt " (Signed) ALrnED " To the Bishop of Tnsuinnio and tho Clergymen of the United Chuich of England nnd Irolund " CHURCH OF ROVIE Piesouted by tho Biahop of Hobart Town, accomp9iuiod hy Archdeacon Huntoi "To His lio)il lligluiess Punco Alfred Ernest Albert, Duke of Ediubuigh, Duke of Saxony, i.e. " Mny it ploiso your Roynl Highneäs, " Wo, tho Bishop of llobuit town nnd tho Catholic Clergy of the Diocose of Hobart Town, bog most io spcctfully to npjnonoh )out Ilo>iil Highness ou tho auspicious occasion of youi visit to Insmnuio " Wo vei> wat inly congratulate) on on vom niuvil lu this colony, and rondil) uv ml ourselv os of tho oppoi tunity which}om presence nffords of giving expression te Iho devotion and lo>nlty to out Alott Gracious Sovoieign tho Queen, ) otu ntUjtist mothar, to hot throne, mid to tho Royal lamily.with which wt uro inspired " Wo «meei ely ti list yum v isit te i'asninnio will prove o moans of piebelit onjoYment, and a subject of jilcnsiug recollection to )ott in fnttiio, and foiventl) pray the Almighty Gnei of oil good "ifts to giant long life nnd ovei) lupniness to Hot Alost Gncious Majesty the Queen, nud ovoiy blessing to )o n Royal Highuoss aud lo all llio mcmbcis of the Royal ramil) " Signed on behnlf of tho Cloigy of oin Dtocoso, "DVMEL Alunriiv, Bishop of Hobiit Towu '' REPM. "AfyLord,-I thank you, nnd tho Roman Cathobo Clerg) of tho Dioceso of Hourn t Town foi tho oddi ess of wolcomo wluoli >ou havo piosonttd te mo ou my ninvul ia tins colon). I shall nlwn)s look back on my v isit to 1 nstuauia vv ith the gi cutest pleasui o, when I feel Hint tho sentiments of loyalty nnd affection to Her Mnjeaty tho Queen, hoi Hu olio mid hoi family mo ns sincarolv en toi tamed ns thovmo touohinclv oxmosssed I thank you for the prayers you offer up to tho Almighty, and join mino willi yours thnt Ho muy ovor piotoot with His divine Grnco Her Majesty tho Qaoeu, my mother, and all inombors of hor family. "ALFRED. " Tho most Reverend the Bishop of Hobart Town, aud tho Roman Catholio Clergy. Ouunon OP SCOTLAND. Presoutod by the Moderator, tho Rov. J. Sorvico, and tho Rev. 0. Simson. "To His Roynl Higbuoss Prineo Alfi-od Ernoat Albeit, Duko of Edinburgh, Duke of Sa.xony, Prineo of O iburg Gotha, Kuight of tho .Most Noble Order of the Giu-lor, &c.; " Moy it pienso your Royal Ilighnoss, "AVe, the Ministers and Bidura of tho Church of Scot- land in Tasmania, beg to offor to your Royal Iligbnoss our hoarty congratulations on your prospoious voynga lo tho Australian colonies, your recorded gratification in witnessing tho prosperity mid loyalty of thoso of thom you havo already visited, mid cm»your8iifa arrival in Tasmania. ' "" "In common with all dusses of our fellow colonists, wo rojolco that nu opportunity is afforded ns of bidding your Roval Highness a most cordial woloomo to this colony, and of assuring you of our dovotod loyalty to tlici'throno and poison of Hor .Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria. , , " Wo rojolco that au opportunity ia afl'oidod us by this visit of your Royal Hlghuoss, uot only of doolnring to you our sonso of the obligation under which tho causo of roligion lins boou laid throughout the world by tho poivunnl virtuos of hor Majesty, and thoso of your Inmoutod fithor, but nlso of nokunwledgliig tho apocial favour and iittnchmont which Her Mnjosty, in her royal stiii ion, lins over shown to tho Church of our fathers. " Wo ooiuiuond your Roynl Highnoss, in your fin thor progress through thoso colonies mid iu ¡ill your fiittuo career, to tho caro and protection of Almighty God, I beseoehlng Ililli that Ho would bo pleasod to bestow upon you, with all temporal gifts, the choicest blessing of His ' ginco, aud finally grant you au abundant outiauoo iuto the everlasting Kingdom of our Laid and Saviour, " On behalf of the Ministem and Elders of thoChui-cb of Scotland In Tasmania, "(Signed) Jotw SElïvick "Moderatorof the l'roshyteiy of Tasmania.» COXOTtEOAT-IONAL CllUncil. Presented by tho Rev. G.' Olmko. "To His Royal Highness Prineo Alfied Ernest Albert Dulco of Edinlmrgh, Knight of the Alost Honoi-tliiü Older of the Gnitoiv&o.; . ml° " May it please your Roynl flighness, "We, tlio Al misters nud Delegates of tho Congr-H-i. tiomd Union and Mission of Tasmania, bog môiit respectfully to offer your Royal Highness our heattv wolcnmo to this colony. ' " Wo dosiro to nssm-o your Roynl Highness of our loyal attnohment to the Royal Family,of Great Britain and specially of our ontiro devotiou to tho person and Goverumeut of our Most Gracious Sovereign the Queen "Wo devoutly commend -your, ltoynl Highness ti tho fnvor and protection of Almighty God, mid «n» that yuur Royal Highness may enjoy many .yean ¿ health, honor, and happiness. . " (Signed) GEOKau.OLAiiKE, Obnirinan " (Signed) AV. 0. EouiKSOK.Seoretiiry."' WnSLErAS CONTEREXCE. Proäented by tho Rev. \V. A. Quick. "To HÍB Roynl Highness Prineo Allied Einest Alhn.i Duko of Edinburgh, i*c. "' " May it jilease your Royal Highness, " AVe tho .Ministers of the Wesloymi MotliodlstChnrth in Tasmania desiro to unite with our fellow colonists in joyfully hulling the arrival of your Royal Highness on the shores of Australia, nnd in offoiiug you n loyal and hearty welcome to our isfnud home. " The religious commuuity to which wo bolong ivan beon always dlstiugulaheinor.ita loynlty to the Cronn wo grently rejolco iu the opportunity which tim visit c'| your lioyal Highness alfords us, of thus expressing our continued mid unfeigned devotion to tho throne of our Most Gracious Sovereign tho Queen, na well as ourluH admiration of her many virtues. " "Wa ti list Hint the vvelcomo visit of your Horil Highness to theso colonies will bo productive of mud, enjoyment to yoursolf, na wo fool assured it will ¡JO O| great advantage to the publia weal ; and vvo pray that tho Gicat Ruler of tho Umverao may crown your futuu Ufa with nil temporal aud spiritual blessings. " On behalf of tho Ministera of the Wealeynn Charca iu Tasmania, (Signad) Wir. A. QUICK, " Chnirintiu of Hie District.'1 THE HEBREW OOSOBCOATIOÎ*. Presented by the Rabbi, the liov. J. M. OoUlreicle supported by the Wurdeus, Mr, P. Levy, President; 3b, J. Solomon, Ti cusin or ; and Mr. E. Susmnn, lion, ¡ice] Dont, xxviii. G.--jnnsa nn» "ptn yoi nns -p-a "To His ltoynl Higfluoss Prince Alfred Elnoat Albert Duke of Edinburgh, Knight of Iho moat Uonorallé Older of the Gm ter, &c;, &c;, &c;, " May it jilease your lioyal Highness, "Wo, tho Minister, Wardens mid Officers of tl¡ Hobait Town Hebi ew Congregation ou behalf of oir selves mid the members of our community, beg to approach your ltoynl Highness with an expression of on loyal attachment to the poison of your august mother Her Most Gracious Majesty tho Queen, and the Uti mid institutions of the iii ¡Uah Empire. " Wo congratulate your lioyal Iligbnosa upon v-tu safo arrival iu this colony, nud wo h-uat that among ti. many scones of duvotcdiioss and loyalty, which »illgitfi your Roynl Highness during your progress through ¿t Australian colonies, tho lecollcctions ot your Rotil Highness's sojourn in oui hoiutifal lsliud inly not bi amongst tho lenst pic ismg. " Wo sincoitly pi îy tint tho God of Israel nut protect) oui Roynl Highness und so guide )our tteps, that > on become a woi thy scion of your Uto revere] futhei, Albert the Good " AVe beg to subscubiJ ourselves "Aotii Ho)ni Highness's "Most huniblo mid obedient senants, "J M GoLDuricu, Munster "Pullti Levi, Piosidcut "j emin SOLOMON, Treasurer "Luo SubMVN, lion Secutar) "S)mgogue Chnmhtrs, "Tobeth BG2b, (Januirv 1SGS)" Rilli " Gentleman -Tho oxpi cssion of Io) ii nttaclimetit u tho jieison of Itet Mnjesty the (¿uetn, nnd to tlio k11 and institutions of the Hi .tish Lmpuc, which vour ti d)e«s coot tins demil nd my worm acknowledgment,» also do v otu 1 nul congi itttlntiuus on my snfe nrnval, ni tho lunjeis which )ou oflui up on ni) behalf to tint OP God whom wo woiahip in common 1 nsäiuo)ouI«Ü ovoi ti casino the inomoi) of my sojourn-shoit n« ti» foi Innately it must be-amongst the beautiful scentij of this island "(Signed) Al rat» " To the Minister, AVaiilons, mid ofheeis of HIL Hotot Town Hebrew Congregation " TllL lill Kit VIsONH Presentad b> Ali 1' 1 ddin0ton nnd tbo G rind L»lj» "lo His ROI ni Highness Pinico Alfred, Dub of Llinluith, Duko of Saxon) Pinico of Cote; Gotha, Knight of the Most Aroble Older of Iii Ciiutti, Cnptini of tho Royal Navy, Le " Alay it ])lcis,e xoui ltu> d Highness, "As Brethren of tho nntieiit Lintoimty of Free uti Accepted Mnaons, wo beg le iv 0 to offer our hearty gi tolinga te Vom Roynl Highness ou the occisión ii youl visit to lnsinnmn " Wo hail > ou as the son of oui belov eil Queen, andu the descendant of 1111 lllustuous Hi other ami Gut-i Mnstci of out Oulci, His Ko) ni Highness ihohtcDti' of Kent " Wo most hciililyiojoicom lliooppoitiuuljsffota«! us of offoung oui issuioneo of loynlt) to jourPonl jnicnt, mid of sincere nltnchnicnt to Hie laws and urti tuttons cstiblishid tlirouahout Ilei Jlost fticiou Alijesty's 1 list dominions 1 Wo are t.atilicd lo lemi lintYmu Royal Hijtsui voyugo has bom thus f it propitious an I «0 ftmttlj piny til li Iho G1 tit Al clulcct of Iho lunvcisa may pitt«! you from tvoi) ilmigci, mid restore youtoyourliomu benth, happiness, anil safct) anil whetliei lour Kimi Holiness should continue lo iiiloin the naval struct if Cleat Kuluin, oi be called loiulo the ualivoluiilofvo leveled fathci, Albeit tho Good, ma) tlio Most Ile! enden.' von with wisdom and undeiataiidui0 sticngtbi lou with His might) powci.nnd fiuallv leceive vouat* tluse leabns wheio Hohims.olf lives indieigisforcnr1 " We havo the honoi lo HibaCi ibe out elves, on bekf ' of tho PintoimL), " 'Youl Roy ii Highness s " ¿lost obedient ÍCIV intä, RLIIV "Gentlemen,-I find with gieat plcnsuro that th. loynlty winch iilwnys chin totalises tlio member»of lb misóme fiitotmt) ia cqunllv binned by tlio branch of tho ancient oidci in lasiimiri Accept mt ainwi thnukafui join nddicas, and assurances of attachment J tho Queen, mid lespoet foi the livvs and lustilutiou of lim \lajcst*.'a kingdom continued in it 1 skill en louieuibei with feolni"s of gintitudo >our ferra ptnyeis foi my protection and bnppincas through li, and I ti ust Unit, profiting by the good cxnmplo uf cr deal futhei, I shall not fail to do my dut) ia «¡utera position it pleases God to pi ico mo m " Airen. "To tho Mombcis of tho Auciout OuH of lite l-l Aecojitcd Milsons " ANCIF1Tl*JDnrKSDr\T OlIDlUOl OUD lELTOWS. Picaenlcd by tho Ginini Mnstei, Doput) Omul Maila G i uni Seel otni), mid Chaplnin ' To His HO) ii Higbnosa Pi ince Alfie 1 Ernest Albert, Knight of tho Most iNnblo Oidoi of Ilio Outer,i. " Mnv it picuo yom Ro)al Highness, " Wo, tho Grand Mnstei, Deputy Grand Muta Bond of Dnectois, and memboia of the Ancient B1 Tndopondont Oidui of Odd lollows inouill) Scat* desuo to congratulate yom Jtoyni Highness upon jo sufo ai uval in Tasmania " We bog to nssiuo youl Royal llighuess, that mia tho lending piniciplea of oin Oidoi, we aro lx togothor ni a boud of lo)ilty to the throuo of Injjiit and biolhoily lovo tow n da each othor anil our Ml» mon Wo desiro, theiefoie, by oui hearty mil "onul locoption of yom Ro)il Uijduicsa, to demonstran ra devotod attacbnicnt to our beloved Sovoieign and tot! membois of her illustrious house Wo sincoicl) trust th it yom visit to Tiuniatni s" bo productivo of gi itificuhon to youl Ro)al Hi-toa mid that you ina) bo epiiod safely to rotúralo'*' Lnglnud, nud long to uphold tho honor of thal MW profession winch it ia your plcaauto to udora, " Wuuvvr IIvhSON, Grand Master, " J VUES ltonEtusoN, Deputy Grand Wink" " litoMvs YOUNO McCilltistir, Glan Ifaecrelirr " Alicnm.vC0N Du its, Grand Cb ipi im " Hobart 'lowu, 'liismaiiia, " Deceniboi 2ud, 1S07 " II II M v " Gontlomen,-In tho address I havo lind tim plea"! of iceoiving from youl Oidoi, >ou bavogivonutUnM to tho wish, winch lum convinced is also slnred by u youl fellow colonists, tint I should noocpt tho'j«? woleomn which has gloated mo boro, na a proof oil" sincouty of vom loyilty to tho Queen " "It will, I nssuio )ou, bo most gratifying tow Majosty to loin n from mo that lim 'tasmanian Wj» havo evinced tina lo) ni apnit of devoted attaehineni tj hoi thronoand porsun, and on behalf of Hor J")T' thank you most aincoioly, nt tho samo tuno t»« ' lotuin )ou my grateful ackiiowlcdginonts for the n" sotitimotita that you o*cpi ess towuds mysolf " (Si -nod» Atfitt. "To tho Grand Mnstei, Dejiutv Guild Mnktor ¡w of Dnectois, mid Mombois of the Anciont mid M* pondent Ordur of Odd 1 ollovvs rrioiully Society MANOitEsmit UNITY I.O.O.I?. , Prosontod by Thoa. Noah, Provincial Grand W< HobnitTovvn Distiict, ALU. Odd Folio»». "To Cnplnln His Royal Highness Alfred triiesUlt« Prince of tho ITnited Kiugdom of Great Bntjim« Ireland, Duke of Saxony, Duko of Edmbursli, W» of Kent, K.G., to. " Mny it please your Roynl Ilighnoss, ...J "Wo, tho lopiosontutlvo ollluors of ' Tim «." Town Distiict of tho Mmichosior Unity Indopenle« Oidor of Odd, Follows," hog lonvo to toiidor to w Royal Highr.oss tim nssurmico of our gratified"»! «jw uinvolinTnaninnin. , .,,_,, " Wo humbly toko tho opportunity of «ho tem» through your Royal Itlglmuss tho oontintianto« w loyalty lo your lioynl mother Her Alnjostv QM"J¿ toi m, ns well os to bor august thiono mid tim «u«*"^ therote, na suoh succession is by low mid cmtoni mm established. , . ,i..v«t " Shuoiiily praying Hint Almighty God inn) h » "" Roynl Highness willi a long mid happy lue, , .1 .* Wo hilve tho honor to ho, on bohalf of oiiuol\ti>' tho distiict of "Tho Mmichostor Unity H«^ Oidor of Odd Follows," over willoh vyo proinlft », Roynl Hlghnosa'a niOBt liuniWo nnd very o«*" survauls, . " _ p ,r " THOMAS NOAH, P;MÄ«, " OtI.Vllhl'H OlUiKS, I'D«' "A. T. SMAuiaioiitf.LlW " GonUomen,-l hnvo received with muoli »tunT tho expressions of gratlfiuiiliou nt roy silo «m Tnsinmiln, mid I bog to IISBUIO you pf llio great I which this visit has glvon mo. The »I"1".0'.'};' QM* loyalty tovviuda tim thrnno and poison ot i » M ovutaucod, nb It is, hy the hearty welçomo » u T¿ ( havo assisted III uccnidlngmo, «nniiot fini Wi '» ,jj to Her Miijiiaty, nudonliorhohiilf Ithmik)ou n» for It. «AWIIS» «To tito Ropi-osoututivo OfllooiBof tho Ilota' *£ district of tho Manohostoi Unity, ludcpondcu v of Oddlï'ltaw«.'* 