CONCERNING THE BRITISH MUSEUM. (From the Daily Telegraph.) IF anybody, from the ghost of John Philip de Lolme downwards, could tell where the British Constitution began— whether in Stonehenge, among a select circle of Druidical jurisconsults, or in a Saxon Wittenagemote, or in an assembly of Danish Berserkers, then the British Constitution might be likened to the British Museum. Unfortunately, with'iegard to the establishment in Great Russell-street, the date of the foundation is well-known— a fact which strikes at once at the root of our parallel. Otherwise there is some thing essentially constitutional about our national collection of antiquities. It is an omnium gatherum, like the Constitution of odds and ends of wisdom and learning, from all parts of the world, and its trea sures have been culled from repositories now of yesterday's date and now thousands of years old. It is the most aged and the most juvenile of scientific institutions. Popular though the Museum is in its every condition of existence, we are yet constitutionally of opinion that its admi nistration most be confided to a body of trustees, who are generally Bishops or Cabinet Ministers, or some kindred variety of the genus "big-wig." And, finally, like the British Constitution, the British Museum stands in perpetual need of some thing to be done for it. It has never been finished, and probably never will be. It can never be marked "complet" like a French omnibus, or the Louvre, or the Organic Law of the Empire. It is always being cobbled and patched, tinkered and stitched. Now a little bit more is added to it; now we contemplate enlarging it on a very grand scale, and then we pass several years in discussing whether the next best thing would not be to let it alone. For, on the whole, the Con stitution and the Museum work well; and with all their faults, when we think of the Habeas Corpus and the Bill of Rights on the one hand, and the Reading Room, the National History Collection, and the Nineveh bas-reliefs on the otter, we are inclined to back both against any other Constitution or Museum to be found the whole world over. The astonishing collection of literary, scientific, antiquarian, and artistic treasures known as the British Museum has been the growth of little more than a century. The first purchase towards its formation was made in 1753. The first sugges tion for a Museum sprang from the will of the famous physician, Sir Hans Sloane, who offered to the Government, for twenty thousand pounds, the rarities which he had spent fifty thousand in collecting. The offer was accepted, and the nation be came possessed of all Sir Hans' " books, drawings, manuscripts, prints, medals, seals, cameos, intaglios, precious stones, agates, jaspers, crystals, mathematical instruments, and pictures." About the same time the Har leian collection of manuscripts was also acquired by the State ; and to hold all these treasures, Montagu House was purchased from Lord Halifax, all the necessary funds being raised by a hundred thousand pound lottery. So that, for once in a way, some good came out of gambling. The respect able Montagu House soon proved a Castle of Otranto; for the Museum grew too big for its dwelling, and proposals were made for its removal to Buckingham House, now the town residence of Her Majesty. At one time it was very nearly being in stalled in Old Palace Yard. At present, as everybody knows, Mr. Cole and the wise men of Brompton are violently anxious to carry off at least a portion of the contents of the British Museum to South Kensington. The structure has been for many years subjected to an inter mittent process of architectural patching. In 1823 George IV. presented his father's library to the nation—a noble gift, though in accumulating its splendid materials George 111. boasted that he never spent more than two hundred a year. To accom modate the King's library a new building was erected in the rear of the original one. Gradually, the quaint old red brick built quadrangle of Montagu House gave place to a gloomy and grand Graeco-lonic fabric designed by Mr. Smirke. The last relic of the ancient mansion to disappear was the gateway in Great Russell-street, with its picturesque octagonal turret, clock, and cupola. The present aspect of the Museum is familiar to the public. It is a very imposing mass of stone-work; but it would be slightly more productive of pleasurable impressions in the mind of the spectator if it did not quite so closely resemble a county gaol, with the usual brick wall replaced by a thundering bronze railing profusely gilt. Huge as it is, and vast as the sums which have been spent upon it, the exterior of the Museum has a decidedly unfinished look. There are big pedestals flanking the portico designed to support the monumental groups of sculp ture; but the statues have not yet been carved or cast, nor, so far as we know, even modelled. Beneath the colossal columns of the facade nestle the paltriest imaginable sheds of blackened timbers rudely glazed, in which are huddled away, for want of room inside the building, a sumptuous collection of antiquities from Halicarnassus and other famous clas sical localities. Inside, the place is full to bursting. The cellars are full of priceless " curios." In the sculpture galleries, which are in themselves little better than family vaults, exquisitely beau tiful statues and busts are stacked after the fashion of the "compo" stags, lions, unicorns, Cupids, Psyches, and Infant Samuels in the Euston-road. So cabined, cribbed, and confined is the British Museum, that fully one-third of its trea sures remain concealed from the public gaze. A Londoner may live till eighty without having set eyes upon the prints, the drawings, the coins, the medals, and the gems in Great Russell-street—objects which have been bought with the money of the nation, and which are as clearly national property as the National Gallery. 