MES. STA2SH0PES LAST LODGER. iCowluded from oar last. 1 JFrom Harper's New Monthly Magazine.] As time went 011 Mrs. Stanhope began to think that she had been over-anxious, for nothing could be more satisfactory than the course of affairs. There were none of those stairway meetings and talkings she had such a honor of. Odly a courteous and rather stately "good-morning" or "good-evening" occasionally, in a swift passage to and from the door. " There never -was such a proper and dis creet bachelor, mother," Frank, who must always have her fun, commented to her mother. " He's as grave mid proper as one ! of the patriarchs." In the meantime this " grave and proper" bachelor, who had learned the family cir cumstances from his nephew, was wishing he could be of service to bis neighbours. " That little girl who opened the door for us and laughed in our faces that first night, Hob, might do something with that voice of hers if she liked," Mr. Hadley said one evening when Rob Barker had been holding forth on these family circumstances, which he had gathered from indiscreet Harry, who had divulged more of the pinch in the do mestic economy than he meant to in his boyish talk of his own future help. "You've heard her sing?" Rob remarked questioningly at this assertion of his uncle. "Oh yes. I often leave my door open when I'm in the house to hear her. She really has a remarkable voice." And just as he spoke there floated up to them the wild sweet notes of an old German song which Mr. Hadley had listened to many a night upon the Rhine. He listened now, smoking his after-dinner pipe slowly and thoughtfully. When it was ended he knocked the ashes carefully out of the bowl of his meerschaum, and, laying it down upon the corner of the shelf, rose up and proposed to Rob that they should go down into the par lour and ask the young lady if she would be kind enough to let them listen to her singing under more advantageous circumstances. "I dare say she sings a great many of those old German ballads, and there's nothing I should like to hear so much." Rob was, of course, delighted. They found the little family circle complete. Mrs. Stanhope plying her needle by the drop-light, Ellen near her, going over some school com positions, and Harry putting his flute to gether preparatory to accompany Frank's playing. If Mrs. Stanhope was not .pleased at this interruption she did not show her dis pleasure, and certainly she could have had no reason to have found fault with Mr. Hadley's manner. He was quite absorbed in the evident memories called up by the songs to which he listened. And after the singing he drifted into a little talk of German life; especially the musical life; and, as lie had known many of the masters of the present day, this little talk was very entertaining. As he was bidding them good-night, with his cordial "thanks for Miss Stanhope's goodness," he smilingly, though quite in earnest, remarked, "It isn't exactly fair, Mrs. Stanhope, that your daughter should let only a few enjoy such a voice as hers. A church-choir would find her invaluable." Frank looked up eagerly. " But, Mr. Hadley, piy voice isn't trained at alL It knows as little of science as my fingers. I play and sing a great deal by ear, yon know, though I can pick out my notes when Hairy pushes me up with that re markable fiute of hisand she looked with one of her little grimaces at Harry. " You've heard so much good music, Miss Stanhope, that your voice is better trained than you imagine, and I think you would find no difficulty in a choir." This was a great word for Frank. "HI only could get a situation as soprano!" she exclaimed with inward exultation. "Where upon she fell to singing church- music with a wilL Morning, noon, and night, Mr. Hadley would hear that sweet voice ringing high and clear in anthem and chorale. One evening he brought home with him a church-organist —a real master of the great art. They sat talking together over their German ex periences, when all at once a note ascended to them which stayed the words upon the musician's lips. A full, soft, clarion-clear note, which caught up and carried on a flow of silver song so pure and sweet that even Mr. Hadley held his breath in a little surprise as he listened. As for his companion, he waited a moment as the voice ceased, and then, turning to his ho3t, asked the question which that gentleman was expecting to hear, " Who owns that nightingale, pray?" Mr. Hadley gave him the desired informa tion, and tlien they talked animatedly for the next fifteen infinites about this night ingale. And then Mr. Hadley went down to Mrs. Stanhope's door, and asked if he might be allowed to bring a friend of his into her parlour to hear Miss Stanhope sing, if that young lady would be so kind. And Frank unwittingly sang to one of the greatest critics of the day—sang, as she said, without much skill, but with all her heart and her soul, and one of the richest sweetest voices in the world. The strange gentleman, whose name they didn't hear, made but few comments, but his thanks were sincere, and his face a mirmr of delight as he listened. "Well, you were not disappointed were yon?" asked Mr. Hadley, as they once more sat alone together. "Disappointed? Ho! She has a splendid voice. The very soprano we want. I thank you for your suggestion." A few days following this Mr. Hadley was coming down from his rooms, when Mrs. Stanhope's parlour door was suddenly flung open, and Frank appeared upon the threshold. " Oh, Mr. Hadley, I want to thank you!" she said brightly. He smiled. " For what, Miss Stanhope?" " For my situation as soprano at Church. I know it was through your sug gestion that it came to me." "My friend hardly needed a suggestion, Miss Stanhope, when he heard your voice," returned Mr. Hadley. " But you did suggest it someway, Iknow, and I am very happy about it." Mr. Hadley smiled again. " That is very pleasant for me to hear, Miss Stanhope. It's a great thing to be very happy, and I'm very glad if I have been instrumental in tbe smallest way in bringing about such a desirable end." Frank laughed, there was such an in describable air of humour in this little speech and in the kind eyes that regarded her. " I dare say you think that expression very exaggerated, Mr. Hadley, but I am very happy about this situation." " l beg your pardon, Miss Stanhope, if I seemed to consider your expression exagge rated. Perhaps I did for a moment, be cause, as I say, it's a great thing to be very happy. But I see you are in earnest, and I see, too, that it is a very natural thing to be very happy over a situation like this." He was quite grave and earnest now, and so entirely simple that Frank, who was so simple herself, and at home with eveiybody, returned in honest confidence, "Of course, I can't help but be very happy, Mr. Hadley, to find myself all at once of so much help. Why, I am to have 5$(i00 a year, as much as Ellen gets for her daily school-teaching. And 1 have only to sing for it—just think of it!" and she made such wide bright eyes at this that Mr. Hadley couldn't help smiling again. She laughed again at his smile. " Oh, I dare say that seems a very small sum to you, Mr. Hadley, but if you had spent your usefulness until now in sweeping and dusting and bed-making for your board and clothes, and broken your heart several times looking in at the shop windows, I dare say it would seem a small fortune to you." "I dare say it would, Miss Stanhope," he answered heartily, and laughing outright. " Breaking her heart at the shop windows —the child! I dare say she has," Mr. Hadley thought, with a feeling made up of sympathy and amusement, as he went out. Frank had said truly of herself when she detfared that she was very happy abont this situation. She was very happy to be of use, j to help herself, and to have the means of ' musical culture. She went about the honse singing her scales, or flinging her voice out in soBte great rolling anthem day^fter day, and Mr. Hadley used to tear tthe clear notes breaking into his morning dnmbers, or float* ing out over the housetops like a lark's song as spring came and her attic window was opened to the early sunshine. 'Quite frequently now,^fcoo, he used to find Ins way to Mrs. Stanhope's parlour wheuthe sweet voice was' singmg. Frank was so absorbed in her music at this time, and, in deed, the interest between them was so en tirely musical, that Mrs. Stanhope forgot her uneasiness and watchfulness for a while. But if Mr. Hadley was interested in the music, he was by no means unconscious that Miss Stanhope was a very pretty and charm ing girL She certainly did amuse him very much, and this fact would have filled Mrs. Stanhope with dismay if she had suspected it, for it was the very phrase she always applied to her old friends the Traceys. They amused people, and that was alL But Frank went on her heedless happy way, giving little thought where she amused, but amusing her self vastly. She had. made the most of her opportunities and advantages, and risen so speedily into favour that in the early weeks of spring' she was engaged to assist at a very recherche private concert. "I am to sing in 'Miriam's Song of Triumph,'" she said to Mr. Hadley, with that peculiar wide bright-eyed pleasure in her expression. "Don't you feel a little nervous about it?" he asked curiously. " No, I hadn't; but do you think I ought?" she enquired archly. "Not by any means!" he replied laugh ing. "Why should I feel nervous?" she said more gravely; "the director says 1 have learned my part perfectly, and when I once get to singing I shall forget all the people around me, I always do." If Mrs. Stanhope had glanced up from her work just then she would have seen an un mistakable look of thoughtful admiration on Mr. Hadley's face. But she did not lift her eyes from her darning, and Frank veered off from her gravity into her amusing vein. " No, I'm not nervous about the singing, but I am very nervous about my dress. I wanted a new pink silk, but mother said it was too showy for- me, so I am coming out in an old blue erSpe which was mother's, and I shall look like the ghost in Hamlet with my white lace and silver ornaments." She laughed, but Mr. Hadley could see that she was a good deal in earnest; but he had tact enough to conceal both amusement and interest as he noticed her mother's re proving face, and caught the admonitory,. "Don't, Frank!" But his artistic sense sympathised with her. Blue did not suit her white bat not fair skin, her warm hazel eyes and chestnut hair. Pink would have made her dazzling. " Poor little girl!" he thought; " so the domestic economy will not yield a pink silk, even with the added $600 a year. Something ought to he done for her." And something was done. " I told you I should look like the ghost," she said to her mother as she came down stairs into the parlour the night of the con cert. Mrs. Stanhope -was not qnite satisfied her self. "You might have my coral ornaments," she remarked, doubtfully. " Oh no! that opaque red against this blue would be dreadful!" There came a knock at the door. Mrs. Stanhope said " Come in," and Mr. Hadley entered with bis hands full of the most beautiful roses—hot-house roses, pink, and pearly, and perfumed. He had timed it well. "This is to exorcise the ghost, Miss Stan hope. There's nothing prettier, you know, than this deep blush pink with that light blue. Isn't it what you call Pompadour?" " Oh, Mr. Hadley, you're like the Fairy Godmother! They are just the thing, and 1 thank you a thousand times." And, turning to the glass, with quick, deft fingers,, she very soon metamorphosed herself into a glowing "phantom of delight"truly. "Oh, how it does change all that pallid moonshine, doesn't it?" she exclaimed. "It's marvellous what effect the pink has on the blue! Isn't it lovely?" and she turned herself and her roses fall upon him, with the innocent, one thoughted question. "Very lovely!" he answered,-with more significance in glance and tone than he quite meant to show. The least little blush crept up into Frank's cheeks, and, matching her roses, made her lovelier than ever. Of course Mrs. Stanhope was~anything but pleased at this little by-play. ' At once all her old fears sprang up and beset ber with anxious' thoughts; and that old story of the Traceys began to haunt her like , a warning ghost. And that evening, when she saw Mr. Hadley about a dozen seats^from her, talking gaily and animatedly to a party of aristocratic looking girls, her mind reverted to Morris Ryder and the Stanleys. He belonged to the same world that they had belonged to; was wealthy, as they had been; and be would, probably, when he came to marry, choose a wife from his own peculiar circle, as they had chosen. If he was pleased with Frank's bright face and natural ways, if he was interested in her music, and enjoyed her singing, it was much in the same manner that he was interested in a little German artiste of whom he spoke "as an admirable young woman, who deserved encouragement." Thus Mrs. Stanhope argued; with how much reason we shall see. And while she was vexing her soul with these anxieties and suspicions Frank was pursuing her course, untroubled by any anxieties or suspicions. Miriam's Song of Triumph was verily a song of triumph for herself. And Mrs. Stanhope, seeing how happily occupied she was with her musical life, took a little comfort there by, and made no sign of her inward disquiet, though Mr. Hadley was by no means an in frequent visitor by this time. The bond of their mutual love of music was very favour able to acquaintance, and certainly this acquaintance did progress rapidly, and the conversation between the two was by no means confined to one topic on the occasions of their interviews. "Frank," began Mrs. Stanhope one day, in some trepidation lest she was making a mistake in speaking at all, "Frank, do you think it quite wise to talk so much with Mr. Hadley, on all sorts of topics, in that inti mate way?" Frank opened her eyes very wide. "For pity's sake, mother, what do you mean by that 4 intimate way ?' " " Why, my dear, I only mean that natural way of yours. You stre not fast or free, but you are so at home with everybody that some persons might misunderstand it." " Mother, Mr. Hadley has too much sense to misunderstand me; and no man, unless he was a fool, could think I meant to make any more of our acquaintance than is appa rent on the surface." This was delivered with Frank's most vehement emphasis, and with a scarlet flush on her cheek. Mrs. Stanhope wisely forbore further remark on such a delicate subject, and so the days went on, and brought another day, when there was to be a great musical festival. Mr. Hadley, going up to his room one afternoon, picked up a long, fluttering scrap of pink silk, that floated down from an upper stairway. He smiled, and thought to himself, " So the pink silk is achieved." Entering his parlour, he went straight to a Japanese cabinet, where he kept choice gatherings from his European tour, and, un locking it, brought forth from a little inner drawer a collection of cameos. From these he selected three, of a delicate pearly pink— those loveliest and rarest of the cameo variety—and laying them upon the strip of silk contemplated the effect with evident satisfaction. The cameos were witlfout setting of any kind at this time—just the beautiful pink-white shell, cut by a most skilful hand. By the time the pink silk was completed these three cameos were shining resplendent in settings, so cleverly imitating the antique, that one would have Erenounced them a heir-loom. Frank and er mother, sitting together in the parlour after tea one day, were not surprised to see Mr. Hadley make his appearance. He had quite got into the way of dropping in after tea. "See how well I can match the pink silk," he began, smiling. Frank looked up mystified; but he came nearer, and spreading out the scrap of pink silk upon her work-basket, laid upon it the choice pink cameos in their antique settings. Frank's first exclamation was of delight as the effect struck her. Then that second sense crept on, and she glanced involuntarily at her mother. Mrs. Stanhope's face was overclouded by a very grave look. " They are some of the thousand and one things I collected abroad, Mrs. Stanhope," Mr. Hadley remarked here, easily; " and when 1 picked up that scrap of silk the other day I thought the best use they could be put to would be to be worn as a match for that. They have been knocking about so much I see they are a little scratched; but if Miss Stanhope will wear them she will be more than welcome to them, for I am too heedless a fellow to like the care of such things." He had been very diplomatic in his care less ease ; but Mrs. Stanhope, who had lived her day, knew what a costly gift this was. She thought her answer would convey all she wished him to understand. "You are very kind, Mr. Hadley," she said; "but, under the circumstances, I had rather Frank wouldn't receive so expensive a gift-" There was a. grain of impulse in Robert Hadley's composition, which years and expe rience and a strong will had not quite over come. It now and then betrayed him into swift speech. So now, in his surprise, or perhaps irritation, he exclaimed quickly, " What circumstances?" Brought to bay so directly, she thought so coolly, Mrs. Stanhope was a little indignant, and she answered therefore rather sharply and to the point. "You are comparatively a stranger to us, Mr. Hadley, and, at the most, our relation is but a business one—at least it began so; and though you have been velry kind and friendly to us, yet an acquaintance like this is diffe rent, and one feels differently about it than one commenced through intimate friends." " Oh, that's it, is it? I thought a friend was a friend under whatever circumstances you found him. But as you don't hold the same opinion, Mrs. Stanhope, I ought to beg your pardon for a great many liberties Fve taken in the way of coming into your parlour uninvited, for, according to your view, I'm only a business acquaintance. Mrs. Stanhope, you're too bad J" Mr. Hadley had begun this speech in rather a nettled tone and manner, but at the last he wound up suddenly with a quick, good-natured laugh that disarmed his listener more than anything else. She laughed in return, and retorted, "I think you are too bad, Mr. Hadley, to wilfully refuse to understand me." "But, you see, I'm not up to it, Mrs. Stanhope. Fve lived abroad so long, these American delicacies and hair-line distinctions are beyond me." Mrs. Stanhope didn't believe a word of this; hut it was useless to get into further discussion, so made no reply. " And you won't consider me a friend, and let that little girl take these trinkets then ?" he asked, presently, under his new veil of humour. " I had rather she did not, Mr. Hadley." Mr. Hadley bent forward with a vexed look, and gathering the cameos together crashed them recklessly into his pocket. "Yon have made me feel like a great blundering boy, Mrs. Stanhope?" he said, out of the quick, impulsive mood she had invoked. His action was certainly boyish in a certain sense, but just as certainly not blundering or j awkward. As he said this, and rose from his chair, there was such a grace and charm about him that Mrs. Stanhope felt that he was more than a match for her caution and watchfulness. She felt it still more as the days went by and he made his "blunder," as he called it, a ground for still closer acquaintance; for everybody knows that a laugh or a joke will break down more barriers and build up more edifices of friend liness than weeks of serious conversation. He was constantly alluding, when he met them, to the extent and quality of their ac quaintance, as understood by Mrs. Stanhope, and this in so gay and witty a manner that one could scarcely find fault with it. Frank grew easier than ever with him on this ground, for it suited her bright, audacious spirit. But Mrs. Stanhope was sorely per plexed. How would all this end? she per petually asked herself. In vain she tried to sound the extent of Frank's interest in this fascinating but most troublesome lodger. That young lady was either untouched, or carrying a high hand , with her pride. She was quite capable of breaking her heart with laughing lips. That kind of nature always goes with her quality of high spirits. In the meantime let it not be supposed that Miss Stanhope lacked attention or appreciation in other quarters. There was a young bookkeeper in the firm of Alroyd and Dace whom her uncle and her mother specially favoured. " He's a very promising fellow. I shouldn't be surprised if we made Turn one of us next year," commented Uncle Tom, with significance. Then there were sundry others—young men ' in responsible positions, or just entering business for them selves, who were very evident admirers of this sparkling, bright-faced Frank. Mrs. Stanhope, coming in one evening from a lecture, found one of these admirers wearing a very rueful face, and her daughter looking a good deal confused and annoyed, like a wise woman she asked no questions ; but she was none the les3 certain that she had just lost a very worthy son-in-law. And with some irrelevance, but a great deal of impatience she said to herself, " And it's all the fault of that Mr. Hadley. In love with him or not, Frank is getting spoiled for any body else in seeing so much of him." In this sentence Mrs. Stanhope fairly acknowledged the superiority, or at least the fascination of Mr. Hadley. But this acknow ledgment was simply of externals and the accidents of position. Of the internal man she had no more or less respect than for any other mam of the world. He was shrewd as they were; he was sensible as they were ; he was generous as they were; he was selfish and fond of his ease as they were. This was the way she classed him—by generali ties. And while she thus perplexed herself Frank and Mr. Hadley got on very pleasantly together. She sang for him, laughed and talked with him, and even got so far as to make her funny little grimaces at him upon occasions. But there was coming a change to all this. A series of small incidents, not very weighty in themselves one would think, brought this change about. It was the first day of June, and Frank was putting the finishing touches to her toilet down stairs in her mother's parlour. She wore a white tarletan, for she was to sing at a morning concert. A white tarletan, with some puffings of illusion crusting it like loam. As sue stood Uetore tne glass, lasten ing a knot of heath in her hair, she saw Mr. Hadley ascending the stairs. "You are like a lily in all that white stuff," he said, coming forward into the room. " I'd rather be a rose—it suits me better ; but Harry forgot io go for my roses, so I pulled this heath out of a bouquet I had," she answered, absently, as she tried to get the heath into order. "What time are you to be at the hall?" he asked, leaning against the piano in an idle leisurely manner, as if time and its hurries were nothing to him. " In about half-an-hour, if I ever get this rubbishy heath in." And as she ejaculated this, in her little impatient way, she tore the rebellious spray out of its fastening and brought down with it two or three fluffy cnrls she had taken great pains with. Her cheeks flushed, and quick as her quick thought she flung the offending heath-spray impetuously upon the floor with a childish " There!" "Mrs. Stanhope said, reprovingly, "Why, Frank !" But Mr. Hadley laughed, giving his head a certain backward movement that denoted with him great amusement, and then leisurely walked out of the room. The half-hour had not quite elapsed when he came back to And Frank tying on her white cloak, and still looking rather dis turbed. " I've got your roses;" he said, smilingly, uncovering a broad deep basket where such treasures of rose-wealth lay, in hues of pink and white and blush, as to call out Frank's wildest admiration and most impulsive ex- i pressions. ! " They are perfectly exquisite, perfectly; and you are just as kind as yon can be to get them for me at this eleventh hour, Mr. Hadley." j Then she ran to the glass again, and in a j happy excitement, which was an inspiration, showered herself with these June-darlings. j Turning to him again when all was com- | pleted, she put out her hand, and said in yet : more earnest gratitude, j "They are splendid, Mr. Hadley," and ' then, with a little wilful, ,half- laughing glance at her mother, which he did not lose, " and you are splendid to bring them to me, and I thank you with all my heart." He joined her laugh, but his eyes lighted with some inward fire as he looked upon her. And as he took the little gloveless hand she had put out to him in her impulse of thanks, he repeated in a soft tone as he regarded her rose- crowned loveliness, Queen rose of the rose-bud. Garden of girls, Queen lily and rose in one.1" In this moment he seemed to have for gotten the presence of Mrs. Stanhope; but the next instant her voice recalled him, and with a sudden colour in his cheeks he relin quished the little hand and resumed his ordi nary manner. But in a few minutes more the carriage was announced, and quite as a matter of course he attended her to it; but Mrs. Stanhope, who was standing at the window, saw him bend forward and say something in a low voice as he closed the carriage-door, which something sent the colour of all her roses into Frank's cheeks. In the midst of Mrs. Stanhope's perplexity a new thought pierced like a ray of light. "What if, after all"—she said aloud, turning from the window. . And then she fell into silent musing as she watched Mr. Had ley down the street. But the next two incidents put out this new light, and brought on a violent change in the programme. Rob Barker was leaning over the piano, listening and looking devoutly as Frank sang for him. She sang a soft ballad she had sung in the morning, and the scent of the roses— Mr. Hadley's roses—hung round her still. Mr. Hadley himself, at a little distance, leaned hack in his chair and observed the two—the singer and her devout listener with keen attention, and over her busy\ knitting-needles Mrs. Stanhope observedMr. Hadley. Young Robert had come to a climax of his admiration that morning. All that white tarletan and illusion and roses and the sweet voice singing out of it, had been too much for him. As the sweet voice ceased now he began pouring out his thanks in rather glow ing words. Si the midst of these words Mr. Hadley's voice struck in like a chill, " Rob, who was that I saw you with this morning?" Rob looked exceedingly annoyed as be an swered, "Miss Leyton, Sir." . Mr. Hadley seemed to be very much, in terested all at once. " "What, little Katy Leyton," he went on, " grown up into that pretty girl? Yes, I re member, she's near your age—eighteen or thereabouts. A pretty girl, a very pretty girl! But her mother was a great beauty and a famous belle; one of a famous family, of which old Roy St. Clair was the chief and head." Frank had turned from the piano by this time. She had not her mother's morbid sehse, and it must be allowed that Mrs. Stan hope's over-sensitiveness amounted to mor bidness sometimes. And, not having this sense, she did not perceive the motive that her mother did in Mr. Hadley's words. In deed, she perceived no motive at all. But to Mrs. Stanhope this motive was patent. It was keen displeasure at his nephew's evident subjugation to Miss Stan hope's charms. A displeasure which found vent and carried warning and reproof in the contrast of suitability in Katy Leyton's youth and high, family. Mrs. Stanhope rode her high horse at this crisis. " It's the old story of the Tiaceys over again," she said to herself. " Frank is a pretty interesting girl like that Miss Schaffner, the German artiste, but not to be thought of as an alliance with Mr. Hadley's nephew or Mr. Hadley him self." And back her mind went, gathering all the old items to add to this evidence. Many a remark or an action she might other wise have forgotten now came up and assumed gigantic importance. She was the more disturbed by all this when she recalled the roses that had lately bloomed in Frank's cheeks on more than one occasion when Mr. Hadley was present. " What shall I do?" she cried mentally, as she reviewed her trouble that night. The next day, when Harry came home with the great news that he had got his situation in the firm of Slido & Sayles, with a salary of $1,500 a year, she straightway saw what she would do. She would give up her lodgers. With the united salaries of the three and the income of her $5,000 they could do nicely. "Jubilate!" sbouted Harry wben bis mother proposed her plan. He felt very happy and very grand that he had helped to this. Even Ellen's calm quiet eyes took a new light. " And we shall have the old par lours again, and the south and west rooms!" she remarked brightly. " And not be mewed up in back chambers and attics any more!" broke in Harry. Frank was sitting at the piano wben the conversation opened, touching the chords of an old chant. She did not whirl about in her usual quick fashion when she was interested or startled. She played through several bars, and then turned slowly with the words— " Have you told the lodgers?" "All but Mr. Hadley," ber mother an swered, looking up involuntarily to see the effect of her words. But Frank's face betrayed nothing if she felt anything. She said little it was true, but Harry's voice was so industrious there was small chance for any other. And while he talked she turned to the piano, and com menced playing again. And as she played Mr. Hadley came in, and Mrs. Stanhope dis closed her new arrangement to him at once. For a moment he looked grave and thought ful, then be spoke pleasantly and kindly, congratulating them on that to which they evidently looked forward as a desirable change. And then he laughed, and took rather a jocose tone upon his own special in terestin the matter, declaring that Mrs. Stan hope was turning him adrift in the most hard hearted manner. And through it all the music of that old chant went wailing. Frank never turned from where she sat but for a nod of greeting and good-night, and bis stay was very brief that evening. But as he sat in bis room quite late smok ing, be beard the weird and solemn music of chant and chorale played isoftly and fitfully. Long after it ceased and bis pipe was out, he still sat by the open window in the June twilight lost in thought. It was in the middle" of the forenoon on the next day that Frank stood in Mr. Had ley's room dusting the elaborate carving of the old-fashioned mirror- frame. Working 1 and singing away, she heard no sound, but was suddenly startled by Mr. Hadley's reflectipn in the mirror, as be crossed the threshold. He was in her thoughts, but she supposed him out of the house. The colour rushed into her cheeks, and she put her hand to her head to pull off the white handker chief with which she had covered her hair from the dust. " Wait a minute," he remonstrated. " You look like a quaint French peasant- girl that way." She made a little grimace, spite of her em barrassment, and said, saucily— "I had rather look like Miss Stanhope, any day. I've seen those great Normandy caps stuck on the French nurses' heads at Newport, and I think they are anythii^ but pretty." Whereupon she removed the hand kerchief, and smoothed her ruffled hair with the prettiest of slim little hands. " Yes,"hereturned, smiling, "Ithinkllike Miss Stanhope better." .Then his eyes wan dered to the mirror and back again to rest upon the slim little hands. " So," he "these are the hands that have kept my shabby old mirror so bright and shining. I fancy a good deal about here is the brighter for your presence. But what am I to do if I am to lose it?" As he proposed this sudden question he bent upon her a look so fall of meaning that the colour sprang redly to her cheek again. There was a pause, in which one heart was certainly beating very rapidly; then he moved nearer to her, and in another, a graver tone asked— "Frank, what is it your mother has against me?" It was the first time he had ever called her Frank. This, and the rest of bin sentence, surprised her out of her embarrassment. "Against you!" she exclaimed. ""What can you be thinking of? Iam snre she has nothing against you." "Yes, she. has. I have noticed it on various occasions. On our first interview, I remember, she did not look upon me with favourable eyes by any means." A dimple in Frank's left cheek began to discover itself, and the next minnte made a little well of frolic, as she burst into a laugh. She remembered that first interview too. "Well," exclaimed Mr. Hadley, joining in her laugh, "so I recollect also you laughed. in my face at that first interview. Now, I insist on knowing what it all means." " It doesn't mean that my mother has any thing against you individually, Mr. Hadley, I assure you." '' Oh, it's collectively then; that's mora encouraging." Frank did not mean to tell the story of her mother's peculiar prejudice, but a little ban tering, a few adroit questions, and the whole matter was very clear to Mr. Hadley'e mental vision; clearer, perhaps, than te Frank herself. " Frank," he began, after this, " have you anything against me, collectively or indivi dually?" She laughed, then answered, half-shyly— " No—nothing." "You do not object to my years, then? You do not disapprove of me for an inmate of your bouse because I am too young a man? Frank, how is it; am I too old a man for you to become an inmate of my house? There's an old place down by Brelton Beach that bears my name. I went and put it in order the other day, and my housekeeper asked me when I was going to bring my wife there. I couldn't tell her then, and I cannot tell her now, or ever, Frank, unless you will be my wife, for I will have no other." His voice deepened into the most tender gravity as he uttered these last words. There was anxiety there, too, for "beyond a blush this proud little Frank, true daughter of her mother, had given no sign of her heart. But now all this was changed ; and as she turned and let her eyes meet his, and as she put those slim little hands into bi« hands, he knew that he had no further cause for anxiety, for he knew that even as he loved her she had loved, him. He took her in his arms then and kissed her; but a little later, bending her head back, he looked inte those eloquent eyes, and said, half-repror ingly, half-sznilingly— " You proud little thing, to never give me any sign before." She laughed, and quoted— " 'He either fears his fate too much. Or his desert's too small, Who dares uot put it to the touch. And win or lose it alL'" And later yet, when he had his talk with Mrs. Stanhope, he said to that lady— " I think you must all have been blind, Mrs. Stanhope, not to have seen from the first that my interest was of the deepest nature. But you were bound, you know, by your prejudice," he added, mischievously, "to believe that I was the wolf in the sheep's clothing." Mrs. Stanhope replied to this by speaking more at length on the whys and the where fores of her "prejudice" than she had ever spoken before, except to her sister Alroyd. He respected and understood her motive# better than she had hoped. "I see, I see," he answered, seriously; "and I think you are nearer right than wrong after all, Mrs. Stanhope. If all mothers were so delicate and careful of their daughters it would give a much finer tone to sociely." Then he returned to his mis chievous gaiety again. ''But you are right only collectively, Mrs. Stanhope. Individu ally you have proved yourself wrong—and a little morbid, too, or you would have seen, what must have been so patent. Why, bless my soul, I believe I was even a little jealous of that boy Robert at one time." Mrs. Stanhope smiled as she recalled her different interpretation of his feeling about " that boy Robert." And, smiling, she said to herself, " 1 believe we were all blind in this matter." All blind perhaps but one. Cool and quiet and apparently unobserving Ellen only evinced no surprise when it was told her that Mr. Hadley was to be her brother-in law. " I knew it was coming to that," she said, smilingly; " I saw it from the first." Mr. Alroyd, who always had to have his say, declared coolly that he had seen it from the first, too; but Frank, making one of her drollest grimaces, asked him why then he had been so anxious for her to smile upon that remarkable young bookkeeper of his. And Unele Alroyd, who never liked to be put in the wrong in any way, could only shrug bis shoulders at this, and declare that Frank was entirely too hasty in her conclu sions. 