MISCELLANEOUS. In courting, three hard squeezes are better than fifty words. Try it. Why is dancing like new milk?—Because it makes you look warm (luke-warm) and because it strengthens the calves. Wind up your conduct like a watch every day, examining minutely whether you are " fast" or " slow." An old gentleman being asked what he wished "for dinner, replied^ " An appetite/ good company, something to eat, and a clean napkin.'' v Compliments are the coin th$t people pay a man to his face ; sarcasms are what they pay him out with.behind his back. Why is a young lady before ntarriage never right F—Because she is all the time a-raips. Steelte said of a woman whom he admired, " To have loved her was a liberal education." A patent has been taken out in Boston for cleaning fisb, - by giving them snuff, when they sneeze their scales off. "How many deaths ?" asked the hospital physician.—" Nine."—te Why, I ordered medicine for ten.*'—" Yes, but one would not take it.'* It has been said that a chattering little soul in a large body iB like a swallow in a barn— the twitter takes up more room than the bird. • A Yankee editor says that he liked to die a larfin, to see a drinkia' chap tryin' to pocket the shadow of a swingin' sign for a pocket handkerchief. There is a good reason why a little man should never marry a bouncing _ widow. He might be called "the widow's mite.'' An impudent fellow says/"Show me all the dresses a woman has worn in the course of her life, and I will write her biography from . them." The higher an ass holds his head the plainer we can see his gars. Substance and shadow.—A fellow Went to the parish priest and told him, with a long lace, that he had seen a ghost. " When and where?"said the pastor, "Last night," replied the man, " I was passing by the churcb, and up against the wall of it did I behold the spectre.'1 "In what shape did it appear?" asked the. priest.*1 " It appeared in the shape of a great ass." "Go home and hold your tongue about it, yon are a very timid man, and have been frightened1 by your own shadow/' said the pastor. One foe the Poet —A correspondent sends us (Ottawa Times) some doggerel verses conceived in a very amorous mood,*as maybe seen from the following couplet—the only smooth lines in the lot:— ~ " Though in a foreign land I dwell, My heart with love for thee will swell/v and writes at their head. Poetry tor the Ottawa Times /" 3)he swelling we fear,is rather in "the head than the heart." The writer should try theeffect of a warm footbath and A dose of Mrs Winslow'a soothing syrup when he goes to hed o*nights. ■ Perhaps the " poetry" might.yield to this treatment, if Pirseverfd ip/ At all events he cannot find an eBeape fajr it through the columns of the Ottawa Times. . 