AN AFGHAN GHOST. (From The Night Wanderer in an Afghan Fort, in Blackwood's Magazine.) That evening, the last of my visit, I remained sleepless for many hours after throwing myself upon my bed. My mind was occupied in re- volving the strange occurrences of the two past nights. The more I reflected the more puzzled and mystified did I become. With the spectre apparition-for I had almost begun to look upon it as such I could in no way connect the bodily presence of the old Oozcer. For it was his visit to the ruined building adjacent of which I had been a silent witness, that had made me suspect he was in some way or other connected with the silent midnight watcher that had attracted my attention during the first night. But on the occurrence of the following night I could form no sort of conjecture whatever. It was preposterous to suppose that a man well stricken in years, as he was, could have attempted, much less succeeded, in making an exit from the window situated as mine was. And that the Thing, whatever it was, had made its egress from that window I felt convinced. Besides, what object could he have had in visiting thus stealthily, and by night, the chamber occupied by me The idea that he had come for the purpose and with the design of taking anything from me by stealth, I could not for a moment entertain. For, in the first place, there was nothing that I had that he would be likely to cover and in the second, such conduct on his part would have been a breach of those laws of hospitality which an Afghan, in his position, would be the last to hold in light esteem. Looking at the matter in every light that occurred to me, I was utterly unable to arrive at any satisfactory solution of that, which was in so bewildering a degree, puzzling and mystifying me. And thinking over, in its minutest details, all that I had seen, I began, as the silent hours of night went by, to entertain a a sort of dread presentiment that I was destined again to witness something on this, the last night of my stay, that would startle and appal me. Such a fixed idea in my brain did this become that it finally brought a sort of fascination with it-a feeling of dreadjexpoct fancy that quite banished all desire and inclina- tion for sleep. I was now determined that I would keep awake throughout the night, in order that if by chance anything should approach I would, being on the alert, in all probability be able to form some sort of conjecture as to its nature and design. Restless and disturbed in consequence of the feeling that had gradually come over me, I could remain no longer in my bed. I therefore arose and seated myself in observa- tion behind the window that looked into the terrace, I could see into it as far as the darkness of the night permitted. And I could also see the window which, if my visitor of the night previous did not partake of a supernatural or ghostly character, must, I concluded, i have means of access to it of which I was entirely ignorant. From the position of the constellation of Orion I judged that it was close upon midnight when I took my seat by the window. The moon had not yet risen, so that the terrace beneath was in pitchy darkness, save in one spot. Here the remains of a fire which the servants had built up with sticks and straw under the wall still glowed and flickered as every now and then a breath of the night wind blows it into life. I had not been in my post of observation long when a large rat scampered up to within the space lighted by the embers. He approached them cautiously, and when apparently satisfied, after solemn scrutiny, that there was no immediate danger to be apprehended, he commenced i to eat voraciously the crumbs add relics that remained on the ground from the evening meal. ' These disposed of ho concentrated an attack of tooth and claws upon a half-burnt candle that had been left by the servants. I was watching his every movement with intense interest when the surrounding stillness was scattered by a sudden noise. It seemed to come from the other side of the wall of the terrace, and was as that of a person on the move, but of one who rather ran than walked for it was no measured tread, in that the football was not distinguishable. The sounds ceased, and then all was again still. It was no more fancy my having heard the sounds, for I observed that the rat suddenly ceased his nibbling and stared at the wall, as if he expected that it was about to open and something emerge from it. The sounds from the farther side ceasing, my friend the rat commenced at the candle again, as if assured by the silence which had ensued that there was no immediate danger to be apprehended. But the silence was not of long duration, for after a few minutes it was broken by the noise as if of some heavy body dropping into the terrace, and upon my side of the wall. Of this, from the sound, there was not the least doubt. Then followed the noise of the shuffling quick movements that I had heard before. That something was approaching was evident. For the rat jerked his head in the direction of the noise, sharply whisked his tail in the other, and then incontinently vanished. I peered into the darkness, endeavouring in vain to discern what it was that was moving on the terrace. But nothing was visible for a few seconds. Then, as the sounds approached the fire, I saw gliding forth from the gloom into the light a tall, draped, and phantom-shaped thing. It resembled in such a startling manner that which had almost pictured itself in my imagination as the thing that I was destined to see, that I felt appalled and horror-struck, thinking that the figure was nothing more nor less than a " sheeted ghost." I thought I would hail it, but my tongue cleave to my mouth, and I felt utterly unable to speak or move. As it approached the embers a tongue of flame leapt upwards from the outlying fragments of stick and straw, and, flickering for a moment in the night breeze, throw a sudden gloom around. Noticing this, it was with a shuddering recollection I remembered the lone creature from the wood, in Coleridge's " Christa bel," at whose word presence the dying embers in the old ancestral hall burst into flame, and the dogs howled as in abject dread. An index scribable horror of the mysterious apparition that was now within a few feet of where I was concealed, crept over me. Yet, feeling this horror with the greatest intensity, I had no inclination to take my eye away from the dreaded object, for now its every movement had a strange fascination for me. What was my astonishment to see it, as it approached the fire, stoop down and put forth a long, loan, nervous hand to clutch the candle This was held over the embers, and then above them, and, lighted by their glow, I saw what looked to me like the pale dis- tended cheeks of a human face distended with the act of blowing. The candle suddenly flared into flame, and I then saw but, gracious heavens I how shall my poor pen convey an idea of the strange being that was now seating itself by the fire. The face, illumined by the fitful glare of the candle, was evidently that of a woman but the features were so sharply defined, there were such strange hard times about the mouth and brow, that there was nothing soft or womanly in its expression. And then there was a look in the eyes which was terrible large, prominent, and reflecting the glow of the embers, they seemed to be lit by the fire that you see in those of a wild animal. They rolled incessantly in their sockets, except when every now and then the strange creature, apparently listening attentively, turned them with a fixed stare full upon the window behind which I was ensconced, as if she were trying to pierce the gloom of the chamber. Then, as the brows contracted, and as the white of the eyes grew painfully visible there was something dreadful labor aspect. It was a frenzied concentration of baffled have, revenge, and despair and as I looked upon the ghastly paleness of the face, relieved by the black mass of dishevelled hair falling on one shoulder, it see mod as if a portrait as terrible as that of Leonardo da Vinci's "Medusa" had framed itself in the immeasurable gloom of night in front of me. As she seated herself by the fire, the loose white drapery which had enveloped her person had fallen not ungratefully around her. Her arms stretched out towards the heat of the embers, were long and sinewy, and the muscles resembled, in their hard wiry look, more those of one of the species of the large quadrupeds than those of a human being. Looking at them and her little quick movements, it was evident that she was possessed of amazing agility and physical strength. My eye took in those details patiently enough when once, after the first momentary glance, I had assured myself that this nightly visitor of mine was a human being, and not some phantom from another world. But her strange and at times incoherent -gestures, and the wild, restless look in her eyes, had convinced me that she was a maniac. The melancholy state of the poor creature's mind was only too clearly and too painfully manifest. As from her attentive listening, with head bent in the direction of my room, I was sure that she did not wish to attract my attention, or be soon by me, I remained perfectly still. She had remained some minutes seated, when the candle, which she had fixed cleverly enough on end upon the terrace, seemed to rivet her attention. She was evidently pleased at the light that it gave, a , . M ' I.' ' ^^mÊ^^^^^^^1^^^^ for a satisfied look passed across her features as she watched the flame bend hither and thither in the night wind. Suddenly she rose and sped swiftly away to the door that led into the terrace. I at first fancied that she was gone, for I heard her uncle the fastenings of the door on the inside. But this was no sooner done than she made good her way to the spot where my baggage had been placed. She turned over several of the articles, and then came back to the fire with swiftly stealthy tread. I observed that she had brought with her three candles-the last in my possession and lighting these, she appeared to have filled the measure of her contentment. A low satisfied laugh came from her half-closed lips, the evil expression of her features vanished, and there came upon them a gleam of forlorn beauty. Now that I could see her well, and in this mood, her likeness to Firamoorz struck me forcibly the same handsome cast of features, and the same bold fearless look that his features bore at all times. She amused herself in childishly lighting and relighting the candles, and then secreting them one and all about her person, she rose as suddenly as she had done before. She stayed a second or two listening attentively whether anything was moving in my chamber, and then, apparently satisfied, she flitted away in the direction of the door at the foot of the old ruined building. As I listened to her receding steps, as she strode through the deserted, ruined passages, I heard the piercing shrieking wail which I now knew only too well. I now knew it to be her voice, the voice of this poor night wandering maniac, and not the cry of the owl that thus rent the still midnight air. * * * It was while riding down the gorge with Firamoorz-for he only attended by a few of his retainers, had accompanied me that I determined to broach the subject that was on my mind. * * * As it turned out, an opportunity happened sooner than I had expected; for, in the course of conversation, he, in his usual brusque way, asked me how I had slept during the three nights that I had been his father's guest. I related to him how I had been disturbed, and also what I had seen. I observed that in the course of my relation of the matter he was anxious, before answering any of my queries, to inform himself of all that I had been a witness of. Once' informed by me to the full extent on this, he seemed to wish to have nothing further to conceal from me, and answered all my questions in his usual frank manner. Indeed he did more, for he recounted to me the history of the poor creature whose wanderings by night had caused her to be seen by me. She was his only sister, but older than himself by several years. Her first husband, a cousin and her playmate in childhood, and to whom she was fondly attached, had been killed while yet a youth, and only a few months after their betrothal, in a form with a rebellious tribe on the frontiers of Persia. She was then given in marriage by her father to the Career. It was shortly subsequent to this marriage that her reason became impaired. And though Firamoorz did not assign any cause for this, I inferred from the few words that he said on this particular part of her history that it had been owing, in a great measure, to the Oozeer's cruel treatment of her. His extreme jealousy, and his cruel savage disposition, which I had observed stamped with an unmistakeable expression upon his features, had induced him to adopt measures for her confine- ment and seclusion more stringent than those allowed and sanctioned by Mahommedan law even to the lord of the harem. She was maintained in so strict a solitude by him, that not even one of her own sex was ever allowed to approach her. But as time grew on, her reason began to fail her and then she would brook no confinement or imprisonment at his hands. She had made her escape from every place that the ingenuity of the Career had provided for her seclusion. At last, but reluctantly, he gave it up in despair as a hopeless task. For the last few years she had been allowed perfect liberty of action but having once exerted the whole force of her shaken reason in devising means of escape, and having invariably succeeded, her pleasure and custom now was to scale the lofty walls of the keep, and to make her way over its ruined and crumbling battle merits by paths where no human foot dared follow her. She was never to be seen by daylight ; hereafter dusk she was always on the move, and her wild shrieking wall would be wafted through the still air of night from the dizzy heights of the keep, deemed inaccessible by the streams on guard, who listened in awe to her piercing cries. They had invested her with (supernatural powers, and never dared look at her if she passed near their best. 