Dickens's latest Story, ?»,;,' Bx CnkTOxt DioKBSs AND WILHB COLLIS s. -. .aH»Q TUS EXT SA ODRIITUiS HUBBES. OF AIL TUB TBA* '. » BOUND, THC CTEBIDBS. : T>ay ot tho month and year, Novombortho thirtioth,' ' ¿one thousand eight hundred and thirty-five. London. Timo by tho groat clock of. St. Paul's, ten ot night,' 'AU tho lesser London ohnrohes strain-their metallic ithroatsv--Some, flippantly begin before the heavy bell1 of tho great cathedral ; some, tardily begin three, four, hslf-a- dcten, atrokos behind it; all ara ia sufficiently "near'acoord to loavo a resonanoe' in th« air,' a» If tho! Iwingod father who'.devours his children, had. made a Bounding swoop with his gigantlo soythe in flying over! tho city. ! What is this olook lower than most of tho .rest, and Xtoircr to tho ear, that lags so far behind te-night' ?as to strike into tho vibration alone? This is the clock' of tho Hospital for Foundling Children. . '-Time-was; ^ vrhon tho Foundlings trere reooived without question "in a eradlo ot tho gato. Time is, when inquiries aro "'añado respecting thom, and they bro taken aa by favourj .from the mothers who' relinquish all natural knowledge \- of thom and claim to' them lor evermore. j ' ; Tho moon is at full, and tho night is fair with light c «loude. The day has been otherniea than fair, for «lush and mad, thickened with the droppings of heavy fog, lio blaok In tho stroets.' The veiled lady who Sut* "tera up and down near tho postern-gato of tlio Hospital ."?for Foundling Children his need to.bo well shod to :night. ?."..?-'.! ?>,?'.??> . ./She fluttors to and fro, avoiding tho-aland of hack »py.ooaohee, and often pausing in tho shadow of tho " wtatom end of tho great.quadrangle wall;wilh her foco " turned towards tho1 gale. ' -As BDOVO her there is tho ".. purity of the moonlit sky, and below her there aro the defilements of the pavemont, BO may she, haply, bo divided in hor mind botweon two vistas of rcfleotion- or " experience ? As ¿or footprints orossing and recrossing \- «no another have modo a labyrinth in the mire, so may liar track in Ufa hnvn involver! ítnnlf in nn InltinMn or,.! "' nnnvollable (anglo Î The postera-gato of ' tho, Hospital for Foundling ' Children opens, and a" young woman somoa out Tho ..lady stands aside, observes Closely, sees that the' gate is quietly elosod again from within, and follows ''..ino young woman, " Two or three streets have been traversed in silence T before sho, following olose bohind tho objeot of ber nt * ! tehtlon, strotobee out her hand and toUohcs her. Thon ' the young woman stops and looks round, startled. ' "'Ten touched me last night, and when I turned my ' lead, you would not speak. 'Why do you follow mo -'like a silent ghost ?" . ¡. '" ' ' V-' "., ' "It was not," returned the' lady, in a low voice, ... -"that 1 would not speak, but that I could not when 1 ?tried.",. ,. . . . r _ ?...[? ... .? - _ - ', "What do you want of me? ¡.I havo nover done you .'. any harm?" . / '"' "Nover." , '" ,y :''/ ? * ." . ? "Do I know youl", i '. "No." ' " ' . "Thea what eon you want of mo?" "Hero are two guineas in this paper. Take my . /.poor little present, and I will tell you.",. ;,j Into the young : woman's ;.face, whioh Is honest and comely, oomes a flush-ás she replies " Themis neither' grrwn person nor'ohild in all tho* largo cstab lisbmaot tbit I' bolonglo, who hain't a good word for \- Sally. I am Sally. Gould .1 be so well.thought of, if ' 1 waa to' bo bought J" - - . L " J do hot mean to buy you ; I moan only to reward T»u Very slightly.". ' ' Sally firmly, ' but not ungently, closes and puts baok tho offering hand. " If there is anything I can do for you, ma'am, that I will not do" for its own sake, you are much mistaken in mo if you think that 1 will do it for money. ' What is it you want?" " You oio ono of tho nurses or , attendants at tho ? - Hospital; I saw you lcavo to-night, and last," " Yoe, l'ara. I am Bally." "There'is o>ploaennt'patience in-your face whioh makes mo believe.tbat-very young ohildron would take readily to you."- * ? ^' "God bless'em I So they do." i The Indy lifts' her voil, and shows a faco no older than tho nurse's.: ' A' face far moro refined and' eapablo 1 than hers, but wild abd worn' with sorrow.' . ' "I am tho miserable mother of a baby latoly received .nedor your care. " I havo a prayer to make to you," \- Instinctively respcoting1 the confidonce which has diawn asido the veil. Bally-whoso ways oro all ways of simplicity and spontaneity-replaces it, and begins ' to cry. .-- -- -.«''. "You will liston to my'prayer t" tho, Indy urges. ? " You will not bo deaf to tho agonised entreaty of such a broken suppliant os I am ?" .'U dear, dear, dear 1" cries Sally. " What shall I say, or can I say f Don't talk of prayors. Prayers ara lo bo put up,to tho Good Father of All, and not to nursos and such. 'Andthorol lam only to hold my place for half a year ? longer, till another young wo* \- man can bo trained ' up to it. I am going to bo married, I should'nt havo been out lost night, ' and I shouldn't have boon ont to-night but that my. Sick (he is tho young man I am going to be married to) hos il), and I help his mothor and sistor to watch lim. Don't take on BO, don't toko on so I - ' ' " O good Bally, dear Sally," moans tho lady, catohine arther dressentreatingly,--" As you aro hopeful andi tun hopeless ; ns a fair way;in life ls before you, which, can novor, nover, bo boforo me ; as .'you can [ aspire to, becomo^a respected wife,'and as you can aspiro to 'be oomo a proud mothor; as yon aro a living loving wo- man, and must dio; for Goo's sako.hear my distraoted pititlonl" IM '..-,. ... - ? ,< ?'. ,, " Deary, doary, deary kn 17 eries Sally, her despera- tion culmindtlng in tho pronoun, " what am I over to dof And there 1 : Seo how you. turn my own words back opon me. .1 toll youl am going tobo married, on 'purpose; to make lt clearer to you that I am 1 going to leave, and. therefore couldn't holp you if I \- would, Poor Thing, and you make it scorn to my own soif as if I was oruel in going, to bo married ' and not helping you. It .ain't kind. ' Now, is lt kind, Poor Thing?" "Sally I Hear me, my door.' My entroaty Ie for holp in tho future, lt applies to what ¡a past. It is only to bo told in two words." ' " Thero l ' This is worse and worse," cries Sally, " supposing that I understand what two words you mean." « . ' . .' You ' do undorstand. What are tho names they havo given my poor baby ? I ask no more than that I havo road of the customs of tho place. Ha has boen ' christened in' tho chapel, and' registered by 'sómo sur.. iiamo in tho book. Hs was rocoivod lost Monday evening. What havo they called him ?'! Down upon her knees in tho foul mud of tho by-way into which they, have, stray od-an empty street with.' oat a thoroughfare giving on the dark gardens of tho \- - Hospital-tho lady woulf'drop In hor passionate on treaty, bot that Bally provonts her.'.. '.; ' , ' '; "Don'tI Don't! ïou mako'mo'fool as'if I waa, eottlng myself up to bo good. Xot me look In your, protty face again. Putyour two hands in mino. Now,! promise. , You wQl never ask ma any thing, moro than tho two Words V ..;<?.: ; ! , ^ ; *' Nevon Nover I" . " You will nov» put thom to o bad ufo, If I Bay tnomt" ? " >? ? '-:.!. "Neverl Noverl" " Wal tor Wilding 1" 1 " Tho lady lays her face upon the nurse's breast, draws' horclosoln her embraos with, both arms, mormura a . blessing and tho words, " Kiss him for mol" and is, ¿one. . Day of tho month and year, tho first Sunday in Oo* tober, ono thousand eight hundred and forty-sovon, london Time by tho groat olsok of Saint Pant's, half, past ono lu the' afternoon. The clock of the Hospital for Foundling Children, ls .well up with tho Cathedral ? ' to-day. ' Service in the oh'apol ls over, and tho Found« , ling ohildron aro at dinner, i ' . .' ' ? ?- . . Thora am liumorom lool(en-on nt th« dlonor, as tho «ustom'is. ' Thoré aro two or three governors, wholo families (rom the congregation, smeller' groups of \- «hrtb wxcs, individual-etroggloia-of various dogrooe. ? »he . bright'iaulumijoliiua ?: ettlkei' freshly into . Ahe wards) «nd ' tho ;, hoavy-framod {windows through whiob it shlnee, and the panelled walls on which-lt »liikes, aro auch windows nod flush walls as .porvnde Hogarth's picture* Tho girls' refootory (In «duding thal of tho younger ohlldren) ls tho principal attraction. Neat attendants allontly glide about tho orderly »nd silent tables), tho looltot«-on moto or stop .a tho fancy takes thom ) comments in whispers OD face et:ob a nombrir from'such awladôwara not un fréquent) nanny of tho f noes aro of 'a characterto Sx .ttontion. Soma of tho visitors from the outside pab- ilo sro accustomed visitors. Thoy 'have established a speaking acquaintance- with the occupants of particular wats at tho table»', and halt at those pointu to bend down and suy a word or two. It ls no disparagement to their kindness that thoso points aro generali} point« WUP** personal attMiUono an. Tb» monoton/ ol tko j long spacious rooms and (be double Unca of faces; ls agreeably rollovod by Ifaeeo.Iaoid cnte.aUhouglno slight. Avoilod lady, who has no companion gops among tho company. It would seem that curiosity and oppor- tunity ha-po nover brought her tbcro before. She-has tho air of . being a little troubled by tho eight, and, as she goes tho loagth of the (ables, it is with a hesitating step and an uneasy manner. At length aho comos to tho. refectory of tho boys. Thoy aro »so muoh leas popular than tho girls that it is bare of visitora wboh she looks in at tho doorway.' . * But Just within tho doorway, chancos to stand, in- specting, an eldorly female attendant : some order of matron or housekeeper. To whom tho lady aadrorsos natural questions: As, bow many boys? At what aga aro they usually put out in lifo ? Do they often tobo fancy to the ' sea t So, lowor and lower in tono until the lady puta the question : " Whioh is Walter Wilding t" Attendant's hoad is shaken. Against tho rules. " Tou know, whioh is Walter Wilding ?" So keenly does tho attendant feol tho olosonoss with whioh tho lady's eyes examina her face, that aho keeps her own oyes fast upon the floor, lest by wandering in the right direction they should betray her. " I know whioh is Walter Wilding, but it is not my placo, ma'am, to tell names to visitors." ' " But rou can show mo without tallinn- me." 1 The lady's hand m o voa quietly to tho attendant's hand. Pauso and silence. ? 1 ' "lara going to pass round tho tables," says tho lady's interlocutor, without seeming to address ber, " Follow mo with your oyor.- The boy thei l stop nt and speak to, will'not matter to you. But tbo boy that X touch, will bo Walter Wilding, Say nothing moro to rae, and move a littlo away." - ! Quiokly aotiog on tho hint, tho lady passes on into tho room, and looks about her. After a row moments, the attondant, in a staid official nay, walks down outsldo tho lino of tables-commonolnp; on lier left hand. . Sbo goes the whole length of tao line, turns, and comes back on tho. Inside. Very slightly glsnoing in tho lady's direotion, sho stops, .bends forward, and speaks. Tho boy whom sha addresses, lifts his head end replies. Good humouredly and easily, as she listens to what bo says, sho lays her band upon tho shoulder of tho next boy on his right That tho action may bo well noted, sho keeps her. band on tho shoulder whilo speaking in return, and pats it twice or thrice before moving away. She complotes her tour of tho tables, touching noone else, and paseos out by a door at the opposite end of tho long room. Dinner is done, and the lady, too, walks down out- side tho lins of tables commencing on h or left hand, goes tho whole length of the line, turns, and comes back on tho inside. Other people bavo strolled in, for- tunately for her, and stand sprinkled about, Sbo lifts her voil, and ^topping at tho touched boy,1 asks how old ho is? " I am*twolvf, ma'am," ho answers, with bis bright eyes fixed on her. " Are you well and happy ?" ' ' ".Yee, ma'am." ? - ; " May you take these sweetmeats from my hand ?" '''If you please to givo them tomo." In stooping low for tho purpose, the lady touches the boy's facowith; her forehead and with her bait: Thon, lowering her voil Benin, sho passes on, and passos out without looking back, " ' 