GENERAL NEWS We understand that of all the vessels offered by tender to the Government for the Northern Territory expedition, only one is large enough for the purpose, and in that case the amount charged for the charter is considered too high. ' A number of vessels have been offered for sale, but none of them would be of use except for coasting about the Territory and to Timor and the other neighboring settle ments. It is expected that the Government will be able to make final arrangements for a ship on Monday. The party 'will be ready to start by the middle of the month, and will pro bably sail about, the time of the departure of the next English mail. There is now on view, and for sale at Platts's, the colonial-made organ which worthily obtained a. prize medal at the Grand Show held during Prince Alfred's visit to the colony.1 As a piece of workmanship it is well worth seeing, while for beauty and delicacy of tone it is. scarcely possible to imagine anything more perfect. The instrument may be seen by any lovers of music. . " The Darling correspondent of the Southern Argus, writing from Wilcannia on the 12th inst., states that the tracks of Thun derbolt and his mate led in on the river not far above the township, and that it is supposed he has struck across to the Xachlan, by way of the Barrier, to South Australia. On Friday evening, November 27, a tea meeting and an entertainment were held in the ..Glen Osmond Schoolroom. The atten dance was very_ large, and the chair at the latter was occupied by Mr. Thos. Graves, J.P, The proceedings included a very interesting lecture, by the Rev. Mr. Merryman, on "The Dark Deeds of the Dark^ Ages," which; was illustrated by dissolving views, . music by .lady and gentlemen amateurs, and recitatiohs by Messrs.. McEwin, .Bowen, and others, j The entertainment closed,with votes of. thanks to all who had: contributed to the evening's diversion. By the Aldinga we have files from Melbourne to the 25th; Sydney, 19th; Brisbane, 14th ; _Maryborough, 12th; Launceston, 21st; and New Zealand, 14th inst. ' ' I ' We call attention to Mr. A. J. Baker's address to the citizens of Adelaide on his can didature for the Mayoralty. j We observe by an announcement in our business columns that there is to be a grand select ball at the Town Sail Refreshtnent Rooms on Christmas Eve. ' We are informed that a great copper discovery has been made about'90 miles north of Port Augusta. The property is already in the market in 6,000 shares, of £2 each; nearly half the number- to be issued to the prompters and proprietors as paid-up shares. " The pros pectus contains the most glowing accounts of the magnificence of the lode and the quantity of 'ore on. the surface ; and as the statements are very exact and detailed the promoters of course take the full resprasibility of them, j We understand a 'concert and lecffcure for the benefit of the schools in the Salisbury district will take place on Tuesday evening next, at the Salisbury Assembly Rooms, j The Very Rev. J. E. Tenison Woods is to give the lecture on "The Forms of Arches," and the Hon. T. Hogarth will preside. The musical portion of the entertainment is entrusted to Mr. P. Gillespie and the members of the West Adelaide choir, who h#ve kindly volunteered their gratuitous services and have provided an excellent programme for the occasion. A correspondent sends us the ; fol lowing " We hear that the Collector of jCus tomshas issued an order to his department to the effect that no officer is to enter any. hotel, for the purposes of refreshment during -busi ness hours. As many of the Customs officers live at long distances from the Port, leaving home •very early and returning late, such an prder must be felt by them as very hard. Surely,..as in all business offices, some arrangement might be made, by , which one officer couLP relieve another for a short time, whilst recruiting the inner-man. We .fancy the.iCQllectbr'. himself would consider he was treated" with great severity if such an order were issued to lxiui by the Government." A friend who had an interview with a passenger from Cape York has communicated the following to the Gladstone Observer:— " The Hamlet's Ghost, with the spurious Count Attems on board, put into Somerset (Cape York) about the 15th of. August. On being boarded by the police boat he made enquiries as to whether a frigate had arrived there, and on being answered in the affirmative became agitated and eagerly enquired about her move ments, but appeared relieved when told that the vessel was if.M.S. Virago, and that she had left the settlement in January. He remained eight days, and during the whole time kept a bright look-out for vessels in the offing. The captain and crew were discharged in conse quence of a row between the ' Count' and the captain, in which revolvers were drawn. The crew refused to put the captain in irons. It appears that the Count had kept them in awe by threatening to give them 25 lashes apiece when he fell in with the Austrian frigate he was alway s.expecting. The acting police magis trate induced the crew to re-ship under a fresh agreement, all but the captain and steward, who remained behind. While in port the Count was always dressed in the uniform of an Austrian captain of cavalry, and wore a sword when on shore." 'He made a great display of the money he had with him, and purposely left bills of ex change lying about his cabin for visitors to see, many of which were filled in for large amounts, and only wanted his signature. He succeeded in imposing upon the authorities, taking sup plies for his vessel and paying for them in bills, which the holdars will doubtless discover are about as valuable as drafts upon Aldgate pump. Amongst those who were swindled are two naturalists—one named Thorpe. The Count bought stuffed birds, he., from them to the amount of about £30, but some slight compunc tion must have touched him, for, contrary to custom, he paid them half in cash and half by a bill. He sailed for Batavia on the eighth day, leaving letters; for the captain of the Austrian frigate, and his bankers in Sydney. _ The frigate was ordered to follow bim on to Timor. The captain he has with him is one Austin, late master of the brig Keliance, which was wrecked on the Solomon group. He was picked up and brought into Bowen, whence he shipped as mate on board the Hamlet's Ghost. Two days after she left Somerset, the schooner Captain Cook arrived from Bowen, with a warrant for the ar rest of the Count." 