LECTURE BY FATHER. WOOLFREY. On Wednesday evening the Rev. Father Woolfrey, O.C., delivered a lecture in the Catho lic School-room, Bathurst, on the subject of 'The Church of Jesus Christ.' The chair was taken by the Right Reverend Bishop Quiun. The two school-rooms were filled with attentive hearers, from end to end. lhe Chairman said that the Rev. Father Woolfrey had undertaken to deliver a lecture ; and as the name of that gentleman was a 'house- hold word,' especially in Bathurst, he (the Chairman) was sure that the lecture would be listened to with delight. He would say no more, but introduce the rev. gentleman, and let him speak for himself. , The lecturer said that he had first been re quested to deliver a lecture on Education ; and then it had been proposed that the subject should be ' Temperance ;' not that he supposed such a lecture was particularly needed inBathur3t, but he had one by him. He had, however, chosen to address them on the ' Church of Jesus Christ;' an excellent subject, he was sure, and interesting to every denomination of Christians. The Church had been first heard of when Jesus Christ spoke to St. Peter, the Prince of Apostles, to whom it was declared that the gates of hell — that is, of error — should not pre vail against it. The Apostles penned a Creed for the whole world ; and one of the articles of that creed was, ' I believe in the Holy Catholic Church.' The Apostles' Creed was the only form of Christian belief which was carried east and west, north and south, to announce to all mankind the divine and eternal kingdom of Jesus Christ— called His Church. The meaning of the Apostles in this article of the Creed was the meaning of the Paraclete— the Holy Ghost. The rev. gentleman then proceeded to show ' What the Church is,' He said : It is the domain of Jesus Christ himself — the price of His blood. The Trinity had begotten her, and given her all their glory. — But to know the Church perfectly would require more than a life time. She had received her perfections and dignity in the manger. The natural man, not endowed with faith, could nob conceive her greatness. The world itself was created only to bring forth the Church. Ho need not remark that there had not been an age in which the powers of earth and hell had not waged war against her. Her servants had to perform their rites in the bowels of the earth, in rocks, in caves, in the catacombs ; and these things had occurred even just after the age in which the Apostles themselves had lived. It would be wonderful therefore, if, in an age dis tant from that of Apostles, the hand of persecu tion were stayed. Jesus Christ had, however, prayed that the faith of the Church fail not ; so that the protection which had been afforded her at first, was given yet — was given now. — Now, if we judged the Church ouly outwardly, she ap peared weak, especially when the magnitude of the work committed to the Apostles was con sidered ; for the command was 'Go ye into the whole world and preach the Gospel to every creature.' Bat when the Church was viewed internally, her seeming weakness vanished. The Church might be considered the counter part of the material world. She had her sue, her ocean stare, and her miraculous dews to fertilize. Now it was important that the Apostles' Creed should be understood. All de nominations recited it ; and it was considered to have been divinely inspired, to have been taught to the Apostles by the Paraclete. Every word of it was mysterious, and could not be measured by human reason. — It was evident from what had been said, that the Church must be Catho lic or universal. It was Catholic in time, in place, and in Doctrine. It began with Christ, who told the Apostles, 'Behold 1 am with you all days, even to the consumation of the world.' The Gospel was intended to be preached to every one. It was foretold by Malaobias, ' For from the risiag of the sun even to, the going down my name is great among the Gentiles ; and in every place there is sacrifice, and there is offered to my name a clean oblation ; for my name is great among the Gentiles, saith the Lord of hosts. ' Our divine Lord also spoke as to its Catholicity 'And this Gospel of the Kingdom shall be preached in the whole world for a testi mony to all nations ; and then shall the con sumation come;' and further, 'Go ye into the whole world, and preach the Gospel to every creature.' In the Acts of the Apostle we have also ''And ye shall be witneses unto me, in Jerusalem, and in all Judea, and Samaria, and even to the uttermoBt parts of the earth.' And Sfc. Paul likewise says ' Have they not leard ! Yes verily, their sound hath gone forth into all the earth, and their words unto the end of the whole world.' From these scriptures we have the catholicity of the Church in Time, in Place, and in Doctrine ; and the Apostles penned their faith in this Creed accordingly. The article 'I believe in the holy Catholic Church,' was there fore equal in faith to that which asserts 'I be lieve in God the Father Almighty.' Now, all persons have no hesitation in believing in the latter ; how then was it that anyone could re fuse to believe the other ? If one was necessary to salvation, so was the other— The reverend lecturer then referred to the Fathers and quoted from their works- Ignatius, Bishop of Antioch, who flourished about the year 107, some 70 years after Christ; St Cyprian, St. Alexander Eusebuis, St. Cyril, Bishop of Jerusalem ; St. Epaphanius, St. Ambrose, St. Jerome, St. Augustine, and several others, to prove the catholicity of the Church which was the catho licity of truth. Truth was catholic or universal : and as truth was indivisible, so was the Church. Whilst quoting from the Fathers, the Rev. gentleman said that millions of holy confessors had gone to heaven from this Church, though it had been persecuted for 1800 years. Yet it would be happy in truth, to the latest time, until it were like Enoch, translated to heaven. At the: conclusion of the lecture the reverend gentleman was loudly applauded. The Chairman said he was- sure the audience must have been delighted with the eloquent lecture of Father Woolfrey. It was a delicate subject ; but they would perceive that not one ' word had been uttered that could give offence to any human being. If there was one thing which he wished generally more than another it was not to ofiend his fellow- citizens. Indeed, so much did he (the Bishop) fear giving offence to anyone, that he had requested to see, that he might read, the lecture before it was delivered ; for however eloquent a discourse of this charac ter was, it could not compensate for even one word of oflence which it might contain. They ai.-i^ewJthat fchey had been taugtt from their childhood to love their neighbour ; and be that; neighbour black or white, Catholic or Protestant, they were obliged to love him as themselves. Ihey had, therefore to thank Father Woolfrey, tirst. for his eloquent lecture; and secondly, because it did not contain one word calculated to give offence to anyone of anocher denomina tion. Three cheers were then given for Father ' Woolfrey and the Bishop respectively : and the audience retired. 