^ATE FOLEY'S REMAINS. FKOM THE 'AEGOSV.' ? Not many years since, in one of my sum mer rambles, chance took me to a pace Ehich,for the nonce, I shall call Lynton. ?t was situated in a valley famed for its Romantic scenery — a stupendous chasm KiDg one of its chief features- and was V ° ..„„»!„ nftpn a restinc-Diace for those Hrho like myself, were of an itinerant ?hancter, and loved to see Nature in all Kr different phases. K I entered Lynton at sundown, and thot HUe efening I made the acquaintance of Ko yonng fellows who were also in search Hf the picturesque, one an artist, and the Khera brother-chip. As I found them HomDanionable, good sort of fellows, and as Kiey, like myself, were bent on domg the Krns of the locality, we agreed to fraternize, ?accordingly, the next morning, after break Kst, we started on our tour of inspection. H We were advised not to visit the chasm Bm that day, but first to ascend the hills by B craggy path, see the view from their Summits, and then ascend, by another route, Bo a cascade, which, we were told was worth Keeing. ? After a couple of hours' wandering Em the hills, we descended, among beetling Kocks, to a small dell, commanding a view Kfthe waterfalL Nothing could be more ?nviting to three tired tonrists, and down Ee sat on the green sward, and commenced En attack on the good things we had Erought with us. . W A place more inviting to an artist, more ?inspiring to a poet, or more alluring to an Kndolentand dreamy fellow, such as I was, ?could not be imagined. My astist-friend) Ehose name was Oram, as soon as his ap ?petite was appeased, pulled out his materi lals, and began to sketch, while I and Goff ?stretched ourselves lazily on the grass, and ?commenced smoking. ? It was a spot to produce thought and ?feeling, rather thin conversation, and for ?some time Goff and I smoked in silence, ?while Oram industriously plied his pencil. ?Presently there was a rustling among the ?bushes, and, an instant afterwards, a large ?dog came bounding towards us, with a I friendly sort of gambol ; and then leaping ?around us, and dashing among the bottles I and glasses, seemed to be challenging us ? to a game of sport. I A few minutes later, I heard a clear, I musical voice calling, ' Nero, Nero ! where I are you ?' I I started up. Just at that moment the I underwood was thrust on one side, and a I girl, young and beautiful, glowing with I health, and breathless with her chase after I Nero, burst suddenly upon my vision. I The moment she saw ub, she paused and I drew back. How lovely she looked, as she m. fttnrin fnairtt wifl* «t tintt- Itlnnt* ««A&i; «?»**? La— ? »?'»' «uvt«| ntui « oi'A.11 uiUOU OUUUOUIK 11 Cl I cheeks, her fine eyes, shaded by long, dark I lashes ! She was evidently alarmed— in I that sort of beautiful disorder which, is so I enchanting in the young. She advanced a I step or two, and then again hesitated. I I sprang to my feet, and doffing my I 'wide-awake,' approached her, saying, I 'Pardon me, young lady, but your dog I seems determined to make our acquaintance. I He's a fine fellow, though rather rough, I I should think, for a lady's dog.'.' And, as I if to sustain the character I had given him, I Nero began to jump about me in a rather I troublesome manner. I ? 'Down, Nero! down! Quiet* nr!' I and she menaced him with her finger. I t^®0 °teyed| »t least for the moment I He lay down, looking from one to the I rf ' then he wh?Bed» 8*ve * Bnort» snMP I bark, and springing up, with his tail I lowered, raced hither and thither, yelping [ and barking, as though determined to enjoy himself in spite of us. At this moment another- actor appeared upon the scene. It was a tail, .aristocratic woman, considerably past fifty, and yet not old-looking. There was something about h «r xone, manner., and carriage, which in ? stantly convinced me that 1 was in the ? presence of a gentlewoman. Hero seemed ? ty acknowledge her supremacy at once, for ? his i gambols ceased, and he: sought the shel ? termg veil of the younger lady's skirts. ? The old duchess (she might have been ? '» f?r aught I knew, so grand was her ? «»), looked at ns both inquiringly. I ? 'P^i in a few words, explanatory and ? apologetic, and she received them with dig ? ufied courtesy. She walked across the ? greensward, stopping to look at, and say a ? '?* complimentary words of, my friend's ? »w ' l*d then ate and her daughter— ? the former with a stiff bow, and the latter ? ^T^and beautiful coimision^dteap ? P^1™ Up a Dath on the nnnn.lt. .ij. „* I anf i f* ft wood.*nd then turned round I 1 n^?ked -at me' M &6v& to «k if I ? was not coming too. I An ^ Wong to me.' . I re8tnfft\^ayhpmewiud' ?'* during Jhe I tatf 1? **' I «o«dd think of nofting I tf ^^^utiful girl whose ,^naim™5 I were nk l5°m mist het *»& eyelashes! I ^P^graphed upon my memoW^ the cbasni. As we passed down the street, : just as we got opposite the gate of a neat I white cottage, which I Lad before noticed i ou account of its pretty garden and cm- i bowered porch, my friend Nero bounded ' over the gate, and came to my side, wagging ! his tail by way of welcome. He followe( me some distance out of the town, and then reluctantly turned about and went home ward. . ' That's a funny dog,' said Goffi 'Any- one, to see him and you, would think you were old friends.' ' It is strange,' I replied. ' The only way I can account for it is by supposing that he takes me for some one he has formerly known.' ' Possibly,' was my friend's answer, and the subject dropped. Entering the Chasm from the Vale of the Lynn, the sudden change in the scene was most striking. The green landscape of the valley, with its hills dappled with heath and gorse, its1 flocks and herds, and its richly-cultured meadows, was suddenly ex changed for solitude the most profound. Bocks, abrupt and vast, rose on either side. It often happens that our first view of that which is celebrated, and of which we had formed an exalted, perhaps an exagge rated, notion, does not impress us as we expected it would, because it does not realize our preconceived ideas. It was not bo in uie present instance, ior tne scene was far grander than I had anticipated. A mountain riven in twain : on either side precipitous cliffs, forcing their shattered and craggy heads into the clouds, and shaggy with the dark foliage which grew out of chinks in their sides, hung frowning over the narrow pass, and formed a scene unrivalled in romantic effect, I was obliged to stop and gaze — my mind seemed dwarfed Dy tne contemplation oi a scene so sublime. I tried to realize the stupendous power which could thus rend asuuder these solid rocks : the mighty shuck, as the riven mountain crashed over into the valley, shaking the earth to its very centre. The further we penetrated into the pass, where, at every winding of the little road, a fresh picture of huge and wildly-grouped rockB was presented to our view, the more impos ing became the 6cene. On we went, each moment the precipices becoming more and more rugged and ma jestic, as they, one after the other, enfolded us in their embrace, till we came to the two great features of the chasm — Heron's Crag and the Valley of Stones : the first a lofty precipice, and the latter a chaotic mass of black ironstone, scattered about in wild disorder. I was gazing up with breathless awe at the towering crag when I was startled to see, close to its very verge, a solitary human figure. ' Good heavens !' I exclaimed, ' who is that up there ?' ' That, sir !' answered the guide, follow ing my gaze. « Oh ! it's only Miss Kate.' 'Miss Kate! What Miss Kate?' I asked. ' Miss Kate Foley, sir ; she as lives at the white cottage with the pretty garden.' ' Has she got a black dog called Nero ?' ' She has, sir.' ' She's mad !' cried Oram, emphatically. ' It makes me giddy to look at her.' ' There ain't no danger, as far as that goes,' said the guide ; ' but, as you say, sir, it s rather a maddish thing for a young lady to do ; and there be some as says she is a bit crackey in her head, at times.' ' Mad as a March hare,' exclaimed Goff; ' I thought so yesterday. She's a witch, and the old lady and the dog are her familiars. Look now! — there! — you see she's vanished] and didn't you hear a shriek in the air 1' ' No !' I replied, ' nor you either.' ' But I did though, or something verv like it' ' I think your joke is somewhat out of place,' I answered, rather tartly. ' You musn't mind him,' put in Oram ; ' he's nothing if he's not sensational.' « I beg your pardon, if I have offended you,' said Goff; ' but, seriously, I did hear something.' ' The cry of a bird,' suggested Oram. ' Well, the cry of a bird, if you like.' I was annoyed with Goff, and I was an noyed with myself for being annoyed ; but as I felt a strange interest in the girl, which I did not wish them to notice, I thought the best thing I could do was to change the subject tosomeextentby asking the guide for some information as to her and her mother. 'Well, sir, replied the guide, 'I can't tell you much about 'em, because nobody in Lynton, 'cept Lawyer Prowse, knows who they are, or where they came from. They come here about fifteen or sixteen months ago, and as I told you, people did say as Miss Kate was rather cracky, dis ap'inted in love, or something o' that sort ; but there, to my thinking, the mother's the most singularest of the two.' : ' What's the matter with, her V. 'Wdl, sir, it ain't exactly what's the matter with her : you see this is how it is : one day up drives a po'-chay to the King's Arms, and out gets the old lady, all alone. She goes to Lawyer Prowse. who'd eat that white cottage to sell, and she there and then buys it, furniture and all, just as it stands, and pays for it in bank notea.' ' That was rather an off- hand piece of business, certainly; but there's nothing very singular in it after all.' ' Well, it ain't exactly that sir ; you see she pays ready money for all she has.' After a good deal of beating about the bush, I discovered that, in Lynton, it was not considered eood manners to keen vnnr affairs to yourself ; and as Mrs. Foley made no acquaintance, and paid for everything she had in it, no one had an opportunity of making inquiries, in order to satisfy their curiosity as to her antecedents. This sort of reticence and delusiveness rendered her, in the eyes of the good people of Lynton, a suspicions character; for, they argued, where there was secresy, there must be something to conceal ; and where there was concealment there must be something wrong ; and from all I could gather from our guide, there never had been, since Lynton. was a town, so fertile and yet so unsatisfactory a subject of speculation as Kate Foley and her mother. That same evening we were sitting after dinner, enjoying our tumblers of Irish whisky, when in rushed the landlord with a face pale aa a ghost ' What' e the matter J' asked Goff, who , was the first to notice bis agitation. ' Matter enough, gentlemen,' he replied. ' There's been an accident up at the Ciag. A young Indy lias ' — he paused, and then added, 'fallen off, and been killed.' ' A young lady !' I exclaimed ; ' not Miss Foley, 1 hope.' ' That's who it is, sir : it's very horrible, isn't it.' ' Good heavens !' cried Goff ; ' she must have fallen off while we were there. You laughed at me because I Eaid I heard a shriek : now, what do you think t' 'Why did you pauf.e, landlord,' I asked, ' and then add ' fallen off, and been killed V ' ' Because sir, there be some as says Ehe flung herself off.' ' What has given rise to 6uch a sus picion '? ' Why, sir, two young women as was coming over the hills from Clearton saw her sitting among the rocks, crying. The moment she Baw them, she wiped her ryes, and got up ; but though she tried to be cheerful, her manner was, they say, very strange. About twenty minutes after this, they again saw her, this time mounted righ upon Heron's Crag ; the next instant she disappeared ; how, they don't know ; but they thought they heard a faint scream ; at any rate, sue s not been seen 6ince, and ain't been home all day.' ' Has any search been made 1' I asked. ' Not yet ; they are going up the Chasm almost directly.' ' What say you 1' I asked of my com panions. ' Shall we go, too 1' 'With all my heart,' responded Goff. ' Who knows but, after all, she may not be dead 1' We started, and found a number of per sons assembled at the entrance to the Chasm. A few minutes later we were joined by several men, among whom was Hawkins, the man who had been our guide in the morning. They had brought poles and ropes, and other appliances ibr climb ing, and we all started at a rapid pace. At last we reached the foot of the pre cipice, and the search was commenced, and continued for more hah? an hour; but though every rock upon which she could have fallen was climbed, and every rift and ulcviuc Dcuiviieu, iju bigu oi tne poor gin could be discovered. Heron's Crag was in the shape of an ir regular V, and formed a sort of promontory, which jutted out into the valley. It there fore had two sides, and it was now sug gested that though she had been last seen standing on the side we had searched, that on the western side the precipice was lower, and that if she had fallen or slipped, she would have rolled down on that side. The idea was so feasible that we all started for the other side of the Crag. We utui utuuijr, ao it were, uuumea xue \jape, when my eyes were attracted by a fragment of dress, or a shawl, or something of that kind, which, having been caught by a pro jection of rock, hung swaying aud flutter ing in the air. I called the attention of my companions to this, and they seemed to think it a harbinger of success. For my own part, I did not think so ; ou the con trary, when my eye first fell upon it, my heart sank within me, as up to that mo ment I had been cherishing a hope that after all it might be a mistake, and that I might yet see her, on our return, alive aud well at her mother's cottage ; but here was a too convincing proof of - an accident having occurred to allow me to cherish that hope any longer. At this point we met with another check. Anything descending in a perpendicular line from the shawl would fall on a sort of terrace or ledge of rock, about a third of the way down, and this could not be reached from below. To make sure that, in case the body had fallen on the ledge, it had not rolled off, we searched minutely the rocks at the base of the precipice, but without discovering it Still as if to urge us to fresh exertions, several of the bystanders affirmed that they could hear cries or groans as of a person in distress or pain. I listened attentively, and at last I did hear a noise of some sort, aud whatever it might be, it evidently came either from the ledge or the precipice above it There was now nothing left but to go up to the summit of the crag and decend to the ledge from the crown of the preci Dice. We had, therefore, to retrace our steps, for there was no way of reaching the crag, except from the valley on the other side. By the time we got back to the village the sun had set, but the moon, which was just at its full, was already high in the heavens. After having obtained such ropes, stakes, and other materials as were necessary for descending, I and my two friends, with our guide of the morning, who was an exper ienced cragsman, again started on our melancholy, but exciting errand. . It was a night of extraordinary beauty ; not a cloud dimmed the stainless blue of the heavens, and the moon,, which had almost tropical brilliancy, bathed the whole landscane in a flood of clear but mellow light Never was a more beautiful or more tranquil picture than that which met our view as we ascended the wooden slope which led us to our destination. We had started with a goodly number of idlers ; but, when the path became more and more ragged and dangerous, these gradually fell off, till on arriving at the foot of the crag itself, we found our party dim inished to six. I did not wonder at this, for though the light was bright and clear, the moon threw shadows about our path which were very deceptive, and which con siderably increased the dangers of the as cent Had I not been buoyed up by the hope that the cries and groans that we had heard proceeded from the poor girl herself, and that if we persevered we might rescue her before she succumbed to the injuries inflicted on her by her fall, I do not think I should have pressed on so eagerly. The path we now had to ascend was more steep and dangerous than any we had previously attempted. A slip or a false step would in all probability be fatal, and, to make matters worse, the side of the crag up which we had to climb was in deep shadow, and the ground slippery with dew. ' I think, sir,' said Hawkins, ' that we had better rest here awhile.' ' I think so, too,' replied Oram ; ' and being of a provident turn, I've brought a flask of brandy ; so, in the meantime, we'll take a pull at that' AVe had hardly done so when the long, whining, melancholy howling of a dog fell upon our ears. How this acled upon the the minds and hearts of the others, I can not say ; but to me it seemed that the found came from the poor girl's dog, and that he was reproaching us for our delay. 'Time may be precious,' 1 said, as I rose up ; 'let us be moving.' With alacrity we all sprang forward, and in about twenty minutes found ourselves on the Crag. AVe were now on a sort of plateau, and we naa not advancea iar wnen 1 was startled by the barking and yelping of a dog. In another instant Nero was by my side, manifesting evident tokens of recog nition and satisfaction, and then going on before us, he led the way to the very spot which the guide had marked for hie des cent. The preparations for this were soon made ; a large stake was driven into the ground, some distance from the. edge of the cliff, to which was affixed a long rope, of uuiuticui Birengiu io Dear me weignt oi a man, and of more than sufficient length to reach the ledge. Fastening the other eud round his body, taking a coil of it on his left arm, and laying hold of the part at tached to the stake with both hands, Haw kins threw himself over the brow of the cliff, and disappeared from our sight. He had been over the precipice some minutes, and had made no sign, when a strange sort of presentiment came over me that, unless I went down after him, some thing would go wrong. My friends, and the two remaining men, UBed all their elo quence to persuade me to give up the idea. It was of no use however, I only laughed at their fears, and another stake having been driven in, somewhat to the right of the other, aud all being ready, I prepared to descend. The shelving nature of the ground made the approach to the verge rather difficult, and I had not advanced three steps, when my feet went from under me, and I slipped down several feet, till I was brought up by the rope. This un nerved me a little, aud I had to sit still for a moment or two to recover my equani mity. Then I launched myself over the precipice. Hanging suspended from a high cliff, some hundreds of feet from its base, with nothing to prevent you falling among the rocks below -but a small rope, is not a situation to be coveted, and my friends' warnings came across my mind with un pleasant distinctness. I looked down once, but dared not do so again, for the abyss appeared so deep and awful that it made me dizzy. Shuddering to think what my fate would be if I should fall, I shut my eyes and clung tightly to the rope to prevent the catastrophe I had dreaded. I had descended ibr some distance, but no ledge made its appearance, and I began to think I had been out in my calculation, and that my rope would not reach it However, a few moments later I saw, a short distance below me, a broad bit of ledge which I knew was the one I sought, and the next instant I was safely landed upon it The first thing I did was to cast my eyes along it for the poor girl in whose fate I was so interested ; but I could see no thing of her — in fact, nothing but some pieces of rock which had fallen from the cliff above. I was just about to look round for Hawkins, when I heard on my left a loud halloo from below. I knew it must come from the guide, and advancing to the extreme end of the ledge, I called to know what was the matter, and what I could do to assist him. The voice came up from below: 'Don't be scared, sir, I'm all right at present; I Baw you coming down, so I waited. Can you hear what I say-' 'Yes,' I replied, 'perfectly well.' ' All right ; now listen, I missed the ledge. That I didn't mind, for I saw something down here as I took for a piece of poor Miss Kate's dress. But what's the matter is this : my rone's cat bv the rocks. I can see the frayed strands about eight or nine feet above my head; but I'm all right, for my feet are resting on a crag.' ' Well,' I replied, ' what do you want me to do ?' ' I think I heard you say this morning as you was a bit of a sailor — can you tie a bowline V 'Yes. What then?' ' You must go up ; but I say, sir,' he continued, ' do you see nothing of poor Miss Kate on the ledge i' ' Not a sign.' ' Ah ! I'm sorry, poor thing ! what can have become of her V ' Go on,' I said ; ' what am I to do when I get to the top 1' ' Loosen the line from 'your stake, and fasten one end to mine. . Then make a bowline with the other end round my line, aud send it down to me.' ' I see,' I answered ; ' I hope it will be long enough,' \- mat s just it, sir, was tne answer. I reached the surface, how I hardly know. I did exactly as I had been di rected, and when I had done so, I payed out the rope till I came to the end. I then called to him over the cliff, ' All out ; does it reach you V The answer was some time coming back, and then it came faintly : ' No, too short' ' What's to be doue now ?' I asked. 'Are you afraid to come down without being tied 1' 'No.' 'Then shift your line back to your own stake. Mind you don't let go the end, or I'm done for, for I can't staud here long ; and then lower yourself on to the ledge' ' I'm down,' I said, when I had reached it ; ' what now t' ' Is there anything you can fasten a line to up there !' ' Yes, a crag just like a cleat' ' Haul up as much line as will give yon bight enough to make fast ; then ««ll to them above to let go the upper end ; mind and hold fast when they do, that it don't strike you, and knock you off; then make fast the end, loosen the bight, and lower this end to me.' In a minute I had done all this, and with one end fast to mv rackv cleat, I lowered the other to the brave fellow below. In another minute, to my intense satisfaction, I heard his voice: 'All right ; make fast' ' It's done,' I answered ; ' what next!' The only answer I got was a jerk on the line, and on looking down, I saw the guide with his feet pressed against the sides of the precipice, commence, hand over hand, his dangerous ascent. The look-down was so tremendous that I was obliged to draw back, and standing thus, 1 watched each stiain on his rope as though my own life depended on it. Sud denly the line gave an extra jerk, and then the tension slackened altogether. My heart leaped into my throat, as I stood listening for a cry or sound ; I felt bo sure that some horrible catastrophe had oc curred, that I had not the power to move, so as to look down to see if what I dreaded were true. A minute or two elapsed, when, just as I was about to make a movement towards the edge to ascertain the real state of things, I fancied I saw the tension of the rope renewed. In another instant the pulls aud jerks showed me that he had only been resting, and a few minutes later his head appeared above the side of the ledge. Aided by me, he scrambled to my side. ' Thank God ?' he exclaimed, as he threw himself down to recover his strength and his breath. 'A tough night's work, sir ; and all to no purpose.' 'I see you've got the shawl, sir,' he continued, noticing it as it lay on the ground. ' Yes,' I answered ; ' I secured that as I came down the first time.' ' It's Miss Kate's,' he replied ; ' there's no mistake about it ; I've seen her wear it a hundreds of times.' I shall not 6top to detail minutely how we reached the plateau, but merely mention that when we had done so, and got our traps together, Nero and the shawl, though I knew that I had brought it up with me, were nowhere to be seen. Our efforts to recover the poor girl's body did not end here, but though they were continued next day, and for many days afterwards, and though a reward was offered by her mother for its recovery, or for any information respecting her, nothing was heard of Kate Foley, nor were her remains discovered. Postscript. — There was certainly some thing mysterious in this sudden aud entire disappearance of Kate Foley. But, as I have always found that there is a solution to every mystery, I rested in the hope that in this case, as in all others, something would eventually tum up to solve it Time, we are told, works wonders, and patience has its reward ; but three or four years passed over my head without any thing occurring to aid me, so that I began to think Time, in this case, would not do his work, and that my patience was not to be rewarded. Still, it came at last. It happened thus : — The acquaintance with Oram, commenced at Lynton, had ripened into a steady friendship. Goff was a very good fellow, and I did not drop his acquaintance. But he got married, while Oram and I were bachelors, and were thus thrown more together. It was a few days before Christmas, and we were sitting in his study, enjoying our weeds, and lamenting that we had no invitations for the holidays. We had just agreed to dine together at my chambers, when there came a loud rap and ring, and, a minute or two later, the land lady brought in a card, saying there was a gentleman waiting. ' Good gracious !' exclaimed Oram, look ing at the card, 'brine him up — brine him up ! and then he went on : ' The funniest thing in life ; it's a fellow I've not seen for years !' At this moment a tall, handsome man, of about five- and-thirty, entered the room, who, after being heartily welcomed, was introduced to me as Mr. Wentworth. After a little conversation, I found that he had been travelling or living abroad for the last five years, but had returned home, and was livine in Hamnshire. ' I had some trouble to get your address, Jack,' said Mr. Wentworth ; ' but I was determined to find you out, for I want to introduce you to my wife. You heard that I was married ?' 'No,' replied Oram, 'I lost sight of you altogether.' ' Well, never mind ; I'm going back the day after to-morrow, and I shall take you with me. You must spend Christmas with us.' ' No, no,' exclaimed Oram, ' I can't do that I'll come down for the New Year ; but I'm engaged for Christmas Day.' ' Nonsense !' I pat in ; ' I'm not going to have you stop in town for me. Don't mind what he says, Mr. Wentworth ; he can go if he likes.' 'No, hang it! that won't do. You took compassion on me when I had the prospect or notmng out acnop in my study, and I'm not going to leave you alone in your glory.' 'Well,' said Wentworth, 'can't we make a compromise! Can't your friend come tot' , 'Of course he can!!' struck in Oram; 'and, what's more, as you wish it he shalL' ?'? ?' At last I consented, .and,' two days after, we all three started from Waterloo Station, for Hack Hall, Mr. Wentworth's place; where we arrived just in time to be intro duced, and then to dress for dinner. Mrs. Wentworth had two lady friends staying with her. Altogether, we made up a party of six. Mrs. Wentworth was a nice-looking, very agreeable woman, but there was something in her manner that I could not make out ; besides which, I seemed to have a vague idea that I had at one time or other seen her, or some one like her. After dinner, when the ladies had gone upstairs — we had drawn round the fire, and old times came upon the tapis — Oram mentioned how we had first met at Lynton. ' Lynton I' exclaimed our host ' I know Lynton,' ' It's a delightful place,' said I, ' and I enjoyed my stay there very much.' ' Yes,' said Oram, laughing ; 'saerching after the mortal remains of a young lady who, if I may be allowed the expression, seemed to have been spirited away by the old gentleman ! 'And were you successful in your search J' asked Wentworth. ' No,' replied Oram ; ' but he very nearly left bis own among the rocks as a monument of misdirected perseverance.' 'Come, come!' cried Wentworth; 'this is tantalising. Let's have a true and par ticular account of the matter.' Accordingly I gave it, and when I had done Mr. Wentworth laughed most im moderately. When he recovered himself, he said : ' You will think it strange ; but, though Kate Fo]i*y was a relative of mine, and though I understood that she disap peared in a rather mysterious, manner, I never heard a word of all this Before.' ' Kate Foley a relation of yours !' I was just in the act of exclaiming, when a ser vant entered the room, followed by a large black dog, who rushed in to welcome his master. I recognized the dog in an instant as my old friend Nero. ' Why,' I cried, ' that's her dog — that's Nero !' ' Yes, that's Kate's dog ; and when you go up stairs I shall have the pleasure of introducing you to Kate herself' ' What ! Kate Foley V ' No,' he replied ; ' not Kate Foley, but Kate Wentworth.' ' Nonsense !' cried Oram ; you don't mean to tell me that the amiable lady who carved our turkey is the very person whose remains we searched for among the Lynton rocks !' ' The very same !' 'Then, I think,' said Oram, 'it's our turn now to ask for a key to this mystery. Let us have a full, true, and particular account' 'You Bhall,' replied Wentworth, and commenced thus: — 'Mrs. Foley, Kate's mother, was my father's sister, and, of cousre, my aunt. She was, I may say, a regular Wentworth : that is to say, she had a strong and resolute will. She married a Dr. Foley— a fine old fellow, a learned man, and a gentleman, but no more fit to have the management of money than a baby ; and so my aunt managed both him and his cash-box, and during his life had her own way entirely. Well, Kate was an only child, and so was I. When we grew up we fell in love, and, with the consent of both families, we were engaged : in fact, the day for our marriage was fixed. But Dr. Foley died very suddenly, and the wedding had to be put off. My father was appointed Kate's guardian. This, somehow, brought the two Wentworth wills into collision, and they ended by quarrelling. My father, having the power, had his way ; but my aunt to spite us — for I - and Kate had taken my father's side of the dispute — took herself and Kate off, unknown to anyone, and buried herself away in the country, nobody knew where. It nearly broke Kate's heart, but she was true as steel, and, spite of her mother's vigligence, she con trived, after a time, to write to me. You see, my aunt forgot that both Kate and I had the Wentworth blood in our veins, and were not to be circumvented after that fashion. I do not for a moment advocate a disregard of maternal authority ; but I could not see why, on account of a caprice on the part of my aunt, a solemn compact which had been entered into by her and my uncle before his death, and which had occupied the poor old doctor's last thoughts, should be broken, and two persons made miserable for life. Therefore, as soon as I discovered where Kate was, ^started off, and, as she wanted about six months of her majority, we agreed to wait till then ; and eventually, on that memorable August morning, she took French leave, and eloped with me.' ' But,' I said, ' did you not write to the old lady?' ' Yes ; as soon as the knot was tied, both Kate and I wrote ; but she never re plied. About a month afterwards, when we went down to Lynton, we found the cottage shut up and the old lady gone. After this Kate and I went abroad, and we heard nothing of her mother till one day, while we were at Lucerne, we had a letter from her, asking ut to forgive her. Well, of course, after this, all was right) and my aunt acted the tender mother to perfection till her death, which happened about a year since. She was a strange wo man, and I believe liked me aU the better for having outwitted her. But come, let us go up to the drawing room. I have no doubt you would like to have another, though not last, look at Kate Foley's re mains.' Melbourne Baden Babenised. — I con fess I can't see the precise' connection be tween the lucky number that won Fishook and the ' three-up men.' . It. is no doubt quite true that three times ' 333 ' will produce ' 999,' but so will several other multiples of that number. I am free to acknowledge that I share the universal re gret that so noble an animal should fall into such ignoble hands. That the pride and flower of the Australian Turf should arrive at the fate of becoming a book maker's horse is almost as bad as consign ing him to the shafts of acostermonger's cart ' I never heard more wide spread re gret than at the fate of Fishook on Mon day last, and the oft-repeated maxim that ' the devil takes care of his own ' could not readily be construed in a manner com plimentary to the winners. It was some relief to learn that the partners in the winning number had fallen out, and that the gentleman in whose name the lottery racKet etooa aiscuumea uu prior veroai arrangements about partnership therein ! This may have been merely a Verandah yarn. Looking at the faces of the occu pants of St George's Hall on Monday last, any thoughtful man must have come to the conclusion that there is much wisdom in repressing that form of gambling by legis lative enactment How wolfish the greed of the eyes riveted to the revolving telegraph as its arms swung swiftly round and disclosed the fatal word 'blank.' A frequent repetition of this kind of thing would gradually demoralise the en tire community. The luck of the winner of Marchioness for £1 would soon drag in the whole clerkly class, and then would ensue short cash and rifled tills. How much of ill tins feverish excitement would produce, if permitted to run riot for any lengdth of time, it were idle to surmise. As it was, business-men, tradesmen, professional men, and many men of all classes gave up a day's honest work in order to participate in the Baden-Baden delight of risking ten pounds for a thousand or two. I think that a political meeting, whether of free traders or protectionists, whether for or against little George — however loud in criticism or unruly in demeanour, presents human nature in a higher aud more digni fied aspect than Monday's marble perform ance of adult and presumedly rational men. — ' Under the Vcrandali,' Leader, April 11. 