CHAMPION BAY. from our own Correspondent The Ibrget-me-%ot arrived on the evening of Sunday, the 29th nlthno, about 7, having left Fre mantle on the day previous at noon. By this vessel TTw Lordship the Bishop arrived, and although Divine service commenced at 8 o'clock, he, with bis well known zeal in his cause, tired and unfit as he was after bis voyaga, preached that evening. He- express ™3 his mtih«li- anH nleamre at ni£etin£ SO manv on the occasion. ^~He held another service on th» follow ing Friday, and on the next day proceeded to tbe Greenoujgh Flats, and remained there for some Mays, arranging matters in connection with that portit^of the district, and during the time he laid thef»-ida~ tion -stone of a building to be erected asy£ church there, fie also held a service; and retaoed on the following; Thursday. Oa the 16tbA'» . he preached a most impressive sermon, ar-d_3Jiessed his congre gation respecting the ^r-vou8 calamity which had Sb^iHW toeui, anfexprSssed his pleasure at flmMng that it was looked upon as no other than a warning from 4he hand of the Almighty, and chat he found no rebellions spirit in those who are sufferers. He stated he had ridden along miles through the Flats, with (tending corn on each side, and to all appearance a beaitifbl cnp. in the glory of a most abundant harvest j but, alas! when felt, those heads appearing so productive were nothing but emptiness — a fit and faithful emblem of' what those who live without the tear ot God .were. 'Some,' he said, 'might say that ife'was in anger that the Almighty had put forth His nasu. out no i mm mat ne lovetu ne cnuuaieui; and it should be taken as a correction, as a father in the filth correcteth a child in its blacksliding with love aid for its good.' He also, said he, found a desire bn the part of the people to think more of God than hjlherto, and more wiling to do something towards his service, and he earnestly prayed that this district might stand conspicuous as a devoted people to their Maker and His services, as it has hitherto been thp reverse. Sad this to have to say of our dis trict, but we trust the day may soon arrive when such May be the case, for religion has truly been sadly neglected amongst us. His Lordship then commented briefly on a portion of James, iv. chap\, most feelingly and touching!?. It irXrith feelings of great pleasure I have to record the laying this day of tbe foundation-stone of the Church at Geraldton, to be eet apart solely for the service of God by tbe members of the Church of England. The proceedings commenced by singing the 293rd hymn : — 'This stone to Thee in faith we lay, To Thee this temple. Lord, we build ; Toy power and goodness here display. And be it with fby presence filled.' A prayer was then offered by the Bev. C. Clay, Chaplain of the district, after which the Litany was read by his Tiorflfoip. At tbe conclusion of this the Bev. C. Clay read a record to be placed under the stone, which ran thus : — - 'The foundation-stone of this Church was solemnly laid by the Bight Bevetmd Mathew Bale, D.D.. the first Bishop Qft%rtb. on Saturday the twelfth day of December, in tbe year of our Lord one -^«-nn«*»H eu^it bnndred and sixty- eight, being tbe twelfth year of His Urdship's consecration, and the thirty- second year of tbe reign of Her Majestr Queen Victoria. Colonel John Bruce, acting Governor of the Colony ; Alfred Dnrlacher, Esq., Resident Magistrate of Geraldton; and the Bev. Charles clay. Government fBrapi''' of Champion Bay. Churchwardens —A. Durlacher, feaatlre. JX A. Scott. Esquire, and Hr. W. Trigg. Building Committee— Henry Gray, .Esquire, in nflditMHn frUhf^^rifiTn *^'* dinp1'11^1'1'. Architect —Mr. William Tr^s& This, with a Western Australian Church of England Magarine for the month of November, containing a sermon preached by bis Lordship at the consecration of Stroud Parish Church, whilst in England, were sealed in. a bottle, and-ptacod is a tuvity prepared to reeeive it A trowel, mallet, level, and plumb-rule, were then presented separately to his Lordship by tbe Resident Magistrate of the district. His Lord ship then, after the usual formalities, struck the stone with the mallet, saying at the same time that he hud it in tbe name of the Holy Trinity, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and prayed, that the building of which it was the corner stone might be reared op and used specially for the service of the Almighty for ages to come. He then addressed those present, stating that it filled his heart with gratitude to God that the day had arrived when the stone should be hud, and which had long been looked for, and what pleasure he felt in baring been present to lay it. The site, he said, was far more suitable thou that thought of formerly, being more central, and that the town would eventu ally extend northward j and, further, that it was a remarkable tact that just at the time wben means and assistance were being asked and given towards tbe erection of buildings to be devoted to God's service, the Almighty should be pleased to send amnnrv na 4Tiat. tneitiihnn f-»-\nt Rim inrVilnVt «M*a mum aiUVUg W W11U* IIBUWKWU U1MU 4IIUI HiUUl WBB BCCU in tbe Bed Rust throughout tbe crops; but that it should not be thought to have fallen on us in anger, he quoted the following :--' Every tree that bringetb forth not good fruit is cat down and cast into the fire.' But 'those wkodi the Lordloveth hechas- teneth, and ecoargeUi every son whom he receiveth.' A blessing was then prcnounced by his Lordship, and tbe ceremony closed. His Lordship then proceeded to the Greenongh, where he purposes holding divine service to-morrow. It has long been a, sourcfc of regret that buOdingE for tbe service of each denomination, solely set apart for that purpose, bare not Leen built, but* now' it is pleasing to say there are two in contemplation. That of the Wesleyan body is '»fcjng fast progress towards completion ; and that of which the stone has this day been laid, will no doabt not be long before commenced. Tenders are invited to tie 16th instant 'for the masonary-workot'thebuildiiig, the carpenter-1* baring already been accepted. After tbe acceptance of tbe roriner, no obntcde 'tauJs in the way to deter the WVro-^reas ot the work to couipieuun, lor a guud sum been subscribed towards the building — over £500 — -«*ieh will go far towards tbe estimated cost May it soon be completed, consecrated, and tised for tbe service of Him whose we are, and without whom we we hades. His Ldrdship leaves by the Forget^ne-not on tbe 17th i&stant.; Saturday, 12th December, 1868. A shark was lately caught from off the Forgetme *ot. It was abont eight feat long, and when opened there were found in its stomach the bones of a human foot and a portion of an ami. They are thought to be those of the poor fellow who was supposed to have /alien overboard from the ship Zephyr while she lay in harbor some time since. No other trace than this as bjjen fonnd of him. Tbe captain of the Forget me- Hot visifearPfln*MQ-lry^Wena'?l!rvey' ot the harbor, with a view to taking his vessel there, and I believe he considers it safe to enter the passage, which is very narrow, with a craft of her tounage. )6tb December, 1868. ' 