MY FIRST SHIFT BELOW AND WHAT] I SAW, HEARD, AND THOUGHT OF IT., . - ' . -i.;< , CFrom the Ballarat Miner and Weekly Star:) We were joined after a few minutes by: a Cornish man wlib came to borrow some tobacco of Ned. He was a fine manlylooking fellow, and had a very agreeable' Toice, but curious vernacular. Unlike: the kind solicitude of the Americans for their little words, according to Mr Dickens, lie seemed to treat his very cavalierly, either ignoring them altogether or placing them ignominously at the end of his sentences ; when their proper positions-were -much more prominent. He said-to me; " Mason, how's like workin' below you ? Live Sevastopol, up along, you?" Of course to reach Sebastopol it would be necessary to go up and along too; yet it struck me/ that he particularised the route without intending it, The Cornishman only waited a moment while he filled his pipe, and then telling Ned that " Bos sent for we, make jump-up up along," dived again in the direction of the mysterious gutter " up-along." While we were sitting there a lizard came out of a crack in the timber, near the candle, and I took the little half-torpid, creature in my hand, feeling sorry that its bestlaid scheme, like that of Burns' mouse, had " gang ageefor Ned said it had mistaken the candle-light for summer; and had I anything to put it in, should have brought the sun-loving, harmless little creature, to the surface with me. It got quite active in the heat of my hands, when, on my endeavoring to restrain it from running off, and falling into the water and dirt, it gave a wriggle and was < gone, leaving its long tapering tail in my hands. I dropped the tail, and it fell on the planking between the rails, when it expresses its disgust at being dismembered so summarily by bending itself rapidly one way and then the other, as Ned said, like a miniature animated marling-spike. I had never heard of them before. I was lost in reverie while I looked at it, when I " saw a voice," as Pyramus or Thisbe1 says, and the voice twinkled like a star down the drive, and it said in aloud commanding sort of manner, " Hey, there, you boys, fly round and get away this dirt. Fly round!" And we see the captain of the shift developing as he approached |LS. Ned sprang to his feet; I did the same, and as Artemus Ward would have j said, we " flowed." It seemed a strange sort of expression that "fly round," to me, and very inferior to the "wadein" of the Americans, and I could not help fancying that if wewere literally " flying round" with those, great iron trucks we should somewhat resemble the host that aec6mpanied Morley's ghost. What that underground " flying round" cost me will probably never be known, for it is beyond my feeble pen to describe it; but for the next thre6 and a half hours we never rested our wings, and the " pride" has for ever deserted my ham-strings. But it was over at last. Oh my fellows in adversity ! oh thou " latest outoh thou uninitiated, of ingenious thought!" rack and rack thy imaginative brain and; teil me the meaning of the word " shepherding." Define it and find an analogy between it and anything down below. Down below, iwhere there are no sheep, no verdant emerald hills, no sparkling streams, shepherd's \- pipes, crooks, or suitable i " dogs." Rack thy ingenious mind, I say, and tell me the meaning of this—" The beggars are shepherding the break." The expression was uttered by my mate on one occasion on getting to the end of our stage, and as there were no trucks there, it was obvious that that" stage" of truckmen had not returned as they ought to have done, and without empty trucks we were not supposed to go up again. So we waited there, the candies now burning down in their sockets of clay or leaping up expiringly, and of a ghastly blue; the air-pipe breathing away, and the men coming out of the drives from every direction, with their tin cans in their hands. They came softly and slyly up to us, passing down the drive towards the *break," and enquiring in a whisper if the " boss had gone down." I, completely exhausted by exertion and worn out for want of sleep, seeing there was nothing more.to do, lay down on a lath. More men came in a minute or two, whefe they .stood fearfully looking into the darkness. Presently I was conscious of some one saying " relief," another "Here's the! stairs and stripes," a third " r-r-r-rip," and | then there was a commotion amongst the! men. I heard the jingling of .tin cans, a rusk of pattering footsteps, and half consciously suffered myself to,&e;„left alone I was soon on the surface, though, yet I don't know how I got there, and was walking at night through Ballarat streets. It _ was very dark, yet I perceived a curious-looking figure lurking -about, and I felt intuitively afraid of him, so I hastened to the corner of the street, where I saw quite a crowd of persons, and got in amongst them under a verandah. Whilst I stood there I was astonished at the extraordinary conduct of the shadowy form before alluded to, for he nodged about up and down, this way and that, as though he was anxious to see every individual of the group. After a little time I saw that he was displaying a lot of pictures to the crowd, although he kept at a respectful distance. The subjects of the paintings were miscellaneous in the extreme, and from the distance he held them were rather vague, yet I perceived some represented magnificent houses and lands, others beautiful women at the temple of Hymen, others splendid equipages and horses, others the interiors of public buildings, with some one addressing an admiring crowd, I Yet what surprised me more than any| thing else was that no one seemed to pay the slightest attention except myself, so ! absorbed were they in business of some sort. Their conversation was about | " good shows" of some kind, which they were going to sell out of, and I heard a lot of places or people, I don't know which, mentioned in connection with these " shows." While discussion was at its height, however, X observed that the mysterious exhibitor had got very close to us, when, by some extraordinary means, he made their pockets transparent, and I could see a lot of papers in them. They resembled pound notes something, but were evidently issued by a great many banks, for scarcely any two were alike, some of them new and crisp, others old and worn and dirty, showing the creases from the folds by black marks on the backs of them, and all of them had the word (registered), in brackets, after the elaborately scrolled name. People from the street rushed in crowds to the Corner, where they became quite clamorous for these tough pieces of paper, but no sooner had they got possession (and they paid immense sums of money for them), than they smoked a little and were gone. The shadow (mysterious in everything) collected this smoke and condensed it until it became a mere little cone in the pavement, covered with tinffoil. He now applied a match, when a [ sort of rope, like " Pharoah's fiery : serpent," sprang out of it, and wriggled 1 on, twisted about, until it had .got round I some dozen of us, when, in spite of our I cries and kicks and struggles to get free, the Fiend—for it was a fiend, got hold of it, and we sank away rapidly through the earth. There was a great deal of sulphur and smoke during our descent, then all became dark. Down we went, however, rapidly; down, down, down ! when I saw light again, and somehow struggled out of the rope, and found myself back again j where I had been trucking all day, at the far-east points." There was something so easy and gentle in the manner of the fiend that I called his attention to the fact, although it was unnecessary, as several of my companions had already essayed to inform him of it, but he said, " Oh, never mind; I'll leave you there ; I don t want you yet." But so great was my horror at the idea of work there again, that-1 would rather have seen the devil farther. All the men commenced wailing and groaning and gnashing their teeth, as the rails melted and the ground opened to let them down. Good Heavens! there was no mistake about it; and as I recognised objects around me, there were the rushing, rumbling, bumping trucks, and everything: I groaned out, " Oh, my horrible doom," /'Your horrible dooip he d —d, said a voice, and a 'figurb approached shouting, " Ply round, and get away the dirt." "Do you think the company is going to pay you for sleeping here ? For two pins I'd send you up the i shaft." Jt was a long; time before my small faculties returned,; but when they "id, I found I was standing before the captain of the relief shift, and that he had mistaken me for one of his own "truckies." (xALAH. I Toned-Pape&.—Sheets of music.—Punch. 