THE NOVELIST. PHIHEAS TINN, THE IRISH MEMBER.* Br ANTHONY TBOLLOPE. Ceajteb L. AGAIN SUCCESSFUL. Phineas also said a word of farewell to "Violet before he left Matching, but there was nothing peculiar in her little speech to him, or in his to her. " Of course we shall see each ?other in London. Don't talk of not being in the House. Of course you will be in the House." Then Phineas had Bhakeh his head «nd smiled. Where was he to find a requisite number of householders prepared to return .him f But as he went tip to London he told Hmaelf that the air of the HOUBB of Commons 4as now the very breath of his nostrils. Life <|o him without it would be no life. To have .como within the reach of the good things of political life, to hare made his mark so as to have almost insured future success, to have been the petted young official aspirant of the day,-and then to sink down into the miser* able platitudes of private life, to undergo daily Attendance in law-courts without a brief, to jlisten to men who had come to be much below Slim in estimation and social intercourse, to sit iin a wretched chamber up three pairs of stairs at Lincoln's Inn, whereas he was now at this ^moment provided with a gorgeous apartment looking out into the park from theColonial Office in Downing-street, to be attended by a mongrel between a clerk and an errand boy at 17s. 6d. * week instead of by a private secretary who was the son of an earl's sister, and was petted by countesses' daughters innumerable,-all this would surely break his heart. He could have done it, so he told himself and could have taken glory in doing it, had not these .other things come in his way. But the other things had come. He had ran the risk, and .had thrown the dice. And now, when the game wiis so nearly won, must it be that everything should he lost at last P He knew that nothing was to be gained by (melancholy looks at his club, or by show of wretchedness at his office. London was very ?empty; but the approaching elections still kept some there who otherwise would have "been looking after the first flush of pheasants. Harrington Erie was there, and was not long in asking Phineas what were his views. " Ah;-that is hard to Bay. Batler told .me that he would be looking about." 11 Xtatler is very well in the House," said Barrington, " but he is of no use for anything heyond it. I suppose you were not brought up at the London University ?" " Oh -no," eaid Phineas, remembering the glories of Trinity. "Because there would have been an open, -ing. What do you say to Stratford,-the new .Essex borough ?" " Broadbury the brewer is there already!" " Yes ^-and ready to spend any money you like to name. Let me see. Loughton is grouped with Smotherem, and Walker iB a -deal too -strong at Smotherem to hear of piny -other-claim. I don't think we could dare to propose it. There are the Chelsea hamlets, but it will take a waok of money." " I -hare not got a wack of money," eaid 'Phineas, laughing. u Mut'fl the devil of it. I think, if I werS ^ou, I-should hark back upon some place in Ireland. Couldn't you get Laurence to give ^ou up his seat ?" "What! Fitzgibbon?'* " Yes. He has sot a ghost of a chance of igstting into office again. Nothing on earth vould -induce him to look at a paper during al those weeks he was at the Colonial Office; .aid when jCantrip spoke to him, all he said -w, 'Ah, bother!' Cantrip did not like it, I -cm tell you." M But that wouldn't make him give up his *#at." i "Of -course you'd have to arrange it. By *'ihich Phineas understood Barrington Erie to ujean that he, Phineas, was in some way give to Laurence Fitzgibbon some adequate «otnpensation for the surrender of his position »«*» county member. !' I'nv afraid that's out of the question," eaid Plineae. « j£ he were to go, I should not get 4tj' J1 Would" you have a chance -at Lough, cflbne ?" I was thinking of faying it," said Phineas. :Gf oourse yoa know that Morris is very '11 This Mr. Morris was the brother of Ik d Tulle, and was the Bitting member for X^ghthaue. " Upon my word I think I .ah ]ld try that. I don't ee» where we're to pi our hands ob a seat in England. I don't in ed." Phineas, as he listened to this, could no help thinking that Barrington Erie, though he bad certainly expressed a great deaf of *o itude, was not as true a friend as he »ised 'tow. Perhaps he, Phibeas, had risenjtoo fai and Barrington Erie was beginning tp rthi i that be might as well be out of the way. e wrote to bis father, asking after jthe bo igh, and wking after the health of pfr. M( is., And la his letter be told his own ..to very plainly,-almost pathetically. !He . bad been wrong to make the attempt Pi made. He began to believe that irrong. But at any rate be had for successfully,. and failure now ibly, bitter. He thought that jthe ib' he belonged mufct now regain of tepnWlnhlng Phinew gltm" j has by .the proittietow of "Ww Austral* ' | in office. It would hardly be possible (hat a | new election would produce a House of Com I mons favourable to a conservative Ministry. And with a liberal Ministry he, Phineas, would be sure of bis place, and sure of an official income,-if only he could find a seat. It was all very true, and was almost pathetic. (Ibe old doctor, who was inclined to be proud of his son, was not unwilling to make a sacrifice. Mrs. Finn declared before her daughters that if tbere waB a Beat in all Ireland, Phineas ought to have it. And Mary Flood Jones stood by listening, and wondering what Phineas would do if he loBt hie seat. Would he come back and live in County Clare, and be like any other girl's lover ? Poor Mary had come to lose her ambition, and to think that girls whoBe lovers stayed at home were the happiest. Nevertheless, she would have walked all the way to Lord Tulla's house and back again, might that have availed to get the seat for Phineas. Then there came an express over from Castlemorris. The dootor was wanted at once to Bee Mr. Morris. Mr. Morris wa9 very bad with gout in his stomach. According to the messenger it was supposed that Mr. Morris was dying. - Before Dr. Finn had had an opportunity of answering his son's letter, Mr. Morris, the late member for Loughshane, had been gathered to his fathers. Dr. Finn understood enough of elections for Parliament, and of the nature of boroughs, to be aware that a candidate's chance of success is very much improved by being early in the field; and he was aware, also, that the death of Mr. Morris would probable create various aspirants for the honour of representing Lougbshane. But he could hardly address the Earl on the subject while the dead body of the late member was lying in the house at Castle* morris. The bill which had been passed in the late session for reforming the constitution of the House of Commons had not touched Ireland, a future measure having been pro mised to the Irish for their comfort; and Lougbshane therefore, was, as to Lord Tulla'B influence, the same as it had ever been. He had not then the plenary power which the other lord had held in his hands in regard to Loughtonbut etill the CaBtlemorris interest would go along way. It might be possible to stand against it, but it would be much more desirable that the candidate should have it at his back. Dr. Finn was fully alive to this as he aat opposite to the old lord, saying now a word about the old lord's gout in bis legs and arms, and then about the gout in the stomach, which had carried away to another world the 1 lamented late member for the borough. M Poor Jack!" eaid Lord Tulla, piteouBly* "If I'd known it, I needn't have paid over two thousand pounds for him last year ;-need I, doctor ?" "No, indeed," said Dr. Finn, feeling that his patient might perhaps approach the subject of the borough himself. "He never would live by any rule, yon know," eaid the desolate brother. "Very hard to guide;-was he not, my lord r " The veiy deviL Now, you Bee, I do do what I'm told pretty well,-don't I, doctor ?" " Sometimes." « By George, I do nearly always. I don't know what you mean by sometimes. I've been drinking brandy-and-water till I'm sick of it, to oblige you, and you tell me about-some times. You doctors expect a man to be a slave* Haven't I kept it ont of my etomaoh ?" "Thank God, yea." "It's all very well thanking G-od, but I should have gone as poor Jack has gone, if I hadn't been the most careful man in the world. He was drinking champagne ten days ago; would do it, you know." Lord Tulla could talk about himself and his own ailments by the hour together, and Dr. Finn, who had thought that his noble patient was approaching the subject of the borough, was beginning again to feel that the double interest of the gout that was present, and the gout that . had passed away, would be too absorbing. He, however, could say but little to direct the conversation. «< Mr. Morris, you see, lived more in Lon don than you do, and was subject to tempta tion." . "I don't know what you call temptation. Haven't I the temptation of a bottle of wine under my noBe every day of my life?" "No donbt you have." « And I don't drink it. I hardly ever take above a glass or two of brown sherry. By George! when I think of it, I wonder at my own courage. I do, indeed." " But a'man in London, my lord-" " Why the deuce would he go to LondonP By-tbe-bye, what am I to do about the borough now P" ; ."Let my son stand for it, u you will, my lord." « They've clean swept away Brentford s seat at Loughton, haven't they P Ha, ha* What a nice game for him,-to have been forced to help to do it himself! There's (no body on earth I pity so muoh as a tadloal " peer who Is obliged to work like a nigger #ith p spade toshovel away the ground from under his own feqt, As for me, I don't care jrho sits for Lougbshane. I did care for poor Jack while he was alive. I don't think I shall* in terfere any longer. I am glad it lasted Jack's time." LordTulla had probably already for gotten that he himself had thrown Jack over for the last spssipn but flnf., ;. . \ ; " Phineas, my lord/' began the father, "is now Under Secretary of State." «< Oh, I've no doubt heVa' very flne fell®*; -but ^dju see, he's an out;a&*0|it Ea4fcal|* "No, my lord." " Then how can he serve with suoh men as Mr.Gresham and Mr. Monk P They're tturned out poor old Mildmay among them, beoause he's not fast enongh for them. Don't tell me/ "My anxiety, of course, is for my boy's pros* pecte. He seems to have done so well in Parliament" " Why don't he stand for Marylebone or Finsbury P" « The money, you know, my lord!" "I shan't interfere here, doctor. If he comes, and the people then choose to return him, I shall say nothing. They may do just as they please. They tell me Lambert St. George, of j Mockratb, is going tc> stand. If he doeB, it's j the d piece of impudence I ever heard of. He's a tenant of my own, though he has a j lease for ever; and his father never owned an j acre of land in the country till his uncle died." j Then the doctor knew that, with a little management, the lord's interest might be i secured for his son. Fhineas came over and stood for the borough against Mr. Lambert St. George, and the con test wbb sharp enough. The gentry of the neighbourhood could not understand why such a man as Lor<^ Tulla should admit a liberal candidate to Bucceed his brother. No one canvassed for the young Under Secretary with ! more persistent zeal than did his father, who, when Phineas first spoke of going into Par liament, had produced so many good argu I ments against that perilous step. Lord Tulla'0 1 agent stood aloof,-desolate with grief at the death of the late member. At such a moment of family affliction, Lord Tulla, he declared, could not think of such a matter as the borough. But it was known that Lord Tulla was dreadfully jealous of Mr. Lambert St. George, whose property in that part of the country was now nearly equal to his own, and who saw much more company at Mockrath than was ever entertained at Gastlemorris. A word from Lord Tulla-so said the Conserva tives of the county,-would have put Mr. St. George into the seatj but that word was not spoken, and the Conservatives of the neighbour hood swore that Lord Tulla was a renegade. The oontest was very sharp, but our hero was returned by a majority of seventeen votes. Again successful i As he thought of it he remembered stories of great generals who were said to have chained Fortune to the wheels of their chariots, but it seemed to him that the goddess had never served any general with such staunch obedience as she had displayed in his cause. Had not everything gone well with him;-so well, as almoBt to justify him in | expeoting that even yet Violet Effingham j would become his wife ? Dear, dearest Violet! If he could only achieve that, no general who ever led an army across the Alps would be his equal either in success or in the reward of success. Then he questioned himself as to what he would say to Miss Flood Jones on that very night. He was to meet dear little Mary Flood Jones that evening at a neighbour's house. His sister Barbara had so told him in a tone of voice which he quite understood to imply a caution. " I shall be so glad to see her," Phineas had replied. *' If there waB an angel on earth, it is Mary," 1 eaid Barbara Finn. " I know that she is as good as gold," said Phineas. "Gold!" replied Barbara,-"gold indeed! 1 She is more precious than refined gold. But^ Phineaa, perhaps you had better not single her out for any special attention. She has thought it wisest to meet you." " Of course," said Phineas. " Why not ?" «< That iB all, Phineas. I have nothing more to say. Men, of course, are different from girls." «That's true, Barbara, at any rate." " Don't laugh at me, Phineas, when I am thinking of nothing but of you and your interests, and when I am making all manner of excuses for you because I know what must be, the distractione of the world in which you live." Barbara made more than one attempt to renew the conversation before the evening came, but Phineas thought that he had had enough of it. He did not like being told that excuses were made for him. After all, what had be done ? He had once kissed Mary Flood Jones behind the door. "Iam so glad to see you, Mary," he said, coming and taking a chair by her side. He had been specially warned not to single Mary out for his attention, .and yet there was the chair left vacant as though it were expected that he would fell into it. . "Thankyou. We didnot happen to meet lost year, did we,-Mr. Finn P" < "Do not call me Mr. Finn, Mary." " ¥011 are such a great man now!" J' "Hot at all a great map. If you only knew what little men we under-strappers are in London you would hardly speak to me." *' But you are Bomethirig: of State now j -are ytrn not ?" *' Well {-yes. That'* the name they give me. It simply means that if any member wants to badger some one in the House about the Colonies I am the' man to be badgered. But if there is any credit to be had, I am n&t; the man who is to hare it." " But it is a great thing to be in Parliament 1 and in the Government too." "It is a great thing lor me, Mary, to have a salary, though it mayonly befot a year or two. However, I will notdeny that it is pleasant to I have been successful" I " It has been very pleasant to us, Phineas. Mamma has been so-much rejoiced." "Iameo sorry not to see her. She is at Floedborough, I suppose.'' j i " Oh, yes j-she is at home. She does 'not; like coming out at night in winter. I hpv;« been staying here, you know, for two days, bat I go home to-morroW.'' " I will ride over and call on your mother/' Then there was a pause in the conversation for a moment. " Does it not seem odd, Mary, that we should see so little of each other ?" " You are so much away, of course." "Yes;-that is the reason. But still it seems almost unnatural. I often wonder when the time will come that I shall be quietly at home again. I have to be back in my office in London this day week, and yet I have not had a single hour to myself since I have been at Killaloe. But I will certainly ride over and see your mother. You will be at home on Wednesday, I suppose." "Yea,-I shall be at home." Upon that he got up and went away, bat again in the evening he found himself near her. Perhaps there is no position more perilous to a man's honesty than that in which Fhineas now found himself 5-that, namely, of knowing himself to be quite loved by a girl whom be almost loves himself. Of course he loved Violet Effingham; and they who talk best of love protest that no man or woman can be in love with two persons at once. Fhineas was not in love with Mary Flood Jones; but he would have liked to take her in his arms and kisB her; he would have liked to gratify her by swearing that she was dearer to him than all the world; he would have liked to have an episode,-and did, at the moment, think that it might be possible to have one life in London and another life altogether different at Killaloe. " Dear Mary," he said as he pressed her hand that night, " things will get themselves settled at last, I suppose." He was behaving very ill to her, but he did not mean to behave ill. He rode over to Floodborough, and saw Mrs. Flood Jones. Mrs. Flood Jones, however, received him very coldly; and Mary did not appear. Mary had communicated to her mother her resolutions as to her futnre life. " The fact is, mamma, I love him. I cannot help it. If he ever chooses to come for me, here I am. If he does not, I will bear it as well as I can. It may be very mean of me> but it's true." 