SELECT POETBT. Death in the stbeet. What is the crowd up yonder, pray E With eager faces.; with active lungs; Words of import they seem to say, And/1 hear^a perfect Babe! i>f tongues. Make your marketings, count your gains, Bapidiy pass with hasty feet; Hie to the cab-stand! haste to the trains! 'Tis only a pauper dead in the street. Blue with the cold, drenched with the rain, On the cold stone pavement dead he lies ; His thin sad features are wrenched with pain, Hunger stares from his sunken eyes. Stoop and behold how fair the skin Beneath the tatters looped with twine; Is it just possible that within Was a soul as precious as yours or mine? Ours was the gain and his the loss; Lift the clay from the cold hard stone. Is this the shape that hung on the Cross P This poor lean burden of skin and bone. Instead of women wringing their hands With passionate prayers, with falling tears, (Oh ! Christian people in Christian lands !) Onlookers bandying jests and jeers. Cover him up and take him away— 'Tis an awful spectacle to behold ! Died by the will of God, men say; No ; but of agony, want, and cold. " Poor fellow !" the doctor says ; a phrase Repeated by merchant, parson, peer . Yes, he was poor in a thousand ways ; But what about wealth in another sphere ? (e Doubtless his faults were many and great; Doubtless he let his chances pass." Faugh! I am sick of such canting prate; A sinner smiles in each looking glass. He has broken the laws, good people cry; Divine and human his tatters show. Peradventure he erred with you and I, Only we don't let people know. I look at the face, so old, so spare, Bloodless, haggard, a ghost-like face. There are masses of gray, rough, tangled hair, Showing he came from a hardy race. Can it be true he once was young ? Can it be true he once was fair ? That his blue eyes laughed when a mother sung ? That a woman still keeps a lock of his hair ? Yellow as gold, glossy as silk, I Cut in the long, long years ago, When his forehead w as white and smooth as milk— His thoughts like the untrodden snow. When he bathed in the brook, raced on the lea, Caught small trout near the old mill-dam ; Chased the .butterfly and the bee, Played with the squirrel and the lamb. Away, ye visions that pass I repass Like clouds reflected on the sea ; Like shadows over the summer grass, Grim realities stare at me. A dead man's face, a brutal crowd, A roadway full of rain and mire ; Oh, God I let the lark and the summer cloud Be over me when I expire. 