LOCAL NEWS. 'Tub CnitisTiAN Herald.' — We are in recoipt of the November issue of this periodical. A well-written paper on 'Tho Second Coming of Christ' occupies tho first six columns of tho serial, tho views adduced by tho writcron thosubject beingaomewhatdilferentfromthoso maintained by Presbyterians in genoral. A fifth instal ment of 'From Anchor to Anchor,' by tho Kov, James Benvie, appears, and is quito as interesting a produo tion as any ef the former ones. The following are the incidents touolied upon: — ' Desperato Characters,' 'Among the Koanng Forties, ' Human weakness more powerful than raging Ocean,' and ' Many Teach ers -ono of the best, a little child.' A brief review is given of a sermon delivered by tho Kev. Dr. Lang, in Brisbano, on tho 2Gth September, entitled, 'Tho cha racteristics of tho present age identical with thoso of the ago immediately before tho Flood.' From tho ecclesiastical intelligence we leain that Mr. J. A. Stew art was licensed to preach tho gospel at tho lato meeting of the Synod of Eastern Australia. Tub Late Attempted Suicide. — In tho notice of tho lato cusp of attempted suicide, at Tattorsall's flotel, published in our lost issue, it was stated that tho rash act of Allshawn was first discovered by 'a man named Stowurt, who slept in the same room with him, from which it might have been inferred that tho latter person was some seaman or working man. Tho discovory of the deed was made by Captain Stewart, who lodges at tho above hotel. Dray Accident. -On Tuesday afternoon, as a dray, laden with stones, was proceeding up Bolton-street, to a building in course of erection on tho hill, tbo axlo snap pod, and the vchiclo and its contents suddenly came to grief. Fortunately, tho horses and tho driver escaped injury. Another dray was soon procured, aud tho load ing was speedily taken to its destination. The Late Mr. Archibald Hill.— For Uio past fort night a report has been current in this city, that the lato Mr. A. Hill, of Nowcomen-street, who was drowned about this timo twelve months, by the upsottiug of a boat in the harbour, had turned up in San Francisco, and that his wife had received a letter from him by tho last mail. We, yesterday, took tho trouble to inquire into the truth of tho report, and found that it was a pure fabrication, lo tidings whatever having reached Mrs. Hill of her lato husband. It is a pity that people have not something better to do than to be inventing absurd rumours of this character— rumours which can not possibly uo anybody any good, but which can hard ly fail to give pain. It i« to bo hoped, for the sake of tho feelings of relatives, that such idle canards will not bo repeated in future. BnUTAL Assault on a Woman.- Our police intelli gence for Tuesday— reported in to-day's impression— contains a case of singular and exceptional brutality. We refer to the case of Kobert Allan, who was very pro perly aant to guol for six months, for a most oruel and bru tal assault on Mrs. Draper, of Blano-street, Honeysuckle Point. The stick which the prisonor admitted striking Mrs. Draper with, was a great lump of colonial hard wood, some t wo feet six inohes long, and about a couple of inches square. The full details of the assault will bo found in our police report. A worse cose has not been heard by tho Newcastle Bench far a considarable time, nnd the sitting magistrate* did well to mark their senso of its enormity, by giving the prisonor tho utmost punishment it was in their power to give him. In caaei like these, it is a great pity that tho magistrates cannot order flogging. Scunafper Fish.— This fish is now 'exceedingly plentiful in the harbour — shoals of it having beon seen, within tho last fow days, in the Horseshoe, and near the steamer's wharf. On Wednesday last, Mr. S. Chap man caught a fine schmpper weighing upwards of six teen pounds, and on Saturday several good-sized ones were hooked close to tho wharves. Municipal Petitions.— Our readers will havo no tlcod in our lost issue, the petitions from residents at Wallsend, Lambton, Pit Town, Burwood, &c;, praying for incorporation. Somo surprise has been expressed at the Waratah petition not appearing at the same time. We understand that it is expected to appear in the next issue of the Government Gazette. Another Suicide. —By roforence to our polico report for Tuesday, it will be seen tbnt another unfortunate creature has recently attempted to committ suicide by cutting his throat, and also by jumping into tho har bour. Ilia name was Kilpatrick. He was' bound over to bo of good behaviour for three months. Auctioneer's Annual Meeting.— The annual moot ing for tho renewal of auctioneer's licenses, for the dis trict of Newcastle, was held at the Court-house, on Tuesday last, tho Bitting magistrates being H.Scott, Esq., P.M., and E. Purnell, Esq., J.P. Tho Bonch granted renewals to Messrs. Lochhead, Boyce, and Bo nariui. and postponed tho application of Messrs. Bishop and GlaBheen till to-day, Thursday, whon applicants would do well to bo in attendance. Pedestrianism.- By tho Melbourno Australasian of Nov. 21, wo notice that S. Houlahan is open to run any man in Victcria, half a mile, for £100 or upwards ; and that \V. Bawdy, challenges ;K. Davis to run half a milofor£S0. Tht Late Affray on Boaed the Anna Walsh.— It was rumoured in the city yesterday^ that the sum of 450, besides expenses, had to be paid to Alexaudoi Smith, the cook and Btoward of the American ship Anna Walsh, before he would consent to decline prose cuting bis assailants, Captain Drinkwater, aud his mate Stone. Tliis vessel sailed for her destination (China) yesterday, and Smith and his wife proceeds to Sydney. Had the case been magisterially investigated it is the general opinion that Captain Drinkwjter would havo been committed for trial. The Inwabd Enoiish Mail. —The K. II. steamer Avoca, having left Melbourne early yesterday (Wednes day) morning, she may be expected in Sydney tomor row (Friday) forenoon. Tho mail will therefore be de livered in Newcastle, Maitland, Slorpeth, SingletoD, and Raymond Terrace on Saturday morning. . DI8TRICT CODRT.— Tuesday, the 23rd instant, was the last' day for the issuing of plaints for the ensuing sit tings of the above court, whioh are appointed to com mence on Monday, tho 7th of noxt month. We hoar, on what wo regard as good anthority, that the court this time will be presided over by Mr. District Court Judce Dowling, and not Mr. Macfurland, aa on previous occasions. The two judges, it is said, havo changed distriots. MonDEROUS Assault in Brisbane.— It will Vie seen on reference to our 'latest intelligence,' that a frightful attack has been mado on the life of the Under Secre tary of Queensland — A. W. Manning, Esq. Many of our readers will learn with regret that tho gentleman . who has been so brutally assaulted is brother to the present Attorney -General— Sir William Manning. SnARKS.- Largo numbers of theso voracious creutures are daily to be seon in tho haibour, and one or two of considerable dimensions havo been caught near Bullock Island on Saturday*. Those who are in the linbit of bathing, either in the harbour or any whero in the Hun ter, as far up ns Maitland, ought to look out for Sharks, this being tho timo at which thoy usually visit tho rivor. The WEATnEB. — Since Saturday we have beon visited with very fine wentbor, nnd tho offeots thereof aro daily becoming more visible. The roads in the suburbs and throughout the district — whioh the late rains considera bly marred— havo been dried up, and are now in an ex cellent state ; the gardens and orohards aro also in a fino condition, nnd fruit will, in all probability, be vory pleutiful this season. The Homeward English Mails- -Tho mail for Great Britain via Panama, will be despatched from Sydney on Wednesday, the 2nd, and those via Suez, on Saturday, the Sth proximo. St. Andrew's Day.- -The Colonial Secretary notifies in Tuesday's Oazttte. ttfat Monday next, being St. An drew's Day, will be observed as a public holiday in tho Government departments. Apparition. — A report is current that the apparition of a woman clothed in white, has recently been seen on tho Breakwater Bench. The object, it is said, makes its appearance between the hours of nine nnd twelve at night, and has been witnessed by a number of people from the hill. In oho or two instances the spectators have descended tho cliff and Rono close up to whore the 'ghost' was last noticed, but, ns is usually tho case with ghosts, nothing whatever was to be seon. If tho ghost is really a female we hope that, in future, she will Irann Vtnf^At* linuia Grassing the Sandhills,— The brush fence to pre vent the encroachment of the sand, the commencement of which was notified in the Chronicle a week or two baok, is now nearly completed. It is by far the best job of the kind ever attempted, nnd appears to us likely to answer the end the Government haveinviow. Two double ladders have been erected so as not to exclude pe destrians from gotting across to tho beach without going round by tho cliff at tho top of Watt-street. The New Oar. — Yesterday was quito a gala day amongst the Newcastle cabmon, tho occasion being the celebration of the first day's running of the new cab, tho making of which was recently noticed in this jour nal. The whole of the cabmen had blut ribbon attach ed to their whips, and a ' special ' jaunt round the city was miu\e in honor of tho 'distinguished event.' The maker's health was repeatedly drunk in the best ' British' Newcastlo could produce. Seniob-Serqeant Oonway.— We regret to learn that this very courteous and efficient officer is at present suf fering from a sharp attack of rheumatic fever. He has been for several days unable to attend to his ordinary duties, and it will be at least several more before he will be in a position to resume them. The attack being re garded as only a temporary one. no change in the polico arrangements (pending his recovery) is contemplated. Austin and Boao. — The former of these well-known pedestrians, in company with two of his friends, atten ded at this ofBco on Tuesday afternoon lost, and waited for somo considerable time, in tho hopes of making a ' matoh.' His opponent, however, failed to put in an appearance, nnd the ' Champion ' had to return as ho came. Wo nclieve tbero is now no chance of a match being arranged betweon them, but for what reason wo cannot exactly learn, unless, indeed, it be this, that al though Boag considers he could beat Austin for a mile now, he is afraid that he should not be uble to do so in a month's time. Lecture at the Courthouse.— Last ovening, Mr. T. Forster delivered a looture in the Courthouse, on the ' Geology of cool formations.' The chair was occupied, by W. Keene, Esq. Tho lecturer, in the courso of his remarks, glanced at tho leading facts connected with coal forma tions throughout tho world, and then proceeded to dis cuss at considerable length tho thory of the origin of coal, arguing strongly in favour of that which traces it to decayed vegetable matter. At the conclusion of the lecture a vote of thanks was acoordod to Mr. Forster, on tho motion of Mr. Aid. Kodgers, seconded by F. S. M'Dermott, Esq. A veto of thanks to the chairman brought the proceedings to a close. The attendance was vory limited. The Member fob Noiithujiderland.— Wo have heard, but cannot vouoh for tho truth of the assertion, that Mr. Tigho has confirmed tho report which recently appeared in our columns, extraotod from tho Singleton Times, viz., that in the evont of a general eleotion ho does not intend to offer himself for ro-eleotion as a member of Parliament. If tho roport is witout founda tion, Mr. Tigho will doubtless tako tho opportunity of denyng it to his friends before leaving town a^ain for Sydnoy. Mr. itORBRT McDonald.— We regret to loarn that the henlth of Mr. Kobert McDonald, Manager of the Commercial Bank, Armidalo, formerly of West Mait land, is still in a very indifferent state. He is at present at Mauley Bench, nnd contemplates, we bolievo, a voyage to tho mother country, provided arrangements to that effect can bo made. His medical advisors say that a trip to Great Britain would materially benefit Ills health, as, indeed, such an alteration usually docs in the ooko of persons who nro afflicted with complaints of a similar nature to that of Mr. McDonald's. The Vineyards.— Notwithstanding the injury thnt has been dono to the Hunter River Vineyards by tho severe hailstorm which rmssed over the district about a month ago, wo nro glad to learn thnt thero is overy prospect of there boing an excellent wine orop this year. The Dnlwood, Kinross, Porphory, and Cawnrrn Vino yards promise remarkably well -there being a profu sion of grapes at each of them. Tho smaller vineyards In other parts of tho above district are also well spoken of. The Latb Fatal Accident in Wolfe-street.— We understand that Mrs. Coucher has commenced an action against tho Borough Council for compensation for the loss of her husband, Charles Coucher, who died from the effects of falling over the retaining wall in Welfo-street. Damages bavo been laid nt £200, nnd the cose is to bo tried at tho onsuiug sittings of tho Newcastle District Court. Brilliant Meteor.— On Sunday evening, about a quarter-past nine o'clock, an unusually brilliant meteor passed across the hoavenB, in a south-easterly direction, when first scon it resembled a vivid flash of lightning, whioh was repeated threo times. Tho meteor then burst somowhat in the form of an exploding rocket, and tra velled with great velocity. It was visiblo for nearly a quarter of n minute, and so refulgent was it that for two or three seconds after the) flood of light it emittod, it obscured tho light of tho moon, which shono brightly at the time. Telegraphic Communication with Dungog. —About two years ago an cffoit was mado to get a sum of money placed upon the estimates for defraying tho exponce of constructing a telograph line from Morpeth to Dungog, a distance of about thirty-five miles ; but the objoot was not nccomplisheds tho Government having refused to grant tho money. Tho residents of the Upper Willinmi still feel that a telegraph station at Dungog is much needed, nnd somo of them nre clamorous, for the -boon, but thero npponrs to be lack of energy in them to prose oute the matter to a successful issue Had the parlia mentary representative for the district, Mr. Nowlan, properly urged open the Government tbo propriety of extending the wire to Dungog, we believo tho work would have been completed by this timo, but when matters are gono about jn a lukewarm manner a failure is generally the result. In all probability another ap plication will be made on the subject when parliament meets. Bonouou Council.— Tho intended meeting of tho Borough Council School of Arts and Free Library Com mittee, called for lost evening, lapsed for want ef a quo rum. Aid. Kodgeri, Bolton, nnd the Mayor were tho only mombers of the committo prcaent at the expiration of the usual half-hours grace. Aid. Christie arrivod immediately after the Mayor had adjourned the intendid meeting, and Alder-men Pnrnoll nnd Winship wero in attendance shortly afterwards. Another meeting wiu arranged for Friday ovening, at seven o'clock. A National Anthem job Australia.— A writer in Tuesdnv's Herald, signing himself 'A. W.,u suggests that Mr. Tennyson be requested to write thpivoiils.uml Professor Stormdnle Bonnet, the music of nn Australian national anthem. He says there is 'no reason why -/ such an anthem should not bo written ; for, however much we all love to hear 'God Bavo the Queen,' it 'is. .,-,/ so purely English it seeniB hardly to suit Australia, who' ' is great enough, and distinct enough, to have an anthem ofherowo.' i ,, . . , ,.u iO'i ? '?- 1 