LEAVES FROM OUR NOTE-BOOK. 'The Melbourne Age has a slashing article upon the candidates at the late election, and: is specially severe upon "recreant Ministerialists" —that is members who went over from the Ministerial to the Constitutional side. Most of them were defeated at the recent elections, and the jAgt puts the lot in the pillory. , Mr. ' Nathaniel Levi " has one quality—he was the most'detostable man in the House—hated more by his own party than by his opponents." Dr. Heath is "a priggish individual, who went into : the House under false pretences, and having • disappeared is not worth discussing." Mr. Halfey and Mr. Evans "were useless as politicians, and as mere voting machines were unreliable"—and so on through the list. r The MelbourneEconomist cuts up the Argus \ most unmercifully, remarking that it "has been [ 1 suddenly arrested.in its career, and suffers from premature .decay j" that "it is only the ghost i of its: former self, and no longer receives, and no longer deserves, the confidence of the people." The Economist writes from the pro tectionist point of view, and denounces the free-1 trade policy of the Argus as "intensely stupid." , , ! " The total number of electors on the rolls for the Legislative Assembly of Victoria is 116,164. The total number of members of the Assembly is 78. Of these 7 were returned unopposed, the remaining 71 being returned by 61,616 voters. , The Ministry polled 32,728 votes, and gained . thereby 54 seats; the Constitutional, party ■ polled 28,838 vot es, and only secured thereby 17 ' seats. The strength of the Government in Par liament is therefore vastly greater than their strength in the country. This astonishing result i has revived the demand for a -."representation of minorities." | .'The Victorian Customs returns for 1867, show • that whilst £40,052 worth of flour was imported , during the year, £75,849 worth was exported; :i .wheat being imported to. the value of £65,941, !;-■ and exported to the value of £31,856; ■ so that, 'addingwheat and flour together, the balance was slightly in favor ofexports. This is, if ac .curate, an extraordinary development of the . .agricultural interest across the borders. "During 1867, live stock to the value of £565,216, was imported into Victoria from New South . . Wales. The value of' horned cattle" was .£361,874; of horses, £33,762; and of sheep, £159,418. Beferringto the frequent cases of spontaneous' . combustion of wool, a writer in the Australa sian says, that nothing is more common than jfor lucifer;matches to be dropped by shearer^ when at ;wdrk, the matches thus getting pressed in the bales. He recommends that no matches, except safety matches, be ever allowed on sheep stations at shearing time. ; A Commission appointed to consider the best means of preserving the forests of Vic toria, report to the effect that there are, in that colony, 5,000 square miles covered with white gums, 3,000 of red gums, 30,000 of stringy bark, 14,000 of peppermint and small varieties of eucalypti, 14,000 of mallee scrub, &c.; Yet the Board report that owing to the reckless wastefulness to which these forests are exposed, special legislation is necessary to preserve them from eventual disappearance. The Sydney Empire contains frequent .re ferences to the depressed condition of the colony of New South "Wales. Paupers are said to swarm in every large township, and hordes of predatory beggars are traversing the country in all directions. j . The New South Wales Government have- re moved two Magistrates, named Charles and Emery, from the Commission of the Peace. Their fault was- persistent obstructiveness- to the Municipal Corporation of Kiama. The Paramatta and Tarban Creek (New South Wales) Lunatic Asylums contain 1,200 lunatics, who cost the State £28,000 a-year. - The Mayor of Boyren, Queensland, is being prosecuted-for misusing certain moneys sent him when he was in business some time ago. ; Our old acquaintances' the. Glasablowers and the Gourlays are drawing crowded houses in Launceston. ••• ' Many South Sea Islanders have been imported as laborers in Queenslani They engage to serve t their employers for affixed term, and are paid atTrates varying from 12s, to £1 per month, with rations. . / California is at present devoting very great at tention to wine-malting, .extraordinary, care being taken in the selection of the best varieties of the vine, and in the adoption of the most improved methods of wine-making. The vintage of 1866 was 2,000,000 gallons. 