THE PRINCE'S VISIT TO AUSTRALIA. THE inclement weather which, prevailed when our last issue went to press, prevented many of the arrangements* made in connection with EKH.'s visit from being carried into effect the parliamentary picnic, trip to the Hawkesbury, torchlight procession, and Sailors* Home picnic were all postponed unti* after his return from Queensland. Several days were thus left at the Prince's disposal, and were devoted to attending to the refit of his Bhip, visits t© Waterloo, Botany, Paddington, the Fort-street model school, the infirmary, Randwick orphanage, the gaol, museum, and houses of parliament wore severally inspected by the Prince and party. On the evening of the 21st they embarked on board H.M.S. Challenger, Commodore Lam- bert, and cleared the Heads about sundown en route for Bris- bane. Nothing worthy of note happened on the voyage, and on the afternoon of the 24th, Moreton Island was rounded, and the frigate entered the waters of Queensland. At daylight next morning a signal from the Observatory announced that Prince Alfred was in Brisbane Roads. About 7 a.m. His Excellency, the Acting Governor, and the members of the Executive left Brisbane in the Government steamer Kate to bring the visitor to the city. The steamers Emu, Mary, and Brisbane followed soon after, but owing to the early hour had few passengers. Nothing noteworthy occurred. On arriving in the bay, the Challenger was observed dressed with flags, the Royal Standard flying at the main. At the same time His Royal Highness left the Challenger in the ship's gig, accompanied by Commodore Lambert and Messrs. Brierly and Haig, and went on board the Kate., Directly the Prince got on board, the Royal standard was hoisted at the Kate's mainmast, and the men of the Chal- lenger manned the yards, while the guns thundered forth a , Royal salute. The Kate then went ahead, and followed by the Emu, Mary, and Ipswich, passed round the Challenger's bows, and stood for the bar, the Emu on the Kate's port quarter, the Mary on the other quarter, and [the Ipswich bringing up the rear. The Brisbane and Emma had also gone down to the bay with the view of forming part of the escort, but were unable to take their places in the procession as intended. When the boats neared the beacons they were joined by the Nowra (s.), but after a time she dropped astern. The ships in the bay dis- played all their bunting, and the Flying Cloud and Southern Empire fired guns as the Kate passed them. The Proserpine, police hulk, was gaily dressed with flags, and as the steamers passed she saluted by dipping her ensign. At Lytton the flags on the wharf and boat-shed were dipped as the. steanaers went by. About a mile further up the river the Black Diamond met' the flotilla, and giving hearty cheers took her position astern between the Emu and Ipswich, but she was left behind in the next reach. At the Hamilton a large number of ladies on horseback were seen, who, immediately on making out the Kate, gaMoped off towards town, apparently with the view of announcing that the Prince was on his way up to Brisbane. On the green bank just below Breakfast Creek a detachment of the Volunteer Artillery had placed three of their fi eld-pieces in position, and as the Kate approached commenced tiring a salute. On seeing this the boat slackened speed, and finally stopped until the salute was finished. The guns were then limbered up, and the detachment started for town at a rattling pace. The yacht, Hamlet's Ghost, was at anchor off Newstead, and decked out with innu- merable flags. On her side a cloth had been fixed, on which were the words, " Welcome to the Sailor Prince," worked in flowers. She, too, dipped her ensign and fired a salute. The town presented a very festive appearance as the steamers rounded Kangaroo Point. The Witch of the Tees,. barque, the steamers Queensland, Clarence, Williams, and Leichhardt, the Pearl, surveying schooner, and one of the pilot schooners were lying in the stream, all dressed in holiday attire. The Kate passed inside of this line of vessels direct to the stage, where she made fast. THE LANDING. The spot selected by the Government as that on which the j Prince should make his official landing, was admirably suited for the occasion, easy of access from the streets, and could be approached by large numbers of people without in any way injuring the Botanical Gardens. The first event which occiu'red was the arrival of the carriage intended for H.RH. the Duke of Edinburgh during his stay in Queensland, drawn by four handsome iron-grey horses. Scarcely had the public curiosity been satisfied with an inspection of the carriage, when, about ten minutes to twelve o'clock, the sound of the salute being fired at Breakfast Creek was distinctly heard, and every one at once began speculating upon the probable number of minutes which must elapse before the Prince would arrive. About eleven o'clock the different bodies of men who were to take part in the procession began to assemble. The Masons were first, after them came the City Fire Brigade, the Associated Trades, Oddfellows, Foresters, &c.; These were formed in their proper order by the marshal, Mr. E. Macdonnell, and marched ' to the front of the carriage intended for His Boyal Highness. About ten niinutes past twelve the Bight Kev. the Anglican Bishop, the Bight Rev. the Catholic Bishop, his Honor the Chief Justice, his Honor Justice Lutwyche, in their robes, the J Hon. the Acting-President of the Legislative Council, the Hon. the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, and other prominent members of the community, appeared. . A good ringing cheer was given t» His Royal Highness as he took his seat in the carriage. On the procession arriving at the gate leading to Government House, the different bodies closed up and took the side of the street, allowing the carriages to pass on. The No. 1 Company Volunteers Ipswich Company, and the Volunteers were drawn up in line on each side the roadway, extended at three paces between each man, so as to form a cordon from the gate up to Government House. When His Royal Highness arrived, the whole presented arms, and after the carriages had passed in, the procession broke up. In the afternoon His Royal Highness held a levee, and attended the Caledonian Game3, and in the evening he was present at a concert. On Wednesday His Royal Highness visited Ipswich; The town was decorated, and some of the decorations were very pretty. About 4000 persons, including a large number of equestrians, assembled. The equestrians went down the road, met the Prince at some distance, and accompanied him back. The procession arrived at Limestone Hill shortly after twelve o'clock noon, where the Mayor and Aldermen met His Royal Highness and presented an address. The address was taken aa read. The children belonging to the different schools of the town, to the number of 1500, were assembled at this point, and when the Prince arrived they sang the national anthem. On the conclusion of the hymn the Prince drove off at a smart pace to the station, followed by the horsemen in considerable dis- ' I ; PRINCE ALPRRD IW NEW 'SOUTH WALKS-TRIOMPHAL ARCH KRKCTB1» AT JUNCTION OF KINO- AND MACQUARIE STKBBTS. order. On arriving at the triumphal .ireh afc the entrance to the town a crowd had assembled, who greeted His Royal Highness with cheers. At tne ««,thev triumphal areli near the station there were few persons assembled to receive him. On the Prince's arrival at the station, a royal salute of twenty-one guns was fired. His Royal Highness remained about half an hour to breakfast, and started for Toowoomba about one o'clock. The railway train was very handsomely decorated. At a little before dusk the train ran into the Toowoomba' station, but the party did not leave the carriages. There were a few people on the platform who cheered the Prince, and after- wards gave three groans for Mr. Mackenzie, the premier, whom they considered as the cause of the Prince's not waiting to receive any addresses; the result was, that some three thousand persons of all classes attended the bur ning in ciSgy of: Messrs. Mackenzie and Palmer. A mock trial took place at tho School of Arts, after which, the effigies were carried in procession through thc streets. Unanimity of action was very general, the Germans being very bitter in their expressions. The proceed- ings were closed by singing " Old John îh-own." After the requisite delay of about a quarter of an hour tko train started again, reaching Jondaryan at nine o'clock. The Prince was accommodated at thc station master's house, the vest maiv.gip.g as they best could. Dinner was served in a temporary struc- ture, and a number of the neighboring sqinitttsi'3 who had boen invited dined with the Duke. A rather humorous incident occurred aftvr tko regular toasts had been duly honored. Mr. 'Arthur Hodgson, as one of the «.'«-liest .squattera on the Do«-II 3, rose to " m ike a few remarks," holding in his hand a tolerably sized bush damper, which, after some graphic and feeling allu- sions to old times, he desired permission to present to the royal visitor as a symbol of the past. His Royal Highness was graci- ously pleased to signify his acceptance of the token, adding at the simo time tho hope that, as he had alrcacby partaken of a good ' dianer, it might be ' ' taken as eaten. " It was arranged that, next morning at daylight, horses should bc brought from Messrs. Kent aud Wienholt's for au emu hunt by tho Prince and his party. The. former expressed himself intensely delighted with this arrangement, and was out ou tho platform at half-past five in the morning, booted and spurred, gun in hand, ready for a start. No horses, however, arrived, and the royal sportsman, who had evidently set his heart on the run, could not conceal Lis disappointment. After breakfast tho train started on thc return trip. Arriving at Toowoomba, thc Prince and party alighted, and drove -hurriedly through tho town. On reaching Hight!olds station there was a stoppage for lunch, after which the train proceeded without further interruption, and reached Ipswich soon after three. A ball took place in the evening at the School of Arts. The Duke of Edinburgh, who arrived at ten o'clock, danced the iirst quadrille with Mrs. George Harris, and the waltz which followed with Mrs. J. P. Bell, after which he rel ired. His Acting Excellency Captain O'Connell, Commo- dore Lambert, Mr. Brierly, Mr. Mackenzie, and Mr, Palmer, were present. Dancing was kept up with spirit till about three o'clock. Early on thc morning of the 2Sth, Ilia Royal Highness, accom. parried'by Captain O'Connell, Commodore Lambert and suite, started for Brisbane, driving a team of handsome bays supplied "by Cobb and Co. After attending the races and the ball at Brisbane on Friday, and laying the foundation stone of the Grammar School or Saturday morning, the Duke of Edinburgh left at twelve o'clock the Kate, escorted by other steamers, taking him down to th< Challenger. The steamers drew near H.M.S. Challenger about two o'clock The Challenger was gaily dressed with Hags, and flew the Roya Standard at her main, and the Avhite ensign at her mizen. Hei yards were manned with seamen, and as the Kate dropped he: anchor, several boats put off from the man-of-war and weu alongside her. The Commodore's gig also put off and waite< alongside until the Prince and suite were ready to embark About three o'clock, the Prince having' bid farewell to all oi board tho Kate, entered the gig, aud accompanied by Commo dore Lambert, Mr. Brierly, ;": L Lieutenant Haig, was rowel alongside the Challenger. Aa soon as be stepped on board th gangway, the guns thundered out a Rcryal salute, and the bani played the national anthem. Thc Duke at once went below, am did not show himself again. The gay flags with which th vessel was decorated, disappeared as if by magic, Tile Ipswio sailed round the Challenger once more, and her passenger loudly cheered His Royal Highness before returning home wards. As soon as her anchor was weighed, the Challenge commenced to steam slowdy away, and by twenty minutes pas three had fairly started on her voyage for Sydney, and oleare Cape Moreton at G.30 p.m. The other steamers then made til best of their way homewards, and so ended the Prince's visit í Queensland. Amongst the presents made to His Royal Highness the Duli of Edinburgh, previous to his departure from Queensland, wei some books, and, accompanying the books, a carefully prepare table, showing the vital statistics of the colony from the ye; 1SC0 to the present time ; and other valuable tables, showir in a small space the progress of tho colony. It is very neat' printed in colours, and so arranged as to give a large quantil of information in a small space. The books consist of " Prino Statutes," handsomely bound in vellum, and elaborately orn mented with gold. A complete edition of "Hansard," bom in green morocco, also handsomely ornamented. Mr. Silvest Diggles' work on the ornithology of Queensland, bound in r< morocco, gilt. There is au illuminated title, and a short dei .catory address to His Royal Highness attached to this volum The " Queensland Atlas," bound in coloured calf, and " Pugi Queensland Almanac for 1SGS," also bound in morocco and c namentcd with gold. The "Statutes of Queensland" and t volumes of "Hansard " are bound in a somewhat similar ma uer to the copies of those works which obtained a medal at t Paris Exhibition. On the evening- of the 2nd inst, the Challenger returned Sydney, and about 9 p.m. His Royal Highness arrived Government House. At 5 p.m. the following day, the Prim accompanied by Earl Belmore, Commodore Lambert, Lo Newry, Lieutenant Haig, and Mr. Martin, Mr. Wilson, a Mr. Docker, embarked on board thc H. R.S.N. Co.'s steau' Morpeth, which had been placed at the disposal of tho Prhv and specially fitted up for tho occasion. The vessel at oi: proceeded on her voyage to Newcastle, where she arrived abc eleven o'clock. A royal salute was iired. The voyagers land and proceeded to the Great Northern Hotel. The official hu ingtook place at 10 a.m. on the 4th. The Prince, accompanied by His Excellency Earl Bclmo Viscount Newly, Lieutenant Hiiig, Captain Beresford, i Hons. J. Martiu, J. B. _ Wilson, J. Docker, W. M. Arno Speaker of tho Legislative Assembly, and Commodore La bert, were received at the vessel's side by thc Mayor and Aid men of Newcastle ; the Right Rev. Dr. Tyrrell, Bishop of ?,\ castle ; the Right Rev. Dr. Murray, ll. C. Bishop of Maiti.u: Mr. Dodds, M. E.A., Mayor of East Maitland ; Mr..Leo, M.v of West Maitland; Mr. Jaques, Mayor of Morpeth; j Munro, Mayor of Singleton ; Messrs^ Cooper, Wisdom, E ford, and Lee, members of the Legislative Assembly ; the Ile Mr. Selwyn, Mr. D. Boyd, Mr. Millard, Mr. Chapman, 1 Simm, Mr. J. Spicer Wood, Mr. Coutts, Mr. Stcrton, Mr. B; Mr. Nairn, MivE. C. Pritchard, and Mr. Canon C. Walsh, reaching thc arch formed by the coal trophy the mayor o£ eifcy, Mr. Harnell, read the address I * To His .Royal Highness Prince Alfred Ernest Albert, Duke of Edinburgh, Knight of the most honorable Order of the Garter, &c;, &c;, &c.; May it please your Eoyal Highness, We, as the mayors, aldermen, and burgesses of the respective boroughs of Newcastle, East Maitland, West Maitland, Mor- peth, and Singleton, and on behalf >f the warden aod members of the Maitland District Council, and the inhabitants of the Hunter River District generally, beg most respectfully to bid your Royal Highness welcome ibo this important portion of the colony of New South Wales. We can assure your Royal Highness, that in no part of the British dominions has her Most Gracious Majesty more loyal ¡ and devoted subjects than the inhabitants of ellis district, and that by nona are the many virtues of the late Prince Consort, your Royal Highness's illustrious father, held in more esteem and affectionate remembrance and admiration. We further desire that your Royal Highness will accept of our assurance that, not only as the sou and representative of our beloved Queen, do we rejoiee in your presence among us, but that we heartily. welcomo yon personally as the Sailor Prince of our country-a character always dear to Britons and for the many estimable qualities we have already learnt to recognize in your Royal Highness. We trust that your Eoyal Highness will bo gratified with the inspection of our district, rich as it is in mineral, agricultural, and pastoral resources, and that you will carry back with you to our distant fatherland a pleasant recollection of your visit to the Hunter River and to this colony. JAMES HANN ULT., Mayor of Newcastle, ALEXANDER DODDS, Mayor of East Maitland, JOHN- LEE, Mayor of West Maitland, CHARLES E. JAQUES, Mayor of Morpeth, ALEXANDER MUNRO, Mayor of Singleton. His Royal Highness rea'd the following reply : Gentlemen, the cordial unanimity and kindly feeling towards me which seems to prevail among you has very much increased the pleasure I experienced from the hearty welcome that has greeted my arrival on the shores of the Hunter. The universal assurances of loyalty to which my arrival in these colonies has given occasion will be the source of sincere gratification to the Queen, aud this gratification will be very considerably increased by observing how general and how deep is the reverence in which the memory of my dear father is held by the people of Australia. I am well aware that this is one of the wealthiest and most important portions of New South Wales, "rich in mineral, agricultural, and pastoral resources ;" it is, therefore, with no small interest that I have looked forward to this visit, nor have I any doubt that I shall carry away with me as pleasing an impression of the country as I have already received of its inhabitants. ALFRED. To the mayors, aldermen, and burgesses of the boroughs of New- castle, East Maitland, West Maitland, Morpeth, and Single- ton ; the warden and members of the Maitland District Coun- cil ; and the inhabitants of the Hunter River District. Thc Prince took his place in his carriage, and the procession having been formed iu the following order : - The Fire Brigade, The Band, The M. U. of Oddfellows, G abreast, ' The G. U. 0. of Oddfellows, ditto, The Ancient Order of Druids, ditto, The Ancient Order of Foresters, ditto, The Band of the Sons of Temperance, The Sons of Temperance, o' abreast. \- Thc Guard of Honour. The Carnages of His Royal Highness and Suite. The Clergymen, Magistrates, and Vice-Consuls of the District, ü abreast. The Mayors and Aldermen of the various Boroughs of the Hunter Biver District, 6 abreast, Tho "Citizens, 6 abreast, proceeded along Hunter-street, to the Australian Agricultural Company's Bridge, then back into Bolton-street by Church-street, and down Watt-street to tho Great . Northern Hotel, where thc i 'i ince soon afterwards upreared on the balcony. School children iü large numbers, drawn up in front of tho hotel, 'commenced tc sing tho National Anthem. The girls in tire lïetormatory School sang also theNational Anthem from, the boundary of their estab- lishment in Cliin\'!i-.sv.¡'cet Shortly after eleven o'clock- the Prince and party went bj special train to thc Mine of the Australian Agricultural Com- pany, where th ty were received, by .-Mr.: Merewether, the general superintendent. Arter watching tho process of raising the coals the Prince, the Governor, Lord Newry, and Gaptair Beresford, went down tho shaft, when --Mr. Winship shewed and explained the process of.-getting ont-coals from the seam. Having examined a considerable portion of -the mine, the partj returned to the sin f.tco, and were .speedily- back to Newcastle. At one o'clock His Royal Highness held a levee, when a con siderable number of the residents-of the district paid respects to the Prince. At three o'clock His Royal Highness and party embarked ot hoard the Morpeth, and proceeded up tho river, followed bj thc Coonanbara and City of Newcastle, both- of which were crowded with passengers. The people assembled on the banks of the river exhibited their loyalty by the firing of guns, &c.; Ki« Royal Highness gracefully .acknowledged the cheers witl which his appearance was greeted. At about half-past five o'clock the ¡.'.teamer hauled alongside the wharf at Morpeth where an immense number of people were awaiting her arrival When His Royal Highness stepped on the wharf the Mayor o. Morpeth welcomed him. .The party then proceeded to the car riamos which .-.?waited them. As soon as the procession com men ced to move, a salute of twenty-one guns was fired by th members of the Newcastle Naval Brigade. Wheu the Princi reached the arch opposite the Courthouse the school childrei Gang a few bars of the National Anthem. A few minutes after Avards tho railway station was reached, and on the visitor taking their '.-.eats the train moved off to East Maitland. Her another crowd had assembled, and manifestations of loyalty a enthusiastic as those of Morpeth and Newcastle were displayed The train saon after drove back to Newcastle, where th royal navvy passed the night. 'Cn the evening, Newcastle, East and West Maitland, am Morpeth, were brilliantly illuminated. At Newcastle thepolic office, th o bank, hotels, and large houses of business exhibite large gas illuminations. On the North Shore three large bor fires were burning nearly all night, and at intervals there wei displaj's of rockets. The steamer Coonanbara, which had followed the Morpet from Newcastle, was illuminated with lanterns, thc line of he hull ami paddle boxes being marked by red and green lamp; j producing a most pleasing effect ; and she also had a good dh play of rockets and blue lights. At an carly hour on Friday morning the Prince and suite le: j Newcastle by train f.r Singleton, where the j- arrived about hal past niue o'clock. His Royal Highness, accompanied by tl: Governor, entered the carriage of Mr. W. J. Dangar, and tl procession ai; once moved through the town. On reaching tl Mechanics' Instilnre a number of children sang the Nation; Anthem very creditably. At the termination of the singh the Prince and party alighted and went iuto the Mechanic Hall, where they partook of some refreshments, inscribed their names in the visitors' book, then drove back to the railway station, and left for Maitland. The train stopped opposite the Court House in East Mait- land, and on stepping on the platform His Royal Highness was received by the Mayor, who, on behalf'of 'the inhabitants, offered his congratulations on the occasion of the-róyal visit. A salute of twenty-one guns was fired by the Naval Brigade, and His Royal Highness entered his state carriage. The procession then moved through East Maitland to. High-street, West Mait- land ; entering the latter, hundreds of people lined the road- way, and cheered the royal visitor. On reaching the triumphal arch in West Maitland, the Mayor welcomed His Royal High- ness to the town, and then took part in the procession, whieh was arranged in the following order :- -, Volunteer Eire Brigade. Manchester Unity Order of Oddfellows. Grand United Order of Oddfellows. Ancient Order of Foresters. Druids. . ..? Sons of Temperance. . : , ; Guurd of Honor. r .'- ,, . -H.. IÍ: H. Tins DUKE OF EDINBURGH AND SUITE.... , s ~ Guard of Honor. . \- "J Bishops and Clergy of all denominations. Y " , \- ^Mayors', und .Aldermen of East and West Maitland, < \- "«.'.' . i. - i ;,! ' Newcastle, and Morpeth. , ; . , -, Warden and District Councillors. . . * ...>.. Members of Reception Committee. . . . , ' ' ;': . ; 1 Carriages with two horses. ' ' . .. Carriages with one horse. ' ?, : r,'. Horsemen. ? - { . r1 Ranged along High-street were a large number of school chil- dren evidently delighted to soe tho Prince, whom they cheered heartily. When the Prince's carriage reached the Northumber- land.Hotel, His Royal Highness catered for refreshments, and shortly after arrived at the racecourse to open the Agricultural Show. He was received by the President of the Agricultural Association, Mr. Wyndham, who pointed out to the Royal visitor the principal exhibits. At the invitation of the com- mittee, the party then proceeded to the large marquee and took luncheon. The Mayor of West Maitland, Mr. John Lee, on behalf of the residents, presented the Governor with an address expressive of loyalty to the Queen and respect for his Excel- lency personally. His Excellency responded in appropriate terms. Having au engagement in Sydney for the evening, His Royal Highness left at two o'clock, returned to the railway station, and was conveyed back to Newcastle. At 3 P.M. the party re-embarked on board the Morpeth, which at once started for Sydney, where she arrived at half--; past eight, and enabled the Prince to attend the complimentary . concert given to Mrs. M.eillon at the Exchange. 