..' ,, ;!MSETIN.ftIN THE BUSH.; ' Of course/ said an oW stockman; between the' whiffs' of 'his pipe, as' he sat comfortably by.thefire.of the-Stag's Head, ip the township, ,of M ? -' of course, in an old country like New South Wales; tiereare plenty of yaruBito be cot, fit for .making into books ; but who is ;to get them, ariSwhd ib cfo'writo';; the' .books !? That's the question.' ; : ?.'-.-,','.,' .. '?[',. . ..'. , .,..-, And this was by.no means a foolish remark' : for whereas nothing iB more oommon than ? to read of people, sitting down and' telling stories to each other .'jvithaii ease and precision that1 wbrild make the fortune of an , ordinary . circu 'latinglibrary^yi);^^' fact is nothing' is ' so irare'rte i to' find a* person who can give a detailed account, on the spur of the moment,' of 'any interestiqg.'ove'nt.wliich Ke1 may liaviL'met with ,in the course of his life, r ?? He will, say, ' Yos, I knew all about it 'at jtift. time. But the whjolc matter lies,ina nut^helL The husband, you. see, was' murdered — the wife married again— aiipVeversine'e that 'time his ghost :has been seen at nighttime; drawing.. been in : the cellar, juB(rhsrhe 'used to''d6- when -he was alive ; and that's about the whole of the^matter, as ifaraafI:carirecoBect.' '?-'? ':'^'-- ' ????'?'? ^ ' ??, Sbmethihg of this sort it was which I. said to the old, stock-rider, in the sitting-room of. the Stag's' Head, and he '.adriiitted that he fnever was a 'good un' himse_lf 'at^.'telling stories. . Still, he . hadn't 'gone about the . colq nie's for the last forty years with his eyes shut, and he thought he could remember an incident of life in New. South Wales .yvhich w^ojild just suit me. ?'?'?' '?'??' '? * ?? : '?'!'? ? ' ' ? Many years agohe was travelling -through- the counb^ some forty finJlesVfrom Sydney- in' compkny^wilh't'wovs£rangefs'wh*6 ha^ not been long in the coliony, and .who .were on the look out for a cattle ruin ? Through ma5yymiles of'yaried''country: tho travellers passed until they came' to' one o'f the. outsido cattle, stations. Here they found a house of better appearance .than usual. It was' well built of : slabs,' and it contained several apartments, which was' a rarity ; for at the stations generally the huts' Were 'of : one room each, and the sleeping accommodation consisted of .sheepskins and old clothes spread, across the,floor.from one side to the other. T Biitthe improved'appearance of the' dwell ing-place which the travellers had now reached was soon explained. The stockman; who had dismounted/ had scarcely: reached' the ,door,l ?when -wi-young; woman stepped forward ; and not only was this an agreeable Bight in itself, but it_ seemed most particularly' to' astonish bnevof Jthe two strangsiv..wIio,,J&fter;»Jooldug hard .at .-the young woman's 'fott»t't»elaint«dr^ »'- '?' What 1 old John Brien'sdaughter in this ..out-of-the-way place 1 -rQbbd ^heavens ! what shall. a»fl jCQmfl^agaiBs jtSStX. ^m ?^??axawa Ilis OTmpanion, to-),^had- bean*truckjj(c thei appearance of one of his^^wn- country womea in the far- off-bush, and as, he was in- advance of i the other he began to enquire of her. by what accident so ' favourable a. representative of old Ireland had thus reached the outside boundaries of .civilization. ..,?.,. I' We have' 'been' transport' 'began the young woman sadly ;- but at this moment she fijjed her eyes' on the other visitor, arid thoh she uttered his name—' Captain O'Connel !' twithjj^tonishraent^^^.^M.^,^. ilT.. ,-.,.. ?jOaptjjia^O'Gonnel, who saved our Uves,' she went on — ' arMitowjatanding at this doojl .What a sight for my. -husband' this blessed ilay !' . . ~* Tne1PfnCTuiB9r1B'-w1lall'c-AUe(l fthe'Hravel lers were welcomed, with unuustakeable'plEa'-' sure ; and the'fe'a; tfie damper,' and- the fried beef- steak were more abundant than ever. Tho husband, too, tried his hand successfully at brewing w^w4^.pim«h^-Mi^M6T^(tcti joy at the presence of the Captain' — to whom on some account-he .evidently /felt himself a life-long debtor — he promisedio findhis guests -excellent sport the next day yft kangaroo hunt ing and oppossum shootinaf ; : But how had it hapyfned, thought the Captain's travelling coniJBnidns, that two such people had become prisniers of the Crown 1 ' ' You seem to haveTnbwh our host arid his wife before,' said the Captain's companion, as they rode but next morning; .-?'?.': X '?'?-. '.Yes,' he replied, ' it was in Ireland that tho circumstance arose, which. .'brought the man M'Dermot within the reach of the law, and it was in connection with these circumstances that the wife ,had spoken of himself as a friend and a benefactor.' The Captain' then related the particulars of 'their offence as follows, and those particulars can be verified by published facts :—..',.' ' ? He -ifpa incomrnand of a coast-guard station in IreL-ind, and had long been on the watch ;fpra party of smugglers, who had managod to carry . on .their depredations without being caught jioV.the, whole of the population in the neighbourhood were on, their side, and were-aa ready to assist them as they were to obstruct or mislead the soldiers. : Still the captain went on, in the hope of some day catching the offenders in the act, and at jast he had information that there was; a large cargo of brandy, tea, and sugar to be f'.ran,' and that the chief actors in this affair were to be an old smuggler — Richard. M'Dermot. ;and his four sons — gone, of whom— vRbbert-r^-was the liveliest and most rattling young Irishman in the country. .-.This young jnan, too, was the favoured lover of- the. daughter of a small farmer,' who' by _no means_jipproved *of the' match, arid who, there' is reason' to 'suppose, was instrumental in putting _the coast-guard officers on the scent of the smugglers. At any rate, the' Captain, with '50 men, was ready at the appointed time, add this force he took' to' the spot .where the landing was to be effected. I Some; he ,Btatipn.ed -behind rocks, .and .the others sheltered themselves , in the brushwood which grew along the path,; by which the contraband goods were to bo carried. ? / c . .i ; ??.? ? The work,,hpwever, ^asnbt;pleashhtj for, in addition to other disadvantages, the night was- dark and rough, wi th.. occasional 'bursfe of thunder ana.HghWiifg!'';But ; (tteAaarkriess was:whatthe smugglers required, ;aud:tpwttroj6 rjiidnight it became evident; that they did not] intend; to,disapj5oint Aose, who-. ..ware pn : thfl, lo'ok-butufor'flieni! rirs€ a'blue '_iigBJ' was' seen for a moment or two on1 tbo rocks, not far from the Spot w^croitKa soldiera.were lyjjag in ambush, and this light-was- presently replied to by a rdd -light which' flashed up seaward, : and which for. a moment showed the cleat outlines of a lugger at. a' short distance off the shore. ... ?. - ,. ? . ., j ' -Then-«une_tho_sonnd...of. footsteps and voices along the. beach. ; .. -;,-?? i ' Is it the redcoats ye see' a marchin' out V 'Yis,-by,ineBpwl.r . .. . .,. ' Thin: it's the. false signal; at North Poinj that they'lllbe afther dropping upon. , Show the' red light an' let's. have the job done afore they find out .their .mishtake':' ' ,! ? ' ' --[j ' It was'the 'volce'of gldflfDermpt, that ^thje iCaptain heard, and wnilst this conversation was goinf'o'n betwderiVIiiin'-aia his.' soil three boats': woro approaching- the .chore from .the vessel that had; shown; the.' signal.. The' fore- most of the three, in fact, wasi already closetto: the.,beabhV:aridliha:ifoWn^ihutes-the smugglers ; began to land. ' Th'en' tSe tiaptairi 'brdefe'dL.hiSj men_to.mavej!autiously.down. _But by spine clumsy accidentia musket went off, and at this sound the smugglers: took alarihp Some rushed back -.to their boats/ and others, rft'ho hadad viinced, '? pressed forward ?ta.gain' a pathwJa^ which Jed through the scruW' With'thesethe soldiers' aforice closed, and there was a sharp struggle in the dark— thoTrain all the timo pouring', down in torrents. ? , Swords clashed fiercely, and a pistol- shot now arid then .told, of close work; but the military could not have moide -much use of their firearms if they had b^n^o^n^lrined:~It^pas^^hi!e?this-ro^rghiand- tumble ,fighV: VaS J&-&ig;!on\that a pptplwaV fired almost in , ther Cap taiir's, lace,, but the, shot passed over' his shoulder, and' struck' the' man behind ,him full in the Breast. Thernpar.fel lovf fell .dead.' . 'A$V-, tfds' 'moment,; the Captain seized the smuggler who was nearest to. him; and held him with deteririirie'd clutch until his arms rni'd legs had been bound, when, with one ortwb others who had^been secured further down tho beach, ,he was removed a close pri soner. ? This man' was Robert M'berniot, the eldest sonof_the old man who' was ai the bottom' of all the mischief ; and now the charge against, him was that of : mufdering'one of his Majesty's soldiers ! On this charge he was'iri due course tried, and as he persisted irrhis refusal to tell who fired the fatal, shot, .though. he declared that he himself was innocent, 4he jury found him guilty, arid th's judge sentenced him to death. \ As a means, top, of stjrikipg terror into the smugglers, it was ' ordered that the execution should take place iu. the immediate neighbourhood' 'of:;theT,recent outrage; and hefe, heavily irortediti the dungeon of an old fortress,' the unhappy, iprisouer awaited his death. . ?;' ' m-' r, ... iln charge of _thia._foitress waS-jCaptain O'Connel himself, and laaitiwas his evidence which had told most strongly against the pri soner, whom: he seized immediately that the fatal, shot had been fired, he had urged, ljirii^ -.earnestly to tell the truth, and to save his own life by stating who it was had fired off the piatol. ?'?'' ' '? ? : ' ? ' - But' tHe prisoner was_s.ileiit and obstinate. He would not save. his own life at'.the cost of another's. - - - The lav would therefore take its course, but' on the night before the day of execution the £aptain was' intreated to let the prisoner see afer the last time, the young girl to whom he had hoped to be married. . She begged for this, boon with tears and prayers, and at last the officer consented. . ... . The interview 'took;place ;- and then the pri soner- was left .to .prepare himself, for death, but before morning there was' a violent outcry in theiprison; Firet of; all, the sentinel on watch was heard . to fire his musket. Then there was a rush- to that side of the old for tress which overlooked a-i adjacent lake, and .soon it was known 'that 'the prisoner had es caped. -.-?:?: r ?' At this unlooked-for event the country was roused for miles round, and, the coast was so keenly watched that it was impossible for the smuggler to get away-in that direction. ? He was almost certainj in fact, ifo be recaptured, for there was reason to*, believe' thara musket ball had hit him whilst he was crossing the; lake, so that he was .probably too much hurt to make-much exertion. In the meantime Captain O'Connell was suspended-for-his lax notions — and they- were not uncommon jn those djaj's-^-of prison dis cipline; and the young wpinari, Mary. jBrien, was arrested for having aided the prisoner to' escape She had managed, in fact, to give him a steel file on the night of their interview, and had afterwards procured a boat for him when he had got off his irons and broken away one of the bars of the prison, This, then, .after: five :or six, years had elapsed, was the young woman whom, the Captain and' his companibris now? 'met in' the far-off Australian bush ; and, as she truly said,' he had been their- greatest benefactor ; for if he had not grantedlthe.intejyiew which led to the -escape, her husbaud,_MiDennot,.instead.of . living to be a prosperous .stock-owner in Australia, would have^ieAshed on the gallows for a crime which' he hid 'riot coirimitte'd. It ? is true he was recaptured before lie was able to leave the country,; but, in the mean time, the smuggler, who fired. the shot and' killed the soldier came forward and. confessed his crime. The sentence of death against- M'Dermotr was therefore commuted; and he \yas adjudged the smaller punishment 'of transportation for life to the lately-ibutided settlement of New South Wales. ... Here, too, , bis, wife,, the braye hearted girlwhp had , fought so, heroically ' to save hhn .from ..the.! gallows was allowed, to accompany' him, and to'help him to build a new home in the distant bush. i ? ' . 