DESTRUCTION OF HER MAJESTY'S THEATRE. On the night of Friday, December 6, one of the handsomest, certainly, if not the finest, theatre in London went the way of all theatres, and was burnt to the ground in less than two hours. The fire while it raged was one of the fiercest ever known in London, and though the main building, the beautiful theatre, quickly burnt itself out and crumbled away in a tower ing pyramid of flame, yet its surroundings con tinued to blaze as house after house in the colonnade caught fire and were burnt, from roof to basement. Those buildings facing the Hay market and Pall-mall also suffered most severely, the houses on the Hay market side being almost completely destroyed. The fire was first observed at about a quarter to 11 o'clock, "and shortly after the first alarm all the neigh borhood knew it far and near, for the theatre was one gigantip mass of flame in a few minutes. Anything like attempts to save property—that is to say, the properties in the theatre—was out of the question, for the interior glowed like a furnace, and the flames, darting through the slight roof, treated a draught which instantly made all hope of saving either the building or anything- in it totally impossible. With the assistance of a large-military and police force the streets leading to the theatre were kept clear, and the fire mains all round Kegent street, Haymarket, and Pall-Mali turned fully on. The supply of water seemed ample, and fire-engine after fire- engine as they came rapidly up were, under the directions of Captain Shaw, at once got into the best positions for checking the spread of the flames, for all hope of extin guishing them -at their source was hope less. The glare at this time was seen all over the metropolis, and tens of thousands flocked from all points towards the great centre of the disaster, while cabs, carriages, and even waggons • blocked the thoroughfares which led to it. In a short time the steam fire-engines were in full work, and as fast as the now it is to be hoped obsolete hand engines arrived they too were set to work. The steam engines threw volumes of water with tre mendous force, and" where their jets fell they seemed to explode in clouds of steam. Not so with the hand engines, which required some 30 soldiers to work them,. and the feeble dribble from which was easily directed and governed by one man. The exertions of the firemen were beyond all praise. They climbed along parapets i and cppings at heights which made one cold to look at them, dragging with them great lengths ! of leather hose with which to play upon the ! flames at any point that seemed of consequence, no matter what the risk to the men themselves. In spite of flame and smoke and a terrific storm of burning fragments, they kept their places on the roof, their comrades below turning now and then jets of water upon and around the men to keep the spots cool on which they stood. The scene was one of terrible grandeur. The roof of the theatre fell amid a shower of sparks and burning fragments, leaving a gigantic mass of white flame in the centre, the very heat of which alone was charring up and burning building after building around it. All the steam fire-engines were at full work, and the monotonous thud thud of those worked by hand were the only sounds which broke upon the hoarse roaring of the crowd and the heavy flap ! of the great sheets of flame, which seemed to i: jeopardise the existence of every building near ; the place. Over the front of the clubs in Pall |mall the burning fragments fell thick as hail; jindeed, it was impossible at times to pass along [this thoroughfare without danger of being ^severely burnt. The chiefs of the police land the firemen working among these; 'the shouts and cries of the men on the iroof of the building itself and colonnade 'giving directions, amid the glaring uproar beneath, where to place the engines, the efforts of the soldiers to keep the great moving mass of people back, all made up a scene as exciting and as grand in its terrors as the great fire some years ago at Cotton's-wharf. The theatre was the main source of the whole fire. As is always the case with theatres, it burnt like a tar-barrel, but, as usual, left a mass "of flame and beat which worked quickly and surely through into the surrounding buildings.- House after house around it was gutted, in spite of all the efforts of the firemen. The flames, how ever, were well within control, and the engines were principally used to keep the walls of the main building cool, for in many places they were bulging ominously. Of the theatre itself, one of the finest in the world, nothing remains but the bare, roofless walls, and immense masses of charred materials in indescribable confusion covering the whole space on which the building stood. All the costly properties, all the ward robes of the establishment have perished, as have also the instruments of the orchestra, the grand pianos, and a musical library of incal culable value, which had taken years to collect. Madame Titiens alone has lost jewellery worth 1 from £1,000 to £1,200,'in addition to all her magnificent stage dresses. The grand organ, which cost nearly £800, and all the stage scenery and decorations have been destroyed. By an odd circumstance, the only thing which bas survived the general wreck is the dress in which the ghost in " Don Giovanni" was wont to be played. The actual and prospective loss to Mr. Mapleson, the lessee, is estimated at £12,000, and the disaster, as it affects him, is greatly aggravated by the fact of his not having been insured to the amount of a single shilling. He was about to effeet an insurance, but it had not been completed. The large duty chargeable upon theatrical properties is under stood to have previously deterred him. In the course of Saturday, December 7, Her Majesty, through the Lord Chamberlain, sent a message to him expressive of her sympathy and regret, and a telegram from Sandringham, in similar terms, accompanied by an expression of hope that no live3 had been lost on the occasion, was received from His Eoyal Highness the Prince of Wales. The Earl of Dudley hold the lease of the theatre, about 26 years of which are still to run, and it was sublet to Mr. Mapleson for 21 years, seven of which are expiied, at a rent of £8,000 a year, payable in advance. It was built in. 1790 on the site of the previous house, erected under the direction of Sir John Yanbroughin 1705, which was destroyed by fire on the night of June 17,1789. The first stone was laid by the then Earl of Buckinghamshire, and the house was opened on March 26,1791, but for music and dancing only, a licence for theatiical performances having been refused by the authorities of that time. On the destruc tion of the Pantheon, however, bv fire in the following year its licence was transferred to the Opera in the ETaymarket. The architect was Michael Novosielski, and it was originally called the King's Theatre, but upon the accession of Queen Victoria it assumed the name by which it has ever since been known. It was •the largest in England, except the Italian Opera, its internal dimensions being said to be within a few feet of those of La Scala, at Milan. From the curtain to the back of the boxes it was upwards of 100 feet long and 56 feet high; the width at the curtain was 40 feet, and that of the pit 65 feet. The stage measured 60 feet from the orchestra to the back wall, and 80 feet between the side walls. The building was of brick, covered with Roman cement, the en tablature being of Bath stone, and the surround ing columns of cast-iron colored to represent stone, and 17 feet in height. The east principal, front was 283 feet in length, and 64 feet high. In 1790 the interior of the building was partly remodelled by Marinari, scene painter at Drury-lane. The exterior colonnades and facades were completed by Messrs. Thomas Nash and Repton, in 1818, at a cost of £50,000. One characteristic of the theatre was its acoustic quality, in which respect it is said to have been unequalled by any building of it3 class. Much of the property immediately surround ing the theatre has been more or less injured, and sume of it completely destroyed. The greatest sufferer of all is Mr. Graves, the en graver and printseller in Pall-Mali, whose rare and beautiful collection of pictures were burned. As to the origin of the fire, little or nothing has been discovered, but the opinion is that it broke out first about some part of the stage. 