ALDERMANIO ELECTIONS. Mn. STEEL ron Coox VTAnD.-Last evening Mr. Steel addri-ssed a numerous meeting of electors from tho balcony of tho Hising Sun publio-house, corror of South Hoad Hoad and Htlfy-street Mr. James Oreen occupied tho chair. Mr. Stcol was much cheered on stepping forward. He said that ho uppoarid before them alter asorvituda of eight years as aldorman for the ward, to giro an nccount of his stewardship. This stop had been rendered necessary in consequence of a threatened opposition to his ro-clection by a fow per- sona who scomod to bo interested in tho election of Afr. George Lucas He would first ask, woro they dis- satisfied with his catiduct aa their aldorman? (No) In what particnlar had he been unmind fut of their intorosta ? (Nono.) If they would look at tho impiovemcats he had been instrumental in effecting in Gook Ward during tho past eight years, ho felt convinced they would harolittlo to complain of All things could not be dona at once, and it might be possible that norna had cause for complaint Ho rnow, however, what the ward ctill requirod, and he bad it in his mind to accom- plish his improvements gradually. Eight years ago it was a by-word that an aldorman broke his neck overy week on tho South Head Road, by rea sen of its. dilapida- ted and dangerous B tato. Lot them look at tho road mw. (Cheers.; In this portion of tho ward he .had offectod oonsidorable improvements ; ho had seen that tho lance and alleys had been kerbed, ballasted, and gutterod; and he considered it ne muoh bis duty to look after tbeso laues for tho sake of tho health of the pcoplo living in them, ai the front stroote, where, perhaps, richer people resided. (Otrora.) Ho could asauro them that during tho period ho had been aldorman, threo times tho amount of ratos paid by the ward had boca oxponded upon its improvement. Frequently he had been taunted in tho City Council, and asked if he wanted «ll tho rcvenuo for Cook "Ward. His roply was, that ho would only then bo getting a portion of what tho ward had been ro^bod of in previous years (Applaus*.) Tho southern ond of tho ward, too, if ho were again obcted, would boforo long bo found to bo oimploto, so far as municipal improvement was concerned (You're sura to go in.) Ho novor knew a syllable abeut any opposition until about'two minutos bofoto 12 o'clock on Friday. He considered such kind of eh .filing highly contemptible. Ho went afterwards to Mr. George Luca* and asked him if ho intended to stand, liocau o, if he did, he (Mr. Steel) was thc man that would light tho elco ion with him (Cheers.) Mr. Lucas replied that ho had been nominated without his sanction, and said ho would Bien an udve.*ti-cincn' to that oflcct: but iust i bafore oigning it ho WSB removed by his frieuds. Thoa I ho bad n mealing in tho Temporáneo liait on Friday, j Ho asked Mr. Lucas again, and ho then enid : " Y m I eco I'm in tho hands ot' mr eommiiteo, and if I'm I elected, I can't help it." What did they tbink of such i conduct ns that ? (Ho's not tho ghost of a chance.) i Why did ho not como out manfully a week or two ago, 1 and condonan my conduct, und giro mo 'an oppor 1 tunity to roply ? As it waa ho had nothing to rbply to. 5io chargos had been rando against him. Uo had nover refused to attend to tho wants of ovcry mau in : his ward, rioh or poor, whether ho was stopped in the street, or whothor called upon at his own house He \ had nothing to say about his conduot. There was the ! ward, and in it were tho improvements. Mau; of '? them know what tho ward was eight years ago, and j they could all see what it wa3 now. (Cueors.) Wore ! tho improvements not of themselves sufficient to plead ia his bobalf? (Yes ) lt was sneaking and ( eont'.'inptiblo for any mnn in faco of this to come forward and oppose him at tho olovouth hour (Obeora.) Ho folt convinced tho oleotors, still confided in him, and it was his intention nfior olection, which ho jievor dreamt would, have boen opposed, to express hhs "gratiludo for tho confidence thoy still reposed iu him and tho honour thoy had agaiu conferred (Cheers ) Ho had long sinco laid down a certain courso of actio« to pursuo. honest and straightforward, directed to tue general city interest, but especially tu tho intercut of his own ward. If thoy thought' he had abused tho trust confided to him it "was tboir duty t i reject him, and got a bettor man. (Wo oau't) If they still reposed confidence in him, and he bolioved thoy did, ho should still abide by his former principios, still pursue tho same steady lino of conduct, still deem it his paramount duty lo look aftor his own ward, and then tho gonoral interest. But as hi had previously slid, all things could not bo dono together; but ina short timo longer ho felt convinced tlicro wou d not be found a single elector that had anything to com- plain of, (Cheeta.) He aguin asked "for a renowal of their confidence. Ho would moko no clap-trap promises. Ho know what was required in tho ward, aud whore it was require l, and ho know his duty as an aldenaan so far aa to go tho right way to work gradually but surely to accomplish it. (Much oheoi'ing) Tho election would tako placo to-mnrrow tTuocday). Bo earnoatly invited his friends and old supporters to again rally round and favour bim with thoir votos. -He would sorvo them faithfully, fearing no man in tho rightful discharge of his duties, and nover slumbering when tho interests of his ward and the eloetors in it woro at stake. In conclusion ho thanked them for the patient hearing they had accorded him. (Much cbeoring.) In roply to a question, ka said, if there waa a decided expres- sion in his ward that the Corporation labourers should adopt tko eight-hour movement, ho should f, el bound to support suoh expr-ssion in- tho City O unoil. (Ohoors.) Mr. EI ward Byrne moved, and Mr. Davies seconded that Aldorman Steel still rotained the couti deneo of the electors of Cook \Vard, aud should be re- elected. The motion waa carried by acclamation; three hearty cheora for Mr. Stool terminating the proscedincs. I BENISON WARD, - A large mooting of tho friends and supporters of Mr. Joseph Wearne was held last evening, at Greig's Bail war Hotol, Gcorgo-stroot South, Mr. James Powell, J.P., in tho chair. Mr. ! Wearne, who, on coming forward, was received with cheers, spoke aa follows:-Mr. Chairman,- follow ? electors, and gontloinen,-It would hato boen.far more . in accordanco with tito fooling* of my mind to havo followed tho samo line of thought as whoa a- Pyr- mont en friday evening last, and thu carno r-a when I first addressed tho electors-that is not to say ouo word ngaiust tho opposing oandidato, Mr. Woods; but when he addressed tho olectors on tho Samo ¿vening at t'io Oddfellows' Hall, hu commonced.-" Firstly, I shall deal wi'h tho tissue of falsehoods stated,against me last, night by ray opponent, Mr. Wearne luBotho word falsehood. You have) board and probably read that geutiemau's speech, for he has freely circulatod',it, and when you have heard my ease, I shall ask you to deo'tdo, as conscientious and - independent mon, who is right and whu'is'wrong.: J -could; not botiuvo Mr. Wearne could1 bo guilty pf (taring such untruths, s At theso elections I nm prepared,to .atcep'.'.a f grcat, deal ffom Bomo men but from so estimable and roepoclublo a citizen .as Mr. Wearno, I-expectod to And a greater regard for ibo interest of 'truth than I am convinced ho has shown in his address of last-1; night. I am Willing - rather- to . boliavo that ho has been goaded on by thoso t-.HbtJo hirelings who ought to b.i«o known batter " Mr. Woods' i-pecch was not ruportod; but my informants still persist in tho fact that the version they gave mo of tho wheat transaction waa tho correct one.. [lluro ' Slr..Wearne repeated tho. explanation of bis business rolitiona with Mr. .Woods," whioh was reported in tho Eurum last week.']' Now, gentlemen, you havo heard this, aud if rou did not,hear Mr., Woods' statement, ¡tis reported fully in last Saturday's ICiirrtiE. What I no|w say I will defy Mir. ? WoodB to disprove; rind sae now .it ' agrees with Mr. Woods'version. I «ill next Uko it in drdcr.v '"'Mn ' Wearno.I I lind,' contradioU . my- statement, wherein. I said bo was supported by tho intorcBt of tho Mayor (Mr. Charles Mooro) " Mr. WoodB also eûtes that it ie not a race botweon himself and mo, but between 'him 'and .tho Mayor; nnd in my remarks at'tho Burrangong Uotol I roforred to the reports wilvil Miau been cirouluted .. tbat I had como forward undor'tbibi Mayor of Öydnoy, and I denied it and repeated that 1 knew nothing ' whatovor of tho Mayor of Sydney in tho election. I ruitûrafu thc'eanip, iremarls/ngain. -and say that mv friend j vMr,,Hieury)l'wa.s" Ihn il.st 'poiBonrw|io took any action in thu rh'it:6r. " 'I tried to-put him oil ; bul bo asked ;mo -V It, I rocijiyp'l, a largely signed riquit-iiioa. would I stand,''ns ho would not.like to pet the requisition (ipiiéd, aud for me to refuse,'' lie brought me a requisition, signed by ¡J28 (lectors, and j I believe it ia ene of tbe larpent requisitions tbat bar bern prosontod-to any citizen of Sydney. (Cheers.) At for what passed between the Mayor and Aldorman Oaraher,.' I cannot answer for; this is tho drat J ever honrd of it; also in reference to Mr. Clayton Then Mr. Woods aays "If Mr. Weat BO knew this, how cora's it that ho says that I tell an untruth in paying that Mr. Moare waä suppotting him ? ' I TÈon Mr. Woods says ho will go further " Mr. Wearne, himself, in his own ofiico, not many days ago. and in tho presence of two gentlemen, when asked why ho had como forward to opposo mo, seeing that I had been so useful, replied, " I have no fault to find with Mr W-oda; but Mr. Moore bas »aid ho would spend £150 or £200 to further my oloction." I do not know to whom Mr. Woods refora, but what I did say was that it hos boon reported to mo that Afr. Moore has said that he will oxpendXlö'J or £200 on my election. But I stated that I was independent of any man and would not allow any ono to ¡tay ono penny for my election, and if Mr. Mooro expects that by these means he would eocuro my votn, ho is in error I shall voto for the best man whoever ho may bo Tho n"Kt statement refera to a dear old friand of minc, n Wesleyan minister, whoso nnmo was brought ia with thoj othor th'eo ministo's, by Mr. Woods'. He contradicts this now, but it has been ropoitod in tho two paper", aud reportors do not often make such mistakos, es cornily for two oeparato papers. Mr. .Martin has answered the reference to bim in this day's ESIMUE. Mr. Mason nnswora nlso in rofcrenco to tho Jotters 'rom the Rev. Mr. Paterson and Br. Lang, and other matters, I. believe, very satisfactorily in this dav's EMPIBE. NOW, geni lomen, I havo taken Mr. Woods' speech a3 a baria for mv remarks, and havo kopt to bia arrangement nnd followed him etea by stop, and I will statu emphatically that I will defy him to gainsay ono word that I havo now cr at any other Vraostatoi on those mattera. Oatt mv oppo- nent say so? I am euro, gentlemen, you will cay ho cannot. , In reference to tba oity debt owing to tho Government I wrote two quostions and sont thom to an alderman for tho answers Tho first was-How j much does tho city owo tho Government t And I received tho answer JE22tJ,000. The noxt question wa«-Supposing tho Govoramont paid city ratea, water, and sewerage ratos, would the amount due by tho Govomm 'nt pay tho interest of the monev ? Answer-Yes. Since then, on referring to tho Sydnay Morning Hornld, July 1st, 18U8. tho city liabilities of 1807:-Water fund colonial Government, £213,338; eeworago fund colonial Government, £200,000; not liabilities, £530.30J. Tho City Engineer was requested about two or threo yoara Bince to aíss s tho Government property, and ho do o'ar ed that tho amount that would Go duo by tho Government, would more 'han coror tho amount duo for interest And then ttio £10,000 should bo paid to tho Corporation by tho Government. Tho alderman gava mo tho amount duo for tho water fund, but not tho sewerage rate, but the argument that I used.was that tho taxes whioh ought to bo paid by tho Government would moro than pay th,? interest of tho money. [Mr. Wearne thea proceeded to Bpcak upon tho ecvoral questions of Blackwattle Swamp, water eupply, city rates, public bathe, Sta. His observations wore throughout Tccoiv. d with tho cieatcst demonstrations of opprova!, whi^h wore furthor oxcitod upon Mr. Weam« answering several questions put to bim to tho satisfaction of thoso assembled.] A vote of confidence in Mr. W arno con- cluded tho proceedings. DENISON WAIID.-A crowded mooting of Mr. Woods' supporters was hold Inat ov ning at tho Laod'a End Hotel, Pyrmout, Mr. Warburlon in the ohair. Mr. Woods, who was received with loud acclamation, addressed tho meeting from tho ba'cony ef tho hotel. De said that with rogard to somo statements recontly made by Mr. Wearne, to tho effect tliat that gentle- man had not been brought forward hy tho Mayor, bo was in a position to provo, almost indisputably, that such was tho case; and that tho Mayor had been pre- pared to txpend a large'sum of money to ijeot him (Mr. Woods). It had btv n stated that it waa not his intention to remain in office if elected; butha would give that statement his unqualified donia!. (Oboers.) lio had taken an otlico in Goorgo-Btreet, whore bo would at all times bo prep ired to give an nudianco to any_ of tho electors who . might bo desirous of con- sulting him with reforonco to any matters affecting the interest of tho ward. 'Cheers., Ile would promiso that baths should, in duo time, bo erected. (Cheers ) Hi would ask thom to act with gratitude, and acoording to their consciences ; and, in the event of their doing so, hu had little doubt of his re-election. ' (Loud applause.) Several other gentlemen addressed the mooting on bohalf of Mr. Woods., and a show of hands was tahon in favour of that gcutlcman, which was unnnimous. Tho mooting terminated with tbrco cheers for Mr. Woods. - Mn. HENHY PIIBSTLT von Pitit-rjp WARD - Last night a crowded and influential moetingof tho friends and supporters of Mr. Henry Priestly was held at Dlunt's Woo'pack Inn, Haymarket. Mr. J. Caldor in the chair. Mr. Priestly addressed tho electors, stating that ho had been induced to como forward at tho request of a largo numbor of citizen?, and in obedienco tberato ho offered himself as n candidate. Ho trusted that ho would follow in tho footsteps of their lato alderman. Ho certainly was an untried man, nnd so was his opponont; but ho would pledge his word that if ilccted ho would do his best to servo thom faithfully. Iii was in favour of tho e'cclion of tho Mayor by tho citizen'. In nnswor to questions, Mr. Priestly stated that he was not a member of any association, with tho exception of the houorable and ancient society of ' Freemason?, with which ho had been con- nected for ton years, n' d had for tho Inst two yoare held the, honorable position of maxtor of tho boat lodges in Sydney, and thnt night ho had been elected foi tho third year. (Cheers.) A vot-i pledging sup- port to Mr Prie-tly. was'then moved by "Mr Whoelor; seconded by Mr. Tinsloy, and carried unanimously Three chocrs woro then given for tho Queen, three tor Mr. Priestly, and groans for Mr. Hordern. Similar meetings in favour of Mr. Priestly were also hold at Mr. Jones' Orown Inn, Botany Hoad; and Mr. Reynold's Australian Hotol, Parramatta-streot 