THE GYMPIE OREEK QUSI. To the Editor of the umpasr. Sir,-At the request of a great many miners now in ' Queensland, and also of some in Sydney, I desire to : make known publicly some very grievous facsts of what is really a most disastrous rush to tile mining population, niot only of Now South Wales, but also of Victoria and New Zealand. I can assure the Press of New South Wales that amongst the hlundreds of men I mlet in Queensland, all entirely exonerated the Press from any lshare in bringing about this deplorablerush. It happens that fabulous stories have spread far and wide from solely private information, and the major part of that information has been sent most uuthink ngly and recklessly; in fact, some I remonstrated withl for having sent such letters, said they were very sorry for so doing. Without going intoneedlesmdetail I wdl give you the gist of the rushlas it now isand has been. It has in the first place been a very good rush for about six hundred or eight hundred miners,-. iiot more. Secondly, many very good claims were easily obtained, but thie results most absurdly exag gerated. Thirdly, there ihas been, and is being worked at this pres Ito time, a large quantity of wages ground only, and many lhundreds working for tucker, and waiting, as Mierawber says, "for something to turn up." Nothing new lhas been found for the last ten weeks. There are about nine different gullies and - : iatcles in working, but very patchy indeed,and really good patches are very few. The very claim the big . nugget was obtained in often changed hIands, an":: never paid anything, save and excepting the nugget.': The next feature is the reefs. Now, as I do nut p-e tend to be a first rate authority on this point, althbu ?h, as many who know me are aware I have had good ai? perience on it, yet from the features of the reefs, I" have no faith in them as either rich or lasting, and-: certainly the most gold I saw whilst there was what :. is practically termed face gold, not doubting atthe samne time that patches of loose gold will be found in them, and no doubt small leaders, to pay in some in stances very well. I advise no man, it is against my principle in mining; but most certainly do I Waish-, that every man in New South Wales-more especdally. every fanity man---doing a small steady tloingon his? . side will stay where they are. I can assure othlm e there are hundreds by hundreds who would gladly come back had they the money to fetch them, and . hundreds of others hungry, without the ghost ?of-a chance or any employment, and the squatters ibank from the diggings will get their little jobs done nowt for next to nothing, as no man will starve ifIn cain helpl it. I came back by the way of Briebane, ?o?l learnt from reliable authority that the back traocks atid' main roads are yet lined with travellers to?t?g?' ! The only thingI have to say to Queneland, as agold' field, is this, to any party of men who can afford 0 ache for three montlhs, well and good-they ebiaca something to nmake better; but any man with eeldee means is a fiat forhis paine. The Queensland aeojsba are mad with delight at the idea of sity thouua:a miners going over there. I say, God forbeidit?; an,;d lastly, fellow-mniners, pause ere you jump. Subsoribing:, myself faithfully, -AotuOtrU NOuBmE. .: Sydney, March 6. 