VICTORIA. WE mentioned the other day—apropos of the death by drowning in the Yarra of the young man Bailey, for want of a drag or other means for recovering bodies at Prince's-bridge—that Mr. Lockhart Mor ton had exercised his inventive genius in order to reduce the requisite apparatus. As the city council had voted £10 for, the purchase of a proper drag, Mr. Morton submitted his models to that body, and the result was that yesterday the inventor, with Mr. Adams (the city surveyor), and the keeper of the Corporation-baths near the Botanical-bridge, went to try some hooks manufactured by T. Robinson and Co., of Eliabeth.atreet, after the model selected as the best.: This was constructed of a tube of six feet In length and one Inch and a half in diameter, with a double row of~hooks, so arranged that if the ap. paratus was upset by the current of the river or any other cause;,on set of hooks would still operate. The scene of operations wra the riverclose to Prince's-bridge, and.experlments were first made with stones rolled up in bugs. These were easily recovered., Mrs. Edwards, wile'of the boat proprie'. tor, then mentioned that she. hada few days before lost two buckets in the river, and en trying for them with the drag one wes brought up .In a few aeconde. The last was a crucial experiment, vri.,'to try the guy rope, which was supposed ,to liberate the hooks when they got hitched.. The hooks were allowed to get firmly fixed in a log at th& bottom of the river, and the guy rope liberated, them lnstantly. 8o thoroughly satlsfactory wereyesterday's proceedings, that a now set of hook, on Mr. Morton's was at once ordered.t .It hould·be added, tbat Mr. Morton has offered the result of his ingenuity with. out any expectation of reward or fee, ,?,. ? ?. Why is this sudden madness for matrimony P The Englieb papers are, full oftheienthralling theme, and even some of our Australian Journal have con. descended to notice it., ,It appears that. the young men in, England, nd, the world generally, do not clearly?,seoetheir, waydto supporting a wife,upon nothing to speak of, end a government appointment, The old story about '" loveIn cottager 'habeen disentombed from the grave of sentimentality, and its sadleyed ghost stalks through the pages ofones morning paper, I.r thought that. inthese practical times we had dlisabuad'ourrminds of that pleasant superstllton--I Imagined that nobody married unless they could afford that luxury, and that we were all practical end positve," instead'of theoretical and negative. 2 Tooth and beauty are both dead.:The first has given way to Indifferentism and' late hours, and the teoond has been swallowed 'up by Madame Itechael and Parisian fashions.' * There are no boys bider than six and no girls older than twelve. '." If old age only were able, hid if youth only knew," orlesthe French wit, "what a world this would be." Alas l nowadays youth knows too. much. W' We are arrant, knaves' allt. Delieve none of us." And they don't. "'Vomen don't ·love in these times -they marry! a great differenooe;, andmen love. and. don', marry I'.a greater' difference. So the old'world' machlne' is out 'of ger, 'and eoolsty:la outraged0. This is philoophy, and,' like most philosophy, It exaggerates. ", We are not mluch worse than our iorefthers.'"'It lithe custom 'to cry down the ege. I do it berause others do. For my own part, L think'that'the'world'is a very good world, and that Illf It vry endulrablei?, It is merely a question of gastrlo-Juice, . Ifwe are sentimental by constitution, let us read poetry and'be happy; if we are praotlcal' by constitution, let us' cut axe. handles and be happy; the worst of It is that the practical people. ec'i! try and write iotry, and:the poetical pweop are compelled by hard fata to cut axehantdee. This t| why we get bad axeuhahudle! and worle poetry; and onleis we establish a com* pany whieh will reform bumanity, aod put down human nature, I am afraid we shall never be thor. ouhly comfortable. There has been more virtue about Iately then a hare seen for some time. lood people have tfaen offense at some eczeptioual Immorality at the Vare. ties, and have made everybody eager to be horrified by titilaUng publlc curloeily hy ambiguously word,,d letters It the newspapers. I do not suppose that the can~can was Inrented for the delectation of plous poanrson and If pious persons will Ro to the Varie. ties they should not be aetocished at having their moral tendencies outraged. It Is not pleasant to be made to blush, but then--why not stop at home? Yolt may be as morel as you pleae, hut you cannot makl me beliere that yo's went to the Varieties to further the Interests c raligion, my friends. . • -~~?~ ------ -- -sls- 