!='j^ANKWEi3LEirAN CHUBCII. I HedbaDk was quite astir last Tuesday, in conse ,,,nceof one of those popular gatherings called « tefi-aeetiDgs' being held in connection with the A oca Wesleyan Methodist Circuit. On the1 SAbatb preceding, two able and eloquent sermons re preached in the Wesleyan Church by the B* n# pitcher. The building was crammed, and J!n'v had to remain outside, not being able to aain admittance. ' The tea-meeting took place in Mr Longbottom's «tore lent for the occasion, and which was tasle Vjl -'decorated with flowers and burners. About , hundred persons sat down to the good things pro vided, which were not only rich but ample, and certainly good justice was done to them by the Tisitors. Mesdames Hines, Park, Howes and Longbottom presided at the tablei. After tea the public meeting commenced, a choir onsisting of Messrs Jones, Bonar, and Wallis, uisted by ladies and accompanied by Mr Ncwlands on the harmonium, who generously lent the instru ment and hit services for the occasion. , The chair wis taken by Brooks Clay, Esq., of Maryborough, who opened the proceedings by call in* on the choir to sing 'Strike the cymbal,' which was nicely rendered. The chairman then addressed the meeting, saying thit be hid presided at political meetings before in tbst place, but at the present meeting he scarcely fell in his right place ; nevertheless he could not iiy w- to the kind invitation of their minister. He imk a deep interest in all that concerned Red bank' ~d had at perBOnaiihcolivehlence come that night* but he fell more thin repaid for his visit. He was not a Wesleyan, but he was aware that many pre «nt owed much to the Wesleyan Church, and al! Christians in places like Redbank might unite for (be common good. He remembered when he him self resided amongst them, and past recollections so crowded his memory that his heart felt full, he must beg their indulgence and sit down ; before j ? ? „„ hnnPVRr. he would call upon Mr Howes to address the meeting. * Mr Howes spoke upon the pleasure it gave him to see so many present, and looking so happy. He remembered other meetings upon the goldfields different in their nature to the present one, and not so conducive to true pleasure. He then made some pertinent remarks upon the sanctuary as a theatre, God as the proprietor, and the Holy Ghost as the actor. Mr LoDgbottom then came forward, but he said lie never expected to have been called upon as so many good speakers were present. He was glad to see their old friend Mr Clay occupying the chair, he thought he was the right man in the right place. He had listened with pleasure to Mr Fitcher'H thril ling sermons on the Sabbath, and prayed that by the blessing of God they would be.effectual to the sal vation of Binners in tbiB place. He would like to see them all converted and happy. Mr Nenland now played a piece upon the har monium, and the chairman then called upon the Minister of the Circuit. The Ilev. fi. Greenwood then came forward, end said he would not occupy the time of the meet ing to any great extent, as his friend and Brother Mr Fitcher had to follow him, and he would like him to speak just as long he pleased. Ho then cnokc upon the Gospel as being the same now as eighteen hundred years ago — unchangeable like its author, and still ' able to make man wise unto Salvation.' The effect which t bis Gospel had upon individual man and upon nations was a proof of its truthfulness and authority. He then traced briefly the 6iiccess of the Gospel up to the present time — ' the little one had indeed increased to the thousand, and the small one liail become a great natbn.' Tlie speaker concluded by a contemplation of the glori ous results of the Gospel in all land*. The choir now sanjj another anthem. Then the Rev R. Fiicher was introduced by the chairman, who said (hat gentleman had been a great blessing to Maryborough. Mr Fiicher now curue forward and said lie hoped every day he would become more ''aWd more conformed to the {mage of God ; it was necessary for the full per formance of his work as a minister of the Gospel. ' England expects every man to do his duty ;' and 80 God expects his servants to do their duty ; he would try to do his duty tint night, and he hoped lie would succeed. It was necessary for all Chris tians to do their duty that the strongholds of Satan might be subdued. Destitution was to be de plored, temporally and spiritually, but God had made a provision for our spiritual destitution. His gifts to man were glorious and great ; his first, greatest, arid most precious was the gift of his own beloved Son, as the Saviour of Men ; next to Christ was the Bible— valuable and precious — worth more than the brightest gem of earth ; riches could not supply its place — it was necessary ; philosophy was no substitute for it ; it was, therefore, the duty of all OlirisiiotiR to seek to spread the Scriptures, and by this means contend against the powers of evil. Look at those two men engaged in deadly etrife ; wounded and bleeding they fall together. There was something of the sublime there, in the muscle and courage of combatants— in body con lending with body ; but a greater sublimity was seen in Bpirit contending with spirit— the soul acting upon the soul. Again, in the army going forth to battle, with its moving columns — their bayonets glittering in the sunlight, and with courage in their looks. Now the war-horse smells the battle and is eager for the fray. On dash the respective and opposing armies — foe meets foe, bayonet meets bayonet, and the earth shakes with the thunder of artillery 1 There is sublimity to be seen there, in the skill, raannuvre, and courage of the armies ; but that sublimity is not to be com pared with the sublimity which is seen in the on ward march of Christianity, overcoming every foe and conquering the world! God has given the world to his Son ; it has to be subdued, and it will be; the Sun of- Righteousness will yet shed its light every where in this world ; we must seek by our prayers to extend the Gospel. Let prophecy he the ground of our prayers— it ipeakB of the Star of Bethlehem, that its glorious light shall be diffused everywhere. Da vnn isk ' what of -h. night, watchman ?' Hark ! ' Hallelujah J— God appears on earth to reign.' Let us then agonise with the Almighty to send forth his light into the world. Let ub be up and doing. The army of the Austrian*' was great, 'well disciplined and equipprf for the enemy ; while the arniy of the BwisBisbuf small rbm- SwireeTland has its hero, jnd as the little army rushes on against the wall of fire from the Austrian musketry, one of the 8wiss JjoJdiers cries, 'Make way for Liberty!' He nghts and falls in ihe breach caused by his valor, out a dozen of his comrades rush through the breach and take up the cry, 'Mate way for 'benyl So with our Christianity : against the «ro of 8atan are we contending; our glorious leader fell in the breach 180O years ago, but we Jollow on, and our cry is « Make way for Liberty !' i'j' P/V «nd work— work for the Church at «edbank to be enlarged and filled with contrite earners; again, pray and work, for we are all pawing away.' . The speaker was greatly cheered upon resuming jus seat. The collection followed, and then the ?uual Vq|aof thanks— to the ladies who had given ana presided at the tea, and to the decorators of K' '2'?1 by th« »ev R. Fitcher, and seconded «L H\Mill»« Mr Howes moved, and Mr Ang 'ew seconded, a vote of thanks to the chair, espe-' ?£l7j*!!?0uin,? Mt Newlind for his playingand *Hoan°f the harmonium; The Rev H.Green !J°°? 'wedi and Mr Thomae sfconded.a vote of £'*?.*? *e chairman, and tbe Rev R. Fitcher, «m1» L*etTICra; Au the votes were carried with ?Tfci »? .' The proceeds amount to about £14. ?-ne Meetintr senant«i .11 .»:.i.m»t«- nu.il ni..u,i -,*' An«wcan newspaper contains the following »Pok nOfVrAm.ende Honorable—We yesterday 3Sw Mr Ha«-uton, of the Chesnut street of '. '*' «h-ng.' Mr H. having complained S,,rJBm.Wlci we willingly retract it, and here state »« M m BalnUton» of the Chesnut street Theatre 