LETTERS HOME. SIR: As letters written home by parties re- siding in this colony must necessarily have great local effect amongst the friends of parties who have immigrated into this country, and more especially amongst intending emigrants, I think if some of these letters were made public they would at least be interesting, if not in- structive. The enclosed was written by a friend of mine, a workman, whose permission I obtained to copy the same, and to make it public if I thought proper to do so. I therefore enclose it to you, trusting it may interest some of your readers, who must bear in mind that it is the production of an uneducated man, and for which reason I trust it will not call down the vengeance of any of your more enlightened " locals." P.S. —I have not time to copy the whole of the letter just now, but as there is some inte- resting matter yet omitted, I shall be glad to send the remainder should you consider the present enclosure worth publishing. Yours, &c;, Nemo. [Copy.] Albert River, December 27,1867. My dear ——, —I harv great pleasure in acknowledging the receipt of your letter by the last mail, containing so much that is inte- resting about our dear friends in the dear old country. Now, as regards sending your son out here, I am loth to give you my advice, especially as I am not well acquainted as to how he is circum- stanced with regard to money, or what his prospects are at home. If he have no money his chances of making it are small, but if he have money I think his chances of losing it are great, but the news- papers which I send you must be your guide ; nor can I satisfy your wish by pointing out anything in particular which can be looked upon as a success—the long drought has dried up everything except the mosquitos, which are now tormenting me most awfully, notwith- standing a volume of smoke issuing from a heap of burning cow dung, a poor substitute for a pastile, and anything but savory; even our local correspondent appears dried up, for I have seen nothing from him of late, notwith- standing that much has been doing in this dis- trict by why of sugar planting. Sugar! sugar! sweet sugar! is the cry everywhere. I believe eight or nine teams of bullocks have been at work on this river alone, all for the planting of sugar, and the workmen on the estate of Mr. H—, at Noyea, had a grand supper the other night in celebration of the completion of the planting of a new block of land, also by this enterprising individual, who, together with himself and friends or relatives, has withheld from public gaze some thousands of acres of the finest agricultural land in this district—such land as might have rendered the Logan farmers independent had they settled here in the first instance; but I suppose this land was too good for poor farmers, so it was never made an agricultural reserve,— and cer- tainly it would have been a pity that such rich land so gifted by nature should have been borne down by the weight of restrictions which the all-seeing wisdom of the Government thought proper to load the broad shoulders of the hard- working Logan farmers with. It was not for one moment to be supposed that the more deli- cate frames of the planters could endure this. There are, I believe, about fifty acres of sugar- cane now flourishing upon this estate of Noyea, all waiting patiently, very patiently, to be crushed into sugar. Some was actually sent to Pimpama to Messrs. B___ , and though it got well crushed in the boats and drays, it did not make good sugar, but made very bad plants. Other cane was sent to Captain Hope's estate at Cleveland, and was made into ex- cellent sugar, a sample of which was re- turned to the Albert River by the en-- terprising manager, Mr. M'D—-—, within eight days of the time of its leaving its native land. This was certainly a success, and proves what can be done with cane; but whether this was a success as regards the remuneration, to the owner I will leave to the local correspondent to divulge. Some say it was more remunerative to the " man with the buggy." " Coming events cast their shadows before them." Last year this district was visited with clouds of flying foxes which darkened the setting sun —they were always busy in the dark; this year the district has been visited by "birds of another color," viz., "men with buggies; "they tell me they are men of business from the great city of B—— (not Beenleigh). One would think that things must be prosperous when men of business leave the great city to visit the duller districts of agriculture; but then why should the farmer look dull, more so than he did when the flying foxes were committing their ravages? I asked one farmer this. Alas! said he, flying foxes only helped themselves to our fruits and then de- parted and were seen no more, but these "men with the buggies" come again and again and help themselves not only to our fruits, but to . our crops, and our houses, and our lands. I was bewildered, but no doubt our local corres- pondent, poor fellow, were he alive now, could explain all, as his farm was also visited by the flying foxes. But there is to be a dinner on New Year's Day; a meeting of the farmers—l beg their pardons, planters— over their —their—what shall I say —prospects, I suppose ; that leaves it open. I have no doubt there is something looming in the future. The ghost of our correspondent will no doubt appear on Pepper's principle ; perhaps (with a copy of "Lindley Murray" in his hand) ; and, should the blood run cold in the veins of the banqueters, mine host of the P. B. will no doubt find good cheer to comfort them, and they can drink " Success to the Land Bill," just before it is rejected by the Upper House, if they look sharp, for it certainly will be; and if this does not drown all their cares nothing will. Beenleigh, where the dinner and general re- joicing is to be held, is, I should explain to you, a flourishing post town. I have no correct account of the number of its inhabitants or its houses, but, besides the Post Office, which is an erection worthy of the place, there is a butcher's shop, a grocer's, a general store, a hotel, reading room, &c;, Ac. A family of the name of T——y appear to have the monopoly of this village or town ; they have the repute of being very liberal, just in their weights and dealings, and are much beloved by all the inhabitants. They were originally from the " Green Island." But, alas! the long drought has extracted the ver dure from everything. Well, here ire are again, endeavoring to answer all the questions contained in your epistle, but how we are to find time to do so is a puzzle to me. I could not find time even to post the former portion of this letter, which I fully intended doing last week. Now a new year has opened upon us, and Beenleigh has heard the "sound of revelry by night." The great day of rejoicing hath come off. The meeting of the Agricultural Association, re- joicing, I suppose, over the speedy termination of their hard labors and small capitals,—Well, it is a poor heart that never rejoices, and who would not rejoice over such a dinner. Yes, such a dinner! as I heard one of the bosh members emphatically exclaim:— O ! ye great gods and little fishes, Where, did they borrow all the dishes ! But what took place at the dinner and at the meeting I must leave to the ghost of the local correspondent to announce. But I am given to understand that the meeting was not nearly so well attended as the dinner, the members feeling inclined, no doubt, to discuss something more substantial than sugar. Besides, there was a contemporary gathering on that said New Year's Day, to celebrate the opening of a new Church, which seemed to offer more attraction to the female persuasion. It was attended by some ladies of very high degree, in these parts. I saw myself two carriages, at least a spring cart and a dray, laden with this precious com- modity. They were attended by two out- riders (on foot). The duty of these attendants was not to clear the road of any un- due intruders, for this had all been provided for by the diligence of the worthy Justice of the Peace and his staff of police ; but their principal duty was to hang on to the backs of the car- riages, and to put their shoulders to the wheels in passing over gullies and creeks, and to catch in their arms any of the precious cargo that might be jolted out, or any articles appertaining thereto. So much for Beenleigh on New Year's Day. May its rejoicings be ten- fold next year is all I wish. But where will then be some of the merry faces that attended the gathering? It is now, as I have said, about seven months since we have had sufficient rain to moisten the earth, and no prospects of it now. About this time last year things looked brighter in the agricultural world. Corn was fetching a high price, and farmers who, with unparalleled vigor and perseverance, had struggled through the unjustifiable imposition fastened upon them by land laws, began to see a ray of hope in the shape of reward for their toil and hardships, as well as for their expended capital. But, alas! the panic which had shaken the city to its very foundation now made its appearance with all its grim aspects in the bush; corn was no longer 5s. 9d. per bushel, but 2s. 9d., and even less. Some rejoiced in a fine crop of cotton, and thought themselves more fortunate than their cereal neighbors. Well they might. The trees bloomed, and looked beautiful. Picking had commenced, and many a tiny voice might be heard among the bushes as they sang their na- tional songs, and extended their little dumpy hands to pick the snow white, flakes from the bursting pods, and carried the frothy baskets to the weighing-machine to receive their rewards, singing and chatting as they went; but just as this had commenced in right earnest, heavy rain set in, followed by a flood and con- tinuous rains, and so the crop was lost. Now was the panic among the farmers—corn at a price that would not pay the tillage of the ground, and the best part of the cotton crop destroyed. Now men of business in the city, tottering under the effects of the panic, became nervous and angry ; and now the "men with the buggies" begin to make their appearance in the bush ; but the stout-hearted farmer is not to be daunted, he is accustomed to contend against circumstances if not against nature, he meets his difficulties fully in the face, and is de- termined to make one more effort to save him self from ruin and the negative mercies of the " man with the buggy." About this time the sugar question was strongly agitated throughout the length and breadth of the colony; meetings were held in various parts of the colony. Many samples of sugar had been produced of a fair quality, some of which had found its way into the Melbourne Exhibition ; but these, with about two excep- tions, consisted of small parcels manufactured by way of experiment by various aspirants to the profession of sugar-boiling; but various experiments made upon a larger scale had met with signal failure. A planter at Cleveland, one of the earliest promoters of this branch of agriculture, had certainly produced about a ton of marketable sugar, but it was attended with great expenditure and severe losses. Another planter at Caboolture, a Captain W—, who came ont here from Clifton about the year 1862, bringing with him a large cargo of draw- ing-room and other furniture, suitable for a town mansion, and, settled in the wilds of the bush, commenced cotton growing, but after- wards turned his attention to sugar, now threw into the market an excellent quality of sugar. The Cleveland establishment is now roused from its apathy, and, under a new and energetic manager, comes forward and offers to the far- mers and planters every inducement for the promotion of sugar cultivation, and every facility for the manufacture of the same at their establishment, upon what they considered most reasonable terms. But I must reserve my remarks upon sugar planting until I answer your questions upon this subject. Suffice it to say that many farmers freely embraced the op- portunity offered them. Boats were discharging their cargoes of cane plants in all directions. The only thing wanted was rain ; but alas! the rain came not; the ground is hot and parched everywhere; it burns the foot that treads on it; all vegetation has the appearance of being pre- maturely baked, and the farmers' hopes are once more blasted. My bush lamp is getting low, and the fleas are getting hungry; so I must for the present say adieu. 