THEATRE ROYAL. On Saturday night at the Theatre Royal the play of Richard III, according to the text of Shakspeare, was produced. The management deserve all honour for an attempt to restore to the stage this great production in the form in which it left the hands of the dramatist, but at the same time we cannot congratulate them on the success of the effort. The principal character was in singularly unfortunate hands, and that being so, no exertions on the part of the lesser actors in the drama, nor any amount of scenic display, could render its production other than a comparative failure. The unskilful ploy-carpentry" of Cibber has always been a favourite subject of invective with critics. No doubt the cutting-up, patching, and re- arranging of any work of Shakspeare is utterly indefensible in a literary point of view; but it may be doubted whether, on the whole, the version of Cibber, disjointed as it is, is not more suited to as theatre whose resources for the production of the highest drama are necessarily limited. "We are bound to admit that the tragedy as played on Saturday night possessed some great advantages. In the first place, although the length of the drama rendered necessary the excision of some scenes and a liberal abridgement of others, no wanton violence was done to the text, either by transposition or introduction. In the next place, the historical continuity of the drama was maintained, and its incidents unfolded in their natural and proper order, With these advantages, if the tragedy had been reasonably well played it might have been a moderate success. The part of Richard was taken by Mr. James Stark, who, it was announced, had expressly studied the part, at an enormous amount of mental labour.'' We have no means of estimating the degree or amount of Mr. Stark's " mental labour ;' we can only say that it has been singularly barren of results. His Richard possessed faults almost too numerous to mention, and had scarcely a redeeming feature. The intellectual strength of Richard's character was totally lost in the representation, and even his exuberant physical energy was poorly portrayed. When Mr. Stark wishes to be passionate and intense he simply months his words and the Lady Anne must have been the weakest of women if she had been overcome by the flattery of her husband's destroyer conveyed in the shrill tones and in the affected attitudes of Mr. Stark. The prominent characteristic of the performance was not exaggeration, but extreme feebleness. The quality of power, which, even above dis- simulation and address, stands out eminent in the character of the cruel Richard, was completely obscured. Lines which in other hands were wont to thrill and awe the audience fell flatly from the lips of Mr. Stark and in brief, the part was shorn of that force and dignity which, even in indifferent hands, has always made it effective as a stage creation. These defects Mr. Stark possesses more or less in common with other actors who have essayed the part of Richard ; but there is one fault in which, so far as our experience of the colonial stage is concerned, he is alone we have never before heard the language of Shakspeare spoken with a Yankee nasal twang. This itself, even if the acting had been otherwise tolerable, would have destroyed the effect of the representation. Mr. Stark's very efforts to overcome his accent only rendered it sometimes more evident, and as he increased in violence the accent grow in strength and tediousness. It is unpleasant to speak of an ambitious performance like Mr. Stark's in these terms; but when a gentleman assumes the part of Richard, after the manner in which it has frequently been played in Melbourne, and assumes it, too, with the object of restoring the original text of Shakspeare to the stage, he must expect candid criticism. Mr. Stark we have no doubt is in some descriptions of plays a good actor, but the higher walks of the drama are beyond his powers. It is needless to say that with the principal part so poorly played, the tragedy went flatly. There was a pretentious list of upwards of forty dramatist personas on the programme, but the great majority of these had little either to do or say, and did and said that little very tamely. Mr. Rayner doubled for the parts of Clarence and Edward IV. The dream he recited with some power ; but as Edward, when he was led in sick, he spoke with a loudness and force quite out of harmony with the scene. Mr, Charles Hall played the Duke of Buckingham, and on his re- appearance at this theatre, after an absence of some months, met with a warm reception. Mr. Harwood appeared in his old part of Richmond, and delivered the martial speeches with force and animation, Queen Elizabeth was represented by Miss June, Queen Margaret by Mrs. Wooldridge, and the Lady Anne by Miss Marion Dunn. All of them acted fairly well and in the scene between the two Queens in the first act, now played for the first time, Mrs. Wooldridge acted with considerable force. The play has been placed on the stage with completeness, and some very pretty scenes have been painted for the occasion. The view of the Thames and London-bridge, with the old cathedral of St. Paul's in the distance, is worthy of Mr. Hennings. The arrangements for the ghost scene were somewhat novel in their character. The tones of Richard and Richmond were embraced in one scene, and were nearly opposite each other, while in the centre the ghosts of Richard's victims rose. The speeches of the ghosts, addressed alternately to the two leaders, had thus additional point. The tragedy is announced for repetition to-night. 