Count Von AVcua at Cape York. The Gladstone Observer bu been told .the following about" Count" Von Attems, by a friend who bad an interview with a passenger from Gape forkThe Hamlet's Ghost, with the spurious Count on board, pnt into Somerset (Cape York), ou or about the 15th August. On being boarded by the police boat, he made inquiries as to whether a frigate bad arrived there, and on being answered in. the affirmative, became agitated and eagerly iuquired about other movements, but appeared relieved when told that tbe vessel was H. M. S. Virago, and that she had left the settlement in January. He re mained oiglit days, and during the whole time kept a sharp look out for vessels in the offing. The captain and crew were dis charged in oomtequeoce of a row between the " Count" and the Captain, in which re volvers were drawn. The crew refused to put the Captain in irons. It appears that the Count bad kept them in awe by threatening to give them twenty-five lashes a-piece, when he fell in with tbe Austrian frigate he waB always expecting. Tbe act ing Pill, induced the crew to re- ship, under a fresh agreement, all but the Capuin and steward who remained behind. While in port the C 'UDt was always dressed io ;be uniform of en Austrian Captain of Cavalry, and wore a 6word when on shore. Qe made a great djsplay of the money he had with him, and purposely l<-ft bills of excHSnge lying about his cabin for visitors Ip see, many of which were filled in for large amounts, and only wauled bis signatory Qesocceeded on imposing'on tbe authorities, taking supplies for his vessel and paying for tbem in bills, wliicb the Raiders will dis cover are as valuable as dfattr npoa Aldgate pump. Among those wljo wei$ swindled were two naturaVisis, one Lamed Thorpe. The Count bought stuff-d bird*, <frc., from them to the amount of about £30, but F'.me slight compunction mutt have touched him, for contrary to curtoni lie paid thrin half in oas-b ni:<] half hy ;i bill. Lin sailed fur Hiitiivia on the «ig(h day, ]<?}ii-iuj letters for tin-Oupliiin "f 111«; AuKirinn I'niMto and l:isi bai.ki'rs in Sydney ! Thy fji^utc was ordered to f-Ilouhiui on to Timor, Tin* c;ipt;iin he has v/ith him is one Austin, Idle miiKturof the '* li^lianC'V which wan wrecked .<11 the S'llmnMii Group. He whp picked up and brought into Howru, whene« he shipped as muti* on board the 44 Hauilei'h Ghost." Two days after she left Somerset, the hcliooner "Cjipuin rook" arrived from I3"\veu with a warrant for tbu arrest of lb* '. C'Uni,'* 