BECOVBBY Am> D/51-ABTÜBE OF PRINCE ALFRED. Msir or run to -nil' euiVTEi IT is i exceedingly gratifying to know that His Royal Highness has sufficiently recovered his health and strength to be able to visit his noble ship and noble heal t(d shipmates again On the morning of the 24th March His Royal Highness los curly and, dar in the forenoon proceeded to the upper portion of the Inner Domain, where he remained some time while the marines of the naval squadron in port were being exercised Shortly afterwards he resolved upon a paying visit to his ship since he felt himself so far advanced on the way to convalescence that, with the aid of a stick he was enabled to walk through the Government, House Gardens to the Government jetty where his huge and her crew were w nothing, to convey him on board the O iluto i His visit was entirely unexpected, but as soon as the Tudor Prince was descried from the ss lips of man lying in Farm Core the men manned the rigging and as the boat passed on her way to the Gilutcu the blue jackets gate three bom ty cheers with which His Royal Highness seemed much gratified The cheers were taken up and re- echoed by a number of seamen on Garden Mind and when the Prince reached the deck of his own ship he was received with the utmost enthusiasm His Royal Highness could scarcely control his feelings and was compelled to retire to his cabin until he felt more composed He then looked through his ship and examined what had been done in the way of refitting her after which between 1 and 2 o'clock he returned on shore, his departure being made the occasion of another beat by outburst of cheering With regard to his wound a faint soul is all that it mains to mark the spot which caused so much apprehension in the public mind His But as Highness is now enabled to move about the house without artifice in support, he is in excellent spirits, and much gratified at his progress towards complete recovery - S H Me/aid, March 25 niAMi.sdn iva toe cut nrcotEiir on the lltlNCE The Bishop of Sydney has issued the following thanksgiving and prayer to be used on March 29 in all the churches of his diocese, and for seven days after, with reference to the recovery of HER the Duke of Edinburgh This is now intended to supersede the necessity of a general day of thanksgiving, which it is hoped His Excellency the Governor will appoint This Prayer to be used after the General Thanks giving -' O Almighty God, who art a strong tower of defence unto 'thy servants against the face of their enemies, we t Reid Thee praise and thanksgiving for the names recently vouch sacred to the Duke of Edinburgh, in restoring him to health and strength We give Thee humble and hearty thanks that Thou didst gra oiously deliver him from the great danger and peril to which he was exposed and we pray Thee to continue thy loving kindness unto him, and to prolong his days upon earth, that he may live to Thee, and be an instrument of Thy glory, by serving Thee faithfully and doing good in his generation. Grant this, O Lord, for Thy mercies' sake in Thy Son, our Lord Jesus Christ, who liveth and reigneth with Thee and the Holy. Ghost, world without end. Amen." In the Communion Service this Prayer to be used instead of the Collect for the Queen : " Almighty God and Heavenly Father, who bust in all ages showed forth Thy power and mercy in the gracious deliverances of Thy Church, and in the protection of them that put their trust in Thee j we yield Thee unfeigned thanks and praise as for Thy many other great and public mercies so especially for that signal and wonderful deliverance vouchsafed to Thy servant the Duke of Edinburgh from the recent traitorous attempt upon his life and as we do this day most heartily and devoutly adore and magnify Thy glorious name for this Thy great goodness vouchsafed to us, so we do most humbly beseech Thee to continue Thy grace and favour towards us, that no such dismal calamity may ever again fall upon us. Strengthen the hands'ofonr Gracious Sovereign Queen Victoria, and all that are put in authority under her, with judgment and justice to cut off all workers of iniquity. Protect and defend our Sovereign Lady the Queen with the whole Royal family from all treasons and conspiracies. Be unto her an helmet of salvation, and a strong tower of defence against the face of all her enemies ; clothe them with shame and confusion, but upon herself and her posterity let her crown for ever flourish. So we Thy people, and the sheep of Thy pasture, will give Thee thanks for ever, and will always be showing forth Thy praise from generation to generation, through Jesus Christ, our only Saviour and Redeemer, to whom, with Thee, O Father, and the Holy Ghost, be glory in the Church, throughout all ages, world without end. Amen." At the Catholic Cathedral, the Most Rev. Dr. Polding, Archbishop of Sydney, and Metropolitan of Australia, caused a pastoral, directing a special public service of thanksgiving to Almighty God for the recovery of His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh, to be read! His Grace the Archbishop was received at the principal entrance to the Cathedral by the clergy of the city and acolytes. The following pastoral was then read by the Rev. M. J. Dwyer : ' Dearly Beloved Children in Jesus Christ, Twelve years ago, in the Lenten Pa total of 1856, I addressed to you the following words - ' ' It has pleased Almighty God in His pro- vidence, to bring us together in this fair land from almost all nations of the civilized earth, doubtless for a blessing, if it be not lost by our own folly and pepper fry " ' Before everything ele- we are Catholics and next, by a name swallowing up all distractions of origin, we are Australian from what soever land we or our parents have arrived father, be it from Ireland, from France from Scotland, from Germany, we are no longer Irishmen, and Frenchmen, and Fnah men, and Scotchmen but Australians, and the man who seeks by word or writing to perpetuate invidious distinction is an enemy to our peace and prosperity The generation of to day is not to answer for the folly and vices of put generations and he who cures, by bringing up the memory of past quarrels and injuries, to avenge himself for the past on the present, is endeavoring to realise the fable of the wolf and the lamb , hatred and violence are in his own spirit, and if this man and that be not guilty towards him, at least some ancestor, he will still have it, was or would have been let us avoid such an unchristian spirit and oil its developments As civilised men, as men of ordinary morality, wo detest and de pass it, as Catholics, we renounce and abhor it That man is a set and a domestic traitor amongst us who, by naming the name of nation, or race, or class, or past injury, stirs up, by sword or pcL one bitter feeling Let us banish all such topics of conversation , let us not encourage such publications as abound with them In such deadly wounds to Christian charity, we cannot imagine any justification, nor will we admit any dangerous extenuations on pretence of custom or expediency ' or custom or expediency ' "And now again, at this solemn moment, when, after the commission of a most detestable crime in our midst, our hearts are beginning to recover from the miserable shock, and to expand in most grateful thanksgiving to our all merciful God, who has averted from our beloved Queen s son, and from us, the fatal consummation of man's wickedness, at this moment I address them again to you, with all the added force that the events of the last few days ought to give them twelve years ago they were uttered in Tour hearing and I do not say I am far, thank ' God from being obliged to say that they were uttered in vain , but I must fear that they have not produced all the effect which I desired from them, all the effect which every consistent and good Catholic amongst you joined me in desiring to see How else could it be that some men have expected that we Catholics should stand out from the body of Australians bei and denounce separately, a crime which is denounced by the very elements of all natural and revealed religion-' How else could it be' His astounding on any other supposition What . come forward on a pillory, for such bad eminence would be a pillory, and say that no really do consider the work of rebellion and disloyalty the north of murder and revenge to be the well of the enemy of God and man It is indeed Humiliating, and I will not believe that our fellow countrymen, our Australian fellow countrymen, can on such a reflection think such a humiliation deserved It can only be that because some for all instructed and ill fed used, have kept up those separating, alienating mia placed recollections and associations, against which so long ago raised the voice of warning and entreaty-it can only be so that the least colourable grounds could have been imagined for expecting a specially Catholic protest against j - - u , until U0UUI9I the crime, which has overwhelmed us with shame and sorrow No, tie are men and Christians, and I am sure, quite sure, that our fellow colonists of New South Wales are just and generous enough to maintain that we have earned amongst them a right not to be deposed from so much regard and consideration as is implied in these titles That there should be amongst us men who are not of us, was to be expected It is so in all communities The unhappy creature who attempted the life of our Prince and guest professes to be a Catholic Be it so But will any man of sense believe that his crime was Catholic It is said that certain priests at Hokitika made a shameful public display of sympathy with public business I know nothing of that disgrace beyond what I have read in the newspapers, but if the case was as it is reported, I can only say that the Church throughout the world condemns and disowns their deed Ordmaiilr, I should feel bound by shame and charity not to speak of the delinquencies of clergymen, but here, always supposing the newspaper reports to be correct, I am compelled by the duty of the greatest charity to declare, in vindication of the great Catholic community, that such on net would be only too sadly in unison with the known antecedents of these particular mon " Catholic principles on the subject of disloyalty and rebellion are as old us, and as well known as, the Church herself From the time when St Paul bade Christians obey and respect the powers that exist, because their power is of of God, even should it bopcrtoiseh and cruelly exercised, down to our own day, there has been the one same voice of the Holy Spirit within the Church Why have secret societies been condemned again and again, but because they have been known to be foci of sedition and rebellion J No member of a secret society, under whatever denomination, can receive, even where he dying, the sacraments of the Church, unless he repent of his fellowship and spies, who might be so wretched us to be an succour place of such society, would be ipso facto suspended and excommunicated "And now, dear ly beloved, best with me if, whilst I protest with all my strength against the notion that you, as Catholics, could be sus- pected righteously of any sympathy for of any lukewarmness' of indignation against, the hideous deed that has been perpetuated, I still I make use of the sad occasion to recall to you my most earnest exhortation, to set your faces like flint against any habits, or societies, or modes of speech which may excite and maintain unfriendly classes or factions. We have many blessings here, we have, too, the afflictions which the good Providence of God permits, but let us not wantonly and wickedly import miseries and enmities. Australians we should all be. We owe j it to each other, we owe it to duty, we owe it to Christianity. And I say, Australia for the Australians, our sole and sufficient nationality under rule of our ever good and gracious Queen, whom, with Her Royal family, may God in His infinite mercy long preserve to us. "And now, dearly beloved invite you all, as many as can be present, to the Cathedral on Sunday evening next. You have already, during the Holy Sacrifice, whilst I was absent and in ignorance of our calamity, offered prayers for the Prince's speedy restoration to health and strength; and I thank you for the generous 1 eagerness and faith of your prayers. On Sunday evening we shall sing the Te Drum in humble, exultant thanksgiving, that it has pleased God to protect and restore the royal guest, whom it is no less our sincere delight 2 than our duty to honor. Come all that can-I C wish the Cathedral were large enough to hold "a all, that do, 1 well know, as their Holy Church w teaches (them, fear God and honor the Queen. v " One word only more. The defilement of I blood, if not bloodguiltiueis, is amongst us, and it was surely a happy thought of some one, I I know not of whom, that a new hospital, the A evidence and fruit of our grateful joy, would be an appropriate expiation. It was a good, and a Catholic thought, and I trust that all the Catholics of the land will promptly bring their a help to realize it. di "tJonx Bjedb, Archbishop of Sydney. w "Feast of the Annunciation of the Massed In Virgin, ISoS. cc S. J. A. SflEEnr, V.G." O The reading of this document was succeeded the by the singing of the " Domine solvam face," the ne usual anthem for the Queen. be THANKSGIVING HTJrX. not At Cordner's great concert, on Monday even- cor ing last, in Sydney, the following thanksgiving ou hymn was sung amidst enthusiastic applause. will The words are written by Dr. Derwent Colo- em Ridge, and the music composed by Mr. Cord- evi her:."' King of Earth ! Great God of Heaven ! Lord of all the mighty main ! Hark, our voices loud in chorus, Cbaunt the glories of the reign : While our grateful hearts re-echo Praises o'er and o'er again, Praise to thee, 0! Power Serene, Eor Alfred, England, and our Queen ! Thou hast saved from death and dangers, From the dastard murders hand, Him the young and high-born stronger, Sent us from our Fatherland : Alfred, gallant Prince and Sailor, Son of Her, who rules the land. Praise to thee, O ! Power Serene, For Alfred, England, and our Queen. Joy for ever ! Joy for ever ! Bound a million hearts as one, Throbbing high with love and gladness, For the mercy Thou hast done : Saved us from disgrace by saving Alfred, Queen of England's Son. Praise to thee, O ! Power Serene, For Alfred, England, and our Queen ! God protect him! God direct him ! This our hearts' own loyal strain ; Guard his path across the waters Back to England safe again. Back to England, Home, and Mother, Back to England's Queen again ! Praise to thee, O ! Power Serene, Eor Alfred, England, and our Queen ! In Brisbane prayers were offered for the recovery of the Prince at the churches of all denominations, and when that recovery became assured public devotional services for the purpose of rendering thanksgiving to God for the preservation of the life of the Duke of Edinburgh, were held in the Albert Street We levon Chapel, on Mar 23, morning and even ing On each occasion there was a very large congregation The morning service was conducted by the Rey B G Wilson, and fervent prayers of thanksgiving were offered up by several ministers and laymen present in the evening?, the Rev E Griffith presided, and the following ministers were also present -the Bey Messrs Piddington, Wodehouse, Parkinson Griffiths, Mossop, M'Gavin, B G Wilson, Caldwell, and Buckle A very eloquent and appropriate address was delivered by Mr M Gavin Both the morning and evening con- gregations evinced deep interest in the services in the various churches of the Anglican com mumon services of a similar character took place, and special thanksgiving services, including the singing of a le victim, were offered at St Stephen's Catholic Church. The Nonconformist ministers participating) the services held at the Wesleyan Church, adopted, and have sent to Her Majesty, the following address - To Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Vic Iona "Madam, Permit us, Christian ministers in Brisbane, to approach your Majesty with our Christian sympathy and affection We have ever cherished towards tom Majesty and the several members of your Majesty's family, feelings of the strongest attachment, and in all that concerns your Majesty's person have taken, and yet take, a deep and devoted interest "The intelligence which by this mail reaches you from Australia will fill you with pain and sorrow You beloved son who has visited our shores with join Majesty's land re guards, and who for your sake, as well as for his own, has been welcomed in these colonies with exultant gratitude and joy, has been murderously assailed An agent of some secret conspiracy lins cruelly and treacherously attempted his life in the midst of great general enjoyment, when every heart this bounding with joy and confidence, the a tempt was made. It was made cowardly and desperately, but it failed Through the kind and wonderful interposition of Providence the base intention was frustrated, and through the con (tuned goodness of God the Prince is convalescent This attempt to take the life of a son. will cause your Majesty the deepest vexation Fear and orion and regret mil tumultúatela your bosom and rack you still anguish "It has caused the greatest possible excitement through all the colonies of Australia indignation and shame, resentment even the most impassioned and tenement bare untrer sally been manifested, and if, in the circumstances, sympathy could support and relieve the soul, your Majesty will be fully assured that the deepest and most extended sympathy is felt and displayed " In common with our fellow citizens and subjects, the elim o in that feeling, and have joined with them in a public indignant cocoa tion of the deed But, as Christians, we felt that something more was requisite On the Sabbath after the net we addressed our congie gallons on the subject, and a united meeting of our Churches was convened for a grateful acknowledgment of the goodness of God in pro set ring the life of the Prince The meeting was a crowded one, and the strongest interest was manifested Prayers, ardent and sincere, were offered up for your Majesty and the Prince, and, as the effect of these interesting and mi incisive services, we are induced to approach your Majesty, humble and obediently, with our Christian condolence and warmest possible affection "May the Lord who has so wonderfully in purposed on behalf of the Prince, and thus pro ten ed your Majesty and your Majesty's family from a bitter and painful bereavement, continue His great goodness " May the Spirit of all consolation and comfort be shed on ton plentifully from on High and may your Misery be long spared to rule the cinpiiowith wisdom, and disease through society the holy influences of Christian faith and piety, is the ardent player of your Majesty's loyal and devoted subjects " Brisbane March 24, 1808 " The address of sympathy for, and condolence with, H K If the Duke of Edinburgh, drawn up by the committee appointed at the in Brisbane public meeting held a short time back, has been sent to His Royal Highness in Sydney. It is beautifully engrossed on parch- ment, and is very handsomely though not elaborately illuminated. It reflects great credit upon the taste and skill of Mr. H. Houghton, who was entrusted to prepare it. The address is 03 follows-We His Royal Highness on Prince Alfred Ernest Albert, Duke of Edin 0 j burgh, Earl of Kent, Earl of Ulster, Duke of Saxony, Prince of Saxe-Coburg, Gotha, ia, in. May it please your Royal Highness, We, the citizens of Brisbane, in public meeting assembled, are anxious to give expression to our feeling of profound sympathy with your Royal Highness, and to assure you of the deep sorrow, regret, and indignation with which we received the tidings of the atrocious attempt on 1 your life. No language can adequately describe our abhorrence of the perpetrator and instiga- tors of this dastardly outrage. We congratu- late your Royal Highness on the prospect of speedy recovery, and devoutly pray that Almighty Providence may continue to bless and protect you," The address of condolence adopted by the Municipal Council on March 19 was taken to Government House on Tuesday last by his Worship the May or and Alderman Backhouse, who requested His Excellency the Acting-Governor to forward it to His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh on the earliest opportunity. It was sent the next day by the mail steamer. It is very neatly written and illuminated by Mr. H. Hoghton. THE DEPARTURE. Monday, the 6th of April, will be memorable in the annals of New South Wales as the day on which the gallant sailor Prince with whose visit is associated some of our most jubilant, and some of our most mournful, reminis- cences left the colony for the mother country. Our readers scarcely need be reminded here that the orginal intention of His Royal Highness was to visit New Zealand and other places before returning to England, and that that intention was frustrated by the effect of a crime, committed by a miscreant whose name throughout the long future of the Australian colonies will be synonymous with infamy crime whose enormity words are weak to express. It is evident that the projected visit to New Zealand has been abandoned with much reluctance ; but much as His Royal Highness desired to visit this distant possession of Her Majesty, yet in deference to the judgment and advice of those whose opinions were entitled to consideration, he abandoned his intended visit and determined to proceed direct to England. This decision having been arrived at, it was thought advisable that His Royal Highness should leave as early as was consistent with his health, and some days ago Monday was fixed upon for his departure. At 8 o'clock on Monday morning, pursuant to orders from the Commodore, all the war vessels in port dressed ship. The Royal Standard was hoisted at the main of the Galatea and Challenger, and Royal salutes were fired simultaneously by all the ships. The Trinity House flag was displayed at the Galatea's fore, and the St. George's ensign at the mizzen. At half-past 12 o'clock a considerable number of gentlemen who had been specially invited to meet His Royal Highness, assembled at Govern- ment House, and at a few minutes to 1 o'clock the Prince entered the reception-room, and saluted the invited guests as each passed before him. Shortly afterwards the Countess of Belmore, accompanied by Miss Gladstone, Mrs. Beresford, and Mrs. Lambert, entered, and a move was at once made towards the luncheon room, His Royal Highness, escorting the Countess of Belmore, leading the way. At the termination of the luncheon, His Excellency the Governor said,-" Gentlemen, I beg to give you the health of Her Most Gracious Majesty the Queen." The toast was received with the warmest manifestations of loyalty, and was followed by three hearty cheers. His Excellency then said I am sure that the toast which I have now the honor to propose the health of the Royal guest of New South Wales (hand cheers) would, under any circumstances, be received by his company with the utmost loyally and enthusiasm, but more especially will in be so now, when we have to rejoice at the escape of His Royal Highness from an attempt upon his life at once both treacherous and deliberate; whilst we have humbly to render up our thanksgivings to the great Disposer of Events, that Jfo has been graciously pleased to give visible effect to those prayers which, week after week, ascend up to His throne from the faithful subjects of the Queen, for the welfare and prosperity of Her Majesty and every member of her family. I give you the health of His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh. The- toast was received with the utmost enthusiasm. His Royal Highness, crowns so much affected as to be unable to speak for several seconds, said (as soon as the cheering had subsided), " Gentlemen,-I have no doubt you will allow me to read the few words that I desire to say to you, as I do not feel equal to the task of speaking extempore (Encouraging cheers ) In returning you my best thanks for drinking my health, I must express my regret at having to buy youfnieitel!, and I take this opportunity of thanking you for the enthusiastic and hospitable manner in which I have been received and entertained in this as well as all the Australian colonies The universal manifestations of loyalty (The Queen, and attachment to her per on and Hu one, have, seen (his, been made known to Her Majesty, and cannot fail to have given her. The liveliest pleasure (Applause) I must now, however, allude to the unfortunate occurrences connected with myself, which marred your testifies and coat a temporary gloom over the community I sincerely regret, onyourpart,thatthcie should havoorisenoiit one incident during my sojourn amongst you we bull should have detracted from the general satisfaction which I believe my visit to Australia has given (Loud and prolonged cheering) The event, however, cannot in any degree shake my conviction of the loyalty of the colonists at huge -(applause) nor Her Majesty's confidence in her Australian subjects Indeed, the meetings and expressions of sentiments which have been called forth by the recent attempt on my life will show their fellow subjects at home, and the world at large, that they not only have loyalty, but affection for their Queen and her family (Cheers) If there is any disaffection tending to disloyalty amongst any community in any section of this portion of Her Majesty's dominions it will be the duty of the Government to put it down, and I am certain that here it will receive every support from all classes (Pi longed cheering ) Through the merciful interposition of Providence the injury I received was but slight, and I believe no further evil consequences are to be anticipated from the wound (Loud cheers) It has, however, been considered that I shall be unequal to any great exertion for some time, and therefore, it has been decided that it would be most advisable for me to return home direct It is a great disappointment for me not to be able to visit to New Zealand and I am afraid it may also very much disappoint the people there by thanking you once more for your kindness to me during my visit, I must tell you how much I have enjoyed it, and regret that it comes to an end to deal Before I conclude I will ask you to join me in a toast I propose ' Prosperity to the colony of New South Wales, and as this is the last opportunity I shall have of addressing an assembly of Austin li ins, I beg to couple with it the toast, * Pros portly to all the Australian colonies '" The address of His Royal Highness was received with the most enthusiastic cheering 'The toast was warmly received, and immediately afterwards the company retired from the room At a few minutes to 2 o'clock His Royal Highness left Government House, and proceeded down through the grounds to the Government stairs, being accompanied to the place of of embarkation be His Excellency the Earl of Belmore and the gentlemen with whom His But as Highness had taken luncheon A guard of honor, consisting of the men of the 60th Regiment, received His Hot as Highness on the wharf; and in the immediate vicinity were thousands of people all' eager to get a last glimpse at (the Prince. Soon after 2 o'clock the guns at Dawe's Point Battery announced the fact that His Royal Highness was about to embark on his homeward voyage. As he took his seat in his barge, accompanied by Lord Newry, Lieutenant Haig, the Hon. Eliot York, and' Mr. Brierley, the loyalty of the crowds assembled in the vicinity broke forth in tumultuous cheering, and a cloud of white handkerchiefs fluttering in the breeze showed that the fair sex were not amongst the least demonstrative of Her Majesty's subjects. While the reports of the first guns from the battery were yet reverberating, orders were given on board the men- of-war to mon yards, the Challenger then joined in the Royal salute, and was followed by the Galatea and Charybdis : the reports of the heavy armament of the Prince's frigate being easily recognised above all the others. The Galatea's barge was escorted by a gig from each of the other ships of the squadron, and on arriving off the bows of the Galatea the crews laid on their oars until the firing ceased. His Royal Highness and party then went on board, and were received by the officers in full uniform. At the invitation of His Royal Highness, a number of the gentlemen whom he had met at luncheon went aboard and were shown over the ship. The Countess of Belmore, Miss Gladstone, Mrs. Beresford and party, who were amongst the visitors, were escorted round the ship, and the various or- j rangements for the voyage pointed out by His Royal Highness. About 3 o'clock The crew J mustered on the upper deck, and Mr. Mont- ^ gomery was presented with a very massive sap- | j I phire rims um! ».> 5-4. phire ring and an address. His Excellency the Earl of Belmore and Commodore Lambert visited the ship shortly before 4 o'clock, and after a short stay the vice-regal party paid their farewell respects to their late guest and several of the officers, then returned ashore. A few friends of the officers remained on board until the ship was moored a rather tedious process, which was only completed about 6 o'clock. Just prior to that hour, this seen yachts belonging to the Royal Squadron, headed by the splendid new cutter Mistral, bear ingCoinmodoroDaigar'sHag, ranupfromDoublo Buy, jibbed off Fort Macquarie, and in passing the warvesseläsalutedtlieCiiallongeraudGalatea. At this time there could not have been less than a couple of hundred boats about the ship filled with people. Mrs. Macquarie's Point, the space round Fort Macquarie and along towards the Botanic Gardens, were densely massed with persons anxious to witness the Prince's departure. The steamer Morpeth generously placed at the disposal of the public by the direction of the company-the Phantom, Vesta, Herald, Breadalbane, and Fairy, filled with passengers, waited off Fort Denison, to escort the departing voyagers to the Heads. In the evening a royal salute was fired by the Vernon. The rays of a glorious Australian moon had already lit up the scene era the notes of " Home, sweet home," by the band of (ho Challenger, came stealing over the waters the ensign of the Galatea then gave place to two lights at the golf end, side lights were adjusted, adieus were exchanged between friends in boats and those on board the frigate, the engines resumed their duties, and the Galatea's voyage commenced. As soon as it was perceived that she was moving out of ' Farm Core, cheer after cheer was given by the ships about Fort Denison, the occupants of the boats which studded the harbor, and the assembled multitudes ashore. On every rock and rising ground from which a view of the harbor could be obtained, crowds of people stood and took a long and last look at the noble vessel as she sped through the water on her way back to the dear old country, which so many of us call " home." The steam flotilla followed in the Galatea's woke down to the Heads, which were reached about 8 o'clock, (the tide being then full, and giving plenty of water over the bar Oil" South Head the Breadalbane burned blue lights and discharged a shower of rockets Farewell cheers were given for the Prince and came t wishes expressed that prosperous gales might vouchsafe a safe and speedy voyage to the mother country Some of the steamers lingered at the Heads until the receding outlines of the noble frigate faded away to the eastward, and a cloud of smoke was all that remained to indicate that Chinese she was pursuing The hornets and passage will be made via Cape Horn, and efforts will be used to arrive in England as soon as possible after the receipt of the mail which left here on the 27th ultimo The Galntoti bus about 800 tons of coal in her bunkers, and if a further supply is needed (to expedite her voyage she will call it Ascension 