THE KIAMA GHOST VANISHING. The first act in the "Kiama Mystery" farce has been played — a revelation has at last been made and we find at the commence- ment, that two statements which Mr.Parkes made to his constituents at Kiama are en- tirely without foundation, viz., that 500 special constables were sworn in for the protection of H. R. H. the Duke of Edin- burgh, and that the Government was aware before the arrival of the Prince that an attempt would be made upon his life. On the first point Mr. Parkes now, after being driven into a corner, admits that he was wrong — and Mr. Martin utterly denies, on behalf of the then Government, all know- ledge of any conspiracy. Mr. Parkes had on the paper a motion calling upon himself to produce and lay on the table all papers connected with the conspiracy, now in his own possession. But when the time arrived, Mr. Parkes conveniently arranged to be absent ; but Mr. Macleay had, with considerable fore- thought, provided against such a contingency arising, and had a motion to appoint a se- lect committee to enquire into the matter, and, as a reason for the necessity of the committee, urged, in addition to the de- sirability for allaying the excitement in the public mind, and removing the stigma attached to the colony for harboring conspi- rators, some instances that had come to his knowledge. One ' Benedict,' a professional informer, having offered his services to the Police (which were declined) went to Mr. Parkes and offered, at the price of £1000 per head, to denounce some ten Fenians in Svdney and two in Ballaiat. That his valuable services were retained, or at all events his offer entertained, appears proba ble from the fact of Mr. Parkes' lending him a sum of £30, to be leturned in a month. How singular to lend a man of this class a sum of £30 from the Public funds! Fearful and horrible the conse quence of this* proceeding might have been if this 'Benedict' could have found a spirit evil as himself to work with him— for at a time when wild excitement ran high and a very proper feeling of indigna tion pervaded the public mind, to even hint at a want of loyalty on the part of any one would have been to subject him to indignities persecution . and perhaps lynching. Then a person styled ^Profes sor Mac' who is said to have received some £4 blood-money at which hei appears to have been discontented is how ' non est.' The, notorious ' Miller' who «' for important'' information given to '; the police,' {but . of which the Inspecto^General seems quite ignorant) /was pardoned by his ?? Excellency at the recommendiiiph of Mt: Patk&? The ! story of : thtfOOfepeciiil' wa^^^it^, asserted at Kiama by Mr. Parkes were' '* actually sworn in for the protection of the-, .?. Prince on his landing, turns out to be a j mis-statement. This was reluctantly ad- '?'.'? mitted by Mr. Parkes, upon the production , of a ' memo,' initialled and approved of by ; Mr. Parkes himself too, from Captain M'Lerie informing Mr. Parkes, that, in :' consequence of the Orange societies ?''.' having promised to abstain from any party exhibition, the 500 specials author ized by Mr. Parkes to be sworn in, lest the Orange procession should create riots, and for the protection of the nurse girls and i the children at the barriers, were not now required. It really seems, at first sight, incredulous that Mr. Parkes, believing all ' '[ the information he received to be correct '.'. - —information of .a, conspiracy horrible and appalling to a degree — -should have acted in this indiscreet manner^ The papers ' were actually 'in type, and Mr.' Martin deemed it impoitic- to create excitement by the publication -of; these documents, and yet Mr. Parkes hurries to unburc!en hiin -elf of this all- important secret, and journies. to Kiama to announce a series of atrocious and .mysterious crimes, causing an immense amount of excitement in the public mind, and reflecting upon the credit' and the patriotism of the colonists.. This great secret, which, for State .reasons, was actually taken out of the printer's hands and the type dispersed, is confided to i his Kiama constituents; and then, having availed himself, artfully, of an unfortunate indiscretion of a brother Minister to resign his office of Colonial Secretary,, he, when no longer a Minister, assisted in abstract- '.\ ing the papers referring to- this -conspiracy — papers which, according to Sir William Manning's opinion,' were State papers, ,; because they came into Mr. Parkes' pos~ '.'?. session as Colonial Secretary, and not as '. Mr. Parkes — papers, too, of terrible importance, for if there had been ; this foul conspiracy, it might at any time break out again ; and surely, for the protection of the colony, the Colonial Secretary of the day ought to be in pos- ' session of all information on so important a subject. But no — the astute Mr. Parkes, arrogating to himself a power to wl.ich, as a private member he had no right, not : only abstracts these papers and keeps them, in his own possession, but refuses to pro duce them, till they are positively wrenched from him by Mr. Macleay's motions and the Premier's threat of employing force. And now they are on the table. At least so many of them as Mi. Parkes in his con descension may think proper to produce. Is this conduct befitting an ex- Minister ? — one whose lofty ambition would urge him to even higher flights in pursuit of the Premiership, or it may even fee the Governorship of the colony. I3 this the man likely to be honored with the con fidence and esteem of all classes ? — We may perhaps find a ready answer in the re ception the hon. member met with at the nomination of Mr. Wearne, a gentleman, :: ?.;) who deserved a worthier proposer, and whose cause suffered in consequence of this indecent act on the part of an ex- Minister, who, with a motion of want of confidence against the Robertsonian Government still pending, actually had the audacity to en deavour to secure one more vote to assist him in his great scheme, and make Mr;/ ; :.rvi Wearne himself a stepping stone to his am bition and greed for power and place at any i: ' ' *M price. The reception at the hustings must have convinced him full well that the people would not tolerate acts of despotism and tyranny — would not support one who could sanction the ' unjustifiable exien diture of public money' (as Mr. Martin termed it) by giving bonuses to already over paid ' extra clerical assistants — who could deem it consistent to provide^ from the public funds, cabs for the con- ? veyance of his supporters to and from the House, in case of division to enable him and his Government to retain office — who could spend some £98 on a pio-nic to a chosen few — employ special trains for pleasure, and to take him to his ' ain fire side' each evening — who, by a series of :mis statements, had created intense excite ment, and fomented religious discord— - who, to gain his long-cherished aim, with. Jridecent haste, moved a vote of censure upon an untried Government, contrary to every idea of fair play and constitutional practice; Mr. Parkea must have bitterly felt this ? when, at the time he' was 'receiving; a severe' castigation from Mr/ Robertson j&r; his mitf-sta^mehts, cheers for Robertson: a$4 greaaa for Parkea were lieapd peifr ' ;.'*?.. T v ? ; '?!?-? ?/-.;?'' .-'?;. ;:?????? ? ????'? ;; '?*?-? ;- *-' :y: '? -'. rmoLM (?.*??? I ?'? ^ ?''-??'?'! i- ?????:????'? \J -^: -??'??' : : ':: ? ; ? i SfS t^^M.«^ chamber. Mr : ? -Ptofces-^niist he ciii-eful lest, liavft* ruthlessly deserted his friends iu their hour of eed? j in Lis tuEn ^ ^ alone; he must beware lest his ambition tempts him t? climb t0 t0Q a h ^ and he experience a 'great fall,' like that o her illustnom ; would-be-elevated manni kin—« Huinty Dumpty.' 