ASHWELL. (From a Correspondent.) The favorable weather has laid the showers of dust on the Old North Road, and the equinoctial showers have caused the grass to spring, thus helping to revive the farmers' lingering hopes. Although the defects of the late harvest are still severely felt, a good few have again buckled too with right good will. The first visit of the Chief Inspector since the mastership of our village school was confided to Mr. F. W. Holden, took-place on, Friday, the 3rd inst., and it is believed a favorable report was given, although not one of the trustees or member of the District Council was present, or knew of the affair till it was all over. It would be as well to lighten our darkness in these matters, for education is a subject that must be prominent in the future. In electioneering matters imagination is not slumbering. The farmers must look to it, for their interest is the interest of the country, the country's interest is their children's interest. It would be offensive to continue such a ghost as the last Parliament, its rusty account is clcs id for ever. For the agricul turist it had nothing but subtelty, and it was rotten at the core. The staff of life no more be entrusted in the bands of the same members, neither should time be trifled wit'i by the electors. When we see looming in the distant horizon of legislature, a dozen despo& striving by political dodgery to gain thg pre dominance of t ie whole country and people, and vote by ballot has hitherto 'been a mockery to the many — when we see a few in the high sty'e beginning to tatter on ffrgii' enemies — we may conclude ^$l&'even the grand Duke of Snobs may be numbered yet in the Ministry, and Lord ph|eslee7e may again . have to strike out into cold quarters. The question of payment^ members ia fast gaiu ing ground ki spite 6f able pens. It matters littioyvrho --beefed the eat in either or the land the change will come. It wiR be far Better for members to go into Parlia ment for payment than pillage. It would bo disreputable to say all help themselves by way of concessions, but the farming interest that has so lately suffered so much, hasbeen -1onw^ the smallest relief, and even this single action turns the tables in favor of payment of mem bers. How is the labor to be supplied? Whetjp are the candidates - at present for legislative honors who even try to unvail this 'inysierr ? Two thirds of them, if they meSu what they say, think we must shut up shop. Another party is a little more /jopeful, thinking if wa were to have an attractive land system, some thing might be done. Others are crying oat that the labor market is bare, a'titoogh thej» are aceustomed to- see swagsmen about every day. Farm labor they say is as scarce as ever, and yet they gp about the country preaehing to farmers to grow wheat for the purposes of exportation. Now -to do this with dear l&nd;^ ? dear labor, and a tax upon implements; is a question, agriculturists would do well to- | consider ion polling day. . I i* - - ^ . i ''?M ' ' ' ? ' ? ? - \ ?Res B8AB Bosewobtht. — A fire broke oat on Tuesday evening^ the &Isfc; ! ult., at Boseworthy, by whieh a stack of hay belonging to Mr. John Toang i was totally eonsamed. Contrary to their usual custom, Mr. Young ^ ^ fiunily were ail absent from hoine, and they wer© not aw^re of what had hap pened until mid-diy on the Wednesday, By tbe exertions of tbe neighbors living around, the fire, which was first seen about half-past 10 p.m., was ejjii^ [^uiahed 