MR. FLEMING'S MEETING; To the Editor of. tlte. Newcastle C/ironicTe. Sir — Lost night I attended Mr. Fleming's meeting at. the Co-operative Storo, and though on entering the room 1 was favourably disposed towards Air. Fleming, yutl assure you, much as I admire a truly independent man, I was rather taken aback at the indilfurunt manner, in which he so emphatically re minded tho ratepayers that it was not he but tlwy that wero under a great obligation to him for. tho favor ho was doing them .by consenting to stand as n candidate ;. at the same. time remarking that- ho had been in Newcastle for tho last thirty-two years, nnd further that hu had known Mr. Sparke from his boyhood and believed -him to i-e an upright and straightforvrard man. Another speaker at the meet ing remarked that both the candidates were good men only the ghost of connection troubled some fetf persons und operated against Mr. Sparke. Now, Mr. Editor, ihough I am by no means Hannellistic, this objection has no weight with me. 1 frequently hear it said 'O! buc he (Mr. Sparke) is connected with the Hannell's,' Grunted, yet I cannot mis trust a man against whom I have never yet heard an accusation brought. But on the other hand I havo frequently heard it said ' Mr. Sparke is both a gentleman at:d' a friend.' I myself care not for, his favors, yot. I cannot nor will not see him run down by thoso even that ho has so often befriended. Then, again, it is said that he is'ybungand no speaker, j In this latter respect, sir,' does Mr, Fleming !6xcel him? 1 think not. Ago and experiencojgo together, and I suppose the others as a sequence do also. 1 1 is from the young the greatest amount of usefulness is to be expected ; ' therefore-, when you have the choice of 'a good bottomed' man with youth on his side, you ought ta trust him to Berve you, as by so doing you will secure him as your advocate and friend. As regards 'the gas question no sane man can deny that it is right to have gas in a place like Newcastle. But whether it is denied or not it must come, and by fur-seeing persons is looked upon as accomplished already, X'10- matter of cost I look upon as a question of grave importance, and very opportune j\ist at the present time. Fifteen shil lings per 1000 feet seems tome an enormous price to pay, located as we are. at the very mouth of the pit. ' Besides there should bo a considerable allow ance made to a Corporate body requiring so much compared wit u tho quantity consumed by an ordinary consumer. The Gas Company say .they find lamps, i&c.;, but those I look upon as dead utock — it being in fact their own property protected by. law; the .other part, viz., the cleaning, lighting, Ac, will be but a very small item, compared with the receipts from tho Corporation. The Gas Company appear to me to be in a great hurry to get back capital, and that too with a. good return in the bargain. Look at their report in Saturday's Chronicle. Thus I hold witli Mr, SparKe in speuKing upon tno gas question, and saying as he said, that it is one of the moat im portant issues in , the election. Mr. Sparke, be it remembered, distinctly stated that if the city could be lit at a reasonable rate he would support it, but the figures so ably put' forward by Mr. Bolton con clusively show that it cannot bo done for 3d. in the pound as stated in the company's report. . Jt is well therefore, gentlemen, 'to. eloot a man who will look carefully to the expenditure in relation to this mat ter—such a man is Mr. Sparko. \ trust, therefore, that the friends of this. gentleman will bestir. thoni- selves energetically and secure him a triumphant majority. — I have the honor, &c;, ? / ' , ' ALFRED STEELE. 