THE ROMANCE OF THE BLUE BOOKS. hi. PURSUED BY FATE. Immediately on the arrival of the officials, they went, without holding any intercourse with Joseph, to view the bedy of the murdered woman, which was still lying at the back of the hut, under the verandah, in the same position as that in -which it had been first discovered. And now it is necessary to give the magistrate, Mr. Mack's, description of what he saw prior to entering the hut and hearing Joseph's details. He found the woman lying under the verandah, partly on her side, partly on her face. It set med as though she had been washing wool at a small tub, which stood on a stool against the ICIOUUbU Hit VUcfc n hfi vvvUl 111 lac lUU &I1U; some on the ground, as though it had fallen from her bands. She had evidently been struck from behind, on the back of the head, and knocked down ; and when she had fallen, the blows had been repeated until her head had been chopped almost to pieces, and been Tendered barely recognisable. An axe, stained with blood, was standing against the door post, and was taken possession of by the police. They next went down to examine the place where the bodies of the boys had been found by Joseph. The path which led through the scrub was very natrow, being not more than a foot wide. Soon after entering the scrub Mr. Mack's attention was directed to a pool of blood, which too surely marked the sp it where tbe first boy hBd been knocked down. Just at this point the water made a bend, and round the corner of the course, only a few yards further on, another blood-stained patch showed where the second boy had fallen under the blow of the assassin. Here were found the small tomahawk which the boys had bi en wont to carry, and with which the felon deed had been committed, and, glistening in a mingled mass of blood, brains, and hair, two pieces of bone, each about an inch square, which had been cut from the skull of the still-living boy. From what he saw it appeared to the magistrate that the murderer, who ever he might have been, bad purposely sent the boys out of the way, on an errand, to fetch water from the creek. In their absence the woman had been mur dered by an unexpected blow from behind, and then the hot s had been met on their return, and had, one by one, been struck down. This examination over, the blacka -were directed to make a careful search for trackB in every direction. With the peculiar tact which almost amounts to an instinct in the Australian aborigines, the natives set about the woik fur wbich their bush habits so spe cially fit them, quartering, the ground in every direc tion, ae a well-bred pointer will quarter a stubble field, and then making long, sweeping circles round the spot upon which the mur derer must have trodden when he went to or came f.om the spot where he slew his youthful victims. Between tbe hut and tbe scrub tbe ground was more particularly examined. Up and down the creek, as well as through the scrub, tbe search waa prosecuted with the greatest care — Mr. Mack and the superin tendent, both good bushmen, lending their assistance. From the cature of the ground, being composed of the rich soil which usually borders upon a creek, any track would have been readily discoverable, whilst the physical character of the spot was also favour able to the object they desired. On each aide of the path through the scrub grew long rank green grass, about eighteen inches high, which would have given unmistakable evidence of any footstep which should press it down. And yet, even the sharp sight of the aborigines could not discaver a single blade displaced on either side of the track. The season had also been a moist one, and the rich soil, soft from recent rains, would have seized and retained the impress of every foot that passed oyer it. And yet no strange footprint was found. Neither could the tracks have been obliterated by sheep, for tbe flock had not passed that way — iu fact, it could not do so, for the scrub was too thick to allow the passage of sheep. No track of any kind was to be found, except those of Joseph, made ae he declared, and as the magistrate thought probable enough, when going down to, and when coming back with, the bodies of his boys. The carefully conducted search bad thrown no light upon the mystery, and Mr. Mack now returned to the hut, and proceeded to hold a magisterial inquiry into the cause of the deaths. Joseph was first examined. Indeed he was the only witness, for the chief constable and Lunpby could speak to nothing but the state iu which they found the bodies when they arrived. Joseph, however, could throw but little light upon the mystery. He could only tell how he had left his family when he quitted them in the morning, and how he had found them on his return in the evening. ' Have you no suspicion of anyone r' asked Mr. Mack. ' No,' replied Joseph, ' I don't know anybody that would do it !' ' Have you bad no one about tbe place whom you would suspect of committing this murder ?' ques tioned the msgis'.rate. 'No. Nobody lately,' answered Joseph. 'Have you bad no one at all about your place, lately r' continued Mr. Mack. ' No,' said Joseph.' ' Tbe last man I saw about tbe place was a atockkecper of the Clarks, who was looking for a dog he lost. ' 'When was that ?' ' About three week ago !' It seems that Joseph had the unhappy knack of forgetting the most material portion of his evidence, at tbe time when it was most material that such portions of evidence should he given'. As he had for gotten to tell the doctor about the bluestone which had been found mixed in the sulphur, so now he forgot to tell the magistrate that he had seen Dynch on tbe day of the murder coming to the station. In the absence of anything like the shadow of suspicion in any other direction, Mr. Mack ordered the police to teke JoBeph into custody. The house was then carefully searched throughout, but: no ^race of the , missing. money was, to be found. Every effort was also made to obtain something like a clue from the wounded boy, but though his eyes wi re open, and though he would grasp spasmodically ant thing that was placed in his hands, he was utterly unconscious of all save the bodily pain he was Buffer ing, and conscious of that only in an unreasoning kind of way, as evinced by a constant succession of low moans. L-sts were shown to him, with all the names which could be remembered, of persons resident in the neighbourhood, and he was asked to point out that of foe murderer ; or the names were tead over, and be was asked to make some sign when that of the murderer was pronounced ; but he made no sign, gave no evidence of comprehension. Nothing more was to be gained by remaiaing on the spot, so foe magistrate Tttumed home to ponder over the case, and JoBeph was removed to the CaBino lockup — and here may be said to end the second act of the tragedy. The third act of our tragedy commences too much, for my taste, in the style of one of the transpontine mi lodrames— one of those blood and murder, ghost and blue fire affairs that were once so populuar at foe old Coburg and Surrey theatres. There is certainly no blue fire in our tragedy, but there is foe orthodox ghost. And not one ghost only, but a whole bevy of foem — so numerous indeed that it would have puzzled the patent of even foe celebrated Mr. Pepper to have reproduced them... .Then again, they were hardly iu foe melodramatic style) for though they came to denounce the murderer of their bodies, they formed a kind of comforting beatific vision to the poor incarcerated father. Iu fact, te bring comfort seems to have been their only object, or else they must have been any but persevering ghosts, for their visit was unattended by any other result. Joseph had been in foe lock- up four days ; and ou the morning of foe fifth day he announced to the lock up keeper that he now knew for certain who was foe mui defer of his wife. Constables do not indulge in surprise, and the lock-up keeper was in the police, hie therefore expressed no astonishment, but merely asked how foe discovery had been made. Joseph informed foe lock up keeper that the spirits of his murdered wife and children had appeared to him, and had told him they met their deatliB at the hands of Dynch. The lock-up keeper shook his head. His first idea was, ' That game won't do I ' He thought Joseph was trying to gammon mad. It wbb only a thought, however, for what he said was, ' Tell us all about it.' And Joseph did tell him ail about what he had seen and what he had heard. The policeman remained stern and unmoved, however much foe man who was concealed beneath the official jacket might have quailed in heatt before the horrors of the ghoBt story. Asa constable he was bound to look at it in a practi cal point of view, and he didn't see how any tangible evidence was to be got out of these ghosts, though they were numerous enough, if they could only have been got into Court, to have secured a verdict for anything. However, he was determined to get evi dence of some kind out of it, even if he could not sub poena the ghosts, so he suggested to Joseph that per haps the best w ay of settliug the matter would be for Joseph to write out an account of what he had seen, what he had heard, and how it had all come about. Joseph liked foe idea — pens, ink, and paper were supplied to liim — and foe following interesting docu ment was produced after some considerable lapse of time, as the result of foe lock-up keeper's sugges tion In the Lock-up, 16th April, 1855. 'While lying half asleep and awake, I was startled by my son David calling ''Father!' I rose upright in bed and cried, ' Ob, my David I' Seeing him at my fest, he said, smilingly, ' Don't grieve, father — I am happy.' I made haste to take him in my arms, but he disappeared. This appears to be foe nigbt he _ died ; on the following night he appeared again. I * ct tight ho'd of him and said, 'Oh, my dear, what did you get out of bed for r you will hurt your poor head.' ' Oh father,' he says, ' I am well now.' I said, ' Who cut your head, my dear r ' He said, ' Oh, it was Dynch.' 1 said, ' Where is your mother and poor Johnny r' He pointed and eaid ' they are yonder, with that lady you told jpe was the mother of Jesus Christ ; they are praying at the l'eet of Jesus for vengeance from Heaven.' I aaw foe Sen of God, sit ing in a chair of gold, with a dove over His head, end a number of angels around Him, and heatd him say, ' I have heard thy prayer and can refuse you nothing,' and immediately they all began to sing 'Worthy the Lamb.' My sou vanished from me and joined, them ; I made towards foem, and at the point of taking hold of my wife they all vanished. I did not know that my son was dead at this time, not for three weeks after, when it was told me ; hut was satisfied in my own mind, knowing foe apparition of no one ever appeared until after death. While grieving and praying, I saw my wife lying at my bedside in the Eame state as when I found her after being murdered, all in gore of blood ; but she appeared to be breathing. I went to lay hold of her, tut she said ' Don't touch me,' and rolled over, and all foe clotted blood appeared to fall from her head, and foe wounds appeared to heal accordingly ; she then stood up and smiled. I said, ' Oh~my dear now, I thought you was dead and buried r ' She eaid, 'Yes, my body was, but not my soul.' I said, ' Ob, my dtar, who was it killed you and my dear children r ' She began to smile and weep at foe one time, and said, 'Dynch killed our bodies, but not our souls.' Pointing her finger at me, she eaid, ' But mark, I have one request to ask : I have seen my two babes, and hope you will be a father to foem, and put your trust in God and live in the fear of Him, refraining from all wickedness, and we will all pray for you, and foe blessed Virgin Mary will obtain forgiveness for you as she has for us. Don't think we are unhappy, for we would not take our mortal bodies again for all the world. I shall watch over you and my babies and their guardians, and ever pray for you and foem. Fray to God, confess your sins, and lake care of my babes, and never fear what man can do while you have God on your side to help you to overcome foe devil.' She went skipping and singing away some distance, and then turned her head and smiling and pointing at a distance. I saw her join a large company of angels, with my two sons and also two daughters, who had been dead more than two years ; as also my son who has been dead near ten years. They all went singing along, walking backwards, looking at me ; two angels having hold of each child's hand, all smiling at me, until they came where I saw Jesus sitting, with his mother at his feet, who, having presented each of my fiamily with a cross, which they all laid down at Jesus's feet, and vanished -from my sight. JOSEPH . Casino lock-up. A man like this ceuld hardly be the murderer of his wife and children — I mean a man who could write in' to religious a spirit. One would think not. Bat then if he had really been foe assassin his victims would hardly have gone to the trouble of paying him so complimentary a visit, or of bringing with them all foe majeBty of heaven to solace him. No, had he been foe guilty one, there would have been the blue file, and the red lire, and sulphury smell, and foe opening earth, and foe deep abyss, and the demoniac ' Ha ! Ha ! Ha ! ' as the fiends prepared to drag him dswn— well, never mind where— in foe true Der Frie schutz and Don Juan style. Bless you, there was nothing of the sort. It wbb all love and happiness and heaven and peace, and vet Joseph remained un der the ban. Alb, those police ! they are so pertina ciously practical, that even if foe ghosts had appeared to them instead of to Joseph, 1 firmly believe they ' would have ordered them to ' move on ' and not to troubie themselves about the matter unless they were nrpnnrpri tn mm* fnTWArrf find Icirr tVlft hnnlr. The ghosts, then, didn't help Joseph a bit. On the contrsry, to use police language, they put ' a bigger down ' on him. And then there was a foul conspi racy against him. Lunpby, when put upon his oath before tbe Court, absolutely and entirely denied that he and Joseph had had any conversation relative to Dyn'ch'a guilt, or that he had made anyremark what ever in reference to that individual. The chief con st able was also seized with a Bimilarfit of obliviousness, for he expressly declari d that Joseph, until he had been in tbe lock-up three or four days, had never mentioned 'o him in any way that he entertained suspicions of Dyccb. Then, again, foe police have a most dis agreeable way of reckoning a man up ; — of taking foe past in conjunction with foe present ; of raking up old things lrom long ago ; and then of jumping at a conclusion which is based as much upon tbe irrelevant as upon the relevant. Possibly, Joseph's antecedents n ay not have been of the purest, — perhaps we may barn as we go on whefoir they were or not, — but there was foe fact, that a string o'f murders had been cemmitted. That they had been committed by some body could not be denied ; but by whom 1 There was no evidence to fix anybody, as foe ghosts would not ccme into Court. There was no evidence to fix Joseph, but some of foe statements be had made were shewn to have been false ; and as he himself declared there was a temble 'down' upon him, and so he was committed to take his trial for the murder of his wife and children. ' Don't drink any more, Jack, you will be ill,' said a well-meaning mechanic to his friend. ' Non sense,' said the toper, ' you know foe old saying, ' evei y Jack shall have his gill,' but I only go in for a nobbier,' 