THE LATE BISHOP OF GRAFTON AN AHMIDALK.-A large and influential committoo i clergy and laity have embodied themselves in tl neighbourhood in which tho IntoDishop Sawyer reside in England for ten years previous to his consccratini for the purpose of raising a fund for the benefit of h four children, for whoso education he has left n adequate provision. The sum nf £1300 lind bec raised in June, for tho Trust Fund. LATINO THE FOUNDATION OP ALL SAINT' Ciiuitcii, LAWHENCR.-Wednesday last, thu day ilse for tho laying of tho foundntion-stono of AU'Saint' (Anglican) Church, Lawrence, was almost obscrvci as a public holiday, most of tho places of basincs being closed, though few of our citizens availed them selves of tho excursion to Lawrence, by tho Graftsn steamer, which had been chartered for tho occasiorr and when thc vessel left Grafton, t hot o wa» not mon than about Bcvcnty souls on board, lnclurJiug'lfii choir; nt Ulmarra nnd Brushgrove, however, tba number was considerably augmented, and by the timi tile vessel reached her de-tinntion, there was abott 130 or MO on-board ; amongst the company, was tin Hov. lt. Winterbothnm, tho incumbent of Grafton On arrival nt LnVrenbe, tho visitors «ero met by thc Rev. J. Spencer, and tho Rev. T. II Shaw, and con- ducted to'tho sift! fixed for tho church and parsonage, alongside thc residtjhea of Mr. C. li. Dubbin, and which from Itu elevated position commands a very line view of tho Clarence River and scenery around. There was a printed programme of tho order of pro- cession, but tho hymn appointed to be sung by tho choir on entering thc ground, being strongly objected to by many meiubersof the church, tho clergy very wisely substituted tho To Denni, Mrs, Winter botham pre- siding at tho harmonium, (which hud been taken down from tho Ulmarra church for thc purpose,) followed by tho usuul church responses and tho rehearsal of tho creed. The Rev. T. II. Shaw then took for his text part of the 10th verso nf the 28th chapter of Isninh- " Beheld I lay in Ziun for a foundation u stone, li tried stone, n precious corner stone, a sure foundation ¡ lie (hat bclieveth shall not make huste." From which, the rev, gentleman delivered not only an"elnqhent 'but truly evangelical discourse ¡ and at tho closèr.a collection was mado amounting to £29 2s. 3d., (including a cheque from Mrs. Ogilvie, the mother of tlieNliou. 13. D. Ogilvie, for £15.) Tho ceremony of luring thc foundnlion stone, was then proceeded with, and tho sumo having been prepared, Mrs, Ogilvie proceeded to spread the mortar mid the stone win lowered, which she tnppcd " ¡th the mallet, using ti! the same time thc following words :-" In tho faith of Jesus Christ, wu placo this foundation-stone in the mime of God tho Father, Hod the Son, and God tho Holy Ghost. Amen." Tho Kev. J. Spencer oddinsr:-*. Hero let true faith, thu fear of God, and hnithorly love, ever remain : this pince is consecrated to prayer nnd to thc |:rnise of tho Most Holy Name uf our Lord Jesus Chi 1st. Amen." Tho hymn " Christ is mn<lo the sure foundation," Sc. «ns then BUIIR, followed by sevcrnl prayers, nt tho conclusion of which the clergy, choir, nnd congre- gation left tho ground, singing "Wo love the place, O God," Se. The whole of tho servieo wns intoned. The mallet and trowel used on tho occasion, mndu by Mr. E. C. Liman, from tulip wood, inlaid with bean tree, and polished, were much admired-not alone for tho very tmmlMimo material used but tho excellent workman- ship and tune displayed in the manufactura of the same, which we hnvo no doubt will be highly prized hy Mrs. Ogilvie. Tho church is to be built of wood, on a brick foundation ; with thc parsonage nttuched, consisting of f\vu munn, the latter being all buju of brick. J lie site is truly picturesque, ind was thc gilt of the Hon. E. D. OgiUic. Shortly after three o'clock, the company having re-emhnrked, tho steamer's head was turned homeward, but her onward progress was soon arrested, owing to the want of suflicicnt water in thc chunncl nt the Elbow, and she grounded on tho spit, where she Iny some four or ftvo hours, ere thc tide rose sullicient to float her off, and reaching Grafton only shortly before midnight, which was anything butplousing to the excursionists, ns tho day was far fruin lieing a pleasant ono, it blowing a rather strong breeze hil day, and nfier sunset, tho air on tho water waa intensely cbld. IIOUBF, AND LANDÓD I'IIOPEIITY.-Wc Imve been particularly requested to direct the especial attention nf tho public, tn\ thc stile of lauded pro- perty, in the estillo nf the lure. Mr. J. E. MICHAEL, to he held by T. U.twnnv, al the llooms, l'rineo-street, on Tiit'usDAY next, 27lh August, nt 10 o'clock. Tho propel tics ure well situated, mid worthy the attention uf investors or persons seeking home sites or business places,-ADV. ECLIPSE OF THE SUN.-On Tuostlny Inst, as predicted, n partial eclipse of thc sun was visible at Gial'iou, even hy thc naked eye, though thc strong rays of thu sun, compelled (luisa anxious for a good view, to have recourse to smoked mid shaded glass of different kinds. Tho moon llrst entered on the lower part of thu right hand side of tho sun's disc, nnd ex- tended upwnrds, until nhnut one-third was obscured, and shortly after became hidden from view by passing clouds, noil wus not again visible. SALE OF CHOWN LANDS ON TCKSDAY NEXT, TIIE 1ST SEITKMIIEU.-We would remind our lenders thut thc sale of Ci ow ri Lauds, on thc Clarence Uiver, originally announced to tnko place nt Grafton, on tho ¡list of August, has been l'osTi'DNEi) UNTIL Tim I'OLLOWINO HAY- Tul'.sllAVNKXT, THE IsT Ol' SEI'TKMIICII, at tho Court House, Grafton ; tho particulars and wheie situate, wo have already published in a previous issue. SALE OP WORKINO Uurj.ocica, DHAY, &C;, AT SOUTH OIIAVTON.-Wo ruo requested to direct intention tn tho Milo of working bullocks, with trickling, nnd nenrly new dray, to be held on SATUR- DAY next, nt ll o'clock, ut South Oiuftun, by T. UAWIII:S.-ADV, (» HAI'TOJJ 1'OUOE COURT.-Thero luis been no eases in this Court during tho past week. Captain Hill, I1.M., took his seat on tho Hench on Friday, when there wero three cases tot down for homing the parties being Oreen against Shannon. Mr. I'oott appeared fur tho plaintiff, and Mr. Meillon for the defendant ¡ who applied for nu adjournment, on the ground that his client had not had siilllcient notice, tn ptacutc thc attctulanco of u material witness. The application was opposed by Mr. Foott, but ultimately granted-tho matter of costs to bo decided on the hearing of the case. JJECTUHE ny Mn MELMOTH- ITAI.L.-Wo would remind our renders on'the Lower Clarence that Mr. Melmoth Hall has, at tho. request of tho Lower Clarence Sugar Mnnufiictuiing Assnciatinn, promised to deliver a lecture at Hooky Mouth, at noon, on Finlay next, when wo doubt not theta will be n largo gathering, tn listen to tire above gentleman, who, ns a practical man, will no dnibt afluid thom much valuable information rind hints, not only on the culti- vation of tho eulie but nu tho best moans to bo adopted fur thc manufacturo of tho same. POST AND TELEOKAVU OFFICE.-Tho Post und Telegraph Olilce Coinmitleo met at tho Court lluuso, Uiafton, on Thursday evening. Mr. Alder- man llcnlzluy presided, theio being also present Mr. Dewhurst, Mr. Alderman Jacobs, Mr. Aldermnn Payne, Mr. W, Attwater, Mr. Houghton, Mr, S. Avery, and Mr. J.Creen. The memorial was read hythe ehalrinnn, who reported that tho slgnnturcs attached amounted to 22ß, principally householders. It was resolved,-" That thu memorial only should bu for- warded, and not tho resolutions adopted nt tho publia meeting, as decided at the Inst meeting of committee." Tho chairman.was requested to forward the memorials tn their respective "destinations, accompanied by ii letter briclly'statltig tho object-of the sume. I*, wan resolved,-" That tho : thanks of tho committee bo forwarded tn Captain Hill, P.M., for kindly grant- ing the uso of tho Court Houso." Homu discussion then followed ns to defraying tho costs of procuring Hlgnnttiros, gio., when it wm resolved,-" That n levy nf 2s, Od, pauli be collected from every party signing thu requisition, to reimburse the collcutor and defray other incidental expenses," A votu of thanks was then nccotdeil to tho chairman, and acknowledged, when i the committee, hi uko up, 