!ffipjTjY)gTlN COOMA. K v i.ot/.li nrinenrs in tlio lL,,e folloving n.m"sfltu.day Every town of something supernatural apper- E „oleP»5iCS„a" rtll-known local ghos , or some Eing'01' n nV but hitherto we lmd classed d"' exception in this respect. How- Bfu'...an exctp" flnd we have II ..ciicumstaace. for tio cspecjai benefit B >p0,1f the supernatural a real lxvo ghost KitekffXma ghost too. . Wo have the ICn-wKl 0 touf next morning m forcible "i.i-, na it U»»a , _ K»f tl\rt Qiirvi vnr l<h> drSous, but we have no doubt many P®tsWCi« can vouch for this ghost story llfoiir rea ifv Ivcck, Jem tho Carrier had busi- K<tWeil«csl,n? " ll0 harnessed up Ins team, K i,!, C0l?is 'leaders, and away he went gaily SPvVer bestowing a few blessings on Ha the r;md ' 1, ncnr-sidor, bis well-groased dray ® tff'sl h n speedily into Coomn, the scene ip; wiled Iu lBnsinesg engaged ins ntten- of the day, so towards the EL the „ „,i nt the well-known resort for ©'"'fShis horses, gavo them a feed, irn® f Soa paddock for tho night. Pll0fl tiien unslung, and before long by fe" , convenient fire it responded in Jrnistothc solicitations of Jem the &K8ff;/tlieii unlocked his "grub" chest, and Brer; rlvinv wants of nature. Jem now iruofliis horses ; ho got a mod feed of hay &s;' „ it in tlio bed of the dray, winch Eft lliem,tP'l1. shafts and all, with his tarpaulin. all rigW. he strolled UP th0 Kii; i « the stars began to twinlde -and dance Iff overhead, and, meeting n few -friends, Pflvani ere lie retired to rest It was a K and beautiful moonlight - night... though W v ,,t" was rather too persevering, when 1" Carrier started for his camping-ground, .thenivht had far advanced Jem was miu his blankets, enjoying sweet refresli- Kinmber At the dead hour of night, ere Ri ad put on her mantle of white, Jem the K-VvoIm up, his thoughts tending, towards |jr ' billv," which he was sure contained K the best tokay. Hark! Some dreadful Ea rnest his attention— from all parts: ofhis Khete seem to ho wrestling of ovil ; ones, of teeth, while, as Jem says, above tlfo l&fd; he heard a fast and furious chorus of iftllv music, "Crunching, munching, ' and E,in,r" and to this strange and wierd tune Hsleoftime tlirough'dread. Our friehd's.liair placet ' lie lost all inclination for the ; soothr Elverave contained iu liis burnt. and, hlacfc Ei "billy," 1111(1 helplessly awaited the conflict 1 ghastly enemy. With time ; he .at-.-lnst Eed courage to rise, openedhis trembling eyes; Eintdc a minute but cautious inspection' Of tlie K not forgetting to search the immediate Eiivof his whereabouts.' All seemed wrapped Ksiest slumber ; the moon was shining brightly, Bin" "to he the reiguing power;; :'hoilght else H lb fearful gaze. He imagined he liad . heon g victim of nightmare ; so he' iriyed tlie of the soothing god of sleop, arid- went'-to Again the horrible din— the " Crunching, jpliinii. nruncliiiig"— assailed Ms ears. Sleep Htoidd not; so lie rose up. He wont to . the ® tf fc dray, lifted the tarpaulin; ' looked, at E feed of hay, and seeing nothing there, i'felt graced that his camping ground. yvas,','the Billv midnight walk .of the perpetrator! of some Bp" tragedy. Dire forebodings, filled ,' his Bit! He walked about to calm down liis agi- Ellcus, hut the sharp frosts of Mou'aro- drove i very reluctantly to liis liumblo retr eatHLut Bemsno rest for him. The /noise Jhad 'inh: BadlcnfoW, and our hero, in order to. shut out Kj bis gaze the sight of any apparition; covered gfcilf from head to foot with ' liis- 'blankets! Bra and nearer came the dreaded .'sounds'; jafap; acre heard : but, abowall; j'jpilfnilto'. (he uiusio. He rcsolvedto, dress-'hiihself; E procure a stimulant to allay-, his i shattored E& hut what sees he ? Where he hncl lei't Bpopsticks under the shafts,; tlieiare-nqw f l'oor Jem says lie was "nailed to, tlie spot BtmUa't stir for all the gold ih Australia ! Bk'il it was the Four-footed D— — 1 of- Cooma Epeitepayme a visit." He spent a full lialf-t- BiMnlempluting the awful sight,' ahd;he;felt M be saw the cloven foot! j -He shut 'liis in the hope that the apparition /would melt B;; but the ghost was inexorable. , The cold formed in big drops oh the carrier's fore- he furtively prepared to wrestle with ®evilonc. Oh! didn't Jem pray for daylight; Kiimles seemed to him like ddys.-rDavy fij|ia:kcd Jem if lie had had a nobbier, and our BP sa'1' a" lle lm(1 was " two nidis.','— f'YVhat ' H J't have for supper, Jem?" - " Nothing ;butf W torse, damper, and a pot of tea."— f '/Then it Ban not have been nightmare." ". You're poking ggUMiy.Davy; did you over hear of a chap the nightmare on salt tack and damper ?" BBm Davy was convinced it was a ghost " all in E' "No" says Jem the Carrier, "I'mdarhed w rrij the night-mare. I mustered up all tho MKije Iliad remaining, and prepared to learn BLr ,i crttwled "P to the shaft, notwitlr- BPMglliat the horrible noise still continued; B mimed to have a good look at Iris satanic ggte,cven if I died for it. Then,- — ' B' . ,n 1 s|ly any more," interposed Davy; amshed m a flame of blue fire;: leaving ijf/y s. ,onS sinell of sulphur and brimstone;" Blrfni " ht did" hnd bo stood there whose ghost : was it, vy' n11 aety. " Well/.' re- Mji nil acr> " the ghost who frightened RstanSiJw 's cream pony I There he Braciinil | ? YCCn llle 'wo shafts,- the tar-- Bi'iv » covennS him, with liis head' in BiW? i "uuichiug the hay I lmd put K , In? horses m the morning." When iSu ' ISCr1 fear «ave Place t0 mg®. Iio mado some vigorous HtfuW- in e.nemy ; but the tarpaulin saved the BC cSnmlhei'ushed ff amidst tlie- Bavlo S; we !lssure yu-of a .decided M mShtlU!>ro" aud Cooma ghosts. 