BURIED ALIVE AND SHOT AS A GHOST. The Cleveland Plaindealer tells the follow ing strange incidents as having occurred ia Southern Ohio : — An old gentleman, named Delos Winans, became frantically angry with his son because he had lost a large sum of hi* father's money on a bet. His frenzied feelings soon got the bettor of hyn, and he felled, his son to the floor with a blow of his fist, and immediately thereafter fell down in a senseless condition. Great excitement in the family ensued. The mother ran screaming for assistance, which wnu (uinn inrtJicnmincr in t.}i& n»r»mn nt nMwmirml of the neighbours. Mr. Winans was found in an apparently lit'elesa condition, with blood flowing from his nose and mouth, A subsequent examination by a physician led to the announcement by him that Mr. . WinanH had died from the bursting of a blood vessel. So evidently had the vital spark fled chat no effort at resuscitation was \- made, a id the remains were prepared for burial a» promptly an possible. The funeral of the deceased took place on the following Wednes day. M,r. Winmw' body luul only been vofthj*! the previous day, uto to Which time iijLdri f ?draped ,n * shroud ln'lhe parlour. %£* l standing the wonderful life-lbok of tnVffi ' and the colour of the face, it occurred 2 - one, to suggest a postponement nntil dj ♦ W 'ttended, aud everybody ie&irj; the hfe-hke appearance of the deceased, n ' lemMM were temporarily placed in o»* the vults of the cemetery, owing to thTft that a brick tomb eommenced for'thi reception had not been completed.: I ten oclock, on Thursday, night the -i|L ' was thrown into great excitement 1 ' * the report that a ghost had been seeri in the. '; inetery a short time before, and that the M ? lady who first saw it was frightened Intoj ' tit from which it was doubtful whether* would recover. Thinking that, probably, I ! ghost was personated by seme scoundrel 2 played the trick several timos before,- a 'hi ' berof penon* armed themselves with if* guns, and proceeded to the cemetery, and cog menced a cautious inspection— their htJ thumping in their bosoms in spite' of M\ assumed bravado. They had not long to.wl for there flitting among the tombs was a whit object plainly to be seen. With irembHn, hands they raised tho guns and fired/ when strange fact for * ghost— they saw the *hlti creature fall between a couple of graVii 1 icking up courage they cautiously approach^ the object and turned a lantern upon it Their feelings can be better imagine* than described, when thay found thi thej-hoHt was the lately decked Mr. Winam While a portion of the party picked up tfi. bleeding and senseless body of the old gentfc man, and started homeward with it,. .then inamder hastening to the vault There thej found Mr. Winan'.s coffin broken opeii, and laying upon the floor, aud the coffin of a & ceased lady, that had been placed upon 'it hkewMe thrown down from the shelf.- aiii standing on end, also partly broken open, Hi* playing iu ghostly inmate. The nultfoW which was rather * Weak affair, had li«i forced open by the resurrected man. ',tk party then went to Mr. Winan's house, and here they found that his wounds were: not serious, and that he hud recovered his tencx*' He had been earned to the cemetery in a traum, liiirly on Thursday eveuiug, cousciousnes thuh -_ ..(.„.. ..u- uuuu uiai ne naa ucen conuied alive. This lent additional strength to his struggle to get free, and he finally succeededia bursting open the coffin. 