Tclcgrapltic Intelligence. Thursday evening The first now wool clip 'Was sold to-tlay. Greasy ?brought fourpencc per lb. Tho Singleton Agricultural Show was a great success. A private letter from an officer of tho Galatea states that although tlio Duke of Edinburgh is in excellent hoalth, ho still suffers occasionally from a pain in tho hip. Deatu fiicm Burning— The City Coroner held an inqu-.ry at bis office yesterday respecting the death of a woman named Bridget Fitzgerald, who resided with her husband at Paddington. James Fitzgerald, butcher, husband of tho docoased, stated that she was twenty-four years of age-, on tho morning of tho 18th instant he loft home as usual to go to busineas; his wife was then in good health ; between two and three o'clock in tho afternoon ho received information that she had been burnt, and on returning home found her in bed, attonded by Dr Bligh ;on asking her how she mo' with tho accident, she informed him that she was sitting at dinner, witn the children, with her back to tho fire, when her clothes caught ; that she ran into the yard, whore she picked up a bag and threw it round her, but being unablo to extinguish tho Hames, she ran into the street; sho left two children, one aged 4 years, the other aged 20 months ; in accord ance with Dr Bligh's instructions, she was removed to tho Infirmary the Bame afternoon. Mary Ann Davidson stated that sho occupied a house near to Fitzgerald's residence ; about 2 o'clock in tho afternoon of Tuesday last, she wao sitting near her door, when she heard soroams coming from the direc tion of Fitzgerald's house, and on going to tho door sho saw Mrs Fitzgerald rush out into tho Btreot with her clothes on firo, tho flamos reaching over her head ; she at once ran towards her, but tho d licensed ran down tho street, screaming as sho wdnt along; sho (wit ncss) slioutod out ' firo' as loud as sho could, and and somo porsons carao out of thoir house with a blanket, and throw it over the deceased ; tho flames having beon extinguished, deceased was taken home, and Dr Bligh was at onco Bent for. Dr Bodford, Houso Surgeon at tho Sydnoy Infirmary, described the droadful naturo of the injuries. Nearly every part of her body was sovcroly and extensively burnt ; in fact, somo portions were literally roasted; twenty-four hours aftor admission into tho infirmary sho had a miscarriage, from which timo Bho sank gradually, and died on Sunday morning. A verdict to tho effect that death was occasioned by burns acoident#% recived was returned by the jury.— Herald The Pseudo-Count. — Tho yatch Hamlet's Ghost, Captain Yorko, left Clovoland Bay on thu -1th instant bound northerly. The Brisbano correspondent of tho Queensland ' Times' observes: A story, which I believe is quite truo, is told of tho counterfeit Count Von Attoms, which goes a little way in itsolf to show ho was an impostor. Tho Count honoured a ball eiven here during liis visit with his prosonco, and lamonted with amost lugubrious countenance, to a lady that ho was put about for a lack of funds— not, howovor, that he wantod tho lady to lend him any, but by way of braggadocio. ?? My dear madam, I can assure you ssat 1 haro only got six zousand pounds to last mo for von fortnight, and I veol quite miserable.' Ho paid tho owner of Ilamlot's Ghost for the yacht, but I am afraid, got tho monoy on tho strongth of certain papers, from another Brisbano gentleman. Tho Count was vory profuse with his (?) monoy both horo and on tho way from Sydnoy, and ' shouted' champagno in tho most oxtravagant manner, Ho took away with him, as captain of his yacht, Mr Ilanilyn, lato of the Q,S,N. Co.'s scrvico, but tl'ioy foil out at Iiockhampton. and separated. A young Kontloman throw up his situation in tho Customhouse, Maryborough, to go with the Count, but he also left tho yatch at Eockhampton, and is oithcr back, or on his was back. There is vory littlo doubt that wo shall hear of tho Ghost hefoi'o she gets to Batavia, supposing that to bo her destination ; for sho is a gimcrack craft, and it is unlikely tho i now ownor would caro to go far from land in her. , Gold. — Tho Shellharbor correspondent of tho ' Kiama Pilot' says Groat excitomont is mani I festod with rcforonco to tlio gold diggings horo. There 1 is at presont two prospecting parties bUBily engaged I in prospocting thoir search for tho hidden treasure. I Tho gold is obtained from tho sandy soil, and is very I fino, and has to bo separated by tho aid of quicksilver ; ' jiow'cver, I a:n able to state that Mr Henry's party ol four mon, icalised four ounces — tho result of about a fortnight's labor It was rumoured that 3 diggers had arrived from New Zealand, but as to tho truth ol I 1 tho Btatomontl am not able to inform you, 