DAILY ISSUE. WEDNESDAY, 19th AUGUST, 1868. If Mr Higinbotliam accomplished nothing else 011 Monday evening, he succeeded in puzzling his most ardent supporters, and in justifying the estimate which lias been made of his character for impracticability by the institutional party. The case as stated by him is certainly one to command attention and to excite surprise. With all the earnestness for which he is so famous, he dilated upon the wickedness ot those opposed to his peculiar constitutional views, and implied, if he did not say, that they were all rogues and vagabonds together. This is nothing new, and therefore does not demand special notice, but the case which lie put before the meeting was both novel and one which should receive the earnest attention ox all persons who are anxious for the welfare ot this colony. After Mr Higinbotliam had admonished his hearers to nurse tlieir wrath to keep it warm, he proceeded to give lus reasons | for such advicc, and we venture to say that they are the most curious that were ever put before a public meeting by a public man professing an ardent desire to promote the welfare of a people. He told his hearers tlia the struggle between the Council and the Assembly would surely be renewed, and that the struggle was the old one between the many and the few—between certain unnamed aristocratic oppressors and " the people" 111 a loyal liberal sense. The ghost of the much- abuset Collins street swell still haunts the honorable member for Brighton, and awakes newer horrors and more frantic attempts at exorcism. Who are the few who seek to oppress the many, where are the tyrants who are to be hurled down, we were not told, but it is evident that Mr Higinbotliam believes that the work_ has yet to be done, and at no distant date either. Yet the facts stated did not bear out tlie tale of woe, and no reason was shown why there should be a renewal of strife. The single fact which Mr Higinbotliam had to bring forward in support of his solemn warnings of future woe was this: that the Council is not, and does not hold itself to be, responsible to the people. " The Legislative Council" lie said " boasts that it lias nothing to do with the people of this country," and this was the secret of all the evils that are yet to come. Therefore did ilr Higinbotliam, amidst much applause, procced to denounce the wickedness of his opponents, and in a fervor of eloquence paint a purely fancy picture of the contending forces in this colony, and promoted, as much as he can promote, a renewal of useless and aimless strife. What we desire to point out,is, that there is 110 such strife going 011 or likely to go on as Mr Higinbotliam, who seems to live in a world apart, supposes, and that for the only evil which he could put into plain, intelligible words, there is an obvious and easy remedy. It is not necessary that we should now prove that Mr Higinbotliam and those who follow him, so far from being in advance of the times, are far behind them. They keep repeating old formulas long since abandoned by the foremost champions of liberty in Great Britain, and are, in truth, doing what Tennyson notes as being a danger to liberty, " clinging to some ancient saw" which has long lost all relevancy to our position and to our requirements. And, as a matter of fact, they have 110 case. The one evil complained of is the pecular constitution of the Council) yet this is the very evil which the Ministry refuses to cure. Rather than at this time, after years of strife, when opportunity offers and the public demands that the work shall be done, take immediate action to bring the Council into accord with the wishes of the people, Mr Higinbotliam prefers to devote his energies to the prophesying of new troubles and to setting class against class. Such a spectacle as this is certainly one to make us doubt whether there is any such thing as political progress; whether we arc indeed " wiser than our sires," or one half so wise. The political party which supports tlie Ministry has demanded the "immediate reform of the Upper House," Mr Higinbotliam makes tlie necessity of a reform the great central fact of his speech, yet neither he nor the Ministry to which he belongs gives one single hint that tlve work is now being, or will be at any future time, undertaken. AVhat are we to understand by sucli inconsistency as this 1 Shall we infer that the Ministry prefers revolution to reform 1 Are we to suppose that it would rather destroy than improve 1 There is no process by which the Upper House can be abolished which will not involve our relations to the Home Government, and are we to understand that all this will be risked rather than seek so to modify our institutions as to leave 110 cause for complaint'? We confess that on this point we do not understand either the Ministry or its supporters, and we doubt if they understand themselves. We have advocated a reform of the Council for years, and now that all, save a very few old fogies, are agreed that the work should be thoroughly done, the Ministry refuses to take a single step, and despises that very public opinion which it professes to hold so dear. Of the many inconsistencies which we have seen of late this is surely the most absurd. We are willing to believe that Mr Higinbotliam has not exaggerated the dangers of our position. The future may be as dark as he has painted it. He may know or may guess that the old bitter feeling still remains, and that it will break out in some overt act which will again plunge the colony into strife and distress. But this only makes the conduct of the Ministry still more strange. The future evils are seen and feared, yet nothing is done to avert them. With all the experience of the past, and with some foresight for the future, Mr Higinbotliam does not propose to take one precaution, but is content to let us drift into party hatred and intestine war. In this matter we believe that the people are much wiser thau their leaders. Thegreatbody of the people hasseen for years that a reform of the Council is one essential condition of our progress, for only by a thorough reform can it be made to represent the true interests of the country, in thehliighest and best sense. The demand so often made is now renewed with tenfold force, its justice is admitted on all hands, and yet nothin" is to be done. In this matter the Ministry doesnot represent the people. Itlias deliberately set aside a most urgent popular demand, and is risking dangers which timely action would avoid. Of all the Ministers,_ Mr Higinbotliam appears to us to be most inconsistent-^ He professes to be in accord with popular opinion, to see great danger of long and bitter strife, he traces all the danger to the bad constitution of the Council, and yet does not propose to help the popular demand or to remove the cause of strife, 