PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH OF SOUTH AUSTRALIA. The annual meeting of the Presbytery was held in Chalmer's Schoolroom, Norm- terrace, on Tuesday, May 5, the Rev. John Anderson, Moderator, in the chair. The meeting was aa Moderator, opened with the usuaW?Totional exercises. Commissions were read from various bessious appointing representative Elders for fie ensuing 12 months. , The Treasurer's account* were reid, showing a biUnce of about £31 in favor of the Pres bytery Fund. , ~ . The Moderator then delivered a valedictory address, iu which he congratulated the Fresuy tery on the progress which had been made during the past year, and nominated as ma successor the Rev. James Gordon, of Gawler, who, with, the concurrence of the brethren, at once took the chair. Mr. Murray was re-elected Treasurer. The Committee appointed to confer with the Kev. John Macbean and the congregation oflu verbrackie reported that they held a m^V with them of a most satisfactory character; that the minUter and people had expressed a strong desire to be connected with thU Presbytery, and had signed a document, a copy of which was embodied in the report, expressive of tueir hearty approval of the basis of union, and of their readiuess to conform to the rules of the Church. The report recommended tuat Mr. Macbean be at once received into his church. It was moved by Mr. Haining, and seconded by Mr. i Gardner, that the report be adopted, and that Mr. Macbean be at once received, and tue motiou was carried unanimously. At this point the Presbytery engaged in devotioaal exercises conducted by Mr. Haining. Mr. Macbean basing signed the formula, was kindly welcomed by the Moderator, and received the right hand of fellowship. Mr. Maptieon addressed the Presbytery in a few suH^J" remarks expressive of the delight which lie felt iu the important relationship he had just formed. . . The Committee appointed to communicate with other Churches on the subject of the visits of H.M. ships of war to the Australian colonies, and on the practice of opening these vessels to the public for inspection on the Lord's Day, submitted a draft of a letter which had been forwarded to the Moderators of Presbyterian Churches in Victoria, New South Wales, and Queensland, and to the Presbytery of Tasiuauia. The renort was approved, and the Committee was instructed to continue its labors. Memorials from the congregations of Clare and Ettrick, praying that Churches should be formed in those places, were received. The Presbytery expressed its high satisfac tion in the desire contained in those memorials to enjoy the full advantages of Church mem bership. Messrs. Davidson and Law were ap pointed to take the necessary steps to fonn Churches in those places respectively. Mr. Gardnkb intimated that he was about to proceed to Tasmania and stated the arrange ments he had made for his various services during the period of his absence. The Presbytery cordially sanctioned the ar rangements which Mr. Gardner had ni-ule, and wished him God speed, and empowered him to represent this Church at the annual meetings of Church Courts in the other colonies which he might have an opportunity of attending. Mr. J. H. Gordon read an essay on " The argument for the existence of God from de sign," which was cordially approved of by the Presbytery and sustained. Messrs. Anderson and Michie were appointed to examine him oa Hodge's "Outlines of Theology" and Latin. Mr. Roddick intimated that there was a young man, Robert Mitchell, connected with his congregation, who was desirous to devote himself to the work of the ministry, and who had already made some progress in the study of Latin and theology. It was unanimously rc stlre 1 to receive him as a student of the Church, and Messri Anderson and Michie were ap pointed to prepare subjects of examination for him at the next meetiug. After engaging in devotional exercises, the Presbytery adjourned till the evening. In the evening a meeting was held in St. Andrew's Church, Wakefield-street There was a moderate attendance. The proceedings were commenced by singing and the reading of the fourth chapter of the Epistle to the Ephcsians, after which the Kev. John Gardner engaged in prayer. The Rev. James Gordon then delivered a brief address upon the subject of home missions. ?_The Bev. John Anderson spoke on " The Sabbath—its Duties, Objections, and Privi leges." The .Rev. J. HENDERSON then read the fol lowing address: — "The subject which has been assigned to me is ' Presbyterianism, its nature, adaptations, and claims,' and in speaking upon it for a few minutes, 1 desire that the law of charity may govern my thoughts and words, and while seek ing to set iu order some of the things concei n ing our ecclesiastical polity which are most cer tainly believed among us. I desire to do so in no other spirit than that of sincere respect for other branches of the Christian Church. Grace, mercy, and peace be multiplied abundan'ly to all who love the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity and in truth. So far from being an invidious pro cedure, it seems right and fitting that on au occasion like the present ths characteristics of our polity should claim some share of our atten tion ; and certainly neither iu the pulpit nor on the platform cau it be charged upon us that we are given to self-assertion or to an undue ob trusion of the peculiarities or tradition of our Church. If, however, we believe that our ecclesiastical system is sanctioned and distinctly traced in outline in the Word of God—if with any measure of filial gratitude we remember the struggles of our ancestry iu conservating aud transmitting intact the elements of our polity— it ought not to be at unequal and distant inter vals that we expound the principles of Pres byterian's or borrow th.? language of apology in doing so. It will present itself in the light of an imperative duty—a duty we owe to the Church with which we are connected—to all those with whom we differ—to ourselves—and, above all, to the Great Head of the Church — not only to hold fast that which we have re ceived, but to avail ourselves of all legitimate occasions of holding forth to others, in a clear and intelligible manner, the polity of a Church, scriptural in her doctrine, apostolic in her constitution, aud primitive in her discipline. Presbyterianism occupies a middle ground be tween Prelacy or Episcopacy on the one hand, and Independency on the other. It is the doctrine of Episcopacy that there are three orders in the Christian ministry, viz.. Deacons, Presbyters or Elders, and Bishop. The Bishop only has the right to ordain aud confirm ; he has the general supervision of a diocese, has (he chief administration of spiritual discipline, and has included in himself all the rights and powers of the subordinate clergy. It is the theory of Independents that each Church or congregation is entrusted with its own govern ment, and that government is conducted, not by the office-bearers alone as its representatives, but by the office-bearers and congregation con jointly. Judicial functions are exercised by all the members—the old as well as the young—the inexperienced as well as the most mature aud patriarchal. Between these two Presby terianism holds its position, affirming on the one hand that since the Apostles left the scene the Word of God recognises no office-bearer above that of a teaching Elder, and on the other maintaining that the government of the Church is committed, not to the members collectively, but to choseu office-bearers spoken of in Sciipture as Elders or Presbyters. Another office is indeed clearly indicated in Scripture— the office of Deacon ; but as almost all sections of the Christian Church recognise this office, though they may differ in respect to the nature of its functions, we shall not further allude to it at present, but proceed to trace out the leading and more distinctive features of Presby terianism, and—L The people, the members of the Church. They are not a promiscuous body- a mere crowd driven together by accident or impulse—but associated together from the high motive of love to Christ, seeking mutual edification and co-operation. They are a select or chosen company—saints or holy persons— who are not admitted to their position as mem bers of the Church until they have given satis factory evidence, both of their knowledge of the Gospel and of their faith in Jesus and obedi ence to him. While the Presbyterian Church makes no pretensions to ascertaining infallibly the moral and religious state of men's souls; while we make no pretension of havin? in our exclusive possession a crucible which enables us with unfailing accuracy to detect the spurious and to recognise the true—yet we do require that the members of our Church should possess an intelligent acquaintance with the truths and doctrines of God's Word, and give evidence by a life and conversation becoming its high and holy teachings. Thus acknowledged, they have their allotted place as members in the Church, they have responsibili'y which they cannot forego, and privileges which are inalienable because sirred. Whatever may be their differ ences in attainment, in education, orsocialposi tion, as members of the Church, they stand upon the same level, enjoying the same privi leges, churning the same rights, and bowing to the same law of responsibility. Without recog nising authority external to themselves, they are at full liberty to maintain ordinances, and tochoosfibya free and unfettered suffrage, and elect their office-bearers of every grade. In all things affecting their internal management —their internal schemes and organisations- Presbyterian congregations are as free as the -most ardent Congregationalist could desire. IL With respect to office-bearers, it is the doc trine of the Presbyterian Church that the New Testament clearly -shows that these office bearers were of two orders—the_ Presbyter and Deacon. The dogma of a third order— the Bishop—witi official jurisdiction over subor- | dinate office-bearers, and with the exclusive right of ordination, confirmation, and discipline, is a dogma which we believe has no foundation in the word of God. It is true we find the three titles of office in the New Testament We there read of Bishops, Presbyters, and Deacons. We have the three names. Have wa not the three orders ? A very slight examina tion shows that two of the names belong to one order,- and that Bishop and Presbyter are titles used interchangeably in the New Testa vent. Take an example—Paul, in journeying to Jerusalem, sent for the Elders of Ephesus to meet him at Miletus, and he exhorted those Elders ' to feed the Church of God over which the Holy Ghost had made them Bishops rendered in our translations overseers (Acts 20 17). The same persona designated Elders in the 17th verse of the 20th chapter of the Ac is are designated Bishops in the 23th verse, and how could it be made more manifest that t!ie two designations respected one class of office-bearers. Again we find in Titus, 1 chap. 5 to 7 verse, Paul saying to Titus— 4 For this cause left I thee in Crete, thit thou shouldest set in order the things that are wanting, and ordain Elders ia every city, as I had appointed thee. Ifanybeblameless,thehusbandofonewife, having faithful children, not accused of riot or unruly. For a Bishop must be blameless, as the steward of God.' Here we have in tile one verse a requirement to ordain Elders, in the next verse their requisite qualifications, and in the verse succeeding a reason why such qualifi cations were to be demanded of them, * for a Bishop must be blameless. 1 It will be observed that the term Elder used at the commencement is exchanged for the term Bishop at the con clnsion, while the same office-bearer ia spoken of. An Elder must have such and such qualifications. Why? Because a Bishop must be blameless as the steward of Gjd. Does not this show that the office of Elder and Bishop are identical. That Elder and Bishop me designations of the same office, and convertible terms, is the belief of the Pres byterian Church. With respect to that order of oftice- beaivrs, from which our Church derives its name, Presbyters, or Elders, the New Testa ment affords full and varied instruction. In the recorded transactions of the Apostolic Church, and in the Epistles of the Apostles, we mark a distinction clearly traced between two classes of Presbyters—the teaching Elder and the riding Elder. We read of Elders who 'rule' and of Eldors who, in addition to ruling, ' labor in word and doctrine.' We find in every church planted by tho Apo3tles a plurality of Elders, and that in no instance is an organised congregation placed under the ministry of a single Elder. We find no trace of such a thing as pre-eminence or prelacy of one office-bearer invested with jurisdiction over others. The New Testament, as we have just stated, indicates in various passages that while all Riders were rulers, only some of them taught publicly, so that a distinction existed among them of teaching and ruling Elders. la the Epistle to the Romans (Bora. xii., 6,B)—' Having, theu, gifts differing accordiug to the grace that is given unto us, whether prophecy, let us prophecy according to the proportion of faith ; or ministry, let us wait on our ministry; or he that teacheth, on teaching; or he that exhorteth on exhortation. He that giveth, let him do it vith simplicity. He that ruletb with diligence; he tliat sheweth mercy with cheerfulness.' No candid reader can follow this train con jointly with the Apostle's allusion to the members of the human body, without perceiving that the persons spoken of here are represented as having distinct offices, like the members of the body, and are cautioned against making the difference between them, an occasion of vain-glorious strife. He that ruleth is a member of Christ's mystical body, hold ing a distinct office —an office which may be held separately from other offiees, and he ought not in consequence of any views enter tained aa to its relative importance either to despise others or be despised by them. A passage si ill more decisive is that of 1 Tim. v. 17 —* Let the Elders that rule well be counted worthy of double honor, especially they who labor ia word and ? doctrine.' It is to he re marked that in this passage Elders are spoken of as a class comprehending all Presbyters, and that from this class of the same office-bearers the term 'specially' singles out a select portion distinguished by a specified peculiarity—some taught, some ruled. They all ruled, but they did not all teach, and those who taught—that is, those who labored in word and doctrine —were to be accounte I worthy of double honor. If it be allowed, then, that ihe Primitive Churches under the direction of the apostles had Elders appointed to rule, and Elders appointed both to rule and to teach, we are inclined to believe that, adhering to the Presbyterian form of Church polity as at present constituted, we are only standing fast in the Apostle's dociine—a doc trins not merely taught in their epistles, bat evidently illustrated in their practice. But once more. That the Elders appointed in the Apostolic Churches were not all teaching Elders appears from their number. Every Church planted by the Apostles, however poor and small, had a company of Elders, and the sup position that they were all instructors is attended with inseparable difficulties. There were a plurality of Elders in the Church at Jerusalem, at Ephesus, atPhilippLWeread that Paul an.! Barnabas ordained Elders (not Elder) in every city. If they all ttnght, if all the Elders referred to were public instructors, where was there room for that exhaustive labor to which reference is sometimes made by the founders of the Christian Church? If all taught, where was there room cr scope for the exercise of their gifts ? And with twelve, six, or even three teaching Elders placed over a handful of people there would have be<>n .in example of improvidence—a waste of means which is nowhere else to be met with iu the Divine administration. A plurality of Elders in each congregation we can understand when their functions are to rule, but when it is affirmed, as it is by Independent brethren, that the Elders referred to taught, confusion seems to settle down upon both the teaching and the procedure of the Apostles. Nothing is more clearly made known than that in the early Church a plurality of Elders was ordained, and when this was effected in any particular Church that Church seems to have been completely organised or furnished with everything in point of external arrangement which the Spirit of God judged necessary to the edification of its members. These rulers being appointed, it follows that they must have possessed the power of meeting together and adopting such meas'ires as were agreeable to the mind of Christ for the edification of his body ; and thus was formed an Eldership; thus sprung up in the Apostolic Church that which we here this day humbly hope to call into existence among our selves—a session to which belong the govern ment of a paiticular congregation—of this cou gregation. IIL We have seen therefore how sessions sprung up and wore constituted in the Primitive Chinch. The rise and recognition of Presbyteries is also clearly indicated in the New Testament. As the Church increased, as congregation after congregation arose, each with respective equipments of teaching and ruling Elders, they did not range themselves as sepa rate and altogether independent, with no bond of connection recognised mnong them. Our reading of the Word teaches us that the very opposite of this was the case. Among those separate congregations a bond of union subsisted. They were one body, and are presented to view as the Church of God in the particular city or district of country in which they were planted. Unable to assemble or worship within the same walls, or under the same roof, they -were still one Church, and the unity of their fellowship was maintained and manifested by the joint meetings of their Elders to superintend their common concerns. Here, then, we have the principle of Presbyterian Church government in all its Scriptural simpli city—an organised Eldership of a number of congregations united and forming one Church. We have an example and illustration of these views in the Council meeting which is recorded in the xv. chap, of the Acts of the Apostles. This Council or Synod, as we read, assembled to consider a reference from the Church at Antioch, in which Paul and Barnabas were representatives, and the decision of which Council or Synod was binding on all the Churches. In this case there were, no doubt, specialities arising from the presence there of extraordinary rulers; but setting all its spe cialities aside, this recorded instance of the Primitive Church government clearly shows that the Churches then existing were in a state of union, that their union was evinced by a joint meeting of their Elders to deliberate about their common affairs; that they met by dele gation; that a case was brought for considera tion and judgment from a smaller to a greater meeting of Elders. That a judgment or 'decree* was passed (not by Apostolic autho rity, but result of free discussion), and that all the Churches were bound 'in the Lord' to submit to that decree. These are the elements of that subordination of Ses sions to Presbyteries, (and of Presbyteries to Synods and Assemblies, which characterised that Presbyterian Church to which we belong. It is not pretended that the minutiae of the system are detailed with particularity in the word of God. It is principle and example rather than detail which Christ has given to guide his Church in matters of government, and any p:irticular form of government is to be re ceivrd or rejected according as it agrees or dis agrees with what he has spoken. Here, then, we have an outline of Church government founded on the word of God, in which the rulers are not law-givers but simply administrators, and which is applicable to any Church, whether large or small, proving itself an instrument of unity and order, while, at the same time, it secures the rights and ?bertie? of the obscurest individual. It contains provisions which are admirably fitted on the one hand to prevent the restless and ambitious from attaining an in fluence adverse to edification, and, on the other, to protect the timid and retiring from | injury or oppression. Any member of a Pres byterian Church, however poor, may by the power of appeal which is his right, have the judgment of the whole Church, through her united Eldership—through the men, namely, whom the Church in her several congregations has chosen to rule over her, because she con fides in their piety and prudence—may have the judgment of such men, we say, on any point which aggrieves him, whether in doctrine, or in discipline, or in government. Such is a brief sketch of the Presbyterian Church. We think it Scriptural. We believe it to 'be good. It is equitable and compact — orderly anift well- balanced — adequate for any work, and sufficient for all interests. The authority it claims is love in exercise, not authority displayed. The rulers have no do minion over the faith of the people, but they are helpers of their joy; and the very design of the system is to renderoppression impossible and to secure the just liberties of all. This form of government is favorable to sound doctrine. The provision that any member of the Church may bring any error or any offence before the notice of its highest Court—there expose it to the public gaze, procure its condemnation—places ' both truth and morals under the safe keeping of the entire community. It is friendly 'to education, for its members must be instructed in that knowledge which maketli truly wise, and education in its highest f.-ruis is a talent which the Church requires. It is friendly to national liberty. To the misguided Queen Mary of Scotland the freedom of Assemblies was adeepandever-fretting annoyance. She schemed, she plotted, she maneuvered to fetter and silence them, but Knox's <>agle glance detected every intrigue, and his well-known retort shows Ilia estimate of the danger.'' * Take from us the liberty of Assemblies, *nd you take from us the Gospel.' Presbyteriauisin, with its freedom of utterance, with its unity of organization, with its well balanced powers, and above all, with its entrenchments deeply laid in the verities of God's Word, has ever been the offence and the tenor of despotic kings, tyrannic Parliaments, or servile Assemblies. Again and again has it fought the battle of freedom, and in the Council Chamber, and on the floor of Parliament, and ou the battle-tented field it has many a time fought and vanquished the emissaries of op pression. It has ~been defended and illus trated in the writings of men of profoundest genius and learning ; by men of the most com manding eloquence ; by ineu of the most daunt less heroism. Many a inoor of the purple heather of Scotland, many a darksome glen, many a mountain pass, can bear witness at what a sacri fice of blood our forefathers contended for the rights and liberties of their country and this Church; and what troops of noble-minded loving-hearted men were raised up in successive eras to maintain the contest, until every oppres sive measure was neutralised, and our rights and privileges placed upon a basis as immutable as truth. Knox, Melville, Henderson, Rutherford, EnJrine, Gillespie—each man in hinibelf a. host, and the influence of whoso character and writ ings is destined to live for ever. Our Presby terian Church is friendly to all who hold the Head Christ, and to every Church that is a faithful witness for the truth. But the Presby terian Church is far from being a perfect Church. She may be Scriptural in her eccle siastical polity; but we have not forgotten the voice of its Head—' Not by might nor by power, but my Spirit, saith the Loid.' Our Church may be fashioned to the minutest parti cular to the pattern shadowed forth in Scrip ture ; but all will be naught and in vain unless quickened by the Spirit—unless made the channel through which flow the waters of life. As a lamp without oil, so is the Church without the Spirit What would have been the temple of old bereft of the Glory which shone between the cherubim ? And the blessing will come if we earnestly seek it. A praying people is ever strong ; a praying Church is ever safe. Let us wrestle and we shall prevail; let us plead the promise and it shall descend in a plenteous rain." Mr. Michis spoke upon "The Chums of Foreign Missions." A psalm was then suns and the meeting closed. THANKSGIVING SERVICES FOE THE RECOVERY OF H.R.H. THE DUKE OF EDINBURGH. Sunday, May 3, was fised by proclamation of His Excellency the Acting Governor as a day of general thanksgiving and prayer to Almighty God for having delivered H-H-tf. the Duke of Edinburgh from the hand of the assassin O'FarreU. The day was observed with respect by all the religious bodies, public thanksgiving and prayer being offered in the various Churches. We give below brief particu lars of the services in the various Churches. A Church parade of volunteers was ordered, and about 10 o'clock abouc 150 members of the force mustered near the Armory, and were told off in various detachments. Prior to their quitting the parade ground the Regimental Band played Luther's hymn. The Artillery Band also played the Adeste Fideles with ex cellent effect The volunteers then marched off to the several churches to tiie exciting strains of march music by the Regimental and Artil lery Bands. EPISCOPALIAN. At Trinity Church the special service and psalms for the 20th Juna were sung and re peated, as were also hymns suitible to the occasion, and special prayers appointed by His Lordship the Bishop for the day. We sub join the service as fixed by His Lordship, which form was directed to be used in all the Episcopalian Churches :— " Note. —I he service to be the same as that appointed for Her Majesty's Accession, except as follows: —First Lesson —Isaiah xii. Second Lesson—Titus ii. 11 to iii. 9. " Instead of the Collect tor the day, the fol lowing Prayer from the Accession Service, for Protection of the Queen against all her enemies, shall be read :—' Most gracious Got, who hast set Thy servant Victoria our Queen,'&c.; "In the Litany, after the Prayer 'We hntnbly beseech Thee,' &<•., the Collect from the Accession Service—' O Lord our God, who npholdest and governest all things in heaven and earth,' &c;, omitting ' As on this day.' " After the General Thanksgiving, shall be read this Prayer :— "O, Almighty God, who art with Thy servants a strong tower of defence against the face of their enemies, we yield Thee hearty thanks for Thy signal providence in delivering Prince Alfred from the malice of a murderer; and that Thou hast been pleased to lestore him to his former health. Piotect him stik, we beseech Thee, in all his ways; continne Thy lovingkiudness to him ; preserve him from iha danger of the sea and from the violence of the enemy. Grant that he miy be a safeguard unto our Most Gracious Sovereign Lady Queen Victoria and her dominions, and a defender of such, as pass on the sens upon their lawful occasions. Make him an instrument of Thy glory, by serving Thee faithfully and doing good in his generation; so shall thou bring him to Thine everlasting king Jon through Jesus Christ our Lord. " Note. —This Prayer to be said also the usual Evening Service. "In the Communion Service, instead of the Collect for the Queen, the prayer for Unity in the Accession Service; and after the Collect for the day, the Collect :— "Grant, O Lord, we beseech Thee, that the course of the world may be so peaceably ordered by Thy governance, that Thy church may joy fully serve Thee in all godly quietness, through Christ our Lord." The Rev. Dean Farrell preached in the morning, taking as his text cvi. Psahn, 10, 11, and I*2 verses, " And He saved them from the hand of him that hated them, and redeemed them from the hand of the enemy. And the waters covered their enemies, there was not one of them left Then believed they His words; they sang His praise." Appropriate prayers were also read. The National Anthem was sung very impressively by the choir. At Christchuich, North Adelaide, the thanks giving services were conducted by the Rev W. W. Ewbank. The church was crowded in every part, and there wen present a large number of volunteers, under the command of Lieutenant- Colonel Mayo. The preacher took for his text 4th Proverbs, 23rd verse. The choir under the able superintendence of Mr. H. Dntton, then sang the National Anthem, which was joined in by those present The volunteer band, under the direction of Mr. Schrader, also p'ayed Luther's Hymn, (he Cecilian March, and the National Anthem. At St Paul's Church the appointed form of prayer and thanksgiving was read in the morn ing by the Rev. H. Howitt, the sermon being preached by the Rev. H. N. Woollaston, of Melbourne. In the evening the Rev. G. Dove preached a sermon appropriate to the occasion to a very large congregation. CONGREGATIONAL. At the Stow Memorial Church the Rev. C. W. Evan in the morning, and the Rev. Charles Manthorpe in the evening, offered up special thanksgiving for the preservation of His Royal Higtinnna from death, of the Queen from a great sorrow, England from a rmtinnal bereavement, and of these colonies from a terrible disaster. The safe return of the Prince to his royal mother, and his preservation from all future dangers that might threaten him, were also earnestly prayed for. The services at the North Adelaide Congre gational Church were conducted by the Rev. W. Harcus, who in the morning preachel a sermon having special reference to "the thanks giving. The text was 2nd Timothy, iv. 18, " And the Lord will deliver me from every evil work, and will preserve me unto His heavenly kingdom: to whom be glory for ever and ever. Amen.' The Rev. F. W. Cox officiated at the Hind marsh-siruare Congregational Chuich, and re marked that, although not giving a special sig nificance t j their service that day, they accepted the official invitation to join in the general thanksgiving to God for His preservation and protection granted to the Prince in the hour of d&nger.; METHODIST. At the Pirie-street Wesleyan Church the Rev. Samuel Knight conducted the worship in tile morning, and preached an admirable discourse from the words—"Giving thanks unto the Father, which hath made us meet to be par takers of the inheritance of the saints in light" Colossians L, 12. At the conclusion of the service the congregation sang in a very enthusiastic manner the National Anthem. The Rev. G. W. PatcheU preached at the Archer-street Wesleyan. Chapel, but no special reference was made to the attempted y?m??iii? tion of the Prince, other than by the offering of thanksgiving in the opening prayer. Th? Thanksgiving Service at the St. Vincent street Wesleyan Church, Port Adelaide, was j conducted by the Rev. R. S. Casely, who preached from Psalm 66, Bth and 9th verses, "O bless our God, ye people, and make the voice ot His praise to be heard: which holdeth our soul in life, and suffereth not ?nr feet to be moved." At the conclusion of tiie ser vice, "God save the Queen," was sung in a manner which showed that the hearts of both minister and people fully echoed the words of tiie grand old anthem. At the Methodist New Connexion Church, the Rev. E. Merrimao, from Melbourne, con ducted service both morning and evening. Thanksgiving was offered in accordance with request, and at the close of tile latter service, the National A tiffin was sung. Thanksgiving services in tile Primitive Metho dist Chapel, Morphett-street, were conducted in the morning by Mr. Peters. There was a '••' :( :? ? f VI i\ i.: X. ' ,--.! I ; , large and attentive 'congregation. The text chosen for the occasion was Ist Corthiaus, list chapter, part. <if 30th verse—"Christ Jesus, who of God is inade unto, us wisdom." The evening service was conducted by Mr. Winwood, who chose for his text the latter part of the 10th verse 14th chapter Romans— -'For we shall all stand before the judgment seat of Gbiiat." BAPTIST. At the North Adelaide Baptist Church, the Bev. G. Stonehouse conducted service, and after prayer suited to the special occasion, he preached from Matthew, 10th chap., 29th and 3 Is verses. PRESBYTERIAN. At Chalmers Church, on Sunday night, the Rev. John Gardner preached, and in the course of his sermon he referred s|ieciaUy to the escape of the Prince from the hand of the assassin. At St. Andrew's Church, the Rev. R. Hain ing officiated, and offered prayers morning and evening, having reference to the special character of tiie occasion. Thanksgiving services for Prince Alfred's convalescence took place iu the Presby terian Church, Port Adelaide, The Rev. Jus. Henderson officiated. As the morning service tion. The evening service was conducted with special reference to the event. The devotions were earnest and suitable. The discourse was from the Saviour's words, " Even the very hairs of your head are all numbered." UNITARIAN. In the devotional part of Uie service at the Unitarian Chapel, Wakefield-street, thanks were given to Almighty God for the con valescence of ILIi.H. Prince Alfred, and the Rev. J. C. Woods, B.A, took for his text L Peter iv., 15, IC, 17. NEW JERUSALEM CHURCH. At the New Jerusalem Church, Camngton street, special lessons and jrsalms, with a form of thanksgiving to the Lord for the preservation of the life and the restoration to health of the Duke of Edinburgh were read morning aud evening, and suitable hymns and chants sung. Mr. E. G. Day delivered a discourse in the morning from Psalm 11th, verse 2nil, "ou the laws of the Divine Providence iu the permission of crime." JEWS. In the Jewish Synagogue, Ruiulli; street, ser vice took place in the affrruoou - the attendance being large. After the ark had beea opened by the Treasurer, Mr. M- Salomon, the minister, the Rev. S. Saunders, read the words, " Open to me the gates of righteousness," &c;, and the 117ih, 23rd, and 86th Psalm. He theu deli vered an appropriate discourscfroin the words— " And seek ye the peace of the city whither I have caused ye to be carried away captives, an4 pray unto the Lord for it, for in the peace thereof shall ye have peace." — Jeremiah, xxxix. 7. 