SYDNEY. Ratal railway collision noar Paramatta. One person killocl and soveral injured. Flour much easier. The Earl ol' Roliuoi-n, the new Governor of New fcioutli Wales, has arrived in Syituy. Petty Thieves. — Wo hoar frequent complaints tlio uuincrous petty robberies which uro being coin milled both in and out of tlio town, by a gang of lazy scoundrels, who haven't tho pluck to work, anil who would ruthor run tho risk of getting six months -in prison, than lift either arm or hand to earn an honest crust. 1'ots, pans, kettles, gurdon tools, clothes, in 'act everything which is portable, and which can be sold or burtored, is taken mvay by those night hawks: who swoop and entry oil' from tho door of the |>uoi' man with as little compunction its from that of tho rich. In or.o instance a lady heard in the middle of the night her window gently raised ; upon looking up, she saw, not " CHlos Scroggins' ghost," but tlio arm o' u man thrust into the room, tho live pickers and stealers at the end of which were endeavouring to re.' move souto things front tho dressing- table. Tho lady /\ with flrat-rato courage, jumped out of bod, and caught tho intruding arm, at the same time calling out for as sistance; but tho fellow to whom tho limb belonged managed most unpolitoly to free it from a grasp which niight have afforded tlio moat slnocro gratification to others, who would ruthor steal the owner than hor pro- ' party, Pol-Imps our police will bo kind enough to ex tend their beats, or else apply to the Government for night glasses, in order that they may see some few yardB beyond tho lines of demarcation. Otru DtaciiNUs. — During the past week our diggors with a duo appreciation of tho old saying that " ull work and no play iuakes Jack a dull boy," have boon enjoying their Christmas holidays after many a weary duys toil, therefore wo could not expect that n very largo quantity of gold would flud its way to ltook. hninpton. However, Rosewood, which appears dulor. mined to kcop up its chur.iutur, mauaged to oblige ug with 150 o/.s., which is safely deposited in tho llank. The crushing machine at the Moriiiish is busy at work crushing Wittgenstein's claim, and the knowing onoa Bay that the quartz will turn out a large quantity of tho precious metal, us Mich splendid results were obtained front tho w .ah about two mouths since Eight new stampers arrived by the 'ttrra fur ALossrs. Dunne, to replace the old ouos, which will increase tho facilities lor crushing, and as the shoes uro vury heavy wo may uxpect that tho yield of gold will be proportioiiubly greater. AIaoiu Si'iiur. — The New Zealand heroes, as tlioy would be called if they were lighting against any but Europeans for their country, appear to have very just . and proper ideas of their own dignity, and of that respect which is Jduo to them as u people making a determined struggle against the invaders, who have gradually spread over the length ami breadth of tho laud. The Governor despatched letters to the Maori King Matulu ru an. I his companions, inviting them in the most polite manner to come and make peace with tho Europeans, and to seu the Quoou's Ben. 'The answer returned was worthy of those who have proved themselves such formidable enemies, and puts its in mind of tlio stern patriotic pride of a Spartan or of u North American Indian. " Tell Mr. Seuranoko that we have nut time to answer tlio letters just now. There are various mutters pressing on cur attention' There is iliat mailer of tlio leases beyond the bound ary, which is causing a good dent or dispute niuuiig certain sect ions of the people ; some persons have been selling laud which does not belong to them ; and wo have complaints from the Thames that gold- miners are going on to land without tlio permission of tho owners. AH these tilings wo have to examine and consider about, ami have not time to answer Governor Ui-ey. Resides, il is a curious thing that lio Bhuulil ask us to come and welcome tlio l'rince, when ho and wo are still enemies, if we were reconciled to tho Governor, then it would bo correct for him to ask us to come in and welcome his friends. Going to Auck land would bo like going to the Keinga the Muori lludcsj." The King further snid, and it is important as wo imagine that any submission would bo condi tional upon smuo sort of recognition of his power — "Del the Queen acknowledge mo, and Europeans muy buy laud anywhere, and go over the whole island." lien \vho could return such an answer as this tiro far too high-minded and gifted to bo shot down or bayoneted ; a far better use eouhl bo mads of them, than that of despatching summarily out of tho world on a Held of battle, ami wn heartily hope that tho Queen will acknowledge the New Zealand patriot who has earned a right to rank with a Leonid. is, a Tell, and a Koscuisko — savage though lie ho. is harks — Wo are aware that there are several very splendid specimens of land sharks iu and about the good town of Kuokhuinpton, and dangurous animals they are; hut, we did think that our river within some few miles of tho wharves was now free from tlioso formidable gentlemen, who are celebrated for wide mouths, long teeth, mid appetites which appear to become more ravenous tho more they are gratified ; hut, we Hud wo are mistaken, for a most unpleaiant looking fellow, about eight feet long, lias stationed himself opposite tlio wharves, waiting no doubt very impatiently for ono of those little hoys who arc so fond of jumping oil' tho bunks and boats into the river. We should advise the parents of these children, who are given to wander away about tlio streets and to disobey tlio 5ilt eomiuuiulmous, to look a little sharper after them, that is unless they are desirous of favoring tlio shark with a breakfast. SwiMMlNU. — The Daily Teleyrapk bus mi article upon swimming, and the writer is perfectly enthusiastic upon a topic which he appears to bo thoroughly versed. lie says that a man must ho exceptionally awkward or uuexeeptioimbly stupid who can not learn to swim in a lmlf-a-do?.ou lessons. Our author dilates upon tlio swift plunge, the eflol silver shock, the sense of mastery with which one strikes out to seaward, tho caressing murmur of tlio waters, the luxurious iudoloneu of lloating, or lite warm and general glow that braces tho whole system, that strengthens body and brain alike. When wo read of tliu " swift plunge " and the "cool silver shock," it almost makes us tuud, ami adds to t ho miseries we undergo in not having even u bath iu which to plunge during the frightful weather, when tho system is languishing and tho " hotly and brain " botli require invigorating. Tito want of bright, clear, fresh water such as one sees llowing through tho dells, dingles and meadows of England ; warbling over the stones and playing urouttd tho snow white queen of tlio brooklet is most sensibly felt hero, more especially by those who have been uocustomod to enjoy the luxury of a daily plunge in the hot weather, and to drink a draught tt3 clear us crystal and as cool as if iced. Nature lias not provided its with .an enjoyable bath hero, very few care about plunging into our river which has the color of pea soup and which nitty bo swarming with monsters who would pay no respect to tlio human form divine, if they fancied a bite out of the calf of the leg, or a hi" toe or two. Although uutiiru has not boon kind, our authorities are unkiudor still in not having provided us with public baLlis whore wo might have a waslt it nothing more, and wo hope that Mr. Grant will urge the matter upon tile Corporation, us we romember that Unit gentleman gave notice of motion that lie intended to bring the question of public bulbs prominently forward. A New Da in: it. — We received by yesterday's mail No. 1 ol the Uladslune Observer-, we heartily wish it every success, ami ltopo that tlio " expectations of a long career ot usefulness" may uo fully boruo out by tlio results. The paper is well primed, eontuins a lair quantity of readable matter, and it will prove, no doubt, lo bo of considerable bciieHt to the town mid district of Gladstone. Tun Weather.— -Tito had. during tho lust few days lias been so excessive in Hoekbauiptou thai the oldest inhabitant cannot recollect anything equal to it, ami although llioro litis been a constant breeze, it litis been so charged with calorie that iL lias added to that terrible tooling of depression and languor which lias rendered it almost impossible tor even tho most ener getic to pursue his business with liny tiling like spirit. A great ntitny deaths have occurred ; some from sun stroke, others from discuses which have becu lingering tit the system, and now have been brought to a crisis , by tho heat. Crump of the stomach has been, ami is, exceedingly provident, and in ono or !«o cu .®4jjv;i! - been filial. Adults appear lo suffer more lhiiu.Lhihtr» ,, , , which arises, wo apprehend, J in a great miasm e B®. tlio offools of too groat nit indulgence in nrdent sp#»« ( Almost every ono is suffering from prickly hcwt,JL,.v.Tji there appears to be a genoral fear that if tutu '"?, m quickly fall, to cool the atmosphere, sickness will »» rather the rttlii than tho exception. J to- set 1 1 d t »« ings past tho clouds liuvo giithorod round the sun and there hns been every appearance or a slorwi . but not even a distant growl lias been heard, nor Hash of lightning soon. Strango to say, the grw round (he town to not burnt up, but ill ri.lnina . green tint, and the gardens are looking boltuijk can bo oxpeclod. 'R1"''! Soiioot. or Arts. — So few attended at it.- of Arts .lust night that thcro wits no pa formunco. Tito Company intend, wo believe, to lc«T shortly for Sydney, but will play on Friday evening for the benefit of Miss Creed Jtoyal, null also ® Saturday and on ono or two evenings m tlio coming , tveok. Deaths and Illnesses.— On Monday cveping » yottit" man of tho tianto of Oriuimint, messenger,"' the Joint Stock Dank, wiib seized with crumps m, IV , Btomaelt, lie grow rapidly worso and luodti.al aid. ..... . .... called in, but tho remedies applied proved to lie of ,/ avail, and the unfortunate man died in l.lio todrr tho night. A man who was working yesterday a . Jetty loading timbor was sun struck, hut. pr- assistance being rendered ho recovered so far . -V pronounced out of dnneor. A laoorer was hroiigm. down hist, night from Westwood— ho was picked up and plnccd in the train; it was found he. was Buffering very acutely Irotn sunstroke, and cold water was plentifully poured upon his head. When ho arrived at Roeklinmpton Mr. Billion, our excellent trulllc manager, who has had great experience in Canada, anil hid brother, Mr. Henry Ditllou, who has had equal experience in India in such cuses, particularly during the mutiny, exerted their utmrst to sttvo tlio uiifnrln- liate man, hut without avuil, mid hu sank about six o'clock, No medical gentleman could lie. obtained. Wlton tho man arrived ho was alive but insensible, nml had medical aid been at. hand, or hud tho Messrs. R.,11 n dared to t.ikeupon thomsolvcs the responsibility of acting as they desired, the man niight have been saved. These gentlemen deserve every credit Ibrtli.iir kind and uuroinitt.ing attention, for two hours they applied every possible remedy, and played iho parts of good .Samaritans. 'Tho poor fellow leaves a wife und lives children to mourn his loss. Yesterday iiflernoou W. J.JGInyton, a miner residing at the Croeotlilo Diggings, complained to his male of being ill, and went to lio down iu his lent : in half mi hour ho wits f und dead in his bunk. II is (loath vus supposed to have becu caused by sunstroke. At six o'clock n man named Thomas Stewart, a carrier, after having taken his tea as usual at the Hull's I feud, Long Bridge, loft the table and went to bis dray. .Shortly" afterwards lie was seized with convul sions, und before the arrival of medical aid, which was directly sent for, lie died. About one o'clock Theodoro iilirilet, the well-known w.dter, was asked by Mr. Brogli, of Ihu Victoria. Hotel, to come to dinner, hut. h: declined, stating ho eotdd not eat. J n about half an hour afterwards, whilst silting in Mm bar, ho was seen to shako all over. Air. and Mrs. llrogli ran to his assistance, and sent for Dr. Robert son, who directly attended him, and prescribed fur him, hut while Mr. llrogli was administering the first spoonful of nicdiciiic, Alurillct expired. 'L'iik Theatre Royal. — Mr. Taylor hns for llio present withdrawn his pantomime and Iiiib ottco more commenced tho rounds of umuscmciits which have procured him so imi'-U weil-earnoil patronage. Although the pantomime was not perfect "on, still con sidering the small stage, Iho numerous nenessnries which were required and could not ho obiaincd, united with the fact that Clown, PuMnloou, Harlequin, and Columbine were all played by thoso who never even attempted sitult characters before, everyone who biw' it, must agree with us that it was exceeding y nil chorions. 'The scenery painted by Mrs. ltiec ami Mr. Wilkinson was excellent and would do crulit to auy iheat o ; to Mrs. Rico belongs the credit of arranging anil painting the dual tcne, and Mr. Wilkinson's efforts were more particularly coriliiird to the shops, Ac., while Air. Taylor with indefatigable spirit sttpot intended the whole, assisted by hii clown and pantaloon Messrs. Rice mid Riley, who manage. I by their tricks and unceasing efforts to keep their audiences in good humour. Miss Gardner from mi at lack of illness was imahlo to undertake Cbhimhino for (lie hint two nights, but Airs. Riley willinqftpiy previous rehearsal took her plnco, and carried iVay a great portion of t lio honors. Afr. olmw made a capital harlequin. This gentleman has of lute made rapid strides iu his profession, nud us have noted on several occasions that he tuts exhibited . much moro tact nml power than lie did when he last made his debut at Roeklinmpton. Chinese Sqimiiiile. — Yesterday "a very eom'nit seem- took place at tho Court-honso. Kicluifd Kwnu and .luhu See On, both Chinese, had it appears a little hit. of a quarrel, which they attempted to set tie in Ilia usual wise manner by trying which could knock the wind nut. of the other lirst. The tlilTerenee arose ahuut a question of money, and a grand light took place, John See On getting the worst of it, his face benrinir visible marks of rather sen-re punishment. The ra marks by Swan in answer to Mr. Dick, wore so much to the purpose and so well placed, that they not only' convulsed the Court with laughter, but. had the ell'eet ' of mollifying the wrath of the Uenelt, as his Worship advised llml combatants endeavour lo make an ainieable settlement. This advice tlio Celestials wisely followed,, and they are now wo believe as firm friends as cier. Q. y . N. Co. — The Queensland, which was to havo- left last night did nut depart till this morning, us Iter binding was not, coqiplule, the men on hoard having refused lo work during mid day. Irswicit Races. — We learn from the Guardian that a'though the Ip-wieh Races were not so well attended as usual at this season of the year, they wcro very successful. Tho course tvus iu a bud condition, or its a disgusted jockey said, it was as hard as Iliat. Titers were but few bout lis, but each must Have douo a great itinount of business ; altogether, what with Aunt. Sally and awheel of Fortune, the h -lid >y makers soemtvl to enjoy themselves independent of the racing, which was r ally good throughout tlio day. The lir.-t race, the Maiden l'late of thirty sovereigns, second horse to receive T5 from tlio prize, otto utile nial a half, one event, entrance £1 10s., was won by Mr. J. Kasdeu's b.g. Grasshopper, nlio iuerei soil bis lead down the straight run, and canto in a winner, hard held, by tlirco lengths. Second Race, the Duke of Edinburgh Grand Handicap Sweepstakes of lime sovereigns, with £60 added, was won by a length by Mr. J. Cat ton's Proserpine, after a magnificent, ires homo; Miss H uwood second, anil Nonsuit i bout half a length behind. 'CWir.l Race, tho belling Stake! of twenty sovereigns, one mile heals, em ranee .LI — hi ltcat Jack llintoii and t'rineo with tlio inside running look the lend ; at tin- top ol tlio hill a beautiful rr.rJ commenced, neck and neck tho Iwo can to ilonn til! straight together; at the Stand l'rince forged ahead and won by haifaleugth. In the second boat liedeeia came in a length and a half in advance of Jack 11 illicit The winners only started for tile third heat — the; were -tarLed head anil heud, Redeona with the iitsidi running. They kept well together for a quarter of a mile, when lletleenm drew ahead ; n splendid raw home from the top of the liill resulted in a dead heat. In the liiial heat/ i'ruive pimped off witli a lend of !»i> longths, which he gradually increased, ami won easily by four lengths. The Hack Stakes for ten sovereigns, won bv Mr. Aftiuro's llnrney, ami a Hurry Scurry, in which Wonderful carried off tlio honors, completed tho duy'a sport. . - For the Lapius,— We commend paragraph to the particular attention of ou( i wiiet, »li will we hope not fail to follow the fashion, and mat® themselves its much tinlike us possible the crcaterrt Nature tui-uod out of her practised hands. 'lb® l'aris correspondent of A he Monday l'ost says : — "j have endeavoured to find out what colored hair sail eyebrows will bo worn this year. Tho artists iu hiur have met, and ttgtecd that dark eyebrows aro to uC' company golden tr06ses, ami golden eyebrows b.a®» lmir. llrown or chestnut lucks and curls are not to tv tolerated. It is not quilo sullied if tlio chignon hi® be maintained. It is believed not, if a more oxpottsiv® and complicated decoration rati be iuvontod. 'lb® complexion is to bo dead peuelt-pale, tlio lips vcrv light pink, n: tl the mouth In ho worn slightly open. Hotv eltttriniiig ! How agreeable to husbands! " high' pink lips, nnd tlio mouth 1 worn ' slightly open !" Jl'8 ; latter wn suppose for the purpose of catching fiusA / " liuli! If the European holies uro making such foijk of themselves, as tvo nro informed they uro, wo lief8 that their sisters hero will not follow llietr exunt pie I if they do all sensible men will find wives or sweet- lit ai ts amongst the "gins." RiotiATtn in the FigT.D. — AuBtrnlia lias rivofjn tlio field, and from what tlio Melbourne Biys, a vory lormulablo oiio. On tho banks of Plato there is an nnmouso torritorv littlo Queensland in 0x1011% of n chiiuuu somewhut 0 it, with a wondorfully rich soil watered by grandest rivers of tho world and its tributaries, so that tlioro is a constant tho most luxuriant herbage ; in those dis- removed from the l-ivors water is onsily pro- sinking wells. Good grazing land will three to flvo sheep an acre ; but, up to tlio HHHuic, littlo skill or care has boon exorcised by Msitaiits, and 110 attention lias been paid to tlio stock. Mr. Ford, who was somo time HIHjiy's Secretary of Stato at Buenos Ayrcs, lias a long and oxceodiugly' interesting report IHHcapabililies of a country composed within tho Argonlino Republic, and tolls us that Ho much carolussuoss lias been exhibited by jKcr there, sltcop fanning nppoars to- ho very and that .CIS, GOO invested in tile purchase HVmcrcs of laud aud tlio ueoessary sheep to Hprit, would yiold a net income of llfty-thron por Hht. at tho end of eight years, besides yielding nn HKnmial income of nino per cent, during tlio interim. ptTho Government appears to have n high idea of tlio energy of tlio English, and aro holding out all manner of enconrngemeut to thctn to scltio on tlio hanks of tho great river. There nro already ton eolonios es tablished, oncourngcd by grants of money annually from Government. A great portion of tlio' land is leased at from £30'to £80 tho sqnnro league, and tlio prico of tho fee simpto is from Gd. to Is. !>d. por acre. 'The Immigration has doubled itself in four years, and ns a proof of tho success which lias attended the efforts of tho colonists, Micro nro mnuy Italians, accumulat ing fortunes, and remitting homo as much ns £100,000 a year io thqir friends. There are 329 miles of railwuy open to 'trnflio, and 118 miles now being formed, and whoti tlio central railway is com pleted, which will unite tho rich provinces of tho in terior witli the sea, groat and benefluiul results will follow. In the years 18G5-GG, tho export of wool from Buenos Ayrcs nmountcd to 120,303,400 lbs. Various processes liavo been patented for tlio preservation of itivcr l'lato bocf, and an onormous trade will soon spring up between the Republic nnd Europe. Labor is about tho sumo as in Queensland, unci provisions aro cheaper. When immigrants nrrivo they aro pro vided hy tho Government with hoard and lodging ; hut, littlo advantage is tukcu of this, as tho facilities of obtaining employment aro so great, llucnos Ayres is within thirty-lira days steaming of Southampton, and there aro five lines of steamers in monthly com munication with Europe. Immigrants who aro desirous of Bottling upon tlio family colonisation system, have liberal concessions of land made to tliom, and in fact every spring is sot in motion, hy a wise nnd liberal law to itiduco Europeans to settle. Tltcso tilings, nnd 11 groat many more, are told us by -Mr. Ford ; and ns tlio published statistics of the Republic boar out all ho litis said, we may readily understand that we liavo another rival in tlio field, far more oner- getie than we uro as regards Government, and far more attractive as regards soil and water, nml communica tion with tho great masses of the people so continually pouring forth their surplus to populate the vast ex pauses of country lying spread hulore them in tlio new world nnd in Oeeauiea. Will our legislators with such facts as these before them, still cling to their policy of placing a price upon our lam!. Will they still insist upon borrowing moro money, thereby increasing tho burthen to he borne by tlioso who lire here, nnd others who may come nmougst us. If they do, the Argentine Republic will soon place us nowlicro. Dkougut.— Tho Teak Downs Telegram says: — "Tho drought, continues ami tlio heat is exeessivo. Cattle are dying in scores oil' tlio stations, and matters are beginning to assume 1111 alarming aspect. For n month past we have not had a single cool day, and tho atmosphere feels intensely dry. ."The Garden of Queensland," according to the Tooutoomba Chronicle is now 110 garden at. all, hat with hero and Micro an exception presents the aspect of 1111 almost arid desert; all moisture appears lo have been drawn from tlio earth's surface by the powerful rays of tlio sua ; cracks to tlio depth of a fool or more meet the eye in every direction, almost, every plant, seems literally burnt up, there are certainly exceptions to lie seen here nnd there, whore planting has been- -moro than usually deep; in Etteh instances the crops promise well, but. if tlio heal continues they .will wither before they cun uirivc ui> iimiuriij. a vurj uirju irupuriiuii vt i-iiw wheat in the neighbourhood of Toowoomha lias been L\\\t down for fodder. 7 A Paying Price. — A valuable lot of short horns, of the Bate's blood, arrived a short time since nt Windsor, England, bred by Mr. J, O. Sheldon, Geneva, New York. Two hulls nnd sovon heifers were sold by public auc tion, and us tho stock was well known fetched what wo should call high prices, but which wo believe did not meet- tlio anticipations of tim sellers. Ono bull realised 550 guineas, and the other 1S5. One heifer fetched 700 guineas ; the nine animals 011 1111 average made £3S4 Ss. -Id. each. At n sale of iter Majesty's surplus pedigree stock Goncrnl Hood slated that the Queen was now one of tho largest farmers in Great Britain, and that at all ful.uro Exhibitions where her Majesty's stock uas exhibited it would he entered in tliu Queen's numo. Australian Beef. — A Paterfamilias, who " luisnino bellies lo Gil, has written to tho Times warmly praising the Australian preserved boiled fresh beef, which lie lias cooked in a variety of maimers, and iiads every dish not. only exceedingly good but exceedingly clicnp. 1'iitcr makes nn Irish stciv, which lirst raises the appetite hy its grateful odour, and then satisties it at tho cost of three halfpence farthing per head for meat, lie afterwards tried a bouilli aud 11 gruTy soup, and obtains the same satisfactory results. After making Ins calculations he discovers that lie obtained twenty- four meals of perfectly fresh, rich, delicious meat for 3s. Gd. When certain prejudices nro overcome it is clear we shall liavo tlio largest market in tliu world for our beef and mutton. A Scene in the House, — Dramatis Tersoncc ' Messrs. Piddington, Forster, Martin, Lucas, aud other conspirators. — Mr. Forster (mho daring the delivery of his speech had been freaiieullg interrupted Ig Mr. JFiddingtan, who completed his insolence bg callinu the honorable gentleman his honorable friend) — I do not know why you should insult ine, sir, by calling 1110 your honorable friend ; 1 have never degraded myself so ftir ns to gire you any justification to insult 111c hy calling me gour friend. I have uot for many months past been on such terms of intimacy with you, or held any such intercourse with you, us would entitle you I o "cull mo hy that name, (dixit Fiddinglon in a fury, while Forster after crowing and beating his sides with his arms, turned with jlerce anger upon Mr. Martin) I nni not one who like you, sir, liavo betrayed every party, and every principle willi which you lmvo been connected. 1 am not ono, who like you, liavo 'been deserted by every friend, 11ml have been branded as 11 traitor hy every party in turn. I am not one who entered upon public life by tlio commission of per jury. Mr. Martin (starting up, and looking very red about the gills) — Yju are tolling a lie now. Y'us, sir, you are a liar! Mr. Forstor : Such language is worthy of tlio Premier.- — —Mr. Martin: I tell you so liore, nnd I will tell yon so elsewhere — you aro a liar and a blackguard. Mr. Lucas : i'ut tlio words down — put tho words down — it just shows what this Houso is. Mr. Martin (after they were put down, and with tremendous emphasis in order that there might be no mistake)— A liar, sir; a .blackguard, sir. Hero some thoughtful member turned tlio gas olf, and a horrible confusion followed, but in a few minutes tho chamber wns cleared, but tho following order was re ceived noxt morning at a littlo public somo few miles' distauco from Sydney — "You will prepare hy six to- (faMteorow morning pistols for two and coll'eo for one." -T)verenjj anu Co. — We seo tliat tho eslnlc of Overctid mul G urnoy is not so wofully insolvent, as was anticipated ; it laid already paid in October 12s. 111 tlio £1, and a further dividend of 2s. or 3s. wns ex pected to he declared about Christmas, 'l'lio debts liavo been reduced £1,000,900, while assets still represent £2,200,000; thus the prospects of tho creditors aro not so hud after all, for tlioro is every probability , of lliem receiving 20s. in tlio £1 witli interest. Mary River Golii-Fiklu. — Tlio Maryborough Chronicle, of the 31st December, says: -We liavo hud 110 account from our correspondents of tlio dig gings since our Inst. From pel-sous who liavo conic down, wo ldnru tlioro is 110 complaining; 11101103- is plo ntiful ; the One-mile Creek is- t urning out well. A Maryborough man, down for tlio holidays, had heard l'rom his miito of tlio finding of a Gl'touu-oitnco nugget aud live ounces of gold in one day. Not so hud! OuoLERt. — Tho Cholorn lias caused tlio sLrcols of Rome to bo ns deserted lis. those of l'ompeii, while Iho few people who remain are pallid and move about as if doprtvod of all strength. Tho atmosphere is fright ful, it is full of exhalations and lr.uiBina, heavy and footid, nnd'hnngs ovor tlio city like .11 cloud, and in. nppcarsias if 0110 wore in a vault when respiration is at labor. Alas I K01110. Wnat hnst won loftt.lioo now ?" Nothing but 'tlio memories of thy pask. which tloat about llioo liko a glory — nnd thy 11111110. " Houuinr.i! Dwravity in tub Bush. — 'L'hn following onao hoard boforo tlio I'olieo Bench at Goidhurn, on Tuesday -last, reveals a stato of tlio vilest depravity. Wo only republish from tlio G outturn flcraltt sufficient to show tlio character of tho partios concerned Bernard Donnelly was clmrgod witli ltaving, on llto lib instant, committed a ritpo on Eliza M'Faddea, Eliza M'Fuddou deposed : Tho prisoner is my stop- father ; lto lias boon married about; two years; I ant past, fifteen years old ; on Wednesday Donnelly sent iny brotlior for a seytlio, and also sent my sistor away ; my mother wns in tlio liouso j I was outside doing needlework; nrisoner asked 1110 to come inside, and I refused ; prisoner hud told iny mollior what ho wanted mo insido for ; my mother said " 1 will liavo nothing to do with it 5" prisoner .was quito sober; prisonor caught mo by lite arm and pulled 1110. along to tlio kitchen ; my 11.01 her was near hutdid not say anything to him ; I told him to lot; 1110 alone, and I oriad out ; lie, took 1110 from tlio kitchen into tlio next room ; prisonor then went into tlio kitchen and I wont outside ; my mother did not say anything to prisoner ; 1 told ln.v mot her wlint prisonor had done to mo on tho day tho oll'eneo was oommittcd ; I eamo -into town us I could ; 1113- mollior knew about what, hud taken place, but alio had 110 conversation with tho prisoner about, it ; 1 walked into Gotdburn to tnnko tlio stnla- iuont boforo 11 magistrate ; it is about thirloon miles from Gottlhnrn. 