VICTORIA. . [From our Melbourne Correspondent.! December-1st, 1868, The project of a Customs Union and an uniform tariff for the Australian colonies, sug gested by our; Chamber of Commerce,Jinds. much favor here. The whole of the metropoli tan press have taken up the question, and-dis- - cussed it in its various bearings, "and the provin cial press have'noticed it to some,extent. Not a single article;'has, that I am aware,been written against-it, and the/leading Ministe rialists for once are at accord with: the Chamber of Commerce. Thinking men of all classes discern in this scheme many advantages as the certain result of freeing our intercourse, as neighboring colonies, from the trammels which still bind us. The unnatural institution of a commercial cordon along the banks of the Mur ray becomes more and more anomalous and absurd the more we contemplate it. The diffi culty heretofore raised by the Imperial authori ties on the question of differential duties has been well handled, and, I may say, demolished} by some of the 'writers last week, and nobody here seems now to regar<l that as an obstacle to the realization of the desired Union. The Tasmahian papers have dealt with the question in the same spirit of approval as the Victorian presB, especially as concerns the free interchange of colonial products, and I hear' that the commercial men in Hobart . Town and Launceston have- given in their adhe sion to it, as have also the leading' members of the Government. • A verdict in its favor is confidently looked for. from the mercantile men of Adelaide, and although in the_ adjustment of the Customs duties some additional taxation would neces sarily fall on the people of South Australia^ owing to the smallness of the amount at present levied.through your Custom-House as compared with those of the'other colonies, still it.may be seen to be for the advantage of the colony to make the change, both directly, and indirectly* If the. arrangement involves the setting free of products which at present are shut in within the limits of the colony, and opening up inter changes of great benefit to producers and con sumers generally, the small additional burthen will be more than counterbalanced. The view which will be taken of the matter in Sydney is anxiously looked for. The Chamber of Com merce of that city have called a special meeting to consider the proposition, and the Committee acknowledge its great importance. What the Ministry may think of it is at present matter of conjecture, but it is very much to be regretted that the new Premier, the Hon. John Robert son, in addressing his constituents the other day, endeavored to stir up the old feud by con demning the Border Customs arrangement, and charging Victoria with unjustly levying duties on maize and • other articles for the pur pose of reimbursing themselves the £60,000 they pay to New South Wales, and thus keeping as clear profit all"-the amount raised at the seaboard on dutiable articles passing through Victoria toRiverina. The charge is totally unfounded, but the fact of its being made by a Premier entering upon office, does not augur well for an improved understanding between the two Governments—which is greatly needed. I find on making up a corrected table of the Customs, duties levied in the: five prin cipal Australian colonies that the amount per head- averages £1 16s. 6d.,crif we take New Zealand into the calculation, it would be £2 2s. Sd. It is doubtful, however, whether it would be convenient or politic.to extend the Union to New Zealand/ ' I see that the idea of holding .the next Con ference in Hobart Town instead of Sydney (which _ I referred to in my last week's letter) is taken up and seriously advocated by the Hobart Town Mercury.' The Editor thinks that the Tasmanian Government,. having initiated- the Intercolonial free trade project by getting a bill passed on the subject are entitled to that piece of courtesy from the others ; that the smallness of their trade con stitutes Tasmania a sort of neutral ground ; that in February it will be cool and pleasant I in Hobart Town but piping hot in Sydney, and that Hobart Town is nearly central for all the j colonies. ' ' Your former colonist, Sir. G. M. Stephen, or, as he used to be called here, "Milliner Stephen," is still desirous of serving his country. He is, it appears, a candidate for' the repre sentation of Central Cumberland, in the New South Wales Legislature; but his chances are about as good as they have been -at any time since he was last deserted by a Victorian con stituency. It is alleged against him in the district he is now wooing that he sought an appointment as a District Court' Judge at the hands of the late Ministry. • -' • We had a serious collision in the Bay yester day afternoon. The steamer Alexandra, whichhad arrived from Adelaide on-Sunday afternoon, was proceeding down the Bay oh her voyage to Sydney, when she ran into the three-masted iron schooner' Cleopatra, also going out and bound for Newcastle, and cut her down to the water's edge. The iron vessel being built in compartments, she was kept afloat and towed back. An enquiry commences early to-morrow morning as to the origin of the collision, after which Captain Paddle will pro-, ceed on to Sydney. The schooner is going on the slip to be repaired. . The land selectors who have so eagerly. rushed the offices opened at different parts during the last two or three years, are not satis fied with some of the best of our lands at £1 an acre with deferred payment, but - a 2s. per acre, rental in. the mean time. Some of them want to get it at the pound per acre payable by annual instalments of 2s., and without interest. There is a body of delegates sitting here now discussing the difficulty of paying their rent, and they have agreed to the following resolutions:— "That selectors under the 42nd section shall have the right of purchase at a fixed price in complying with the conditions of the Land Act for three years, and that such price be 20s. per acre." "That as soon after two years as the selector shall have satisfied the Board of Land and Works of hisbona fides by making the im provements'required by the present Land Act, the rent from that date shall be credited to him as part payment of.the purchase-money, and that all rents upon competent improvement shall be 2s. per acre." A memorial embodying the above is to be presented to the Chief Secre tary to-morrow! In the matter of bells, Melbourne is at pre sent worse off than Adelaide. We have had a three-quarter- peal for, I believe some 20 years in the " pepper- box" on St. James's Church, but a complete octave is only to be heard in Geelong, and .they.are of recent erection. A perfect , peal has, it is true, been in the -colony for some years, but they were ordered by the Roman Catholic. ' Bishop for : St. Patrick's Cathedral, which had not a tower in a sufficient state of advancement until now to hold the bells.. The . tower, however, having been at • last completed, or nearly ! so'; it was determined to make the blessing or conse cration of these bells the first public occasion of theBishop's appearing amongst the people after his return from Europe. Accordingly on Sun day last there was an immense gathering, and an imposing ceremony at St. Patrick's, and some tune were played on the bells, which were placed in a sort of chapel of boughs constructed on one side of the church. The bells appear to be of very sweet tone; but I fear that when hung they will be rather weak," considering their great elevation. They certainly do not at present appear to me so powerful a peal as tho Albert Bells at your Town Hall. . The epicure has none too many dishes for the gratification of his palate in these colonies, and the poorer class know little'or nothing of variety,' being limited almost to beef and mut ton. It'therefore appears positively sinful'to. destroy palatable and wholesome food, which would furnish an agreeable change at thousands of tables. This, however, is being done, almost from necessity, as it appears cheaper to kill the _ rabbits in some places by thousands, leaving them to rot in then- holes than to sell them tor human food.' This suggests an anoma lous state of things in the labor market. Here is an article of universal demand which may be. had at first hand for almost nothing; but it cannot' be brought to the ■ consumer without being encumbered with profits of intermediate dealers, which; make the article3 too dear for the mass of the-people, John Chinaman has stepped into the field anil supplied us with vege tables where the Europeans could not Imake a living at it, and although probably there would be a little prejudice against taking animal food through the Chinamen, . it- is evident that " John " could utilise the now wasted bounties of Providence greatly to his own gain and ours also. The following paragraph is " going the rounds," and it will sound oddly by the side of stories of want and destitution:—'' It is calculated that over 300,000 rabbits must have been de stroyed within the last few months on Dr, Stod dart's station, near Golac. They have not been; counted; but the calculation has been, made in the following manner:—On one 320-acre pad dock there were 731 wombat holes; 631 of these were so blocked up that it was impossible for the rabbits in them to escape; out of the re maining 100 holes 4,000 rabbits were killed^ by means of traps or by digging-ouh Taking, therefore, an average, the number in the 631 blocked-up holes would be, say, 25,000, making a total of 29,000 for the paddock. In other paddocks 8,000 holes have been blocked up, pnd it is supposed that rabbits were quite as nunie rous in th ese as in the 100 holes where the rabbits were killed and counted. Taking this as a guide, the total number killed in the 8,000 boles would, be 320,000, or a grand:"total of 349,000 rabbits. There are no wombat holes on the remaining half of the run, it being thickly intersected, with stones, andhere the rabbits are as nume-' rous as ever; so it is only, fair to presume that there must at the commencement of the slaugh ter have been at least three-quarters of a million of rabbits.. Fifteen years ago Dr. Stoddart made two unsuccessful attempts to bfeed rabbits on his run. . . . The Austrian Count " Attems," whom the Sydney and Brisbane people were so delighted to honor, has come to grief.' The following is ■ a translation of a paragraph in the Handcl&blad;, a Batavian journal of October 21 " Sourabaya, October 5, 1868. " The commander of the Austrian _ yacht, Hamlet's Ghost, who has arrived in this port, has made a complaiut to the English Consul that on his voyage to this place, when close under the Java Coast, he had met an English ship, that on firing a salute in honor of the British flag, the salute was not returned. Now we read in a newspaper of Passarawang the following, which clears up the -mystery Commander Said Alsegaf, in charge of the British brig Diamond, which has arrived here from Probolingo, with Eattinese horses, men tions that he had been attacked near Boyoeki by a Prussian ror Russian cutter of about 8 kojangs (13 tons); that the cutter fired a blank cartridge across his vessel, and afterwards one with ball. On his threatening to sinkthe yacht she_ceased firing. This yacht must be the same which Said -Alsegaf had: already met at Koepang, in Timor. She wiis manned by . Eu ropeans and belonged to Sydney." ; Other advices state that information of the "Count's" expected arrival was telegraphed from Batavia to_ Sourabaya, some Batavian mer chants having been advised of his doings in Sydney. This warning led to enquiry, and it was found that the fellow had already per suaded a Bank to "do" a bill.for him.' The. Bank, however, finding that the Count Bad. " done", them, had him arrested, and it is now said that an "Austrian Count" passed some fictitious paper on an Arrsterldam Bank about this time last year under similar pretences. The probability is, that the Batavian Govern ment will be quite ready to delegate to Sydney the duty of inflicting upon this accomplished swindler the punishment he deserves, and it is, therefore, not improbable that his enthusiastic admirers, male and female, in the eastern metropolis, may have the pleasure of' seeing their distinguished friend again. Many of them will doubtless regret the abo'ition of the stocks and the whipping post. i . A case of snake poisoning which is likely to" be'of infinite importance occurred on Monday morning to Mr. John Brown, Stationmaster on the Melbourne and-Brighton line. A brown snake, nearly three feet long,' was apparently killed by a platelayer on the line and thrown up on to the platform. It was picked up by Brown, who, as, the men state, struck it with his hand, and thereby grazed his fore finger against the poison fang. - He himself said he had been bitten, and this appears to be borne out by the fact of the wound exhibiting two small punc tures. Thinking nothing of it at first, he after wards became comatose, and was taken to Dr., Arnold's, at St. Hilda,, who applied the usual remedies of excision and frequent doses of am-, monia and stimulants. He was sinking rapidly, under this treatment with every prospect of a fatal termination. Mr. "W". G. a'Beckett, surgeon, of St. Hilda, was sent for in, consulta tion, and he applied galvanism, which had'a' marked but temporary effect. • Professor Hal ford afterwards came, and upon the application of his new remedy—the-injection of ammonia into the system, by opening a vein—the patient speedily recovered'consciousness (nearly 12 hours after being bitten), and is now in,a fair way of recovery. This is the first opportunity Dr. Halford has had of personally experiment ing on a human being. Although in a case at Beechworth the'other day, another medical man tried the remedy, which Dr. Halford had found efficacious in his experiments on dogs, and with like success. i ' - 