REVIEW. The April number of the Colonial lonthly is up to the average in regard to its literary merit, and the illustration in connection with the serial story is well and artistically executed, " Long Odds" keeps the roader's in. terest awake. We are introduced to new characters, who seem destined to play a prominent part in the story; and our attention is called to several instances of youthful delinquency by the hero, which enable us to form a fair estimate of his character. The style of writing is ox. cellent, smooth and readable, without any apparent striving after effect. Our old friend, the "Fate of the Mada gascar" unfinished in the old series of the Colonial Afonthly, reappears in this number, and the present instalment, although we are introduced to the "highest summit of the Blue Mountain range in Ieow SoUlbL Waloe, amidl gurL s,. chasms, rocks, and precipices, surrounded by the loveliest scenery, and the most sterile district in all Australia," and al though the writer indulges his cacoelhes for superLttives, contains less of the sensa tional element than usuaL "Peggy's Christonisug" is a most laugh able little story, told with considerable rucmour. The incidents hinge upon the fear inspireel in the minds of wild bush children by the appearance of a priest, the first they h.:d ever seen. His Reverence wishes to christcn Peggy, the eldest daugh ter, and.her mother is also desirous .for it to be done. The por girl gets the idea into her hcad that they are going to brand her, and takes to the bush. The priest, the mother, the narrator of the story, mounted on horses, and one of Peggy's brothers, mounted on a bullock, undertake to "run her in," which is finally accom plished and the christening effected. By many the story will be considered over drawn, but such will nut be the opinion of those who have lived in the remote bush, and know the lamentable ignorance that exists amongst families removed from all civilising influences. It appears to be the Editor's determina tion to furnish his readers with one tale of horror in each number. We have this month "A Stone Safe," in which the body of a murdered digger is discovered ; and a ghost appears to the narrator, which, like the majority of hobgoblins, ct lwc genus onise, maiutains a profound silence, and behaves in a most unreasonable manner. The story is well told. The poety "Floating away " is more pretty than sublime. There is an excellent paper on "Reli gious intolerance," containing excellent advice to those who denounce all who differ from them in opinion. It will amply repay perusal "Election and Representation" is a masterly review of Mr. Bare's pro. posed system of representation. " Fenianism " is a well written article on the subject of the secret organisation about which so much indignation is at present evinced. The urriter expresses his opinion that the matter commenced in America, and that Fenians are "used as tools by America, to further her own ends, and are made to gratify American jealousy under the cloak of Irish patriotism." lie goes on to say, and very properly so: "It is clear that weakness will not conci. liate Fenians, and that fear alone will rule them. They must be looked upon as the public enemies of Great Britain, and must be treated with every severity. If their attempts increse, vigilance and the severity of the punishment must be increased also." There is a tone of practical common sense running through the whole paper, strongly contrasting with the balderdash of those who try to justify the most atrocious acts by attributing them to patriotic feelings. " Exeunt" gives a pleasing sketch of the late Mr. Charles Keau, and will ho read with pleasure by all who'feel interested in the stage. As long as the Colonial Montlly keeps up to its present standard it will indeed be far from creditable to the colonies if it is allowed to fall to the ground. 