THE CANINE CHASE. (A Legend of Chippendale.) " Cave Canem." Old Bradridge rides down Chippendale-road, Jogging along to his snug abode ! He thinks his screw Is almost due, While inspecting the houses and pavements to o, And notes that the metalling s just and true, And with steady pace does his course pursue, Save when he pauses a "nobbier " to do. Bradridge the bold stands six feet high, With rubicund nose and roving eye ; A genial style, An ancient "tile," A ripe mellow laugh and a jovial smile, But thoroughly vers'd in professional wile ; And, when he's not troubled with fits of the bile, Is rather a genial sort of old file. Surveyor Bradridge's spanking bay — A horse that has carried him many a day — Is a steed that for going " right slick away," (As our brother Jonathan chooses to say), And doing his work without halt or stay, Performing a distance with little delay, Save for " nob biers " aforesaid or tolls to pay, Is rivalled by few — indeed one might say No roadster excels Mr. Bradridge's bay ; I should say "did" excel — For the tale I must tell Points, alas ! to the finish of Bradridge's horse — A better one no swell e'er sat across. While jogging thus steadily down the street, Methodic as Captain M'Lerie on beat, Out flew a cur, With yelping wi-r-r, And sprang at the heels of that fiery steed, Which snorting fiercely rush'd off at speed. Bradridge was shaken — though he indeed Is steady on horseback, as one might need Desire amid City Surveyors to see ; He's a good bridle Jiand and a firm-gripping knee, Still, somewhat annoyed, as he well might be, He roar'd at the bay, which onward did flee, "The deuce take the dog and the knackers take thee ! " Hot language to use as we all must admit, Though Bradridge no doubt had been " riled " a good bit, But scarce had he utter'd the words above writ, When before his eyes, To his great surprise, He saw what his mind with amazement did fill, While each hair stood erect like a porcupine quill, Straight before him and clearly defined to his view, Were a horrible, mangy, unregistered crew Of moDgrels, which yelping along the road flew, While some phantom policemen the curs did pursue. All the canine abortions which daily infest The city and suburbs, and prove such a pest — In startling equestrians take such a zest — And in corners and alleys oft cower in wait To rush out on the passers and make them their bait, (Especially those who by night are out late ;) Which startle the nervous and harass the bold, Who often devote them to climates not cold. All ownerless brutes turn'd adrift as I'm told, Who hunt for their prey By night and by day, Making each street of our city a worse'un For canine annoyance than e'en the fam'd Persian Ispahan (so we're told by most travellers' version), Where by night it is awkward to make an excursion For fear of the dogs which in hordes prowl around, In every style of the whelp, cur, or hound. Some thousands or more (They increas'd by the score), Were seen by poor Bradridge with wonder and awe, Which was doubly increased by the p'licemen he saw, Or ghosts of policemen, the dog fiends pursuing, With batons outstretched and, with frenzy, hallooing ! And the fiery old bay Was careering away Right into the midst of the phantom procession. Bradridge tugged at the rein, but obtain'd no concession, And the speed of Tait's Glencoe when sailing away, Was a hen to a horse 'gainst the mettlesome bay, Which sprang with the speed of a shot from a rifle 'Mid the dogs — I would not have been there for a trifle ! From the pack came a crack And a horrible thwack ! Down tumbled the bay on the flat of his back — He rolled o'er with a kick ; Bradridge, jumping up quick, Found himself all serene, and looked round for a stick, But the phantoms had vanish'd, As though they were banish'd, By a good spirit chancing to pass on that way, And Bradridge 'scap'd scatheless — but not so the bay — He'd of wounds such a lot, Had such injuries got, That he couldn't be cured — therefore had to be shot ! Moral. Sydney Constables, heed this ! these curs spiflicate ; Don't eradicate nuisances rather too late. When clearing off goats clear off canine curs too — If you will stick to goats — why chacun a son gout ! 