ST. pATROICKS DAY. St. Patrick's day has pasied over harmless -nay, with even more than its wonted quietude. We have not even heard of the ghost of a f$etion fightt--thoue scrimmages so dear to the wild and irropressible Irish men, in which they break each other's heads for love, arid in which Connaughlt and ounster men helabour one another as though they were natural-born enemies, Peace and quietude have reigned supreme BuDt if we have missed the pathetic entreaty -urged only as an Irishman dying for want of a shindy can urge it-for some one to "tread on the tail of me coat," it has not bhcen because there was no need to put up tlhe lament. But w0 must not jump to the conclusion that, because the peace has not; been broken, therefo.ro the fears that imagined it would were groundless. On the contrary, had it not been for those fears it is highly probable the day would have been one of bloodshed. But for the knowledge that the authorities were not only deter mined hut capable of putting down any Fenian demonstration that might be .t tempted, such would certainly have boeon made. As it~ was, the sympathisers with the brutal Manchester murderers were fain to forego their intention of flaunting fheir sympathy before the public gaze-not choosing to .run the risk of "martyrdom" themselves. They can skulk behind the back of a princely victim and cowardly shoot him down; they can tunremorsely murder a policeman who, in the execution of his duty, stands betvween them and the violent rescue of their friends; they can bring death and desolation on innoccnut persons in an insane attempt to break down thei prison walls which confined other of their flriends, reck less of the fact that they could only suc ceedbykillingthqsewhom theysought to libe rate; they can defy the authorities, and hold their unhallowed funeral demonsotration, were itappears safe to do so; but where a bold front is opposed to their silly vaunting, where they are plainly told that if they make the attempt they will be dispersed by force and shot down if necessary-their blood on their'ownheads-thely show the white feather, and do not venture to emerge from their foul hidinhlg-places. And it was just because in this colony the Government showed this bold front thalt St. Patrick's Day was one of peace. The wish to make it otherwise ex isted without doubt-but it was effectually cowed. That the Fenian treason has taken root amongst us we fear cannot be sue cessfully called in question. That it is imn portant, either in point of numbers or in fluence, we do not believe. It is only be cause it works in the dark that it is to be feared. Were its proceedings open and above-board it would lose all its terror. 'It would then excite ridicule, not alarm. But being secret in its operations it keeps the mind of the nation on the tonter-hook of suspense. Its policy. seems to be, by vague intimations and threats, to prevent the public from enjoying the peace-to keep alive the impression in their minds that, when they leist expect it, a blow will be struck. Dis appointed in a funeral procession on their saint's day, they hint mysteriously that tIhe ddmonstration is only postponed to a more convenient season, They imagine the public authorities, when they see no enemy to grapple with, will cease the armed preparea tion they made, and matters will subside into their normal condition. Wcellperhaps they may; and perhaps a sudden coup on their part mighlt be momentarily successful. They might " surprise us in our beds somei fines night" as they say, and snatch a tem porary triumph. But it would be only tetaporary. And thIe terrible reaction that would foibllow would fall upon them with frightful effect. If any design exists to carry out unsexpectedly- this silly idea of a funeral procession, weo implore those im plicated, for tl\e sake of the peace of the communmity, for their own sake, for the sakte of tlmeii* countrymen who depirecate it, at once to give it up. The public temper is not in a stfte to be trifledwith; and if by any overt act on the part of Fenian sym pithtisers the bonds which now restrain it are broken, swift and frightful will he tIhe retmibution with which they will be visited. Nor on theio alone will it fall. They ought to have learnt from history tlhat in timecs of popular excitement nice distinctions rie never drawmi; and if they should, aftler sowing tie wind of treasoni and sedition, roap tlhe whirlwind of popular furyanld ven gonice, it is more than probable it will de stroy in its destructive courseo the innocent is well as the guilty. Ahlready there aire tanyy too iapt to treat Irishmanu ais a syno s'yn far Fe-tian--in that day of retfi. butiun, shomuld it ever be wickedly provoked, their number will be increa;sed tenifold, 