REVIEWS. "IRISH HOMES AND IRISH HEARTS." THE publication of a very interesting volume of some 250 pages, by the eminent London publishers, Longman and Co., has attracted much attention and favourable criticism in literary circles. It is named " Irish Homes and Irish Hearts," and the authoress, Miss Fanny Taylor, dedicates it" To those who, under strange skies and amid the still stranger scenes of Eastern hospitals, first taught her the work of Irish character, the warmth of Irish hearts, and the depth of Irish faith." A book so dedicated, and containing the impressions made upon a Protestant Englishwoman by actual experience and investigation in a tour of Ireland deserves the attention paid to it. If those who are so ready with flippant tongue and depreciating sneer to make their ignorant reflections upon Irish character and Irish affairs were to take a thousandth part of the trouble or pains to acquire some knowledge of the subjects Miss Taylor has evidently done in a spirit of Christian sympathetic feeling, there would be much less of the insolent tone prevalent in their customary style. Miss Taylor appears to belong . to that numerous class of English people who, when they have satisfied themselves, by impartial investigation, that they are bound in conscience to act and speak the truth, become more Irish than the Irish themselves. Miss Taylor's long experience of charitable and religious institutions, and her devotion to the sacred cause of charity, enabled her to deal with the questions in her interesting book in a spirit of enlightened criticism, and she has accomplished the work in so able and instructive a manner as to make us wish that the little volume will find its way into every house where sympathy for Irish fidelity and character exists. It would be even still more gratifying if the book were to be read by those who desire really to be acquainted with what Miss Taylor describes as the marvellous net of religious institutions spread over the land, and of those deeds of charity which in reality form a powerful element of Irish life. The following will give a good idea of Miss Taylor's descriptive powers:— Around thie town of Galway gather many memories of history and romance. On every side the quaint old town bears marks of having fallen from a great estate, while at each turn there is some record or other of the busy part Galway once took in the history of the country. Its ancient feuds, the proud names of its " Tribes," its mercantile greatness, its victories and its defeats, its sieges and its surrenders, all flock fast upon the visitor's memory as he passes through the narrow, half-deserted streets. But neither feud nor conquest could rob it of its chief interest—the beautiful bay which lies spread at its feet. No words can adequately describe the view when one stands on its shores, and the wild Atlantic, broken only by the dark ridge of the Isles of Arran, bursts upon the sight. Galway abounds in religious houses; to it the ancient orders have seemed to cling, and to raise their heads again within its walls as soon as ever they could do so in safety. I had an especial wish to visit the Convent of Poor Clares in Galway, standing on what is called " Nuns' Island," for the history of the order is one of the most romantic of any of the Irish religious houses. It seems that a convent of this order was existing in Galway in the year 1511, but it suffered the same fate as others at the time of the dissolution, and all traces of the religious who filled it are lost. From time to time, Irish ladies entered foreign convents with the hope of being able to make foundations in their native land, and six Irish nuns from the Poor Clares' Convent at Gravelines came to Dublin in 1625; and, says the old chronicle, " soon after they had encloistered themselves in the city of Dublin, they admitted several to this form of life, and their persecution began by search and threateninge in such manner that it was needful for them sometimes to hide themselves and to send their ornaments (i.e., church ornaments) to some Catholic houses. Yet, notwithstanding, the sweet savour of their virtues extended itself, and the manner of their life was much admired, and the more so because in people's memory there were none cloistered in that kingdom, and so everybody was desirous to see and hear them. Amongst the rest, the Lady Deputy went disguised to look on them, the which she did through the high grate, as they were in divine office, and was in great admiration." Unfortunately the Lady Deputy must needs tell her lord what she had seen, upon which " the Lord Deputy sent the mayor with armed men to the convent, ordaining to bring the Abbess, with some of the religious, to his presence, and to leave a guard upon the convent and the rest, until farther orders." As the mayor came back with the defenceless nuns, there assembled great concourse of people, who took compassion to see them go abroad barefoot, and feared much that they would suffer greater harm ; they raised such tumult that the mayor feared to be stoned, whereupon, directing his speech to Father Luke Dillon, brother to the Abbess, and some other lords, knights, and gentlemen kinsmen to the nuns, who were present there, he said that no hurt should be done to the gentlewomen, and, therefore, for God's love to appease the people. They did so, by the persuasion of the same Abbess and other Sisters. Having arrived at the Castle, where the Deputy and peers, with a great multitude of people expected them, the Deputy questioned the Abbess how did they dare to put up their grates, and settle themselves in cloister there?" The answers of the Abbess, however, somewhat abated the fury of this wise ruler, and instead of driving them out of Ireland as he had intended, he only commanded them to quit Dublin within a month from that day. The order was obeyed, and, as the six novices, though unprofessed, would not be persuaded to forsake them, the whole set forth on their exile. " They divided themselves into three companies amongst some noble country friends of theirs, who charitably harboured them until a poor house was built for their habitation in a solitary neck of land, without inhabitants, near a great cave, not daring any more to settle themselves in any great town or city or populous place; and there they founded a convent, which they called Bethlehem, and it was situated in such a low and shadowy bog as the physicians wondered how such tender creatures, very delicately reared, could live therein, for in wet and rainy weather the water would not only fall through the Toof of the house, but also in several places came up through the ground. Besides that, all their houses were so low that their cells and other rooms, except only the choir, were upon the ground." This convent was situated in the neighbourhood of Athlone, oh the banks of Lough Ree, a noble expansion of the Shannon, but where there is much marsh and bog land; and, notwithstanding the unhealthiness of the site, the community rapidly increased, and people came from a great distance to see them. Another Lady Deputy had the same curiosity as her predecessor, and made the journey to Athlone, together with the Duchess of Buckingham, for the sole purpose of seeing and conversing with the nuns. However, fresh persecution was at hand,, and in 1641 the nuns were warned. that the Parliamentary soldierswere on their track. For some months they lived " in such panic as it were far easier for them to suffer death at once than to live in the like martyrdom." It was now that the people of Galway, confident in their own superior safety, besought some of the nuns to come within their walls for protection. Accordingly a foundation was made, but thirty nuns remained behind in Bethlehem, being unwilling to quit it till they should be actually forced to do so. This soon took place, and they had to fly away in boats to the other side of the lake, while the soldiers took possession of the convent, «' devouring all the provision, making sport and laughter of the altars, pictures, ornaments, and sacred things that were therein. Some of them would put on the habits of the nuns they found there, ani jesting at them, would say, ' Come, let us say Mass.' Lastly, they set fire to theconvent. The exiled nuns divided into two parties—one going to Wexford, and the other to Athlone. But a few years later both theseconvents were destroyed by Cromwell, and the nuns driven away. Many of them went to Spain, and were received into convents of their order, and beautiful records remain of their holy lives and deaths— stories which might form themes for a poet and subjects for an artist. One ship touches the Spanish shore, but the aged Abbess, who is on board, is worn out, and dies in sight of land; or again, when Sister Julia Blake, of Galway, is dying, she is " so jocund and glad, that she caused to be played on a harp for her, and therewith to sing Te Deum Laudamus." The Poor Clares, on their arrival in Galway, received a great number of novices, and soon after sent the following humble petition to the Corporation:—" That your petitioners, members of this Corporation, did some yeares sithence forsake the world to serve the Almighty, and what through the distempers of the times, and through God's holy will, have suffered great affliction these seven yeares past, and in their necessity, as bound by nature, repaired to this toune; shewing, further, that through necessity, by reason of the tymes, their parent* and friends are unable to furnish their wants, as in peaceable tymes they have intended; and that your poor petitioners doe suffer much by the exorbitant rent they pay, and notwithstanding their due payment are to be thrust out of their dwelling next May, their lease being then ended; the premises considered, and taken to your consideration the inconvenience of religious women who want habitation, the convenience of their residence in this place, the preferment of young children, though poor, shall be relieved, by God's assistance, in our convent, the everlasting prayers to be made for you, the glory of God,, the preservation of the town by your petitioners, and their successors their intercessions, the honour of Galway to befounde such a monasterie; the petitioners humbly pray that you may be pleased to grant them sufficient roome for building a monasterie, and rooms convenient thereunto, a garden and orchard, in the next island adjoyning to thebridge of Illanalltenagh, and for that your petitioners' building will be rather a strength than any annoyance, hindrance or impeachment,, either to the other island, or to the safety and preservation of this Corporation, which granted, they will ever pray. " SISTER MART BONAVENXOEE, " Unworthy Abbesse." This petition was acceded to, and the island " was granted to the community in 1648, and the same was recorded in chapter and mayoralty book, in the mayoralty of Walter Blake, knight." Upon tins island a handsome convent with cloisters was erected, but all was lost when Galway surrendered, in 1652, to the arms of Cromwell, and the convent was torn down. Many of the nuns seem to have lingered in. Galway or its neighbourhood, for a few years afterward we find twoof them renting their own land from the man to whom it had been granted by the Parliament, and farming it. The land afterwards became the property of the Crown. In 1686 a few of the Poor Clares still survived, and still pined after convent home, and they ventured once more into Galway, and t©ok a large house in Market street, where they received lady boarders for the purpose of concealing the fact that they were religious. The annals state that, on the first of May, 1698, the convent was broken into by the military, the nuns turned out, and obliged to disperse among their friends. Undaunted in courage, as soon as this storm had blown over, the nuns returned to their place, and lived unmolested till April, 1712, when they were again turned out, and the convent converted into barracks. A kind friend living next door, Mr. Ambrose O'Connor, harboured five or six of them for the moment. When night drew on they had a great longing to creep back to their beloved and deserted choir, there to say their matin office. Mr. O'Connor supplied them with candles, and gave the sentry a douceur to induce him to allow the poor ladies to say their prayers for an hour. So the nuns crept up to the chapel, and in low tones said their matins and lauds; meanwhile, the sbldiers, who were sleeping in the cells were shaking with terror, and went next morning to their officers to complain that the choir was filled by the ghosts of the nuns saying their prayers, and that they would no longer sleep in a haunted house. The convent was therefore deserted, and after a little time the poor nuns ventured back to it. That same year they sent six Sisters to found a convent of their order in Dublin, but soon after their arrival they were seized and taken to the Judges, and their papers also looked into. Such was the alarm the arrival of a handful of nuns excited, that an order was given that'' all the laws in force against the papists should be strictly carried into execution." It does not appear that this was put in force as regards the Dublin nuns, but as it had been discovered they came from Galway, orders were sent down to disperse the nuns in that town. However, the religious were warned of it, and, putting on secular clothing, they so mixed themselves with the boarders that they could not be discovered. Time went on, and the nuns were in great straits, and reduced to uttermost poverty; and in 1740, " the times being more peaceable," two of the nuns actually had the courage to make a journey to London, a formidable undertaking indeed in those days. Sister Slierrit, belonging to one of the oldest names in Galway, was cousin german to Lady Hamilton, one of the ladies of the bedchamber, and through her interest the queen was induced to grant them three acres of land, " on their own island, to feed a couple of cows." No doubt the peculiar character of Caroline of Anspach inspired hope that she might lend a favourable ear to the petition. She was a woman of education, " a solitary model of refinement in the midst of a gross, clownish, and corrupt court;" she was fond of power, and determined to exercise it. It is also said that " she took great delight in making theologians dispute knotty points in her presence, perplexing thein with questions concerniug the opposite doctrines of the different Christian churches." Perhaps the idea that the nuns of St. Clare had been unjustly robbed and persecuted had some chance of getting into her head; at all events, it must have been a strange sight when they appeared before her, wearing the poor habit of St. Clare, in the sight of her regal splendour. The nuus came back from London in " great joy, and soon got possession of the three acres, when they planted a garden, and built a small lodge for such of the Sisters as might want to change air, the convent within the town being close, and filling fast with subjects to the number of fifty at onetime." As time passed on the funds of the community increased, till at last they were able once more to build on their beloved island; a convent, chapel, and poor schools, all under one roof, accordingly rose up, and the entire community removed there on the 15th of June, 1825. Thus, after an exile of one hundred and seventy-three years, the same religious family, the successors of those who had been driven out, and who had gone through such cruel vicissitudes, came back to their old quarters, to what is so touchingly called all through their annals, "their own island," "their dear island," to live their at last in peace and security. Forty years have passed away, and here the community still dwell; only that by their side have risen up the fresh young communities of modern days. On the other side of the river, which runs around the island, is a Presentation convent, with schools, and the Sisters of Mercy are also'in the own. » 