30JSH DILLINOS' DOOK OF SAYINGS, TO MY LADY connRsrorNDENTrs. Coiu.-Now yn ask me tow mutch. I kant giv no eartin resippe tow make a feller pop the question.. Sum men are awful slow on a court, tha are like oldo houn dogs, all the want iz to be sure tha are on the rith track, and don't seem to kare if tha don't never cum up with the game. If I was a gal, and one ov this kind of dogs got after me, I wud hole rite off, and if he didn't commence to dig me out at onst, I shud kno he was only hunting for fun. IRobekar.-I am dredful sorry tow hear yu are a widder. I kno how to pity yu, I haint never bin a widder miself, but I have bin In a habit ov pittying widders, for a grate lenght ov time. And yu tell me yu are a yung widdor too, wuss and wusser. If yu find that thare aint nobod In yure naberhood who understands pittying yung widders, let me kno at onst, and I will seeo what kan be did for yu. Flora.-I like yuro spirit, yu hay got a soul. Thare aint no diskount on to it. Stan yure ground, don't giv an inch, the oldo man will cum to hiz milk bimeby. The idee that yu kant have a bonnet az good as Sal Parker haz got, iz darned likely, If I waz a gal, and ml oldo man wouldna't go 50 dollars for me a plane bonnet, blame me if I wouldn't go into a deokline, spit blood, or hay a pano in the bak, or see a ghost, and set a shiver till the otdo man cum doun with the bonnet. Lizzy.-Yn sa yn are sixteen years old, aint married yet. That looks a little dusty, but don't, dispare, az long aor there iz life theres hope. If i hoar ov enny body look ing around for a woman, ill let yu klcno forth. withly. Send me forty or fifty ov your foto grafs, the are good things to skatter around leo. Az I cod in mi last letter i kant la doun no rule to koch a husband, men kant tell themselves half the time what ketchod them, awl tha kno iz that the git koched the cussedest ovra now, and then. Matilda.-Lap dogs are verry skase jist now prinsipally owing tow the skasity ov them. I see one yosterda that was almost heavenly.' The owner asked 60 dollars for him, he had sore eyes, and the itch, but the tell me that awl lap dogs har thezo trifling komplantes.: I saw anuther one, which the owner onla asked thirty- five dollars for, he had small sized fits, but waz warranted not tow have more than throe fits in enny one da. I think this dog iz jist what yu are looking for; I offered thirty-seven dollars for him, if the owner wud heave in a vial ov fits medisin. Ile is tow giv me an anser tomorrow. P.8.-I hay bought the dog and will send him by xpross, His name iz Agusty Soazer. 