LOCAL AND GENEIRAL NEWS. -4- All fears of another dry summer may now, we think, be dismissod. It began to rin again yesterday morning at about three o'clock, and continued cloudy and moist. At half-past one in theafternoon a heay storm from the south-west burst oeer the town, and the rain came down in torrente, giving the .treet gutters the first thorough sconridg'they have hdd for many a day. Immediately before thd rain there was a tremendous thunder- alsp, the ligtning teoompeep ing which caused the sad accident io@ wbiohbention is made elsewhere. rom inall ijpartbof tht' eotly we have news of fine rainfalls and.trnut they .B ,ex tended to the far west. The wind apnngi tO yesterday weeas very strong, tearing bincae! okrcsg and other treiB, and doing a gooddea? ordamasge tS the gardens. At night the staes were out again, but we nmagine there is more wet intore for s. : Yeeera~y, the Friesa of Walee's bfrthil4~j,4;l observed as a general holiday,' but there smwh mcareity ofpublic'amusemente. Th'ebwateeieAh * morning was rather dose, an'the' Cleft'" wez threatening. There were o0emniohrseet vtlntee" s or steamboat .tripe; a cricket inateh, some 'VY6isnt?r shooting at the butte, and a tempetrabetuamhtfllkt in the evening.were the only public attostions. . 1. At hcalf-pat seven o'clock yesterday m oi e memberb of Ko. 2 ]Battery QV.'A, aseeehibbC~t.the Railway Yards, North IpswRieh, and at "?g .h?';dtee wan fired in honour of the heir appareutto th6 th;ritiuh Throne." Atten aperty of the Bides, undbarebmsud of Iieutenant Blunt, proceeded to the imeftati4ttle Ipswich, there they costinoed firing untl.th'e"bMrm forced them to seck shelter. The mhajority drhyitl3' made for home, but a.few.peraevered, sndtbhriung during the afternoon wte very fair.. The cricket match .between the Ipeh anda sNational clubs commenced shortly. ,after 1l)0s?oFk yesterday, and attraeted a good asny yon4M.- ? n. The Ipewich men won the taon, end' enw"t'4,oltYe stumps. The play generally was loone. :8et'W8o' the only hetsman who madesa.esed 4sud tha.~niga number or entrea proved nhe? inetleieeecyo1lbdeld. The fnst innings of the,' Ipswieh". rosede l~J;qf which oply 52 were off the bat,enod as ,g~tlswad 29,. tbe ethesr tn playeris' avergea .onlydn each. The Natienals had ,;st on ea~% inniegs when the game ints ,athbped ~,¶ -' m and it wae bot' .ater,,rds 'veemid. To °b ";# men had been disposed of in t~ie firt two or three orers, and whek the attlnse wore drawn the total score stooed at' sin. The followin is a record .of iue .game :;~-Ipiich lub.k--icu4, run out, 4; Seott, .Blackb.,Brereton, ..291.JOrbl , b. Quinn, 8; .1. Feoton, '0. Brereton, b. Qu?in, 01 Harris, o. Slack, b. ·Brereton, "0? Hellicer, iotodt?'s; W. Cribb, nun out, 0; Cameron, b. Brereton, O; Alphee,.run out, ; Heorton, ; Brereton, b.Qeoinn, 2; Unavrd, e. Breraton, .b;.BQinn, 0; byes, 26; leg byes, 2; widee, ; totatd9. Nstionsl dnb.--Webby, b. Foton, Os Lynch, hb. Fontee,0 Slack, ranuo0e?Lk Brereteo, not out, 1; W. Quinh,voeunoutP2 a.;.5;? Tieeannnol tea-meeting ofthe Ipswrioh Tpmpsftne Society was hield in the.hall'West-street, |?e~i?. The buidingwsa neatly deeo.nted with-dower'? evergreens.' ?na the tables were .bnndantly add·hl -iringly spread. " About l-Oleacsona'e U 6"db-I't?' sfter.which therewans publicmeetmn? pres the Preident, ; .CM'Par: ans., eIJhers. diern od Amos, and' everal 3Bm friends wAere~on the pltforpeal ~ pt ing?' The'nLlwras wallfilled.. ftemper arcs and thek 'drilo of·'jiotsuseranpadal hatoil' and tlUudtratsd en;i amusinga mggsm speeches, which wres warmlcv aplaudst" ..a Feulweod and jl tsief Bii4saean'; d1ola mationof a; branch-·oftth6!Reheblhbith lIjiq Spa wich, and euplained its princoiles.' rhe meeting brke nl~tbupaiao utlonsc .. .A t . sheckingeatastrOphe:waa oaued byt Le storm in Ipswich yetarday,.aftemenon. ;AlJitthl-jboynbiam John lames Laqkeha, aged iafl.yd~e7,rej gg~~ by tbeies oeplc in the tebnI!nScWlt in West-street, when' the eleotij'eddid strok'dli' top of the wooden nhimneylttk4tin? ;it in all d'iretion. It thence ran down do thetopdf 'iiasi il" & r of which the' boy; sass. diltiulg bnds Bbi k.'theilbjL, little.eellow ·on the erowh ,o? ? aedL? ?_.? ]?e ward. it~nut off siatandosstiic hbbhltlaiej ilirdi~wllAI clean as though it had .elo,n4spwed.. ],iel~g round the neck to the fronteni the breast, went dowo, thehobddy and'leAs intothe'rdhis'd. His sktec~o ig in found her brotherl' ing'"shiiob "is'?,tiE d. The course of the lightning was prlaellly- hbte--'y-he disolouratton, andi sososplu he removal, ofth akin. The hair and eyeb rows. were singed, anhere was aanilloot:,nder thes h pil. sdh by the fall; there wu als aan aos ".rar.snipLof blood on the.ilp'of 1 behed: where' { the id litra_'s. n inquest washeldb yths Polish aietrtli of the aftemoon.,when ·euidan6s eorrborttsa a above facts was addoie.' ,Drs, Loesherg and nor ,ware, i:,sattendunoe .aho5tlyJaftea t best readiralaid was of nosi? .aa , l .. ,,"o o bliola Grainmaf thagh leaKS d~8i instsnt, ldr. Manea, MA Bdi idasneo p mousaly elected tis the offico! lfutittoe~ lqfdtbr, rendered vacant by thare sigalt of Ith kI;tibo- He is at pris snt esaticalS|aatarbflti~Cllege, Vic?ias. Kis.tsetimoniak;lhbwithet lM tnt only a preflsisi6 tlsmathasatics a~ lkoeslntsldan sbutealso an excellent English endaolence coholar. In addition te.his.Unlversity:n-. be~ba ha:holdeiatlthbeertiuBite of:merit as o (ained techer froan thra's ?mmfblt?t Couneil on Edacation." The lket 'nmbeio?td e S?/dnee yket Wekei Wase, cootaco a vary fawypppteait aClpl~ahl aloe a' portraitof the ]iahop Bf a , dh et strike us asbeiang so 'godd: Tc e . keephJq.b character for vary good and voty bad aga¶l}f instance oflthe latter, tabe thak abemnn in preaeht number--"The opanlng of the OW' .outh? Wales Pealiament. " A mis nomaed Thomas Sled was kried . lit Ip~j~ on Friday afternoon. The de eaasd' ? ploy of Messrs. William and'Pater Barker,. iloown several punte on the river, and the three weieat work on a pent anchored in the~riar 'nisr Brasleid Creek. At abouet half-past 4 o'clock ,tesigb ting'wee very vivid, and Bird, who was at the !panc4 W, ) recom mended by his companions to desist. He did not do Bo, howevar, and, almost immediately after, a more than usually vivid dash eame.: It mnet;,iaehetstck the three, for the two Barbers say they were felled to the ground insensible. When they ease to their esensa, they missed Bird, and saw his hat Roating on the water. One of them immediatelyldhad for him, bet it waese me time before (tha body' wai.diacow. Life we than totally eatinct, andthe colbs ar quite blaock. The clothes ware torn in aevel.?ploⅇ, 4 and the hat was also rent. The deceased, who wee' twecnty-three years of age, leaces a wife and dcii-, Courier. Some tidings have at last come to hand respecting (S the movements of the accomplished ewindler who lately galled so many, under the assamed name of Count Von Attems. Captain Howse, who was in command of the Hamlet'e Ghost, writing from somer. set, on September 29, tells his wife that hehas left the vessel, and will shortly be in Brisbane. " UThe Caoott' has set sail for the East Indies.--.Tid. The Brisbans Grammar School'sill be completed within a week or ten days, hot it will not be opened until Jasiary 31; 1809, after the Christmasevaoation. Mr. Harlin, blA., at present matlhemntical master of tlhe Ipswich Grammar School, lins been appointed head master; Mr. D. Cameron, second masters and M[r. F.J. Keogh, bead master of the Fortitude Valley National School, assistant master. ArrangemsS alS have been made to secure the services of e~ficient French and German masters. A compstens drill and gymnastic instructor will also be engaged,' inThs tr-ee teas are also malingother arrangements, whish,when completed, will enable tlIem to open the 'shool'ilan first-class manner."-Iid. The Deliy Herald of November 7saye l-`The pro2 prietors of this journal were yesterdayaseved' with notices of an action instituted in the Supreote Caai$. of Queonsland byMr. HenryTseorn, in which disei"pd are laid'at one thoneand pounds. The opies sfiordit do not specify the particulars ofthe plaintia'si:eldm, but we are unaer the impreson thatithsoeferenoe I to a letter signed "An Eletor," which wp published as an advertisement dering the 'icent? elestion, Mr... thorn beitngthe uenancemsafal candidate,. - 