SYNOD OF THE DIOCESE OF SYDNEY. THURSDAY. Tub Synod met pursuant to special adjournment, the Right Reverend President taking the chair at 7 o'clock in the evening. MINUTES. The minutes of proceedings on Wednesday were road by the Acting Clerical Secretary, the -Rev. R. L. King, and signed by the President. QUESTION. Mr. Holland asked by what means the Cathedral of St. Andrew was to be endowed. Tho.PiiESiuENT : In every shape. VOTE OF THANKS. On the motion of the Rev. Dr. Tucker, seconded by Mr. G. P. Wise, it was agreed,-" That the thanks of the Synod are hereby presented to the proprietors and editors of the Australian Churchman for the generous gift of two hundred and fifty copies of the last issue of that paper for the use of the members of the Synod, containing the charge delivered by the Right Rev. the Metropolitan at the recent visitation, the sermon preached by the Very Rev. the Dean, and the address of the Lord Bishop in opening the present session of Synod." APPOINTMENTS To VACANT OFFICES. On motion of the Very Rev. the Dean, duly seconded, the following appointments were agreed to and accepted : Mr. William Barker, chairman of committees (re- elected, having resigned on his appointment as registrar) ; Mr. William Barker and Mr. T. W. Smart, members of the Standing Committee (in place of the Hon. G. W. Cox, deceased, and Mr. Charles Cowper, resigned) ; Mr. G. F. Wise, lay secretary ; the Rev. H. A Palmer, clerical secretary (in place of the Rev. R. L. King resigned) and Mr. J. F. Raymond and Mr. R. Johnson, auditors of the accounts of the Standing Committee. CLERGY WIDOW'S AND ORPHANS TONE). The Rev. H. S. King asked and obtained leave to bring in certain resolutions to amend the rules, passed in 1867, for the management of the Clergy Widows and Orphans Fund for the Diocese of Sydney, and for making certain additions to such rules. The resolutions were introduced, and read a first time. It was ordered that they be printed, and that the second reading stand an order of the day for to- morrow (Friday). THE LAMBETH PASTORAL. The Rev. G. A'iuai, moved,-" That, while thanking the Metropolitan for reading to us the Pastoral of the Conference of Lambeth, he be requested to convey to the Archbishop of Canterbury- the respectful acknowledg- ment of the Synod of this diocese for that Pastoral." The rev, mover said he was sure he spoke the sentiments of 31 members of the Synod in expressing thanks for the reading of this pastoral. Among the many topics touched upon in the President's address this one seemed to claim a special acknowledgment, to show both our sense of its importance and our thankfulness that the President had given it such prominence as to embody' it in his address. He (Mr. vidal) had further to move that the President be requested to convey to the Archbishop of Canterbury the effect of this resolution of the Synod, because It must be felt that this Synod, as a representative body of the Church in this diocese, ought to have the opportunity of formally acknowledging a document which had been addressed to the whole Church at large. Setting aside all considerations of merit in the pastoral, all must feel that it was nothing more than what was courteous and becom- ing, and within what was simply consistent with the dignity of the Sx nod, that it should publicly and formally acknowledge that missive, with the affectionate tone of which all must have been struck so full was it of the expression of Christian and primitive charity-a missile which, as the President told us, came to us from an august assembly of not less than eighty- two bishops from all quarters of the globe, and representing every branch of the Church at present in communion with us, and moreover forwarded to our hands by a prelate so eminent and so revered as the Archbishop of Canterbury. He could speak of its loyalty to the principles of the Church of its resistance to Roman alliance in every shape, and to the refined subtleties of infidel philosophy, and the many shades of Socinianism all knew to their cost to be so prevalent at present, and, in fact, to its display of the steady maintenance of the faith once delivered to the Saints. He could also speak with delight of the great clearness and distinctness it preserved between the Church as a Divine institution and the Church in alliance with the State. But it was not his intention to trouble the Synod with any' observations of the kind, for the force of that document would only be weakened by any words of his but he might be permitted to say, and all he believed would concur in it, that if it were possible to add to the intrinsic weight of this pastoral, that weight would have been added by the singular impressiveness with which it was road to the Synod. The Pastoral referred to is subjoined : "Address of the Bishops. " To the faithful in Christ Jesus, the priests and deacons, and the lay members of the Church of Christ in communion with the Anglican branch of the Church Catholic, " We, the undersigned Bishops, gathered under the good providence of God for prayer and conference at Lambeth, pray for you that ye may obtain grace, mercy, and peace from God our Father, and from the Lord Jesus Christ our Saviour. " We give thanks to God, brethren beloved, for the faith in our Lord Jesus Christ, and the love towards the saints, which both abounded amongst you; and for the knowledge of Christ which through you hath been spread abroad amongst the most vigorous races of the earth and with one month we make our supplications to God, even the Father, that by the power of the Holy Ghost He would strengthen us with His might to amend amongst us the things which are amiss, to supply the things which are lacking, and to reach forth unto higher measures of love and zeal in worshipping Him, and in making known His name; and we pray that mills good time He would give back unto His whole Church the blessed gift of Unity in Truth. " And now we exhort you in love that you keep whole and undefiled the faith once delivered to the saints, as ye have received it of the Lord Jesus. We entreat you to watch and pray, and to strive heartily with us against the frauds and subtleties wherewith the faith hath been aforetime and is now assailed. " We beseech you to hold fast, as the sure word of God, all the canonical Scriptures of the Old and New Testa- ment and that by diligent study of these oracles of God, I praying in the Holy Ghost, ye seek to know more of the Lord Jesus Christ our Saviour, very God and very Man, ever to be adored and worshipped, whom they reveal unto us, and the will of God, which they declare. " Furthermore, we entreat you to guard yourselves and ours against the growing superstitions and additions with which in these latter days the truth of God hath been overlaid ; as otherwise, so especially' by the profession to universal sovereignty over God's heritage asserted for the See of Rome, and by the practical exaltation of the Blessed Virgin Mary as mediator in the place of her Divine Son, hand by the addressing of prayers to her as intercessor between God and man. Of such beware, we beseech you, knowing that the jealous God giveth not His honour to another. " Build yourselves up, therefore, beloved, in your most holy faith ; grow in grace and in the knowledge and love of Jesus Christ our Lord. Show forth before all men by your faith, self-denial, purity, and Godly conversation, as well as by your labours for the people amongst whom God hath so widely spread you, and by the setting forth of His Gospel to the unbelievers and the heathen, that ye are indeed the servants of Him who died for us to reconcile . His Father to us, and to be a sacrifice for the sins of the whole world. Brethren beloved, with one voice we warn you; the time is short; the Lord cometh: watch and be sober. Abide stedfast in the Communion of Saints, wherein God hath granted you a place. Seek in faith for oneness with Christ in the blessed Sacrament of His body and blood Hold fast the creeds and the pure worship and order, which of God's grace we have inherited from the Primitive Church. Beware of causing divisions contrary to the doctrine you have received. Pray and seek for unity amongst' yourselves, and amongst all the faithful in Christ Jesus! and the good Lord make you perfect, and keep your bodies, souls, and spirits until the coming of the Lord Jesus i Christ." The Rev. P. R. S. Bailey seconded the motion. The Rev. W. Lumsdaine considered that it was a ' duty to make some acknowledgment of the pastoral which had been received from the Lambeth Couiennro. I had principle of unity was very clearly laid down therein, and. there was a distinct disavowal of nil Munro try in every chapter. It was, therefore, peculiarly acceptable to us, and he had much pleasure in supporting the motion. The motion was then put and carried unanimously'. CATHEDRAL ORDINANCE. On the motion of the CiiANcr.l.i.oit, the President left the chair and the Synod resolved itself into Committee of the Whole, for the purpose of considering the Cathedral Ordinance in detail. , The preamble was postponed, and clause 1, setting forth, the short title of the Ordinance, was also postponed. ClnuFO 2 : " This Ordinance shall be the Constitution of the Cathedral Church of St. Andrew in the City of Sydney hereinafter mentioned as the Cathedral and the trust for the time being of the said church of St. Andrew and every; other person in any way acting in or about the execution of the trust hereinbefore mentioned shall in the execution of the said trust observe perform and keep the provisions of this Ordinance Provided nevertheless that nothing in this Ordinance contained shall be held to affect or prejudice the rights or interests if any which the parish of St. Andrew may now- have in the said Church of St. Andrew " The CHANCELLOR drew attention to the proviso at the end of the clause. Some objection had been taken to this proviso, on the ground that it was not necessary, and he merely desired to remark that it was simply intended to remove any doubt as to the action of the Synod under this ordinance. One immediate object of adding the proviso was to give people an opportunity of seeing that the Synod did not wish to prejudice any existing interest, and to remove some misapprehensions as to the intentions of the ordinance itself. On these grounds he moved that the clause BE it stood to cause two of the ordinance Mr. Consett Stephen rose to oppose the proviso. Mr. Docker had, last night, taken objection to this proviso because it tended to create a belief that the parishioners of St. Andrew's had special rights in relation to the cathedral, whereas the learned Chancellor had shown most clearly that they had no such rights. He could easily understand how the clause was prepared, and the difficulties that must have occurred to the minds of the gentlemen who prepared it. But the clause was unnecessary to secure the rights of the parishioners, because if any such rights existed who could not touch them, and if they did not possess them the proviso meant nothing. He thought, therefore, that the proviso should be expunged. Mr. R. Johnson seconded the motion for the express son of the clause. If the parishioners of St. Andrews had no rights, what was the use of saying in this clause that they had Mr. H. Jones trusted that the committee would not agree to the omission of this proviso. There was strong ground for thinking that a great number of the parishioners of St. Andrew's imagined that the Synod, by passing this ordinance, intended to prejudice their interests. We ought to give them a distinct assurance that we did not intend to prejudice them. They had no right to interfere in any way with the primary character of the Church ; but if any one would read all the proceedings in connection with this cathedral he would find that expectations had been raised that this church would be made the parish church of St. Andrew's. (Cries of " No.") Some gentlemen said "No." If they would refer to a meeting held in May, 1840, they would 803 that there were expecta- tions held out that the building should be used not entirely as a cathedral, but as a parish church. The late Bishop Broughton, in speaking to one of the resolutions at that meeting, seemed to attach a good deal of importance to that consideration. Any' member of the Synod desirous of satisfying himself on that point might refer to the Herald of that date, and he would see that these assertions were correct. It was possible, then, that the parishioners might think that they had some lights, and we were under some obligation to deal tenderly with them. They would sustain a great loss when the cathedral was opened. They' were a good congregation, and had a gentleman ministering to them to whom they were much attached, and who was much attached to them. Unless this cathedral was opened as a parish church, it would lead to the breaking up of the congregation. Thus it was that the parishioners felt rather sore upon the matter; and he thought that in passing this ordinance we should put in a distinct disclaimer to the effect that the Synod had no desire to prejudice any rights. that the parishioners possessed. Admitting that the words were mere surplusage, they could do no harm, and they would reassure the parishioners of St. Andrew's. He trusted that the committee would retain the clause in the form of in which it now stood. Mr. Consett Stephen did not consider the words more surplusage. He thought they might do mischief. If these parishioners had claims they had better be settled. If they were entitled to leave Hub as a parish church, they did not gain much by the proviso, for it was taken away from them in the next clause. Mr. R. Jones : How can the clause be mischievous ? Mr. Consett Stephen : Because it tends to create a doubt where none should exist. The question that the words proposed to be omitted stand part of the clause was then put, and the Synod divided, when there appeared for the clause as it stood 50, and for the amendment 35. The amendment was therefore negatived, and the clause was passed. Clause 3: "Nothing contained in this Ordinance shall prevent the Bishop of the diocese if he shall so see fit from assigning to the Cathedral an ecclesiastical district under the pastoral superintendence of the Dean of Sydney for the tower being and to be represented in the Synod of the diocese by the Dean and lay members elected in the usual manner Provided nevertheless that the inhabitants of any such district shall not require any special rights in or any control over the Cathedral." The CHANCELLOR, in moving this clause, said that its' object was to provide that in case it should seem right for the Bishop to assign to the Cathedral an ecclesiastical district, his doing should not interfere with the working of this ordinance. The parishioners would not be able to obtain any control over the Cathedral. The clause was agreed to without amendment. Clause 4: " The Cathedral shall be called or known by the name of The Cathedral Church of St. Andrew Sydney and shall be held to be the parish church of the entire diocese." The clause was passed. Clauses: "The general management and government of the Cathedral shall be vested in a body of persons to be called * The Chapter of the Cathedral Church of St. Au- di exv Sydney' without prejudice however to the right of the Bishop of the diocese to use the Cathedral for ordina- tions and on all other occasions appointed by him and to officiate and preach in the Cathedral as he may at any time see fit." The CHANCELLOR said it was intended that the government of the Cathedral should not interfere with the peculiar rights of the Bishop, who was the incumbent of the cathedral, in the same sense as every member of the diocese was a parishioner thereof. The clause was passed. Clause G : The fabric and site of the Cathedral and all lands property moneys and revenues belonging to the Cathedral shall be vested in the Bishop of the Diocese as trustee subject to the control of the Chapter as hereinafter provided." . This clause was agreed to. Clause 7 " The Chapter shall consist of fifteen members -namely-, the Bishop of the Diocese for the time being, the Dean of Sydney- for the time being appointed by the Bishop, the Chancellor of the Diocese for the time being appointed by the Bishop, six Canons being licensed clergymen of the diocese in the holy order of priesthood resident within the diocese and appointed and elected as hereinafter provided, and six laymen being coiiiinuuieants of the United Church of England and Ireland resident within the diocese and elected by the Synod of the Diocese as herein- after provided." The CHANCELLOR explained that it had been considered advisable to mingle the lay and clerical elements in the governing body of the Cathedral. The Bishop had been in former times excluded from the chapter, and some discussion had arisen as to whether he should be excluded in the present instance. It had been considered desirable that the Bishop should form part of the Chapter. The Dean of Sydney and the Chancellor of the diocese were also made members of the Chapter. Then there were six clerical canons and six lay canons, the latter to be elected by the Synod of the diocese. By this body the whole of the man bers of the diocese would be fairly represented. The Rev. Dr. Tucker proposed as an amendment Unit The winds "not less than," after (his winds " consist of, be added in the first line. He concurred with much that had been said by the Chancellor, as he knew of a case in which a bishop had been shut out of his own pulpit. He proposed the amendment because he thought it possible that the diocese might be divided into inch dioceses, and the time might come when it would be advisable to increase the number of members of the Chapter. This would also leave it open to merge at some future time the Standing Committee in the Chapter. Mr. Consett Stephen was not sure that he did not coincide with the amendment, but he did not coincide with the reasons given for passing it. He thought the number of persons chosen commonage the Cathedral was too large We were at present a small community, and it was our duty not only to provide for the exigencies of the nineteenth century, but for the future. He thought a committee of seven would be ample the Bishop, Dean, two canons appointed by the Synod, and three lay canons, also appointed by the Synod. Mr. R. Jones considered that the amendment would create some difficulty unless the mover intended to make further alterations in the clause. He thought Dr. Tueko'r would do well to let the clause pass as it was, and leave the Synod to provide for any future exigency that might arise He believed that the Cathedral might be efficiently managed by a Chapter of seven, but he thought that the larger number of offices would manage it better. There were many reasons why the larger number should be chosen. The body would be a healthier body would possess more ability and would be less liable to subject itself to the domination of the Bishop. The Rev. Hulton S. King said that, it onerous duties were thrown upon a very few persons, whose duties would probably be ill performed and as the canon would not be largely remunerated, they ought not to be too heavily burdened. * ThoRov.AV. Stack thought the number of members of the a water should not be less than fifteen. The Bishop, Dean, and Chancellor, should be members, and there could nqtbo less than six clerical Canons who, as he believed, would receive no remuneration at all. Less than six could not efficiently perform the services and of course, there must be six lay canons to enhance them. The amendment was negatived, and the clause was agreed to without alteration. Clause 8 " The Bishop shall be president of the Chapter and the Dean shall act as president in tho absence of the Bishop " Clniife 0 "Ei cry member of the Chapter shall on the first occasion of his being present at a meeting of the Chapter and before, taking part in the business of the meeting sign the lot ewing declaration I A. B. , do hereby solemnly jiimisethnt I will dulyobsTvo and keep the rules and regulations of this Church so far as they affect me as a member of the Chapter and in wife Ihcr par lculars Clause 10 " Four members of the Chanter two clerical and two lay shall form a quorum and at 111 meetings of the Chapter the Rector Canon present shall rather absence of the Bishop and Dean act as president the president shall have a vote as a member of the Cb voter but shall not have on a second or casting vote " these clauses were all agreed to without discussion Clause 11 'The Chapter shall have power to make rules and regulations upon and in respect of all matters and things concerning the order and good government of the ( the drill and the management and disposal of all Cathedral properly moneys and revenues subject however to any of celtic trust by which the same may be affected and shall also from time to time as occasion may require make Hiles indentations for the performance conduct and in arrangement of the services in the Cathedral Mr Consett Stephen moved that the clause be amended by the insertion, after the word " Chapter,' of the following words, "subject to the general power of the The On an end to (Mr Alexander Gordon and Mr RichARD Jones opposed the amendment, which, after some short discussion, was, by leave, withdrawn Mr Wilkinson drew attention to the fact that two species of powers were proposed to be conferred upon the Chapter-first, powers to make rules for order and good government, and secondly, powers, from time to time, as occasion might require to make rules and regulations for the performance conduct, and as ranges one of the services of the Cathedral He thought that the wording of the clause would-be likely to be attended with inconvenience He proposed- (1), that in the first line of the clause, after the word " power,' the following words be inserted - ' from time to time as occasion may require,' (2), that in the same line, after the word "makes,' the following words be inserted ' alla and annul and that (3), in the 5th line of the clause, the words ' alter and annul be inserted after the word make' He moved the first of these amendments accordingly The amendment was put and carried Mr AViljuní>o\ then moved the second of these amendments he had suggested to the Synod but on its being put tolhoSxnod, the amendment- substantially the same as the third was negatived The clause was then put as amended, and agreed to Clause 12 Conduct of Business -'The Chapter may make rules for the conduct of all business coming before it and forcing the validity of the election of any canon and for securing the filling up of any vacancy which may occu- in the Chapter Mr Consett Stephen moved that the clause be amended by the insertion after the word " Chapter in the first line of the words " from time to time as occasion may require The CiiA-scrLion acceded to the amendment, which was put and agreed to TI o clause was further amended by the inset tion of the words "in manner hereinafter provided, after the words ' fill ng up in the of cci and line The cause so amended, was put and carried because 13 " the Chapter shall ft in time to time so guinea be an event of the salaries of all officers of the Cathedral here suffer specified and shall have power to suspend or dismiss any officer of the Cathedral for any cause which the opinion of the Chapter shall warrant si ch turn sion or dismissal ' M GoîisLTT ¡yrriHEN obj cted to the numbering of this Act with the names of the officers of the Cathedrals It was not necessary to do so He begged to move that all thoughts after the word shall (in the first line), he omitted with thence to the insertion of a clause giving power to the Chair ter to appoint such officers as they might think fit The CHANCELLOR objected to the amendment The proposed i Iteration would tend to deprive the constitution of the couch of the cathedral character with which it xi as the great desire of the Churchmen of this colony to see it invested the an amendment was put, and negatived The Rev H A P vixifu moved that the words "other than clerical be inserted after the word 'officer" The Chancellor ojpo ed the amendment moved by the Rev. H A Pulu ei All the offences that the chapter could deal with were not offences against ecclesiastical law, but offences against the rules and regulations of the Chapter The Bishop said that such a rule as that proposed was in accordance with the course usually followed in the n ming! ment of C thcdrals at home The offences proposed here to be dealt with, would be mere breaches of Cathedral regulations-not offences against the ecclesiastical law is or doctrine of the Church the Rev Thomas SxiiTii and Mr Rich hid J \es supported the clause as it stood The Rev H A Palxilii could not but think that the wording of the clause had a very wide significance-one far too wide Suppose it concerned the case of the pre census It might be quite possible that the Chapter, by dismissing such an officer, would be inflicting quite as a cat a j outshining on the part j so dismissed us could be inflicted by any tribunal After some further discussion, The amendment moved by the Rev. H. A. Palmer was put and negatived, and the clause agreed to without amendment Clause 14 The Chapter shall annually lay before the SE end of the Diocese an account of receipts and expenditure ' i Ins clause was put and agreed to Clause 15 Canons "there shall be six Canons three of whom shall be appointed by the Bishop and three elected by the clergy of the diocese in manner hereinafter provided The two now existing Canons shall be considered as having been already appointed and elected by the Bishop and clergy respectively And the first vacancy which shall occur in the Chapter in connection with either of the two now existing canons shall be considered as occurring in connection with a canon appointed by the Bishop The canons shall take rank as among themselves according to the date of their appointment or election and when two or more canons shall be appointed or elected at the same time the canons so appointed or elected shall take rank according to their seniority as clergymen of the diocese and every canon shall unless becoming disqualified as herein after provided hold his office for life " 1 his clause was put and agreed to The following clause was also agreed to - Clause 16 " A Canon shall become disqualified by being absent from the diocese for three months in succession without the permission of the Bishop of by ceasing to hold a license as a clergyman of the diocese or by such a violation of the rules and regulations of the Cathedral as shall in the opinion of two- thirds of the Chapter render him unfit to continue to act as a member of the Chapter " CliniEo 17 " For electing canons the Dean shall by the doctrines the Bishop and in such manner and for such place and time (being not less than fifteen days from the date of the summons as to the Bishop shall seem convenient summon a meeting of the licensed clergy of the diocese been, in the holy order of priesthood and having cure of s us within the diocese And the Dean or in his absence some clergymen in priest's orders appointed by him in wn ing shall preside as chairman at all meetings or ad joined meetings for the election of canons but the chairman shall not have any vote except in the case hereinafter specially presided The Cuan on Lion briefly explained to the Synod the proposed mode of proceeding, under this clause Naroghid in the election of canons The cause was the first of a sir Or which might very s aptly be adopted He Rev WilLiAM Stack desired to move an amend it cut, the effect if which would be to cause the omission of nllthcdnuBis from the 17th to the 28th inclusive He is ox ed that all the xi olds after the word for, in the first line, be omitted, with the view to The inset son of a clause, the effect of which would be to secure the fact that the election of the canons should be carried on when the Synod was sitting He was induced to idle this course because he had been very forcibly in pie seek with the force of some remarks made by the Hon Joseph Doe] er yesterday If the quorum required by ILc clause did not happen to assemble, in action could the place. He objected to the course of proceeding proposed to be adopted as regards the election of those can enactment, as that election would be, over a space of not less than six weeks because he thought it might possibly lead to a fostering of party spirit. He considered it would be far better to have the matter settled when the clergy and the representatives of thirty were together, and when each of such elections might be fairly talked over The Rev Mr Mayne seconded the amendment The Rev. Mr Mom to\ wished to ask a question Was the team " having a cure of souls to be taken as meaning having a spar ate cure of souls? The Chairman of Committees had no doubt whatever that what was meant was clergymen who had " separate tins of souls (he incumbents the Rev G H Mor ton trusted that the clause would be so amended that all clergymen who were licensed by the Bishop to a cure of souls might be permitted to give their vote in the election of these canons He much regretted that clergymen not having a separators of south' - but who were actually called "curates should but of been excluded for dm that Sv and It was a great defect in their constitution that such should be the case ThoCiiAlitMAN Of' Committees explained to the rev gentleman that he could not then bring forward any motion until such time as the amendment before the committee (moved by Mr Stack) had been disposed of The Rev T C Ewing and the Rev. H. S. King opposed the amendment proposed by the Rev. William Stack Mr Rich Arm Jones pointed out that there was nothing in the clause, as it stood, to prevent the Bishop from causing the action to take place during the sitting of the Synod Mr AV FOSTER also spoke in opposition to the amendment moved by the Rev. W Stack The Rev AV Stack addressed the Synod at some considerable length in opposition to the principle adopted in tbfclauso The Chancellor, replied to the arguments brought forward by the Rev. W. Stack The amendment was put and negatived The Rev G H Moreton moved that the chairman do leave the chair, report progress, and ask leave to sit again morrow The motion was negatived The Rev, G-, H, MobetoIv moved that the clause be amended by striking out the words "and having cure of souls thin the diocese" He moved this amendment in justice to a large and valuable body of clergymen who were licensed by the Bishop, but who wore (as he thought) unjustly now excluded from the Synod He had himself keenly felt that exclusion from the Synod in his clerical capacity when he had had a cure of bouR, but not a separate cure of souls The CHANCELLOR opposed the amendment It was the clergyman who had sole charge of parishes who alone could lightly box of a voice in the regulation of the principal church of flexible diocese The Rev Dr Tucker understood that there was nothing in the ordinance to prevent clergymen not incumbents firm being elected canons (Hear, hear ). The Rev H S King opposed the amendment moved by the Rev Mr Moreton After some further conversation, the amendment was put and negatived The Rev. G H Moulton then moved that after the word diocese of the words " either as incumbent or curate' To inserted Mr RichARD Johnson seconded the amendment. The amendment was put and negatived The clause be amended was put and carried On the motion of the Chancellor, the Chairman left the chair, reported progress, and obtained leave to sit again to-morrow Cathedral Ordinance to take precedence The Synod adjourned at 11 o'clock until to-morrow, Friday, at 3 30 pm 