THE LAUGHING- JACKASS. (After Edgar Ray Poe.) By M — cph — r — s— n. Once upon a wet March morning, hours and hours before the dawning, As I lay awake and conning hot and rampant speeches o'er ; While all sorts of mischief hatching, all my other deeds outmatching, Suddenly there came a scratching, scratching at my chamber door ; " 'Tis those wretched rats," I muttered, "gnawing 'neath my chamber floor — a Only this, and nothing more. " But the scratching, never ceasing, waxing louder, kept increasing, And it riled me, as I've oftimes in the House been riled before ; And while on fierce speeches pondering, sent my broken thoughts a-wandering ; And I muttered, "what a nuisance — what a wretched, pesky bore ! Surely rats are not so loud-mouthed ; surely that is something more. I'll this mystery explore." Then aside the blankets flinging, and from out the bed-clothes springing, Cautiously I lit a candle, and I groped across the floor To the door, and turned the handle, and, with high uplifted candle, Stood and bellowed, "who's the rascal begging entrance at my door? Answer, be you fiend or angel ; " here wide ope I flung the door ; Darkness there and nothing more. Half in wonder, half in fearing, out into the darkness peering, While I shivered in my night gown, standing on the cold damp floor, Pondering what could be the matter, suddenly I heard a clatter- Heard a curious bird-like patter, as of feet or canine paw ; And I cast my eyes in wonder, to my feet, upon the floor. Heaven protect us, what a maw ! With a slow and solemn stalk, half a hop and half a walk, In there stepped a Laughing Jackass, with a huge and fearsome maw, And with dripping wings advancing, coolly round my chamber glancing, Looking like a fiendish imp, he perched above my chamber door — Coolly perched upon my portrait, just above my chamber door ; And my heart was chilled with awe. Then my courage growing bigger, curiously I scanned the figure, Grim and gaunt as though he'cl journeyed in the ark with patriarch Noah ; And I said, " Most reverend creature, weird and quaint in form and feature, What hath brought you in such weather, and at such unseemly hour, From your native forest valleys, thus to seek my chamber door ? Answer, ancient bird and hoar." Then the bird all fiercely glaring, and his eyes with anger flaring, Wildly, weirdly at me staring, opened wide his gaping maw ; And of speech he was not scanty, but words fell in frightful plenty, Not like Poe's witless raven, with his one word, "nevermore And his voice yras harsh and creaking, just like a rusty saw — Like a rusty, toothless saw. " Listen," said he, "senseless brawler, mad, contentious, windy bawler — Listen to my words and tremble to your poor heart's inmost core — You whose impious rashness such is, that with bold unseemly clutches, From my forest depths you snatched me — me a bird untouched before — From my forest sanctuary — me a bird uncaged before, Heeding neither right nor law. Though the puerile print hath perished, which so hopefully you cherished ; Thinking thus to urge and forward your vain projects, reckless man! Yet my vengeance will o'ertake you, never leave you nor forsake you, And I'll settle on your conscience like a fierce relentless ban ; O'erturning all your projects, thwarting every cunning plan — Every selfish cunning plan, Yes, I'll harass you, and force you, and embarass you, and cross you, And I'll haunt you in your dreaming, perching ghost-like on your floor ; And I'll ever be beside you, in the House unseen I'll ohide you, And I'll mock you and deride you, till you'll wish you were no more — Till you'll curse all Laughing Jackasses, and wish there were no more. Fare you well, but au revoir." One fierce glance behind him casting, all my soul within me blasting, Swift the fiendish Laughing Jackass vanished through the open door ; And I saw a sudden gleaming, and the yellow sun came streaming Through the room, and from my dreaming I awoke with thundering snore- Woke from out my horrid dreaming with a sudden dreadful snore. 'Twas a dream and nothing more. 