THE SKETCHER. A DAY WITH SOME PRUSSIAN GYMNASTS. One summer, not so many years ago, I took a six weeks' trip into Prussia, by way o London and Hamburg. After seeing Berlin and its new and glorious statue of Frederick the Great (something like a monument that!) I found myself at anchor, so to speak, in the small town of Newstadt for three whole weeks. Our party was a small one, consisting of a Prussian gentleman (recently become a natural- ised Englishman), three young lads, and myself. We will call my Prussian friend Bädeker, and introduce him at the same time to my readers as a genial, kind, muscular fellow, whom everyone liked and nobody shunned. He was the life of any company he found himself in, ever making "fun," with an inventive genius for amusement perfectly wonderful. Well-dressed, clean, pleasantly bejewelled, he had on the surface but one fault, and that I must pardon him for, since I learnt to imitate him that same summer—he was never without a pipe or cigar in his mouth. Did I go to wake him in the morning the weed was already lit. Did we go bathing, it was put down as the last garment was put off, to be resumed some time before the first vesture was put on. Breakfast interrupted him, and so did dinner, but at supper he can hardly be said to have allowed his cigar to go out. Well, he was and is a good fellow, and the "gorging fiend" tobacco does not lessen his good temper. We occupied rooms in the chief hotel, very comfortable and very moderate, for the land- lord was some sort of connexion of my friend. He was a most excellent host, and his wife and children were very, nice—far superior, I am sorry to say, to anything in the same rank of life in England. His son was a lad of fourteen, well educated, and of good manners. His little girl, seven years old, was simply charming. She was at home for a fort- night's holiday while we were there, and several times I had the pleasure of a German lesson, in pronunciation from her lips, which was somehow conducted in this way: She would kneel on the sofa near me, and call on me to say some simple word after her. If my clumsy tongue failed to do it justice, a tender little box, on the ear, with a look of indignation from her pretty eyes, was my punishment; but if I was successful and satisfied her, my abundant reward was a gentle kiss from rosy lips. I need not say that I progressed rapidly in that fortnight in the proper use of my gutturals, so that I think I could satisfy even a Scotchman in pronouncing his beloved "loch." Our daily life was passed very much in this way. At seven we awoke and lit a cigar; in about half an hour we rose, and decently robing, hurried down to a large mill pool, about five minutes' walk from the hotel, where a capital swim was to be obtained. Afterwards, a light breakfast of eggs and coffee, followed by a short walk or a long read. Dinner at one, for the Germans dine early, supper being a very important institution. About five o'clock we always sallied forth for a walk in the delicious woods that lay close by. These woods are full of game. They extend for miles, and the game is preserved by a body of foresters in the pay of the King. These are real foresters, dressed in green, with regular discipline, looking more like riflemen than gamekeepers, generally having a short sword or a long knife at their sides. Wild boars are still to be found in these woods, and one day I had the pleasure of dining off a stake cut from one of these animals. It tasted a great deal more like hare than pork. About two miles from our town there was a caravansary. I use this term, as there is nothing in our country that in the least describes it. It is not a public-house or tavern, not a tea gar- dens, not a mere inn or hotel, but it combines something of all these characteristics. There are lodgings to be had, there are liquors to be drunk, there are tables and arbours under the trees. There is even tea to be had, as we saw one day when the school children had their jête day. All the little town turned out to see this festival, and finished up the day by having their tea in the gardens of this same building. Usually when we arrived at this place we found a number of schoolmasters passing their evening here in company with many of the principal tradesmen of the town. They very kindly invited us to join their society while we stayed in the neighbourhood. There is no broad and fast line in Prussia between the professional and trading class, but education has raised this latter one to almost an equal level with the former. I was very much struck with this fact, nor could I see any reason for objecting to an inspector of schools hobnobbing over beer with the watchmaker of the town. They seemed all to be on most friendly and intimate terms. Our evenings were thus passed with these gentlemen, for so they all were. Large mugs of beer called seidels were emptied and replenished rather rapidly, I thought, but then beer drinking abroad, though very extensive, is sober and respectable. Every single man had a song- book, and apparently every single man had a voice. Chorus after chorus, song after song, followed in quick succession. They never seemed to tire of this amusement. We have not the least approach to such a custom in our land. I think we should be happier if we had. If we do happen to meet socially, perhaps one or two of the party can sing a decent song decently, but here the whole company joined in, evidently familiar with the music of every chorus in the book. It was at one of these meetings that the senior master proposed to my friend Bädeker and myself to join a party going over to a gymnastic fête at a little vil- lage about nine miles from our town. This is another characteristic of German life, which I rejoice to see is being grafted on to our English customs. Every town, village, or school has its gymnasium. Here at Nestaudt, the gymnasium was in the open air, in a cleared space in the woods about half a mile from the town. We gladly accepted the offer of our friends, but pleaded that we had no proper costume. This difficulty was soon arranged, however, for we found that a pair of Holland trousers was all that was required to make us gymnasts in appearance. These were lent us, and I think my friend and I rather took the shine out of the others by the rest of our get-up. For we had brought some very neat light coats, narrow blue ties, and white wide-a-wakes, with a broad band of light blue round them, the same shade as our ties. As we did not intend to exert ourselves we wore white linen shirts, which bore also a favourable contrast to the flannel shirts about us. The village to which we were to go was on the Oder. The day of the fête was Sunday, for in Protestant Prussia the Sunday is quite as much of a holiday as in any Roman Catholic country; the differ- ence between them being that the Catholics go to mass, and the Protestants go nowhere. As we had nine miles to drive, we, of course, were to start early, so at seven we two were bathing as usual, and at eight we found ourselves at a trysting place on the high road. For a few minutes we were alone, and nothing in sight, so we lay down at the roadside on a plaid we had brought with us to sit upon. By and bye we were joined by one or two, and soon the rest of the party came in sight in the convey- ance. This was a cart with deal boards from one end to the other as seats. We had two horses, very heavy and very slow, but the chief drawback to the whole arrangement was the want of springs, so that the ride itself was a gymnastic exercise of no small importance. In we all scrambled, and found we were about a dozen in number. We two were congratulated on our personal get up, and then the ever- lasting song-book was produced, which never was put away until we reached Oderburg. Nothing particular occurred upon the road, except about half way some of our party got out and pulled branch after branch from the young trees of the wood through which the road led. With these they decorated the cart and sheltered us somewhat from the sun, which was now burning, for the day was beau- tiful, without a cloud in the sky. On our arrival the mayor, a man of about thirty-five, met us at the entrance of the village. After welcoming us, he requested us to descend from the cart, and march on foot into the town. With him at our head, three abreast, we walked singing a lively gymnastic march to the centre of the village, where we broke up into little sets until two o'clock. It was now nigh twelve, and the first master carried off my friend and myself to dine at the house of the chief butcher of the village, a worthy man who had married his cousin. She welcomed the strangers very heartily and bustled about dinner. Her son, a young lad of fourteen, played the piano very well, whilst we were waiting. In the middle of our dinner, which the wife served to us, and during which, as is the German custom, she waited on us, sitting down to take her portion when all the rest were helped, the mayor came in to welcome the two strangers from England. After chatting agreeably for a quarter of an hour, he left us to see that every one was getting dinner, somewhere or other. This was no light task, for more than 200 gymnasts were collected on this occasion from surrounding villages. After dinner we smoked our pipes, Butcher, jun., discoursing sweet sounds for us once more. He was a thorough gentlemanly lad, and spoke very fair English, so as to make himself quite understood. At two o'clock we were summoned by a trumpet, and turned out to join the rest of our friends. On the market-place, all the gymnasts, ourselves included, fell into procession quickly, without fuss, and with a band playing in front, and the gymnastic flag of the district flying in the midst, away we marched, still singing. The town was very gaily decked with flags, and all the population, rich and poor, young and old, marched up with us to the regular ground, about a mile from the market-place. What the parsons did for congregations that day, I can't imagine; probably they, too, came up to see the show. Now, so far I had supported my character very well, as the only difficulty was to wear my trousers properly, keep step regularly, and join in the choruses loudly. But as we neared the scene of action, I began to feel nervous lest I should be discovered as an impostor, for though my friend was an athlete, I was in no sense one, for I never made myself a crank on a horizontal bar, never risked my precious neck by hanging with my toes from a beam. I much prefer a live horse to a hard wooden dead one. I feel slight sea-sickness on a swing, and have always had a wholesome dread of a trapeze. I have no vaulting ambition, and prefer the parallel lines of Euclid to the parallel bars of a gymnasium. At last we arrived at the ground, which was skirted by a few light trees, at the corner of which was a considerable inn of the same character as the one I have described. Into the ground we all marched, but the first master, Bädaker and myself fell out to the shades of the trees, on the plea that the sun was too hot. The preliminary exercise then took place, all the men first removing their hats. One man led them, and they went through a variety of extensive mo- tions which would have of themselves de- stroyed me under that sun. After twenty minutes of this sort of thing they then divided into several parties, one for the trapeze, a second for the horizontal bar, a third for the parallels, a fourth for the horse, and so on. I soon found that there was sufficient at each position to make my appearance there of no sort of interest to anybody, and so, much com- forted, I again began to enjoy myself. I did, however, at the solicitation of the mayor, who took me under his special observation that day, attempt one little feat of jumping. Two regular poles were set up, and a small company of men began the process of jumping at a very low and safe height. Here I thought I should be safer than anywhere else, as it was impos- sible to trip, and I could easily leave off before disgracing myself. So I took my turn and went over the string about six times, but I found that I was an object of more admiration than I quite wanted, for I was greeted at each suc- cessful jump with a chorus from the lookers on of "Der Englander, der Englander," The English- man, the Englishman." So I quietly retired, evidently overcome by the heat, but otherwise ap- parently capable of jumping my own height at the very least. By degrees the feebler gym- nasts fell away to pipes and beer, but I stayed to watch the more skilful of each village per- form cleverly on the various instruments of torture. At about a quarter to five, the labour was all over, and we were summoned to supper, which was laid out on two long tables in the open air in the gardens of the inn. A huge barrel of beer stood on trestles between the two tables, and was replenished more than once. Everyone ordered what he pleased for his supper, the usual dish being "cotelette mit "kartoffel'n," which may be interpreted "chop and potatoes." This was washed down with "seidels" of beer. When hunger was appeased, and the seidels filled, the mayor rose to propose the health of the gymnasts who had honoured Oderburg with their presence that day. He spoke words of warm welcome to them, congratulated them on their performances, said a few words about the advantages of gymnastic exercises, alluded delicately to the strangers from England who had also joined them in their fête. The speech was short, straightforward, very much to the point, and received with many gutteral exclamations of approval. The Oderburgians at its close clinked glasses with their neigh- bours, and drank their very good healths. Then, one after the other, the spokesmen of each association rose and returned thanks, each village being especially honoured at the end of its champion's speech by more hurrahs, more beer, and more clinking of glasses. Finally, my friend Bädeker stood upon his feet, and, in an impassioned speech, declared that, though forced by his position to live in a foreign land, yet that his Fatherland was as precious as ever to his heart, nor for a day ever left his memory. He expressed his grati- tude, and that of his friends from England, for the exceedingly kind and hospitable man- ner in which they had been received. The moment he sat down again nearly the whole body of gymnasts came out of their seats, determined not to let pass the chance of tes- tifying their friendship for Englishmen, and I found myself and my beer surrounded by a perfect crowd of glasses, which threatened by their friendly clinkings to break the beaker in my hand. I can hardly understand the cause of this enthusiasm, for a very short time before the sight of an Englishman was obnoxious to a Prussian, owing to some row at the Bonn rail way station. I had only had a fort- night's acquaintance with a few of these gen- tlemen, yet have remembered them ever since as friends; but then I make a point of imme- diately dropping my insular prejudices when I leave the deck of the Channel steamer. In England I may believe an Englishman to be the greatest of earthly beings, but on the Con- inent I don't find that he is very superior to other people. Be the cause what it may, the entente cordia's was very strongly developed on this occasion. This was the conclusion of the supper, but not of the festivities. A couple of hours passed by, during which we re- turned to the village to send our young friends home with the landlord's son, and then we induced the butcher's wife and daughter to go to a ball at the inn on the ground. In this gymnastic exercise the ladies could join. I was curious, too, to see a little female society of the same status as the gentlemen I had learnt to know. But for various reasons I could not use my oppor- tunities very well. In the first place, I was ignorant of the language, with the exception of a few commonplace phrases. Secondly, the room was fearfully warm and close, as all the windows were shut. A German always seems to me to have a most unwholesome fear of draughts, and certainly, on this occasion, not a ghost of one even could sneak up the stairs. Thirdly, the room was well filled, and, conse- quently, the dancing-place more than crowded. It therefore seemed a pity to interfere with the enjoyment of others, even by so small a bulk as my own carcase. I had no fear about not being able to dance, as there seemed to be no- thing on the programme more intricate than polkas and waltzes; so I only took a few turns in a waltz with the daughter of my host for the day, and then gladly retired to the cool shade of an arbour for coffee and tobacco. There was, however, one name on the pro- gramme that puzzled me, and I determined to see what it meant, if I could hit off the right time. This dance was called the Rheinlander. When I once more entered the ballroom dancing was suspended for a few minutes, and I therefore walked across the room to look at the list, and fortunately found that I was right, and that the next dance was the un- known. But now the first sorrow of the day overtook me. My friend the mayor, seeing me solitary and gazing at the programme, with eager kindness rushed forward, and insisted on introducing me to a fair but dignified creature in green muslin. It was no use my attempting to decline, because my German tongue was too faltering and lame, so I submitted to misfor- tune, and was trotted out to dance an unknown step. But this was not all, nor the worst. When there is a small space for dancing, ac- cording to German custom, the company, as fast as they find partners, stand up in a kind of close procession. The master of the ceremonies, on this occasion the mayor, counts off a dozen couples, who are soon started by the first note of the band, and whirl about the room till it is thought time for them to pause, which is an- nounced by the clapping of the master's hands. The next dozen then follow in order, and thus confusion is avoided, clothes are not destroyed, the short-winded are preserved, inveterate dan- cers are curbed, and all have a fair chance. It will be at once seen that the nearer to the front, the speedier is the chance of dancing, and con- sequently there is a rush for the foremost place. Now, no sooner had I found a partner, than the mayor, determined not to do things by halves, led me forward to the post of honour, though at least twenty couples were already there. Here was a predicament. I was expected to lead off in a dance I had never learnt, had never seen, had never heard of. The eyes of the present world were upon me. I could hope, if I attempted the feat out of sheer desperation, to do nothing less than throw the whole column into confusion. Vainly did I protest in choking gutterals my ignorance of the dance. Not a word I said was understood. When at last a little light dawned upon my friend of my meaning, he put my hesitation down to modesty, not to fear. I looked round for help, and saw Bädeker, but when I beckoned to him to come he merely laughed, and sat cruelly en- joying the joke, which he had seen from the first. Almost entreating, I was at length put into the column somewhere, having kept these anxious but patient pleasure-seekers waiting for me at least five minutes. And then began the music, and all grief and sorrow fell from me, for I recognised the well-known notes of an old Schottishe. In another moment I was moving round the room with my attendant cloud of green gauze, chastened somewhat in my energy to distinguish myself by tbe solemn pauses of this inelegant dance, which is only one degree less stupid than the famous toe-and- heel polka. Once more I escaped at the close of my performance, heated yet happy, solitary yet safe, to the fresh air, determined on no account to risk another ad- venture in that crowded room. It was one o'clock, however, before my friends were ready to leave, and exhausted by tbe gymnastic exercises of the last ten hours, few of them re- mained awake, as I did, on the way home. The day had fully broken when we drove lazily into Neustadt, dropped one by one from the springless cart, bid one another a warm but sleepy farewell, and sought each his bed for the next few hours. Thus ended one of the pleasantest and most amusing days I ever spent in my German life, but which filled me with regret that we in England had so little amusement that could be called as rational or general as these pleasant country village fêtes. 