TEE NEWS OF THE DAY. ? » The marriage of Miss Manners Sntton, tho eldest daughter of his Excellency the Gover nor, with Mr C. E. Bright, of the firm of Bright Brothers and Co., will be celebrated at St. John's Church, Toorak, this dsy, at half past eleven o'clock. Considerable prepara *:....„ i,Ava li£An - tt-m3a for tho event, but it has been found necessary to confine the issue of invitations to the more intimate friends of the family. Over one hundred carts tare been issued. There will be ten tridesmaids, namely, ^Mks Mabel -Manners Sutton,' Misses Michie, Davis, Fellows (2), Manifold, Chapman, Francis, Cole and, Bu chanan. The '?eremony will bo performed by tho Lord Bishop of Melbourne, assisted by tko Eev. Mr Sandys. After the breakfast the happy pair will leave town for Qaeenscliff, where it is their intention to. spend the honeymoon. The wedding feast, with the exception of the cake and bon-bon prepared by Mr Miller, will be provided under tho superintendence-of Mra Horsey aud Mr Bar.tlett, the housekeeper and butler at Toorak, The establishment of Messrs Bright Brothers and Co. will be closeoTto-day. The -whole of the employes will partake ef an entertainment provided;for them by Mr C. E. Bright, at Scott's Hotel, this evening. The debate on Mr M'Cnlloch's proposed ad dress to his Excellency reqnesting him to send down the Darling grant to be dealt with by the Assemblv, terminated at half-past ten hist night. without a division. The amendment of Mr Fellows, that it should be a recommendation that the grant should be dealt with in a sepa rate bill, was first negatived. The motion of Mr M'Culloch was then put, and a division called for by Mr Duffy ; but the Government declined to undergo this ordeal, notwithstand ing the desire of the majority that the purpose of tho Hoaso should bo unequivocally exhibitol in round numbers. Indeed, Mr Eerferd seemed quite alarmed at the prospect o' a division ; and he therefore hurriedly moved the ad journment of the House; but there bein; other business on the notice paper, he withdrew his motion. The House was then in no mood to praceed further with business, however, and on the motion of Mr M'Culloch, it adjourned until next day at the usual hour. There was a very full House, and the division, if taken, would have given a larger majerily in favor of the grant than any previously recerded. Mr M'Culloch called attention last night to tho proclamation in the Government Gazette, issued yesterday, altering the boundaries of tho Baninyong Shire and Bungaree Road Dis trict, nod asked whether it was the intention of the Government to comply with the resolu tion nflho Hsase adonted on Thnradav. which was to the effect that the proposed al-' teralion of the boundaries of the said shire and road board district should not be curried into effect. ' In the absence of the Minister of Justice, Mr Lington desired that notice of the question should bo given for next day, which was done. The motion -of Mr G. P. Smith, that it be an instruction to the Attorney- General to defend all actions against the Crown, was submitted to the Assembly last night, and was partly dis enssed when the debate was postponed until the next day, in order that the House might deal with the more pressing mstion of Mr M'Cullech. The effect of Mr Smith's motion, if carried, will be to stop all supplies of what soever character ; and, as more than one hon. member declared, unless special exemption was made, would open the penal establishments, disband the police, shut up the railways and Post Office, and pat a stop to all telegraphic communication. Captain MacMahon has given in his adhesion to the motion, notwith standing the fearful consequences depicted by Mr Macgregor and Mr Kerferd as likely to follow its adoption. A communication from Major Pasley, the colonial agent in England, addressed to tha late Treasurer, was laid before Parliament last night, iDtimating that the Royal Society had desired him to convey to the Government of Victoria the streng sense entertained of the admirable character of the great equatorial telescope constructed in England for use in this colony, and of the very valuable and im portant contributions to astronomical science which might be expected from the employment of suob a valuable instrument. From a return laid on the table of Parlia ment last night, it appears that the sum of £5000 paid to the Government by the Mel bourne and Hobson's Bay Railway Company in accordance with tho terms of their act, for ob jects connected with the giving access across their.line to the Emerald-hill Borough Council, has not been invested. The money was paid in 1865 and placed to the credit of the pnblio account. The Minister of Justice, Mr Fellows, was asked if the sum should be invested, and gava an opinion in the affirmative, but he sug gested that the Treasurer should consult his colleagues, as there might be a question as to the custody of the debentures. Tho following notices ef motion were given iri the Assembly last night : — Mr T. Cope to move that a return be laid on the table of lands selected under the Amending Land, Act of 1865 between the months of Jnne, 1865, and June, 1866 ; as far as such returns have been obtained, showing what land has been improved and what laud remains unimproved, and whether the selectors are residing on or off the land. Mr Longmore to move fer all papers, -fcc, connected with certain charges of absence from doty made against Martin FiU gerald while in charge of the Telegraph Office, Northcote, and the report of the board of inquiry. At the meeting of the Rojal Society, to be held this evening, the Rev. Dr. Bleasdale will contribute a further iastalment of his report on the various precions stenes of the colony, a subject the society has always taken up. .Mr EUery will describe a new form of clock re cently supplied to the General Post Office, and which will be found interesting to those versed in horology, and will also read some 'specula- tions ' by an old and esteemed member of the society on the zodiacal light. It will be thus seen that the practice of having two ordinary meetings per month is working well for the interests of the society, so far at least as the production of papers to be read. A new part of the Transactions is now in the press, and is to be issued early next month, embracing the papers to be read this evening. Mrs Moaalla M'Cnlloch, one of the passen gers by the ship Explorer, from Liverpool to Melhnnrne. died dnrin? the vovae'e. from natn ral causes. Mr Justice Molesworth yesterday gave his decision in the cose of the Band of Hope Mining Company (appellants) v. Doyle and others (respondents). His Honor's judgment was in favor of the respondents, declaring that they were entitled to a warden's order, giving them possession of a claim of the appellants' as forfeited. His Honor also gave judgment in Clerk v. Cawley, deciding for the plaintiff, and declaring him entitled to the specific per formance of a contract, entered into by the defendant, to purchase a Band of Hope share from him. The same points were indirectly involved in this case as in the Band of Hope Company v. Doyle. ? A deputation, consisting of Mr Fitzgerald, M.L.A., and Mr Thomas, M.L.A., together with several gentlemen, members of the Ssvan-bill District Road Board, had an inter view with the Chief Secretary yesterday, to protest against the removal of the post office from Kering. Mr Sladen undertook to make I inquiry before giving an answer. | It is officially notified in another column ! thst a commission will sit at the Crown Lands ! Office, Melbonme, on Tuesday, 30th inst., to 1 consider applications received np to the 23rd j Jane, through Mr Edward Bags, authorised surveyor fer licenses to occupy sites under the -12nd section of the LandAct, in the neighbor hood of Maryaville, Greensborough, Heales ville, and Lilydale. Those who receive in struction to that effect will be required to sup- | port their applications, either personallv or by j representation ; and persons desirous of op- ! posing any application will also have to be in attendance. We have Sydney files to the 20th and Bris bane to the loth, but they contain little that had cot been already telegraphed. At the Ballarat General Sessions yesterday, James Adolphus Worth pleaded not guilty to embezzling the sum of £5, the moneys of liis late employers, Messrs M'Dowall and Gray. The jury, after being locked up some time, re turned a verdict of gui'ty. We kive Adelaide files to Thursday, the IS'Js of Jn&e;, on which date the Advertiser thus re ports the death of Mr Dahlke: — ' ilr D*hlke was found dead in his bed at the Globe Inn on Wednesday morning. It appears that the de ceasea re urea 10 teafc ui uyparKui.iy ^wu j health and spirits on the preceding evening, j but as he did not rise at his usual hour, Mr Hen- ; aing, who knew that he had a good deal of j business to transact that day, as he intended to 1 leave for Melbourne by the sUcrszr Penola, sent 1 the barman np ta wake him, when he was found j to ba dead. The coroner and the police 'were at once communicated with, and, at the request ? of the former, Dr. Spacer made a pott mortem j examination of the bo3y, and reported as fol- 1 Iojvs ; ? '.Dahlke died from effusion of fluid j into the pericardium, the result of pericarditis complicated with fatty degeneration of the heart.' Upon the receipt of this the coroner considered it 'unnecessary to hold an inquest. We' understand that Mr Dahlke was bom of German parents in London, and was educated in Germany. He was only thirty^ seven years of age, and leaves a widow and one child, now residing at Croydon, nedaj London. He has had considerable experience in filtration, and invented a filter for purifying impure water, which has obtained considerable fame in England. We are sure that all who were brought into contact with him in this colony will deeply regret his premature death. He might be mistaken in attempting to con vert sea water into fresh, but no one wbo knew him believed that he was a char latan. In fact, he - confessed that he had attempted too much in Adelaide, and that ha ought to havo confined his invention to what it was originally intended for — the purilisation of well water such as is found on so many stations in the bush. In the course of his experiments we saw a good deal of him, and, though we considered him to be led. nway by his sanguine temperament and enthusiasm, we never for one moment sus pected that ho was wilfully attempting to de ceive his patrons. His sudden death is a melancholy termination to his career in South Australia, which has culled forth a great deal of sympathy.' Captain Parchaa, of the Volunteer Light Horse, was sued in the County. Court yes terday, by a man named Lacey, fer a sum of £90, for damages sustained by the plaintiff on the day of the Prince's landing, through an act of negligence of tho defendant. The facts went to show that Captain Purchas and Inspector Lyttleton were riding in the pro cession side by side along tha Sandridge road. When near the railway crossing there was a rush of people, and in some way .the plaintiff got jammed between the two horses and the railway gate. Iu trying to extricate himself he got hold of Captain Purchas's horse by the head, and the animal became unruly. Defendant fearing Lacey would get hurt, tried to push him away with the flat of his sword. In the action, the plaintiff raised his head and struok itjigainst the edge of the sword. He receiveda scalp wound about three inches long, which bled profusely, but he was able to walk to the Hospital, where he attended several days for the necessary purposes of dressings, &c.; The judge gave a verdict for £12, and costs on the first scale, expressing a hope that there were some funds from which the amount could be taken, so as the defendant would not himself have to bear the expense. Mr Newton was for plaintiff, Mr Bindon for defendant. It has been pointed out to us that a complete edition of the Mining By-laws for the various districts throughout the colony would be a great desideratum to miners, the legal profes sion and the public.' The matter was men tioned a few days ago in court by the Chief Justice, who said the bench were often put to considerable trouble in searching files of the Government Gazette for these local by-lawa, upon which issues were constantly raised. We believe that a handy book of the by-lawB is published in nearly every district, and it ought to be worth some one's while to collect these books for publication in a single volume. There was a short examination in the Insol vent Court yesterday, of August W. Hoffman, who recently carried on business as a to bacconistin Russell-street. The tendency of his evidence went to show that he had given preference to a creditor, and made false state ments when he filed his schedule. The Tararua, which sails to-morrow, carries the Panama mail. As a local contemporary observes, the case of Mr Dickson, a storekeeper of Moonsmbel and President of the Shire Council of Avoca, should serva as a warning to those who, regardless of the public safety, keep a quantity of gun powder on their premises in excess of that allowed by the statute. A lengthened hearing at the Moonambel Police Court was terminated by the defendant admitting the fact of his re taining some kegs of blasting powder in his possession, and which had been left in his care on the stoppage of two mining companies. He had done so he said in ismorance of the law. The bench had no alternative bat to inflict the fall penalty, namely, of 5a for each pound seized, and which amounted to the large sum of £356 10s. The Government steamer Pharo3 returned to the Bay yesterday. It appears that the Sea Bird's mast had carried away, so a buoy was left over the vessel to indicate its position. The first quarterly meeting of Melbourne Unity of Saddlers, Harnessmakers, Bridle cutters and Collarmskers, was held in the Trades Hall on Monday night, Mr J. Hastings in the choir. The report, which was submitted and adopted, was highly favorable, stating that there were altogether sixty members; while the balance sheet stated that the cash in hand and assets, after paying all liabilities, amounted to £17 14s. This, considering the youth and unobtrusiTeness of the society, is very en couraging. From the manner in which the officers havo settled down to their work, it would seem that the project has every prospect of success. The Wahgunyah correspondent of the Ovens Advertiser describes the capture of an accom plished swindler, bnt omits the fellow's name : -—'A forger who has left his mark iu many places in Victoria and New Sonth Waief , re cently passed through this township, but, un fortunately for tbe ends of justice, by some neglect the police here received no intimation of his delinquencies until he was many miles beyond their reach. The New South Wales police, on receiving the required information, behaved with more than their usual energy. Sergeant Fullerton and constable Barry, of the Corowa police, started off, and never drew rein until they tracked the Ecoundrel into Wagga Wagga, where he was arrested. The criminal is one of no ordinary Etamp, for having com menced his career at Belfast, in Victoria, he actually passed leisurely through both colonies, passing Lis cheques and stealing horses with impunity daring a period of time which re flects anything but credit on the boasted acti vity of the Victorian police. This is another instance of how easily people can be imposed on by this system, paper money. Now that the New South Wales police have him, they ttill no doubt stick to him.' At the City Police Court yesterday, a man named Charles M'Pherson was fined 5s for being drunk. He had been found lying in the Elizabeth-street water channel in a state of insensibility, with all his clothes torn to pieces, and he had consequently to appear before the bench wrapped in a blanket. Amannmed Johnson, who was concerned in the savage attack on a jniner in Lonsdale-Etreet last Saturday, was committed for trial. The three companions of the prisoner were committed for trial last Monday. We have been favored with the following return, showing the number of letters, packets and newspapers received at, and despatched from, Victoria, per P. and O. Royal Mail steamships during the month of June, 1863 : — Received per Avoca, 23,403 letters, 1242 packets, 75,053 nearrpapers ; despatched per Geelong, 39,897 letters, 566 packets, 43,454 newspapers. Total, 68,360 letters, 1S08 packets, 118,507 newspapers. A shocking suicide was committed at Black wood on Thursday last. A miner named Tomkin, who had been doing remarkably well for some weeks past, indulged in a drinking bout, and whilst under the influence of de lirium trantns cat his throit nearly from ear to ear. Death resulted almost immadiately. The last dividend received by deceased amounted to £73 ; his share in the claim is estimated to ba worth £600. Ac-cording to an Ararat contemporary, ' Judging by the preparations which are beirs made in all directions for tbe boiling down of sheen after the next shearing, there is every prospect of the market price ef good though net prime qualities being less than it bus yet been. It is not at all improvable that an eat able qaalirv of sheep may be purchased at Is 6J to 2= p*'r head, wriile inferior qualities will be quite unmarketable.' Mr E. Wi'son, of Msy.ion, publishes in tho Ararat Advertiser a leiter from a friend at the Cacoona diggings, Queensland, the following passsge from which may be of interest to the mining community : — ' The last time I wrate yoa I was, to the best of my recollection, on the Waimea (New Zealand). Well, I did nothing there, and a3 Queensland was aS.|he go, I started and left Hokitika on the 4th -f March, bv the brigantine Mary, bound for N/w castle. I took passage from MaryborougbyMd from there it was sixty miles to the renowned Gympie Creek. I arrived at the creek too late t9 do anything but prospect ; indeed the only thing to be done in Queens land ifl to prospect ; there's more work ing there for bare tucker than in any country I have seen before. I left there with the intention, of... making tho Cape River rush, a distance from Gjropie Creek of 800 miles; bat when I had got about -400 joilea I halted at tais^address (Canoena, Port partis), where' bo iriany nnf ortnri»tes came ten 'yeSrj ago. fj&fj; money was 'shorthand'! took a *joV at » pnMUjig machine, and'-fiAre since got a share in a reel; should it turn out I shall be all right. I will,' however, soon know, as they have sent some stone from the prospecting ?claim to be crushed at Ridglards.abont'thirty miles from this. I shall not be long in this country unless I have luck. A geod many have fever and ague.' \- As considerable curiosity has arisen as to the distance tho. sound of the Dean Levatt Memorial Bell can 'oe heard on a calm day, at St. Augustine's, Yass, the Courier states that ' on Sunday last it was heard as far off as nine miles and a half, the sound as loud as that of a bullock bell.' Mary Ityan, a child eleven years old, was committed for trial at the Yass Petty Sessions last week, on [a charge of cattle stealing ! From the local journal it might be inferred that tbe child consented to suffer in order to shield her father, the real delinquent. Daring the hearing of the case Goodrope v. Long Tong, in the Warden's Court, Daylesford, the other day, a defect in tho by-laws was re vealed, which, as the Mercury observes, the Mining Board would.do well to remedy. So far back as February last, defendant took np a sluicing claim at Deep Creek, and went to the expenE3-cf gelting the ground surveyed, re gistered, &c.; As, however, there was no water in the creek, he could not work till rain fell, about a fortnight ago. Upon his then com mencing work, the complainant, Goodrope, stepped in and demanded possession of the claim, on the ground of a prior title in Decem ber, but since which time be had done nothing on the spot. On reference to by-law 16, the warden found that a sluicing claim is protected while the owner is waiting for water, and ac cordingly decided in Goodrope's favor, with costs.. Had the by-laws compelled him to put up s notice on tha ground that the claim was protected, defendant would have been saved considerable expe&KtCa;^ well as loss of time. The coroner's inquest on the body of Martin Rooney, at Bullock Creek, having resulted in a verdict of willul murder against John ttogan, that individual has of course been committed for trial. The evidence elicited on Monday corroborated what had previously been fur nished, but added no new fact of any import ance. A case in which the magistrates at the City Police Court heard evidence for the defence without going into the prosecution, occurred yesterday. John Cook was charged with perjury in having sworn in the County Court, last February, that he had paid a sum of £0 to a man named Bowman, while Bowman alleged that the money had nover been received. When the case was called on Mr Smyth applied for a remand to obtain the attendance of Bowman. Mr Moles worth opposed the application, and tendered a receipt signed by a partner of Bowman's, named Woods, for the money wbich it was to be contended for the prosecution had never been paid. Woods was put in the witness box aud swore that he had received the money, and the bench at once dismissed the case. A Ballarat correspondent furnishes the fol lowing account of an interesting foundation service : — ' The ceremony of laying the foun dation stone of a new Primitive Methodist church took place on Tuesday, at Sebastopol. At half-past four o'clock, the Rev. S. Brace well was introduced by Mr J. Yickers, who gave a short account of the rise and progress of the Primitive Methodist Church at Sebasto pol, and requested Mr Bracewell to lay the stone. The stone was then lowered to its place, and the mallet and plumb having been applied, the reverend mason declared the stone to be well and truly laid, in the name of tbe Father, Son and Holy Ghost. A large sum of money was placed on the stone by the specta tors. About 300 sat down to tea, after which a large public meeting was held in the Congre gational church, oddressed by the Rev. Messrs Wilson, Tranter, Davies, Hunt and Bracewell. Over £100 was obtained towards the building fund during the day. The site is a good ene, and freehold. The building will be 45 feet by 30 inside, and will cost £800. In the case of James Taylor, charged with administering deletsrions drugs to his children, and remanded to the next Ballarat Circuit Conrt, the Courier regrets to hear tkat ' un less some additional evidence is forthcoming the authorities will be disinclined to proceed ?with tbe charge, for though there can be little doubt of the guilt of the accused, the testimony of the various witnesses is at present insuf ficient to ensure a conviction.' Daring a dispute between two brokers at the Ballarat Corner on Tuesday afternoon, re specting the delivery of some fchares, one called tbe other a liar, and received in return a blow which made him measure his length on the pavement. Preferring to use hard names as his weapon of attack, he repeated too word as he was in the act of rising, but noticing that his opponent was prepared to hit him again and make him once more fall on the nigs, he adopted a dodge known iu tbe ring as ' going down to avoid punishment,' and of his own free will deposited himself on the footpath. Some bystandtr3 interfered, and the matter was ended by tbe knight of the fist walking away, and the knight ef the 'lie direct' pick ing himself up. ' Self-made Men' is the snbject of a lec ture to be delivered at the Wesley Church schoolroom, on Friday next, by the Rev. John Watsford. Trade Meetings. — Milkmen will meet this evening at the Britannia Hotel, Swanston Etreet. The painters and paperhangers' general quarterly meeting comes off this evening. The Popclat. Readings at Fitzroy were re commenced on Tuesday evening. The popnlar concert at St. Kilda will come off on 1st Tr,1r» TVift *-oor!irHTO of TvTrtPrfllli-lilT! Will t«lkft place this evening. The St. Kilda Volunteers. — At tha Town Hall, St. KiHa, onSOth June, at four p.m., the goods remaining on hand from the recent bazaar in aid of the orderly-room will be dis posed of, and the Volunteers have decided to hand one-half of the proceeds to the St. Kilda Benevolent Society, in recognition of tbe assist ance rendered them by many of the ladies con nected with this very useful institution. FOOTBALL.- The following gentlemen have been selected to represent the North in the football match North v. South, to be played on Saturday next on tbe Melbourne ground :— Adamson, Barrass, C.Bennie, Bruford, Byrne, Duncan, Finlay, Forrester, C, Freeman, Goodall, Green, Gay, Harrison, H. C, Hils- den, F., Hilsden, O., O'Brien, Ryan, Waugh, G., Williams, W., Williams, J. Emergency : Adamson, H., Armytage, Clarke, Leach, Ken- nedy. The Theatres. — The attendance at both the Theatre Royal and Duke of Edinburgh last night was very good. At the former house the Japanese troupe repeated their wonderful per formance, and at the latter the two dramas of ' Rip Van Winkle' and ' Clande Dnval' were played. On Friday evening Mrs Walter Hill takes her benefit. The performance is under the patronage of several of tbe leading colonists, and ought to be a succeEs. Tbe play of ' Caste' will be reproduced ; mid, in adii tion, the latest London farce, by Mark Lemon, the editor of Punch, entitled ' The Ladies' Cirib,' will be plajed for tie first time in the colony. A Labge and respectable audience assembled in tke WesJeran church, Brnnswickstreet, Fitzroy, on Tnesday evenins, to hear a lec ture on ' Wesley aad his Times,' delivered bv the R*v. Joseph Dare on behalf of the Fitzioy Weskyan Association. The lecturer having been introduced by the chairman (Rev. Benjamin FielJ), commenced by pointing out that at every great crisis in the world's history Providence' had raised up men apparently spe ciallv endowed and commissioned to meet tbe exigencies of tha times. He showed that snch a time as far as religion was concerned wss the beginning of the eighteenth century, and such a man was Wesley. After detailing all the fea tures of Wesley's character in some beautiful word- pictures, the lecturer described a num ber of his contemporaries and concluded by pointing ont that neither in his own time nor since have men been able to discover where (humanly speaking) lay the secret ef Wesley's power as a pieacher. Frequent applause, a vote of thanks, and the more substantial proof of an extraordinarily goo-l collection, proved that the audience fully appreciated the rev. lecturer. ? Mr David Brown has been elected member of Glenburnie Road Board. A new rush, on alluvial ground, has set in at Ghin Ghin. The Geelong Advertiser says that the rumored action* for damages sgainst Dr. Reid was fully discussed in town on Tuesday 'ana the almost unanimous opinion was, that' if Dr Reid should be cast in damages, the amount will be raised by public subscription.' The number of wild fowl on Lake Pertobe Warrnambool, at present is very large ' Tho Rev. J. H. Watson has been oblieea to surrender the Church r6f~ESgIand pastorate at Kilmore, through illness. A butcher of the name of Henry Herbert while in the act of killing a pig at Sandhurst on Tuesday, was bitten by the animfl in tKa thumb, which was nearly torn off. ( The Alexandra Times is informed that a ^ new line of coaches is about to be laid on be^ tween Alexandra and Melbourne, to run the whole distance in one dny. The poor fellow Nortbey, who was injnred by theialling of the plumb-bob at the shaft of the Nightingale Company, Ballarat, died next day. . Tho Rev. J. R. Crone has tendered his re signation of the charge of the Wesleyan Church at Wangaralta. He intends devoting hifl time entirely to literary pursuits. Tho visitors of the Beechworth Lunatic! Asylum are to be Mr Bowman (the Mayor), Mr Butler, the police magistrate, and Mr John Turner, J.P. Mr Tossal, lessee of Thornton Station,' near Alexandra, twenty-four years of age, waa sitting at breakfast with his family on Satur-' day, when ho suddenly expired. 1-iacjsse of the heart. A boy named Holloway, five years old, son of an hotelkeeper near Beechwortb, has beea scalded to deatn. The poor littlo fellow wag reaching for something on the mantelpiece when he fell, upsetting a vessel of boiling water on his back. The following are the candidates nomi nated for the vacancy in the Ballarat Shire Council, Seuth Riding, namely: — Mr Louis Herman Kopke, Mr J. T. Miller and Mr W. Robertson. The election will take pkee at Windermere, on the 29th inst. ; It ia rumored in Silo that a private steeple- . chase for a considerable sum of money is to come off, at an early date, between two nags that are at present figuring in the banting field, the property of a couple of well-known local turfites. A case of considerable impartance was to have come before tha bench at Bairnsdala on Tuesday morning. An information has been laid against John Bourke, charging him with having impeded tho navigation of the Mitchell, River by falling a large number of trees across it. A few days since a man named Blakemore, who has been engaged with several others fencing at the ' Forty seconders' ' settlement, near Heyfield, Gipps Land, inflicted a fright ful gash in his thigh with a morticing axe. He was brought inte Sale on Saturday evening, ; when his wound was dressed. The police appear determined to continue' their raid against vendors of gunpowder whoj have net the words ' gunpowder Bold here' affixed on a conspicuous place on their pre-' mises. An ironmonger named Bossart, re siding at Talbot, was fined £5 for this offence on Monday. Captain Standish has replied to the appli cation made for leave to sergeant Lamer, in charge at Ballarat East, to receive a testimo nial from the inhabitants, and says leave can- : not be given so long as sergeant Larner re mains in Ballarat. The letter conveying this1' statement is highly complimentary to the ? , sergeant. According to the Mercury, the Rev. Boyd ? M'Kay has been appointed by tbe Presbytery : of Castlemaine to announce to the Presbyterian Church, Daylesford, the call, by the congrega- . tion of St. George's Church, Collingwood, ta the Rev. Mr Main. The ceremony will take ? place on Monday next. A man named John M'Kenzie, aged fifty- , three, shepherd on Glenarona Station, Kil- more, had been drinking over night with one of his mates. Shortly afterwards he was found lying asleep before the fire in the hut, both feet badly burned, his toes reduced to cinder. He died in great agony, of course. A melancholy series of bereavements are those of Mr Holmfield, a well- known miner, late of Majorca. A few months ago his wife died, and last week he followed to the grave the remains of two of his children, who had fallen victims to the now prevalent complaint — diphtheria ; while the sole remaining child is dangerously ill from the same cause. When the celebrated runner Matthew Higgins was in Geelong, a few months ago, he offered ' to run the local pedestrian, Sdmuel Holmes, any distance from 100 yards to a mile, and stake £200 to £100. It is now understood that Mr Holmes has intimated his willingness to run Mr Higgins for the sum mentioned, and has selected 200 yards as the distance ; the race to be run in Geelong. Dnnolly narrowly escaped a serions fire a few nights ago (reports the Express), through a person reading in bed at the Live and Lei Live Hotel. The constable on duty thought he saw smoke issuing from a bedroom at the hotel, and, looking in at the window, Eaw that the candle had been overturned, and the bed clothes were on fire. The inmates were roased and the flames extinguished, or not only the hotel itself, but a whole block of buildings, would most probably have been consnmed. 