DIVISION OF RUNS. Immedti.gdlv befo'e the new Land Act camne ilto opernl ,,,, t1·.,' M ini er for ],n*ds aused a eireular tr o I,, add..--:rI to the various I)striet Conunissioners, c .,lanin,.,g n series of instrualions, Intended, we pre mne. 1. guard ithose oiliCers from air possibility of iiim hrIratdiig the dutie which tlie mdiniit.ra tiii of Iiibe Art, required of each of tlirn. 'Ther 81h lltinne o"tie llollll Art ecllli: d to ioot1 people ullt ienll extpilllllloan ?y15 s l ttheir duties ill eoinn'xion wi ' t n ii'ibdlrio1 of rim-, uint to ake t"cassranee diily suorii," the Mini -.r, in the eireutin ret-rred to, a I cmphali t llld 'ieiise, inid iappeareid snelity virtuot, wh n hie addreiied li sulotrdiinates in the filloning Inuguag-',-" It, will be your duty, on such dliitiloi being llteild," tihat is thie subditisioin iftte in. " fo carthlilly vsd wiid-c hlii y aniCtV of the runl is bcst suited fi sale or tease', tarieincii mind, tlit one of tie most initporalit obje'.ls aimied at by tile Act., is to resumne os large ni area ts Ipraelictiablo of cictuliutal ltod from intnoral lease." Now, if the Minister really iuteniled to enforce the pretentiut s lIIoi-ly of the atl)ove instrucitions, thie result hil prored ill tile ilost untiiit.akalie mianner that suchl intentlllion bears a istrong resenlbltnee to those good init'-tiolls whlich tile proverb tells us form the pare mcit ofa ierniti htit ldaen lHow have the Minim lens insItrutiollns been eiarried out in this distrivt? lHave the portions of runs nmost likely to be required for piblic setilhnimit Ibeen renmed for that pIurltse P iel us see,, oni oe run here. in thIe neiglhbourhood of this tosn, the Miinister fir Lunds haid at his disiposal oelio 200,0u0 utris of oIste laIndni-so situated :as to render any dullereice o o opiion sitout classification uthrly iinilontihle. Abont onlre-half of it comprised the intic"es.ibll e snurs of the MLain Raoge from Ciuii niigham's Gap to Nillarney, in iihoipitatle and dlesolatc tract, ofjuinle nid scrub; tile other halll lies along the vlley of the CondaIninie, and is renmarkhbly well aidapled foer large graziig fnris. ThIere could be to dilhrence of celhoe here--1O0,000 acres of roeks u od iountails onone side, utterly rnalueless fir tile piurpose of settleucnt-on tile oilier all equal quan tity of very good land in the immediate vriinity of \Warwick. Hlow Ioas the adolinistratioi ofouI virluous Laiid Miistlir aetorded with hIis instrulctions to the Comniissimer in this ease? Wny, sthe moutinin region has been resunled for selection, bit no selector lhas vet aptplied for an acre of it; tlmre it will remiai, desciibecd on the n)iais, and iu tile Governient Gda netle, ni a reserve for aselectilln, a dllrable mnumnOeint of mtlisterial fraud, aitd all Ithe good laud oni the rut lla, for tile In'ient at. all eventls, beoUn diverted from that pu'pose.-- fn'arwrick Atrguns. Thie D). D. Gazette coimmentitig on lthis, says: Another description of dividing runs in nrcordiuee mitlh the Act ias been brouglt under our totice. it is sitaed thnat ilnstead of runs being divided " into two paras a nn.arlv as nlyv be," tllere are insilnleli' of three divisiono being nude: the central ani best partiim being g"ivei t tihe ipastoral lessee, ind the olltt r piunrts left Ifor selection by tile geieral public. Tile firsl of these miodes of errryiig out tihe iooviions of tie Act, iputs us in nind of tile celebrated desrriptlion, by Lord 1rouogliam, of tie maninier in ,hirll tile t" Firlt Gen tlemnu in ]Europe" displosed of Carltoin louse, wltich was presented to himi by the nution on a residence for Ilunself and his bride Tin Prince, who was afteir wards George IV., lot long after hIis imrriuge, mnade a division of tihe minisios which had beu given to himiself and his wife; he kept thie inside and gave her the outside. Thie second mode of dividing ruus into tllrec prtns puts us in uintd of another ancdoto but which can searcely be called historical. Two brothers wo o slept together were directed to divide their bed equally between tlcmi, but tihe elder insisted oil hiaving his share ill thle middle, leaviing the younger anid weaker to find his half on both sides. TIe matters to which we hInve referred, anid others connected with tile same subject will, no doubt, be brought under the consideration of Parliamenetat tan early period in next sension. The ellicincy of thie depirtLlenet Of the Surveyor-General may also allbrd a sabject for enquiry which nmay bring out some fuct of an interesting and instrucntive nature, with regard to thie difference between tie asserted and tile real area of not a few pastoral runs, atmong which wse might melltioun one or two at lno great distance from Too woomba, and situanted on either side of the Mhaini Range. But we need not anticipate tile remarkable reveliionsa that will doubtless be nmade lwhen a com mittee elhall investigate the matlers to which we allude. There is something rotten in tile swhole admiinistration of the public laids, but we hIope we may 'yet be convinced that we are wrong in placing faith ill the representations that havre been made to uns, and that tile public are equally in error in giving be lief to lwhat is now a matter of common report. (In tile same journal we find the following with reference to thIe same subject:-) A linonue-.T OF AScIsENT IIITOar. HIome Tiberius Grac/cnslt became rnler of " the land," a?nd what tefell the hseubandomen ltereuron. Now Tiberius GrCichus was ruler over all the lanud. And it camic to pass tlhat certain rich men, who helld possession of all the fruitful valleys and the runnilng streams, had covered tihe land aitb tleir loeks und their hierds, itnsomuch that tle numbers of them could not. be taken. And tihe possession of the land was in this wise: tllat the rich mecn paid into tihe treasneury a tribute of monsy, whichl was accounted by them as the value of thie land year bly year. Atid they and wanred fat execedingly, sayiug atmong themselves, "Lo, here is a land whiclh shall be an in liltantie untlo us, our flocks and our hIerds, for ever." But in the lnlltess of time there came from a far country eeraiii hlusbandmesn, who had lheard of the fultnnes of tlhe laud, aud they said unto the rich men, " Give unto us and our childrena portion in the land, that we may possess it, atd raise up unto you a great lualion." And thle rich met unswered and said unto them, "Ye are stranigers in ithe laud. \WhIerefore look ye bor an iilheritanceP Is it inot enoughl that wno should suLfer you to watchl over our eflocks and our herds ?" Atld ilhe ilusbandmen nnwered, sa'ying, " Surely yeo loirve need of corn, and oil, and wine s; give unto us, therefore, a pIossession in thIe land, that we may raise food for you and for our children." Atd the rich men said, " Thie land nedetth neither cora or wine; relur ye~, tllereforel, unto the land ol your bretlirtn." Now, at diverse seasons, slhips went down unto a far country withl tile " itt" of the lunid, bringing back corn and nine for thie rich ieuln and for teir children. Therefore was it, thley said tihe land hath nio need of these tlhings. And the hiusbanndmen were sore afraid lest they and their seed should Uperish frliom out the laud. iut certain of tlhel went uln unto those who " were esteemed" the wise men of the counItry, saying, " Gie ulnlto ut , we pray ?un, a rtion of or iunlheritane in tle laudd;" und Lthey clamloured exceedingly. Atnd the " wise men" wearyilng of tlheir great Im Itortuity~, sett ortli a decreeo that thie lusbandmen alshould l)oiaesan a portion in the lantd. Atd overlookers were aopioiutted by Tiberius Grae chus to lteautire unto the ihusbltdmen lthe portion of land whicth slouldabe givelt uuto tllhem. Now cerltaill of tle onerlookero sat ut tile rich mien's table, und moreover rcneivud divers " tokeuns" of great price. Atd it came to pass tlint the portions givren ullto tihe rich meu fell alnuag the fruitlul valleys uid arounid all tile matercourses; and tie piortion ol the ItJantidlnni aUmong tihe mountainm, atd in tile deserts iwhere i)o water oas. And the goodness of Tiberius Gracchlus became a pIroverb ullOung tlat ieoplie etin unto tuis day. X. The yancht " llamlet's Ghost," toe property of Count von Attelts, arrived ill Kieppel Buay oni Tuesday last. The Count is in the Austrian service, and is takinig a tour of the colonien. He has visited Vic toria and Niea South Waleo, and remained a abshort timeo in Brlisbane. While at the latter port, he ipurelnasid the yacht front Mr. George Harris, M.L.C., auid nItends calling at thie pIorts along tihe coast. Tihe trip is said to be one of pleasure, and the Count is amusini g himself by surveying parts of thie coast. The resecl's cabi in i splenididly fitted up. Thue panlellinga ore of graiined maple mounted withl gold mouldings, nld a large pier glass lills up one ncid of thie cabin. She is about twelve toii, burden, draws four feet of waler, nud, istt eounting thIe young CIonlt, sot is innitied by a captaini , a cieifoliner, three biosile, nid hlun oni board a cook, steward, nuod servant. She carries three swirel gulls oln deck, uid there are iliso oni board elevei rilles of tihe Slider, Matite, nidt Chasepoit makeO respectivcly, probably pepper castorm for iany iattucaking force of nativee. Thie Ghost rose froit the uniaes of thte whaling vessel l'rince of iDen miark, aret kedi o one of the inlands of the 'Polynesitan gtroup.-'ord/chainlan oulleri. TnAtiE nmnst:TW JIoUtItSBor. AND GrY.I'IE.-- t. is reported in olne of the .Melboullre jouralms that i gen tlhnmat well kinowi oni hlllarat as ucnunnercial travel ler, mnd lo ihas beenUit at the Gyumlllpie diggiigs about a montht, writes to a friend in allarnt that by tlhe saine mail lie has sent orders for wittes, spirits, aid beer to Melbourne, for quantities which will amount in value in the aggregate to upwards of £2400. 