PERIODICALS. fit our husband Eldet'i Circular joy February The Quarterly Review opens very curiously with a notice of Lockhart's Life of Sir Walter Scott, published more than thirty years ago 1 In explanation of which the writer states that " it was manifestly impossible for Mr. Lockhart to print in what might be called his own journal, a criticism on a work of which he was himself the author j" and " it was equally impossible, for a good while after Mr. Lockhart's death that any competent person who had enjoyed his friendship, and the friendship of the great hero of his tale, should touch the subject." Many will think this reads rather strange. The second article, "The Queen in the Manda and Highlands," isa review of her Majesty's Journal. It is followed by a very important paper on Private Confession in the Church of England," which, it is proved, has a strong tendency to sap the Reformation at its foundations. There are six other papers on " M. Guizot's Memoirs," "The British Museum," "Longevity," "Phanicia and Greece," "Church Progress," and " What shall we do for Ireland 2" The most amusing article in the number is that on longevity, which carries on the long controversy originated by Sir G. C Lewis, who affirmed that since the Christian era no record appears of any person of royal or noble birth who had lived to see a hundred years of age the cases usually cited being those of obscure persons, concerning whom no satisfactory evidence is obtainable. The reviewer inclines to believe in Old Parr and the Countess of Desmond, but admits that there is enough of the fabulous mixed up with their stories to justify scepticism. The conclusion of the whole matter is expressed in the Roman satirist" inquiry, ''Longa dies lighter quid consular?" Why all this coil about a few extra years of profitless labour and sorrow I- And how many are there who would care to" live their time over again The Edinburgh, like the Quarterly, reviews " The Queen's Highland Journal." The writer of a notice of Mr. Mciivale's "Memoirs of Sir Philip Francis" strongly inclines to accept the theory of his identity with " Junius," and this notwithstanding the! ingenuity of Mr. Haywards pamphlet on the other side. The reviewer, in feet, expresses his surprise that so little can be found to shake the argument of Mr. Merivale, and says, "if it be true, on the one hand, that no direct and positive proof of his connection with the Letters of Junius' can be produced, it is equally Due that no single fact or incident can be named which is positively incompatible with it." Another article of some historical interest is that entitled " De Fezensae's Recollections of the Grand Army," as it epitomises a work which throws considerable light on the military genius and system of Napoleon. M.! Gacbard's " Don Carlos and Philip II., and "The Dukedom of Anjou," are the subjects of interesting papers.. Tyndall's lectures on Sound are very ably reviewed, and those who have not read them will find in this article a rich scientific treat. The mechanism of the year in particular, is most effectively described, facts being recapitulated of which most ordinary persons will be ready to confess they had no previous knowledge. Such, for example, are those relative to the nerves of hearing, which, it has been ascertained, are 3000 in number equal to 400 strings for each of the seven octaves of a piano. Within the ears of men, and without their knowledge I or contrivance, this late of 3000 strings has existed for ages, accepting the music of the outer world and rendering it fit for reception by the brain. Each musical tremour which falls upon the organ, selects from its sensitised fibres the one appropriate to its own pitch, and throws that fibre into unisonant vibration. And thus, no matter how complicated the motion of the external air may be, those microscopic strings can analyse it and reveal the constituents of which it is composed. The Fortnightly contains an article by Professor Morley on '. Three old Yorkshire Poems," in which the contact between Celt and Saxon is curiously illustrated. Swaledale, it should be known, is haunted by a grand old strain of Celtic song, and all the country about "Whitby is classic ground for those who see the birthplace of our literature in the house of Ctcdmon. A paper on "Ireland in 1868 " will afford the reader a good insight into the present state of the country as regards its economic condition. The writer insists on the importance of completing the commercial union between the two countries. A kindred paper on ," Fenianism and the Irish Church " will be thought perhaps, more than enough on one subject. Mr Melville continues his story of " The White Rose." There is a paper on '. Russian Railways ¡" and one " On the Christian Hypothesis, and the method of its Verification," which merits particular notice. It is an even-handed protest against Comte's atheistic bias, on the one side, and Professor Tyndall's action on the other, that scientific men have nothing to do, as such, on theological ground in a word, it argues that the " Christian Hypothesis " is based on alleged facts, and facts are everywhere the proper subjects of scientific inquiry. It then goes on to show that there is prima facie reason for believing that it will bear the test of inquiry. In the Cornhill Mr. Matthew Arnold continues his disquisition on a' Anarchy and Authority," and includes in the present paper some rather pungent remarks on Mr. Dixon's notions concerning the new religions in America. Mr. Arnold would not so much as condescend to treat them seriously. "It is enough," he says, "for Mr. Dixon that this or that doctrine has its Rabbi who talks big to him, has a staunch body of disciples, and, above all, has plenty of rifles that there are any further stricter tests to be applied to a doctrine before it is pronounced important never seems to occur to him. It is easy to say, Mr. Dixon writes of the Mormons, that these saints are dupes and fanatics, to laugh' at Joe Smith and his church, but what then?' "The great -facts remain. Young and his people are at Utah ; a church of 200,000 souls ; an army of 20,000 rifles But if the followers? of of doctrine are really dupes, or worse, and its promulgators are really fanatics, or worse, î fives the, doctrine no seriousness or authority the more says Mr. Arnold, "that there should be found 200,000 souls 200,000 of the innumerable multitude with B natural taste for the bathos-to hold it, and 20,000 rifles to defend it." A good literary paper is that on "The Three Lyrists : Horace, Bums, and arranger;" and those who have read the previous chapters On Talk," will turn with a relish to the additional iVur chapters in this number. Here, for example, in a shrewd lesson on the avoidance of j' Waste in Talking t Any man who aspires to be a good talker must be, above all things, careful and dis- creet in this particular. He must never spoil a promising subject by introducing it at a time when it will not get listened to, or waste a good thing upon a person who is unworthy to receive it. He must not, for instance, throw away a new story, or, indeed, any statement or piece of description which happens to be new, upon some important member of the company in which he finds himself-some poor relation or obscure guest. For such persons any ancient wares which the talker happens to have by him soiled articles or damaged goods of last season-will do perfectly well, and it would be folly and waste to set before them the novelties which are wanted for their betters. To produce a conversational tit-bit, again, of a really Perishable quality, at a wrong moment, would be an unpardonable act of extravagance and wastefulness. No man in his senses, for instance, would think of saying a good thing, or entering upon a promising narration, in the drawing-room before dinner. A talker who knows what he is about will remember how much more valuable the titbit in question will be later in the evening, and will, with that self-control which must always characterise him, check himself in time." A paper on " lion Ports and Shields," illustrated by numerous wood engravings, representing a variety of these constructions in section, &c.;, will be found full of valuable information. The Dublin University Magazine contains papers on " Ancient, Medieval, and Modern Preaching,'' on "Molirie's Predecessors," "Satires," "sacred Vows," Bishop Percy's Folio Manuscript," and " A Great Man's Relaxations," together with some additional chapters of " Sweet Anne Page," and John Fuller's Neice." The number is unusually heavy. Macmillan has an interesting paper on " Lady Macbeth," from the pen of Fanny Kemble. Her argument is that she was utterly incapable of remorse, that her life was destroyed by sin as by a disease of which she was unconscious, and that she died of a broken heart, while the impenetrable resolution of her will remained unbowed. It was impossible she could have seen the ghost of Banquo ; her nature was incapable of seeing ghosts. There are other incidental remarks in the paper worth reading. Professor Seeley ' writes on "Milton's Political Opinions," and Tennyson contributes the following short poem, which he entitles "Wages:" Glory of warrior, glory of orator. glory of song, find with a voice flying by to be lost on an endless wa Gloi y of Virtue', to light to struggle, to right the wrong Key, but she aim'd not at glory, no lover of glory she : Give her the glory of going on, and still to be. The wages of tin is death : if the wages of Virtue be dust, Would she have heart to endure for the life of the worm and the fly.' She dceiriB no isles of the West, no quiet seats of the just, To net In a golden grove, or to bask in a summer sky . Give her the wages of going on, and not to die. Fraser discusses " University Organisation," aptness of the suggestions made by Mr. Seeley. The writer concludes by expressing his agreement in the main, not with Mr. Seeley, but with Mr. Pattison, whose book is noticed in our review of New Publications. The Queen's Journal is cordially noticed, the writer introducing his subject by referring to the publication of the Early Years of The Prince Consort, as a work which has had a political effect of which its author probably did not dream. At a critical period, , when mere authority counts for so little, the Queen has, in effect, taken her stand before her people upon the ground of her common humanity and thus, while she only thought of raising a monument to the Prince Consort i, she has added a stalwart buttress to her own throne. A paper on "Mux Miiller's Chips" will be full of interest to philosophical thinkers, especially in what it says of the two great religious developments through the Aryan and Semitic races. Mr. Proctor contributes an interesting account of " The Great Nebula in Orion "Village Sketches in Oudh" bring to our ears some echoes of the great mutiny and the concluding paper of the number is intended to make us comprehend .' How the Irish Land System breeds Disaffection." i Blackwood's most important paper ison Fenianism The writer concludes his argument by observing that the first business of the Government is to put down FenianiSm Summarily and effectually to consider the question of the Irish Protestant Church fairly to promote, rather than discourage, emigra- tion, or, at all events, to let it alone, if it cannot be diverted into the friendly channel of the British cc leaves; to make it clear that there is but one and the same law for Englishmen and Irishmen ¡ and to abolish the office of Viceroy-an office the very title of which savours of a quasi political separation between the countries, for there is no Viceroy in Scotland or Wales ; and, finally, in place of this sham court, to induce the royal family to spend some part of every year in Ireland. In this way, the writer is of opinion, the affections of the Irish people would be won. The Queen's Journal is reviewed in an article entitled " The Queen of the Highlands," and the first of a series of " Historical Sketches of the Reign of George II is given. The only other papers in the number are those from the pen of " Cornelius O'Dowd." and a review of Mr. Merivale's "Life of Sir Philip Francis." The water of the latter is very cautious about expressing any opinion on the facts of the case. Colbwn, speaking of the port of " Adults," runs counter to the prevailing fashion of declaiming against my attempt to introduce civilisation into Abyssinia, or in any way to avail ourselves of the advantageous position we occupy. After some interesting Historical remarks tending to show that we have penetrated into the country by the same route which was followed by the great nations of antiquity, he inquires if we are to be less, for those barbarous regions than the Assyrians, the Hebrews, the Greeks, the Romans, the Persians, and Arabs have done before us. " To march into a country of the oppressed co- religionists, and to do nothing for their emancipa- tion, or to better their condition, would be as sad a neglect of duty as to leave the once fertile and populous regions of Chaldea and Babylonia-the cradle of the human race at the very threshold of our Indian pos present, a desert and a waste, and to show what should be the highway of nations to be for ever closed by barbarian Arab tribes, for want of that spirit of enterprise which characterised all the great nations of antiquity, and which once characterised the British people." In Bentley, Fenianism, Ireland, and Abyssinia furnish the principal topics the only other sketches being "The Village Cure," and the usual literary contribution of Francis Jacox. The writer on " Fenianism in America " declares, from a personal knowledge of the facts, tho) in 1865 the movement had extended all over America, and that there was hardly one Irish Roman Catholic who was not a member of the conspiracy. " It commenced in New York in 1857, and has ever since been increasing there and to New York we may always look for any annoyance from the Irish-American Fenians." once a week, under the editorship of M. Dallas, has a very attractive look. Among its new features are a few columns of " Table Talk, and some rather comic illustrations of what Monsieur saw in England." Mr. Tennyson contributes what appears to be an autobiographical poem about "A Spiteful Writer." A brother bard is jealous of his fame, and is rebuked in half-a-dozen pithy stanzas, of which these are two 0 foolish bard, is your letter to hard, 11 men neglect your pages ! 1 think cat much of yours or of mine : I hear the roll of the ages. This fallen leaf, isn't fame as brief ! My rhymes may have been the stronger : Vet hate me set, but abide your lot ; 1 last but a moment longer. All the' Year Round, with its old hankering after ghost stories, places on record several thrilling incidents of the kind. The number also contains another amusing article on " Official Midges," the species in this instance being our consular judges, A lively paper on the common house-fly contains some curious, particulars. Among other things, the writer mentions that colonists in New Zealand import flies in bottles or boxes from Europe, as" they have the coming i driving away the less agreeable Maori, or aboriginal fly, London Society gives an illustration by John Gilbert, of the "Modern Vendetta,,' an old story which was very well worth telling again. The "Thumbnail Studies" in the number consist of six sketches of character taken at a theatre. The performance of 'The Westminster Play" also furnishes two or three illustrations, that of the group of ladies '* Trying to "Understand the Latin "I being very amusing. The remaining contents of the number are Police Mysteries," " Dogs of Note," continuations of '" Bones and i." and The Piccadilly Papérs,"taiid a poem "To the Moon," by Robert Buchanan. i St J i men's Maoanne has nothing very sparkling. The only noticeable papers a critic on the last new poems of Mr, Matthew Arnold . , 7, /k Miss' Frances Power Cobbe contributes to Temple Bar a paper on French and English Epitaphs,"' which, however, truth compels us to say, is disappointing, as it contains nothing but the usual common- places transcribed from tombstones. The idea of Comparing the mortuary inscriptions of the two countries is simply started to be abandoned, and thus by good subjects spoiled. " Two Months in the West, Indies " is from the pen of Lady Herbert. A traveller in Norway contributes his " Sketches " of the country and the people. A very old ghost story is told under the title of "The Truth, the whole Truth, and, Nothing but the Truth " and at the end of the story it is again solemnly affirmed to he true. The three running stories-one of them being by Mr. Sheridan Le Fanu are advanced some chapters. [ The United Service Magazine recommends the reduction of our naval armaments within manageable limits. At present we have 900 vessels of war, of which about 300 are employed on actual service, and besides these 300 ships in commission, we have about twenty armour-plated afloat, and many more in reserve or construction. In round figures, the vote for the navy is about £10,000,000 per annum, and it takes nearly all this money to keep up its present strength. It follows that we cannot build extensively, and keep pace with the inventions of other nations, unless we increase the vote or reduce the number of ships, so many of which would certainly prove useless in case of a great war. Hence an immediate reduction is recommended, the writer's opinion being that 300 vessels afloat, and 200 in reserve, and undergoing repair would suffice for all purposes. If so, the annual cost of maintaining 400 ships may be saved. 1 The Sporting Magazine is busy with racing matters, and speculations for the coming season. The " Way Bill " has rather a melancholy opening, for which the weather must be held chiefly responsible. The sporting anecdotes are very poor. The best thing in the number is the engraving of " Wild Duck Shooting." The Peoples Magazine continues the story entitled " Contrast ; or, the Schoolfellows," an the story for servants, Without a Character." An engraving of " The Walrus " accompanies some interesting particulars concerning that animal. The " Story of Cembuscan Bold," is treated under the head of " English Literature." The " Biography of Legh Richmond," is given in continuation of " Church of England Worthies." The writer of '. Home Thoughts for Working Women and Mothers' Meet- rings," contributes a paper on '. Woman's Influence." Some account is given of " Cuthbert, the English Apostle of the Lowlands," and another chapter on "Physiology." A notice of the Queen's "Journal" is accompanied by an engraving of Balmoral Castle, and the coloured frontispiece consists of a copy from a painting by Hay the entitled "The Dawn of Conscience." Chomliers's commences a new serial entitled " A Change of Luck," of which the first six chapters are given. The remaining contents are "Home of the Locust," "Making their Game: a Life Drama," " Boy Sailors and Sailor Boy," Maxims by a Man of the World," " Deep-Sea Soundings," Lubrication at the Hairdresser's," "Our Own Reporter," perambulations " Shushsn the Palace," '* Among the Pacific Islanders, and the usual paragraphs of the Month, and pieces of poetry. In The Argosy, which is now edited by Mrs. Henry Wood, a new story has been commenced by that lady entitled " Anne Hereford." The February number contains, further, "Boom for his Lordship, by the Dean of Canterbury, "The Last Four Years in Abyssinia," by one of the Captives, " Losing Lena," "A River-Side Story," by Mrs. Macquoid, " On the Banks of the Wye," "KateFoley's Remains," 'The Hungry Sea," and a sketch entitled " Our Log Book. " Mr. Gladstone contributes to Good Words a second paper on the subject of the famous book Ecce Homo. Iib argument amounts to a masterly apology and defence of the book, as it aims to show, and succeeds in showing, that the method of the author is thoroughly consistent with the method of the Gospels. To the ordinary hearers and spectators our Lord exhibited himself as a Max engaged in the best, and holiest, and tenderest ministrations ; claiming unequivocally for what he said and did a Divine authority, but beyond this asserting respecting Hiroslf nothing, and leaving Himself to be freely judged by the character of His words and deeds. It in on this side that the author of Ecce Bimo has approached his subject, and Mr. Gladstone is of opinion that the method is one eminently adapted to the needs of the present day. The Leisure Hour commenced the year with a new wrapper, one feature of which is an almanac for the month, nearly inserted with the ornamental border. Among the more noticeable articles is one on "The Midnight Sky at London," with a view of the stars visible in February. " Colton and Railways in India " is a paper that many will read with interest. There are "Notes on Abyssinia," something about Con- sols," an account of "The Sperm Whale Fishery," with an engraving, a few columns about "The Tal- mud, and several papers of less distinctive character. 