RAILWAYS. Is there are any men in the South really desirous of promoting. the pros. perity of the colony let them unite and subscribe to procure a proper survey and estimate of their scheme. This is not asking a. serious proof of sincerity. But if the clamour proceeds from a small knot of selfish schemers, who liope to reap a harvest from a large expenditure on a useless object, the sooner the bubble breaks the better. While opinion is so divided and so many projects are put forward no decision can be arrived at. In fact a sound opinion cannot be expected in the'- absence of, data, and therefore a survey, estimate; and return of-the - traffic . are. indispensable. One person suggests that there should be a line from Hobart Town running on to the Mersey at the foot of 'the Western Tier, but there is no information to show how the watershed in the middle of the island is to be surmounted; and the in land towns would be left alone in their glory, while the line would pass through districts where there are few inhabitants. Again, it has been proposed to follow the line of the: East Coast and thus avoid all enigineering difficulties, although the distance might be increased; but the midlanders would scarcely subscribe to the proposal for the reason lfToro given.; The Mersey -tramway is . s tanding protgst. against engaging in a work that is worthless. The unfortunate share holders in that, coincern will never see the ghost of.their money. It might as well have been cast into the-depths'of the sea for all-the benefit;liiit the proprietors or the coloniy will .deriyv from the expendi ture.i;Until a line is 'surveyed no onu can khow'the gradients end the conseeiub oxpeneof cdrindirtion and the wear and tear of working. When the promoters of the Western line decided to hlvea railway they worked fiord and 'freely spent their moneyýto establish; the re productive character of the under-I 'taking. An fast ha ". bstaocs Wero thrown in `theirway, the were overcome. . Ton years incessant dili gdnce distinkuished those who took part in the proceedings. There is nothingyof this zeal, energy and liberality visible in the feeble agitation going on bt propeiit among those who advocate a 'midland line.. They simply ask for the disburse ment of abldrge sum 6f moiiey'utt'egr regardless of results, and without a oer taining whether tho line is practiclable, what it will cost, and what return it will yield. We foar this rockless talk will do the colony damago in England and blso whore. Looking at the contour of the country there is not the slightest pros poet that the sound of the railway whistle will be heard either at Oat lands or Quoonborough, and the meotings hold at those places can have no moral weight.. What we want to soo as a proof of earnestnoss is a subscription towards procuring a survey and railway statistics, that the question may be put before the publio in a shape which will enable thom to form an opinion. As Soon as the Western lino is finished, and is found to be suecessful, we have no doubt the proper stops will be takon to extend the line to the Half-way House on the tormts pro scribed by the Parliament, so that all that the people in the south have to do is to parcel out their half of the midland lino into railway districts, and go to work in a business-like way. DIsaoAeRFUL CONDucr.-Soveral of our fellow-townsmen have recently suffered much annoyance in having anonymous lettere sent to their houses, their windows broken by stones, their doors beemnared with tilth, or their walls or fences rendered no less loathsooms by obscene scribbling. No consideration of public morality or dockncy Is permitted to restrain the gratification in this way of personal spite. If the work of an adnitt it evinces mental degradation deeper than that of savages: if of yeaths, their future is very dark and appalliog. Should any be caught we hope they will be severely punished as where is no other way of tochming some persons good man ners. Wone.saNO MoN's CLan-A very good publio reading was given at the above Institu tion on Tuesday evening. There was a fair at tendance, and the following programme was rendered in a style which gave satisfaction to all: -Reading from 'Comedy of Errors,' Mosers. Holloway, Meers, Handilton, and Smith; recita tion, ' The Wager Decided,' Master E. Brain; reading, ' The Crooked Disciple,' Mr. Williams; song, ' Donniu Situ, or the Mackhi Sow,' Mr. Haitmilton t reading from ' Andy tandy,' Mr. White ; rending from ' The Iron Cheet,' Messrs. Williams, Holloway, and Smith; song, ' Erin Is my Home,' Mr. Pieces; reading, 'Lay of the Rhine,' Ar. Beet; reading, 'The Barber's Nuptials,' ir. S. Smith t reading, ' A tusband in 'Trouble,' Mr. Williams; song, Mr. Robins. A special reading in aid of the Litrary Fuod will be given this evening, at the same place. MORVEN AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY.- A meeting, having for its object the formation of an Agricultural Society in the district of Evandale, was held at the Municipal Chambers, Evandale in June last, the result of which meeting was the formation of a Society, to be called the "Morven Agricultural Society", the principal objects being the improvement of agriculture and horticulture, and rearing the best specimens of poultry and cage birds. A Council, composing twenty-six members, was elected to manage the undertaking, and the payment of five shillings annually enttitles any person to all the privileges of membership. The first meeting of the Council was held in the Municipal Chambers on Monday last, there being sixteen members present, Edward Easton, Esq, occupying the chair. The chief business was to arrange the prize schedule for the first Exhibi- tion, which comprises premiums for poultry, pigeons, rabbits, and cage birds, not even the domesticated magpie and 'Jackass' (or Bull- thrush, as he is more delicately termed in the prize list) being omitted. Dairy produce, spring fruits, and vegetables, are also included. Alto- gether the list of prizes offered for competition to very creditable, the total amount exceeding thirty pounds. When we take into consideration the small sum that constitutes membership there is no doubt that the frst show of the Society, which will be held early in October, will be eminently successful. The following gentlemen were elected a Comnmittee to carry out the details of the Exhibition :-Messrs. Hy. Gleadow, W. Atkins, Dr. Stewart, Jno. Bryan, Easton, Sidebottom, Kidd, and G. W. Dodery. The Secretary, Mr. A. H. Boyd, was authorised to have manfactured 50 coops, or rather cages, in which to exhibit poultry, and a number of smaller ones for pigeons and rabbits. A vote of thanks being passed to the Chairman, the Council separated. LncTREac.-A lectrer will be delivered at the Mlechanics' Institute this evening on " Riga. rooma" by Mr. A. Barrett. BRIDoc ABOVo ArroTKENe Fonn.-A meeting for considering the best site for a bridge over the South Esk above Aitken's Ford will be held at the Nile Inn, Lymingtoo, to- morrow, at noon, WosuEntmN's OLUD.-The third annual meat. Ingof this institution will be held at theClub-house tomorrow evening. Sr. Joonn's Cnunce.-The institution of the Rev. Al. B. Browarigg will take place on Sunday next. AnOTPLLnY ACcournusMnnws.-The Govern ment have just received from England (ssys the Ifereury) a quantity of accontrements, &c.;, for the supply of the Vilunteer Artillery. These conssts of 200 cartouch boxes, 500 bushys, and a quantity of ornaments and badges. The whole of the articles are of the bent quality, and have been supplied at very moderate rates. Four bugle- trumpets have also been imported. These are of new and ingeolous pattern. The instru ments are brass with the trumpet curves, but by merely reversing the tube upon which the mouth piecs is fixed, the tonce of either instrument are produced. DEnsceRATION OP TruE SAnnArtr.-Thu S.A. Advertiser says"-" Is consequence of the Into arrival of the mail steamer It was found necessary by the agents to obtain the rather unusual con. ccssion of the Collector of Customs to discharge cargo on Sunday, is order to take in coal. Tht Port, therefore, it consequence on that day bad a busylike aspect imparted to it, which was anything hot desirable. In future It is to be hoped tthat the Australian Steam Navigation Company silt nat sati Itteir vessels uso close to (lie wind, rho Collector of Customss ttas written to tht Goy. erameat on the senhject, ueageeting that he shtould have the power to rcfos to etro allowintg the Isome. Sach toocesniona are natornily Inched apon with a juaoos eye by the owners uf othor trading steamars. TuLEGRAPHICe COsbMUtrNeATIeON.-An exesl lent systems adopted by' the' 'peat and telegraph depsrtmettts ef New Zealand is thusodeocribed by th"N. 'Z."4deertiserd---"In~thoae nountry dis tricts where the electric mircas bytnot as yet been carricti, or where it htss been consldercd uneeces. saryinto estabtlist telegraph stations, ite' pent mastars' hove been supplied with teingrapht forme, "cn'whlchm a ptaruou wihitng to forworni a atelgrom 'writes hIs messago. tie titus ettloses it in an 'entvetope, 'attd adidrenacs it to tbn nosrent telegraph station. 'fts poutmostur baa then torsee to its transmissIon us a letter to that statIon. On its arrival there, the ofllcer int charps of tite statiott opass it, and trantsmits it by sire is bthe ordinary way In its address. 'rte somber uP post-atlices btas6 supplied Is, we be 'lieve, shount 2ne, distribated over the provinces of 'Hawks's tDsy, Wetlinglan, No~eso, Mbarlherough, Canterbury,. Otnge, and Southtland, It con 'readily be seen tite great attvantags to thte public titles system must he, bringing, as it does, 'titan-. ,sands. aitltin roach at the telegraph, where otherwise they would he compollad to defend ,nopos ithe not always baa rapId pasals earriers in' atp*Country dIstrIcts.'t 'Trse RAr.WAY Pornoy.- The Ml'eifrryl says :-" Wo hove tptord rumors that nm01 of those who warmly ptrfossod fidelity to the cllset ' of ranlwoy progress are sllowing syntptoae of o repudiating their pledges, by limiting their pine tient applioatiol to a road, whlih to only to coat c .£1l00,000. Weo trust the rumor will be foundr dectitutl of tfoninlloo, an11 that those who votedI £400,000 for 45 miles on the other itde of the island, will not Ileoltoto to give their C support, it It ahould to required, to ln appropriation of doublo that aunt for a Nationat RIliway of three times the length. We t know It will Ioe answered that we have th1e I llltrantee of the tlnded proprietors for the £.400,000, while we shall have the revenues of I the colony wholly responsible for the other. U1t 1 to any one limple enough to bellove that weo sh0ll not be compelled, in defenco of the general interesto of the community, to atlnos I during this very session all the reponelbilitic of I the WVeetern Railway P 10ow is the great national work to be proceeded with, if theorgaulI. sation connected with thils local work has to be I connected with thli local work lne0 contended against P And Il jus. t Lico to .the Company and the lalded propriletors, whose proporties ore pledged no security for the loan, we unbelI. taoingly declare that upon every principle of jutlico and fair play, and on the grounds of I pubhlo interest, the country is bound to accept all the responeibilitioe, and carry out the work of constructing the Launceston and Doloraine Rail. way as a portion of the Natlonul Iallway w Policy. TaoA'rno RovArL.-Mr. James Stark, the eminent tragedian, appeared at tiro Theatre Rioyal loot night, in lis great impersonation of Richeoleu. 'i'here was a very fair house, particu. larly in t01e dress circle, which wo, nearly filled with the elite of Lanoceston. Mr. Stark was enthusiastically received, and during the evening continued to draw forth well-merited epploaso by his clever delineation of the charslter of the great Prime Minister of Louis XIII; whilst at the close of tho third and last acts he was loudly and unanimously called be. fore the curtain. Mr. Stark was sup ported Ia a very creditable manner by the other members of the company, Mrs. II. Jackson's Juai0 do Mortimer especially being a very nas tural and touching delinoation of character. The performance concluded with the laughable farco of "Our Gal." in which Mliso Nevada (hire. Stark) appeared as "Caroline Morton," and esc* ceeded in " bringing down t1e house " by tier clever representation of the character of'" our gal," which fully estabsiehod tier claims as a comec* dienne of the first order. This evening thio per formnnco will open with the play of " The Lady of Lyons," ond conclude with "Our Gal." 'To morrow evening Mr. Stark will appear as IlHamlet." EtNLiouc TRLERAMto,-Tho 8. A. Adver tiser of July 11th anys-It appears that the1 system on which telegrams have been forwarded from Gallo to tlte Australia hio hitherto been a very loose and unsatisfactory one. They have been forwarded by a privato arrangement with the pursers of time vessels, tiie 1P. and O. Com pany exercIsing no control and accepting no re sponsibility for then. Thos everything was lelt to the good will and good ftiith of the pursers, who were responsible to no one for the safo cos tody or prompt delivery of the tolegrams. This is now to be altered. The company have thrown the duty upon their pnrsers, whose business it will be to take oflicial charge of all telegrams en trusted to them for the telegraph at Guile. While 110 remolneration will he demanded either for the company or their oflicers for this service, it is nevertheless enjoined upon the parnera to have it well performed. Privatn and public telegrams are to he treated precisely alike. In the inelrue. tions sent to the company from the lost Ofilce, it is required ttat telegrams sent from thecolo nice for Galn shoulti he sent open, so that the parsers may know that they really are telegrams, at they profess to be. This. we confess, is tIe only drawback n thte utility of the now arrange. mneot which we see. Telegraml sent as for as Galle, tid intended to be forwarded to Australia. otherwise than in the mails, are to be received only from the oalicers of the telegraph company, in covers allowing that they are telegrams. 'I'ie South Auotralian Government will have to make arrangements for the transfer of telegrams for that colony to the branch steamer at King George's Sound. Tto TROaNEc oF fMADGoAacAn.-ACCOrd I ing to the 'ort Louis Gazelle of 21st May the 1 Consul of Moadngacar, Mr. Lemikro, hio re ceived, through the Prime Minister of Antan anarivo, the official aononcement of the death of . thei late Queen, and the accession to the I throon of her sister, Ranovalo Manjika II., and is further informed that there will be no change f in the relations between the two countries. The f old Queen Ronovalo, the mother of Radama II., I is well known to have been one of the most cruel, immoral, and despotic of rulers, yet the t new Queen seems to glory in taking her name. The new Queen is also known to be attached to idols and heathenism much more strongly thin was the late Queen itashenina, and with a tenacity that is often maolfeated by elderly persons (silo must be past 50 years of age) for the tenets in which they have been educated. 