[?] The drama, this week has exiled itself. It has gone to Ballarat and Bendigo. , Here we( are left to do the best we can with the 'Japanese, and the feeblo management, at the Duke of Edinburgh. The latter have done no thing during the week to call for comment. The pieces produced have been |* llip VanJ ; Winklej' and an incomprehensible'melddrama 'entitled ' Claude Duvali' but which is really af free transcript of the novel of' Whitefriars.' Neither of thepieces call for any special notice. In the first, Mt Gill.did his best to ?- copy Mr, Jefferson in the principal character, but I; am ? of opinion that he has sufficient original talent; of his. own to keep him in a good position on onr stage 1 without going out ef his way. to,, xnako that position. Of the Japanese I do not know that I have anything, more to say than I havo already said.' ^Th^.;are'vWi-4Mfally|| clover,' and, as regards more manual dexterity, they put 'to shame most of- ourprofessed acro bats. Their power of balancing seems to be' unparalleled, and their Various; feats are always rewarded by the hearty applause of the audience.,' :!. ?.?:.. ??:'. ??.?.'. a r ' ...v: !;;..? :..?'.? .: .' 1 Madame Anna ..Bishop has; made' her re-npr( pearance in Melbourne, and she has b^on well ; and most favorably received. Her .voice -dur- ing, all the years she , has , been , 'aviray from us , seems to have lost noneof, its power and sweet ness ; and as to her art, that can never fail her. She has been supported ' by Mr ' Lascelles, a gentleman who is* so clever that he fairly shares with her the honors accorded by the audience. ;He seems to have-'almosta multiplicity of voices, all of which he uses with equal skill. ' - . Mr Gourlay, the clever Sootoh comedian, has been doing a short season at the : 'Poly teohnio Hall, in whioh he has not been well supported by the. public. It is his intention ? shortly to return to. England, ; .and it . is to be hoped that he will not be .permitted, to de part TOthout Boine recognition being ,made of \- his. talents. '. ... . ?. ... . ,.....,..-.?... j Mrs Walter Hill took ' a benefit at tie Duke of Edinburgh theatre last evening, and I was' ? glad to see that there was a ' largo attendance' iqf the public. This lady's husband has1 baen disabled (from active work lor a very long period, and it is feared that he will never ' again be ablevto resume his old position on the ? ' stage. That Mrs Hill should, draw a fall house : is one thing, but that Bhe)should get a fair share -of .the proceeds! is. another. Last evening, throngh the liberality of the management, the ' share allotted to her. was a half clear of the ? gross receipts. '', . , , ' '.' .'..'.''' ' . Mr Stark seems to have created a favorable ;impreS8ibn'in! BaUatat.-^ |The Coitner speaks thus of' his first appearanoe :— Mr Stark com-' ? menced his engagement .last night (Monday) at the Theatre Royal, in Bulwer's celebrated drama of ' Bichelieu.' . It is no exaggeration to say that few actors of the present age can rival Mr. Stark in this grand impersonation. . Bringing out in hold relief all the . lights and shades of character presented by: this master minded statesman, Mr Stark displays a dramatio power which no . actor on the English stage of the present day can be said to excel. .Nothing could exceed the pathos ; with which he invested the more humanising ' Boenes of. the' play, or the vigor' and deter-' mination he threw1 into those parts where ; sterner resolves prevail; The interview withJ - : his ward (history .will ihave it that Juliei \vas Kiohelieu's .daughter), t where: devoted tender-: 1 ness throws the aegis of , protection around atx; 1 object ; which shared .his, amor -patrie; .Ma. 1 efforts to defeat, the conspirators,: ,his ; delight ? in seeing the happiness of Julie. attained,, jhip. dignified humiliation when power slips from his grasp, and 'fids delight when Ifortune eh- ' , ahles him to turn the tide 6f 'power in - his ' ffivor-ieaoh and' all 61 these varied ^phases' , were' presented in such delightful ' cblb'ra ad ': to stamp ; Mr Stark as: a highly finished - 'actor ' ? and elocutionist. Perhaps- the highest point , of , dramatio excellence 'is ;; attained by Mr Stark, in the third act, where Richelieu's murder is . , threatened ; and in the ,' fourth, , where, to save' Julie from the. king's love, he throws around her 'the saorea ^irole' of . the bhuroh. There' was a power in 'Mr Stark's : acting in these'two passages 'of' the :drama' which'- invested the! scenes with' au' amount :6f ' : grandeur, as real dramatic ability alone could . infuse into'them.r -In the final act' Mr Stark's acting w*3 equally fine. ?.! ; His' iUness before,' and- redoubled vigor after,1 the despatch was found, which discomfited his enemies and re stored him , to power, made;up a mpHfc.effeotive scene 1 as showing how '; the, mind , can, ^nder.. existing circumstances, subdue the body to its willf ;, It' is al'mosk , needle'sSi to add that. Mr Starli was frequently; and warmly 'applauded '; or perhaps that at the close of four, out of the' five acts he was compelled to appear before, the curtain, in obedience ,to loud oalle to this.end. Mr 'Stark' was admirably supported by Mr J. Rayn'er, Mr C. Miran, Mr ' Musgrave, Miss Madeline Stuart, and Miss Blanche Grey ; Miss Stuart; playing the, part , of Julie with great ; taste,' and Miss Grey making an excellent page! The house was well attended, and to judge by the impression made by Mr Stark last night, his engagement in Ballarat promises to be a great success. ....,-, ..; ,,.,';- .:. 1 Oi Monday Mr Montgomery appeared in SdD(3hnr*'(; as Hamlet. The Advertlsti sayB of the performance, ?' truly enough, t'bat it spectator could ? fancy it was a reading of; the part he was iietening to instead of , seeing the tragedy on the stage. Of the other charac-. ters Miss Frances Brown, altb.ouft.lr hardly equal in all respects to .the part of . Ophelia, was,, altogether, vory; fair. Mr Brown's First Gravedigger was exceedingly humo rdug. Mr Noble, a? the King, was fully equal - to many performers of the;, same character.^ and, MrCartor's Ghost , .suffi ciently impressive. - ? Auiolycus; 