THE METROPOLIS. [Written expressly for the Southern Araus.\ Adelaide, March 5. Tbjs is the seventh day of the spell of hot weather we should have had in January, and as 10 days is the orthodox duration of this earthly purgatory, we expect a termination of our torments on Sunday next. Variety, as a rule, may be pleasing, but the alteration between north winds and Adam Bay sultri ness is anything but agreeable. We seem at last to be getting into the election agitation ; the town is quiet, but in the suburban and country districts meetings are being held. It is to be. feared the final result will be anything but gratifying to lovers of their country. The places of old politicians are likely to.be filled up by flighty adventurers, local clodhoppers, and men of battered public reputation. Meanwhile the great land question that was to have been triumphantly settled by the coining Parliament is being sacrificed. Districts that have declared most loudly for land reform are supporting men who state plainly that they are opposed to any material alteration of the present, system. Some of the oandjdates before the country are net in favor of a change, but possibly may. see reasons tc. alter thair views, the cause that would act most potently with them being of course the fear of losing office, or being in a minority. Seme would introduce a scheme that would^ mom than the present system, favor the iandshark and put the farmer if possible in a worse position than at present ; some play fast, and loose with the subject altogether j and some profess to advocate reform but do not expound their method of dealing with the waste lands. All this results from two causes — the paucity of persons able cr willing. to. incur the expense and loss of time necessarily connected with Parliamentary life, and the want of organi sation amongst the electors. The former difficulty might be met to a great extent had those earnest in the land question combination and a settled, mode cf action, for then candi dates would be sought out and introduced to constituencies. Many persons would compete for Parliamentary honors did they feel tolerably sure of success, though they wculd not relish the idea of defeat, combined with the expense of a hotly contested election. Organisation should be considered essential to the triumph of any. reform movement, aad for the want of it at this critical time the country will suffer for years to come. What is called the Reform Af teiation, with its protectionist folly, may manage to secure a few seats, simply from want of opposition, but had there been a land reform league, well organised, and with branches in every district, the friends of things as they are would. have been in a miserable minority, and we migfct have seen a really beneficial Land Act passed next session. The first election meeting since my last was at Uuley, on Thursckiy evening, February 27, where the Attorney- General and Mr. Murray met the electors of Sturt. Mr. Andrews thought the great question of the day was the land question, and he was opposed to the system of deferred payments. He thought the system might be changed, so that a farmer might secure 320 or 64.0 acres, but how this end was to be attained he did not particularly poiut out. Deferred pay ments and reduction of the pries of . land would ruin the property of the colony. This is a string upon which so many small politicians harp. What property will be ruined ? Will selling an acre of land at Mo«quito Plains reduce the value of Waler house's corner. Augas Park property the rich land about Mount Gambier? Mr. Andrews believed in the Dutch auction system. He did not think he should be tied down to any particular scheme. He would approve of any system that would put the farmer on the land at its market price. What is the market price? In the House Mr. Andrews would say the highest price it would fetch at auction, and tbat would take to the landsharks and I drive intending agriculturists out cf the colony. ! With reference to relieving distressed farmers, Mr. Andrews arrived at the not. very difficult conclusion that unless it could be ehowa that j farmers wanted seed-wheat it would be bad ! policy to supply them with it. The j Northern Territory he considered an important | question that demanded serious consideration. : If he thought it advisable to spend another £40,000 or a'50,000 in surveyiu? the land he ; would recommend that it should be done ; if ? not — why he would'nt. The land order j holders were entitled to their land or money, j and if they settled on the land they would be. I entitled to Government protection. He j should have liked to have been in a position to have told them the Government policy in . that matter, but he could not da so. How ever we will pass on to Mr. Murray, whose opinions on the land question, if slightly open to the objection of vagueness, were somewhat compendiously expressed. He thought the present system required much altering ; he was not prepared tw say which system he would support, but he would honestly say that he would support that which would be most beneficial to the colony. The Northern Territory purchasers must have their land or their money. Both candidetes were out and out free-traders. The electors, after these eminently and equally satisfactory addresses and explanations, carried a resolution in favor of Mr. Andrews, and negatived one proposed on behalf of Mr. Murray. The previous evening Mr. Glyde (Treasurer) and Mr. Cavenagh met their constituents at Salisbury. Mr. Glyde disapproved of deferred pay ments, but supported the Dutch auction. Eespecting =eed-wheat to the farmers, he believed the Government wete acting upon the soundest principles of political economy. The Government intended, if possible, to survey the land in the Northern Territory within twelve months. Strange that Mr. Glyde should be able to give this explicit explanation of the in tentions of the Cabinet, while his colleague at the Sturt meeting knew nothing about the matter. However, this is not an unparalleled specimen of ministerial harmony. Mr. Cavenagh discoursed upon shrivelled graiD, and regretted that he had so much property in Yatala. He disapproved of deferred pay - mente, but maintained that a man t-hould be allowed to purchase C40 acres in one block. He was opposed to payin? back the moaey to the holders of Northern Territory land orders, because when they purchased they knew it was a speculation. They must have been most unmitigated blockheads if they paid down £90,000 for land on the understanding that it was a mere speculation whether they ever get an acre or not. Both candidates were opposed to the repeal of Sutherland's Act, and condemned capital punishment. Since this meeting a Mr. Pirt has come into *be field, and last night all the candidatea addreBsed the electors at Smithfield, when resolutions were passed unanimously in favor of the sitting candidates. At East TorrenB , on Friday Messrs. Fisher and Finaiss ad dressed the electors of that enlightened and respectable district. Mr. Fisher's expression of opinion relative to the Government policy on the Northern Territory question was characteristic, and showed1 that he had profited by bis eolonial experience. 'He believed that it was not the intention of the Govern ment to eurvey the land, but that they made a show of doing so, with a view afterwards of making the public pay for it.' He would repeal Sutherland's Act, suspend Government immigration, and amend the land lawe. He would support ' protection in a qualified sense' to encourage native industries, and because he believed that ' protection,' or, in Dther words, putting a duty on an article, reduced its price. The great joke, however, was the appearance of' Mr. Finniss as an out and out reformer, seeing eye to* eye with the friend of a shackled trade.. Mr. JTinniss -was not in the least fettered by his antecedents, - though he was perfectly ready to be bound by pledges. He ran coupled- with Fishar,. and 6aid distinctly tbat the senior candidate 'had not taken up a point in which he did. not concur with. him., and in fact with all Wb views he was prepared to. go with him.' This state ment was greeted- with cheers, and cries of 'Bravo Finniss.' How, .grateful must be such applause! The free and independent of East Torrens expelled your friend Mr. Neville Biythfor honesty, and put Mr. Fisher in his placr, and nowthey are sending in Mr. Finniss to keep him company. Parnobile fratnan. Mr. Finniss agreeing with Mr. Fisher in everything, I need net give, his opinions ia detail, though I may mention that he considers, it wotiid, be his duty to. his constituents tc, take office in the Ministry should opportanity offer, and that he would have so objection to , get back the money: he has invested in the Northern Territory, with ,6 per csnt. interest. The Hon. John Baker proposed Mr. Finniss as. a fit and. proper person to represent the district, and gave as. one reason for. doing so that Mr, Finniss'A. opinions on protection as privately expressed to himself were different from thope avowed; to the meeting. After thi6, a. motion ,in the ex-Government Reuident's favor was carried by acclamation, with only one dissentient. The meeting was unanimously in favor of Mr. Fisher. At Blumberg, on the 2nd instant, there was aa election meeting, when four candidates put in an appparanee personally, and a fifth was proposed ic the person. of the old member Mr. Arthur Blyth, whom it is wished bv some electors to return . with the idea of getting a session's leave of absence for him. Mr. U?.y addressed the meeting upon hia land system, urging that a bonsi fide agriculturist should be able to Belect his laud, pay down his deposit, and go to work at once. He denounced the Dutch suction in no measured terras, and could 6ay little better for purchase by tender. Mr. Alfred Hardy was . in iav.sr of free selection and deferred pay ments, and waged mortal war against the auction system. Mr. E. Ward was in deadly enmity with sale by suction, and his main. difference with Mr»- Iiay's. scheiue con sisted in urging: that the land should ; be valued before being thrown open for selection. Mr. C. Rohertsca thought the sale of Crown Lands might be carried farther out. He dtsagre.^d- with, free trade and free distillation, scud was an advocate. for tollbars near Aoelnide.. A- .show of hands wae I taknn with the following result : — Hav, 24 ; Ward, 12; Blyth, 10; Hardy, 9; Robert son, 2. The. same evening, at Riverton, there . was a meeting of the electors of Light, where, after a sjood deal of bucolic jabber, Messrs. J, Hart, T. Giles, and D. Sbaanon .were men tioned as likely men ; but it was finally agreed to appoint a Committee to communicate with . those gentlemen, and any others that might wish to become, candidates, with a view of ascertaining, their political opinions. Air. Joseph Fisher has been asked to stand for the Burra, but has declined. Mr. H. K. H-ughes has advocates in. the same quarter. Messrs. Santo (Commissioner of Public Works) and Richard Chaffey Baker are ambitious of repre senting Barossa. The. address of the latter gentleman is a very washy extract of that of Mj. Isaacs, who is ret. much heard of now in connection with the district, the press ignoring him, probably on account of his ignoring the . press; and as he. things it superfluous to . address the electors '.viva. wet, his chances of success are not very brilliant. Bower and 1 osrlin £.re the favorites for the Port, while in various parts of the country a nauiber of ' village Hampden's ' are determined tfeet their names shall not for ever rot in oblivion. Mr. C. S. Hare, with his veraciou3 American experiences, will noon appear upon th«? scene. How far Mr. Bright's chances jn Stanley are affected by bia ud happy differences with .the press I cannot say ; but I need net .pile up the agony upon him, for almost every, pennya liner in the. country kas *' improved the occasion.' The deputation on the 28ih ult. of Southern residents to the Commissioner of Public Works was well received, and informed that the Central Road Board, would have £23,000 to expend in the South this year.; and that if that did not afford sufficient employ ment tc farmers for their teams t$ey must travel North to the railways in course of con struction. If we should have dull times when the railways are finished, and the £2,500,000 spent, what snail we do then? The only answer can be that Australia 'is all before us where to choose.' Coppin has come with a flourish of trumpets, but finds his speculation not so bright as be could wish. The. first night . he. opened , with ' Hamlet,' Mr. Anderson taking the part of « Hamlet.' The Hall was crowded- in all parts, but of those who were there but a small proportion paid a second visit ; and on the two . following nights there was not a fourth of the number that attended at the opening of .the season. Mr. Anderson's ' Hamlet ' is very indifferent. There is plenty of attitude, decla mation, and passion; but he utterly fails to present the unhappy Prince, in his varied humors. He certainly .speaks in a lower .or higher key at. different parts of the scener, but manner and delivery are much the same, whether, ?? Hamlet ' is^ furious or calm, whether he is subtle and plotting, or has thrown off all disguise and gives the reins to the fiercest, denunciations ; whether, bantering and sarcastic, or in a sentimental or philosophic mood. He bellows on. the stage as his uncle, retreats irom the actor's poisoning scene, in stead of giving utterance to his feelings of triumph in subdued though thrilling tones.. The play of' Hamlet ' without Hamlet is pro verbially unsatisfactory, and when the leading character is utterly distorted the result is not much more gratifying. In l* Othello/* Mr. Anderson was successful, thongh there was rather too much solemnity and attitudinising, and too much exercise of a very fine voice, the deep long- drawn tones often sounding like distant thunder, or the subdued roar of a lion. Miss St. Denis, who made such a hit here last season, played both Ophelia and Desdemona very well. Greville met with an enthusiastic reception, and made comedy of everything, assisting materially to make burlesque of the assassination scene, in which Roderigo, Cassio, and Iago figured. Mr. Holloway made a good Ghost and a ridiculous Iago. Mrs. Holloway has acted well hitherto, and Mr. Lawrence succeeded as Cassio. For the rest, who have as yet appeared, the less we say the better j 1hey area great affliction. We shall enjoy the burlesques and farces better, for the com pany are not equal to Shakespeare. It was impossible to hear much in the Hall on the first night, but since then Mr. Coppin has made alterations above, and at the back of the stage, that have improved the acoustic pro perties of the room. Het much is doing in business. For bread stuffs the demand exceeds the supply. Flour sold on Wednesday at £21, the purchasers wishing they could get more. Quotations are1 — wheat, best samples, 8s. to Ss. 3d. ; do., inferior, from 3s. upwards ; flour, £19- to .£21. 