CELADON. (FROM THE GENTLEMAN'S MAGAZINE.) n*\\*AaB ' He of the arple cheek °°;M girl eye.? Nay, but he had a n.iT.toboth in tenderness and strength, Ar J might have played in life a hero's part. n £ved the Marquise with the radiant hair, BeBrigh1^itb Aat moonlight tiotof virgin .old : He loved her « a Bayard might have loved, - The story U a sad one, simply told. The rwng West had flamed itself to dust, And throbbed in dying embers, as he lay Bevond the satin smoothing of her robe : His face a ghost's, and yet his laugh was gay. she did not mark the trouble in his eyes, Or how he stifled agony in jest ; u«t -he was quick to note when, as he rose, B There fell a crumpled letter from his breast ! ,l. ,2W it, and she saw the furtive snatch That follow'd. 'Do you bring me & sur A jSe^lucent verse ? ?' He closed his A letterj and he hid it from her eyes ! ii ? Ti- nothing— nothing.' ' Show it me, she -| Ido not doubt, but ? ' Back her hand he thrust. T ?? I cannot' 'No? And wherefore!' '.Let m say, Because in love, trnst merits equal trust. tfer bitten lip shot out ' ' Trust merits trust, But I may not be trusted t Is it so 7' ii Tomorrow, if I live or die,' he aaid: Bat she rose up in scorn, and bade him go ! ii And if to-morrow serve, why not to-night T You dare not show it me !' He did not speak, Bat gazed at her dismayed, and groaned, and Nor saw her swoon, nor heard her stifled shriek. 1)1 wearily dragged on the summer night, Till the low clouds let in a sullen dawn : The Marquise had not slept, and now she VoicM and footsteps on the shaven lawn, And darted to her window. , There, beneath, Lay Celadon, and from a wound there welled Hii heart's-Uood j but, rtuttigbWy in the clutch Of his dead hand, the letter yet he held ! That showed her alL Showed that a sneering Bad made a Salon merry with her name, Tfll Celadon had soornl the slanderer's face With a red wilt,— and so a challenge oame. That letter held it ! He had known his fate. Known there had come an end of love and youth, Yet had lain there and jested at her feet, And made her merry, and withheld the truth | 'For if 1 live,' he thought, 'she will not And if I die, too soon her tears will flow ; And it were shame a man's last hours were spent In torturing a loving heart with woe.' So, knowing well the end, be met his fate.: Bearing the pangs of her mistrust he went. It had been his— brave heart I— to dear her Biff1* ! And spare her tear*,— and he was well ' . content William Sawyer. 