ATTEMPTED ASSASSINATION OF THE DUKE OF EDINBURGH. PUBLIC MEETING OF CITIZENS. A public meeting of the citizens of Hobart Town, convened by His Worship the Mayor, was held yesterday afternoon at the rear of the Town Hall, to consider the best means of expressing abhorrence and detestation of the late murderous outrage upon the Duke of Edinburgh in Sydney, and their sympathy with His Royal Highness in his sufferings, inflicted by the hands of traitors and assassins. The announcement of the meeting called forth the utmost enthusiasm on the part of the citizens, and at an early period of the day placards were posted on most of the shops of the city, announcing that they would he closed at 1-30 p.m. After that hour the streets of the city were deserted, the shops, stores, and offices were all closed, and the city were completely the aspect of mourning. At 2 o'clock, the hour appointed for the meeting, hundreds of persons made their way to the Town Hall, where a detachment of the city police were stationed, who informed them that the demonstration would be held on the vacant piece of land at the rear. Here a platform had been erected at the foot of the flagstaff, and on the staff floated the corporation banner. While the meeting was gathering from all quarters of the city, in front of this erection, the members of the government and many of the leading citizens, proceeded to the Mayor's room to await the arrival of His Excellency the Governor, who was to preside on the occasion. Among those present were His Honor the Chief Justice, the hon. the Premier, the hon. Attorney-General, and the hon. the Treasurer, the Lord Bishop of Tasmania and his chaplain, the Revd. H. B. Bromby, the Roman Catholic Bishop and his chaplain, the Rev Daniel Beechinor the Ven. Archdeacon Davies, His Worship the Mayor of Hobart Town and the Aldermen of the city, the Sheriff, and many leading members of both Houses of Parliament, heads of departments, and of different religious, denominations. His Excellency the Governor accompanied by his Private Secretary, Captain Steward, arrived at the Town Hall shortly after two o'clock, and was received by His Worship the Mayor, who conducted him to the platform. His Excellency having taken a seat at the table provided for the chairman, the voices of theentiroaudionco spontaneously burst forth in the opening verse of the National Anthem, and at the close of the singing joined in three further enthusiastic rounds of cheering. The Mason (the hon. J. M, Wilson) came forward amidst renewed cheering, and said his first duty was to call on the Town Clerk to read the notice conven- ing the meeting. The Town Clerk would now do so. The Town Clerk, Mr. Wilkinson. read the notice as follows :-" Public meeting. The Mayor of Hobart Town hereby convenes a public meeting of citizens, to be held at the Town Hall, on Thursday next, the 19th March, 1868, at 2 o'clock p.m., to consider the best means of expressing their abhorrence and detes- tation of the late murderous outrage upon the Duke of Edinburgh in Sydney, and their sympathy with His Royal Highness in his sufferings inflicted by the hands of traitors and assassins. James Milne Wilson, Mayor. Town Hall, Hobart Town, 17th March, 1868.' The conclusion of the notice was received with applause, followed by three most enthusiastic cheers for the Prince. The Mayor said he had now to request that they would by acclamation beg of His Excellency to take the chair. (Vehement and prolonged cheering, and a voice " Hoist the Union Jack over him.") Mr. Fysh : As soon as it can be procured His Excellency having taken the chair, cries were raised of up with the Union Jack," which continued for some moments. . Sir CHAIRMAN said that two Union Jacks had been sent for, and would be produced presently. His Excellency repeated the l announcement to the meeting. His Excellency then rose and standing and covered, spoke as follows: - This meeting has been convened to consider the best means of expressing our abhorrence and detestation of the late murderous outrage upon the Duke of Edinburgh in Sydney, and our sympathy with His Royal Highness in the sufferings inflicted on him by the hands of traitors and assassins. (Applause.) When a murder is committed there is usually some strong excit- ing motive: revenge, lust, avarice, fear of detection, have all led, and will probably continue to lead men to the commission of this crime. But I do not remember over to have heard of a murder committed without provocation, and for no possible advantage to any cause or to any person. (Applause.) The Queen of England reigns so entirely in the hearts of her subjects that, when her name is mentioned, it is considered little short of impertinent to add eulogy to it. (Applause.) So devoted is she to her people that she has placed her second, perhaps her favourite son in the navy, well knowing that, if opportunity offers, he will gladly expend his life in their service (Applause.) scarcely has he reached maturity than she sends him out, a messenger of good will to these colonies. Simple in his habits, disliking state, perfectly unassuming, and a thorough sailor, the Duke of Edinburgh neither cares for nor interferes in politics and as the Prince of Wales has children, his death could in no way i advance the views or wishes of any political party in or out of England, but if compassed, us was intended, it would have brought shame and sorrow on a great and a loyal people. (Protraotod applause.) Yes ! This royal messenger, proving by his presence the love and good will of our Queen, went as a guest to a monster festival, moaning, in the joyousness of his heart, toshtirointhogouerulamusement. Fullofhoalth and spirits, he was accompanied by a young and lovely woman, the wife of the Governor. Was it that the bastard quailed before a fearless eye ? Or was it that he could not look on faces sparkling with life and pleasure, and then commit a cruel murder ? We know not, but the cowardly assassin shot him behind his back ! (Yehoinont and prolonged applause.) England, Ireland, Scotland, and America will join in executing this dastardly crime, and it is because Tasmania desires to lift up her voice in unison with them, and because she wishes to express her gratitude to the Almighty for the Duke's providential escape that we have met to-day. Gentlemen, it is for you to say how this can best be done, and I call upon His Worship the Mayor to propose to you a resolution on the subject. (Applause.) At this stage the Union Jacks having arrived the Corporation flag was taken down, and one of them hoisted in its place, the Corporation flag being exhibited immediately beneath it. As the flags were being put up a voice in the crowd called out, " Union for over," and the words were received with cheers. The crowd then by another spontaneous impulse burst out again into the first verse of the Anthem, followed by repeated rounds of cheering. The Right Worshipful the Mayor next rose, and said he had now the honor of moving the first resolution to the following effect : "That the citizens of Hobart Town and the colonists of Tasmania generally, have heard with grief and indignation of the attempt to assassinate His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh and desire to place on record a declaration of their abhorrence and detestation of that dastardly and diabolical outrage-." It was difficult to add anything to the words of that resolution. To amplify them would only tend to weaken their force for it conveyed what all those present felt, which was grief and indignation at this act. Need be recall to their memories the occasion when the vessel which bore His Royal Highness to these shores was expected, and the anxiety with which every one in the colony watched for the signal which announced his coming ; the loyal manner in which they received him, and all the demonstrations which proved their attachment to the crown, monarchy, and institutions of the country ? And when His Royal Highness left they all believed that he would carry glad tidings of the qualifications so prominently possessed by the colonists of Tasmania to his mother on the throne. But, alas, that was not permitted to the Royal Duke. He had received by the hands of an assassin a wound from behind, an. act cowardly and dastardly to any individual man, but more especially to a Prince of the blood royal. It was difficult for those present to do anything Save offering as they now did their sympathy to His Royal Highness in the sufferings he now labored under. They all remembered him happy with his smiling face and lively blue eye, with the very expression of the Queen's and where was he now I Laid on a bed of sickness, and suffering tortures from a wound inflicted by the hand of a traitor and a ruffian. He was not surprised at the indignation expressed by the newspapers in the other colonies, when he remembered that the Prince came to the scene of the outrage lulled into confidence by the feeling of security which pervaded all the colonies, for it was not the act of one ruffian, nor of 20 ruffians, which could disturb that security. (Loud applause.) That must he sustained by the efforts of the inhabitants, who must and could put down all attempts at assassination, or any attempts even to sympathise (vehement applause) with those who were concerned in it. (Applause.) Still he would say it would be wrong in them at the present moment to denounce against any particular section of mon any not of treason or murder. When the case of this execrable ruffian was investigated by a court of law, and such means as the government had at tlioiroommand,thon itwouldbo for people here to judge how I'm- he was associated with others in the colonies, but us true British subjects let them hope that there was no dissatisfaction here, and that Tasmanians would trample under foot those who would dare to sympathise with the act of a ruffian, who had brought disgrace, not only on a colony, but on the nation. As chief magistrate of the city he was there to affirm that a more loyal, generous, and sympathetic community did not exist than the people of Tasmania, and he was sure he would be borne out in that by the testimony of the Governor, whom they all respected, As true British subjects they loved the constitution, respected the monarchy, and looked upon the Queen as part and parcel of the State. They sympathised with the Prince in this humiliation to the colonies, and felt deeply for the Queen, who, when the sad intelligence reached her, would be comforted, we might be, by knowing that true Australian colonists would always sustain in her the head and front of the institutions which must for ever keep Englishmen and colonists together as brethren. They would never permit any act, whatever it might be, to interfere with those principles which history AT for the throne of England, and the prospects for the children of their Sovereign. (Zenkner would not trespass longer on their time as a, gentlemen were as anxious as he was to offer nW vations to the meeting. He felt, in common as those present, the utmost sympathy with the r<*S tion he had read, and he now moved its LATE (Prolonged applause.) T mi^ The Right Rev. Dr. Murphy said he was and there was not one in that large and respect assemblage that did not concur heart and soul in £7 sentiments expressed in the resolution as proposed! the meeting. (Applause.) Had it pleased the AI might to remove by sickness or by accident H in the Duke of Edinburgh whilst he was a visitor,' i those shores an universal feeling of sorrow wLj have been created at such an event, but this diabolical attempt was made to cut him offinV flower of his age, and whilst he was our my cherished guest (loud applause) it excited among? every one of them feelings of intense horror. (AnnUml and brave.) It was an outrage on the laws of 6d which commanded loyalty and obedience to our two reign and superiors, an outrage upon the use of society, which provided that each out! should preserve the peace and prosperity of Cadell and the lives of its members (applause), and an oS' rage on the sacred rights of hospitality (annkuS which the colonists had been exercising is the beloved son of their beloved Queen, who for that time had visited their shores, and expected to derive from his visit feelings of pleasure and joy which k could carry home, and communicate to the heat of his beloved mother. (Applause). WhonintelliienM of this melancholy news reached town, he had so that the whole community was shaken to its m. centre, shocked by the atrocious deed, but if one be some comfort to know that the precious life a His Royal Highness had been spared, and that W strong hopes, were entertained" of his perfection very. (Applause) He need not say much more the subject, and he know many eloquent speaker, would address them much better than he could but he wished to add his concurrence in all that H Worship the Mayor had said as to the feeling "of loyalty entertained by the entire people" Australia, (not only those of Sydney and Victor but also those of the delightful island of Tindill ' He was sure there was not a person amonssttti million of people who now resided in these Solons who did not agree in the sentiments expressed in the resolution, and fool the strongest grief and indignation at the attempt to assassinate H.R.H. the Dub 7f Edinburgh. (Prolonged applause.) His Excellency- put the resolution, asking that if there was any single man in the meeting who on jected to it that person would hold up Khans (Laughter.) l The resolution was then carried amidst scheme cheering. Sir R. Dry, who oncoming forward was received with loud cheers said that he had the honor of her called upon to propose the second resolution to the great and influential meeting. It was as follows . "That this meeting desires to convey to Her Most Gracious Majesty the Queen a renewed aunnuSj the loyal devotion of the citizens of Hobart Towzey of the colonists of Tasmania to Her Majesty's times and person, and of their affectionate interest and happiness and well being of Her Majesty's aural family." ^ He wished that on that occasion he had the Iuaiol their friend the Mayor, for then they would bess, to hear the tow remarks he was about to Cabinet that they were worth hearing of themselves but that he thought every incident of a meet' it, they were engaged in was of importance. He would however, make the most of his strength, forgathered his weakness, to render himself audible. He had frequently had the honor of addressing public meetings, both in this and other parts of Tasman's, but he could sincerely say it had never fallen to billet to address an assemblage under such painful circumstances pain both to the speaker and to the listeners - as upon the present occasion. It was with feelings of such deep humiliation u scarcely accorded with the tone in which he was endeavouring to speak that he found that the name of Australia, or of auypartofAustralu, should be associated with a crime such as had just been committed, or attempted to be committed in one of the neighbouring colonies. Let them look for a moment on the circumstances under which that crime was attempted, and he ventured to assert that it wnsunparalleledintbo atrocity of its circumstances and in the cold-blooded and brutal manner in which it was attempted to he carried out. He was certain there was not a man in the island who did not sympathise with and agree in the forcible language in which their friend, the Mayor, had just addressed them. Not many months ago the Queen of England one of the most powerful monarchs in the world, whose reign had been a reign of peace, so far as it could be maintained, and also of charity's sovereign standing blameless in her walk of life is a monarch, and a woman, a monarch, revered aub at home and in the colonies (applause saw (it asia act of goodwill to request her own son to come to Australia as a guest, and mix as a subject amongst his fellow subjects. (Applause). It was not many weeks since they had met to receive and retain him. They all remembered that the demonstration of loyalty on that occasion were unmistakeable, and no doubt His Royal Highness and those who were with him left those shores most favorably impressed with the welcome given to him, for he (Sir R Dry) excepted no country under heaven when he said that no people. were more devotedly loyal than those of Tasmania. (Applause). He (Sir. It. Dry) had been born in the colony, he had mixed with all classes in it, and he made no exception on earth when he claimed that honor for them. Under these circumstances I they were as loyal as he believed, and knew them to be, and if they had received, so lately a Prince of the blood royal and shown to him such loyal devotion to the throne of his mother, how was it that they were met so soon for so different a purpose, iii again to declare their loyalty to that throne of They had already been informed of the painful circum stances, and he would not attempt to describe to them the detestation and horror he felt, and which every man must feel, he did not care of alienation, at the deed which had been attempted to 15 per. protested. That does shocked the common humanity of all men, and it was of no use mixing up politics with the matter, for there was no class of men who would not join in denouncing the atrocity. It was not a class question ; it was one which appealed to every feeling of manhood which operates within the breasts. He asked now what was the cause-Ill sorrowful cause which brought them together This young Prince had come amongst us in the sacred character of a ghost, and even nations which is looked upon as uncivilised, or even, as battling regarded that character as sufficient to protect the persons and the property of those who enjoyed it (Applause). But very light footing had been violated, and one miscreant find stamped a dance upon Australians, which could scarcely be wiped and which he feared would be associated with the name of the people of Australia for a long period is come. He was now about to say a thing which had never said before in his life. He had always been and he trusted he always would be a lawless man, but he did believe that if in this can the law had been violated, and the man taken ret handed from this attempt at murder had the lynched on the spot it would have been a good thing, and had a good effect. (Applause would have been but a proper expression of the va dignation and disgust felt by the large -sseinhhgj who saw the cowardly act done, (Appila)- I would also have had another effect. It would be prevented a dastardly and cowardly felon of the deepest dye from trying to pervert his act, anden vouring to make himself appear a hero. Hetem now call himself a patriot, and he (Sir R. Dry) grieved to say that even in England the perpetrators of outrages of a similar character found sympathiser in positions which ought to place them for about jay such fooling!). He hardly believed, however, that this colony, or in any other part Australia, persons could be found who can sympathise with this man when he went to the lows, us he was certain to do. (Applause.) In cases mercy was a mistake, and if the strong and the law had been used in England at the pref time the blood of hundreds and thousands wools-" been saved. (Applause.) They found politeness England who sympathised with such acts, Butler sons who sympathised were positively worse than" actualoriminaU,forthoycouldnotploadthoigio»na which the criminals could plead. As had been W said.thoso sympathisers wounded men on both in of the precipice, and then retired in Meeting "j candid about morality. Vengeance in ""J '"¡j"" it been prompt and followed close "PAID '?? I would have had a good effect ; but it would s" so now. It would have been well when Mr J majesty justify the taking of inc -2-? -??,. that life be spared. (Slight expressions of rum He repeated that no evidence could be used'" British subjects respected the law, and "of their judgments were clear and they soon is no excuse on that ground now not the 1»*J» as it would, it must be observed and rcqwWMK plause.) He had already said more than" intended, for there were occasions when time . more eloquent than words, and perhaps one of loss it would have had more effect, ("no, no, the necessity was upon him of saying "was in expression of his indignation, and we began to speak at such a time he spoke mostly", intended. The occasion was one of deep struck humiliation, and he felt, he assured thorny language could express the regret he said but it was a relief to give expression to tactics which he know were shared by every colons-, would never forgot his feelings when he as a of the occurrence. He was riding down Essex-street and when he arrived at JM VRC Office he heard of such an escape told.. a, mile, but he disbelieved it, until he was print. He had already said that »»°n.M.fVL|isi times more eloquent than words, Imshi" If was eloquence in silence it was on that cow -I met thousands of the citizens whose faces e the humiliation they experienced a great, '" j), nature could be capable of such an MV«nW¡ tat that the not should have been Wessels, midst of the colonies of which Tasmania on. part. (protracted applause.) , ?«,,&#, The Hon. T. WiiYTK.whowasrocoivod»T is said that in seconding the resolution term was altogether unnecessary for him was" meeting at any length, as he could only late in, the arguments already put before them. \- W. """ shootings animated all their breasts, as Arrow for the Prince deep sympathy Mdlle now In and detestation for the miscreant was murder the Duke of Edinburgh. ,tohsd»tte»Ffa".nhour hB could not say more I taSlfct »" hour hB COUld not far more freely There would be addresses to the Queen ll"nL-'0 proposed, which he was certain em ago Ants of everybody present. (Ap ^¡T'Ln T. D. Chapman, in rising to propose the -j nation said the gentlemen who had pro third.^'"W^'laedso ably and be fully the ^ilÄnUoltho citizens of Hobart Town may painful subject on which they had 'T Tbeyhod also given expression to their sincere "LL ran Queen and throne of England, and also Poynter horror? and abhorrence of the frightful to-toAbóTLn directed against the person mf\umofHR- H. the Duke of feeling for (Loud cheers.) But they had another duty S for that day, and it devolved upon them to \ZIb with him in this resolution : Missing desires to. convey to H.R.H. the Tuai tun' " . . ""555 of profound sorrow EAS that This life should have been "uhr the band of a traitorous assassin, while His good cheer was the guest of Australia, and of the ÄriouTsympathy with His Royal Highness a5 pains and sufferings, occasioned by that execrable as knew of no event in the history of his country I Yeh he believed was so calculated to create ' ! nest feeling of sorrow among the people as Lt event of which he was now called upon to sink (Hear, hear.) His Royal Highness had lately E J Rust among them ; he was received amongst Ewth a hearty welcome, and he had left their homes for another colony, and shortly to convey to His Majesty the Queen in person the tidings that Germans were unsurpassed in their loyalty to the throne of England by any British people. No sooner had he left those shores than he was attacked by the cowardly assassin, perhaps to be deprived of his life n was Satisfactory that the news which had been Lived led them to hope that his life would be Tmo. He sincerely hoped it would be so and he was sure all present would unite in the expression of the hope and the prayer that his life might be spared, -that he might be spared not only to return to the United Kingdom, but that v glasses yet pay them one more visit on his way. (Loud cheers.) He said not only that his life !iiiehtl!o spared to return home, but that he might again visit Tasmania, and receive their reassurances of devoted loyalty and affection for himself, his Queen mother, and the members of his family. (Tremendous cheering.) He was glad to say that this event was not at all improbable. (Continued cheering.) By the latest telegram from Sydney which had been notified to them it was stated that if the benefit of change of air was neces- or he might again visit Tasmania. (Loud cheers.) He felt sure that if this should be the case, those present would agree with him in saying that he would receive a warm and a hearty welcome. (In- mense cheering.) He was quite sure that all present would co-operate with him in that resolution, and that it would be passed unanimously. He need say no more than to ask them to pass the resolution unanimously, expressing their wish for His Royal Highness' speedy return to health, and their condolence with him in his afflictions. (Loud cheers.) The Rev. John Stowe said he could not hope to add to the impression which prevailed there, nor could he hope to give greater expression to the feelings that were at present agitating and uniting together that vast crowd ; but the fact that the attempt to assassinate had been made in the face of the open day, the attempt to assassinate in the midst of a peaceful multitude, with no political excitement, or fire of burning passion stirring the blood, was a fact to novel in an English land, so new amongst British people, that it almost made dumb the speech of a British nan. (Cheers.) But the attempt to assassinate s young man rising in the very dawn of life, not yet enabled by the deeds of active life, who has not yet attained to historic fame, the attempt to assassinate a young man who has kept himself scrupulously free from political connection and agitation, the attempt to assassinate a young man in the midst of a festive occasion, to which he had been invited to enjoy the hospitality of their fellow colonists, the attempt to assassinate a young man in cold blood on the sole ground that he is the son of the Queen of this English Jundah said such a M excited feelings of mingled shame and horror within the breasts of every man, and they were met on that occasion to give those feelings utterance (loud cheers.) If it be the case and he trusted in God it was not the cocoanut it it was the case that there was existing in the land a conspiracy, composed of men combined in some cause, which could deliberately contemplate the accomplishment of deeds of such infernal and. unprecedented crime, then, he said, it would certainly come to this, who- ever might be its victims that the population in these lands would rise unanimously, and as one man, to stamp it out of existence with execration. (Loud cheers.) Meanwhile, it remained for them now to raise their united thanksgivings to Almighty God, who had caused this mad crime to fail in its execution It remained for them to convey their assurance to His Royal Highness Prince Alfred, that they in this land, one and all, would rally round him, and if necessary defend, his life with their own. (Loud ' cheers.) And it remained for them to send to their beloved Queen the expression of their deep sorrow and respectful sympathy, the expression of their deep condolence, and, Lastly, the assurance that their prayers (as they had done)wouMu9condtothatgraciousthrono,whosnprovi dence had defended her person until now, that he would be pleased still to defend her Royal person, her family, and her throne to the end. He had much pleasure in seconding the motion. (Loud cheering.) Dr. E. S. Hall now rose and said he could not allow this vote to pass without expressing his sentiments on this occasion. (Hear, hear.) He could not be a silent actor at so important a meeting. (Cheers.) He believed he was the oldest English Catholic in Tasmania. (Cheers, and oh !) He was a Yorkshireman, and his ancestors for generations beyond counting had ever been loyal to their Queen and country. (Loud cheering.) In the past they had fought and bled for England. At Poictiers, ut Flodden, and on many a modern field they had fought for their Queen and country. (Tremendous cheering.) He dared not on that occasion trust his tongue to express the deep emotion that had been fostering in his heart over since he heard of this atrocious attack. (Cheers.) He would fain hope even against his conviction and his judgment, that this was the act of one individual, and that a mailman irresponsible for his acts. (Great cheering, and cries of no, no.) If it should be otherwise, they would have another duty to perform, for which they had met on that occasion. Cheers,) He had already thanked privately their worthy Mayor for his promptitude of action on this subject, enabling them to give expression to the feelings of the loyal colonists, and native in habitants of the colony, but he trusted, that if it should be found that his hopes were disappointed that if a conspiracy to murder did really exist, than that their Mayor would summon them again to take action upon it, and that speedily. He felt sure that all proved and loyal men of every country and creed would come forward in support of their Queen and country. (Loud cheers). He was an old man and a peaceable one, but should the occasion come he should be ready to do as a great Irishman once said, "curry his musket in the face of any man who tried to violate the integrity of the British Empire-." (Tremendous cheering). And while he, spoke these sentiments he might say that he had a stalwart son six foot high who would be ready to tread in his father's footsteps, and who would handle his rifle or his bayonet in the face of any enemy who dared to do so. (Continued cheering.) The resolution was now put, and carried amid ? tremendous excitement. The Hon. A. Kennerley, M.L.C., said he had been called upon as one of their representatives to take part in these proceedings. His duty was a very simple one, it would be to move against the following addresses embodying the fore- going resolutions he signed by the Governor of Tasmania and the Mayor of Hobart Town, on behalf of the colonists and citizens, and that His Excellency be requested to transmit the same by the earliest opportunities to the Secretary of State for the Colonies, and totheOovoruorof New South Wales for presentation to Her Majesty and to His Royal Highness respectively This was in fact simply to take action upon the resolutions which they had just passed so unanimously. He should think it presumption to say much after all that had been said, still he thought he might venture to say a word or two. He felt Weekly the occasion which had called them together, and he could hardly trust himself to express his feelings. He found in one of the morning papers a statement which was likely to cause some uneasiness ; no means a statement made in The Mercury of that day'. The editor or writer of the article to which he referred was decidedly of opinion that a Fenian organisation was really in existence, not only in the neighboring colonies, but also in this colony. (No, no; yes, yes, and confusion.) He was not prepared to endorse that opinion. (Cheers.) He was not; indeed he could not imagine for one moment that any man, whether an Irishman or not- no sober man could support such a useless and foolish cause, But, he said, if it did exist, if it could be shown in New South Wales that such an organisation did exist (and they would hear in a few days, then it would he time for them to take instant action to check it. He alluded to the addresses of public men at home, and said those who sympathised or professed to sympathise with the movement were the greatest unite, It was those who sympathised with those wen, and called them martyrs, after having per formed actions of the greatest iniquity, those were the men who poisoned the community. (Loud cheers.) If it was the case, it was better that it would, be known. If there was this disease in the "Wy politic, it was better that it should come to the surface. It was to be regretted that this noble young man the son of their beloved Queen, should have been the victim ; but it had better be so, butter is the life and 10in 8aer¡||00ji that they should know ,? worst, they had better know how this thing was being carried On rather than it should he kept it for. ;?'"" over them. However, he could not endorse wa opinion of The Jinny upon this point. They "W'tjortuhily have information upon the matter, inti- hBMnot.Thoro might be some few individuals warm community who could, talk nonsense about the republic of Ireland, and such trash, and who might sympathise with any one who might talk about the patriotism. If they had any such let them exercise it in a legitimate manner. He regretted to see the violent proceedings which were taking place in the mother country, and in Australia ; but Australians were not responsible for it, the responsibility rested with the principals. Fenianism had been initiated in other countries, and introduced into the colonies, and it was the principals and those who inculcated them that bad to answer for this daring calamity. (Cheers.) If they were true to their (union they must also be true to the British constitution. The constitution was that of civil and religious liberty which had been won by Lord martyrs-not counterfeit ones. (Loud cheers). Not by madmen, neither by fanatics mon who had gone to the stake on the principles of truth, and who had sacrificed their lives in a glorious cause. (Continued cheering). The constitution of England was founded on those principles, and he hoped that in those colonies they would find only an endorsement of those principles-the glorious principles of the British constitution as they had existed. (Loud cheers.) If a cause arose let it be decided upon the same principles. There was, however, no cause for dis- union in these colonies. (Loud cheers.) Here all classes and all creeds were equal ; let them then act together here, and don't let them sympathise in any way whatever with such a dastardly cause as that he had been alluding to. He regretted having tres- passed so long upon their time, but he could not resist making these remarks. He would finish by repeating that it was his inward impression at this moment as to any organization existing here that it was not so. If nonsense was talked, it amounted to nothing, it was froth and nothing more ; it could be blown from the top of the pot, and was worth nothing. (Loud cheers.) * ; j The hon. P. O. Fysh (who was received with loud cheering said he was afraid that his vociferous cheering in so good a cause had almost cost him his voice. He should, however, do his best, and he accepted readily the responsibility of seconding the resolution, because he had that same strong feeling of loyalty which they had themselves. (Hear, hear.) Expressions of devoted loyalty seemed natural to Englishmen, they were taught it as children, and in turn they taught it to their children, and they had very good cause for it too. (Loud cheers.) It had given him great pleasure to know that the result of this meeting would after all be such as to cement together more closely all those individuals, whoever they might be, whether Englishmen, Irishmen, or Scotchmen, who lived so gloriously and harmoniously together under the triple flag of Great Britain. (Loud cheers.) It had given him especial pleasure to listen to their friend Dr. Hall. He was a gentleman who evidently spoke from the heart, and they might hope that if no other good had arisen from this diabolical act, there would be one good, that it would conform more closely those holy bonds of matrimony which already existed between the individuals of the three countries. (Loud cheers.) It was not long since their noble harbour, upon which they now looked, brought that noble vessel the Galatea bearing His Royal Highness Prince Alfred to their shores. They were then ready to erect arches, and to sing odes of welcome, and to testify their loyalty to their Queen and country. The very fact of standing and looking out upon that harbour now added poignancy, in his mind at least, to the sorrow that he now felt (loudohcors) at having to meet to express sympathy with the same young man who had been struck down by the hand of an assassin. But, thank God, the worst had not happened, as he hoped that the next telegram from Sydney would enable them to rejoice that he was out of danger. (Loud cheers.) And that the Prince whom they all loved, whose life had been endangered by the cowardly assassin and treacherous foe, that Prince whom the assassin had attempted to smite down in his boyish innocence and manly beauty, may yet be preserved to do great good to his country (Loud cheers.) There was a time coming when his services might be wanted, and he hoped that he would be preserved to see that time. That it would please God to preserve him to live a happy life, and that when he died at least that he would die a more glorious death than was designed for him by a traitorous assassin. (Cheers.) There may have been occasions in his youth when in reading over the history of England, he may have felt a sympathy with some particular not connected with assassination ; but if he did feel it, it was only momentary, and in his calmer moments, when he reflected upon the character of the act, notwithstanding what its object might be he could not help feeling that it deserved execration. He had never felt this more strongly than in connection with the history of that heroic and noble woman Charlotte Corday, who sacrificed her own life in trying to rid the world during the reign of terror of the fiendish Murat. While admiring the woman he could not but remember the words of Lamartine when he endeavoured to immortalise her name. The scene footings animated him, and he con and a phrase to suit his purpose, and combined the extremes of admiration and horror-ad- miration of a noble woman and horror at the deed. He styled her the " angel of assassination." There might be some instances as this, where a noble feeling rushed people on to the commission of such an act ; but what parallel was there in a case like this Englishmen, Scotchmen, and Irishmen lived under a sovereign on whose crown and on whose dominions the sun never sets. (Loud cheers.) The son of this Queen was struck down by the assassin's hand, and not only her son, but the son of that great man whose name they had been taught to love and cherish, Albert the Good ; the son of him who was the patron of all good among them, the arts and sciences, who was over ready to advance their country, and was pre-eminently useful to them. It was his son who was struck down, and there was no wonder if an eloquent silence was depicted in the countenances of the people on receipt of the news. He could not give utterance to that which he had felt on the occasion. He would not detain them longer, but he was glad to have an opportunity of seconding the resolution. He read the addresses as follows: - "I To His Royal Highness Prince Alfred Ernest Albert, Prince of Saxe Coburg Gotha, Duke of Saxony, Earl of Ulster, and Km I of Kent, K. G. H. T. &c.; &o.; kc. " May it please your Royal Highness, " We the citizens of Hobart Town and colonists of Tasmania, in public meeting assembled, having heard with grief and honor of the atrocious outrage committed upon your Royal Highness by an assassin, desire to ex- press our abhorrence and detestation of this infamous crime, i " We respectfully offer to your Royal Highness our deep and sincere sympathy in your present sull'iii'iiig« and we earnestly pray that, under the Divine Blessing, your Royal Highness may shortly be restored in health and strength to the service of your country, and protected and preserved for the future from the attacks of traitors and assassins." .. " To the Queen's Most Excellent Majesty " May it please Your Majesty, " We, Your Majesty's loyal and dutiful subjects the citizens, of Hobart Town i mid colonists of Tn-smiiiii,i, in public meeting assembled, beg leave to approach Your Majesty with a renewed assurance of our unabated devotion to Your- Majesty's throne an1; person, an of our affectionate interest in the happiness and well-being of Your Majesty's august family. ¡" We desire to decline our horror and execration of the traitor our outrage that has been offered to Your Majesty's illustrious son His Royal Highness' the Duke of Edinburgh, while visiting the Australian colonies by Y out Majesty's commands, -and in Your Majesty's service. I respectfully tender to Your Majesty an assurance of our sympathy and condolence under the grief and anxiety which must be occasioned to Your Majesty by the tidings of this disastrous calamity. , i , " We entreat Your Majesty to believe that the inhabitants of Tasmania view this atrocious and diabolical act with 41 common feeling of profound sorrow and inexpressible detestation and that its occurrence his only served to strengthen their loyalty to the throne, and their anxiety for the maintenance of the integrity of the empire. " We implore the Almighty disposer of events to restore your royal you to his country and your arms in safety, and with recovered health and strength to preserve Your Majesty and all the royal family in happiness and peace and to protect the mighty empire which rejoices in your benign and constitutional away from the aggression, of foreign eupmios,nud the insidious machinations of domestic treason." Dr. CttowruEii said his worthy friend and medical compatriot, Dr. Hall, had stepped forward in a good chance, not only as a medical gentleman of long standing in the city, but also in the capacity of a soldier militant in a good cause. He had set a noble example in regard to what they all ought to do in case of aggression, dereliction, or defection the part of those who professed to be the subjects of the empire. They had heard that the meeting was called for three purposes: First, to enable them to express sympathy with the Prince, second, horror of the dastardly act, and third, to give expression to their sympathy for, and condolence with the Queen when this news should reach her but there was a fourth matter which they were also called upon to consider, and that was to declare themselves determined on all occasions to maintain inviolate the constitution of the British Empire. (Loud cheers.) Great Britain had' become great by the association uninterrupted of England, Ireland, and Scotland, once Hover this and the downfall of the fabric was certain. (Loud cheers.) It was for them to think seriously before they read any papers and articles as to sympathy with those who move in this cause, and it was their duty to show to their 'chief magistrates and to their Queen, that it was their intention to support the crown and the dominions of the crown. For himself, he was one of the oldest volunteers there. When the Artillery corps was first farmed his son was one of the Hint to cool, and he was one of the first who held a commission as surgeon. He had sworn un- oath to support inviolate bilious all occasions the Queen's dominions, and to undertake, as far as the influence of one man was concerned, to induce others to do the same. Let him then urge upon them all to enrol in that movement, and on all occasions to go into action it necessary, and to do their duty as it ought to be done in defence of their country. (Cheers.) So much had been mud, and so well said, that it would be a work of supererogation to say anything on the subject of the attack. He was sure that no sane man would countenance, or attempt to countenance, the crime of the assassin. No individual possessed of right feeling would do so. They had met together for a certain purpose, and he trusted that the effect of their meeting would be to remove the sin of the other Australian colony from them. Ignorance was so much the order of the day at home in regard to those colonies i that Australia was often mixed up with New Zealand, i and even other places, and if they did not remove I the impression they would be placed in the category as being participators in the deed. He trusted that they would do their utmost to remove this impression, and to prove their loyalty to the full? he would suggest that every man in the community should sign the address to the Queen and to the Prince. (Loud cheers.) On all occasions should anything require at his hands a demonstration, in a cause like that, he trusted he should be no silent spectator, but that he should be over prepared to take a part. (Loud cheers.) Dr. E. S. Hall now said that several of those present were anxious to hear an Irish Catholic address them. (Cheers.) He should like to hear Mr. O'Reilly's sentiments, especially as he was Chairman of the St. Patrick's day dinner committee. It might tend to remove certain unpleasant impressions which had been created. (Loud cheers.) Mr. O'Reilly, who came forward amid loud cheer- ing and laughter, said he did not stand there as the head centre. He stood there as a loyal Roman Catholic, prepared at all times to inculcate loyalty among his fellow colonists. (Cheers.) He thanked God that he know nothing of this conspiracy which was said to exist among their community, and he believed he should be one of the first to hear of it. (Loud cheers.) He trusted that Englishmen, Irishmen, and Scotch- men in this community, would always be united and love one another. It was, however, cruel to attach the blame of one man to a whole nation. (Cheers.) It was cruel to attach the crime of one man to the whole Irish people (Cheers.) This man might be a lunatic (they would soon know whether he was so or not, at all events it was cruel to attach his crime to the nation, for he did not believe he was born there at all. (Loud cheers.) When he heard of this attempted assassination he felt us much grieved as if it was his own brother, and he was glad when the committee of the St. Patrick's Day dinner agreed to postpone it, which they did even before the Governor's note came to them. He alluded to the large number of Irishmen who were present, and their unanimous desire for the postponement of the festivity. The motion was put and carried. The Bishop of Tasmania, who rose amid cheering, said he had been entrusted with a resolution, and he must also take advantage of the excuse which had been made why there should not be long speeches or rather no speeches at uU. He must apologise on the ground that he had not a cast iron voice, which his worthy friend the Mayor seemed gifted with. Another excuse was that the time was now far spent and he should therefore do little more than read the resolution which was " That upon receiving tidings of His Royal Highness's recovery, His Excellency the Governor be requested to proclaim a day of general thanksgiving to Almighty God for His mercy." In proposing that resolution and recommending it to their favourable notice, he asked himself this question. Why were they here that day ? Their object was not to exonerate themselves from any accusation which might rest upon them, either with regard to Tasmania or to the sister colonies. He did not believe, as was said, that there was a single man in Tasmania who would dare to say openly, or say it in his own heart, that he would sympathise with any man or any madman, who would attempt the life of their royal guest. (Cheers.) There might be misguided Irish patriots amongst them, patriots who thought they were doing right. There might be some who might be smarting because of the misrule of that portion of the British empire, but at the very least they must acknowledge this truth, that it is the most earnest desire of those who fill the high places in the land at home, and who are called upon to assist Her Majesty the Queen in her councils, to do the fullest justice to round and the Irish people. (Loud cheers.) And he agreed with those sentiments which had been offered as to the necessity of the unity of the British Empire. Ireland could not do without England, neither could Englund do without her Irish and Scotch subjects. The great English throne on which their beloved sovereign site, had been well likened to a tripod. It was a throne supported on three legs, and if one of those logs was removed the structure would soon fill. (Cheers.) They wanted the phlegmatic Scotch- man to give stability to the empire, they wanted the impetuous Irishman to assist them in maintaining their glory. He was the best soldier who had ever been seen, impetuous and brave, and it was this characteristic which made him the easy tool of misguided people. They met that day according to the dictates of human nature, and to find vent for those feelings which were natural under such circumstances. This had been working in the hearts of all before him over since the melancholy tidings had reached their shores. It might be that such a calamity as this was necessary for them that they were called out by such a calamity from those narrow confines of party politics, those narrow ideas of creeds, to show upon one broad platform the thorough force of their common humanity. It might be that such a calamity was sent upon them to make them feel that they were all members of the great human family, and that they should acknowledge that hand which had brought them together, and pray God to complete what he had begun, that they might meet again in yet greater numbers when a day should be set apart on which to thank Him for His goodness. The resolution bound them to look forward to the time when they should acknowledge the hand of Almighty God. No one would willingly object to that. If any had lost his faith himself, he would yet respect the feeling of those who did cling to the faith that there was a God who had not abdicated his rule over the world, and who may have designed that there shall be good come out of this evil. It was the prerogative of God to bring good out of evil. They had estimated the amount and character of this evil, but let them think also what good may arise. His Lordship referred to the pressure which would be experienced by all on the recovery of the Prince, and his again visiting them and alluded to a period which might arise when the Australian people should form not only a confederacy of nations, but should be bound together in one great integration of nations ; when they should be looking about for some one to be the centre and representative of their nationality. (Loud cheers.) Out of this evil calamity other good might come. The Prince might be brought to a higher estimate of the faith than even that which he now hold, and return home to set an example to the English court and the English aristocracy, to set them the example of a truly Christian gentleman, such as was set by the good Albert his father, and as the last good suggesting itself to him as likely to arise out of this. They know that the religion of the cross was the religion of nelf-surrondor ; it was the great lesson taught them by the life and faith of the man Christ Jesus. Who know but that this blood spilt on Australian shores, might be the means of bringing again to a sound mind many a misguided patriot of Ireland ? (Loud cheers.) Who know but that it might be the intention or Providence to use this as the gracious instrument of bringing all true patriots of their country shoulder to shoiildor,uudhund to hand to crush out this mischievous and dastard spirit ? Sure he was that sympathy of heart with heart would be felt to this one among the representatives of the great mass of Australian manhood. Sure he was that the great instrument of that sympathy would assist far more fully in bringing men together, and would be far more effectual in its purpose than would be the flash of ten thousand bayonets, or the roar of a thousand cannons. (Loud cheers.) Sir. H. Hopkins had great pleasure in second- ing the resolution. He trusted the thanks- giving day might not be spent in mirth, as was too often the case, but. in thanks giving that the citizens, high and low, rich and poor, and christians of all denominations would attend the places of worship, and ask the blessing of God for themselves and others. Persons neglected too much to attend the house of God. He said that as he be lieved he was the oldest man amongst them for he was now 80 years old, and he ascribed his having reached that time of life entirely to the mercy and goodness of God. Mr. J. PrATT being called for next came forward, saying that he cheerfully responded to the call. He regretted that they had anticipated him, for a little later in the order of the programme of the day's business they would have heard his voice, and soon him appear cheerfully to do his duty. The circumstances which occasioned the meeting were of a painful character, but at the same time he thought there was a mournful pleasure which they could not overlook in reflecting that the diabolical intentions of O'Farrell, the would- be assassin, were frustrated by the merciful intervention of an all-wise Providence which protected Israel's future lawgiver when his life was attempted by Uorod. That same providence seemed to protect the DukoofEdiuburgh,and though the man who fired the shot was but three yards off His Royal Highness' life was spared. They might at least rejoice that the attempt had called forth the hitherto unknown loyalty of Australians. (Cheers.) The Rev. Mr. Goldreich, Rabbi of the Hebrew persuasion, apologised for coming forward, and said he should not have done so at all but that the Bishop and Mr. Hopkins had altogether ignored the Jewish congregation, who had always been conspicuous for their loyalty. The Jews unhappily know much of ! persecution, and unjust persecution, in other parts of the world, and they were, therefore, all the better prepared to appreciate (the just rule of Her Majesty the Queen, His ExcELLENCY put the resolution, repeating his invitation to any person who dissented from it to hold up his hand. The resolution was carried amidst cheering. Mr. H. S. lUiuiLTT proposed the next resolution. He did so as a Tasmanian. A good deal had been said about country. Now he was neither an English- man, an Irishman, nor a Scotchman. (A voice : A Welshman.) No, nor a Welshman either, but he thought it would be a pity in a meeting of that kind they should have but one formal representative of Tasmania. Whilst they had had expressions of sympathy with His Royal Highness and Her Majesty the Queen, there had been brought forward on Tiib manian soil by man who proclaimed themselves from the old country. He therefore thought it as well that before the close of the meeting they should have a little Tasmanian sympathy to show that those who brought their loyalty from the old land had not neglected to train their children in loyalty. He moved that the thanks of the meeting be given to His Excellency the Governor for presiding. It was unnecessary to say one word in favor of that motion, and he therefore left it to the meeting. (Applause.) Mr. G. Salier seconded the resolution asking that it be carried by three cheers. The resolution was carried by a hearty round of cheering followed by groans for the Fenians. His Excellency, who was received with applause, said, Gentlemen, I thank you very heartily for the kind way in which you have responded to the resolution, and had it been any other occasion I should say that it afforded me very great pleasure to pro side here to-day. The cause of the meeting is too sorrowful to allow of my saying that, but I may say I have presided with great satisfaction and that I feel grateful to you for allowing me to be your chairman to preside over you, and to convey to His Royal Highness the noble sentiments I have heard expressed. I am sure that Her Majesty throughout her dominions on which the sun never sets, has no more loyal or true subjects than the people of Tasmania. (Vehement applause.) The meeting thendisporsed.aftorgivingthreechoora for the Queen, three for the Duke of Edinburgh, and three for the Mayor, and singing the first verses of the National Anthem and Rule Britannia respectively. 