SKIPPING. Tihers has been quite a revivalill the shipping trade of the colony during the past month, especially in arrivals, three of which have been from lEngland, viz. \--the Englet, with passengers and cargo, thle Abbots ford, with cargo only, and thle Young Australin, with a large number of passengers, and a cargo of general merchandise. Tile steamer trallic from the Southern colouies has been greatly increased by the rush to our gold-lields, boata hasing been laid on especially for thle conveyance of passengers. Other intercoloiall arrivals hIave been above tile average, and may be summarisod as follows :--Sir schloouners from Sydney and other parts of Ncw South Wales with farm pro duce and general stores, four from Melbourne with somewhlat similar cargoes, two from Adelaide with breadstulrs, and one from thle South Sea Islands withl native passengers and produce. There has been only one departure for England, the Buyswater, withll passengers a:ld a cargo of cotton and station and other produce. Thile othlerdcparturel Ihave been confined to the ordinary steamer trade, and a few coasters in ballast for various ports. Thie weather on thle coast has been very rough occa sionally, but the casualties hare fortunately been very rare. Tie total loss of the slchooner Willing Lass on Mast-head Reef ou the 9th ultimo, wiheu on her passage from Rockhampton to Sydney, in ballast, is thle only accident of note which has occurred during thse monthl. The crew were saved. Further particulars are to hand respecting tlhe crew of tihe brig Rebecca. AtRIVALS FROM EINGLAsD. July 13.-Esglet, barque, 392 tons, Captain Wtn. sughes, from London. Passengers--lrs. White, Miss Harriet It. Caugtlh Itessra. John Walker, J. Whlittaker, and A. J. Killough. July 25.-Abbotsford, barque, 528 tons, Captain Venus, from London ; no passengers. July 31.--Yotig Australia, ship, 767 tons, Lieut. D. R. Bolt, R.'.R., commander, from London. Passesngers--Rev. J. Carson, Mrs. Carson, and family (3), Miss Margaret Robiseon, Mliss Bull, Dr. Old meadow, Mrs. Oldsseadow, Masters Oldmeadow (3), Mosers. Reginald, C. Willis, A. Voysey, F. W\V. Morris, J. Crook, J. Simpson, H. Everett, S. W. Gibson, J·. Fitzsimmons, J. F. WVatsou, J. E. King, D. Morgau, Mr. and Mrs. Pratt, and 150 in second cabin, inter mediate,sand steerage. DnEaOpTt -itt August 6 .-Bayswater, ship, 1250 tons, Captain L. Davis, for London. Passengers-Saloon: Dr. J. R. Lansdown. Second cabin: Mcssrs. MIosely, Arthur F. Smith, R. Lanyon, taster Lanyon. Steerage: Mr. and Mirs. Walton, Masters Walton (3), Mr. W. A. Beckett, Misses Beckett (2), scssrs. . . Harding, Win. Hudson, R. Seal, . G.G. Dixon, J. M'Guirc. Bayswater, for London: 000 treenails, 10 bales wool, 71 bales 1 pocket cotton, D. Owen; 41 bales wool, T. B. Stephlens; 112 casks tallow, 690 bales cotton, 45 bales wool, Clarke, Hodgson, and Co.; 16 bales wool, Mount Hutton Co.; 8 bales wool, Bank of N. S. \Vales; 10 bales wool, 37 casks tallow, G. Raff and Co.; 2 bales wool, Gordon, Ralston, and Co.; 16 bales wool, 47 casks tallow, P. J. Pigott; 35 bales wool, BIigge and Co.; 29 bales wool, 25 bales cotton, Bell and Sons; 10 bales wool, 1 box, Bank of Aus tralasia; 54 casks tallow, 5 bales cottonl, G. IH. Wilson and Co.; 39 bales cotton, J. Jsnsston ; 1516 hides, 7770 Ihorus, 12 cwt. 1 qr. 18 lbs. hoofs, 840 cwt. 3 quarters 20 lbs. bones, 20 owt. 2 qra. 8 Ibs. sheep shlanks, 150 casks tallow, 359 bales cotton, 2 bales wool, 12,692 treeuaols, J. and G. Harris; 10 bales cotton, George Tlorn;; 36 bales cotton, Brabant and Co.; 23 bales wool, 772 bales cotton, Cribb and Foolo ; 14 bales cotton, Alex ander and Armour; 7 bales cotton, Bright Blrolthers ansd Co.; 232 casks tallow, C. J. and E.H,. Royds; 37 csooks tallow, J. F. M'Dougall; 102 coks tallow, WV. B. Tooth; 148 cass tallow, North Blritish Aus tralian Company; 45 casks tallow, W. Baynes; 18 casks tallow, J. Taylor ; 100 tieres salt beef, F. R. Davis; 1 case, A. Street: 1 ease pamphlets, Colonial Storekeeper; 1 bale wool, R. L. Jenkins; 26 cases preserved meats, Orr and Honeyman; 31 bales cot ton, Ifcussler and Co.; 1 box specimenos, Captain Garcia; 15 bales wool, A. J. S. Bank; 15 bales cotton, J. N. Iughles. Reeapitulation : 2075 bales cotton, 203 bales wool, 1516 hides, 964 casks tallow, 7770 horns, 12 ewt. 1 qr. 18 lbs. hoofs, 840 ewt. 3 qrs. 201bs. bones, 20 cwt. 2 qrs. 81bs. sheepslhauks, 100 tierces salt beef, 26 cases preserved meats, 21,682 treennils, and sundry plackages. THE AssnoTss0ou.--This vessel left Dealon thie 2nd April, and had a good runtothe lineof t;lirLty-threedays. As far us the island of Tristan d'Acunha, the wi,;ds were light; but ifrom there till tsle vessel reaheld Bass's S1traits there was a continuation of heavy ansd severe weathler, with nothing but violent gales from tlhe south and wcet. Kinig's sland was siglhted on the 14.tth instant, and Bass's Strois were passed thraough in tswenst-fou r louse. The weathser was tise from there till the vessel reached P'oint l)augcer, whenc she fell i: wissh a heavy gode of wind from E.N.J., with very hligho seas. A pilot frome -?oreton Buy was taken on board on the 211h (Ihe ressel having then been 113 days out), and she anchores d the following dny. Ti':: YOUNsG AeSs:AIL...-Tlhe well-kuown fLaaoor ita elipler, Youg Austra:lia, arrived July 31, with 107 poassngers. iThe bhip las tlsis voyage under tle colsnsnod of C:aptain D. Lt. Bolt, a gentleman wsell bnosan here owhen in command of tile E?arl Riussell. Captlail Grey, her late com:muander, has bees ap poistcd to tihe Omoar P'shs, inow on her voyage fr omI Llnd,, to Moreton Boy. Tohepassengers were undcr the medical charge of Dr. Oldsmeadow, Si.D., who is also well.known here iu connection withl thle Valguard, Queen of tihe Colonies, and other vessels bringing immigrants. Thle passage appelars to lsave been ,. pIleasant one in all respects. The Captain reported fine weather aud a rapid run, aud the )Doctor good health and spirits among the passengers. Both the captain and do,.lorwere presented ?with addresses signed byall classes of Ihe passeagers. Captain IBolt furnished tile fol lowing report of lthe passage:--The Young Australia discharged hlier pilot at Deal, Sunday, 2611th of April, at 5 p.m., and proceeded down the Chaianel agailst a strong westerly wind and thick weather, and on the 301th came to anchlor in l'ortland RIoads. May i, i.m., weighed asnchor and lellt Start Poitl, p.m., May dud, cnd hlaving a slight easterly wind whic took us to the nortllh-est trades, anid after a very tedious passage of very light and variable winds, we crossed Ilo Equator nt 5 p.m., in longitude 28.40,on the 2911th May. lIad goorl south-east trades as far as22. solluth. \We ipassed tihe prime meridianu on the 16th of June in as., and the Cape of Good Hope the 21st. June, barinu had up to that date unusual fine weather and light cwinds; rae our loigilude down on the parallel oaf 45., wilh good strong winds, ansd arrived at the imeridian of 140 degrees east longitude on the 18thLl of June, being twenty-five days from the meridian of Greenwichl , andl passing southl of Tasmania had twelve days of light variable winds. Passed Sydiey Tlursday nighlt witlh light winds, arriving aof Cape IMoretonl at msidnight, July 31. We passed every thling we saw- oni the road, making the passage in ninety days. All in good health, having neithller birth nior death on the voyage, nor have we caperi enced any severe weathller. Tlit BIGst RnLIAtCE.--The Maid of Rivertcn arrived at Bowen from Cleveland Bay on the 121Ih July, with time crew of the brig Reliance, lwhichl was wrecked on Indispensable Reef on tia 22nd of April last. The caplais and crew awere twenty eighlt days in boats before they dared land, tie natives being very hostile, and chlasing them three timies in canoes. Tlhery lhad niotlhing to subsist upon thie whole time but coconnuta. Thie whlaleboat, willh thle mate and three of the crow, is still missing. The Reliaunce is a total wreek, and was nuinsured. "SaLETter GIOST."-A northern paper thus re marks upos this little vessel and hlier onner:-The yacht" linmlet's Ghost," the property of Count von Attcms, arrived in lKeppcl Bay oni Tuesday, tlhe 21st July. The Count is in the Austrian service, and is sialing a tour of thie colonies. He has visited Vic toria and Noew South Wales, and remained a short time in Brisbane. While at the latter port, he purchalsed the yacht froam efr. George Harris, M.L.C., and intends calling at the ports along thle coast. The trip is said to be one of pleasure, and thle Count is amusing himself by surveying parts of the coast. TlIe vessel's cabinissplendidly fitted up. The pannelliigs are of grained maple miounted with gold mouldings, and a large pier glass fills up one end of theie cabin. She is about twelve tons burden, draws four feet of water, and, not counting thie young Count, elshe is mantned by a captain, a chliefohicer, three sailors, and has on board a cook, steward, and servant. She carries three swivel guns on deck, and there are also oni board eleven rifles of the Siolder, Stinie, and Chlassepot makeo respectirely, probably pepler eastors for any attacking toree of natives. Thle Ghost rose from the manes of thie awhlaling vessel Plrince of Den narkk, wrecked on one of thle islands of the Polynsesian group. F.NGLISU VESSELS IS T1lE PORT OF ]]RIPBA.?E. Ship Zeanladia, 1031 tons, ton, rm London. Barque Eaglet, 392 tons, Hughes, from London. Barque Abboteford, 528 tone, Venus, from London. Ship Young A?ustralia, 767 tons, Bolt, from London. 