INCREASING AND MULTIPLYING WITH A VENGEANcE !-In the year 1809 the Vienna newspapers contained the following announce ment:-" Maria Anna Helen, the wife of a poor linen weaver in Neulerchenfeld, twenty years married, bore at eleven confinements thirty-two children, twenty-eight fiving and four dead; twenty- six were males and six females; all were by one father, and mursed by herself. She had at her last "confinemenlt three children, one living and two dead. Her husbadd was a twin, she herself one of four. Her mother had produced thi.ty- eight chil dren, and died during a confinement with twins. The greatest number of children ever produced at one birth appears to have been six, all of whom were boys. and all dead; and the woman who gave birth to them had been twice married, and had already given birth to forty-four children. During her first marriage, which lasted twenty-two years, she bore twenty-seven boys and three girls. In her second marriage, which lasted but thnee years, she bore fourteen children-tlree at the first, five at the second,' and six at the third confinement. A W?ELsH GHosT -Abernant, near Aber dare, is at present in the enjoyment of a ghost, locally certified as the spirit of the deceased wife of a workman, who had threatened her husband before death that she would haunt him if he ill- treated her children, and who seems to have had reason for keep ing hor word. The spiritual influence is chiefly manifested by jugs, chairs, and tables jumping about in the house; but the ex parish constable, who was sent for to lay the ghost, was made the subject of a different manifestation. In reply to a solemn request, he received a blow with a stone, and was laid himself, instead of laying the ghost. The police were sent for, and they tied the deceased's daughter's hands, thinking she was at the bottom of the affair, but the latest accounts say the ghost continues its manifesta tions. A poclamation in the Gazette extends the provisions of the Act to Protect Game, so far as regards emus, black swans, and all kinds of wild geese, in the present year, from the 1st of July to the 20th of December; in sub sequent years, from the 14th of June to the 20th of december in each year; as regards all other birds and animals mentioned or in eluded in the second schedule of the said act, from the 1st of August ia each year. WHEN her Majesty leaves Windsol the establishment is "put on board wages." We may also mention that when her Majesty is at the Castle she has to pay out of the privy pnrse not only for every buck which she takes from the park for venison, but also for every pheasant, hare, or partridge, and that she has even to buy the eggs and butter for the house hold from her own farm, so rigidly is every expense accounted for between the different departments. A CANDIDATE EMIGRNTr.-The following characteristic application was sent in to a gentleman from Natal, when on a visit to some friends in Yorkshire:-"Take Notice, As I am wishfull to imegrate to port Natle, Australia, or New zealand, I give you this statement on industrey. Fist, I am Brout up a farmer and I can work all these trades, I Lave Stucln in for a carpentor for a 7week together, i can make a good plough and vari ous other articles, and i can make brushes and nets of all kinds. I have built a stable and a cow house, put on the roofs, tiles and all. N.B. I had a prentice boy to help me to saw the lats &c; I can shoe a horse and mnaney other Blacksmith jobs, i can sharp and set a saw, I am well acquainted with the treatment of horses and Cattle both in health and discease i cin saulder a tin, and clean and repair a clock, i can make and mend a good deal of horse gearing, and make a corn dress ing machine, screen riddles and sives wich is a great point in a winnowin michine i can clean and sharp a coffee mill I have cured and filled up 7 ackeing teeth and compleatly Cured them. indeed I can doo allmost any kind of handy-tcaft work. All this is per fectly true any person Desireable to see any of my work I will endever to shew themsome I am willing to turn myself to any of the above trades as the ided may reauire." SILENT LoE.--There is a very pretty story told of a man who in his youth, secretly loved a girl' of his native town. He was too bashful to reveal it; or rather, believing that his love was hopeless, he kept it to himself, and lived ii long and weary life, with the love of that woman as green in his heart as in the days of his boyhood. When he had growh grey, and was wealthy and honoured, he met the object of his affections. She was a mation then-a widow ivithl grown up and married daughters; anid it happened one day, after a dinner to which she ihad invited him, that the subject of their early life came up between them, and careless remark opened the eyes of the lady to the fact that she had--been secretly admired by the man beside her. Ten minutes' talk informed him to his great aston ishment,.. that unknown .to him, .be had- also been beloved, and that the ?ady had waited long and painfully for his declaration, and had only accepted another offer reluctantly, and because of the importunities of friends. When the daughters came' into the parlour, they were surprised to find their mother and the grey-haired bachelor sitting together, with clasped hands, and mutually expressive eyes; and in a short time this twain were made one and the gentleman had only himself to blaime that he had waited twenty-five years for his wife. And the morel of this story is addressed to all bashful swains, in the language of the old proverb, "Faint heart never won fair lady," During the war of the rebellion it is known that a strong secessionist spirit was prevalent in Baltimore, in which many of the news? boys sympathized. One of these small itinerant pedlars, .with a bundle of news papers under his arm, entered a car at the Baltimore and Ohio depot in that city, a few minutes before the train started for Washing= ton, and while passing through shouted,. " Hurrah for Jeff. Davis !" " Hurrah for the Devil !" replied a United States soldier, who, in his blue- uniform, occupied a near seat. "That's right !" said the youngster, "You hurrah for your side, and fui hurrah for mine I" The Prince Imperial of France, the Idol of the *French people, entered his new apart meonts in the course of January, with £40,000 a year ! The Prince is twelve years of age ! 