PASTORAL LETTER OF THE RIGHT REVEREND DR. QUINN. . . MATTHEW. By the Grace of God and the Apostolic See, Bishop of Bathurst, to the Clegy and Laity of the Diocese. Dearly Beloved Brethren, — The Pope is the Supreme head of the Church, the suc cessor of St. Peter, and Christ's Vicar on earth. ? Our Divine Lord said to St. Peter ' Thou art Peter and upon this rock I will build my Church, and the gates of hell shall , not .prevail against it. And I will give thee the keys of the Kingdom of Heaven. And ? whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth shall be i bound also in Heaven.' (St. Matthew, xvi. j 18. 19.) ' Feed my lambs ; feed my sheep.' , (St. John, xxi. ]5.) To the Pope then were | given the keys of the kingdom of Heaven, the power of binding and loosing. He is to feed the sheep as well as the lambs. His care and solicitude extend to all the Churches. Two hundred millions of Christ's flock, pas tors and people, acknowledge his authority and bow to his decrees. Here, at the ends of the earth, his words are received with the same submission and love with which they are received by those who surround his sacred person. He has sent us the following letter : — - VENEitABLi Brethren — Health and Aposto lic benediction. — Cast your eyes around, Vene rable brethren, and you will see, and with us you will; deplore the direful abominations by which unhappy Italy, in particular, is at present af flicted. We, indeed, in all humility .adore the inscrutable judgments of God, Who has willed that we should live in those sad days, in which, through the agency of certain men, and chiefly those who direct and administer public affairs in unfortunate Italy, the venerated Commandments of God and the laws of our Holy Church are publicly despised, and impiety unpuuished lifts alott its head and triumphs. Hence all the iniquities, evils, and misfortunes of which we hi»ve been sorrowful spectators. Hence all those multiplied bands of men, who, walking in im piety, fight beneath Satan's standard on which is inscribed 'Mendacity.' Enrolled under the name of revolution and setting their faces against heaven, these men utter blasphemies against God, defile and con temn everything sacred, and, trampling under foot all thiugs human and divine, pant, like ravening wolves, for their prey ; they shed blood, and, by their terrible scandals, ruin souls, and seek the reward of their nefarious warfare in the unjust appropriation of the property of others ; they afflict the weak and the poor ; they increase the numbers of wretched orphan* and widows ; through bribery they grant immunity to .the impious whilst they despoil the just and deny them justice ; depraved at heart, they aim at basely gratifying every evil desire to the greatest possible detriment of civil rights. By this class of abandoned men are we now surrounded, Venerable brethren ; men, who, animated by a spirit truly diabolical, desire to plant the standard of falsehood even in this fair city of owrs, close by the chair of Peter, the centre of Catholic truth and unity. The rulers of the Sub-Alpine Government, who ought to restrain men of the above description, blush not to cherish them by every species of favour and to supply them with arms and all necessaries, and to protect their access to this city. But let all those men — even those placed in the highest grade and position of civil authority, tremble, since, by this wicked mode of action, they effec tually bind themselves with the chains of addi tional ecclesiastical penalties and eensures. Al though, in the humility of our heart, we un remittingly supplicate, a God abounding in mercy to deign to lead back all those unhappy men to salutary penance and to the right path of justice religion, and piety, yet, we cannot keep silent on the great perils to which, in this hour of dark ness, we are exposed. With a tranquil mind we await whatever issues of events may arise, whether procured by wicked frauds, calumnies, plots, or falsehoods, since we repose our whole hope and confidence in God our Saviour, who is our aid and strength in all our tribulations, and who suffers nob those trusting in Him to be confounded, who subverts the plans of the wicked and brings sinners to subjection. Meantime we are constrained to announce to you, Venerable Brethren, in the first instance, and to all the faithful committed to your care, the very sad condition and the imminent perils in which we now find ourselves, chiefly through the conduct of the Sub- Alpine Government ; for, although we may be defended by the energy and devotion of our most faithful army, which im its illustrious exploits, has o dnbited courage all but heroic, yet it is mani test that it is unable long to withstand the far superior numbers of our unjust assailants. And although we receive no small consolation from the filial piety with which our remaining subjects — reduced to a mere few through guilty usurpers — regard us, yet,§we are compelled to strongly lament that they must incur great danger from the savage bands of criminals, who con stantly terrify them with all manner of threats, plunder and oppress them by every means imaginable. But, Venerable brethren, we are forced to weep over other evils that cannot be adequately deplored. Chiefly from our Consistorial Allocu tion, delivered on October 29th last year, and next from the narrative and documents which we published, you are fully aware of the terrible calamities with which the Catholic Caurch and her chill ren, in the Russian Empire and the Kingdom of Poland, are harrassed. For Catho lie bishops, ecclesiastics, and faithfnl laymen hare beeu driven into exile — cast into prison ? persecuted in all conceivable waya; robbed of their property, «nd visited and oppressed by the most cruel punishments, whilst the canons and laws of the Church hare been completely I trampled under foot. And, not content witb such deeds, the Russian Government, pro ceeds, according to hereditary policy t» violate the discipline of the Church, to sever the bond of union and communication of this faithful people with ourselves and the Holy See, and to plot and strive, by every means, to eradicate the Catholic religion from these dominions, and to tear away from the bosom of the Church this faithful nation, and draw them off into a most fatal schism. With incredible grief of mind we announce to you, that two decrees were made by that Government shortly after our last named allocution. In a decree published on the 22nd day of May last, the diocese of Podlachia in the kingdom of Poland, as well as the College of Canons, the Consistory General, and the Diocesan Seminary, was audaciously suppressed, and the bishop of the diocese torn from his flock and forced to fly from his diocese. This decree is similar to another pro mulgated on the third day of June, of last year also, of which we could have made no mention, being than ignorant of its existence. By this decree, the same Government did not hesitate to suppress by its arbitrary authority, the diocese of Camenecis, its College of Canons, its Consis* tory aud Seminary, apd to tear away by force, its bishop from that diocese. But since every avenue and means of commu nication with that portion of the faithful was closed against us, we were compelled (lest anj one should be subjected to the dangers of impri sonment, exile, or any other penalty) to insert an address in our newspapers, in which w« determined on consulting for the exercise of legitimate jurisdiction in these large dioceses, and for the spiritual necessities of the faithful, with the hope that, by the means of the press, a knowledge of our intentions might reach them. One can readily conceive with what intention* and for what purpose decrees of this nature are promulgated by the Russian Government, when informed that the suppression of the dioceses is the consequence of the absence of the bishops. But what tills the cup of our sorrows to over flowing, Venerable brethien, is another decree promulgated by the same Government, on the 22nd of last May, by virtue of which a College was established at Petropolis, called the Roman Catholic Ecclesiastical College, of which the Archbishop of Mohilovia is president. All pe titions regarding matters of faith as well as of conscience which are sent by the bi'.hops, th© clergy, and the faithful of the Russian Empire ?and the Kingdom of Poland, to us and this Apostolic See, must be first transmitted to this College in order to examine them and decide whether they do. not outstep the authority of the bishops, in which case care is taken to have them transmitted to us. But as soon as our de cision arrives, the Prfi«iil«nf. nf t.Vio ^iM.nim^ College is bound to transmit it to the minister of the interior, who judges whether anything con trary to the laws of the state and the rights of the Emperor may be discovered in ifc; and Be long, as nothing objectionable can be found. ' therein he carries it out at his caprice and pleasure. You see, doubtless, Venerable Brethren, how worthy of reprobation and censure is a decree of this kind, passed by a schismatical, lay power, by which the divine constitution of the Caoholit Church is destroyed - ecclesiastical discipline subverted — and the greatest injury inflicted on the power and authority of our Pontificate, and of the Holy See, and ot the bishops ; and how ? the liberty of the Supreme Pastor of the f aithfal ia obstructed, and the faithful forced into a most fatal schism, and even natural justice itselfi violated and trampled under foot in matters of faith and conscience. In addition to all these things, the Catholi* Academy of Warsaw has been suppressed ; and the destruction of the dioceses of Chelmens and Bittiens among the Rutheui, is threatened. Bu* the most deplorable fact of all i3 that a certaia ecclesiastic, of suspected faith, was found at Woycis, who, in defiance of all the penalties and censures of the Church, and regardless of thft terrible judgments of God, scrupled not to accept from the aforesaid civil power the govern ment and' charge of that uiocese, and even now performs the /arioua ordinances of religion — a fact as subversive of ecclesiastical discipline a» promotive of a most fatal schism. Since, then, amidst such calamities and afflic tions of ourselves and of the Church there u- none to ngiit our battles but the Lord our God, ,-- \ we again and most earnestly entreat of yotu ? '. Venerable Brethren, to join your most fervent prayers with ours (as becomes your love and1 ;, zeal for Catholicity and your deep affection for ' us), and, in union with your clergy and faithful subjects, to pray unceasingly to God, and b»i ' seech of Him, that mindful of His mercies whiclt : come from eternity, He may avert from us Hi* anger, and rescue His Holy Ckurch and ua from j ' such imminent dangers; and aid, by His ali '?' powerful assistance, the children of the Ohuwfc who are so dear to us, exposed, as they are, to - bo many snares, and afflicted with such numer- - ons tribulations in almost every region of the* earth, but, principally, in Italy, in the Russia* . . 'i dominions, and in the kingdom of Poland j that W He may defend them, and keep them more and ''?' more steadfast in the profession of the Catholie ' ' ,: faith and its salutary doctrines; that he may comfort them and give them strength, and scat- : ' ter in the winds all the unholy machinations of ''-' the enemy ; and that He may recall our enemies '? themselves from the abyss of iniquity to the way ;?' of salvation, and bring them back into the way :-? of His commandments. ' . ; ; We .desire, therefore, that public prayers ,W ..?* announced throughout your diocese, at your ,' own discretion, for a period of three days, within ' the next six months; and ia trand-oceani* '.'. dioceses, within a. year. And in order that th» faithful may attend at these prayers and sup- ' plicate God with greatei fervour, we mercifully \ grant in the Lord a plenary indulgence and «»- ^ mission of their stus to all and every the faith- '?' ful of Christ, of both sexes, who, on the thw* ? days above-mentioned, shall piously assist ai theBe prayers ; who shall pray to God fo* ti» , present neceaaitiea of the Church with our in «en|ions ; and who shall be cleansed by Sacra mental confession, and approach Holy Com munion. But to those of the faithful who, with ♦ontrite heart, shall in any of the three days mentioned perform the other works specified, we remit according to the wonted form of the Church, seven years aad seven quarantines of the penance enjoined them or otherwise due. Also, we grant in the Lord that each and every one of these indulgences, remissions of sins, and relaxations of penances may be applied by waj ©f suffrage to the souls of Christ's faithful, who Ibave departed this life in the Grace of God, not withstanding anything whatsoever to the con irary. In. conclusion, we most willingly avail of this opportunity to once more convey to you the special affection with which we embrace you in the 'Lord, and as a pledge thereof, receive the Apostolic benediction, which, from the fulness ?f o.ur heart, we lovingly bestow on yourselves, Venerable Brethren, and all the clergy and laity oommitted to your care. Given at Rome, at St. Peter's, October 17th, Sn the twenty-second year of our Pontificate. Pius P.P. IX. In compliance with the instructions here given us, we ordain as follows : — A Triduum, ©r three days public prayer, for the purpose mentioned by the Holy Father, shall take place at the heads of the several missions of this' diocese, on the Sunday within the ?ctave of SS. Peter and Paul and the two iays preceding, and at the outstations of thefite missions on the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th Sundays of July and the two days preceding these Sundays. On each of these days, the Litany of Jesus shall be recited in the morning, after mass ; and, in the evening, the third part of the Rosary and the Litany ©f the Blessed Virgin. Benediction of the Most Holy Sacrament will also be given; where Benediction cannot be given, the Litany of the Saints, with the prayers fol lowing it, shall be recited instead. Prayer, dearly beloved, is a sovereign lemedy for all evils, spirit uaV and temporal ; Irat whether public or private, in order to be efficacious, both its matter and its form must be pleasing to God. The matter of jprayer is the object prayed for, and in the present instance being pointed out to us by Christ's own Vicar must be pleasing to Him. The., form of prayer is the manner of pray Ing.. 'An humble and contrite heart, O 3U)rd, thou wilt not despise.' (Psalm 1. 19.) On these days, bowed down before the ferone of mercy, we should humbly acknow ledge that our crimes are the cause of the ?aiamities,. which, we beseech God to remove trom us. In the humility of heart let us *ask in faith, nothing wavering.' (St. James, vii. 6.) Our Divine Redeemer has [ said : ' Ask, and it shall be given you ; i aeek, and you shall find ; knock, and it shall | fee opened to you.' (St. Matthew, vii. 7.) i * Amen ! Amen ! I say to you, if you ask i the Father anythingin my name he will give | it tayqu.' (St. John, xvi. 23.) We believe ! the erring word of man, shall we doubt the ; infallible word of God 1 To humility and faith let us join the attention of the mind and the affection of the heart. Our whole I Aoul should be wound up in the devotion of 1 fhese three days, Oar prayer, made in this manner, will ascend like sweet incense to the | *hro.ne of God, and obtain the object of our tetition, and bring down on us every lessing. I We avail of the present opportunity to bring f before. you the temporal necessities of the I Holy Father. You are aware that the largest I and:byfar the richest portion of the Papal I territory, has been violently and sacrilegi I «usly taken from His Holiness ; and that he I is obliged to maintain a comparatively large I army to preserve the remnant that is left I iimi The revenue of this small territory is I totally inadaquate to supply these and the I other ^temporal wants of the Government,. I much less provide for the spiritual adminis I Iratioh of the Church. For the efficient ad I ministration of the Church the Pope must be I free ; he cannot be free and be the subject of I another. Hence the voice of Catholicity de 1 «lares that the. Pope must be maintained on I Jiia throne. And nobly have the sons of the i Church, in every part of the world, come 9 Jorw&rd; to sustain their holy resolve. Ca ? a Iholic France has contributed gener || ?usly, and the blood of her uoblest sons H fcas been shed in the cause. Italy, 1 IBpaik, Germany, Belgium, Holland, and H Sngituid iiare joined. Ireland, amid all her H »ove;rty and woe, has sent her brave sons to H Jhe Papal .Army, and has been one of the m fergest contributors. America, too, has done ]l Jker part—the United States having sent || large, sums to the PapatTreaaury , and Canada H ?upplicd men and money and arms. In H 4his noble emulation to support the Vicar of H Christ, Australia will take it proper position, H ; «,nd this Western District will maintain its 9 .fronted . fame for generosity. True, the j| times are bad, and we are engaged in local 9 worW.of great magnitude. If pur subscrip ?M Jion-^.-be 1 ess than under more prosperous m -irc\ijmstanees, we will give our mite with 1 Joy and love, and never did a holier cause. 1 'Jail for. our support. Let U3 pass by, for the 1 Moiuenfc, the necessity of preserving the free 1 -iom'{-f the Head of the Church. Against H irlioinj and against what principles is the 1 ^opii; how 'contending 'I You have read of H mo French Revolution arid its barbarous H atrocities—- how I^-anee .w:u cb- ugod; from end to end, with the blood of her noblest ' and most innocent citizens. We are wont to shudder at the cruelties of the savage of the desert, but what acts of human nature, in its wildest and most uncultivated state, can be compared to the atrocities perpetrated by Carrier, Danton, and Robespierre, — the leaders of the French Revolution, — and their fiendish followers. Well, it is against disciples of these monsters that the Pope is now maintaining civilisation. The secret concoctor of the attacks on the Pope's States is Joseph Mazzini, and the executor of them is the so-called jGeneral Garibaldi. I will not ask you to judge these wicked men from anything I shall say of them. They shall speak for themselves. To get an insight into Mazzini's views and motives of action a perusal of his wqrks is necessary. They were published in 1862, under the title ' Scritti Editi ed Inediti di Giuseppe Mazzini; Editione diretta dall Autofe. Milano : G. Daelli, Editore.' (Writings edited and unedited of Joseph Mazzini ; edition direct from the author. Milan: G. Daelli editor.) This well- known apostle of assassination and patron of the dagger tells us in the plainest language, that he had a ' Mission.' He even describes the various stages of ratiocination from premises to consequences, untill he arrived at the final conclusion that assassination was not . only justifiable but praiseworthy and at this point he exclaims, ' I swore to myself that nothing in the world should ever make me doubt or deviate from it.' It is now thirty years or over since this unfortunate man commenced his dark career of assassination, for he telJs us himself, that in 1837 'he rose one morning with a calm soul and a serene intellect, and re -constructed from the begin ning the whole edifice of. his moral philo sophy.' From that day to this, he has con sistently but secretly, plotted the downfall of princes in general, and of the Papacy in particular. He planned the assassination of the King of Sardinia, and supplied the would be assassin, Gallenga, with a dagger, a passport, and a thousand francs. We sub join his own version of the horrible murder in thought of the King of Sardinia, as given in his letter to Federico Campanella, which letter is to be found in Mazzini's works above cited at page 340, 'I said that I thought Charles Albert deserving, of death but that his death would not save Italy ? I gave him (Gallenga) a thousand francs and told him that he should have a passport in Ticino. . . . . In the hours that be passed with me, I suspected that he was more spurred by a wild ambition of fame, than by the sense of an expiatory mission to fulfill. He often reminded me that since Lorenzino de Medici a like deed had not been accomplished, and he recommended that I should write, after his death, a few lines upon his motives. He left, and crossing the St. Gothard, he wrote me a few words full of enthusiasm.' One instance more of the proved compli city of Mazzini with assassins, and we have done. Every one remembers the attempt made to assassinate Napoleon III. by Greco and RutBni four years ago. Through a motion in the British House of Commons, by Sir L. Palk member for South Devonshire for the correspondence be tween the Government and the Pro cureur-Imperial at Paris,, relative to the trial of Greco, the must convincing proofs were given to the world of Mazzini's missioii of assassination. - Amongst others, Mazzini's letter to ?Daiiiel.-Manin, the Venetian refugee at Paris' was read, which asserted and vindi cated the theory of v assassination, of which letter the following are extracts :— u Sacred in the hand of Judith is the sword that took the life of Holof ernes. Sacred ' was the dagger which Harmodius encircled with roses. Sacred was the dagger of Brutus. Sacred the stiletto of the Sicilian who began the Vespers, Sacred the. arrow of Tell. . — . . . -Whenever; justice is extinct, and a single tyrant cancels, through terror, and denies!) the conscience; of a people and the God who willed them free'-if a mail pure from hatred arid every base passion, arises, in the religion of country and in the name of the eternal right incarnate within him, and says to him,— Thou torturest millions of my brothers. ; thou withholdest from them that which God has decreed theirs ;; thou de stroyest their bodies;'- and corruptest their souls; through1 thifiS :rny country . dies a lingering death--;|:thmi art the keystone of an entire edifio$r$)'f Slavery, dishonour and wrong ; I o vevtAiw that edifice - ^by dis lodging theo ; I recognise in ;fchat tVernend ous manifestation of equ;V!:ity, between the tj'rant of 'millions and a single, 'individual, the finger of; God.' Such, dearly ' .beloved; is the doctrine of Mazzini's ' mission ;' and such his blasphemous assertion tliat the hand of the assassin is guided as it were, by the finger of God. He. has persistently carried out the mission for over thirty years, and recently, the rules of a society founded by him and cal|od't'by the name of the ' Holy Phalanx' have been published in the Go' vernmeni official journal at Bologna, the principal requirements of the members being the' assassination1 of princes and. the estab lishment of Republics similar to that of Fran.vo in 17!'-3. Such is Joseph Maazini, the pjifcrou of ;is3;issin;».ti()i)- the fomentor of revolution, the organiser and the soul of the ' most diabolical secret societies that ever existed. Let us now turn to his worthy compeer and hearty co-operator— Garibaldi. The leading features of Garibaldi's life are sufficiently known to you to judge that he is and ever has been the f omenter of strife, and of latter years the unprincipled agent of the revolution in Italy, and the despoiler of the Church of Christ. In his Jafce attack on the Papal States, his watchword was 'Rome or death ;' but by a merciful dispensation of God, he failed in taking Rome, and by an ignominious flight from Mentanahe avoided the danger of the alternative. In his address to certain English sympathisers with his cause before his last raid into' the Papal territory, he said : |' Some hundred years ago, your brave and energetic nation over turned that tabernacle of idolatry and lying which still devours the energies of our beau tiful country. Bravely we will follow your example ; and in the place of impurity, misery, and tyranny, we will substitute the true religion of God the Saviour of all, and the true fraternity of nations.' In his travels through the several towns of Italy, he uttered the most horrible de nunciations, and stigmatised by the vilest of epithets the gentlest and meekest of men, the present glorious Pontiff Pius IX. At Voghera, a city of northern Italy, he thus harangued the mob : — ' My friends, my children, we must suffocate this sacerdotal vampire ; (it is thus he designates the Vicar of Christ on earth ;) and as to the priests, we must break their heads against the pavement of the streets. We must destroy this nest of vipers — we must destroy this progeny more pestilential than the cholera.' At Geneva, just before his last inglorious raid on the Papal States, he thus addressed the populace from a balcony : — ' Here in Geneva, your ancestors had the courage to assail the pestilential institution called the Papacy ? I call on you now to complete the work of your forefathers, by giving the last blow to the monster.' He attended the so-called ' Peace Congress' tliere, and admitted that he aimed at establishing on the ruins of Christianity at Rome the ' Goddess of 'Reason,' and in place of the morality of the Gospel, substituting the immoralities of Robespierre and his inhuman accomplices during the terrible Revolution in France. At this Congress of infidels and revolution ists the first resolution which was passed de ciared that the Papacy should be abolished ) and the second resolution declared that the religion of God should be established in its stead. -.Being pressed for an explanation of the last phrase, Garibaldi said that, by the ' Religion of God,' lie meant the ' Religion of Truth.' the ' Religion of Reason.' This is the 'religion' of Garibaldi, the agent of of the Revolution, wouid establish in Rome. It was the dream of 'Voltaire and Rousseau at the close of the last century, as of Mazzini and Garibaldi at the preseut, not on ).y to crush the Papacy, but to annihilate and banish from earth the very idea of Christianity, for in the Pope and Christianity, as taught by him, the. Revolution met the powerful barrier which stayed its progress there, and which is des tined to annihilate it. It 'is against the Papacy as the . defender of right, and the vindicator of the eternal principles of justice that the wicked agents of the revolution fight. 'Destroy the Papacy say they, and ail thrones wiil totter.'. Such are the men and such the principles against which the Holy Father has to contend. They' are the enemies that never shimber. From Vol taire to Mazzini and to disciples yet un born, the watchword 'Death to the Papacy' is, and will be passed along. It 'therefore behoves us children of the Church to assist our Venerable and; beloved Chic- f,. who bars the' progress of disorder .and ra'/oiutiixa^Bob only with material aid, but, also with. '.'.our prayers. The brave ' Pai -at arihy 'hits lately covered itself with glory and; exhibited a valour- worthy of-' the di\ys' of chiv-ilry in j the signal victory of Mentana. -The Catholic world rejoiced us' it was the most1 signal triumph of right over might in motions history. From', all party of- -/Christy adorn, money and , volunteers ;u-o sent to 'dui'«j'td liis^Hoiiness. Let us follow' ? their example. Let us also pray ? fervently' durihg 'the ap proaching Triduum, and with our whole hearts and souls sitppiicivto God through the, intercession of His Immaculate Mother raid of 'the patrons of the Holy See, SS. Peter and Paul,, whose.' festival we celebrate, that the Holy Father may triuinpli over nil 'his enemies and that the inHcluaatU'iJs of thu' wicked men that now plot :'tlie downfall and destruction of the' Papacy and -of Christianity may be signally defeated. - The grace, of -Our Lord Jesus Christ, and the charity of God, and the communication-; of the Holy Ghost be with you all. Amen \- '?';?; : ;?' tMATTREW, / , Bishop op'Bathbst. ; Siarkb O'H.a!lcr:i?i of i.Vi ?] j-.-^uj. street:,. DoiiUe Bay, srKxilsiivsi.er. ?' Luhijftitjs. . £'S;j, Jo* 'A^ifl, E9. Mr. M:»oicMizie, otfieial 'a«ai;.uYe;.\'''' ? ; Wn U or Taylor, o\ \ji-r!ii, farmer. Li ilvliUc-' -^3 -Ms. A^et*, ? £0 !!)?. 3!. Mr. S.:;i:;,i!i, V it) jinl I'.&^iu - j eu. . . ? ' . . .; ,.; .;.;.... ;,/. '. .;: 