I destruction of her majesty's !» THEATRE. SON the night of Friday, December G, one of lithe handsomest, certainly, if not tho finest, Htheatro in London wont tho way of all Sthcatres, aud was hurnt to the ground in less lit hail two hours. M The ilro was first observed at about a Siqunrter to 11 o'clock, nnd shortly after tho jggfii'st alarm all tho neighborhood knew it far flnnd near, for the theatro was ono gigantic jjgnass of flatno in a few minutes. Anything Miko attempts to save property — that is "to say, |||hc properties in the theatre — was out of the Question, for tho interior glowed like a tur- ISn'acc, and the Jlames, darting through tho ffijlight roof, created a draught which instantly SgBiade all hope of saving oitlicr the building or jSlnytliing in it totally impossible. Detnch- Pftents of the Foot Guards, both from Well ington-barracks and the barracks at the back PBa the National Gallery, came up almost BSHmultancously with the police. "With tho ginsistauco of this force the streets leading to IBe theatre wero kept clear, aud the fire lljfinina all round Regent-street, Haymarket, Inptl Ball Mall turned fully on. Tho supply raHf water "seemed ample, and lire-engino after SBpe-cngino as they came rapidly up wero, gffiuler the directions of Oaptaiu Shaw, at ouco jsaBbt iuto the best positions for cheeking tho Hpread of the llaincs, for all liopo of cxtin- SaBnshing them at their source was hopeless. S9ho glare at this time was seen all over the oHctropolis, aud tens of ihousauds fiockcd ||||om all points towards the great centre of ||rae disaster, while cabs, carriages, aud even iMaggons, blocked the thoroughfares which led ISp ir. In a short time the steam firo-engines |lKcrc iu full work ; and as fast as tho now, it IffiPl to be hoped, obsolete baud ongincs arrived ia|oy, too, 'were set to work. The steam JmBigiiies threw volumes of water with tre- Hfflcndous foree, and wheretheir jets fell they HMcmed to explode iu clouds of stcntn. Not SB with the hand engines, which required Sglkirty soldiers to work them, aud the l'ecblo gSBibble from which was easily directed and Bvcrucd by ono mnu. Tho exertions of tho jBomcn wero beyond all praiso. They climbed HBong parapets and copings at heights which Hnado ono cold to look at them, dragging with fflthem great lengths of leather hose' with Hsylvicfi to play upon tho llaincs at any point Bftliut seemed of consequence, no matter what tho risk to tho men tliemsolvefl. Jn spito of Silamc :,njl smoke and a terrific storm of burn- Sing fnmimcnts, they kept their places ou tho H roof, comrades below now and then 1 turning yArs of water upon and around them i to keep tho spots cool ou which they 1 stood. I The scene was ono of tcpriblo grandeur. I The roof of tho theatre fell amid a shower of I sparks and burning fragments, leaving a gigantic mass of whito ihuuo in the centre, the very heat of which alone was charring up and burnjng building after building around it. All the steam fire engines wero at full work, nnd the monotonous thud thud of tlioso worked by baud wero the only sounds which broko upon the hoarse roaring of the crowd and tho heavy flap of tho great slieots of llauio, which seemed to jeopardise tho existonco of every building near the placo. Ovor the front of tho clubs in Pall-nuill tho burning frag ments fell thick as hail ; indocd, it was im possible at times to pass along this thorough l'aro without danger of being sevorcly burnt. The chiefs of tlie police and firemen working, among theso ; the shouts and cricB of tho men on the roof of the building itself aud colonnade giving directions, amid the glaring uproar beneath, whorb to place tho engines ; Tthe efforts '.of . tho soldiers to keop tho great moving mass of .pocplo. back, .all made up a 8cono ns exciting and as grand in its torrors as the groat iiro some yours ago at Cotton's wharf. 1 House after house around it was gutted, in spite of all the efforts of tho firemen. Tho flames, howovcr, wore well within control, and the engines were principally used to lceop the walls of tho'inain building cool, for in many places they wero bulging ominiouBly. Still, from this work they hud evory now and then to be diverted as frosh fiamos appenrbd in tho housos nroiiud. It lias always been said that Hor Majesty's Theatro was so provided with largo water tanks on tho roof, that anything like, danger to the building from firo was im possible. What theso tanks wero doing it is impossiblo to say ;"but ono, nt least, when the flames reached it, burnt with a fiereo flaino like so much straw. That thoro could have beou "any ivater iu it is impossible. Of tho theatre itself, one of tho finost in vtho world, nothing remains but tho bare, roofless walls, nnd immense masses of charred materials in indoscribablo coufusion eovoring the whole space on which the building stood. All tho costly properties, all tho wardrobes of tho establishment havo perishod, as have also tho instruments of tho orchestra, the grand pianos, and a musical library of incalculable' value, which had taken years to collect. Mademo ' Titions alone has lost jewel! ry worth from £1000 to £1200, in addition to all her maguificont stago dresses The grand organ, which cost nearly £800, and all tho stago scenery and decorations, painted for the most part hv Telbin, Grievo, and Caleott, have been destroyed, and the whole fabric, with all its surroundings, is in ruins. By au odd circumstance, the only thing which has survivod tho general wreck is the dress in which tho ghost in Don Giovanni was wont to bo played. 