NERVOUS MEN. A nervous man is with many a frequent subjccc of derision; yet there is perhaps in this world hardly a creature deserving of more pity than a nervous man. The irrelevancy of his conduct is melancholy. His is the keenest misfortune of human lite-the consciousness of many mistakes without the power ot rectifying them. In5 his mind there is an enduring sense of his own inefficiency. He presents the mournful spectacle of a human being whose judg ment is fettered, as it were, by a network of highly-wrought nerves. Wanting in tellectual control, his less, arms, and tongue are perpetually leading hioi into some kind of embarrassments. If he comes into a room ten chances to one that he falls over the mat in the very act of giving his name to the servant 5 or he will enter with such nervous rapidity as to make him at once the Eynthea of the minute- provoking witticisms from waffs, titters from girls, and sympathy from nervous people like himself. He cannot hand a glass of wine or a cup of tea with out upsetting it. He converses in jerks, now with an incoherent volubility, now with a slowness that makes the interven ing pauses embarrassing to the listener. The spectacle of a nervous man is a study which . no lover of observation would willingly forego. Watch him in a quad rille-his hands, if they are not forcing each other's gloves vet farther down. upoD his fingers, are wandering furtively about his clothes, like the dove of INoah that I could not find a resting place. He re ceives the most harmless question from his partner with an air of dubiousness, as if he thought to discern within it the lurking element of some facetious irony at the expense of his nerves. Then comes the quick, abrupt answer, the general jerk of legs, arms, and head, the rapid question, and perhaps a sense of over whelming confusion because in his ner vousness he has neglected to commence the figure which some vis-a-vis has called upon him to begin. If there be a pur gatory for nervous men, we should pro nounce it to be a square dance. A waltz is bad enough, but the exertion warms him up to the enjoyment There is a reassur ing sense in his mind of his being un noticed amidst the whirling throng. Could you only contrive, however, to whisper to one of those nervous waltzers that he is being watched, you would then witness a sight which, if you are malicious, you would probably enjoy. He will be almost certain to fall-to trip over the trailing skirt of some sweeping dancer, and bring himself and perhaps others with a crash and a cry to the ground. This sphere, however, of the nervous man's operations is verv limited, and can only be indicated as the source of some enjoyment to the malicious spectator. Nervousness is by no means incompa tible with gentlemanly- conduct. True, it will almost invariably mar the effect of politeness-lending to the actions of a man a character that will seem to savour much of what may be called an inoffensive gauclierie. But it is very hard to laugh at a nervous gentleman. It is pitiable to witness the well-bred undertone that seems struggling for a refined expression through the complicated and embarrassing move ments of great nervousness. Here is visible all the consciousness of right, of propriety, of the charms of a polished auaiabilit\, and the necessity of a plain and manly courtesy. Yet etch movement of the nervous man falsely interprets the dictates of his disposition and nature. The melancholy sense of always inviting the scrutiny which he would give his right hand to elude is ever upon him-rendering more treacherous those promptings which could only be rightfully suggestive in the complete absence of every species of timidity. We suppose there is hardly a situation in this drama of existence in which ner vous men do not find themselves con fronted by some unlooked-for embarrass ment. If you want to make such a man thoroughly miserable, call upon him to admire the baby in its mother's arms. Does he tell you he thinks it a sweet little creature ? Be sure that there is upon his face as lie utters his criticism an expres tion such as you might expect to see upon the face of a boy who should have been ordered by a ghost or some other terrible apparition to call it pretty. Leave him alone with this baby, and all his love of children will confess itself perhaps in the most emphatic manner. But whilst the mother is watching him this love is driven out. of his eves and transformed into a sense of profound discomfort. He abruptly expresses the true conventional sentiments of admiration; and retires mortified with the consciousness of having once more made a fool of himself. So, when called upon to respond to a toast, his pallor is distressing. He rises with a kind of side ways movement, with a view, perhaps, to show as little of himself as possible to those who are seated opposite. There is no indignation or irritability in the glance which he throws at the person to whom he may be indebted for his embarrassing situation. His eye are vacant of* all sense but that of the sense of confusion. If he is prepared to speak, having been fore warned that he will be called upon to do so, it is possible that he may get along with a sufficient nervous dexterity for some time. But let only a cry be raised, let there happen only the most trivial in terruption-'he is done. He will start, will pause, will lose the thread of his thoughts, sustained only by concentration of memory, grow incoherent, and seat him self amidst applause which he is tortu ringly conscious of being ironical. Matthew Brown, in a volume of assays recently published, makes a very good defence for the nerves, and to people afflicted with this doleful complaint we commend its perusal. Scattered through out the works of Charles Lamb, too, will be found many solacing assurances upon the same subject. If we were physiolo gists we might venture to construct a theory which should, at all events, prove to nervous men that theiis is a complaint that engages the attention of others besides themselves. Knowing nothing of the science, however, we must fain con tent ourselves with the few observations we have here set down. -Leader. 