"ATTE BOW." BY PETER 'POSSUM [Written expressly for this Journal.] "Bow, Bow, Bow, Bow, Bow!" bark the railway porters in chorus, as they trot in and out like collies amongst the crowd of embarking and disembarking passengers, who jostle one another like sheep at the door of a slaughter- house. The place is strangely changed since Madame Eglantine learned to speak French "——full fair and fetisly After the school of Stratford atte Bow." Railway embankments hem it in as Vauban's mounds encincture Lille. An old Gazetteer – not so very old either – says of Bow, "This place was once noted for an extensive porcelain manufactory, but there is nothing of the kind now remaining." In our " now" manufacturers have annexed a good part of the parish, overunning into Stratford. Langthorn, from which it is only separated by the Lea and Bromley, into which it dovetails as fat and lean run into one another in marbled beef. Podgy little parish-posts, inscribed with the respective initials, perk themselves up back to "back in bewildering frequency, and Bumble-like "parochial " importance, to mark the zigziggingly conterminous boundaries of St. Leonard's, Bromley, and St. Mary's, Bow. Both for what is modern and for what is ancient in it the district is curiously typical. It shows with odd emphasis how in England new wine can be poured into old bottles, and aged garments patched with fresh-made cloth. White painted stucco villas, looking as crumbly as bride-cake, flank the Bow station ; on the other side of the road dumpy, drowsily substantial almshouses of time-mellowed brick rise from grass-plats in which they seem to be rooted, with later additions in the same style of archi- tecture that do not so much appear to have been merely mortared on to the old buildings as to have grown out of them like twigs from old pollards. Scotticisms, Yorkshire-isms, Lancashire-isms plenti- fully spice and lard the indigenous dialects of word-clipping metropolitan middle Saxon and nasally drawling East Saxon. Fiercely bearded railway-guards, very proud of their uniform, and fingering their bright whistle-chains as if they were gold alberts ; engine drivers and stokers, – with nothing bright about them but the metal rims of their cap-peaks; corduroy clad railway porters, atmosphered with grease and morose despondency, are hurrying home to dinner ; a hundred or two of "hands," in duck equally calculated with the stokers' to drive a laundress melancholy-mad, are taking theirs al fresco from their tin cans and boxes supplemented with pewter pots, as they squat in line, lounging against a dead wall chalked with Mr. Griffiths' not very flattering characterisation of him- self as "Fire, Thieves, Fire ; " when all at once there rises from the earth, as it were, an old world fairy vision. A dozen little charity-girls, the tallest not more than a yard high, trip past two and two, in grass green caps and frocks and gipsy hats brought down over their chubby little cheeks, with ribbons of the same fresh colour. The poets surely have been premature in bemoaning the Exile of the Good Folk. One little lass carries a dahlia in her bare hand – it seemed strange that it is not a foxglove. Here an end wall displays its patchwork embellishment of Titan-typed new= periodical posters and sprawling sensation-scenes from Nobody's Child and Footprints in the Snow ; there lurks a tiny-sashed butcher's shop, whose customers have to stoop as if they were standing in a fishing- smack's cabin; and yonder is a cavernous little tobacconist's, which cannot be entered without risk of knocking one's head against the pile of black and yellow, or blue, red, and green muffins dangling from the lintel. At the gasping mouth of a cramped London-like court stand a knot of thoroughly London-like roughs, glancing hither and thither with the swift, fierce slyness of a rat ; and not many yards off, an old maid, with eyes as knowing as an old ewe's, leans chatting through an open window with a contemporary virgin in curl- papers. Bow and Stratford omnibuses are rolling up and down, their cute conductors looking contemptu- ously on the suburban district as semi-yokel ; and hay-carts with return cargoes of manure are crawling countrywards, their prone rustic drivers still fancying themselves in London, and therefore still afraid to compose themselves to sleep upon their ammoniacal couches, in which they bury their chins as upon a bed of roses. On their way back to their Essex farms, however, the heavy-eyed, heavy-footed smock-frock will scarcely pass a more country-townlike church than St Mary's, Bow. The old fashioned High-street spreads out its arms to embrace it. Tall red brick houses, looking as ripe as russet in the autumn sun- light, and as primly quiet as canons' residences in Cathedral closes ; low, gabled houses, with plastered or painted fronts, whose pig's-eye case- ments blink in the autumnal blaze ; and hydro- cephalous houses, whose bulging upper stories give their ground floors a "bonneted" aspect, curve round the hoary shrine. Faded crimson curtains, exposed for sale, dangle on poles protruding from the upper windows. Old fashioned trade inscrip- tiona, in lanky, faded, gilt letters, line the swelling walls with radiating gold when the October sunshine burnishes up the tall, dim type. In the midst stands the Twelfth Century, grey, worn, but still alive. St. Marys, Bow, became a parish church only some century and a quarter ago ; but Henry the Second built it, and enough of the stones he laid are standing yet to make it still his church. The upper portion of the tower, with its little turret at one angle (why do ecclesiastical architects play into the hands of church satirists by lifting up such candleless scones ?) is of later, though yet not yesterday's stone ; but the lower part was piled by masons that received Plantagenet wages. Its edges and the mullions of its windows are worn and notched like wave-gnawn wreck ; here bleached, there blackened, it bears the record of a weary wash of Time ; but, nevertheless, it looks still unsapped by the ever-flowing billows. The church is a curious study in historical geology. A stratum of brick, brightly red many a year ago, has grown black over the grey lower wall that it repaired. Farther on juts out squarely more modern brick, still ruddv and discernibly mortar-lined. In spite of the modulating touch of weather-stains, there can be no mistake as to where the old tower ends, and the newer, although already venerable-looking-tower begins. Old mural tablets seem sinking and fading into the older walls ; their scroll-work crumbled, and their nearly vain memorials blurred with grime. Grey tombstones thickly dot the pali- saded island of grass in the midst of which the old church dozes. A grey-haired verger as wafermg a. damp parish novice, in which 1867 stands out in fat figures, upon its door ; north, south, east, and west, railway engines are rushing and screaming, like escaped lunatics. In spite of the strange changes that generation after generation it has witnessed going on around, the old church still, after a fashion, does its old duty. The Past dies hard in England – as long as it has breath left in it, it refuses to be superannuated. Where pre- scription is so stoutly vital, an occasional "leap m the dark" need not greatly flutter our nerves. High Streets run into one another on the banks of the Lea. Into the quaint High-street of Bow, the quainter, quieter High-street of Bromley protrudes two curving horns, like a timidly tentative snail ; and on the other side of Bow Bridge, the High-street of Stratford begins. The famous old bridge is gone – the bridge which Maud built, Henry the First's Matilda ; although some antiquaries, not satisfied with so modern an origin, passed it on to their pet performer of all good deeds, King Alfred. Stowe thus relates its history :–"This Matilda when she saw the forde to be dangerous for them that travelled by the old foord [Old Ford] over the river of Lue (for she herself had been well washed in the water), caused two stone bridges to be builded, of the which, one was situated over Lue, at the head of the town of Stratford, now called Bow, because the bridge was arched like a bow ; a rare piece of work ; for before that time the like had never been seen in England. The other over the little brooke, commonly called Chavelle bridge. She made the King's highway of gravel between the two bridges ; and gave certain manors to the abbess of Barking ; and a mill, com- monly called Wiggon, or Wiggen mill, for the repayrmg of the bridges and highwaie, but afterwards Gilbert de Montfichet founded the Abbey of Stratford in-the-Marishes, the abbot whereof, by giving a piece of money, purchased to himself the manors and mill aforesaid, and cove- nanted to repair the bridges and way, till at length he laid the charge upon one Hugh Pratt, who lived near the bridges and causeway, allowing him certain loaves of bread daily, and by the alms of passengers he kept them in due repair, as did his son William after him, who, by the assistance of Robert Passelow, the Chief Justice in the time of Henry the Third, obtained these tolls : – Of every cart carrying corn, wood, coal, &c.;, one penny, of every one carrying tasel, twopence ; and of one carrying a dead Jew, eight pence ; and put up a bar on Lockebreggs. But Philip Basset and the Abbot of Walkham, having broke the bar rather than pay the toll, the bridges and gateway remained unrepaired. In the meantime Eleanor, queen of Henry the Third, caused them to be mended at her own charge, by Wil- ham, the keeper of her chapel ; and William de Carleton kept them afterwards in, repair, till a new agreement between the abbess and abbot took place for that purpose." We can't write Annalsin that style now-a-days, cramming every clause with fact, and yet managing to slip in sly fun. Stowe must have chuckled when he gave the toll for a " dead Jew" as quietly as if Israelite corpses were as commonly carted about as corn-sacks. In his History of Essex (1835), Mr. Wright gives an engraving of the old bridge as it then appeared, still in some sort preserving its ancient identity, notwith- standing the new toeing and heeling, soleing and upper- leathering it had again and again undergone in the course of centuries. It makes quite a pretty little picture, with its rustic battlement of wooden rails and rough stone arches, mirrored in the limpid Lea. There is nothing very picturesque in its busi- ness-like successor which spans the river with a single arch ; and a black sewer supplies the place of the watery looking-glass. The tanned sails of the barges that float upon the viscous flood, look quite brilliant in com- parison with the stream which does not mirror them. "Flood" and "stream" are misnomers for the scummy, semi- stagnant water. It crawls along obscenely like a slow, slimy reptile. It looks as little likely to have a legend connected with it as any gutter, and yet it is the scene of monkish miracles. When Erkenwald, the first Bishop of London after the building of St. Paul's by King Ethelbert, had died m the Abbey of Barking, a hot dispute arose between his sister Ethelburgh, the abbess, the con- vent of Chertsey, and the citizens of London, as to the disposal of the holy prelate's body. Although the Virgin Mary was the patroness of the Barking nuns, and Erkenwald had erected the abbey m her honour, the Cockneys, who claimed his corpse in the name of St. Paul, were enabled to carry it out of the fishy little Essex town by means of a miracle. But when they got to Stratford with it, the Lea had risen and barred the road into Middle- sex. Again, however, a miracle was wrought in favour of the Paulines. The bier was safely borne across the flood, and the dead bishop was carried in triumph into London to be canonised and work more miracles there. So highly was his memory revered, that in the reign of Stephen a magnificent shrine was erected against the east wall of St. Paul's Cathedral, into which his bones were translated with great solemnity, and vast sums were expended from time to time in adorning it with gold, silver, and precious stones. The historiographer of Barking, just quoted, states that the abbey was founded "in the reign of Sebbi and Sighere, kings of the East Saxons." How queer all these old names sound now-a-days upon Bow Bridge ! How many of those who cross it Stratfordwards bear in mind that they are entering the whilom do- minions of Sebbi and Sighere — know anything about, ever heard, indeed, of, those uncouthly named monarchs ? It seems far easier to believe in, and attach personalities to, Gog and Magog. On the míddle Saxon side of Bow Bridge there is a gloomy little wharf, with market vans sulkily slum- bering in its sheds, and a black crane standing on its quay. The hooked chain dangles over the dark stream as if an ogre were angling for corpses. On the East Saxon side there is a melancholy row of lime- kilns, with red-eyed, desiccated white-dusted fami- liars moving about ghost- like in the lime-littered yard. The road runs between mean little houses ; mills with weatherboard top stones, brickwalls irregulariy pock-marked with little windows, caver- nous water arches, and tiny jets of steam issuing from out-of-the-way nooks, as if young steam-engines had got into dark corners to smoke upon the sly ; timber yards scored with St. Andrew's crosses of plank, and block-housed with stacks of square- piled logs, and cement dealers' yards in which broad-muzzled drain-pipes lie about like cannon in an arsenal, tiles are stacked round poles like flagstaffed martello towers, and countless slates, leaning and heaped one upon another, might suggest to a hypochondriac schoolmaster the idea of a king- dom's dictation-exercises collected for his correction. On either side of the road spreads a network of muddy water, slimily curving round brickwork that has accommodated itself to the meandermgs of the laby- rinth, and fortified itself against their sapping with wooden piles. Under the road creeps a canal, on which Stygian gondoliers are poling coal-lighters along. Under the road also passes a little railway, that looks as dank and damp as a canal run dry. Flush with the level of the road, crosses the Northern Outfall Sewer ; its coarsely grassed embankment scarring the country like a scabby, swollen cicatrix. So the road goes on until it brightens and widens into the Stratford Broadway – a cheerful medley of Urbs and Rus. It boasts a smart branch London bank, but one yawning clerk is looking out of window and another, with his hands in his pockets, is standing on the doorstep. Trusses of straw, cubes of mahogany-hued old hay, heaped on the pavement in front of old fashioned corn-chandler's, peep side- long, through plate glass windows, at the latest fashions displayed by neighbouring pushing drapers ; and over the way the old stone Swan broods, as in the old coaching days, over the old water-troughed hostelry to which it gives its name. And farther on the street forks off into rural roads with old trees, and white-railed reaches of green turf, in front of their verdantly front gardened houses. There is very little of a country look, however, in the surrounding marshes. The squat leafless trees that bristle up in them have a worn out broom-like aspect. The sheep that dot them are as black as chimneysweeps. The sails of the marsh windmill twirl their tips above a railway embankment. On all sides railways bar the sky ; with shimmering trains thundering along, or detached engines shriekingly calling the attention of the public to their capriciously executed pas seuls. Is their vibration perilous to windows ? At any rate, itinerant glaziers may be seen tramping from Bow to Stratford in Indian file. Factory chimneys also bristle up from the marshes like black beanstalks, overtopped by taller newer ones still cased in scaffolding. It is hard to realise the time in which the flats were not sparsely dotted with grimy sheep, but roamed over by sleek herds tranquilly fattening into abbey beef. Yet, as we have seen from Stowe, there was once an "Abbey of Stratford in the marishes." The Holy Virgin ind All Saints were its patrons, but they could not save their Cistercian protégés from being flooded out, The moist monks found temporary refuge at Billericary ; but "one of the Richards," as Leland vaguely phrases it, repaired their old home and established them in it once more. Its abbot sat in Parliament. The Countess of Salis- bury, whom Henry the Eighth beheaded, lived in the abbey just before the Dissolution. Its abbots, as before mentioned, had to keep Bow Bridge in repair. How their reverend brother of Waltham got up a Rebecca riot and broke their bar has been recorded ; but the Protestant tenants of the abbey lands were obliged, like their old lords, to do the bridge-mending. "In 1691," says Morant, "a cause was tried by an Essex jury at the bar of the King's Bench – the King versus Buckeridge and others – for not repairing a highway, ratione tenuræ, by reason of their holding or teure, between Stratford and Bow. The evidence for the King was, that Maud, the queen of Henry the First, built this bridge, etc., that at the dissolution the Stratford Abbey lands, being vested in the Crown, were granted to Sir Peter Mewtis, who held them charged with the repairing of this highway, and from him, by several mesne assignments, they came to the defendants, who (the facts being proved) were ordered to abide by the tenure." Another curious illustration this of the endurance of the Old in England. But of the Abbey to which the lands belonged not a trace remains. It has vanished as completely as the contemporary mists that crept and clung about its walls. Its very foundations have been dug up. Amongst them was found the priory-seal, engraved with a vainly guarding griffin, and the ironic legend – Nuncio vobis gaudium et salutem. Remem- bering the ancient splendour of the old church in Stratford marshes, it is strange to see her only repre- sented in Stratford High-street by a mildewed box which, but for the cross upon its roof, would look like a Little Bethel. The suburban roads of London are, for the most part, depressing thoroughfares. The shops that protrude over what were once front-gardens, like pulled out drawers ; the garden-plots that have not been weeded or gravelled for half a dozen years ; the mouldering stucco and dusty blistered paint of whilom cheerful little homes that have been annexed by struggling milliners, and tailors, and photographers, or turned into "Lodgings for single men;" the comparative emptiness of the pavements and the roadways, cast a chill on the passer between city bustle and rural freshness. The eastern end of the Bow Road, how- ever, has not yet reached this shabby stage of tran- sition. Lodging-letters, it is true, have invaded it in force, but the numerous white cards that speck its windows retain the respectability of " Apartments for Gentlemen." The windows are kept bright, the gardens are kept trim, paint is renewed ; the houses have not yet lost caste, and assumed in desperate despondency the dirty-shirt-sleeves-and-seven-days'- beard appearance that characterises most of those just spoken of. Their brick is not as yet black, but only brown with smoke. Substantial city men, of an old-fashioned turn of mind, seem still to tenant the Bow Road, speaking of " Town " as if it were a dozen miles off from their rural retirement. The railway arch that spans the road still seems somewhat out of keeping with the thoroughfare ; and so does the staring advertisement of a cheap Sunday paper decorated with the portrait of a spectacled peruser of the same – that sprawls from end to end along the battlements of the arch on both sides. The Bow Road still looks light and airy, and in it there is actually a cheerful-looking "Union" – a workhouse with Italian towers, and grass, and shrubs, and flowers, and winding, well-rolled gravel walks in front. A silent side street leads down to a dwarf, palisaded cemetery wall ; a street of trim little muslin-curtained houses that must be tenanted by clerks who are busy quill-driving in the city, whose wives have gone out shopping, and whose "infants clamourous whether pleased or pained," have yet to make their appearance, – for you might hear a pin drop on the pavement. Seen from behind, the workhouse looks a good deal more prison-like. En revanche, its upper windows com- mand a full view of the graveyard. With what eyes do the paupers regard it ? Does the chaplain moralise it for the profitable humiliation of their haughty souls ? or do they long to exchange their workhouse blankets for its verdant sods ? It might not, perhaps, be a pleasant prospect to have constantly under one's eyes, but to the chance dropper-in the Tower Hamlets Cemetery is a quaintly soothing oasis of grass and quiet in the midst of grimy brick and railway rush. On three sides it is hemmed in with masonry ; a rail- road bounds it on the fourth. Hammers are rattling around ; ever and anon a panting, screaming engine and a rumbling train cast their shadows on its sward ; or from an engine that has pulled up a stoker shouts recognition of an acquaintance whom he has dis- covered lounging amongst the weeping ashes. Never- theless, the yellow leaves fall, and the bell of the little chapel tolls, and the robins, perched on the gravestones and statues, pipe their sweet little autumn song, as tranquilly, and the October sunlight broods as calmly, over the nasturtiums and holly- hocks and dahlias in which the mellowy ruddy little lodge is smothered, as if the place were scores of miles away in the midst of cornfields and ancestral elms. Some things about it, nevertheless, are strangely non-rural. Not only is the turf stabbed with re- quests to visitors not to walk upon the grass, but similar boards inform them that £5 is the penalty for picking flowers. The walls are spotted with little bills announcing that an impecunious disregarder of this warning has been sentenced to seven days' im- prisonment. One of the regulations painted up at the entrance forbids – of all things – " playing at fives" within the cemetery ; and they are supplemented with a notification that an "eligible portion" of it is set aside for the use of Dissenters. Just like a London boarding-house advertising " airy bedrooms" to secure the custom of country cousins! There is poetry, however, to set off this prose. Groups of East-end girls and boys are planting shrubs on humble graves unmarked by any other memorial. Over another humble grave is placed a rudely glazed, rough, black frame, containing a painfully written In Memoriam, and a coarse, cheap photograph of a hard-featured little lad ; the epitaph ending thus :– "A mother's fondest care on earth Is gone to share an angel's birth." In the shadow of the workhouse wall, there is a mound of withered sods. Initials and dates of death are carved upon the footstone ; but the only inscrip- tion on the headstone is – "The weary are at rest." A lower gate of the cemetery gives on Bow Common Lane A railway vîaduct arches over it instead of blackberry sprays, but still one cannot help expecting something rural in the Common itself. Perhaps not an undulating waste of turf, and sandpit, and rushy pond, golden gorse and broom, glossy or rusty fern, purple heather, and blushing ragged robin-roamed over by stalking geese, clogged, bur-buttoned donkeys and bright-eyed rabbits whisking their white fuds as they scamper in their short gallop to and from their holes – half hiding gipsy tents of tawny cart-tilt – and surging up against the mossy wall of a slumberous graveyard with an ivy- mantled church tower in its midst, but still an open, fresh-aired expanse of some kind. The inexperienced traveller, however, may wander across Bow Common without knowing he has been on it. He asks his way of a greasy engineer in dingy Bromley New Town (what colour it would be when it is old, the imagina- tion fails to fathom), and is told with a civil grin – "That's it, behind you – on the other side of that canal bridge". Again he crosses filthy Limehouse Cut, whose barges seem rotting in the almost stagnant stream ; but still he strains his eyes in vain quest of any sign of a common. Some of the ground is still unbuilt upon, but it is utilised as " original carpet grounds," or brick-fields, Huge mounds of dust and ashes tower in the latter ; on lower hills grinding horses are wearily circling round and round ; mud swamps and mire pools gloomily diversify the level ; masses of spoilt bricks that have run into one another – looking not unlike splashed spoonfuls of uncooked plumpudding – are strewn here and there ; and fort-like piles of white and red and yellow bricks rise bluffly above the glowing furnaces that are baking them. Instead of "ivy-mantled tower," grimily-grey Limehouse Church peers in the distance over a jumble of smutty roofs, and nearer at hand a newer district church looks as uncomfortable as, no doubt, its incumbent feels in that chaotic neignbour- hood. Cheap new houses, with their windows broken and their door handles wrenched off, stand tenantless, but other cheap houses are springing up between the bristling scaffold-poles. The older dwelling-houses with their tumbledown kennels of shops have the black-dusty, blue-mouldy, sprawling look of a cracked rotten walnut. It is a region of malodorous "works." Four black bloated gasometers rise in a square like the towers of the Castle of Giant Despair. Tall chimney stalks look down on yards and buildings that seem to have been blighted by the atmosphere of stench that broods over and around them. There is a cloacinal odour in the air – a scent as of a city of pigsties. Nameless abominations form the raw mate- rial of Bow Common manufacturers. Dirt has soaked into brick and board, and thickly furs them. The only bright, pure looking thing in the whole place is the mound of sulphur in the yard of an Acid Works. It lights up the brown-black quadrangle, littered with rusty cauldrons that might serve for bogie baths, like a thronged bank of primroses. 