THE COMING ELECTIONS. Dame Rumour is already busy about election matters. She has promised us an abundant supply of men, but has not yet said anything about measures. We know who are going to the country, but not what they are going to the country upon. As there is likely to be an unusual proportion of new candidates, the Government might acquire a prospective claim on their loyalty by issuing a skeleton programme for their benefit. It would sour the most angelic temper, and make men Ishmaelites in spite of themselves, were they to prepare a long speech on the education question, and then find that nothing would go down at the hustings but insolvency reform and red rust. We do not require the American ' platform' because we have nothing of American faction amongst us. There is no question pending on which the country must divide man for man. The governing power rests securely on an equilibrium of indifference, and is in no danger of being violently swayed by party contests. The elections will be local rather than national. Local interests and sym pathies will be the only key to the hearts of the electors, and any general question that arises will be treated more theoretically than practically. While the existing collapse con tinues the less change we make in the constitution the better. The Treasurer, in., particular, will be telling us that the revenue must be scrupulously respected; that if we alter one jot or tittle of his calculations he will not be responsible for the balancing of the annual accounts. There was never less temptation to revolution, nor so much chance for sober Conservatives anxious to tread in the footsteps of their fathers. Hustings speeches will be dull compared with those of 1865. Still, candidates must have something to talk about besides them selves. They must not forget that several 'Important matters were left over from last session for the voice of the conntry to be taken upon them. The first of these is Mr. Hay's land scheme. Since its original discus sion in the Assembly the agricultural situation has undergone a serious change, and before reviving it the effects of that change should be thoronerrilv understood. In September last the prospects of the farmers were com paratively hopefuL The growing crop pro mised a still better yield than that of 1860, and the market promised higher prices. Had this double expectation been realized, the Land Office might again have witnessed such competition as it has been a stranger to since 1865. The old ratio of from three to five pounds an acre for good land might have been restored. Then, no doubt, the farmers would have vigorously supported Mr. Hay ' in his efforts at reform. The squatting and land-jobbing bugbears would have been collected in a pile and immolated in front of the hustings. But the present aspect of affaire is very different, The pre vailing cry now is not for more land, but for public assistance to enable the fanners to retain the land they already occupy. Mr. Hay's scheme cannot be brought forward again as one of immediate importance; it may therefore not even be heard of at the elections. But its ultimate importance has been rather enhanced than diminished, and it would still be worthy of public discussion. The facts which have been published at the recent farmers' meetings in the North prove not only a failure in the present crop, bat chronic poverty in a large extent of land and among a large class of {aimers. It has been. asserted, without contradiction, that apart from red rust many sections would not have yielded more than three bushels an acre. And it stands to reason that after many years' constant cultivation there must be a great deal of worn-oat land in the colony. The unfortunate occupiers of it have begun a course of agitation for public assistance, and no one can guess where that may end. This year they must get what they want, because there is no alternative open; next bad season it will be the same, unless provision is made beforehand for more perma nent relief. All the while that the country is thus paying a heavy bonus on the cultiva tion of worn-out soil it has thousands of acres of rich virgin soil lying in sheepwalka. Whether will it be better to dispose of the latter on moderate terms, such as a uniform price of a pound an acre, and thereby enable men to help themselves, or to cling to the former out of blind conservatism, in defiance alike of science and common sense? From this point of view the land question is not out of date, and never will be till it is equitably settled. ? ? ? Second among the remanets of last session is the Road question. Settlers in every dis trict of the province have combined to ask for railways, and in most cases they have got them. Henceforth the Government may have enough to do to maintain the railways, and what is to become, of the roads ? This is no question of principle, nor one in which there need be much difference of opinion. It will silently adjust itself under pressure of the stern logic of facts. There is still, however, a trifle of the Land Fund available for road maintenance, and it may continue so for several years to come. Those who dread a local road tax may well say for the present, ' Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof.' They may rely on it that no candidate will thrust such an unwelcome topic upon them against their will. The last, but by no means the least, item in the suspense account of the present Par liament is the Northern Territory. ' ' To pay or not to pay,' that is the question of the land-order- holders, and they maybe expected to press it vigorously at the hustings. According to Mr. Strangways, whatever the Government do with this subject they will do wrong. Candidates may apply the warning to themselves, and be assured that whatever they say on the subject they will say wrong. Between the Scylla of the Liverpool River and the Charylxlis of repay ment, they must shiver their timbers some where. But in their worst disasters they should ever remember to be thankful that they are not the Ministry. The deputation of female divinities that waited on Paris was not half so perplexing as Messrs. Anstey and Tomkinson in the Chief Secretary's office. By the time these old sores have been carefully probed, the most eager candidate will have small desire to search for new ones in the body politic. If he had, he might easily find them in our educational system and the insolvency laws. The first we have outgrown, and the second never fitted us particularly well. The annual grant for education speaks well for our liberality, but the returns obtained are not so credit able to our system of teaching. The iistnbntion 01 schools among the country population, and the division of administrative power between the central and local autho rities, are both susceptible of improvement. Many things are done by a Board of disin terested philanthropists in Adelaide which ought to be attended to by the parents them selves, either through their District Councils or a special organization. On the other hand, many things might be done in Adelaide which are not done at all, because the Board has more than its proper share of work. Local interest is in itself a healthy, useful thing, without regard to direct results, and with a- little training these may be as well achieved in one way as in another. A cen tralized system is the worst adapted to educational purposes, because _ it reverses the natural order of responsibility. In stead of holding parents responsible in the first degree, the district authorities in the second, and the State in the third, the two former are encouraged to roll the entire burden on the shoulders of the State. It will soon be found more than either the Treasury or the Board of Education can bear. The solid business of the elections is not to be unenlivened by fireworks, if rumour speaks truly about a Protectionist opposition in East Adelaide. The Industrial League, which most of our readers will hear of with some surprise as one risen from the dead, are to send forth two champions against the Treasurer and Mr. Santo. It may be a satis faction to them before finally yielding up the ghost to know that they have done their best for an unfortunate cause, but we can anticipate no other result from such a contest. The Victorian elections, which are to take place almost simultaneously with our own, are expected to show a Free- trade reaction ; and it would be a curious phenomenon in colonial politics if, while Victoria calls for a return to the South Australian model, South Australia should show a disposition to follow tjie Protectionist aberrations of Victoria. Of late we have heard a little too much about Melbourne and New York to be any longer enchanted by their fiscal principles. ' 