RIVERINE INTELLIGENCE. T)HNII.IQDIN RAILWAY EXTENSION.—Mr. D. G. Jones, of this journal, is in Sydney forcing on this question witli tbe Government. 'lie is toliave an interview with the Executive, and no doubt he will put- the matter before the Government in a favourable light. Perhaps, too, he may support the movement through the Press of Sydney, and wo hope soon to record something satisfactory oil a subject which, above all others, would benefit Deniliquin and the important district surrounding it. Tt is high time tbe Government did something to make highroads fur the district, and as there is no stone to be bad excepting at such a cost as would make a road of it dearer than one of iron, the railway would be cheapest, best, and most effective. We ennsiderthat the Government are hound to make the line of railway if they wish to retain the country and prevent annexation to Victoria. At Sydney they are debating the propriety of extending the railway into the heart of the city (less than a mile in length from the present terminus), at a cost of between £300,000 and £400,000. WASHED WOOL.—We have before us a fine sample of wool, scoured at Mr. Charles Catton's wool scouring establishment, near Ilay. If the sample forwarded is an average specimen of the clip, and of the manner in which Mr. Catton gets up wools, they are of the first order. It is really beautifully white, and its brightness is most apparent. It is as soft and as white as "down." After this sample of wool washing near Hay, not a ponnd of uncleansed wool should be despatched to Melbourne or Sydney from the immediate district. We are pleased at tbe local efforts made to perfect our principal article of export, and we trust that Mr. Catton will find his establishment pay him as it ought to do. IIAY POLICE MAGISTRATE.—In reference to this gentleman's reported removal to Forbes, we may observe, in justice, that the information was believed to be well authenticated, and there was intention of the exchange between Captain Browne and Mr. Farrand, of Forbes. In Sydney it was supposed to be a fact. We merely mention this as evidence that we bad good reason to believe that the circumstances were as stated by 11s, though we are not sorry the report-was untrue, as Captain Browne is an active and efficient Police Magistrate in the estimation of a large number of the people of the district. SYPNKY STOCK AGEN- CV.—Victorian blood is L>Eiri^' infused among the stock agents in Sydney. In addition to the branch agency recently established by Messrs. Ettershanlc, Enylestone, and Co., Messrs. Burt and C11. have, in conjunction with Messrs. T?. Goldsiirough and Co., also gone into the fat stock business. Mr. George Maiden is tbe salesman for the latter lirm, and sales are held several times a week, at which Mr. Maiden officiates —so far successfully. The commission at Sydney is but 24 per cent. Stockowners enjoy greater advantages here than they do in Melbourne, and, singular enough, stock fetch, and have for some time fetched, higher prices than in the southern metropolis. We have of late several times alluded to this circumstance. The stock agency business is, however, overdone in both cities; the agents generally complain of the dulness of the times. THE VINE OR VINOCW LIQUORS.—We have frequently invited the attention of our local innkeepers to the fact of their business here being overdone—of course some will say we have what is called "a down " upon the class. In the course of active journalism it is impossible not to make enemies, and we are prepared, in the discharge of our duties, to encounter such as may arise. The innkeeper's calling has been recognised by law, and the class can never rise higher in public estimation than we would wish them to be. If we repeatedly •ask their attention to the fact that public-house keeping here is overdone—that, as a property, public-houses are sadly depreciated, and that they are not likely to increase in value, it is with no unfriendly object we do so. On the contrary, a class like the innkeepers who do so much to mould society (among the industrial classes in particular) for good or evil are a very important part of the body politic. The calling can be mcde of service to the country, or it may become its bane—an evil to the community, or it may do its part in reclaiming the country. These have always been our views, and there is no likelihood of them ever changing. But some of our innkeepers are not doing well—in the town of Deniliquin we have too many public-houses; we under estimate the amount of money laid out in the building of these houses when we put it down at X30,000. £15,000 spent on them would be ample, as it is calculated there are twice as many public-bouses as are required, so that we have at least £15,000 sunk in works therein that will never prove remunerative. ' This is a serious misfortune as well for the town as for those who have invested their lnmey in a speculation so profitless as is innkeeping. The interest on these £15,000 would, at 10 percent., lie £1500 per annum. Now, supposing that, this money, so unnecessarily spent in public-house property, had been lairl out in forming vineyards, it would, under any circumstances, have been better invested than in buildings that must yearly become less valuable. We point out these facts to shew a better source for investing money than in erecting public inns, and surely wine growing is not only more profitable, but it, is a far more healthful occupation than that of selling spirituous liquors and strong drinks. We cannot well grow to-» miii-h of the arnjic, and if we ire to crfditt.hu stnlisiies of the Alhury district—vine trowbig i=i also a better investment thrin won! growing, aivl is likely to remain so. We should be glad to see all the drugged liquors of Kurope and America that find their wav into Australia heavily taxed, so heavy as to amount to a prohibition. We are not protectionists, but- in tliis instance we would livike an exception, and put a stop to the sale of these fearful drinks imported from the countries named, and wc would substitute for them the Australian wines. We invite the careful .-intention of our local innkeepers to these remarks, because they roay, or t.liey ought to, be acceptable to them as pointing out a way for some of them to get out of their difficulties. Times are bad enough, but they have been made, worse here by a misapplication of lab'.ur aiv.l materials, as we have indicated. Foolish shearers and shepherds are getting fewer yearly, and though innkeeping here in davs gone by has been a profitable occupation there is 110 prospect of its pgain becoming so, excepting in rare instances of good luck. SKROKANT DF.VON—We have it on good authority that this officer is to be disrated but not dismissed the service. If the facts be as they were sworn to at tbe inquiry held at Deniliquin before the Bench, it. is difficult to see why Devonald should be thus punished. If in the room of leaving the prisoner (in Devonald's charge) alone even for a few seconds as appears to have been done, one of the witnesses had been asked to take charge of the rascal, it is possible that, be would not.have got nwav as he did. Tlie prisoner's career (h.-iiig well known to be of a villainous character, be is a. thoroughly incorriifible ruffian, whose fitting place is Berrima. or Cockatoo for life, should have taught Devonald not to give Stewart alias Alston a chance to get away—not even "the ghost of a chance." But then to he chained to such a ruffian day and night, going a journey of hundreds of miles ought, to lie taken into consideration in the penalty. All wo know of Devonald is favourable to him as a careful, sober officer—be is in these resnects eipial to the average of non-commissioned officers in our forna, and many will sympathise with him in his misfortune. A fine of i'5 or £10 would perhaps liavo met the momentary carelessness on his part—disrating him would savour of harshness, if not severity. PRESBYTERIAN".—The Rev. Peter Mercer will hold Divine service in the Masonic Hall to-morrow (Sunday). LIFE AT DENILIQUIN'.—On a recent licensing day a J. P. rode up to the Court-house 011 the horse of the publican who was interested in the application before the Court; the J.P. having jumped hurriedly 011 the horse in order to be in time to vote, for the license being granted. Jumping quicklv off the horse at tbe Court-house door the obliging .T.P. requested a bystander to hold the reins of the horse for a few mim-.tes, which was done, lmt the man holding the horse having some antipathy to the publican owner let go the horse, saying. " i am if I hold him any ?onger," for which expression the obliging person was fined 10s. DEEDS OF GRANT in the following list, are readv for delivery, upon payment of the assurance fee of a halfpenny for each pound of purchase money; application for delivery (if in wri!in<r) must be attested by a maeiatrate:—Isaiah Askew 40a ; ,T. Acraman and others, la lr 29p ; John Adolph 2r Tn; W. Bassingthwaighte, 70a; John Brougham, r.40a; C. N. Bagot. 320a and 84a : Willaim Books. 320.1; Joseph Becker, lr 25p, lr 23;i, and 2r; C. H. Beret ford and another, la; Joseph Becker, lr. lr, lr. and lr ; G. I?. Caldwell, G40a ; A. Campbell, and another. 40a; Daniel Capel, 40a; H. and K. Cohen, la an-1 la; Ilenrv Cornish, la; Alex. J. Clark, lr and lr; .Tas. Donoghue. 40a; F. G. D:dgetry and oihers, (i4(la, fi40a. and 41 Ra ; John Digbt, 7a 2r 19p. 17a Or 19p, la 3r 24p, 12a Or 24p, 3a Or 16p, and 8a lr 27p; Daniel Uoehard. la; B. T. 'Eves, la la ; W. P.Faithfnl. 160a ; Kd. Flood, 320a ; Thos. W. Foot, lr 29p: Fras. A. Gwynne. 640a; Richd. Gibbs and others. 160a and 320; jas. Garner, 200a; Matt. Good. ?r lOp and 2r 3p ; Peter Graham, la; Tlios. Hopkins, 40a; John Iloslcing. 50s; John Iloskiusnn, 330a: Stephen Hogg, 2a; Fre.lk. Heron, 2r; A. M'O. Hooley, 2r ; Daniel Hubbard, 2r ; Alice B. ITc- ley, la ; Win. Howlett. la ; George Kirk and another, 80a and 80a ; Hichard Kelly, 2r; John E. Kelly, la. la, and la; Richard Kelly, lr ; James Knowles, lr and lr; James Lawler, 4i'a ; Ilenry Leonard. 3r Rp,2r 25p, 2r2p: John Lupton 40a 40a, 40a. 163a ; T. H. Mate. 1 GOa ; Robt. Moloney, 100a; Patrick Murphy, 77a; Jas. C. Myers and another, la Or 18p; la Or 9p; Alex. Murphy, 63a 3p; Alfied Merriel, 2r 9p: Thos. Matthew's, lr; Daniel M'Leod, lr; Peter Nowland, lr 13p and 2r lp; John Neugent, la; Rolit. Patterson, 384a; M. and J. H. Patterson, 640a ; Geo. Peppin and others 160a; Wm. Peterson and another, 236a; \Vm. Parker, lr; Ceo. T. Preston, 61a; Geo. Hodman, 12a 3r I4p and 12a 3r I4p; Geo. Reed, la and la ; Alexr. Reed, la; Jane Reed, la; T. J. Sunmer and and another. 320a and 320; Chas. Smith, 40a and 50a; Wm. Sly. 2r; John Smith, 5fia and 40a; Robt. Tupholmne, 12a 3r lOp ; Trust and Agency Co. of Australasia, 242a; Jas. Thompson, la, la, and la; J. C. and S. Wilson, 290a and 637a; W. N. Waller. 320 and lOfia; Henry Walker, lr 36p; J. C. and S. Wilson, 320a, 320a, and 99a 2r; W. T. Wyndham. 164a. DENILIQUIN- POSTMASTER.—Mr. White will, we hear, be removed to the General Post-office in Sydney. His dismissal from the public service was under consideration of the Government. Mr. Jones, of this journal, being in Sydney while this matter was pending, called on the Postmaster-General and informed him that those who desired Mr. White's removal from Deniliquin had no wish to see him discharged from Government employ. THE UI.W'PREMIEE.—A telegram from Grafton to the S. M, Herald on 14th instant, reports that "Mr. Robertson, with the Mayor and others, inspected the hospital, gaol, and public school, and visited the suburbs. A crowded meeting was held last night. Mr. Robertson spoke for upwards of an hour. He promised an additional member for the district—telegraph to the Heads—survey of the river- -a buoy in the channel, and at the entrance— and a dredge on the same terms as other rivers— £'25 a mile for the old Armidale road—new postoffice and telegraph buildings—and repairs to minor roads. A unanimous vote of confidence was passed. Mr. Robertson on Tuesday r.ext visits tbe Richmond River. Meetings will be held at Casino, Lismore, Tenterfield, and Glen Innes. The h^n. gentleman returns to Sydney overland." Another, of the 16th, says—" Mr. Robertson has been elected nnopposed. He spoke for nearly three hours; he attacked the late Government on their dismissal of civil servants, particularly Messrs. Dnncan and Charles; he said that the late Premier had falsified the position of affairs when he had asked for a dissolution—the Land Laws would not be altered, and things will remain generally as they are. The hon. gentleman is invited to a public dinner to-night, and returns to Sydney to-morrow." CATTLE BRANDS.—We have received the third list of cattle brands, published in a supplement to the w South WMes Government Gazette. The list occupies 141 pages ; on each page is an average of 100 brands, with names of proprietors, and description of former brands, and number of each application. There is a preface notification stating that the brands specified have been allotted, and objection to any such brands must be made within two months from the date of publication, or they will be deemed.to belong to the parties to whom they are allotted. Stockholders should give this matter attention, as applicauts whose names appear therein are requested to see that their names, addresses, &c.;, are correctly given, and any errors or omissions should be at once reported. FREE SELECTION. —The following conditional purchases were made at the Deniliquin Land Office on Thursday last:—Henry Young, 73 acres, county Denison, parish of Woperana—portion 12, lot F, offered for sale at Deniliquin, on 27th May, 1868. SCAB LICENSES for 30,000 sheep were issued last month in Victoria. DENILIQUIN TELEGRAPH OFFICE.—We have to congratulate our worthy station master, Mr. Kelly, on his promotion to the Alhury office, and we feel sure that he will carry with him the warm regards of many and the best wishes of all the inhabitants of this locality, the urbanity of his conduct and his impartial attention to the duties of his office have won for himself the esteem of the public in general. AN INQUEST was held at Mr. Marshall's hotel yesterday on the body of John Falkner, -who died at the hospital on Thursday. The jury returaed a verdict of "Pied from apoplexy," with a rider to tho effect that James Currie and Henry Lee should have used greater vigilance iu. procuring medical assistance. DENILIQUIN MUNICIPALITY.—The hon. secretary to this movement (Mr. Jeffery) received last night a communication from tbe Colonial-Secretary's office that the petition has been approved of by bis Excellency tbe Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council, and that tlie Municipality will shortly be proclaimed. DENILIQUIN HOSPITAL.— Remaining last week, 12; admitted, 1; discharged, 2 ; died, "John Falkner, 1 ; remaining in hospital, 10. The Hon. Treasurer desires to acknowledge the receipt of £30 83. 6d. from Jerilderie station, being £10 10s. subscription from Messrs. Peterson and Sargood, and £19 18s. 6d. contributions from the employes on that station. 