THE SATURDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1868. THIS ATERS LAOT- SOHEMffi). Judging from the course politics are taking in the House of Assembly, it is not improbable that we may obtain a land scheme after all, which 'will be much in advance of the existing system. Crises are of some xise, because every new Go vernmeat bids higher than that which it has displaced. If any one had predicted a month ago that Mr. Ayers would have brought in, with the full consent and approval of Ms colleagues, such a measure as that propounded in both branches of the legislature on Thursday, he would have been regarded as very simple or very sanguine. But great are the advantages of adversity. The Ayers Government are not fools, and they have kept their ears, eyesj and minds open during the last few weeks, and they have picked up the crumbs of wisdom, which have -fallen from the lips of . hon. members. More than this, they have shown that they could profit by the lessons they have learnt. They were not so much wedded to their, old views as not to be able to lookrat those which were further advanced. Themselves -with their classification and. tender system, -Mr. Hart with his upset price and deferred payments for lands that ba.vft nassfid thfi liamnifir. and bis attempts to purify the auction-room, have been cast, into, the shade by the new land policy ; and the Ministry have shown' that in their land schemes they repudiate anything like finality. It is a great thing to have Ministers without stereotyped views— elastic men who can stretch a point when they are told to do sp ; who, if one set of propositions fail to give satisfaction, are so free from preju dice as to try another. We are not sure that we have yet got all that the Ayers Ministry.-r-r:nnder gentle pressure — might :be disposed to yield.; Suppose they were to be turned out (which is quite a pos sible thing), and then in the whirligig of political changes were to accede to office once more, it is not. improbable that they woum pe preparea to matte even greater concessions to demands for a more liberal land policy. The new scheme was brought forward in both Houses on Thursday, with no small amount of ability by the Chief Secretary and the Treasurer. The scheme ?embraces the proclamation of agricultural areas in various parts of the colony, sub ject to the approval of Parliament, as is now the case in the declaration of Hun dreds. In these areas the available land for agriculture is to be offered in blocks of 80, 160, 320, and 640 acres. Provision will be made in these areas for the laying out of townships with suburban land, which. shall be sold by auction. The agricultural land is to be sold by selec tion at £1 per acre, in blocks not exceed ing 640 acres, to males above 21 years of ?age, and before the land is offered, a month's notice shall be given of its being open for selection. The application for land must be in writing, and must contain an under taking on the part of the appli 'cant that he will fence and cultivate at least one-fourth of the land applied for within twelve months, and he will be re quired to pay down 20 per cent, cash de posit, and the balance at the end of twelve months, forfeiture of the deposit and all interest in the land being the penalty of non-payment of the balance. Until ^the balance is paid' the interest in the land cannot be assigned ; and in cases of death it will descend to legal repre sentatives. After forfeiture the land is again to be open for selection to the first applicant after one month's notice. If more than one person should apply for the same block, the matter is to be de cided by lot. Before the balance of pay ment for' the land is received and the fee-; simple conveyed, there must be a cerfci iiuate signed uy wu justices ana a de claration made by the selector that at least one-fourth of the land has been fenced and cultivated. In all lands out side of these areas the present auction system will be continued, and every means is to be used to counteract the im proper operations of land-jobbers. This, then, in its principles and some of its details, is the new land scheme pro pounded, by the present Government. ^We don't know whether they are pre pared to stand or fall by it, or whether it is open to modification. If the latter, then, should the Government be allowed to manipulate it a little at brought into.more symmetrical and work able shape. There is one glaring mistake on the face of the measure which we are surprised should have escaped the keen eyes of its concoctors. It is neither a cash nor a credit system. It has the dis advantages of each and the merits^ of neither. We ask our readers what ' posi tive advantage is gained by giving a puiv chaser twelve months in which to pay for his land. Suppose a selector were to take up land under this system in the present month of October, what gain would twelve months' credit be to him ? Next October, when he must pay the ba lance, he will have got nothing off the land. The 20 per cent, deposit must be paid down, one-fourth of the land must be fenced and ..cultivated, seed must be purchased and labor paid for, and before he could get one. sixpence off the land the balance would be due and must be paid under penalty of forfeiture. Of what use would such a kind of credit be to a farmer? We just mention this as one objection to the scheme ; there are others, but we need not refer to them how, as it is not improbable that the scheme will never get beyond its present stage in the Parliament. :'.??.. Mr. Strangways rose immediately after the Treasurer had made his statement, and intimated his intention of meeting the Government with a direct want of confidence motion. And he then in-' ?formed the House than in moving that motion on Tuesday he would be prepared to put before them a rival land scheme, on which, in comparison with that of the Government, he would challenge the votes of the members- This was a bold and straightforward course, and it may be inferred that the hon. gentleman now believes that the time for the lost crisis on the laud question is at hand. Mr. Strangways's announcement wasTeceived with loud cheers 'by hon. members, who, were probably curious to know what he who went down to West Torrens at the last election and defied the ^TTindmarsh bricks' on this very question would now have to offer in the way _of land reform. On Tuesday, then, we shall have a direct, manly, and unmistakeable assault on the present Government, and this time there will be a real stand-up fight. Mr. Strang ways puts his motion in the fewest pos sible words. It is— 'That this House is dissatisfied with the present Ministry.' This includes both the men and the mea sures. It leaves no loophole for escape. They who are dissatisfied with the mea sures can vote against the men on account of the measures, and they who are dis satisfied with the men can vote against the men on their own account. But suppose the resolution is carried, we have again to ask a question which we have had occasion to ask several times lately— ' What next V Of course Mr. Strangways will be prepared to accept the responsibility which rests on a member who turns a Government out ; and it may be fairly assumed from his well-known shrewdness and political insight that he knows what he is about, and is not taking a leap in the dark. It would be unpar donable for a man with Mr. Strangways's political reputation to throw but one Go vernment unless he had the strongest reasons for believing that he would be aoie to construct anotner. urreat curiosity, then, is felt to know with whom the; hon.. gentleman has taken counsel, and who are to be his future colleagues ; and even greater curiosity is felt as to what possible land scheme he can bring forward which in the present temper of the House would have even the ghost; of a chance of being carried. Mr. Strangways is an able man and an experienced -politician, and we should be sorry to see him undertake a work which resulted in failure, and con sequently in political .-weakness. But it, does admit of a question whether, with all his; acknowledged ability, he has sufficient moral standing in the House to secure the confidence of a united Tnajority, who would givie .him their support. Mr. Strangways has more than once shown his ability as a follower, but how would he succeed as a leader ? Both in temper and tact he has wonderfully improved during the last, half a dozen years, and he possesses in the Assembly an influence which is peculiarlv his own. Bv hard work and useful service he has fully earned his leadership ; but will a majority think . so ? But perhaps ;he is not aiming at leadership, and. will be content to serve if he cannot rule, and to follow if he cannot lead. Hehas been a long time on the shady side of the House, and he has a fair claim now to a seat on the Treasury Benches. But whether his motion will put nim there or not remains to be seen ; and what he will do for the land question if he gets there also remains to be seen. ~ 