QUEENSLAND NOTES. The Gladstone Observer says" The late eclipse (so we learn from a passenger per Boomerang) was total at Cape York on the I8th August. The totality lasted about eleven minutes (?), and during that time rose cploured itemes were seen projecting like ridges of mountains beyond the dark edge of the moon. The stars were plainly visible. The effect upon animals was singular-dogs howledandranfrightenedinto the houses, and fowls went to roost. The terror of the black fellows wks extreme, although they had been told of its approach." A friend who had an interview with a pas senger from Cape York, has communicated the following to the Gladstone Observer: "The Hamlet's Ghost, with the spurious Count Attems on board, put into Somerset (Cape York) about the 15th of August. On being boarded by the police boat, he made inquiries as to whether a frigate had arrived ' there, and on being answered in the affirma tive, became agitated and eagerly inquired about her movements, but appeared: re* lieved when told that the vessel was H.M.S. Virago, and that she had left the settlement in January. He remained eight days, and during the whole tame kept a bright look-out for vessels in the ofiing. The captain, 'and crew were dis charged in consequence of a row between-the ' Count' and the captain, in which revolvers were drawn. .The .crew refused to pat the captain in irons. It appears that the Count had kfcpt tlijem in awe by threatening to give them twenty-fivelashes o-piece when he- fell in-withthe Austrian -frigate he was always expecting. The acting police magistrate in duced the crew to re-ship under a fresh agree ment, all but the captain and steward, who remained behind. While in port the Countjwas always dressed in the uniform of an Austrian captain ,ot cavalry, and wore a sword when on shore. He made a great display of the money he had with him, and purposely left bills of exchange lying about his cabin for visitors to see, many of which were filled in for large amounts,. and only wanted his sig nature. 'He succeeded in imposing upon the authorities, taking, supplies for his vessel and paying for them in bills, which the holders will doubtless discover are about as valuable as drafts upon Aldgate pump. Among those who were, swindled aire two naturalists-one named Thorpe. The count bought stuffed birds, &c.;, from themto the amount of about £30, but some slight compunction must have touched him, for, contrary to custom, be paid them half cash and half by a bill. He saileii for Baiavia" on the eighth day,, leaving letters for the captain of .the-Austrian, frigate, and bis bankers mSydney.. .'3jb>e fri gate was ordered to follow him on to Timor. The captain he has ,with/-him is- one; Austin, ?late master'orbrig Reliance, which was -wrecked-on the-Selomon group. He-was picked up and brought into Boweq.. whence he shipped as mate on board the 'Hamlet's Ghost. Two days after she left Somerset, the schooner Captain Qook arrived from Bowen, with a warrant for 4he arrest of the Count." 