THE NEWS OP THE DAY. \---o--- In a day or two definite instrnctions will be issued by the Grown Lands department for the guidanoe ef selectors undor the extended regu lations of tho 42nd section ot the Amending Lmzd Act. Every requisite precaution will be taken to secure the ooiia fides o! the applicants. The allotments being already surveyed, the qaestiou at issue is simply the priority of ap plication, and to determine thia knotty point commissions will bo appointed to sit in the several localities, and adiudicnto between the olaimants. Amongst the advantages resulting from the now system may be mentioned n re duction in tho survey fees. The maximum privilege awarded to selectors of water front ages will bo limited to twenty chains; and to avoid any inconvenieace and unplea santness, the commissioners in tho several localities are authorised to supply applicants with all tho forms necessary for tho selection of land. The specific regulations for their guidance will be kept secret in ordor that no improper advantage may be taken by one selector over another. At the revision court for the Melbourne district, adjourned from the previous day ior the purpose of considering objections specially reserved, Mr Call, P.M., presided, assisted by Messrs Miohael, Curtain, Patrick O'Brien and D. M'Carthy. The presence of these function aries on the bench, simultaneously with the ap pearance of the notorious Alexander on the floor of tho court, was a subject of genoral comment. Tho entries for the Melbourne Spring Meet ing will ho found in another column. Thero are thirteen in the Maiden Plato, twelve in the Railway Stakes, thirty-three acceptances for tho Melbourne Cap, fourteen in tho Hurdlo Race, six in the Darling Stakes, four in tho Royal Park Stakes, fifteen in the Flying Stakes, twenty- five in the Spring Handicap, tivo in tho Corinthian Cup, oight in the Konr-year-old Handicap, ten iu the Plate, twelve in the All-aged Stakes, threo in tho Oaks, twenty seven in tho Victorian Racing Club Haadicap, ten in the Steeplechase, fifteen in the Queen's Plate, and fifty-one in the Free Handicap. George Middleton, the late captain of the Dayspring, waB yostorday cenvictod of having neglected to provide hia passongers with tho necessary amount ef provisions on their pas sage from Hong Kong to Victoria, and also ?with having ill-used thom. He was sentenced to sis months' imprisonment, with hard labor, on each count. The learned judge was about to sentence the prisoner to nine months' imprison- ment on the first aount and three on the se cond, when he was reminded by the Attorney General that, under tha provision of the Mer chant Shipping Act, a sentence of more than six months could not be passed for one offence. Richard Goodhind, found guilty of larceny as a bailee, waa ordered to be kept to hard labor in her Majesty's gaol at Melbourne for twelve months. J.UB (jovornmeni are engagea in me investi gation of tho circumstances connected with tho seizure of indecent photographs on the pre mises of Mr Davis, of Bourke-strcot. It is not yet known what action will be taken, but this is not the first time that tho authori ties have interposed to prevent the dissemina tion of objectionable pictures from tho aamo establishment. The Council of the Acclimatisation Socioly of Victoria held their weekly meeting yester day, at their offices in Swanston-street. There were present, Dr. Thomas Black, president, Mr F. S. Dobson, Mr G. C. Levey, Mr J. Steavenson, Mr H. P. Vonables, Dr. Frede rick von Mueller, nad Professor M'Coy. Tho minutes of (ho lus-t meeting vrero rend and continued. On hia nsbuming oflice, tho ne;r secretary to the society (Mr Lissignol) wos introduced by tho president to tho members of Jtho council present at tko meeting. Tho president informed the council that com plaints had been made to him nliout tho conduct of the soldiers of the 14th, on duty at the powcer magazine in the Royal Park, who had been committing depredations upon tho trees and fences of the gardens, inasmuch as on Monday night, through their breaking the palings of a paddock, Borne twelve deer had nearly been liberated. Tho secretary was ordored to make these facts known to tho officer in command of the regiment, re questing him to givo tho necessary orders for theso offences to be discontinued. The secretary's weekly roport upon the animals now at tho Royal Pork was satisfactory, so far as their health was con cerned. Threo applications to tho council on varioua snbjecta wero favorably received by the board, viz. : — Mr Thos. Easton, of Omeo, for a male Angora goat, to improve the breed of goats iu Gippa Land ; Mr Thos. S. Horon, P.M., at Taradale, for sparrows; nnd Mrs Ann Timbrell, of East Collingwood, for somo leaves ef tho mulberry trees in the Royal Park. A fair sbnre of tho general prosperity going seems to bo fnllingin tbe way of tho Melbourne aud Hobson's Bay United Railway Company. Tho returns for the pust week exceed tho re turns for tho corresponding week of last year by £312. The increaso ia distributed over every department of traffic. At tho meeting of the committee of tho Mel bourne Hospital yesterday, it was agreed to send a lottor of coudolenco to Mra Donovan and family on tho death of Mr Stophon Dono van, who served on tho committee for a period of ten years. A letter was read from Drs. Hal ford, M'Crea.and Tracy, doclining to assist in tho conduct of tho inquiry into tho surgical treatment of Alexander Donaldson, unless the man s relatives wero propared te abide tho issuo of tho investigation. After some discus sion it was agreed, on tho motion of Mr Harkor, to pass to tho nest business of the day, and thus the matter remains in statu quo ao far as tho Hospital committee is concerned. A sub-committeo brought up a code of rules definiDg tho duties of tho proposed resident medical head, and it was decided to tako them into consideration that day fortnight. Tho committee of management of tho AUred Hospital nddressed a communication to tho Minister of Lands on Monday, desiring that facilities might be afforded for effecting an immediate transfer of tho recreation reserve at Prahran. At the meeting this afternoon it ia expected the reply of the Crown Lands department will be made known, nnd, if so, immediate notion will be taken for the ereetion of the building. A publio meeting was held at Carisbrook on Friday last, to consider the rumored removal of Judge Macoboy to another district. It waa deeided to memorialise the Miniater of Justice against tho removal. Tho meeting soemed to take it for grunted that tho current rumors about the judge's removal aro true. There was a small attendance last evening at the Subscription Rosm, when the entries for tho Spring Meeting were declared. The room broke up early, and thero was no betting. In last night's Gazette is a notice, issued by the Inapoctor-Goncral of Customs, directing the attention of importers and others to tho 8th section of the Customs Act, the provisions of which will for the future bo strictly enforced, viz.: — 'If any package entered for duty is found to contain gooda not mentioned in the entry or invoice, or if UDy goods aro fouud which do uot correspond with the description thereof in the invoice, and such omission or non-correspondence Bhall appear to the Com missioner to huve beon made for tho purpose of avoiding the payment of tho duty or any part of the duty on such goods, or if it shall appear to the Commissioner that in any invoice or entry any goods entered for ad valorem duty have boon undervalued with such intent *aa aforesaid, or if tho oath or declaration made with regard to any such invoice or entry is wilfully false in any particular, then in any of the caues aforesaid all the packages and goods inp.lndfld nr nratt*nAad tn Tin inf-lnHnd ny mliinU ought to have been included in such invoice or entry shall bo forfeited,' In tho Equity Court yesterday, Mr Justice Molosworth made a decree nccording to the prayer of tho bill in The Attorney-General v. Sutherland and others, revoking a Crown grant of land made in mistake Arguments were then heard, and judgment reserved, in the suit of Collins v. Bobbins and others. In last night's Gazette is a novelty in the shape of a list of persons who havo lately been fined for breaches of the Customs lawa. Tho list will be found in another column. The following land sales are gazetted : — At Ballarat on 20th November, town lots in Sturt street, upset price £20 per foot frontage, also country lots in Ripon, Talbot and Grant ; at. Belvoir on 20th November, of town, suburban and country lots ; at Bonalla, on 20th Novem ber, of town and country lots ; at Geelong, on 20th November, of lota in the village of Na pier, noar the Wurdee Boluc Swamp, also in tho village of Irrewillipe, county of Heytos bury ; at Hamilton, on 20th November, of oduntry lots ; at Melbourne, on 20th November, of town lots, Melbourne oaBt, fronting Welling ton-parade and Yarra Pork, between Powlett streot and the Richmond Barracks, and oppo site the Fitzroy Gardons, upset price £300 per acre, with special conditions for oroction of villa residences, also of allotments in Beach street, Sandridge. At tho Hawthorn revision court yesterday, four methodiat local preachers named Blanksby, Bath, Padbnry and Norris were struck off the roll of voters for tho Legislative Council, having hitherto held votes by virtue of their exorciaing the function of ministers of religion on Sundays, although thoy worked at other callings during the week. Messrs Blanksby and Bath are Primitive Methodists, Mr Padbury ia a Freo Church Methodist, and Mr Norris a ' Disciple of Christ.' Mr Padbury'a case waa discussed at some length, tho others being decided by it. The court held that lay preachers were not in cluded in the extension of tho right of voting for the Uppor House to ministers of religion. In tho case of Lyons v Aarons, heard at tho County Court yestorday, the plaintiff, an auctioneer, sought to recover from the defen dant, Mr Joseph Aarons, the sum of £29 for goods sold and delivered. It appeared from the evidence that, during tlio auction sale of a parcel of blue rep in tho insolvent estite of Samuel Benjamin, a broth or of the defendant^] purchased two pieces on his behalf. After tho sale the defendant informed the plaintiff that part of the purchase was made in errer, as he had only requested his brother to buy one piece of rep, which was intended for a canopy at the Masonic Hall. Plain tiff, however, afterwards put the second piece of rop up for sale at defendnnt's risk, and knocked it down for 03 Cd per yard, the amount bid by defendant's brother having been 11s Cd. Plaintiff then sued defendant for £25 15s, being the value of the rop at Ils Cd per yard, and also for £3 5s the price of other goods which tho defendant had himself pur chased. Defendant denied his liability for the rep, which he alleged had never been delivered to him, and with reference to the £3 5a he pleaded n set off amounting to £11 10a, which ho had paid on plaintiff's account for insurance upon Benjamin's goods in the auction mart. Plaintiff, however, denied that such payment for insuranoe was made on hia account, or that ha was in any way liablo for it. Judge Pohlman, after hearing tho evidence, gave a verdict for tho plaintiff with £3 5s damages. Ho disallowed plaintiffs claim for tho value of the rep, and recommended the defendant to bring a cross action for tho £11 lGs paid for insurance, as it could not bo set off against the claim of £3 5s now allowed, because the latter was due by the defendant in his private capacity, whereas tho set off was due to him in hia capacity of trade assignee for Benjamin. We may add that Mr Aarons's claim of £11 Iu'b will come under Jndge Pohlman's ruling in Lyons v. L. and S. Aarons. Thia caso was on Friday last decided for the defendants, and that decision will operate in favor of the plaintiff in Aarons v. Lyons for the recovery of the £11 lGs in surance money. At Ballarat, on Monday, tbo casting of a large bell for the Free Church of England attracted to Mr Higgins's foundry a large num- ber of ladies and gentlemen to witness the process. The Ballarat Star gives the follow- ing sketch of the scene :—" When the proper time came, the operators threw into the furnace some 3 cwt or so of metal, consisting of old brass engine- fittings and blocks of copper and tin, more fuel was heaped on, the air-drum hummed and buzzed more vigorously, and as the sulphurous flames emitted more and more brilliance the faces of the spectators were lit up with a ghastly hue, as if they belonged to a crowd of ghosts huddling together to see a weird scene on the verge of Pandemonium. Presently, after the chief ministers in therito had poked and probed vertically and horizontally into the hissing furnace, the metal was pronounced to be ready for the flow. Then tho iron ladle was sot beneath the bottom of the furnace, nnd tho molten fluid rushed out, hissiug, sputtering, glowing, bright, with leaping flames of blue that seemed to bite spitefully at the iron rod with which one of Vulcan's men skimmed off the dross which floated on tho surface. At this moment Mrs Wilson, who bad collected a lot of silver coins from the company, threw thom into tho heaving metal, and thus contributed, let us hopo, a silvery sweetness to the bell which is by-nnd-by to call worshippers to tho church. The metal was then poured into tbe mould, and tho whole process declared to bo safely completed. Sub sequently n smaller bell was cast, the pro cess being in all respects similar to the larger affair. When tho casting of the church bell was done, the Rev. Mr Trevor, surrounded by tho spectators, approached the mould and sitid, — 'I pronounco' this bell dedicated to tho worship of God, by tho namo of St. David, in tho name of the Father, the Son and tho Holy Ghost ; Amen.' Cheers, hearty and re peated, were then given for the founder, and tho ceremony was over, save thnt thero was nn adjournment to Mr Higgins'a privato house hard by, where temperato libations were poured in further honor of tho event of tho day. The St. David bell is tbo largest ever cast in Bellaratfor church purposes, its weight being a littlo over 2 cwt, and its dimensions 26J inches at bottom, with a height of 23 inches. Tho smaller bell cast at the same timo weighed about half cwt. Tho next largest boll cast bore for church use is that of St. Peter's, in Sturt-street. which weighs about 120 lb, mid was cnat nearly two years ago at the Victoria Foundry, by Messrs Hunt and Opie. The same firm cast the largest bell yet made here, namely, the bell cist six or seven years ago for the Ballarat Fire Brigade, which weighed between 5 and 6 cwt. Mr Higgins, the caster of the St. David bell, is also the generous donor of the bell to the church, of which he is nn active member and a liberal supporter. He bears all the expense of tho process, and makes the bell a free gift to tho church." Tho gold escort which left Salo on Saturday last took about 3000 oz of the precious metal. Of this amount Stringer's Creek contributed 2000 oz, and tho Croaked River 2300 oz. A bazaar in aid of tho funda of the Philhar monic Society opens to-day, in St. George's Hall. At, intervals selections of music will bo performed by the members, and wo understand that in the substantial attractions proper to a fancy fair there will bo much to amuse visitors. A singnlar instance of sudden death occurred at Stratford, Gipps Land, on Saturday last. A man known only by tho cognomen of Billy tho Cook waa found by constable Feely, who approached him when lying on the road near to the Avon-bridge, not knowing whether he was alive or dead. Tho poor unfortunate, on being spoken to by con8tablo Feely, sat up for a few mements, and Boon after sank to the earth and died. It is supposed that tho poor fellow had been drinking hard for some time, and tho surprise of being addressod by a moni bor of the police force had an effect upon him which ho could not get over. The quarterly meeting of the Chamber of Commerce, advertised to bo hold yesterday, lapsed for want of a quorum. A most distressing accident occurred on Monday afternoon at Mr Grimley'a swimming baths, Ballarat, by which a fino young lad, named Wm. Boyd, agod fourteen years, eon of Mr Boyd, proprietor of tho Corn Exchange Hotel, lost his life. It appears thnt about four o'clock tho deceased and two boys, named John Stevenson and Wm. Morrison, want to swim in the bath, which is about 70 feet in length, 10 in width, having five feot of water at each end, with a somewhat greater depth in tho centre. Mr Grimley remained with the lads for a time, and moro than onco requcBtod them to oome out of tho water. They, however, continued amusing themselves, nna no went away 10 iransacc some Business in town. After ho had left, the deceased and young Stevenson came from the bath and com menced to dress. The former had on his shirt and trousers, and it would seom from what can be gathered from the confused account given by his companions, that while- playing on tho spring-board he tumbled off and fell into the water. Ho was well able to swim, but must havo lost all presence of mind, as he immediately commenced to struggle in such a manner that he was being gradually drawn under the water. He remained in this state for somo time, when the other boys becoming frightened ran into the houso and gave tho alarm. Mrs Grimley came out at ouce, and found the lad sinking, with only the top of his head above tho water. She immediately pro cured tho long pole, which is always kept near tho bath, and with this sho succeeded in raising tho lad's head out of the water. Ho waa quite sensible, but almost suffocated, and quite powerless., He made an eilort to hold on by the pole, but he missed bin grip and aauk. Mrs Grimley again raised him, and now he was within a yard of the edge of tho bath, and close besido tho stops, but from some cause the lad could not maintain hia hold, and sank again. Just as ho did so, threo men, attraoted by tho cries, rushed in to tho bath. Mrs Grimloy pointed out where the boy sank, and begged of them to leap in and save him, tho depth of water being, as she stated, only five feet. ' They however declined, and deemed it safer to try some other me,nns of recovering the boy. Mr Baird |of Bridge street, and constable Connolly, hearing of tbo accident, ran to tho spot, and at once diyGsted themaelvea of their outer garments, and plunged into tho water. The latter in a short time aucpeeded iu recovering tho body. Sergeant M'Cullough, accompanied by Dr. Hillas, soon afterwards arrived, and thoy in stuntly had recourse to the usual romedies for the purpose of restoring animation. All efforts, however, wero found unavailing; life was extinct. Mr Boyd, tho lad's father, having beon informed of tho sad accident, proceeded to tho scene and conveyed the body homo. A very praiseworthy enterprise iu tho musical lino is being entered upon by Mr Charles Wray — the getting upjof a series of concerts in tho Orderly-room, Grattan-stroot, Carlton, whereat good music will be a feature combined with low charges for admission. The first concert of tho series comes off to-night, tho programme comprising a fair show of instru mental and vooal music. The admission charges are, reserved seats Is, balcony Gd. Tho case3 heard at the City Police Court yesterday included nothing of more than ordinary intoreat. Mr G. K. Johnston, auctioneer, of Bourke street, was summoned to the District Court yoBterday, by Dr. BTatt, of Stephen-street, for illegally detaining four watohes, three silver and one gold. It appeared that some time ago a gentleman named Schafer was lodging at Dr. Matt's, and died there. Before hia deceasolie, in consideration of certain liabilities, gave Dr. Matt an order on Mr Johnston for the watches (which had been left with him to sell), or the proceeds of them; but Mr Johnston, not knowing tho signature of the deceased man, refused to give up the property unleas a guarantee waa given him against any future demand. Mr Call dismissed tho case, having no jurisdiction, but suggested that tihe desired guarantee 'should bo givon, and tho watches surrendered. The watches were seemingly not very valuable, the reserved price on the most expensive being 25s, and on tho others 17a Gd. A correspondent, dating from Eohuca, writea : — ' The farmers at Corop, Carag Carag and neighborhood are nuxiously looking forward to the 2nd of November next, when the extended area under the 42nd clause is to come into operation. The peace-loving portion of tho inhabitants apprehend serious disturbances on that day ; and there can be no doubt bnt their fears are well grounded, aa there in a certain class who are determined to have all the beat Bpote at any hazard, and are prepared to de fend them against all comers by physical force. One case which has already been developed may be instanced as a proof in point. An in dividual who has pegged oil' a valuable lot, contrary to the regulations, i8 keep ing all others at bay, by spending his whole time guarding it, and brandishing a tomahawk in dbfiunce of anyone who shall attempt to comply with the law by re-marking it according to the new regulations. It is ths general impression among the farmers that all selections in these areas would be better made under the 12th section, and would give greater satisfaction. Tkero ia a great demand for lund yet in this neighborhood, and this i8 not tn v wondered at, seeing tbe excellent quantv „? ft The crops since tbe last rains aro TwonLf ,i improved. Tbis locality is now a Zt '* ture to behold. The wheat crop Tools S to I can be desired, and aa tho land U perfJSu* SLt ^VcVLdtr? better than turn their nttentfon la cZ *1 great change in tho weather seems impending a violent north-west galo haa eprang'up ciV ' tying intolerable dust clouda beforo it Th sky la overcast with threatening clouds, and tWer u tumbling in the distance; a few fuTof rain!'''1 '' ^^ ^ C^Oaa is hS The AsCTALDnwEB of the Victorian Society Tub Rev. Mb Mackie lectures to-night in the bouth -iarra Presbyterian Church- sub ' ]oct;) ' The Ovens, and a trip down the Mar Free Lectuues are becoming fashionable This evening a lecture en Memory is adver Used by Mr Gaakell, at 40 Stephen-street to which adults are to be admitted free. ' Tiie Membebs op the Medical Peofessiox are reminded that a general meeting of tha profession will be held this ovenin' al tl,» Port Phillip Club Hotel, FJinderg-iteet ? A Spkcial Meetino of the execative 'com. mitteo of the Prince Alfred Hospital ia called for thia afternoon, to consider the design of tho building and invite plans for the same. National Mojebm.- The number of visitors to tbo NationalMugeums of natural history geology, and economic geology, applied to min ing, agriculture, and tho arts, for tbe week ending 17th October, waa 1291. Meldouhxe Hoswtal.— Report for the week ending 18th October :— Admitted, in patients 58 ; new cases, out patients, 178; do, casualties' 173; total for tho week, 400. Deaths, un discharged, 42. Number of patients in HosI pital, 334. Mb Hamilton, at the Polytechnic, hadanain a capital attendance at his phrenolo'ical°lec- turo last evening, and for over two hoar3 he sneceeded in riveting tho attention of hia audience. To-night ho lectures again. Publications Received. — Tho Australian Medical Journal for October, and a treatiso ' On tho application of Sulphurous Acid gaseous and liquid, to tho prevention, limita tion and euro ef contagions diseases, by James Dowar, M.D., Kirkoaldy,' published bv John Sands, Sydney. 