The Parliament which was convened for the transaction of business on'rhe 18th of March, and is flow in tbe fifth week of its existence without having trans acted any, will meet again to-day for no otner purpose than to adjourn for eight days longer. On this occasion we pre sume the adjournment is unavoidable. If Mr Eiddell had on Saturday morn ing promptly announced to tho Go vernor the result of the conference with his friends on Friday evening, his Excellency might have taken such prompt action as would have enabled him to meet the Parliament to-day with tho usual state and ceremony, but Mr Eiddell, with his usual aimless procras tination, deferred his communication till yesterday afternoon, too late of course to allow of any arrangements boing made with any other party to take office. As the Easter holidays are at . hand, and tho House would in ordinary course ad journ if it even were in the midst of busi ness, we presume that no objection will be made to this, the fourth application for adjournment. The Assembly would certainly be quite justified in recording its displeasure, and addressing a remon strance to the Governor, for when tho British Parliament on a less urgent occa sion called the King's attention to ' an ' alarming rumor ' of an intended dissolution, the action was taken vdthiu three days of Christmas, and evi dently for the purpose of preventing so far as was possible any irregular action on the part of the Crown during the holidays. On the two occasions which aro relied upon as precedents for delay iix opening Parliament with tho usual speecu from the Throne, there were no prolonged adjournments, and tho cause of the ab sence of the King was not wilfulness, but physical incapacity — illness and absence. The greatest delay was five days, and the Parliament refrained from entering upon business out of courtesy, and not from inability. The utility of any speech at all from the Throne has often 'been ques tioned. Lord Brougham says that-such speeches are ' more or less a mere ' civility on the part of the Crown to the ?' Parliament.' On one important occa sion ho went to a length to which we will not follow him. ' I hopo that I shall '-' live to see the day,' he said, ' when this species ef introduction ' to the business of tho session, this ?' most useless, and, becauso useless, most ' unseemly (I will not use a harsher ' epithet) ceremony, will be dispensed ' with.' He must have been in a par liamentary passion when he said this, but there can be no doubt that he' was right m looking upon tlio ceremony as non-essential to the vitality and potency of Parliament ; aud the inference is that its omission could only affect those who were guilty of the incivility. In our case it is Mr Riddell who must be held responsible for three of the dis appointments. Tho adjournment on the 24th of March was granted to enable him to form a Ministry ; that on the 31st to give him an opportunity of continuing his labors ; and that of to-day is necessitated by his long- continued trifling and neg-' lect in reporting his inipotency to - per form the task lie had undertaken. The public have a right to know who it is that shoul'ii be held responsible for the bulletins issued matutinally recording the gr'jat progress he was making, his certainty of his success, the dates when he, would be ready with his list, and so' lorth. Did Mr Riddell deceive our contemporary, or did our contemporary deceive Mr Riddell ? Whichever way it was, there seems to have been a wax- ~ like susceptibility on both sides to re ceive favorable impressions. Another question that must, we suppose, remain unsolved relates to the proportion of patriotism and self-seeking that entered into the motives of the little knot. Mr Riddell may net have been ' seeking place for its own sake, but the leechlike pertinacity with which the ? smaller fry held on. while there was the ghost of the shadow of a chance of put ting ' honorable' before their names and a month's pay in their pockets, had not much appearance of disinterestedness. In any action that may be hereafter taken to assert the prerogatives of the colonial Parliament, whether against the interference of the Crewn with responsible government in its integrity, or the still more intolerable assumption by the Secretary of State for the Colonies of the power to order the Governor to dictate tha form of grants made by the Assembly to the Crown, we hope to see both sides of the House making common cause in defence of the rights and privileges ef the people entrusted to their guardianship. The question is not a party one. There should be as much patriotism en one 'side aB on .the other, and the Opposition will be doing them selves an injustice if they keep their light any longer trader a bushel. If there be not unanimity on such a question — if there must be a minority, let the neuters stand out by themselves. The Opposi tion must now perceive that their chance of place, power and pay must depend on future issues, and that while the present one remains undecided the power of the majority will go on in creasing. But it is on the rousing of that latent patriotism which must exist in the breasts of all true colonists that wo depend for a manifestation of unity of purpose and action such as will demon strate most unmistakeably their determi nation to be satisfied with nothing less than equal rights with the rest of her Majesty's subjects, and show that, though' the colony may be technically termed a dependency, its inhabitants will never submit to be dependents. Tke system of government which Mr Cardwell and the Duke of Bucking ham have shown a disposition to intro duce, is a species of Fenianism. Their sealed orders are transmitted to an officer in the colonies, who is commissioned to ohey their instructions. It is at the option of that officer to reveal those instructions or to withhold them. The --sple »f Victoria are this morning in /-Chappy state of knowing that an ukase has been received which may affect their rights and privileges, or may retard their progress .as a community, and that they may be kept in igmoranco of their fate until adverse action has been taken. We have no right to suppose that Sir Hewry Maknebs Sdtton will consent to become the unreasoning instrument of such a system ; but all governors can not aff«rd to' be so independent, and it is against the very possibility of abuse that tho Parliament must take action. We are afraid that the co- operation of the majority in thb Council need not on this occasion be .looked for. They unfortu nately committed themselves by sending an address to the Queen, requesting the ? interference of the Home Government in favor of the position they had assumed with respect to the Darling grant. The full effect of such a request wai perhaps net foreseen at the time, but many of those who took part in the appeal must now be sorry that they acted .so inconsiderately. It is, however, a wholesome rule in legislation that the resolutions passed in one session have not necessarily any vitality in the next ; and/if this rule be taken advan tage of,, the fact, that a false step was made in, October last need not be even alluded to. If tho two Houses of Parlia ment! were only allowed to go on with, their work, there is no reason why the deadlock sllould Hot be treated as a thing of the past. 