TOWN AND COUNTRY. The kew Imperial Bhonze Coik. — Considerable «kmbt and misapprehension appearing to exist in reference to the new bronze coin, shortly expected from London, and as to the effect which its introduction may have upon the private tokens which have done duty for a long time past, aB substitutes for the Imperial penny and halfpenny, — we are requested to furnish the public with the following information — ' on. authority.' The Imperial Government Slave arranged with the Colonial Government to eend out a shipment of bronze coin, of the nominal value ot ten thousand pounds, on Royal Mint account, to toe placed in the Branch Revel Mint here for distribu tion and issue. This coin will be issued to the public at its nominal value — that is to say — two hundred and forty pennies for the £ sterling, and will be conveyed by the Deputy Master of the Mint to any part of the colony, where required, free of cost to the purchaser. With re epect to old Imperial copper coin (if it be approved of by ue Deputy- Master), its full nominal value will be paid ?either in money or bronze coin, as desired by the tender— the cost of conveying the old coin to the Mint falling upon the consignor. With respect to 'private tokens, they also will be accepted by the Mint, at their nominal value to a certain amount, ..and for a limited period after arrival of the new coin (amount and period not yet defined) provided these tokens have been actually in circulation, — are of good copper, and are of proper weight. No advice has yet been received by the Government of the actual shipment of the bronze coin, lut it was ready for shipment in April last, Phince Alfiiej) Hospital Fund. — A meeting of the 'Working Committee, appointed in connection with the Prince Alfred Hospital Fund, was held, on 24th July, pursuant to advertisement, at the Chamber of Com merce, Sydney Exchange, Mr. John Fairfax in the chair. The members of the working committee who were also present, were Mr. J. G. Hiss nndMr. Alfred Roberts (honorary secretaries), Mr. John Alger, Mr. Richard Jones, Mr. Walter Lamb (one of the hon. treasurers), and Dr. Sydney Jones. The minutes of the previous meeting having been read and confirmed, a progress report was xead by the paid secretary, Mr. J. Dyer, showing the pre sent extent of the co- operation which had been manifested in the principal towns and country districts of the colony.. The report, moreover, contained some few practical remarks as to the course of action which it was suggested might aavamegeousiy tie taKtn tor lurtnenng tne movement in aid of the fund. The report having bees formally received by the committee, the question arose -as to whether it might not be desirable that Mr. Dyer should proceed tosomeof the larger country to wns,witha view to affording information respecting the Memorial Hospital. .After some discussion of a conversational character, in ?which Mr. Richard Jones, Mr. Lamb, Mr. Roberts, and some others took part, it was determined that Mr. Dyer should be sent into the country, as suggested in the report and as might be found to be expedient. A letter was read iroxn Mr. Donald Larnach, in London, assuring tie com mittee of his perfect willingness to co-operate in promoting :the interests of the said hospital. One of the hon. secre taries, Mr. A. Roberts, then consulted the committee, on lehalf of himself and Mr. J, G. Hose, as to ?whether it might not be as well for them to discontinue -the occupation of committee rooms. The secretaries wished to be empowered to give them up, if they should find that ?they could conveniently curtail that outlay. Power was fives to the secretaries so to act, but the general opinion of the committee seemed, on the whole to be, rather adverse to such a course of proceeding, as likely to lead to incon venience, especially as the weekly rent of the rooms was not large. In pursuance of a rule made at the last meeting ?of the General - Committee, the Working Committee next .passed some general accounts. Mr. Walter Lamb (one of die honorary treasurers) begged to advise the committee ihat, since the hist meeting, a further sum of £1000 had teen placed at interest, making a total invested of £11,509. -After paying all accounts, there remained a balance in the tank of £650 4s. 8d. This terminated the proceedings. The jBevebeno Diu Fokhest.— The Reverend Dr. .Forrest, DJD., Hector, of ' the Eoman Catholic College of St.. John, has, for several daye past, been confined to his led from a severe attack of bronchitis— an illness now but -oo generally prevalent. His numerous friends, however, -will be, glad to learn that the reverend gentleman's health, -under careful medical treatment, has become so much letter that it is hoped he may be enabled, in the course of a iew days, to resume his ordinary duties. The New Railway 1-,me-Taiile.— A new railway ?4ime-table has been framed by the Commissioner for Rail «ways, preparatory for the opening of the Southern «xten .-ion to Marulan, on the 6th of this month. There are no alterations of the suburban .trains in this new table, and only such alterations in the through-trains as will be ?^rendered necessary by the greater length of line over which ?ihe trains will. nin. Thus, the morning mail train from -ihe, country will leave Marulacat 2.10 a.m., and Sistton ^Forest .at 3.25, instead of 3.45 an at present ; and in. order -that the corresponding train on the Western line may run JSn .conjunction with that on the .Southern line, the train :irom the westward Jrill leave Mount Victoria at 2.45 a.m., Band JPenrith nt 5.30, instead of Sjjnd 5.45, as at present. TMs train will leave the Parramattajr unction at 6.33 a.m., iWstaadof.6-50_. and a»rfve in Sydney at 7.5, instead of 720, at,i at present There will be no alteration in the dosra inlBQB. Ihe train leaving Sydney att. a.m. will arrive at MiUluan.at 2;£5, and the ordinary up-traja will leave Maru lan J»t 1.20 pja., to arrice in Sydney at 6.S0, as at present. Provision is .made in theaew time-table far putting down and taking up jjassengqrs at the platformnear the Weather board Falls, 61 iniks from Sydney, and at iGovett's Leap, near BladHieatb, 72 miles from Sydney. No j train from Sydney vail arrive «t the fonaer pkco at abopt 10.45 a.m., and at ihe latter nt about 11.30, returning at % p.m. and ?^.30 p.m. reqectjvejy. J)E6Titute Cjiij.dejex's AeTirji.— The Temiins of Jg&u; Margaret Gill, late an assistant matron at the Aeylum for .Destitute Children, Rnndwict, were on Monday con signed to their last rosting-place. The usual service for the deai. having been performed at St. Mary's temporary CathedwJ, the iuncral cortege proceeded to the cemetery a- Petersham,' where the burial took place. The body was fol lowed to llie grave by many relatives and friends of the de ceased, aswcL as by the Treasurer and by the Superintendent of the Randai'Jc Asylum. The schoolmaster of the insti tution and scvera? of the elder boys who, on their express application, had oMaincd ponnission to bo present, were also thus enabled to shew their respect and regard for one ?who had to greatly endeared hcrficlf to nil in xhe institu tion. Tlit CoixzCtoii *-? Customs.— The Collector of Customs having, as is alleged, disobeyed the orders of the Hon. the Treasurer, Mr. Eagar suspended him from th« performance of his duties as Collector of Customs, trending the further consideration of the matter by the Cabinet. A meeting of the Cabinet was held on Tuesday, and we understand that Mr. Duncan has been called upon to show cause why he should not be dismissed, In the meantime the duties of Collector are being performed by Mr. Bemey, first landing surveyor. Fbeb Selection v. Ckowk Grantees.— A very im portant decision was pronounced in the Supreme Court on Tuesday in the case of Mate y. Nugent. Its effect was that « grant from the Crown, in fee, of land in lawful posses £-on of a free selector who (although not long enough in such possession to claim a title in fee) has made no such, default as would authorise the Crown to -resume possession, will not entitle the grantee to bring ejectment against such free selector. In olier words, that tho possessory right of the conditional purchaser, or free selector, who has made no default as to any of the conditions of bis purchase, is good, from first to lost, as against the Crown itself and all titles derivtd therefrom. Further question as to tho right of tne selectors to hold pre-emptive leases remains to be determined. Fbotibtakt PoirriCAL Association.— A quarterly meeting of the Kew South Yfales Protestant Political As sociation wbb held on 24th July, in the Schoolroom, Batfmrst-street. The president, Mr. John LavieB, -was in the chair, and Mr. M'Guire in the vice- chair. After the confirmation of the minutes of the previous meeting, the secretary read a communication from Mr. J. T. Hender son, suggesting the formation of a branch in West Mait land, and asking advice as to mode of procedure. Mr. Henderson was nominated and elected a member of the nstfociation with a view to his suggestions being acted upon. The vice- chairman announced that the Newtovm branch was to be opened next Thursday, at the Municipal Council Chambers. Mr. J. Davies returned thanks for his election to the Presidency, and took occasion to advtrt to the steps taken to prosecute certain persons at Hyde, under the Party Processions Act, and said he regretted the absence of Mr. Carruthcrs, who had gone into the country, as he might have said something in reply to the long letter by Mr. W. Forster, in the tiydmy Morning Herald, on the subject ; but a suitable ansu or to that effusion would be Denned by able hands and published as prominently as this attack. Another body could parade the streets with staffs?, spear heads, crosses, and banners, without any interference by this great philan thropist, who must, forsooth, distinguish himself by insti gating the prosecution of men good and loyal, wearing no regalia or emblems, going to a place of worship where none of conflicting opinions were likely to be met, and where there was no probability of the peace being disturbed. They went to hear a Protestant sermon, and were not likely to meet any of their Roman Catholic friends. All that he (Mr. Davios) knew of Orangeism tended to disprove the assertions made by this gentleman. As Orangemen they had to abstain from giving offence — and, acting the pirt of Christians, to bear and forbear. The time was coming when this writer might make hiB appearance before the clccters, and then, no doubt, he would find that, as he seemed to infer, his name wob brought forward by this association with a view to damage him in the eyes of tho public. Mr. S. Kippax anticipated that good would result from the prosecution alluded to, and was led to believe that party processions must be entirely put down, or the Party Processions Act repealed, The writer of the letter, however, pursued a Lighly objectionable course in prejudging a case whilst it was pending. Certain parties saw that their hopes were blighted by this association, and Mr. Forster charged it with Icing the agent of the Government, a misstatement wantonly made, and it certainly could cot be the agent of his Government if there was any possibility of his ever again forming one. A paper entidea ' Pope Piub's jour ney in search of a resting place,' was brought forwari by Mr. Sole, but the reading was postponed. About fifty new members were nominated and enrolled in the course of the evening. WOOIXAURA AXD PADDIXGTOK LlTEKAUV SoCIETV. — A most entertaining and instructive lecture was delivered to the members of this society, on Tuesday evening last, at the Congregational schoolroom, Point Piper Road— Mr. Edward Chapman in the chair— by the Rev. Dr. Lang, on the subject of ' The recent discovery of the great central bikes or Africa and the sources of the Nile, with the pros pects which it opens up for civilisation and Christianity,' illustrated by a diagram. At the close of the lecture, a well-merited vote of thanks, which was proposed by the Rev. Mr. Forsaith, seconded by Mr. G. i'. Wise, was carried unanimously. The Late Dr. Blakh. — The late Brother Dr. Bland, having visited the Unity Lodge of Freemasons on the 16th June last, expressed himself so pleased with his reception that he determined to join the lodge. The ballot for his admission was to have taken place on the evening of the day of bis decease. Upon the W. M. announcing to the lodge that in consequence of Brother Blond's lamented death bis name would have to be -withdrawn, Brother Frederick Lee moved, and Brother William Walker seconded, — 'That the members of Unity Lodge hereby express their deep sorrow for the death of their late lamented Brother Dr. William Bland, the loss of whom as a brother and philanthropist, ' not alone to Masons but the whole community,' must be regarded as a calamity, and they desire to record their deep sympathy, and offer respectful condolence with his widow. Signed on behalf of the Lodge, George Commins, W.M. ; Frederick Lee, Treasurer; William Walker, Senior Deacon.'— In pur suance of this resolution, a deputation consisting of W. Brother George Commute, W.M., and Brothers Frederick Lee and William Walker waited upon the widow of the late Dr. Bland, and presented her with the foregoing; address, to which Mrs. Bland made the following reply : — ' To the Worshipful Master and Members of the Unity lodge, No. 1169, E.C. Gentle men, — I accept, with a sense of much gratitude and thank fulness, ihe expression of your feelings of sympathy and condolence with me in my deep bereavement. The public virtues of my Jatc lamented husband arc widely known, and must ever remain on record in the history of this colony ; but tho still more sterling quauties of his nature, as tbewn in bis private life, can only be rightly estimated by those who have erjjoyed his friendship, and' by myself, who have for the iast twenty years daily witnessed and felt the happy influence of his noble and unselfish, character.— Eliza Bland, 28, College-street, July 25, 1868.' Soxs or Temperance.— On Monday tbe Wellington Division, No. 20, Sons of Temperance, celebrated its anni versary with a tea- meeting and musical entertainment. Ok ing to the continued illness of the Rev. Thomas Smith, v.bo was to have presided, the chair was occupied by Mr. .T. Davies. About three hundred and fifty persons partook of a liberal and well- served repast, after which addresses were delivered by the chairman and by the Rev. A. H. Stephen, besides whom there were on the platform Mr. G. Lucas, Mr. Short, Mr. Cregg, and Mr. Hume (the patriarch of tie Division). The honorary secretary Mr. R. Bickley also read a report of the proceedings for the past twelve months, from which it appeared that the number of members with which the division started was twenty-eight, and this had in the vear been increased to eighty-eight. The' receipts were fill 5s. 3d. (by sub scriptions, initiations, doctors, cards, and sundries), and the expenditure £68 8s. 9d. (by medical attendance, rent of division-room, printing, and sundries), leaving a credit balance of £42 16e. d. In conclusion, the report urged upon all the brethren to do all in their power to obtain members of the order, knowing, as they must, that it kept many from the seductive influence of the wine cup, and that through their instrumentality the wanderer might be reclaimed, the fallen lifted up, and many homes, now homes of misery, transformed into homes of comfort and happiness. The entertainment comprised a number of popular songs, sentimental and humourous, as well as interesting recitations ; and the young gentlemen amateurs who took part in the programme, some of whom are Sous of Temperance, acquitted themselves very creditably. Mr. Humphrees played the pianoforte accompftniments. Military Peesextatiok, a--d Death op an Abtil ubrymak. — The detachment of the 60lh. Regiment, and also the detachment of Royal Artillery at present stationed in Sydney, were on Monday morning assembled in the outer Domain, for the purpose of witnessing tho presentation of « good-conduct medal to staff-sergeant Holmes, of the 50th Regiment, who has for some time been engaged as a garrison clerk. Various military evolutions having been gone through by the men, the despatch from the home authorities, authorising the pre sentation to be made, was read, after which the medal was handed to Hohnes by Colonel Waddy. A gond number of persons were present, many having no doubt been attracted by sctiag the military marching through the streets, or by hearingjbe band. A melancholy circumstance occured, which had the effect of throwing a gloom over the proceedings. As (he Eoyal Artillery were marching into the Domain, one of their number, private Robert Dickinson fell out of the ranks, having been suddenly seized with choking sensations and faintness. He was immediately attended to, and some brandy and water given him; but as this failed to have any good effect, Dr. Schuette, of the Infirmary, was sent for, and he recommended the man's removal into the Infirmary. Dickinson died, however, before theTe v;as time to get him into the institution. An Hoxesit 'Bue Boy.— A few days ago, a boy named Thomas Condon, conductor to one of tbe omnibuses piling -o Cook's llivar, found seven jCl-notcs in his omnibus. He took the moasy to tho Town Hall, and it has been res tored to the owner. The loser rewarded the boy with a jxrand, and (he Mayor gave him a suit of clothes. Meeting or Presbytery.— The Presbytery of Mait land met on Friday, 24th July (eays the Mercury), in the Presbyterian schooliUcuse, East Maitland. Present : Rev. James M'Culloch {Moderator), nev- \ym g, Donai^ and Messrs. Hugh. M'Danaid and Samuel Porter, elders. The Profcbj'tery proceeded lo hear Mr. M'Innes'e trial dis courses, as prescribed at lost meeting of PresbyUry, and to examine him on Theology .and other subjects. Thereafter the Presbytery sustained Iiis trials, and appointed his ordination to take place on Thursday first, the 30Ui in stant, in the Presbyterian sdbool-housc, East Maitland, at eleven o'-cloqk forenoon. The Kev. Mr. Donald was ap pointed to preach and preside an that occasion, and the Moderator lo deliver addresses 4s connection therewith. Mr. Donald was appointed to «£ach at Singleton on Babbath the 2nd August next. TnvsDERiioi/r a^aik.— On TueBdaarjujrht laist (saysthe Taihtcorth Examiner) the store of Mr, Western, of tho Rocky River, was stuck-up by a man and « hoy, who were, nodoubf) Thunderbolt and his youthful mats. Tho property taken was considerable, but £ cannot at present get further particulars. He is supppjed Jo Jjnve slept a( Catwe Giilly on Sunday night, Lectcrs by the Rev. Dr. Tucker. — A lecture on tbe Greek Cburth was delivered on Monday evening in Sairt Philip's Schoolroom, by the Rov. Dr. Tucker. There was not a very numerous audience. The chair was taken shortly before 8 oVluck by (ho Dean of Sydney. The pro ceedings were prefaced with prayer, after which the chair-? man stated that (he lecture was one of a series to be deli vered to the members of St. Philip'B Mutual Improvement Society, expressed his regret at the smaUness of the attend ance, and introduced the lecturer to tho meeting. Dr. Tucker, who was received with applause, eaid that no less than 65,000,000 persons were embraced in the Greek Church, 60,«00,000 of which were in Russia, 12,000,000 in Turkey, and the rest in Egypt and olb.tr places. Efforts -were being mads to bring about tho union of the various Christian churches, and it was thought that the Greek Church would yield more readily to such union than the Romish Church. When the Christian Church was driven from Jerusalem, five cities of tho East became seats of the metropolitan bishops. These churches were originally Greek. Their prayers were in the Greek language, aB also were their rituals, the inscrin tions on the-ir tombs, &c.; Tho first departure from this rule was tbe translation of the Bible into Latin, and tho Christian doctrine soon began to bo taught in that language. After Ibis there aroEe a division among the Churches, in consequence of a change in the position of the temporal power ; and the Bishop of Constantinople presided over a different class ot worshippers to the Bishop of Rome. Up to this period the Christian Church was one and undivided ; but, at this time, the Bishop of Rome claimed the supremacy over the Bishop of Constantinople, and his claim was resisted. This caused the breach between the two Churches, und gave rise to several severe contro versies such as that known as the ' Arian controversy '— the controversy about image worship, &c.; There was one very serious dispute about the introduction of certain words into the Nicene creed. After some years had passed (he Greek Church repudiated these words, and stigmatised Uieir introduction as heresy. These words were now an impassable barrier betw«en the Greek and Roman Churches. There were disputes about allowing priests to marry — ubout allowing the monks when they were sick to eat meat — about allowing bithops to wear rinps— and about the use of unleavened bread in the Eucharist. The most serious breach, however, vns caused by tbe proclamation of the supre macy nf the Bishop of Home. This was protested against by the Bishop of Constantinople, who wns thereupon excommunicated, and the result was that there had been hostility between the two Churches ever since. Afterwords there ?was a meeting of delegates from the Eastern Churches, at which there was a show of unity. The delegates, under tear of the Turks, who were anxious for an alliance with Rome, subscribed to all the doctrines of Rome. But they were not upheld by their Churches, and indeed they afterwards repudiated their act, stuing that they had been forced into it by fear. Tbe breach between the Churches was renewed and wag never again healed up, although many efforts to accomplish their union were made. The Greek Church was very bitter against the Church of Rome ; and con sidered the latter as Antichrist. Therefore it would bo seen that union between the Greek and Roman Churches at the present dav was not very probable. The Greek Church hed resisted oil Roman innovations, but at tho same time they had acquired several idolatrous customs, and many f crmulas, which bad contributed to strengthen the aversion eniertained to Christianity by the Moslems and Jews. The lecturer proceeded to point out the differences between the Anglican and the Greek Churches, quoting extracts in illustration of the subject. He shewed that by the Anglican ritual the Holy Scripture was said to contain all things necessary for salvation ; and that by the Greek ritual ' tradition ' was rondo a chief element. We be lieved in justification by faith ; the Greek Church belioved in justification by works — by penances, fasts, &c.; The Greek Church had the light of granting absolution not only to the living but to the dead. These -were points which seemed to indicate that the Greek and Anglican Churches could never be bronght into union. The Greek Church had feven sacraments, which were divided into two classes — those which were indispensably necessary to salvation, and those which were rendered necessary by something else. It held also the doctrine of transubstantiation, and that no baptism was valid unless the person baptized were im mersed three times— in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost The invocation of saints was also a doctrine of the Greek Church. Tho Virgin Mary was dtiiied, and in her name were presented prayers which would seem to us little less than blasphemies. They wor shipped pictures and relics, and in their catechisms gave reasons for so doing. To talk of unity with the Greek Church ?araEidle, and worse than idle. The propcrword was 'refor- mation;' and there was much to encourage the idea that this Church would be led to renounce its errors and adopt tbe simple rules of Christianity as taught by our Bible. We were able to hope that the yolk of superstition would fall from their necks, and that they would join with us. At the close of the discourse a vote of thanks was accorded to the lecturer, and the meeting closed with the singing of the Doxology. Peotestaxt Alltanxe FaiENDrY Society. — On Wenesday evening, at the Temperance Hall, in Pitt-street, the Rev. Zachary Barry delivered, in connection with the Protestant Alliance Friendly Society, a lecture on the subject— ' I believe in the Holy Catholic Church ;— what do I mean ? ' The chair was occupied by Mr. William Speer, who was supported by the Rev. John Sharpe, the Rev. John M'Gibbon, Mr. Alderman Murphy, and other gentlemen. There was a large and attentive audience, by whom the rev. lecturer was very frequently and heartily applauded. The rev. gentleman defined the meaning of the words ' Church ' and ' Catholic,' and shewed at 60mc considerable length his reasons for believing the sense of those words had from time to time undergone considerable modifications. He contended that the word ' Church ' was to be t?ken to include all who held the true faith in Christ, as preached to the world by his Apostles, and that tbe term 'Catholic' (in the sense of orthodox) was not to be exclusively arrogated -to themselves by any class of Christians on the ground of any real or supposed personal descent or succession of their clergy from the Apostles. The latter portion of the lecture was specially directed against the exalted position claimed by the Jlomon Catholic Church, which, the lecturer argued, Las forfeited its claim to the title of 'Catholic' on several grounds. The Churches in communion with the See of Some had ceased to be ' Catholic,' because of the doctrine which they held about the Virgin Mary, as a mediatrix between the World and her Son ; because of tbe doctrines they held about the Holy Communion ; because of their Doctrines about the Invocation of Saints ; and because tbey had accepted the Creed of Pope Pius the Fourth as a symbol, in addition to the three Catholic creeds— the Apostles' Creed, the Nicene (or Constantino politan Creed), and the Creed of St. Athanosius. The dogma of the Immaculate Conception (as affirmed by Pius IX. in 1854) was also insisted upon as leading to the same conclusion. Reference was likewise made to a pastoral letter of one of the Roman Catholic Bishops in this colony in proof of the same view, and the 'catholicity' of the sentiments therein enunciated were made the subject of particular criticism. The lecturer attacked Mr. William Forster's late letter to the Herald, and warmly vindicated the continued use of the name of ' Protestant' far the various bodies of Chris tians who were not Roman Catholic He did not think that the name which hod been first appropriated by the Iutherans at (he Diet ot Spires was inapplicable to the many different denominations of evangelical Christianity in tbe present day. The lecture, as we have said, was well received. It occupied about two hours in the delivery. . CANTERjipnv Parish Road.— A public meeting; pur suant to notice, was held at the Woolpack Inn, Canterbury, on Tuesday, 21st July, Thomas A. Davis in the chair. This meeting was called by Barnabas Hartshorn, chairman of the Road Trust, supported by John Fyle, treasurer. After a few preliminaries, a resolution was put to the meeting for electing fresh trustees. Thomas Perrott ob jected to the informal and illegal mode of the proceedings adopted, showing that the circumstances of the case nega tived the presumption of such being a legal proceeding, and moved an amendment to this effect, chieflv based up an the following objections :— 1st. Because the advertisement called a meeting of ' the proprietors of land on the road,' such being a nondescript according to law, a perfect nonentity, because not one of them lives on the road. 2nd. Because the limit of three mites, defined by the Paviah Road Act, was not specified. 3rd. Because the word ' proprietor' was used in a vague sense, when the Act only recognises qualified proprietors. 4th. The meeting was convened for the election of trustees, whereas it could only nominate, and the election could only take place at the Police Office in Sydney. TUoraas Perrott contended therefore that these blunders if acted upon would vitiate, make null and void, and render quite illegal every future act of the road trust. The Parish Road Act, defective as it is, would be thereby more compli cated, involving eerioUB blunders, and litigation without end. When the Act is not fully explicit, reasonable, con struction, and usages in accordance with the tenor of the Act, may be adopted ; such a precedent the lenders is the present road trust have not adopted, and therefore in this case they placed themselves in nn awkward position, which led to the breaking up of the meeting. After a str,u;-j effort to carry the resolution it failed, and Thoiuas Perrott's amendment was carried with acclamation. B. II:iri-lioin and his supporters then left the meeting, and Thomas Pirrott was voted into the chair. Several resolutions were' then passed, nominating seven pere ons as candidates for tho nest election. It was moved, but no one would second it, that John Fyle be nominated for the next trust. Chabge op Murueii.— On Saturday (according to tho i'crcimi) at the East Maitland Police Court, before Mr. Day, William Moran, alias Thomas Newstead, was brought up. The prisoner, it will be reiuomberoil, bud asserted that his name was not Mornn, but Newsle-ud ; and senior-constable Tiernan, of Uio Richmond police, was examined, Hnd deposed that he knew the prisoner us New stead, and had known him by that name for nine or ton years ; he njso knew Moran, who very much resembled prisoner. Upon receipt of this evidence the prisoner wjis, of course, discharged. Robjjeuy on A Statiox.— On Monday afternoon a re port reached town (says the Dubbo DUpatih), that Mr. J. C. Ryrie's Euromedha station was robbed. It nppeirs that two men, travelling, were allowed to stop for the night (Sunday), and, rnaldijg an early start, helped themselves to whatever things were available. As soon as tho robbery became known, a messenger was despatched to Dubbo to report ric matter to Mr. sub-inspector Norton, who im mediately sent senior- constable Cooper and a black tracker in pursuit. Mr. Ryrie was absent from Euromedha at the time, therefore (ho extent of the robbery is at present unknown, A»Diii6s ot Welcome to Mr. Holt.— A meeting of tbe inhabitants of Newtovm and the surrounding districts took place on Monday evening, in the large hall of the New town School of Arts, for the purpose of presenting an address of welcome to Mr. Holt, of the Warren. Imme diately after the return of Mr. Holt from Europe several of the aldermen of Ncwtown presented an address of welcome to him, but aB the people generally had no voice in the matter, and as many of them declined to consider that they had been represented by (he informal action of a sectitn of tho Council, arrangements were made for the meeting which was held yesterday. The room was densely crowded, end a considerable number were unable to gain admittance. Among those present were Mr, J. F. Josephson, M.L.A., ihe Rev. S. C. Kent, Mr. A. H. Richardson, Mr. Alder men Pajtcn, the Rev. G. King, Mr. Alderman Couzens, Mr. Aldermnn Conley, the Rev. Pcre Garavel, Mr. C. Holletton, Mr. H. Pnilbps. Mr. D. Henry, Mr. G. W. Barker. Tbe platform 'was occupied for the most part by members of the committee. When Mr. Halt (who was accompanied by his two sons) entered the hall, he was warmly cheered. The chair was occupied by Mr. C. Whatcly, who ex plained tbe object of the meeting, and dwelt at some length upon the important and valuable services rendered to this colony by Mr. Holt, whom be described as a public bene factor, and one for whose presence many an orphan and widow had had reason to rejoice. (Cheers.) Mr. Webber, secretary, after some prefatory observations, read- an address, which was signed by the committee and a krge number of the people of Newtown and its neighbourhood. It set forth that when they last had the pleasure of meeting Mr. Holt, prior to his departure for Europe, the unanimous expres sion of tbe meeting was that that God whom he Beryed would give the winds and waves a charge concerning him, and that he might be brought back in safety. They were §lad when they leamt that he had reached the continent of lurope in good health, and found that his wife and family enjoyed the same blessing. By his contributions to the Press they saw that he had not forgotten his adopted home. They were now met (o welcome him back to the colony, and hoped that he would not regret his return. (Cheers.) Mr. Holt expressed his surprise at seeing so large an attendance, and the gratitude he felt at the kindness which had been shown him sinco his return from Europe. He was aware that he had, at different times, and in unguarded moments, given offence to some, but no one regretted more than he did when he had committed a fault of that kind. When he considered this failing of hie, he was the more surprised at the affectionate welcome which hod been accorded to him since his return from Europe. He would assure his friends that their kindness was not lost ?upon him, but that it would be engraven on his heart and ever be remembered with gratitude by the members of his family. (Cheers.) Mr. Holt then read a roply to tho address which had been presented to him. It expressed thanks for the very kind congratulations and hearty ?wel- come. He well remembered the unanimous wish they kindly expressed in this hall before he left — that the Almighty would give the winds and the waves a charge concerning him *, and he felt truly grateful to God for '.ill his goodness towards him. He assured them that it afforded him pleasure to meet them, and thanked them for (heir kind welcome, and their kind wishes in regard to Mrs. Holt and family. (Cheers.) After a few further remarks from the chairman, Mr. Holt read a very interesting account of the tour he mode with Mrs. Holt and some mem bers of his JSmily, from Paris to Rome. He gave a description of many objects which challenge the attention of the traveller, either from their beauty or historical asso ciations, and intimated his willingness to answer such questions as any of those present might desire to ask him in regard to the subjects upon which he touched in his obser vations. At the close of the veiy interesting address, a vote of thanks was awarded to Mr. Holt by acclamation, and suitably acknowledged. The proceedings were brought to a close by a vote of thanks te the chairman, and singing a verse of the National Anthem. When Mr. Holt left the hall he was greeted with three hearty cheers. DrmrER at Mr, Zollnee's Galvanized Iron Fac tory. — On Saturday afternoon, Mr. S. ZoUner entertained the men and boys employed in his establishment at dinner. The festive gathering was partly intended to commemorate Mr. Zollners entry into his new premises (which are situated in Dixon-street West, off Liverpool-street), and partly as an expression of the mutual respect and goodwill existing between the employer and the workmen. Mr. Zollner's is, we believe, the only factory where the process of galvanizing iren is carried on in the colonies. New South Wales is indebted to Mr. Zollner for the introduc tion of (his industry ; and it is satisfactory to know that the enterprise has proved so successful as to outstrip foreign competition in such articles, principally tubs and buckets, as are made up at the establishment. With additional machinery and a further development of operations at the Fitzroy Iron Mines, -it is not improbable that the various descriptions of galvanized iron used in the colony will be wholly the pro duct of colonial resources and industry. The dinner on Saturday took place in the large workshop on the first-Soor of the building, which was appropriately decorated with flags and ferns for the occasion. It was served in a .superior style by Mr. Bradford, and between fifty and sixty of Mr. Zollner' e employes, as well as a few guests, graced the board. The chair and vice-chair were respectively occupied by Alderman Murphy and Alderman Woods, who repre sent Denison Ward (in which the factory is situated), in the City Municipal Council. The Ccddell Mcrdee.— The Wagga Wagga Express says :— The prisoner James Scully was, on Tuesday last, again brought up at oar Police Court, on the charge of murdering Robert Buzzacotti, at Cuddell Creek, in tho year 1856\. The prisoner had been brought up on two previous occasions, and had been remanded, as all the witnesses against him had to be brought by the police from Yass and Burrowa. From the evidence taken on Tuesday, it appears that some time— by no means clearly fixed— in the year 1856, or in 1851, as one of the witnesses deposed, some rive or more men, amongst whom were Scully the prisoner, and Buzzacotte the deceased, were drinking in a hut at Cuddell. 1 he evidence would Eeem to show that all present wi?re more or less drunk, and that some words passing between the prisoner and tbe deceased, the former took up a bottle full of spirits, and standing up, struck the deceased, who was sitting on a stool, over tne head with it. The bottle broke, leaving the jagged neck in the prisoner's hand, and with this he made another blow, again striking the deceaned on the head. The occurrence did not ficem to attract any very great amount of notice amongst tho remainder of the party, and though the deceased bled a good deal, he would not let tbe wife of one of the men, who was in an adjoining room, when the blows were struck, nor one of his own companions wash the wound, and the whole party soon after retired to bed, leav ing only one man lving drunk on the floor in the hut with the deceased. In the morning the Utter was found leaning against a bunk dead. A report was sent to the head sta tion, and the superintendent came down and seeing no blood about, and no wound on the head of the deceased, or in fact any traces of foul play, concluded that he died of suffocation and without further ado the body was buried near a spot where there were several other graves. One of the witnesses states positively that he can show the exact site of the grave, others affirm that they eould not. Some depose that the body was enclosed in a hardwood corh'u, while others state that the coffin was made of pine. The prisoner has been again remanded for further evidence, one of the witnesses against him, and who was present when the blows were struck, being a confine in lass gaol. A writ of habeas corpus will, we hear, be issued for the pro duction of this man, and the grave of Buzzacotte will,, we presume, be identified if possible, and a careful search be then instituted to discover if upon fhe skull of the deceased any traces of a fracture or cut are at present discernible. But bo many years have elapsed since the burial of the body that we suspect that this will prove to be a task that will be attended with considerable difficulty. Between the time of the discovery oi the dead body of the deceased and the arrival o. tbe superintendent from the head station, a sufficient length of time elapsed to allow of the removal of all traces ot blood from the body and from the floor, on both of which, according to the evidence of the other witnesses, a good deal had been previously visible, and as it appears that the superintendent did not examine the body very closely, the absence of auy suspicions on his part as to the cause of death is easily accounted for. An attentive examination of the facts of the case, as for or they havn yet been disclosed, points to the conclusiott that in the height of a drunken spree tbe , deceased received a severe wound on the head with a bottle, and that the orgies soon after coming to an end, the parties' to it dispersed end left the deceased, drunk also himself, to bleed to death without ever believing that he had been seriously injured. As the infliction of the blows by tbe bottle was witnessed by several persons, three or four of whom are still living and were present at tbe burial of the deceased, and must have known the cause of his death, it is something wonderful that until very lately no suspicion of ihe committal of a murder has ever been breathed to toe authorities, find if after tbe lapse of Iwelvo years tbe charge is still brought hone to the accused, the caeo will long rank as one of (he most extraordinary in the whole annals of crime. Swaiaowing A Needle. — In the Town Talk of the Wcgga iVagga Lxprem we find that a very singular and critical' accident otcuricd to a young woman from a needlo getting into her throat, and preventing her from swallow ing. It appcciB that a package of ntcdlcs hud beon upset, and in picking llcui up again, thu young woman we refer lo put one into liev uioutb, und by some means or other it slipped into her throat, tied at one time threatened very dnrpercus enfe-quences. Every effort was made by the medical men to rcmr.ve it, but without success, .ind as the Btiifirfr wnecvcntunllv enabled toswallow, the attempt was, we believe, abandoned', and (he needlo left to workitsalf out. iHvor.TANT Discovehy cr Llad and Silver Oke.— We l-iftt-.r,tij/a» Aijij have for some time been in possei mlii of the ki.-.v.Kt'i;u uf the existence of a lead mine at Prinnotc Volley, nmr this town, tbe ore being more or le^B iii-jncgnnU'd with silver. But until recently tho discjvery foiled to littrnct the attention of enterprising capitolixts. Net many duys oj;u hc were ehovn a sample of tho ore, ond informed (hut uu assay recently mado in Sydney showed a very large per-centagc of silver. The result is the formation of a company, legally constituted, and comprising several local end Sydne-y capitalists, who have purchase! sonic acres of tho l'riuirof c Valley culMo from tho pro prietor, Mr. J. Gibbs, for tho sum of £500, and hive also taken steps for the immediate working of tho mine, and have eent, or are about to send up, n. batch of Cornish miners for that purpose. We .have now, from the fact of copper end i ther ores bainc also known lo exist in this district, every reason lo hope thnt upon the nearer approach of tho railway to our doors, theruby cheapening tno cost of transit, we shall, in addition to being a flourishing agricul tural district, boast an industrious iini prosperous wimni; J opulfltion. Seriol'8 Accident.— The Police Magistrate of Carcoar, Mr. L. V. Dnlhunty, whust taking a drive in his buggy on Saturday afternoon, was thrown out and seriously hurt. The horse (says the Carcoar Herald) shied once or twico about a mile outside the town, and the trace- swingle tree parted in tho middle at tho holt-hole. Tho horse, a rather spirited one, then bolted, having tho shafts and broken bar dangling about his heels. The animal, wild with excite ment, came galloping into town, and was secured. Several of the townspeople hastened out in the direction of the accident, when Mr. Dulhunty was found lying *t a point about half a mile from town on the Cowra Road, quite insensible, and bleeding very much from the left side of the face. He was placed in the buggy, Mr. Derwin sit ting by and holding him up, and in this position was drawn by sundrv willing hands to his residence. Dr. Spark was called in, and tho patient's eyelid was Bewn up, his left arm bandaged, and everything dono that the urgency of the vase demanded. Mr. Duuranty's aide was very much bruised, but no bones were broken. He is pro gressing favourably towards convalescence, though it will be some time before he will cease to feel the severe Bhock sustained by hie system. CAB6ILIS.— A correspondent writes :— This winter has been an unusually trying one to the squatters. The creeks are empty, and feed is very scarce. We have not had such, a drought for many years. Oa Monday we had . a few hours' light rain, which was soon, soaked up, yet even that haB given a spring to the grass, for which we ore grateful, as lambing has already commenced on some sta tions. On Tuesday, there was a sale of lease lands at the Court-house, the upset price being £1 per 610 acres per year rent . Competition was rather brisk, as one section was knocked down at £20, the same being nothing but rock end stones. Several other lots were run up to high rents for such inferior land, being quite unsuited for grazing pur poses. I hear there are upwards of 20,000 sheep not very far from here travelling for grass and water, principally from the Castlereagh. Cabcoab. — Our correspondent writes a serious accident occurred on Saturday last to Mr. Dulhunty, the police magistrate of this place, who was driving a young horse in his buggy, when the animal became restive, plunged and kicked, broke the buggy and got away, Mr. Dulhunty was found lying senseless on the ground, in which state he remained for a considerable time, having a deep cut over his eye, from which tho blood was flowing freely. TJnder the treatment of Dr. Sparks the unfortunate gentleman is doing as well as can be expected. The season at this place is very good, sufficient rain having fallen for all purposes. The wheat and oat binds are all sown, and in a number of places is well up above ground, and looks well and pro mising. Our town is gradually progressing. A Fencer's Camp. — The Bogan Correspondent of the Dubbo Dispatch gives the following pleasing description of a fencer's camp : — ' I paid a visit to Mr. Morgan's camp, whe is fencing for Mr. Gilmorc, and must say he is progressing very satisfactorily with his contract. He has been eighteen days at work and about four miles of fencing is complete and about six miles of timber on the ground readv to be put up. There are twenty, four men and six team's of bullocks at work, and the camp has all the appearance of a township. There are a number of tents, bark huts, a blacksmith's shop, and hist, though not least, a large school, where the children are taught by their parents to read and write every night after work is done. A Hard Case. — On Friday last (6ays the Illawarra Mercury) two men who have recently commenced fishing, proceeded to Bellambi to pursue their calling, and, being caught in the southerly gale, were unable to reach Wol longong, and consequently ran into Bellambi for safety. They then moored tie boat as well as they could, and for their own safety went on shore. About 2 in the morning the boat broke from her moorings, and was speedily smashed to pieces on the rocks. By this misfortune two nun and six children have been deprived of the means of support ; but we believe it is intended to commence a sub scription for the purchase of a new boat. 