THE BATTLE OP BEDLAM FERRY. A pugilistic poem by a lyi-ical lunatic. Oh ! 'twas a goodly company, As ever was seen on land or sea, Riding along so blithe and gay, On horses, brown, or black, or gray, Some, fiery steeds, like the Barb or 'Hook, > Some begged, some borrowed — we hope, none "shook" — A beautiful subject they were, I wot, For an animal study by Monty Scott, Or a mezzotinto done by Terry, As they rode along to the Bedlam Ferry. And they rode in twos, Which don't confuse With the way our grandfathers oft did choose To amble to church on their bobtail nags, With their wives behind in their Sunday "rags," Going to call themselves " miserable sinners " — Telling their lords what they'd got for their dinners — Devoutly repeating, " Six days shalt thou labour," Then scanning a bonnet or quizzing a neighbour — Doing in short, 'tis but justice to state, Just as their daughters in 'sixty-eight — A sight right pleasant to see, I wot, Tho' I rather expect the nags thought not, For tho' as a fond and faithful wife There's nothing so nice, yet upon my life, If I was a horse — Which I aint, of course — I don't believe that I'd see the force, Of a double felicity, such as this, But would rather much stick to single bliss, And carry my master A good deal the faster If in the first ditch he'd allow me to cast her ; Some nice soft spot, Where skilfully ' 'shot. " Her leg might be broke, 5 her neck was not — When I'd cock up my tail and away I'd run, Neighing, " Two's company — three is none." But 'tis not thus our heroes ride, Not back to back, but side to side. Oh ! never was seen since the days of old, Of which such wonderful yarns are told, By Sir Walter Scott, And all that lot, Of Sir Guy the cool, and Sir Hugh the hot, Sir Franz the saint, and Sir Fritz the sot, In list or lane, or grove or grot, Or any other similar spot, Searching or Paynims to send to pot, Or anything else that might be got, So brave an array as these, I wot, Jogging along at a gentle trot. Two-and-twenty they were, all told — Now what does he bear, their leader bold ? What holds he there in his bold right hand — Kingly sceptre or knightly brand ? Or his lady's favor, withlfair device ? No, it is something not half as nice — Is it a blood-stainld banner of war ? No, it is something more valuable far — A richly wrought shield he has won from some boaster ? Empirical puff or theatrical poster 1 No, it is none of these — something far dearer, Nobler and holier, sacreder, queerer — See to his bosom how closely he clasps it — Mark with an air how defiant he grasps it — Well may he guard it, for ne'er since — dread banner — Flashed in the fight the bright veil of Mokanna ; Or since the day when, like beacon afar, Gleamed thro' the battle the helm of Navarre, E'er was there deadlier emblem of strife, War between brothers, and war to the knife ; After which, it perhaps may seem rather absurd To say, 'twas a carte of King William the Third. Sir William de Brush was a valiant knight, As ever was knocked on the head in fight Few cared to tax His battle-axe, Or if they did, soon cried for pax, For his strength was as the strength of ten ; And whenever he left his lonely den, The people fled to left and right, To get out of the way of this fearful knight. It happed that this morn he'd left his bed, The wrong side first — sure sign of dread — And called for his boots in fearful tones, That boded misfortune to some one's bones — " Bring me my boots, ho, ho ! " quoth he ; " I smell the smell of an enemy. There are hawks abroad, let 'em 'ware the kite, To poach on a fellow's preserves ain't right, And I never felt more inclined for a fight." The knight has mounted his fiery steed, And spurred from his castle gates with speed, His sword on thigh and his lance in rest, And a gray goosequill his glittering crest. But ha ! what sees he ? why starts he thus ? And mutters what sounds like a gentle cuss ? Why quiver his lips with a proud disdain ? And his nostrils distend like a bull's in Spain ? Has he seen a ghost On a rail or a post ? No, 'tis he twigs them, that glittering host — Twigs the device on their leader's bold breast, Something it meant, so he readily guess' d, And his vigorous fancy supplied all the rest. As the bolt from the cross-bow, or shot from the gun, As the horse from the post when the Derby is run, As the hound at the hare, or a bull at a gate, So rushes De Brush on his foes and his fate. As the rock the wild waves, as the steel-clad the ball, As the ocean the torrent, the mountain the squall, So met those bold spirits that terrible rush, And rolled in the dust poor Sir William De Brush. Moral. Young men who carry cartes at large, Be careful where you stick 'em ; And gallant knights, before you charge, Be sure that you can lick 'em. 