THE ROMA DINNER TO MR. MILES. To the Editor of the Dalby Herald . Sni,— In your iesuo of May 25th appoarod a letter headed "A correction," andslgnod "R. I. A., " who complains of raistakes in my report of tlio Roma .dinnor,jmdajs.timtftMr.rMfies' didnob:mako:use- of tho exprosaion ' Cho Land Bill-it will annihilate the squatters,' -or any statement thnt will bear such an-intorprctation." In reply, allow mo to re-assort my former statement Mr. Miles did mako uso of thoso words, and whon tho gentlemen prcsont mis- understood bim Gust as " R. I. A." still continues to nus understand him) ho repeated them (for I mado a poto of thorn at the timo; and addod " thoy will ' ccaso to bo squatters, thoy will bocorao frcoholdors," intimating thoroby that the bill would not bo detri mental, but highly beneficial, to the squatters, inas much as, under it, they would become owners of tlist land of which thoy are at prcsont but tenants. Tho fact Is Mr. MiloB, as other orators liavo dono before bim, simply mado uso of a rhetorical trope, with tho name ond nature of which "R. I. A." scorns to bo utterly unacquainted. Again, I did not "mix Mr. Miles' speech with that of Mr. Cottlo." Tho only things I mixed that day woro a glass of polo brandy with a bottle of lomonado, and, therefore, I was quite as capable of knowing -what was said as " R. I. A." or A. J. R. or anyone else that was present, I did not profess to report caoh gontloman's speech verbatim -et literatim, and perhaps it; was -just as well for sorao of tho orators that 1 did not. _Tho only wondor is that tho room was not filled with the ghosts of all tho dopartcd grammarians, roused "from the vasty deep," by tho ablorropping and boisterous applause which followed several Bursts of eloquence, in which singular nouns, not being nouns of multitude, wero made to do duty ns nominitivo cases to verbs In tho plural number ; \- whilst verbs iu tho singular wero forced into illicit intercourse with nouns in tho plural whore the tho transitivo verb, to lay, was pleasantly substituted for tho intransitive, to lie, "As I was a-laying on my — !" said ono gentleman. Now, although he was a "jolly cock" enough, that gentleman (there can bo no doubt about that), still, what a marvrilous cbiokon would havo boon hatched from his egg ( I have soon some curiosities in my day j I have seen Barnum's celebrated "Fecji Mermaid, tho Siren of tho Scat" I have seen and heard tho "Singing — Oyster ;"-I have conversed- witlrthe " Talking "Fish, <if a phooa can bo called a fish I have reeoived. a. shock from a " Torpedo j" tho "Ornithorhyncus Paradoxus" is somewhat of a curiosity io it way, and tho " Maiden Ray" itself is not a-tnis, which sounds vory liko anothor paradox— but tho inscrutablo will of Frovidonco specially rosorved till tho latter half of tho nineteenth oentuir tho wonderful epoch of wondorful phonomona ana sciontifio marvels, iho dis covery, by "the most intelligent and iiitelloctual ; assemblage which Mr. Miles over hod tho honor of addressing," of a " laying gentleman P Perhaps " R. I. A.," or some othor of the literary luminaries who adorn the Oondamine, will bo kind enough to . . cnlighton-the-bcnightqd-publio-on-tho-naturo-and- habits of this extraordinary animal bipe implume— whether it is tho "real old original" rara art in ierrie, nigroque eimilimaeygno of too Latin grammar j whether it lay monthly, at the full of ' the moon, or annually, on tho 1st of April whether, like tho cuckoo, having no nest of its own, it selects another's —a moyoPe nest , for instance. Oneo more, what harm did tho unfortunate letter h ovor do cither "tho Marquis d'Anvil," or any other of tho orators, ' that it should bo rutlilossly baniihod .from its "'earth and 'ome," and noither " whisporod ; in 'eaven nor muttered in 'ell," but .forced to dwell, liko bloody Cromwell's soldiers, in " tho groon hile of Herin, whero its proscnce could bo easily dispensed with ? But, oh, jam eatie est ; thero is anotnerpublio dinnor to bo given en Monday ' noxt, tho 8tti, and if " R. I. A." should bo jpresent and make a speech, I promise to do him full justice \ thon I fancy ho will nnd suffiriont employment for his timo in "paddling hisown canoe" through tho in- l/illfv.t.iia) vntAM of iho muddv Oondamine.— -Your lata ROMA CORRESPONDENT. ' l'.S.— 1 eont a reply a lortnignt since, ous as ic nas noither appoarod nor any montion been mado of |t in your notioos to correspondents, I apprehend it sievcr reached its destination. 