FIRST ASCENT OF LOCH-NA-GAR. Saturday, September 16, 1848. At half-past 9 o'clock Albert and I set off in a post chaise, and drove to the bridge in the wood of Balloch Buie, about five miles from Balmoral, where our ponies and people were. Here we mounted, and were attended by a keeper of Mr. Farquharson's as guide, Mac rdbnald #i---who, with his shooting-jacket, and in Jijg.kilt, looked* a picture—Grantf on a pony, oaFhaabspji in two baskets and Batter bury on another pony.^f '^We'w&nirthrough; that beautiful wffiM fi^hi^t turned and began to ascend gradually, the view getting finer and finer; no road, but not bad ground— moss, heather, and stones. Albert saw some deer when we had been out about three-quarters of an hour, and ran off to stalk them, while I rested ; but he arrived just a minute too late, i He waited for me on the other side of a stony ! little bnrn, which I crossed on my pony, after i our faithful Highlander? h«l moved somei stsnes and made it easier. We then went on .a_little_ way, and I got off and walked a mt, and after wards remounted ; Macdonald leading my pony. The yiew of Ben-na-Bhourd, and indeed of all ! around, was very beautiful; but as we rose higher we saw mist over Loch-na- Gar. Albert I left me to go after ptarmigan, and went on with Grant, while the others remained with me, tak i ing the greatest care of me. Macdonald is a good honest man, and was indefatigabl^nmd poor Batterbury was very anxious also. *->j»"* I saw ptarmigan get up, and Albert fire—he then disappeared from my sight, and I rode on. It became cold and misty when we were on Loch-na-Gar. In half an hour, or rather less, Albert rejoined me with two ptarmigan, having come up by a shorter way. Here it was quite soft, easy walking, and we looked down on two | small lochs called Na Nian, which were very : striking, being so high up in the hills. Albert was tired, and remounted his pony; I had also been walking a little way. The ascent com menced, and with it a very thick fog, and when we had nearly reached the top of Loch-na-Gar, the mist drifted in thick clouds so as to hide everything not within one hundred yards of us, Near the peak (the fine point of the mountain which is seen so well from above Grant's house) we got off and walked, and climbed up some I steep stones, to a place where we found a seat I in a little nook, and had some luncheon. It I was just 2 o'clock, so we had taken four hours going up. But, alas! nothing whatever to be seen ; and it was cold, and wet, and cheerless. At about twenty minutes after 2 we set off on our way downwards, the wind blowing a hurricane, and the mist being like rain, and everything quite dark with it. Bowman (Mr. Earquharson's < keeper) and Macdonald, who preceded us> j looked like ghosts. We walked some way till I ■ was quite breathless, and remounted my pony, ' well wrapped up in plaids; and we came down j by the same path that Albert had come up : which is shorter, but steeper; the pony wen : delightfully; but the mist made me feel cheer j less. I Albert kept ahead a little while for ptarmigan, ' but he gave it up again. When we had gone on about an hour and a quarter, or an hour and . a-half, the fog disappeared like magic, and all was sunshine below, about one thousand feet from the top I should say. Most provoking! —and yet one felt happy to see sunshine and daylight again. The view, as one descends, overlooking Inver i cauld and the wood which is called Balloch Buie, is most lovely. We saw some deer in the wood below. We rode on till after we passed the burn, and had nearly got to the wood. We came another way down, by a much rougher path; and then, from the road in the wood, we walked up to the Falls of the Garbhalt, which are beautiful. The rocks are very grand, and i the view from the little bridge, and also from a | seat a little lower down, is extremely pretty. We found our carriages in the road, and drove home by 6 o'clock. We met Captain Gordon, and then Lord John Russell and Sir James Clark. They had come to look after us, and when we got home we found the two ladies at the door waiting most anxiously for us. 