WESLEYAN CHUECH ANNIVERSARY. , IBA. AND PUBLIC HBETINO. OK Sunday .-last special services were held4n the Wesleyan Church to commemorate the anniversary of the same. Two sermons were preached by the EeVl Wm. Curnow, chairman of the Goulburn distric'^ to large Jand attentive congregations. On Monday therr was a tea and public meetings which was marked as being the most successful one ever held by the Wesleyan body in Young. There were eight tables which were presided'over by Miss Hayes, Mrs! Temple, Mrs. Fletcher, Mrs. Pearce, Mrs. Barber, Mrs. O'Brien, Mrs. Grinsfed, and Mrs. Starr. To enumerate what those tables contained would be simply impossible, the names of the ladies who presided being cjuite sufficient guarantee that nothing'was wanting that money or art could supply. A smiling and contentedlooking assembly of two hundred persons Who., sat down ,to tea was a further proof that the* expense incurred and the trouble taken by the above named ladies was not in vain. _ After full justice had been .done by those present to the many good things provided :the tables were cleared out, and accomodation made for the public meeting, at which many attended who could not from business and other reasons attend the tea meeting. The public meeting was opened by the singing •of a hymn, after which' the Rev. J. A. Waddell engaged in prayer. J. E. Pearce, Esq.; P.M., having been unanimously voted chairman, said-he was much gratified to see so many present, but was sorry that William Davies, Esq., of Goulburn. who was to have been the chairman of the present meeting, wai prevented from coming, owing'to sickness in his family. It was, therefore, taking him aback to fill his place for be was not prepared to make a speech. He would, therefore, simply state the object of the meeting and leave the -speeches for' those' gentlemen, who were to follow him. They were met for the purpose of reducing the deibt upon 'the building they were now in and although this services held yesterday and to-dav were: called the anniversary services still we present date was not the anniversary, tjiat being in A^ril, butthe holding of the same had been necessarily delayed until the present time.. It was not pleasing to come and'talk about dpbt, although the incurring of a debt was inevitable for such a bnildiugl There was one benefit in bising in debt, for, they had the building, and Le thought it jpreferabje to be in debt and have this building, than, not to have the building and be out of: debt' The i amount of the debt Was 217/. fcndhe hoped that : 601. of that amount; would be cleared offhy the services held, the tea meeting, and tbe ledii^tioa which would be inade'at the conclusion of-the'present ineetingi Rev.. Mr. Addison aaid. he had. scarcely time to breathe, for Jie.hao not been in Young'much more than five nyiiutes, when, hearing singing, he CBme.and being invited Ajr Rev. J. A. Waddel), was now/speaking or at anyrate saying something. The object 'of the. meeting was evidently the reduction of the debt upon the present noble place of-worship,.and he<thoUght that the hint tne chairman had thrown outabout 601\. being collected was a very imprudent one, for he would say 1001. was -nearer the' ainouut from such an assemblage.Prom the aspect of the meeting he believed those present > would do something nobis.' Mr/ Curnow had cofhe' all the way front Goulbiirn to addrem them, so he would not further trpspsps on the time of the meeting; but would ,cofldude by winliing, that auaaewji might iwttend them.in r all their enterprises and that good might be' done. ' ' The chairman hareaallud upon, the Rev., John Cameron to address the. maetuig. Mr. ^ Cameron rose .and aaid, ''My nam« has ,been called by mistake, I decline therefore, to speak." The Rev. J. A. Waddell apologised to the meetingfor'lbe silence of Mr;.Cameron.; He had met 1 Mr. CaiSeronj ^and hid * conversation with . him and thought tie understood he was inrjtad/.to this meating. He was, howerier, aware that' the notice was very short, and that Mr. Cameron had no time for the preparation of' J. A. Waddell said he was glad to sea so large a meeting he believed in tea meetings, they were the happiest reminisenoes of his ufr, aaa he belisved greatly assisted the , nnatihnB ilito Christian^ximon, j&cessuy;, and he rejoiced in Catholicity of ipirit that he saw in Young. = ard to the church to which he belonged,' suffer, and Wesleyan Methodism had _ Condemned without any enquity. H«twas ^liio>;however, to say that the present ege%ws otif of inquiry, and olS prejudices were dying '»(&\- He wa^K^d, to see that many .who. used to fiftveill-feelings towarjis the Wcsleyans wera now' trying tourist the"m*in the end thOy liaa in view—that of preaching the Gospel. He wishc3 'all""Prdtestiiitbodies success; and, although he liked his own church the best he did not love others tiie lesvr If-a mimber-of-pcrso^s were struggling together in the-watir and thei* were • Mve^-^life^boat^. it^puljd.not do to lash^ them ail together, but let each One do his best itg save tUbse Snihe water from drowning.: So It: was with {religion.: The/different churches were like'io many life-boats, and although they were divided on many minor points they yet had oue common object in view—thatofaanug souls. The debt on the church* was nbt I MIJ- -serious one, and he hoped thfcir^"friends wdtild come forward and help them. At a - negro missionary meeting the following ; ,resolutioti8 Were passed:—1st. Eesolved ; , -that we.*i(L give something. ! 2nd., itesolved, that we will gire according to our «bilityl Sr^; fl^wlved, -tlijit we will give willingly. Hft^^riiti >e« tlijJse three resolutions put into'pra6tice*&t;\he present meeting, snd the result, he was quite sure, would be a verysatisfactory one. . •• . • Rev. Wm. Curnow said he was happy to *e present on owasions like this which broujghJf' so many people together. Solfae - people, were always setting other people by thf ears, it was like.a man who was afraid of a ghost, and the best way to banish ghosts was to strike.-a match and look them in the face, so when peoplb talked about each other the right way was to bring them face to face, snd'so it was in rcliirioun matter, and the way to banish ecdeMastioal and other petty animosities, was to look thrm in the faue. Union was communion, and you must know a man to love him, and love «= > a man u., u to j know „„„„ him. „„„. He believed that MU.U „ mau should think of his church as his wife, and anv man who thought his wife the only woman in wvation would be blind, although she might be the best for him. He likened the-chureh of God to a mighty river, the Wesleyan Church was a rill, the Presbyterian Church was another rill, the Congregational Church was another rill, the Church of England was a large stream, and they would all soon join together in the mighty sea of glass which is before the throne.' The union of the Church of God was }ike a lot of trees in r ^ a forest, which were all the better for being apirt, for the travelUr felt the benefit of the cooling shade which the branches,gave. iCthetreea nere altogether thMt'benefit would not' be Telt. He considered the Gospel was' as j>f Vast impo^tanca t now as it was eighteen hundred years^ago", they now had ths same Christ and the'same bible, and this church was one of the buildings in which the Gospel was .preached. The sun today w-eht away'in his golden -chariot and looked as fresh, he bad no- doubt, as when Ad»m was made. The moon was sailiug overhead and looked as fair and young as ever. "He considered it was the duty of every man and woman to flo his and her part in, the spread of Christianity. It was not so much the want of religious accomodation as it was the inclination on the part of people to attend; for only about tw enty per cent, attended a place of worship. Four women out of every five never entered the house ot God. Iii London, the capital of Protestant England only three hundred and seventy-four thousand persons attended a pluce of worship out of if population .^f aver three millions It was very easy for a man to say it is no business ot' niine, but he considered it was every man's business. If he saw a man putting a quantity of arsenic into a main water-pipe whicb-was- to supply the neighbourhood with water, would he not be a participator in the act if.he did not prevent his neighbours from using that water. So he con-' sidered it was every man's and every woman's business to do what he or she could to counteract sin in ail its varied ahapes^or if sin-was in the country every one had to bear their portion. If all attended the bouse of Goa there would -be no need of so many gaols or the police force, and the cost of one gaol would build several houses for the worship : 6f God. It was supposed by some people that» minister had very easy times of it, but such wps not the cese^ On the contrary, a minister's work was never done. It did not end, as some- Supposed, in the pulpit, , there : were pastoral visits to make, the sick to visit; all in sorrow or perplexity came to the minister for advice. His sertnobs had'to-be carefully studied before thsy were delivered, and in these times he was expected to ppeak eloquently and sensibly. ObheV pedple had tneJr 'iveuings and their Sundays wjtli their families, out iiot S(£a minister of religion/ Some people thought' it was very , easy to talk, they should get up and try it. D.r. Alexauder used to say that during a year he composed as much asa popular author, spoke aa jnuch as a lawyer in fulljpraciio';, and wrote asmuch as half the merchants in the city. There wks much difficulty in getting money to pay off .the, debt of a church. .Some people calledinoney filthy lucre; but that was b'ei-ause it was touched by filthy hands. Money was a grand thing if used in a proper manner. Me did not believe in a man who got all and kept all.' -He hoped thoss» present would give what they 1 could, aud,-like Nelson, he would say " England exoects that every, man' will do his duty," and angels can do no more. Rev- jJ-jA Waddell, in a humourous speech, propose^^a vote_;of thanks to the ladies,' f.-r the very able and kind 'manner,' in Which - tli'ey had carried out their part- of the wprk .of the present successful meeting. . Rev. Ji Butler, in'seconding the: tesolntion, said tbat he was'quite»t a disadvantage for be did not partake of the good things provided, but he koejrrtbat when t|ic la^es took anything in hsnd thyJa'rried it out properly. He, therefore, bad Juueh -ftteifeure in^seconding the resolu tion. The chairman having put the vote to the meeting, it-was carried with.acclaniation. Rev. john Cameron said. altliou^h he declined - to speak when called upon by the chairman, he wished tp/mak*pne or two remarks, Jiy way of explahaaoi^' It affordfed him mucb ; i>les8ure in being there this evening.- and he was always "prepared, to Attend: apd. address uty .-meeting to which he was invited." About half ad hour age Mr. Waddell called on him and invited hini to this meeting,.; and, .although the notice #ras rather short '(the tea then being over), he oonv tented at once to attend, but staled that he': 'wouldjoifno at-Coiint speak. Mr.-- Waddel ac-' cepted .this condition, and lie WBN, therefore, rather surprised-'at being "called' on-to ajwak immedistely on tmtering. TJie, remark made by Mr.^Wadilell that coming' there tJtf so short. » notice he could not be cxjpHiied to address t|ic meeting, not being prepared, was not the reason. 1 >He -had mentioned jthe reason to Mr; Waddell. who. "regarded it as most eatistaetory; and he did not consider it necessary to give it to the meeting. He thought there appeared to be a little vanity with some men on the point of speaking without preparation. I{e thought,no one lihould attempt to address a public audience without '.khowing ' something of what his. wished to say. . Without this no man could H|iaak properly,' Lord Drougham'aays that' ba re- wrpta the peroration of a certain speech which he trace made in Parliament nineteen times. If so great a man required such preparation what do ordinary men not require ? He considered that pflpit has lost its power from Uw waat of t'J Mbeen irMlly Hiueful jwho did not preparer^indjbw. haTa ! foiled who did. He vinaicated ' preparation in public apeaking^ liut -deelined to speak on that occasion, not because he knew of nothing ~ to say, but for another Meson. He came to the meeting on the distinct agtMment that he would not speak, and, thereforet-defined to respond to a call which it was understood was not to bp inado. . Bev. Wm. Curnow thought that the proper way was. to study both methods; that of speaking without, as^wieU As with; preparation.._> A vote of thanks was unanimously accorded to«he41«v. Wm. .Curnow. and the other gentlemeu who had addressed the meeting. After.a cpliection had Jbeen made the doxology sang, andtjthe ;'benedictiofi protabunce'd; the proceedings terminated. ' " t h e services on-Sunday, the sale of tickets, and the collections at the public meeting, • was abbut £30. . J . . i THE puT«loiKoiMaii,.*r—The mail for Eng. latid,.uitf Suez;'* will ] close at the post-office, Young, on to-morrow" (Sunday) evening, at halfpast nine o'clock. Registered letters to go by this mail "most be ppstedr^and money orders : obtained—bv 3.p,n).'t6-(14y. " NEW Milt'A»BiiroBMEBTB.r—The alterations in the arnyiil iind'4epartui« of the Sydney mailt, which lfave laterfy^beett in contemplation, will take effect from kod ; aiter Monday next. Having only received the information at a late Jfc^t night,; we only give the time of" the arrival and departure to and from Yass. Jr^tgftfej—At Young from Yasa, vid Murrumburrali, every Monday, Wednesday, and Saturday, at 8 a.ni. At r Yourie, from Yass, vid Barrowa, every Friday aud Saturday, at 10 a.m. Departures:—From Young to Yass, vid Murruuilmrrah, every Monday, Wednesday, and Saturday, at 4 p.m. From Young to Yass, vid Uurroft'tt. even,- Friday and Saturday, at 3 p.m. A tiev* mail time-table will be inserted in our « X issue." , ThflTiMOSiit—On Monday evening last the I friends of J, R. Edwards, Esq., presented him j with a trstimcraial, as a mark of esteem aod respect, in the form of a cheque for 7ol. liie ! Rev. W. H. Pownall, who had been requested bv the contributors to preseut the testimonial, handed the same to Mr. Edwards, expressing at the same time the pleasure it gave him to be -the bearer of hi* friends good wishes. Mr. Bd- , wardsbaid he felt Unable to give expression to his ! leelings, not knowing of anything that he bad done.to merit at the hands of his friends such a mark of esteem and respect, but he would, in another form (by letter), say what, at that time, he felt unable, tdigive expression to. Since the presentation the following letter has been received :—" Vineyard Cottage, Young, 1st Sepember, 1868.—Rev. Sir and Gentlemen,-—In accepting the very handsome testimonial which ynu~have presented to me, on behalf of yourselves and a number of my friends in the district, I assure you that I cannot express how deeply sensible*I am of the honour you have conferred upon' me—the more so, as I am unconscious that anything which it has been in my Spower tojdo could merit so distinguished a marircif esteefe. -illow me again to tender you my acknowledgements for the honour you have Iwstowed: iiptm me, and to assure you that, as l<jng as I lire. I nhnll.remember tlie kind friends I have in the district of Soung.—I am. Rev. Sir'atad gentleman, yours sincerelv. J. R. EDWABDS. TO the Rev. W. H- Pownall, J. W. Croaker, C. Marina, E.sqs., and the other gentleman pre/tenting the'testimonial."—On the v<;rv day of'tiie presenVation, Mr. Edwards re : ceived from the Attorney-General a telegram civing him a month's leave.of absence. He aceorffint;lv*left .by the .coacji on,Tuesday morning on a trip to Sydney. ' 1 We hone he will return strcngthefied jn !>ody and refreshed in mind, with no traces of the serious illness he has recently passed thrpugli^ MB. T. R. WATT.—We are sorry to have to -state that on Monday last this gentleman • was taken very seriously ill. Dr. Temple was in immediate attendance, and Dr. Campbell, of Yass. was also sent for, and we are happy to state -that, although still very ill, all danger is considered-as over.-and that he is now progressing favourably, and we hope in our next issue to,be. able to. chronicle his perfect convalescence. " . " THB NEW ROSH.—The news from the new rush, which is named Shepherd's Gully, is satisfactory. . About fourteen holes have been bottomed, ten of which obtained gold, which, we suppose, may, in these dull times, be considered payable, averaging froin two to four grains to the dish. These workings run for about a quarter of a mile, and lower down, towards the MaiC Creek, some deep ground is, being tried. One party sunk a shaft, but, not having the-necessary appliances -ready, the water was too much for them. Oilier shafts are now being sunk, the' parties in each case being prepared to grapple with the water difficulty. The'whole of the workings are on new ground. Tlwre are about, one hundred men on the grouD'l. about half of "whom are working aud tiie rejii^itider shepherding. BRUNASQONO HOSPITAL.—The monthly committee meeting of this institution was held on Thorada^.ijbhe3rd, instant. Present: Rev. W. H. PownaM (in the cliairl.' Messrs LyofiR; and Storiuer. Tin; Minutes ofthe previous meeting serc read and confirmed. The following accounts ' were passed and ordered-.to-be paid.:— Hadwirk, bread (2 raotiths), 21. U. lid.Hadwick,,groceries, 31\. 10s. 7d.; T. R. Watt, meat, 1/. 16s. 9d. ; Vickers;' wMer, 15s. ; Drl Teaij'le, salary. 52.; Tortershell and wife, salary. 51. 8s. 4d:;' JLyon*, Sundries, 2L 15s.; Fletcher, sundries. 3s. 9d.; Manson, sundries, 6s.; Rev. W. H. Pownall. bazaar expenses,.21.10s.; Tiedietnann, milk, 19s.; total, 25Z. 6s. 4d. The medical if rort for. the month ending 31st August showed that iluring the inntith two'patients had been admitted, three discharged, and' that three \- were remaining for 'medical treatment. It was resolved that a meat safe be provided for the use of the institution. . ; LRJ.VE QF . ABSBVCK. — Our mucli-respected C.P.S., Mr. Edwards, having obtained a month's leave of absence, left for 8ydney on Thiirgday morning., The duties of bis office will be con-, ducted ;by the^ PoUce Magistrate, with the ex-, ce'ption of the registration of mining shares, wliioh. with the duties belonging to that departwept,:: ^ill; be-executed by, JVJr. Neate, at the gold iromuusioneria olEpe,ine*t5to the 'office of this journal. . jUiit QJINTBACTS.,—Tenders for the conyev»ncR of fn^iU to and from4he undermentifcn'eri places, ¥or ifte or three years,' Cront J th I ft r^f«iio«TV, 18f>9, will be received up to Jl o'cloi:k oil the l'9th ' day' oT October next. aiMressed to the - Secretary of the General Post- office, Sydney. A seperate tender must be sent >ui; for each line as numbered. Southern Boad:-—8o. 21. To and from Yass ^nd Burrowa, vid Limestone fnd Laud's Creek, three times a week. No. 22: ,T° *ud from Burr»v a Marengo, and Young. Wee a week. -No. 23\. To . and from Young, Moraugarell, and Mar^den's, once a. week'. ' .Each tender must bear on the back of it a certificate from a magistrate that the teuderer and his sureties are respectable and responsible parties, without which certificate, tenders will not i.a considered. Printed torms of 'teuder may be had on application at any post-office. . . UHCUIHRO LSTTBSB.—Th'e following unclaimtd letters may be obtained on application at the post-office, Young, up to the 14th inst. when tbey will be forwaidad to ths dead letter 0%ie 8ydney^T-|Barty, ^Filham; Canaren William ; JB^k(^ury. Jan9w C.;; Harri, Joseph; Hopley. George; Iirinej -Matthew; Kelly, Mr.; Laley,, James; XAWBOO, C. M.,; Leonard, Frank; Madburran,. Mrs.'; Morgan t Mrs.; O'Neal, Mrs.; Ormsby, J. L..; Peberdy, T.,; Smith, J.,; Spray, S. J..; Waldea, W. TiK- KKiTtiiro.—Apropos of our remarks some little time since respecting this nuisance, we notice that tin-kettling does not answer in- the. Albury district, ..thraf men haying been lately committed for trial for ; indulging in this time. It appears a Mr; Smith, who had fe n getting married, was returning home in a buggy with his 'bride, -and "that the prisoners escorted him for the Inst six miles oT his journey with an accompaniment of chinese -gongs, kerosene tins, bullock bells, horns, and other kinds of music, «reaUy 4P ih^ inconvenience of the said Smith, and against' the peace of our Sovereign lady the Queen, her crown, and dignity: -'.... APPBOVED CLILLUS yoB pag-EltPTIVE LEIBBB. The applications of the undermentloQed persons for pre- emptive leases have been approved of subject to the conditions of the -thrown Lands' Occupation Act of 1861. "The rent ibh these leases must be paid either to' the .fcgent t'or the sale of Crown lands of 'ih'e -district in which they are situated, or to the.Treaiiury in Sydney, within two months -from the date of the notice (27th August, 1868)EjlmDnd Slattery,. Burroya, 255 acres. couhty of King, parish of Bala, i«nt, 10s.; Edmund Slattery. Burrowa, 335 acres, county of Einp, parish of Bala, rent, 10s. 6d.; William M. Sutherland, 3)unowa, 682 acres, county of Monteagle, parish of Wamba- Aumba, rent, 18?. 3d,.. ... Nsw/PoSTai Ritas.—Arrangemcnfe r . have been' madd With her Majesty's linperial Govctni ment under which the rates of postage chargeable upon letters addressed to all places in the East Indies, will be as follows exceeding half annunce, Is.; exceediug half an ounce,.but' .not exceeding an ounce, 2s. ; every additional half ounce. Is.; these rates will prepay correspondence to its destination ; .a»<>. will apply to the following places. viz., India. China, L'enang, Singapore, Japan, Java. the. Phillipine Islands, Labuan, Borneo, Siaip. Sumatra, or the Moluccas, and other places in the -East Iuiies. TOWN TALK.—The only public event worthy of notice that has occurred during the past week was the Wesleyan tea meeting, which to<ik place on Afouday last, aud was universally patronised. ..One good arrangement hi connection with this mectiug was the providing of a separate place for children to take their tea in, anil we doubt not this plan will for the future be adopted. It is certainly very pleasant to see'a large numbar ofboth isexes congregated, together, and it is a pity that -there were not inure of these or similar social reunions, for they help to do away with much idle gossip and scandal, which, in a couutry town like STouug is too often indulged in, and perhaps does more harm than the careless perpetrators either tliink or intend. Seeing that anything of an amusing and harmless character is well patronised we think the bachelors of Youtiit should make another effort to get up a mechanic's Institute. We say bachelors, because they'would be chiefly benefited by an institution of this kind, so tliev should be-the ones to put their shoulders .to the wheel and seo if it cannot be accomplished 1 . Talking won't do it that's certain, but singing miirlit, ahd, ut any Tate, it is worth trying. It is well known that tliare are plenty of really first class singers in Young, and au- amateur concert would, we ,believe. take amazingly well. If two or three of our bachelor friends will join us we shall* be happy to do all that.lays in our power to carry out the above suggestion or any 'other that may be dceuied practical for the establishment of an institution of the. kind referred to, the want of which we consider a lastiug disgrace to the town and district.~The Rev. Win. Curnow met with an accident on his return journey, having at Fisher's Creek been uiifortuuftte cnougli to break both wheels of his buggy. We are glad to xtate that he -suffered no personal inconvenience from the accident. —Owners of dogs. are reminded that they must register the same duriug the present month. Any person keeping an unregistered dug after the 30th will be liable to a tine.——The Cricket season has commenced if we may judge by the fact that several of our towusnu-a assemble as often us their occupations will allow to indulge in tlii* litvourit^ old. English sport. The club will shortly be re-formed when fresh members names will be enrolled for the ensuing season-—A little girl, aged seven years, named Deborah King mbt with an accident near ber residence at Tipporary Gully, on Saturday last. She was playing close to a hole about four feet deep, down which she fell, breaking her leg just above the ankle. -She WHS at once brought into the Burranttong hospital, and Dr. Temple being in immediate attendance, her leg was set, and. we:' are* happy to' state - she is !now doing well.—We regret to., have to record the reappennce of that' terrible plague, the caterpillar. On the.flats and rides around Young, they are -fitiokly dbpM-sei. In size .'ihey' are somewhat similar,to those which visited us last yelif/'attd, if their powers of dnstruction are' prbpoiHioned to Their 4mlk, ewry blade of herbage ^' ill.qujckly disappear., . c 