Thursday July 30, 1868 Before the police.magistrate. Gabriel Izzard was charged with being in unlawful possession of beef. Senior-constable Kennedy stationed at Binda, deposed: I searched prisoner's premises in virtue of the warrant produced; I met him on my way there, and in going to his house in his company, I found a cask of beef; I asked him how long it was since he killed, and he said about two days, and that the beef was in the cask ; it was beef from a cow; I asked him for the hide, and he showed me a whole one hanging across the tie-beam; he said he bought It from a man he did not know; he said the brand was IH or HI; I tried to find the brand when he said, "it is no use looking as there is none; it is a beast of my own that I ran in out of the scrub;" I washed the hide and found a brand CD reversed off rump, 4 off ribs;.I asked him how it came so branded, and he replied "some one else must have done it;" I then arrested him for stealing the beef; as we were starting my attention was drawn to a stump of a tree that had been grubbed up, which Constable Mc Laughlin and I rolled away, and concealed under the earth we found the red hide produced; it is branded JC off rump and ribs; prisoner said he knew nothing about it; it belonged to a beast recently killed; it is the hide of a cow ; the stump alluded to was about fifteen yards from prisoner's house; I saw none of his cattle about; prisoner said the beef belonged to the red hide; he said he had boiled down the head and feet; I found where there had been a fire, and a quantity of bones burned; the fire was still warm; prisoner said it was hard to be punished for one beast while his wife and children were starving; he made reference by name to parties whom he believed had sent the search-warrant, and he stated that where he killed one they killed a dozen; Constable Mc Laughlin and George and Thomas Burchell were with me. To prisoner ; The fire was still warm; the bones there were shank-bones ;you said you had been away some time, and that when you went you had left cattle behind you; I did not hear your wife say you had cattle there now. Constable Me Laughlin deposed I accompanied the former witness to prisoner's ; his wife said he had been away some time, and had left cattle behind him; she said the white cow was prisoner's. The case was romanded till Friday next. POI~Cz"OTICIc IiosviL-August 3rd, \V, P. ItA ley and WV. 1ý. DIfflain Eaqa.; 61h A. II, Finlay and \V. 11. 1Iot,1 t Eaqa.; 71h, fl. if, lillona 1101l and F. Ii. Ii. Iloai, Laqes. flauovou? COvNC:L.-Tho council mont on Thur,. d av.s1'reaent-tha )tnlyor, and Aldermran Fox lnbs, ,Uore, Lord, Ualo, aw1 itichardi, 1'g0p080d by Alderman Heorn, seconded by Alderman'For, that a rate.collector Le appointed to be paid at the rate of fire per esnt. upon all rates actually collected by him. On which an amendment was proposed by Aldterman Lord, and seconded by Alderman Rich ards, that the council advertise for a rate- collector at 31 per cent., and that he be required to enter into a bond himself in £50, and two sureties nto £50 each. The votes being equal for each motion, the mayor arve his vote in favour of the odglinal motion. l'roposed by Alderman Lord, seconded by Alderman Richarls, that a rate-collector be advertised for at the rate of fire per cent., and that he find sureties himself in £50, and two others in £50 each. Carrel. Maoved by the mayor, secoded by Alder-. man Osle, that all moneys collected by him for rates shall be paid into the bank every day and a voucher for the same handed to the council clerk. Carried. l'Proposal by Alderman Itichards, seconded by Alder man Lord, that the mayor prepare an address to the ihonorable James Byrnes on the opening Of, the railway to forowollen. Carried. Tae Fat. Avracoe Axurat. RerraL or Paor? Era r Dae THE MtttICrIPALITIer Acr.-"The 1ith clause of the Municipalitles Act says that all build. logs and cultivated lands or lands which are or bare been let shall be aussessed at nine.tenths of their fair average annual rental. In the Goolburn court of appeal on Tuesday last both the learned attorneys agreed that it was the present value that should be taken, while one of them, Mr. Walsh, said that it would have been better had the word "average" been omitted. One of the revising magistrates, Mr. llosei, however gave it as his opinion that the word average most be taken to apply to rent received during a series of years put. Whether a majority of the bench took the same view or not we have no means of knowing; but it would almost seem so Inas. much as several properties were assessed at a higher rent than has been paid for some years back, and some at a higher rent than has ever been paid at any period. The principle appears to us to be altogether errone osn; and as further appeales have to be beard on the Ilth it is as well that the matter should receive further consideration. To aseess the rental of roperty at more than it will bring, scarcely seems to beto asses? it at itsfairl rental; and that the principle is wrong will probably be conceded when it is stated that it does not appear to have been acted on else where, nor by our own valuators. If the latter hail done so, all propertles would have been assessed at least fifty, In many cases a' hundred per cent. higher; and thea in every instance there would have been an appeal; so that as there are 1312 properties on the books, there would have been 1312 appeals I f however the principle be correct, it is plain that it can be applied fairly only by taking into consideration the years during which properties are nolet and bringing in no rent at all. If we are to have such an average as that indicated we must take the bad with the good. It is difficult to see how such a principle could be applied in any but a very young country; for if it be correct at all, there is no reason why it should be confined to a few years, and we should at once go back to the Creation, or at least to the Deluge. Perhaps the words "fair average" might have been omitted without altering the strict legal meaning of the Act; but they indi cate its spirit; and they appear to us to be not alto. gether useless for the following reason. In all large towns there are small properties let by the week, the rents of which are constantly changing.. Sometimes 8s., sometimes 6s., can be got for a cottage; while sometimes it is empty.. As these properties are assessed at an annual, not a weekly1 rate, it is necessary to determine their "fair average rental- that is the amount which the landlord would probably actually receive during the year, or what he would be willing to accept from a responsible tenant agreeing to take his premises for a year cer tain. To make the matter still clearer it would be well to consider the proper meaning of the word "annual," which is by no means solely from year to year, but means also lasting only a year. It is thus given in Webeter's Dictionary :-"Yearly; recur-. ring every year; lasting only a year or season; per. formed in a year." Besides If it were not the present value that is intended, why need there be an annual assessment? The assessment might as well at once be made for seven or ten years, or Indeed for ever. There is another reason why the words "fair average" appear to be properly em ployed. From one cause or other a tenant some times paye an extreme rent or a landlord accepts a very low one; but it would not follow that two properties exactly equal should be assessed differ ently merely because of the accidental circumstances under which they were let. Their "fair average" rental is what is Intended. To confirm the view here advanced we find that the same clause already *eefred to prescribes that unimproved lands shall be assessed at the rate of five per cent. upen the espital value of the fee-simple, and the interpretation clause defines the words "capital value" to. mean the current market value thereof. Thus It is plain that in the case of unimproved property the assessment should not be on its value during past or future years, but on its current value; and as this is clearly the principle which the legislature intended to apply in the case of one class of property It Is difficult to suppose that they intended one exactly the opposite to apply to another class. The matter appears to us so clear that we should not have felt Called on to argue it, were it not for the view stated from the bench. While on the subject we would suggest that one very good principle for the justices to act on would be that in all cases that are not very plain the benefit of any doubt that may exist should be given to the appellant, as the mere fact of a person appeal. Ing and losing his day's work and perhaps a in a solicitor affords a reasonable presumption that his assessment Is excessive. ., PaRnEsieattIN.-The Induction of the Rev, II. Macready to the charge of the Blraidwood district will take place on Wednesday next in the Presby terian church, Duncan-street Braidwood, when the Rev. John Gibson of Yass will preach the Induction sermon, and the Rev, Dr. Steel will also address the people. . . ve Ion WEATHEa AT GouunxuN continues very fine with frosts at night and mild sunny days-indeed all that could be wished. aThere is every prospect at present of an early spring. . Pauxca Atvana MEHORtALt IIosrIrTL.--At a meeting of the local committee of the Prince Alfred lHospital held at the municipal chambers on the 29th Instant, it was announced that the amount already collected was £160 So. 2d. in cash, and £13 2s. In promissory-notes. It was decided to advertise the names of the subscribers and to forward £160 to the central committee, together with a copy of the published list, to be inserted in the Sydney Mornlng Herald. A vote of thanks was accorded to the members of ; the .Wesleyan Mutual Improvement Society for their generous aid in augmenting the fund by a donation of £14 ls., being proceeds of an entertainment given by them. The meeting then separated. . Accoesn.--On Wednesday morning, while a man named Samuel Welit was working at the railway cutting the other side of Towrang, the embankment gave way, and the earth, some seventy or eighty loads, fell inopon him, crushing the unfortunate man very much. Dr. Perry was sent for, and wan in attendante Immediately on the sufferer and although no bones were broken, he found the poor man suffering lnternally, lie died the following day. lle leaves a wife and three children, .Ueecsarsen Larrnas.-Llst of unclaimed letters ling at the following post-offices i-At Collector t 'homas Dunn, Thus. Styles A. Noble, At Button Forest * Patrick Bro erlck, James Cromptont Michanol Carr, P. Daly Mr. Denny, Wiltlast Orey" Detsy- eIlnerney, John Pavet, Joseph Poltman, William Roberts, II, 1. Spencer. . . Ghoubutra Wastuarar Murnir IatPnuvOiEMSe Soctsrc,-On Tuesday evening last there was a large attendane. Growing interest Is manifest In the meetings, for the attendance at last meeting was the largest of any for some months past. Mr. Sutton (vireepresident) presided. One new member was elected. The meeting was principally devoted to ths formation of a business-paper for the remainder of the year. ,.uch enthusiasm was evinced in promises for the eubjects which form the characterlsties of the society's operations. Mr. Mossreadan ensay entitled Mutual Improvement and Debating Socttleos. It was announced that on the following Tuesday even ingo a debate would take pluo-Ought Capital Punlshment to bo Abolished f-to be opened by Messrs. Youngman and Furner. In accordance with the rules of thu soolety visitors will be ad. mitted on the introduction of the members. It is expected that a large number will be present.-Cotn municated, Maou Coxvacece.-The poetmasiertgeneral inu vites tenders up to the 4th instant, for the convey. ance of the following mails i-To and from ltooroo woolen and Murrumbab, three times a week, and to and from the railway station, Nattal, and post-offioes, Netlal and Iltrrima, twelve times a week. , Can.enkrAtxo or Manntoos.--The 1Rev. Samuel Alesander HIamliton, of the Presebtorian Church of New South Wales, ollelating minsiter et hay, has boco registered Sor the colobration of iautrlagt. .e Taos atonoa.-The minister for wcrki mnvites up to the I1th rtstant, tenders for castings, &e.;, for Yals bridge. RtALWAr ADvETatscxo.-The commisstloner for railways invites tenders up to the 11th August, from persons willing to contract for the right of atining advertisements at the railway stations on the govern tment railways. . TELEGRAPH GUARANTEE: J. N. Ryan and others v. R. Clay.-This was an action reported by the Burrangong Argus, heard at the small debts court Young, last week, to recover £2 10s, amount alleged to have been guaranteed by the defendant towards the erection of the telegraph line from Yass, and the working expenses of the telegraph station at Burrowa. Mr. W. D. Campbell conducted the Case for himself and other complainants, and Mr. Freestone, solicitor of Young, was retained by Mr. Clay and other defendants. The particulars of the case, as far as we could gather, are briefly these. After several meetings held in the town, a bond was entered into is January 1866, by Edward. Ryan, J. N. Ryan, W. D. Campbell, F. R. Hume, George Eason, Michael O'Neill and T. D. Gibbons, Esquires, guaranteeing the Queen for five years the difference between the actual receipts at the local telegraph office and the cost of constructing a telegraph line from Yass and maintaining a telegraph station here for the same period. Previous to this guarantee bond being signed and delivered to the telegraph authorities another or sub-bond was signed by a number of other gentlemen in the district, who severally and collectively bound themselves to pay certain sums set opposite their names. Some months ago, a claim was made by the Superintendent of Telegraphs for £135, the difference between the actual receipts and the cost of construction and maintenance up to the pre- sent time. The original guarantors collected and paid in £50 of the amount and advertised their intention of taking proceedings against the sub- guarantors residing in the town who should not have paid the respective proportions due to them on or before the 11th July; and hence the present action. Mr. J. N. Ryan gave evidence as to the nature of both bonds; that the original bond was in the hands of the telegraph authorities; that the copy produced was identical with the orignal; that a peremptory demand had been made, and a portion of the money paid in. Mr. Wotton, commissioner for affidavits, deposed that Mr. T.H. Corcoran, now an inmate of Tarban Creek Asylum, declared on affidavit before him that the bond produced, bearing the signatures and seals of defendant and other sub- guarantors, was true in every particular. Mr. Freestone pleaded that Mr. Wotton's evidence being of a secondary nature was not admissable; that there was no evi dence of the bond being signed, sealed and delivered by defendants as required by law; also the Statute of Frauds, there being an allegation that some of the names to the bond (Clay's for one) had impro perly been placed there. These and other objections were energetically. urged by Mr. Freestone, who quoted at length in support of his views, from Smith's Leading Cases and other authorities. R. Clay, on being put in the box, disputed at first but ultimately admitted that the signature might be his. Mr. Campbell, for the complainants, met all the objections of Mr. Freestone in a lawerly logical manner, and the police-magistrate coinciding in his views, a verdict was entered for the amount claimed. Mr. Freestone, for the reasons stated in his pleadings, notified his intention of moving for a prohibition. There being other technical objections raised in the case of Mr. J. D. Crego, the hearing of that and other defended cases was postponed for a month to enable the prosecution to bring forward evidence of the handwriting of Mr. Cracknell. The court then adjourned until Wednesday, the 12th August next. MeLosouaxr. -Monday.?-?Mr. Mu Culloch, the chief secretary, addressed s meeting of hsle con stituents at Mornington' on Saturday, and gave a still further exposition of the policy of the govern. ment. lie stated, amongst other things that the government Intend to introduce the principle of free-selection before survey, under the 42nd section of the Land Act, and to make it have effect all over the colony. The government also Intend to borrow £2,000,000 for the construction of the Ovens rail. way. , Mr. McCulloch's addrise "occupied three hours and a half in its delivery, and at its close he was loudly cheered. Iliis friends believe his return for Mornington is certain.-Since the termination of the deadlock, about £600,000 has been paid by the government. The Judgments are being met at the treasury as fast as they can be attended to. Some of the officials have already received their salaries up to the end of June.-A company has been formed and named the Central Wine 'Depot and Agency 6on. pany. The capital is £100,000,? The objects of the company are to provide a central mart or the sale of wines, end to make advances thereon to prodsenrs. -Grace Egerton,,who has lately, been performing here, Intends to leave for Sydney towards the end of the week, and proceed afterwarde'toQueensland, Tueeday.-The treasury payments are progressing to the great relief of the members of the civil service, and the holders of assigned judgments.-Mr. Nixon and his coadjutors In the glass manufactory project have already succeeded in producing a few articles, which are much admired, Clay, of an epparently superior, description;,has,been discovered, and Is betng tested to determine its adaptability for, the business.-Holders of breadetuffs profess to believe that the market will not be affected by the intelli pence from 'California; received by the steamer Mlataura.-The Earl and Countess of Belmore and suite, after visiting the reefs at Sandhurst went to Castlemalne by special train, and were received by Colonel Bull; they, visited the Burke and Wills monument.' The vice-regal party leave to-morr6w for Melbourne, and will 'proceed to Sydney by the maiL-The elections are causing much excitement. Hogan has been sentenced to death for the murder of Patrlck Rooney.-Wednesday.-lIIs Excellenoy the Earl of Belmore and party arrived In Melbourne at four o'clock this afternoon, and at once proceeded to Toorak, where they are to - be the: guests of his Excellency Sir J. II. Manners-Sutton until.they leave for Sydney.-The ministerial elections are causing great excitement. It is generally supposed that the contests for South' Dourke and Mornitgton will be very close.-The opposition' candidates are being actively supported by the clergy of the Roman Catholio denomination, as well as by the Constitu. tional' Association. - Telegrams to Sydney daily papera.' ' -..... . , ', r-. \- awanJo.-Monday.-The purchase of the Went worth estate, Lucknow, by a Ballarat mining 'com. pany Is completed. Possession was taken by the new' proprietors on Saturday last.-Wednesday Chrlatopherson and party took out of their claim at Uphir yesterday, two buckets full of gold. A man name Douglass, on looking at it, fainted away. Telegrams to Sydney daily papers.,! COOMA. — Monday. — The quarter-sessions com- menced to-day, before Judge Simpson, and the following cases were disposed of:—-William Orr, sheep-stealing, acquitted ; Chung Ham, assault, twelve months in Goulburn gaol; Yioh Tow, unlaw- fully wounding, eighteen months in Goulburn gaol ; James Obert Darley, stealing posted letters, three charges, three years hard labour in Goulburn gaol ; James Fraser, cattle-stealing, three years' hard labour in Darlinghurst gaol; Ann Bock, stealing from a dwelling, remanded till next sessions, the recog- nisance of prosecutor being ordered to be estreated.— Telegram to S. M. Herald. Bowac.- Monday.-The Donmerang (e.) left for Sydney at noon, with 1800 es. of gold on board. New diggings have been discovered, distant one hun dred miles from hero., Two gentlemen sent by the provincial oommlttee to Inspeot them have returned and report favorably; they brought back five speed. mens. The committee are expected to send pros. pectors. - Count Von Attem s 'yacht, Hamlet's Ghost, arrived on a crulse.-Tslegram to'S.' I Herald. DeNottneto. - ?fonday.r-- Ills ,Excellency, and soite, accompanied' by the llon; James Martin, attorney-general, arrived heres late on Thursday eight I on Fridey his Excellency received addresses, &o.;, from the publio bodies, and held a levee imme diately after, The Countess of Belmore also held a ladles' reception. Iloth were numerously attended; after whloi his Excellency and suite, and the hon. attorney-goneral, attended a public dabauser, at which about one hundred guests aseembled. Oo Saturday the Earl and Countess of Balmore and party and the Premier: attended the fete cesamoftre given by' the I~on. P. A. JennIngs, Warbreccan; about one hun dred and sixty of the leading residents of the town and district were present.' The day was delightfully floe, and the affair was a brilliant success, The vice regal party started this morning for Mfoams, whers they ere to be entertained at a private lunch.' They cross the Murray there, and proceed via Echuca to Santhuret to-night. They propose to visit the mines there,'Land proceed to Castlemalne the follow. Ing night, arriving In Melbourne on the afternoon of Wednesday. Durlng their stay In Sleihourne they will ,be the guests of the Governor of Victoria, at Toorak, where they remain' till the arrival of the August mall steamer, by which they intend to return to tddooy.-Talegcatnto 1. Me i1erad4., u GoLto Escouar, Tcwxc.-The ins O r'geer of.. police bas given notontie that the gold bleort from Tamut has been disoontin?e, and the o efile of gold. receiver at that place abolished. Police protection will be afforded to gold.beyerrs when conveying gold to the nearest receiving escort station.-Yaus Courier. IxooaronaTZox or Yass.-A petition praying for the Incorporation of Yas has been prepared and is now in course of signature.. It already bears the . names of several of the most ianflueptial Inhabitaunts, - including magistrates, attorneys, bankers, storekeep. ren, and others. It is stated that a counter- petition will at once be prepared, and that the opponents to the incorporation of the town will use every effort to'. render the frst.mentioned petition of no effeet.;. Many incoorrect assertions are in course of circulation ;'. and we recommend those not fully, acquainted with' the provisions of the Manicipalities Act to ascoertainl the accuraey of statements made on either side before appending their nams.-Yasu Courier" ?+i: :.+ ,t t The following rare story'of oficial mismanage. ment is reported by the Mudgeo Liberal?-We often hear of official blundering, but of all the cases of ridiculous stupidity we never heard or read of a case equal to the one we now, relate'. It appears that the telegraph.master at this station was in want of kerosene, quicksilver, and stationery.: Those artl dles were accordingly forwarded, the kerosene in a . proper tin, the qulckslilver in a gingerbeer-bottle the oil, the quicksilver, and the stationery In the' same case. . It further appears that on the journey',r the quicksilver forced the cork out of the bottle. This subtle substance fastened on the solder of the oil-tin, and of course destroyed it. ,Upon' arrival, the case was carefully opened in the yard in front of; t the building, the stationmesuter took hold of the, kerosene'tin by the handle to take it out of the case,-: and believing it was fall used some little force to get It out, when to his utter astonishment he weut over on his back with the top of the tin in his hand. The , quicksilver had eaten away the solder, every droqp ofor the oil had leaked out, and the whole of the statioan~x( ery was utterly destroyed. ,The quicksilver had lol. , lowed the oil, and no trace of It was left. r. "' '" Ixroino AsT IBraowia' on 22ou July from~ Cattle Station Creek, by Patrick Ryan; sum Se at date of notice, set after each . aoimal: a--? h tu horse, FD over JCIt near shoulder, etar-12.-l s, t.. Re.advertised, other .brands appearing t-" ; :1 mare, ovcr D or DO.or DO off shoulder, stas ,., snip-lis. To be sold 13th'August.1 ' ," IMPOcNDED AT B?U ErONDOau, on 22nud July, fil Gidleigh estate, by II. Beresford;'suma due at date ' of notice, fs. eachs-Brown mare, near hind foot, white, JR near shoulder, aged, 15 hands high;" brown mare, star, shod' all round, writing capitals NP conjoined off shoulder, aged,tl5 hands .high; I-t brown mare, small star, J'P. near shoulder, 3 near ,, thigh, 5 years old, 15,hands'high; roan filly, 11'., near shoulder, indistinct braiddfl ribs, 2 years old, 14l1 hands high. To be sold 14th'August.. sIM'OrUNDED AT Boao, on 23rd July' from Wa(?er.! a, loo Estate, by order of John Cropper, idqc; sum ndue , at date of notice, 9s. 9d,:-Bay horse, star in fore ,, head, hind feet white, a' few white spots under saddle, broken In, branded like' CP near shoulder,'I scar or blotch brand like a on hip near sldo?'- To be,= I sold 13th August. . r :::.... , IProcNDED AT Mfaaaoo00, On 23rd of July, from ,.; Dananbilla, by the superintendent; sum due at date of cotice, 8s. 9d. each :-Chesnut entire; like J over 4 sideways conjoined near shoulder,' star, hind feet " white, broken; baymare, N over N sideways hnear: shoulder, star, broken; black mare; MS near shoul ' der, off hind foot white, broken; black horse, DE near shoulder, broken; cheenut. filly, WIt near shoulder, II sideways near 'thigh, ball face, hind feet white; bay filly II (writing capital) near shoul l. der, star and snip; iron-grey entire, J over JB nears shoulder.-Re-advertised; from Calabash:-Cheonut. pony,' like D over '& or D In circle'over near shoulder four white feet, bob tail, stripe and snip. To be sold 13th August . IMPOUViND AT MoaRNeARELL,'on0 the 17tfL July, from Morangarell, byD. C. McGregor, Esq.; sum due at date of notice set after each animal :-Brown horse, IlL or ML near ribs, broken, aged; 16 hands high-7s.; bay mare, J.G near shoulder, G off aouolder broken, 6 years old, 14 hands high-7s. ?d. To be sold 13th Augost. . obenoNxDED AT QEANSarANw, on the 18th July,'.. , from the BuDorrs, by John Gibbs; present release, 12s. 'i. each:-Grey mare, blaze; no brand visible,' 3 years old j. black colt foal,' no brand visible, 8 '' - months old cream, or mouse-cloared colt, star,; black point, no brand visible, 11 months old.. To be sold 13th'AuguL' .. . - 