RELIGIOUS. I' i Omraon op EttotAND. I Br. Andrew'fl Day, aoth JMqvomber. nos ooen marnoo thia year by "an event of unusual importance - the consecration of the first Cathedral of tho Church of England in Australasia, St Andrew's, Sydney. Durirg tho week preceding this event, Bevon bishops were assembled in conference in Sydnoy, the Bight It v. Dr. Barker, Metropolitan ; and tho Bight R >v Dra Short, Perry, Tyrrell, Tuffnoll. Thomas, and Bromby, tho suffragan Bishops of Adelaide, Melbourne, N .<*. castle. Brisbane, Goulburn, nod Tasmania. Once befóte, in 1830, six bishops met in Sydney, but never hod so many as Bevon mot in any part of Australasia. The chief object of the conference worn to promote united action botweon all parts of the Church ; and especially to provide foy the cal'ing of a provincial synod f or "Australia Tho proceedings of the confer once are not mada public ; but tho Metropolitan publicly stated tho goueral purp >so of the assemblod bishops to bo tho union of clergy and laity in more effaaitra action for tho good of the whola Church. COSSECnATIOK OP ST 'ANUBEw's OATIIEDHAr» Tho B,i^bt Itevereud Frederick, Lord Bishop of Sydney, and M-tropolitan, assistod by tho Bishops of Adelaide, Melbourne, Newcastle Brisbane, Goulburn, and Tasmania, consecrated tho Cathedral Church of S" Andrew, Sydnoy, on Mo day, Noyomter 30, in tho presence of several thousand people. Shortly nf or 0 o'clock the oitizens began to assemble in clusters, eamearrivtngin carriages, others in cabs, large numbers in omnibuses, nnd hundreds from tho country by train. Bat though many wera admitted to tho enclosure at a quarter to 10 o'clock the Cathedral doors were not opened to the general public until tho adreriisod time. Tho weather was ' delightful. His Excellency tho Earl of Belnvre, tho Countess of Belmore, and suite, Sir Alfred Stephen, , and other distinguished persons, the Mayor of Sydney and Lady, and a large concourse of our prominent citizens arrived at 10 SO. The doors of tho western ' and south transept were surrounded principally by ladies. Admission to Beats could only at first bo allowed by, tickots, though hundreds afterwards ob- tained admission to tho forms, without cards. Outside the Cathedral cnclosuro, many hun ' drcds of people wore collected to notice tho arrivals. Every precaution had been tqkon by tho Inspoctor-Genoral of Police to secure ordor ; outsido, and tho Chapter, with tho aid of Mr. Blacket. had been BO far successful in thoir arrangements os to 1 prevent disappointment to-tho crowds who wore 1 desirous of participating in the Consecration Service. Tho bishops and clergy assembled ia tho Temporary ; Cathedral nt 10 80, where thoy put on their surplices, hoods, and trencher caps, according to raab, one's dorree The scarlot hood was worn, as is gonorally ? known, by University doctors; tho blue trimmed hoods denoto! those frem Moore College; ' trimmed with black, licentiates from tho [ University of Durham ; trimmed wi h white fur and black lining donotod Bachelors of Art ; tho light blua, Sydnoy. University ; blaok lining with . orimson. Masters of Art, Oxford University. Thore i iras little distinction between tho hoods of D -ctors of í Divinity and LL.D.'s, both having hoods of pink, with silk lining, tho lattor being a little more crimson ' Tho procession was formed at 10 45 n.in. Thc i clergymen, numbering in i'll sixty-eight, walked in i two* from tho Temporary Oathodral to tho wostcrn entrañe of tho Cathedral. The clergymen of tho diocese J of Newcastle lcd the procession, followed by the clergy men of tho dioceses of Goulburn und Sydnc] Then followed the Hight ß°vere-d Bishops of Non OIBIIO, Goulburn, Adelaide, Melbourne. Brisbane, sn Tasmania, and, lastly precoded by bis Verg r, the Lor Bishop ol Sydnsy. Among; the clergymen we tho Bovs. Messrs. Rowsoll, T. W.ison, Lîigh, Britt« Dr Tucker, Dr. Barry, Eieh, Si01 eton, Hillyer, O'lteil .1 Bailoy, Oavo, Lurasdaino, ICommis, Napoleon Wood'd Blackwood, Young, Garnsay, Hungerford, Soarcs Bogers . McDowall "Wilkinson, Tingcpmbe, Woods Djak, Thomas Smith. Allworth, Occeny, Donkin, J Boss, Pondrill, H S. King, G. King, 0. J. Begg Gunther, Vaughan, Dunning, Middleton, Stephen Druitt, Farmer, Hayden, Bode, Simm, Walsh Cdrlctte (Precentor), and numerous othors, wbosi names we could nor conveniently ascertain. Shortly b'of.iro ll o'clock, tho Djan, and Chaptc went down tho nave tn receive the Metropolitan, am presented a potition for tho. consouratir-n. Tho Biaho] lep'iod, assorting to tho request, and then walked u; the nave followed by tho'other BUhops and the clergy repeating responsively the 21th Psilm. Havin; reno'.icj the chancel, tho B shops toik tilt ir places a tho Lord's Table, and tho clergy sat near thom. Tin choir, consisting of forty-five adult choristers, ant nb jut an equal number of y.uths, occupied tho s:Aii batwoen tho clergy and tho pulpit Bjforo the pulpit, closo to tho lector, ait his Excellency Eirl Bainton and Lady Belmore, Near thom woro Mr. Oharlci Cowper, Captain Boro3fonl, A D.O, Mr. Private Secre- tary Toulmin, Laly Stephen, and Mrs. .'Deas Thoms n Seats had been arranged for seventeen hundred parsons, and all .were .closoly lilied up. The« was a preponderance of Indios in the congregation. When all had taken thoir places, the METBOPOLITAN, standing oa tup ri^lit of the Lord's tablo, said: " Dearly beloved in tho Lord: Forasmuch aa devout and holy men, as woll under th« Jaw as uuderthc gospol, moved either by the seer t inspiration of tho Holy Ghost, or by tho express command of God. or by.tboir ow.i reason and ssnso of orJer and decency, have erected houses for th¿ public wo ship of God, and separated tuarn from all profane and common uses; which godly practico hath a manifest tendency to fill mon's minds with a becoming royereuoí to tho Divino Majesty and to effect thoir hearts with devotion and humility in thoiorvicoof God : Let m humbly hopo, that our heavenly Fathor will favourably approve our prosont purpose, of Betti-IR apart this p ace in solemn mannor for the performance of the several offices of religious worship : and let us faithfully and devoutly beg Hie blessing on this our undoitaWn-, andoiloivnl the usual oonseorati in prayers Tho 0 lancollor of, the Diocese, Alexander Gordon. E<q, then read tho eentt- nco of consecration, whieh was signed by tho Metropolitan, registered, and laid on tho communion utb!o. Tho Metropolitan then took his plao- vn tho thro.ie, and tho Bishop of Ado laido occupied the scat on tho right of thc Ojmmunion XU'JIU. ino wviuii'li ? -"j - Cirlotto Piojontor of tho Cathedra. Tho pmlras for tlie diy wore tho 81th, tho 122nd, and the 132nd. Tho l>cau of Svdnev read. from, tho lector, the first lesson ? Tho 1st Kings, chap. 8, vorfcs 22 to 62, being tho payer of Solomon at tho!dedication of the eraple. The choir and tho whole congregation sane tho To Douin. Tno Hov. Canon Staolc. thon read, from tho lector, tho second lesi< n Luke, 4th chapter,, verses 14 to 21. After tho oolloct for St. Andrew's' Day, tho Metropolitan Baid tho following: - ''0 Lord God, who d «rollest not' iii tcmp'os made with hands (aa saith tho propho:) yet hast' over vouchsafed to accept, tho dovput ondca^urs .of Thy servants, allotting special pincot fer Thy divine worship, promising, cv n there, to hear and'grant'their, requests; Wo humbly bocece lt I hoe to accept of this day's duty. and service' of dedicating this Church to Thy great and glorious Name; fulfil, 0 Lord, we pray Thoa, Thy gracious promises, that whatsoever prayer in this sacred place shall, bo ruado acaordiní* to Thy will, may bo accepted by Toy'gracious favour, and re- turned with tho desired success, to Thy glory and our I comfort, for the elko of' Jesus 0 *rist our Saviour, Amen." , . ' During thia portion of tho so* vice, tho first anthem '.Ol how amtablo. oro thy " dwellings I"-was also sung. Tho musio, both' voca1 mid Instrumental, was m an ai od .with great precision, and the ellet was'voiy impressive and gratifying. ' At the conclusion of the usual morning prayer, tho first, hymn was. sung " Ohrist is mu lo tho suro f.miieuition." oie. Tao uisnop of Adelaide thiin read tho ^nlroduetqry portion of tho Communion Service, in which tho following p nyor vas offered by tho Motibpolitnn : ';. O most glorious .Lord God, we acknowledge that wo arenbt-.wortliy.to tuffcruntb tneo anything belong- ing to 'usj.yet'wo' ooáoech Thoo, . in'Tuy; great good- ness,,graciously ,to'. accept4 the dedication pf t|i<s plue t) Thy service, and .'tb prosper this our, undertaking ; roceivo..the prayers and intercessions of ns. and all. others, Tn'y eorvaatH, eithor now or hereafter entering into this houri- ill call, upon Thee; and givjo .both tlium 'and us gi» * to preparo our'h"ái U to servo Theo with levbreuee und podly fear ir li flVct us with an awful apprehension of '1 by, Divino Majesty,' «nd a deep, sense of dur own unworthiness; ' that so, approaching Thy,. stuctuarr , with lowlinose and dotation, and coming buforo Tbi'o willi clean thoughts, and puro henrie, /rith bodios uudofilod and minds tanptifled, wo tua}' always perform a'Eorvice acceptable to Thee, through Jesus' Ch list our. Lord. Amen ' j '¡¡ho . Bishop of .Goultiu n >'ad ' the ojietlo''in Hornau?, Oih chapter, THO pospel ,for the',day, in Matthew, chapter 4, wm r ad by the Bishop of "Mel. bourne. The socond hymn, "Chris-is our oorner sion-,''h'ivinif been'sutip, the M KTIÎOPOITAN ascended i thu pulpit, anil after ebarjiing th« people to pray for [ thu Church, the Qaecu, thu Gcvuruor, the Parliament, i and magistrates, proaoVd a sormon, ort Matthew 4, 10: ' Poliow me, and I wilt make you fishers of men." After some remarks on tho narrative, ha affirmed the duty of all men t i fo low Christ ; and showed the nature o' their calling who, in following , Christ, become "fishe-s of men," wisely winning s ula to Christ. Ho commended to the imitation of tho peop'o tho example nf St. Androw, who called his own brother Simon to follow Christ. Then commenting on tho work of ministers of tho Gospel, ho showed how vain it was to ospeot success in any other way than in following Ohnst. The heart must first bo ¡riven to Christ and His work. Without such self devotion, followed by meditation- and prayer, Apos toliîal doscont, primitivo practico, and Scriptural order would bo all in vain. Nothing of this nature can bo substituted for that activo and intol.ligont zeal which seeks to win souls to Cb rist by tho great ordinanco of his ppointmont, the preaching of the Gospol of th" grace of Go-î. By. porno persons tho Gospol is disparaged, ,n8 if ils remedial powor wera oxhaueted, a"d other rnodrs of bringing men to tho faith must _ bo adopted. Some require that revelation bo doprived of whatever is offensive to men's minds ; others that warship should be Tendered moro attractive. He did not think that such ollorts had had any success worthy of tho name. Bat'onalisui deprives Christ's death of its effect ; and would mako Heaven'd doors wida enough to admit overy form of unbelief, and limit eternal punishment to the rogions of fabio and myth. Ritualism, on tho other hand, would fain reconcilo us to the unreformed Church of Romo, and to doctrines and practices wbioh our Pro- testant forefathers condemno-J as blasphemous fabUs and dangerous deceits. .Ritualism makes of thn ordinance of tho Lard's Supper a proper a icrifico for sin, and of thc preshytor an atoning interceding priest, thus setting aside thu authority of tho Word of God, and teaching traditions and corruptions not con fained in Holy Seripturo nor to bo proved thereby. But let it be their determination not to be ashamed of the Gospel-but in seeking to win souls, to know nothing savo JCBUS Christ and Him crucified. B> this the Apostles succeeded, And when at the Reformation tho groat »ruth of justification by faith in Christ was restored, life re-enter.d tho Church, dark- ness and death fled away, and devout intelligence took tho place of tuporstition and idolatry. Then addressing the clergy ho eaid : Beloved brethren, if wa are truo to Hin who bas called us to thiB office and ministry, if we love him and honour him, and seek tho salvation of mon in his appointed way, the prosont trials of tho Church at homo will become blessings. As of old there must needs bo herosies among you, that they which are approved may bo tnado inanifrst among you. Lot us then pi ay, and bolievo, that if wo are in tho:e labt times of tho prosont dispensation to have trials such as are coming on one portion of our beloved Church, it is in ordor that '* many may be purified and made white and tried." He hoped this Cathedral would be tho moans of carrying out in this colony tho Saviour's purposes of love. To those row who were present when the foundation stone was laid thiB must bo a solemn season. The mortal remains of the first B shop rest in the'cathedral of Canterbury, and most of tho founders wero for over gone from us. This day fouricon years hgo at Lamboth, ho (Dr. Barker) was sot apart by fathers of ino Church to tho sacred office ho now held. Eighteon t yours agu BIA uiauujao um« w um mj. m gi.o u« 3 pulse to eynodical notion. And during tho past wed; ; ooven of thooight Bishops of Australia had mot for tho purpose of consolidating that eynodical aation. ! For fortyeoven years the work of building this I Cathedral had been carried on. And during all that I loug period there wero.somo who never fainted or grew , Wfary of tho work. Wo honour them, and give thunks to God on behalf of tho depart-d. He hoped that tbe Cathedral would bo extensively useful. Tho cost of ita maintenance would bo upwards of £1000 n year. The seats worn free, and tho endowment was small. ' they would rely chiefly on tho offertory. Tho Dishop ' concluded a discourse abounding in instructive und heart-stirring appeals by calling on tbo people to BOJK ' every ono the goo 1 of his follow men. "Ono is your ' Master, aud all monaro your brethren." L t them I follow Christ in hope of tho bles.el ond,-to bo for aver with the Lord. r Tho Offertory was then taken, and tho concluding 1 prayers w re offered by tho Bishop of Tasmania. o " Blessed by Thy Name, O Lord God,. for that it pleasoth Thee to have Thy habitation among tho sons r of men upon earth, and to dwell in the midst of tho \ assembly of the saints upon earth. Bless, wo beseech 0 Thee, tho religious service of this day, and grant thal 1 in this pla-e, now set apart to Thy glory, Thy Holy 3 Name may be worshipped in truth an 1 purity to ail gonorations, through Joe us 'Christ our Lord." Q Amen. s The bishops, clergy, and othors then partook of tho \- Communion, the Bishops of Brisbane and of Newcastle conducting this part of tho service I Shortly before 3 o'clock tho bishops and clergy, s wi1 h other gentlemen, eat down, in number about lbÖ, to lunaboon in tho Masonic Hall. His Excellency , Euri Belmore presided, and was supported on tho right by the Bishop of Sydney, the Chief Justice, tho t' Bishop of Melbourne. Captain Cardoiv, tho Bishop of 0 Brisbane, tho' Hou John Campbell and the Bishop of a Tasmania; on tho loft by tho Bishop of Acolaido, Sir' r William Manning, tho Bishop of Newcastle, Mr. , Alex.udor Gordon, tho Bishop of Goulburn, and , the Mayor of Sydney. Tho vico chairs were occupied 1 by. Messrs. E. Knox, M. Metcalfe, Themas S. Mott, t and E. Allan. Among those present wore Mri Charles r Cowper, ' tho Ho.i. T. Icoiy, Mr. Charles .Campbell, r Mr. Smart, MP., tho Hon. John Macfarl-nè, Mr. t Isaacs, and Mr Di strict Judgi! Francis Grace was | r said by tho B, v. R L. King. Tho meal bein? r finished, hi3 Excellency, who was most warmly i cheered, roso and proposed the health of tho' Q.ueen 3 He said tho Church of which they were members Tho folio r acknowledged' in tbo exhbrtation usually read when cathedral services were ' porformed, that hor Majesty . the Qiecn is ovar all persons, and in all causes within , ber dominions supreme. (Applause It was not 1 nccessiry, thoroforo, to say anything moro in pro i posing her Majesty Queen Victoria. Tho toast. :Wos drunk with 'dud chrors. and tho i company sang " God Sayè the Queen." Earl BELMOBB then proposed, "Tho Metropolitan i and other Bishops of ''Australia " lie said he wu-i . reading tho ' othsr day a book' written by ono of the t first parsons who carno to this country, clothed with , authority ; and he related how, not long after the i oolony was founded,' when as yet thoto Was no' church ereotc d ,frr tho worship of God, a Spanish man , ot-war put into Fort Jackson, and tho 'chaplain of tho ,. 8bi i, a; It jinan Catholic clergyman, said, if his nation i had icunJed a colony .ike this, ono of their first acts would have been to build u church.. (Cheers.) They i might this day cl ..im to hare at last wiped away the reproach. This Oathodral had been, as he had heard, nearly fifty years siuco tho first stine was' laid. It 1 had been carried on in limes of difficulty and pressure. And he had no doubt that, before another 'generation bad pásied away, tho topmost stono would have boan > laid (Cheers.) Tn tho name of tho o in pa ny ho bade their Lordships tho Bishops welcome to tho mo:ro poiitnn city,. (Loud cheers.) The toast'was warmly taken up, ' Tho' Bishop pf SYDNEY, who, with tho othor biobpps, waa Brebtod on rising with enthusiastic and oft repeated bursts of cheering,'acknow.edgcd'for tho bishops and all the, clergy presont the hospitality of th ?? laity who had,invited thom to this luncheon. Ho Said hobad, on. myro than-one occasion .lately lelt it im¡J035¡b!o to express the deep .feelings o£ . htd heart, feolings pf thankfulness'lo* Aluiiglîty God for the goodness Ho shows to unworthy members of H i Church whijeeok hie glory. .It was not Often that a Mottoriolitan could surround himself w th six of tho bishops of his province. There waB ono absent who woulü gladly havo boen thew, tho Bijhpp . of . Perth, in Western Australia. But ho had recently roturncit from England, and could not loavo his diocese.for so long a umo os a vojago to .Sydney would involve. Of tho conference, ho (Dr.. Ba leur) would say nothing at ptascnt. Tho results of tbo cyunseJs of bishops wotild, in duo time, . be mu.do known. .They wera not conspirators. (Laughter.) They weru not onjlcarouting to bind tin» clergy br tho'laity. They had no dark cells in which to liijprjsin. them., AU - they deBitod was to .unite,, o orgy and laity iu ono o'inimon t.ünd oí ñ-ádo, nnd'l fuitb, and hope, an' l charity.' ' (Cheers.) " They .would give tho clergy 'tho right^to' 'bo'judged; in' certain waltotg. if it over hecamo necessary, aol by their own bitibdp' alone, but b)' another tribunal; and Hey ao.ight tba questions bf1 faith und wo'ishiil'm'glít ut>i' bo settled in each diocese separately, but in'some genetal provincial coui oil. Thus1 they hoped: tb pro vont'1 what Fuhor describes as a Church dividing : iuto "' atoms. H' trusted they' would" niver have' 'sort ii or toa ' atoms in' Australia, mt would remain over one united' brandi of tho Moved Church itt home, I (Gheeis.)' Som of ! lils luo'hren perluipj were liruiij/lit by ?f.v op»d.ng eil ibu Cathedral ; others for tn« sake of the Loufervuto. ' He expressed hiB gratitudr (o God, and thon to thoso into whose hearts He had put it to carry out Hia will in reference to tba Cathedral. For fourteon years tho Cathedral-its future, its usefulness, had been a sub- ject of great anxiety to him. Latterly that anxiety had been much augmented ;-now it had altogether passed away _ (Cheer'.) Ho expressed his great satisfaction with the management of the services, rind especially congratulated the precentor, and thanked tho choir and tho vico presidents at those tables, There was ono who had had some* difficulty in parochial matters, but had not abated ono jot of his int«rcst in the Oath'dral. (Cheers.) There was manifestly a trus union among thom, of which tho Cathedral was the outward expression. Whilo tho Cathodral had boon building other very important works had been i carried on. There was nota parish church in Sydnoy -except ono-which had not been enlarged or recon- structed during that time. As to tho largo sums expended on the Cathedral, it was an importai t fact, mentioned by tho Chief Justice this morning, that this work had been carried on, not fo much out of realised capitales out of annual incomo. It was not mon who had.realised largo sums of money who had given most. Many of thoso gentlemen wore spending thoir money in England. (A laugh.) Tho most con- tinuous in their contributions wore thoso who w. re deriving their incomes from the resources of tho colony. (Hear, hear) He congratulated the architect, Mr. Blacket. (Applause) Air. Blacket had, liko every publio man, to undergo critioism. But tho narrow transepts wore not designed by Mr. Blacket He (the Bishoj ) advised thoso who examined tho Cnthedral to ac', sn tho principio of ono who said to a friend who was going to seo a gallery of picture?, j' Your companion will point out overy excollenoy you soo." Ho hud never had to feel in regard lo any* object that wou'd bear investigation, and that WOB manifestly done for the wellbeing of tho Church,,that tho mombora of the Church failed to support him. If the Cathedral was not built so as to please ovoryhody, it was ooly another proof that that could novor bo dono It would, ho trusted, [bo a means of grace, a placo where multitudes would bo collected togother-a means by which the kingdom of God would be enlarged and ioulstaved. (Applause.) Tho Bishop of ADELAIDE wished io say a few words o i thia interesting occasion. When thc Metro- politan visited the humble diocese of Adelaide, ho found there alittlo synod; and he expressed himself pleased, and at tho same timo surprised nt tho frank manner in which members of that synod, lay and clerical, were wont to express thoinso'ves. They hoped to wolcomo thoir Metropolitan thero apain. And bo (Dr. Short) would now toll him (tho Metropolitan) with that frankness which was peculiar to South Australia (loud cheers and laughter) that it was not tho raajretyof tho Cathedral that had brought him to Sydney, but his du'y aa a suffraßan Bishop. When he refloated on the history of this place, when bethought of tho little band which first landed oa the shores of the neighbouring bay, ho could not help exclaiming '? What hath God wrought !" "Who'n ho thought of Parramatta road, cut to tho sound of drum under the direction of tho sainted Marsden, and of Now Zealand which ho visited as ita proto-missionary, when ho saw tho, foundations of tho Church laid there and hore, ho saw it was not by tho wisdom of man, but by tho power of tho Spirit of God that they saw to-day in tho Cathedral this grind assembly in which bishop', e'ergy, and laity met togother. Ho compared the foundation af tie Church in tho Australian colonies with what had taken pl am in Amorica. Tho great'city of Boston, founded by tho pilgrim fathers, mon who suffered the fato of outcasts from their country for con- science sake-Boston, now ihe eapitalof civilisation and literature was established in independence of tho State of England and in schism from tho Odurch of England. And now a distinguished writer sive that he found in America 2000 religions, and no man that boliovcd in God. Ho found here, on tho other bandi a branch of tho Oatholio and Apostolic Church of England. (Cheers.) iio rojoicod at tho progress made sinco tho conforonco in 1850. Ho went homo from that con'erenoa to a colony founded by ? Nonconformist brethren, where it was a principio that there should bo no connection between Church and State, with a conviction thai by a union of tho cl-rgy and laity alone could their Church be maintained ; so they established their synod That was the principle on. which the Church in South Australia woald depend. It was well for bishops to bo under law It would bo well for tho greatest bishop in tho world -tho P' po-to bo a little under law. (Laughter and eheorc) The METKOPOUTAS then proposed tho henlth of Lord Belmore, which was most cordially tokoa up. with u-ual hoao'8. Earl BELMOKE briefly returned thanks. The com , pany then dispersad. ! In tho evening, at 7 o'clock, a very largo congrega- tion had again filled the Cathedral. , Evening prover was read hy tho Kev. J. 0. Corlette, preceptor. The firat lesson, tho 21st ohaptor of the B»ok of Proverb*, was rend by the Itov. Canon VidaL Tho second , lesson, tho 0th chapter of the E'pist o to tho Hebrews, was read by tho Rov. Canon Q Reilly. In tho eour¡e of tho scrvico another anthem and 'he -1th hymn, "Thc Son of God is gono to war," ¿ce., were sung by . the choir. " Tho Ruht Rev. Dr. SnoRT, Bishop of Adelaide then preached on tho 10th and 11th verses of tho 0th chapter1 in the Epistle to tho Hebrews Ho spotio of the danger of tho decay of faith and tove, . and thc necessity of continued devotednces to tho work of God, and of the ceaseless intluenco of tho spirit of God to givo to charity its best grace-that it may bo tho charity that 'never failotk. Ho spoke of tho cbaractor of. the Hebrow Christians, who took joy fulh the a'oiling of their goods and ehrunk not from their brothien in. tho hour of danger and of martyrdom. At tho present day our enemies are the artificial want?, the manifold demands of refined society, thc cravings of. a luxuiious age. These waste our resources and prevent our minis tortng to tho saints, and eorving .' God.# He nrgod the duty and privilego of doing all wo can for tho causo pf God and of humanity. ? It is essential to the Chrietiau character to work and labour for the cause of Gad. The sermon, which »as of a practical kind; was chiefly addressed to two points-the neces- sity of making tho glory of God our chief aim -of acting under a seneoof the omni-oience of God at all tim> s ; and secondly, of being aotuatorl by love iii serving God. Ho appealed to tho example of tho« . Israelites in willingly contributing to thot building of tho tabernacle; and warned his audience against that "bass traflio" by which eomo sought in these days to raise funds for Church purposes. Ho oallcd on thom to labour in tho spirit ofaloption, as obildrou of God thoir heavonly Father, and as such to givo Iiborally and with simplicity. After tho singing of " Alleluia," tho bonodiotion , was pronounced by tho Metropolitan. I In tho evening tho Bishop of Ad-laido prouobed in 1 the Cathedral, on Hebrews¡0: ll, ll. On Tuesday even- ! ing tho Bishop of Melbourne.preached on John 4: 21. ' On Wednesday the'Bibhop of Nbwcastlo proaohed on Mathew 0:10; and yestorday ovening tho Biuhop of Brisbane preached there.; 'I'iiiVqvoniug tho Bishop of Goulburn is to prcà'oh, and on Sunday next. tlio'Bi-hop ofTasMonu. So that during1 the seven! days, each of ', thd Boveu bishops will have preached in tho Cathedral.' , On. ovory'occasion tho1 congregations have b'con crowded, and'deubtlè'ss, the bishops wUà have yet to preach will have os numerous congregations na those ' which'have already attended.-. J BOKAN . CATUOMO, Preparations havo beon going on for tho laying of tbo foundation stone of St. ' Mary's Cathedral. ' This ceremony is to bo performed by his - Graco ArchbiBhnp Folding, oh Tuesday next, 8th D bomber.'-Tho Arch bisfcop has returned from visiting Sbon haren, Kiama,' and Wolongong in tho Illawarra district, where ho confirmed a very large'nuvaber of young persons, . .WESLEYAN. , . On tho 3 d November, the ministers of tho Sjdnoy,1 IllawariB, and Hawkesbury districts commenced their distriot1 moetiDg ? in ':York-street' Oentonary Chuich .Sydnoy.'nnd continued until the 18th. Tho It^v. H. H. Gaud presided!-On tho 11th a meeting of tho W-eloyan Church Sustentation . and Extension Society' was held in Sydnoy. <\ ,. : PltESB^TEniAît. Ott the 1st Dacambcr tho anniversary of Ebenezer Ohurnh; Ililoy>street, was o-lobratod by a ten meeting. The lt ir.,S. Humphreys, who. with his oongr.ega'ion, , has recently-joined the Presbyterian 'Church', presided on tho úceásidn. > On tho platlurrn wore, tho R«va Hrs. . .Lang,,stool, Pu lerton, aud, H g, > Rove. . ,Mesars. J, , 1 Dougall, ll. JS. Paiursond and T. -A. (.Gordon, and Mr. , W.; NoUl., , i .' . ' TJUCT S CIETT. ' The annual mooting of this society was lit'ld on tho ' 23rd November, ut tho Bible Hal , the Hun. Georgo < Alica in the chair. ; 