THE Tf OETHERN JSRWTOBY QUESTION. Ifivm the South Australian Register, March 28.) i The Parliament to which we ate chicfly indebted for the Northern Territory muddle has ceased to exist. The de ceased is said to have somewhat resented the neglect of the Government to ask its dying advioe on Captain Cadell's rewirt. The Act which has attained to so unpleasant a notoriety among tho lawyers as No. 23 of 1863 was in troduced on the 1st of October of that year by Captain Hart, as Treasurer of the Ayen Ministry. Had Captain Hart been in Mr. Reynolds's riace, we would have now in omoe me very VBDinet m wmcu uie Aoam Day expedition was hatched.. This circumstance may be turned to good account .Ijy upholders of the non- responsibility doctrine. The rash prediction that this colony would never hare to pay u penny for the Northern Territory will rise up like the ghost of Banquo before the Ministerial Macbeth. Fortunately for the discredited seer, there was no 41 Han said4' in those days— nb witches' cauldron of printing ink from which the shadows of the past might usue in pro cession stretching out to the crack of doom — , ?' ' 'Black aplritt and white, \- Bed spirits and cray, . . Mingle mingle, mingle, ' ' Tou that mingle may.' The pitches Vwh6 lave set In motion the 'double, double, toiland trouble/' -which U to swallow Hip Mr. . oi&of; the ingredients of their eauldnon. After/rummaging old files to their hearts' oontont, they m&y; .vbe nnable to the falsejuediction ?a»jclBerly opMhey. anight,' wisfito Unpolitical Bajaam. Th(re wps:in 186?, a general undgntiinding, ,both in Parliarpettt : #na ythwuighout .the country, (hit our local , «vpnuc ts^ls not to be lmile fortbe cost' ef6e)tling thenew termqty; _ J|t was to m««'that,uni- . rV^rwil fodin^ the 'BChqi^pl with money for preliminary expenses, which ^otherwise ' would hiMefaid lo'«in«'outr*f toil&wl; exch'liAler? The idfctiB-kfsa,ib«tacw tW-gBnoral-8nd thii«pMffia te^W ?wba (further umari^edj byi theiilevcisblent,- «snment(ilg^ ive]f-M ^h#»^to%ofi?be tembrwb (joMnif,- i«o^ sb^isginga a| spwewaoM/on; the *proe^p(U';of ^ie One sanguine member ofthe Assembly would have had the Northern Territory Fund at onoe debited with, .the cost of Stuart's expedition. Few had an) misgivings as to :the land not being taken up, and fewer still doubted the practi cability of giving the purchasers prompt possession. The first stage of the experiment seems to nave been taken for granted, 'and (he only subject of apprehension was how the settlement would succeed when left to itself. The word failure waB seldom heard, and even the few alarmists who damped the general enthusiasm did not anticipate that we should be thus foiled on the very threshold. The dilemma in which we are now placed was inconceivable in 1863. No one dreamed of it, or would have ventured to tell his dream if he had. The question, what should be done with the . purchasers of land in the event of the oontract with them proving impracticable was never onoe hinted at. In the Wakefield jargon of the day, Palmereton wae to be the nucleus of a ' self-supporting colony.' South Australia, as its father-in-law, endorsed a few accommodation-bills to enable it to commence business, never doubting that they would be paid at maturity, and stipulating that no further assistance should be rendered. The non-responsibility doctrinb was a purely domestic understanding, and could not bar the claims of third parties. Now that the bills are about to be dishonoured, and the holders threaten legal proceedings, the endorser can hardly plead that the acceptor nas all aloKg been a man of straw. He set him up and gave him the use of his signature, and secret chtuses do not hold valid in commercial treaties. ' The worst that can be said against the Government of 1863 is that they encouraged the dream of a selfsupport iag colony. None of them appears to have gone the length of denying that any legal liability would be incurred ; they only ignored too much the contingency of its having to be enforced. The chief offender in this respect: is understood to have been the then Treasurer, Captain Hart. In introducing the Northern Territory Bill on the 1st October, 1863, he Baid,.'The great point to be gained was that the whole ex penses ot starting the colony should be secured by the sale of the land, and the only way this could be done was to hold out large inducements to first purchasers ? It was believed that the sale of this land would pay the ex penses this colony would be put to.' The Commissioner of Crown Lands (Mr. Glyde) committed himself still fur ther. In moving the second reading of the bill on the 13th October, . he announced that ' the first principle of the measure was to make the new territory- self-supporting.' In committee the Treasurer ventured a second prediction, tbat ' there would be a great demand fpr land, und then, if the money so raised -were applied to the benefit of the new territory, its settle- . ment would become a great success. Mr. Neville Blyth expressed quite a contrary conviction, that ' the bill wonld be the occasion of a jolly row.' Can he have had a presentiment of the day of reckoning which has at length dawned upon the propnesiers of smooth things ? In the Upper House the Chief Secretary showed greater control over his emotions in speaking of the infant Romulus. ' All the Government required wae that they should not be put to unnecessary expense. . . They offered a portion of the land fur sale, and if the public invested their capital in the country they would take the responsibility of carrying on the settlement with eveiy prospect of buccess. It was on these terms the Adam Bay expedition was un dertaken, with the full consent and approval of at least one branoh of the Legislature. When the first repulse was experienced a new Government proposed to a new Assembly to retreat while there -was still some thing to save, and the reply was that they should make a fresh start. - The most fatal error of all was . committed by the Blyth Ministry a year a^o, in attempting to cany out this advice, when they must have known, from the 'practical information before them, that it wae too late. They sent out a third exploring expedition when there was was barely time left to complete the survey. But the Assembly waa not alone to blame for that. A section - of the land-order holders haS el&o; been clamouring for further exploration, as may be seen by the memorial which they presented to the Govcrniir in January, 1865. Therein they expressed their, opinion that the delay of the survcQ's . would be a smaller evil than over-hasty selection. To please them M'Kinlay was sent out, and when he returned empty handed thoy'reneweii through Parliament their demand for exploration. A ^.iti they obtained it, though they may fairly object to the four months delay which occurred between the debate 'of October, :1866, and the dispatch of Captain Cadell in ' February, 1S67. But like Parliament, the landordn holders were divided among themselves. Those in Adelaide bad no sooner obtained their exploring part}- than their brethren in London complained of the vexatious delays thereby occasioned, and made it a ground for demanding instant.restitulion Suoh errors as were committed during the first three years arose from the too unliable policy of trying to please pveiybody. Each successive Government was aeluaed by it, and time slipped away until the crifik came for acting on their personal judgment and responsibility. It was to the Blyth Ministry this crisis presented itself in Februaiy, 1S67- They blundered it irretrievably in devoting to exploration even a single month of the period which would barely have sufficed for . survey. The present Government may say that the die had been cast before they took office; but they ore open to the retort that if they could not retrieve the errors of their predecessois, they ought not quietly to have allowed its evil conse quences to accumulate as the}* have done. They have had more than one opportunity of arresting the current of disaster, instead of drifting along with it. Captain Cadell might have been recalled when he came to Burke Town in August, last year. Or immediately on his return, a survey party might have been dispatched, with instructions to get at much land as possible ready before the eqiry of fhe five years. This would have strengthened our position with regard to both classes of landorder holdets ; for it would have prevented either of them charg ing us with a legal breach of contract. Those who wanted back their money might have been less exacting with regard to interest, knowing the weak point of their claim. Those who meant to insist on having the land might have been fer more reasonable as to the terms of extension. As it is, we are at the mercy of both, and the whole under taking has to be begun over again. Finally, if the Govern ment liad not courage enough for a coup d' etal of this kind, neither had they any right to retain a responsibility for which they pronounced themselves unfit. It would have been better for them to have called Parliament together and relieved themselves of their precious burden. Like an over willing donkey, they have beld on untQ they got beyond the reach of assistance, and then in the final break-down have smashed everything beyond repair. 