THE BUNYIP. To the Editor of the Wagga Wagga Advertiser. SIR,—Foreign writers of sensational para- graphs have their "great sea serpents," which they can "draw upon" and draw out to any length the susceptibilities of the public may demand. Colonial paragraph-inventors have long excelled in the manufacture of "snake stories," and so "the trail of the serpent is over them all." Latterly, however, it has become a sine qua non with every district professing to be represented by a "local" to possess a "Bunyip," and accordingly Mudgee follows suit on Gundagai, in claiming ownership to one of these supposed apocryphal non- descripts. One or two strong attempts have been made to identify a Bunyip with this district, but unhappily for our credit, they have failed. The Western Times, I observe (by your quotation of Wednesday last), indicates the establishment of a Bunyip in a lake in the Mudgee district, near a place called Cobrico. "Where ignorance is bliss, it is folly to be wise," and the oblivion of error is sometimes much more satisfactory in its results than the light of knowledge. I am sorry to dispel the fascination which has bound up the souls of the intelligent people of "Cobrico" and the correspondent of the Western Times, but there can be no doubt that the monster which, "five years ago," threatened the destruction of all Cobrico, and has "again made his appear- ance" (or rather asserted his presence by his fearful bellowing in the lake), is a harmless, stupid bittern, a bird whose sad and hollow moaning call, by night amongst the reeds and rushes of marshes and swamps, in the old country, has sent many an awe-struck yokel to his pillow to dream of ghosts and goblins, paddling their white canoes on "the lake of the dismal swamp." In reference to this bird and the peculiar effect of its solemn cry, 0ne of the English poets (Thomson, I think) says :— "The booming bittern shakes the sounding marsh." The bird is very common in the colony, and was plentiful about Wagga Wagga until cattle destroyed the cover which the reeds and rushes of the swamps and lagoons once furnished abundantly, and its deep, hollow, tremulous, "booming" cry, which (with a ventriloquistic effect) appears to fill the air, without enabling you to detect its direction always, has certainly an impressive effect when heard in the stillness of night, in the depths of dark and dreary swamps. The call is generally repeated twice or thrice, at moderate intervals, but seldom after mid- night. The male bird alone possesses the power of uttering the call, and never indulges in it by day except in breeding seasons, and when the cover is very dense. If the Cobrican hero will lay aside his rifle, abandon his water-stalking by night, and throw a couple of lively "cockers" into the lake sedges, the dreadful Bunyip will soon discover himself, I have no doubt. Having made an acquaintance with the simple and innocent creature, which so greatly alarmed them, the people of Cobrico, like Bloomfield's ghost-scared matrons, may soon "learn to love the sounds that frightened them before." Yours truly, JERRIGORAT. Wagga Wagga, Nov. 13, 1868. 