JOHN' BULL AND FAIR PLA.Y. ? ; I lo the Editor of the Freeman' s Journal.) .. Sib, Catholic England, in her treatment of Ireland, has proved herself base, bloody, brutal, perfidious, and barbarous— proposing to herself, as ? a settled policy, not amalgamation and coin, munity of interest with, the nation so cruelly wronged, but its extirpation. Has England's change from Catholicism to Protestantism 'wrought any change in her hellish policy toward Ireland ? Substantially, none. The extirpa tion of the Irish race — whether the suggestion of a ferocious instinct, or --&e; dictate of a coward conscience — is unflinchingly pursued to. this- .. ' hour, though modified to: suit altered circum stances ; so that we have now arrived at that pass that, unless some decisive step be speedily taken; the Irish, as a distinct people, must cease to exist. . ? . . ? ; .. ' . Preliminarily to an expose of the treatment of Ireland by England (Protestant), and to wind up our description of the regime by England (Catholic), it may not be amiss to observe that the unvarying system of hostility and oppres sion, which had hitherto been directed only against the natives was at length, extended to such descendants of the old English settlers as adopted a more natural policy than the Govern- - ment, and by marriage, commerce, and other ' mediums, become gradually mingled with the.' native population. Upon these, as. lying moat within the reach of their insolence, the .new comers of English birth indulged in the most wanton tyranny, aud thus not only gave birth to the distinction of an English and Irish interest, but by identifying some of the oldest English families with the latter, arrayed a new force on the side of the Irish, and gave additional ? strength and respectability to rebellion. So uniformly has the same trees produced the same fruits that at three such distinct epochs as the reigns of Henry IV., Elizabeth, and George III., mo find f/hfi noble and English name of Tfitsri. gerald 'naming in the front' of revolt. Pass we now to the consideration of England's policy toward Ireland under the Protestant regime. The English, after executing a variety of theological pirouettes, under the guidance of Bluff Harry, who was as fond of dancing as he was of theology, at length settled down into that form of Protestantism named Church of Englandism, and though averse to imparting to the Irish the benefits of English law, resolved to coerce the Irish, then into an adoption of the State religion. As a specimen of the gentle arts by which the new religion was recommended to the people, hear the testimony of Leland (himself a Protes taut), ' Under pretence of obeying the orders of state, they seized all the most valuable furniture of the churches, which they offered to sale with out decency or reserve. The Irish annalists pathetically describe the garrison of Athlone, issuing forth with a barbarous and heathen fury, and pillaging the famous church of Clanmaenoise tearing away the most inoffensive ornaments, bo as to leave the shrine of their favourite Saint Kierau a hideous monument of sacriiege.' The plan of pacifying Ireland by exterminating : the Irish, was tried on a grand scale during the reign of Elizabeth with such success, that under the government of Lord Gray, the Queen was assured that 'little was left in Ireland for her Majesty to reign over but carcases and ashes.' When the garrison of Sine.rwiek, in Kerry, surrendered upon quarter to Lord Deputy Gray, he ordered seven hundred of them to be put to the sword or hanged. Winfield was commissioned to disarm them ; and when this service was per formed an English company was sent into the fort, and the garrison was butchered in cold -? blood, nor i3 it without pain (adds Leland) that we find a service so horrid and detestable com mitted to Sir Walter Raleigh. For this aud other services this English ' representative man' was rewarded with 40,000 acres of land in the county of Cork. If betrayed by his sovereign he after- , wards died the death of a traitor, what Irish man can sympathize with him in His fate. Wot writing a history of English power in Ireland, I shall content myself with tracking its course by its footmarks of blood. Elizabeth, it is true, on more than one occasion endeavoured to intro duce measures of conciliation and justice, but . her Deputies were incapable of either. Even when they affected to put 'her Majesty's mer ciful orders' in execution, the terms of pardon ' which they offered, were but new devices of cruelty and insult. Lord Mountjoy (as we. are ' told by his Secretary Moryson,) never received ' , any to mercy, but such as bad drawn blood on their fellow rebels. 'Thus,' says he, M'Mahon and M'Aunagle offered to submit, but neither could he received without the other's head.' There / is a memorable Baying of Elizabeth preserved by -' Camden, which not only shown how sensible she was of the perverse wickedness of the system *?— III ? pursued jn her naine', but contains as bitter a comment on English rule in Ireland, as the moat . virulent Fenian ever dared to utter. ' Ala3 !' said she, (on receiving some representations of grievances from Ireland,) how I fear lest it should be objected to us, as it was to Tiberius . by Bato :— ' You, you it is that are in fault, who have committed your flocks not to shepherds, but to wolves r I will finish, by adducing specimens of the policy of this reign. The Earl of Desmond's im mense possessions, had excited the cupidity of the chief Governors, and thinking him too tempting as an enemy, to be permitted to re main a friend, 'they wrung him (as he himself expresses it) into undutifulness.' What was * the upshot, as detailed by the poet Spenser 'Nowithstanding that the same was the most rich .and plentiful country, yet ere one year and ? a-half, they were brought to such wretchedness as. that any stony heart would rue the same' yj.uu ui evexy uomer 01 Tine, woods and elynns they came creeping forth upon their hands, for their legs could not bear them ; they looked liked anatomies of death ; they spake like . ghosts crying out of their graves, they did pat the dead carrions, happy where they could find them, yea and one another soon after, insomuch , as, the very carcases they spared not to scrape out of their graves, and if they found a plot of wa,tercresses or shamrocks, there they flocked as to, a feat for the time, yet not able to con tinue there wifchall, that in a short space there was none almost left, and a most doduIous and plentiful -country suddenly left void of man and beast.' The authors of this calamity reaped . from it the anticipated fruits. Five hundred , and seventy- four thousand six-hundred and twenty-eight acres were forfeited to the Crown and distributed among Englishmen. Famine haying succeeded so admirably, in Munster, was adopted systematically in Leinster and Ulster ; The .soldiers, as we learn from Morgan, en ^couraged by the example of their officers, every where cut. down the standing corn with their swords, and devised every means to de prive the wretched inhabitants of all the uv,i.uoo'«uki ui ;uic. Aue vjrovernor 01 uarncc fergus, Sir Arthur Chichester, issued from his quarters, and for .twenty miles round reduced the country to a desert. Sir Samuel Bagnal, with the garrison of JSTewry, proceeded with the \- same severity, and laid waste all the adjacert lands. The same stereotyped policy we per peive adopted towards the gallant Maories, and if England should not pursue the same course in Ireland in the struggle now apparently immin ent, dt will either be because she will be impo tent to do so, or else because having long out grown the means of subsistence from her own soil, and depending on Ireland for a large pro portion of the prime necessaries of life, to revive the famine atrocities of Elizabeth's reign, would largely, contribute to entail famine on herself. For be it remembered that Ireland is more neces sary to England than England can ever be to her, and, therefore, whatever direct trade we have with that country would be augmented ten fold were we an independent nation. The achievement of national independence by the . colonies of North America has probably aug mente'd a hundred fold commercial relations between Great Britain and the United States. J.JHS, nowever, Dy w« way. 1 have detailed the executive part of the measures of Elizabeth's Ministers ; let us now lift the curtain and see what is transpiring in her Privy Council. The English having made a desert, which they called peace, the intervals of tranquility was proposed to be taken advantage of for introduc ing a system of justice and liberal policy into Ireland, The Counsellors of Elizabeth opposed this humane design, and were not ashamed to arge the following reasons for their opposition ? 'Should we exert ourselves.' said thmr. 'in reducing this country to order and docility, it must soon acquire power, consequence, and riches. The inhabitants will then be alienated from England j they will cast themselves into the arms of some foreign power, or perhaps erect themselves into an independent and separate State. Let us rather connive at their disorders ? lor a weak and disordered people never can attempt to detach themselves from the Crown of England.' This favourite divide and con quer policy of England is no new one in the history of nations. The ancient kings of Egypt Kept alive religious dissensions among their sub jw.ua a* oub uesc means ot preventing combina bons against their own tyranny, well knowing that as long as a Dog- worshipper of Cynopoli! was ready to cut the throat of a fish adorer of Uxyrgonchus, national concord amongst the people in the eause of liberty was impossible Accordingly, by petting one sect, depressing soother, and coquetting with a third, they pre . served their tyrannical power over the masses Such is the game that has been pursued by England in Ireland, aggravated by the fact that, not satisfied with the oppression of Catholics «he has sedulously and unceasingly aimed at I their extirpation, and bribed Irish Protestants I *- assist her in the bloody work by dividing I MDongatthem the property of her murdered I 'CfcUBS. , I AN IRISHMAN AND I ERST AN ORANGEMAN. I 