QUEENSLAND. At the late Ipswish assizes the only case for trial was a charge of rape preferred against an aboriginal named Billy. He was found guilty and sentenced to death. A fracas recently took place between members of the Civil Service, in the Registrar-General's office, Brisbane. One of the clerks in the department was horsewhipped by another clerk in the same office, because he had insinuated something about swindling, but the gentleman who took the law into his own hands, found he had a tough customer to deal with, and had to retire, well marked, from the contest, The Brisbane Grammar School (Alfred College) has been com- pleted, and will be opened at the conclusion of the Christmas holidays. The Gladstone Observer has been told the following about " Count" Von Attems, by a friend who had an interview with a passenger, from Cape York :-The Hamlet's Ghost, with the spurious Count on board, put into Somerset (Cape York,) on or about the 15th August. On being boarded by the police boat, he made inquiries as to whether a frigate had arrived there, and.on being answered in the affirmative, became agitated and eagerly inquired about her movements, but appeared relieved when told that the vessel was H.M.S. Virago, and that she had left the settlement in January. He remained eight days, and during the whole time kept a bright look out for vessels in the offing. The captain and crew were discharged inconsequence of a row between the " Count" and the captain, in which re- volvers were drawn. The crew refused to put the captain in irons. It appears that the Count had kept them in awe by threatening to give them twenty-five lashes apiece, when he fell in with the Austrian frigate he was always expecting. The acting P.M., induced the crew to re-ship, under a fresh agree- ment, all but the captain and steward, who remained behind. While in port the Count was always dressed in the uniform of an Austrian captain of cavalry, and wore a sword when on shore. He made a great display of the money he had with him, and purposely left bills of exchange lying about his cabin for visitors j to see, many of which were filled for large amounts, and only wanted his signature. He succeeded in imposing upon the au- thorities, taking supplies for his vessel and paying for them in bills, which the holders will doubtless discover are about as valuable as drafts upon Aldgate pump. Among those who were swindled are two naturalists, one named Thorpe. The Count bought stuffed birds, &c;, from them, to the amount of about £30, but some slight compunction must have touched him, for contrary to custom he paid them half cash and half by a bill. He sailed for Batavia on the eighth day, leaving letters for the captain of the Austrian frigate and his bankers in Sydney ! The frigate was ordered to follow him on to Timor. The cap- tain he has with him is one Austin, late master of the brig Reliance, which was wrecked on the Solomon Group. He was picked up and brought into Bowen, whence he shipped as mate on board the Hamlet's Ghost. Two days after she left Somer- set, the schooner Captain Cook arrived from Bowen with a war- rant for the arrest of the Count. On the 12th instant, another case of robbery under arms oc- curred on the Gayndah and Dalby road. It appears that some horses were stolen by two men, from the station of the Hon. B. B. Moreton, a few days ago, and constable Kelly and two black trackers started in pursuit of the thieves. On arriving at the public-house at Boodoomba, sixty miles from Gayndah, on the road to Dalby, on the 19th instant, they found the place stuck up by the same men. A fight took place between the bush- rangers and Kelly's party, in which it is stated that one of the robbers was wounded, but both of them managed to get away, and Kelly and his trackers are in pursuit. The export of gold from Maryborough, for the three months ending September 30, was over 22,073 oz. Prom the ports of Rockhampton, Port Denison, and Cleveland Bay, there were exported upwards of 8000 ounces. The eclipse of the sun was total at Cape York on the 18th August. The totality lasted about eleven minutes (query), and during that time rose-coloured flames were seen projecting like ridges of mountains beyond the dark edge of the moon. The stars were plainly visible. The effect upon animals was singular ; dogs howled and ran frightened into the houses, fowls went to roost. The terror of the blackfellows was extreme, al- though they had been told of its approach. The Port Denison Times reports that the blackfellows have lately murdered a Chinaman at Jarvisfield. They concealed the body in a waterhole, and fearing that it might be discovered re- moved it to another ; and a stockman from Woodstock happen- ing to camp by this waterhole on the following evening, they came down during the night and removed it to a third water- hole. The next day, however, some gins came into the camp and gave information of what had been done, and the body was found where the gins said it would be. Joseph Def ri es, the chiropodist, has been committed on a charge of obtaining money under false pretences, as a " corn extractor." The information was laid by Mr. Barron, of the police department, whose feet were operated upon by Defries on the 22nd October last. The defendant went to the police de- partment and tendered his services to Mr. Barron, who, beiog anxious to get rid of some troublesome corns, and being told by the defendant that he could take them out expeditiously and without pain, agreed then and there to give him ten shillings for each corn he took out. They went into a back room, and Defries took out eight " corns," handing each of them as it was removed to Mr. Barron, who firmly believed that they had really been taken out of his feet. He paid the defendant £4 for his services ; and being struck with the peculiar nature of the " corns," preserved four of them. On the 4th instant, two of the four were experimented upon by Drs. Hobbs and Ban- croft, who found them to be pieces of a horse's hoof. A somewhat violent storm passed over Brisbane and its neighbourhood on the 9th instant. The wind blew with great force, and the rain came down in torrents. The damage caused by the storm was not very great in any one place. One fatal accident took place, namely, the drowning of Captain Cooley, while attempting to cross the river at Bulimba, during the storm. In town the roofs suffered from the storm ; the saw mills of Mr. William Pettigrew next to the river were complete- ly unroofed, and the roofs of the other sheds were considerably damaged. Where the roof of the shed next to the river was taken to nobody knows. It was sixty feet long by fourteen wide, and consisted of sheets of iron. At South Brisbane, the roof of the sheep quarantine shed was lifted off, and portions of it carried to a distance of two hundred yards. A shed adjoin- ing the market buildings was considerably damaged. At Kan- garoo point, a newly-roofed shed of Messrs. Birley Brothers, of the Saw Mills, had the sheets of iron torn off. We also hear that two humpies were blown down in the same suburb and one is said to have been inhabited. Mr. William Powles, on Bowen Terrace, had part of the roof taken off his house ; and Mr. Mat veieff's place of residence also suffered. At O'Reilly's Hill, the house of Mr. Joseph Fowles, the city surveyor, had half the roof carried away. A Mount Brisbane blackfellow known as King Billy, was murdered at the Encliffe Vale Plantation, owned by Mr. Curtis by some other blacks who are in the habit of camping in that neighbourhood. The murdered black was first hamstrung, and then dispatched with tomahawks. The blacks buried his body about daylight. A few of King Billy's tribe, who were present, made their escape, threatening to-.1 ring more of their friends and take revenge on the murderers. 