RITUALISM. The Church of England, at home and abroad, is on the eve of a struggle amongst its own professing members, which nill be looked upon with deep interest bv members of every Christian denomination in the British dominions. The changes which have crept into the church ritual, and been adopted by the High Churchmen during the past quarter ot a century, nave been so great that the Evangelical or Low Church party have determined to make a stand, not only against further en croachment, but with the view of remedying what they believe to be serious erroneous opinions and prac tices recently adopted by the High Church party, We are in a position to state distinctly, that numerous mem bers of the Evangelical or Low Church party are being organised and formed into an association in this colony fur tbe express purpose we have slated. We are not at liberty to any more on this subject, at present ; but we may add that the embryo association rake their stand upoa the prinjiplua laid down by the Rev. J. G. Kyle. This is a name not yet famouB in the colonies, and the question may be asked : ' Who is the Rev. J. C. Ryle V He was born at Macclesfield, on the 10th of May, 1810 ; received his first eduoation at Eton ; entered Christ Church College, Oxford, where he ob tained his degree of 13. A. In 1841 he waB appointed to the curacy of Exbury, near Southampton. In 1813 he was presented by the Bishop ol Winchester (C. R. Summer) to the rectory of St. Thomas's, Winchester. In 1844 Lord Chancellor Lynduurst gave him the rectory of Helminguatn, in Suffolk, and in 1801 Mr Ryle was presented to the vicarage of Stradbroke, Wickham Market. But it is not so much with who Mr Ryle is, as what Mr Ryle says, the Church high or low is interested; and from one ot his numerous pamplil ets — ' Evangelical Re ligion : What it is and what it is not,' we make the following extracts :— What Evangelical Religion is— (1) The absolute supremacy it assigns to Holy .Scripture, as the alone rule of faith and practice, the alone test of truth, and the alone judge of controversy. (2) The depth and prominence it assigns to the doctrine of human sinfulness and corruption. (3) The paramount importance it attaches to tbe work and office of our Lord Jesus Christ, and to the nature of the salvation which lie has wrought out for man. (4) The high place which it assigns to the in ward work of the Holy Spirit in the heart of man. (5) The importance which it at taches to the outward and visible work of the Holy Ghost in the life of man. We hold that it is wrong to tell men that they are children of Qod and heirs of the kingdom of heaven, unless they really overcome the world, the flesh, and the devil. Wo maintain that to tell a man he is born of God, while he is living in care lessness and sin, is a dangerous delusion, aud calculated to do infiuite mischief to Iiib soul. Wo affirm confidently that 'fruit.' is the only certain evidence of a man's condition in spiritual things, and that if we would know whose he is aud whom be serves, we must look first at his life. Where there iB the grace of the Spirit, there will be always more or less fruit of the Spirit. Grace that cannot bo seen is no grace at all. and nothing better thau Autinomianism. In eliort, we be lieve that where there is nothing seen, there i» nothing possessed. Such are the leading features of Evaugclical religion. Such are the main principles which characterize tbe teaching of tho Evangeli cal School in tbe Church of England. * * ? * Of course I do not forget that Archdea cod Deniaon last week presented to au admiring audience at St. James's Hull a very different picture from that which I havo exhibited, In a neat and highly authentical passage he Ret forth a striking contrast between thu theological systems of what he cills the ''High Church' and 'Low Church' systems. 1 quote his own words as reported in an organ very friendly to him— I mean tho Church Times, He begins bymaking some rather uncomplimentary remarks about the Guardian newspaper— retnarkB which show that all is not ''quite serene' in tbe High Church party, and that the antago nists of Evangelical religion are uot 'quite a united and happy family' :— Therefore what was meant by 'extreme Churchmauship' passed his understand ing. Perhaps the Guardian newspaper, that excellent stauuch defender of the Church of England— perhaps the Guar dian could toll us something about degrees of Cburchm&neuip.; But the Guardian was wiser in its generation, and confined itself to abusing otber people's theology, whilst it declined to give an account of what it was pleased to call its own theology. There was no spectacle more lamentable than to see men who professed to hold exactly tho same truths, standing aloof because they Baid their brethren were ii.discreet. This very indiscretion (supposing it to exist) of those who held the truth in common with themselves, was the strongest reason wtiy they should not stand aloof in tho time of trouble. Of all tliiugs brought before tbe public there was nothing about which tho public were so much mystified through the help of newspapers, and not a little through what were known as Church news papers, as about the sectioDs com rnouly call High Church aud Low Church. The turning-point of belief was a distinct differencee on the subject of the sacraments. ' High Church' held that the life of Christ in the soul was begun by tho Holy Baptism, and nourished, completed, aud perfected in the Holy Coinmuuion. ' Low Church,1 without denying that the sacraments were to be reverently observed, as signed to them no such distinct pre eminence. ' High Church' held Re generation in lioly Baptism, and tbe Real Presence in the Holy Communion. ' Low Church' beld neither the one nor tbe other. ' High Church' had an exalted senBe of the office of tbe Church as the means ordained of God for the teaching and keeping of the truth, aud as having as such ' authority in con troversies of faith,' and a like sense of the office of the ministers of tbe Church in and by the laying on of hands ; 'Low Church' admitted the authority only where it coincided with private judg ment, ' High Church' dated from the first year of the first century of Chris tianity, and was apostolic, primitive, Catholic ; ' Low Church' dated from tho tenth (? 16th) century, aud was human invention in many shapes and under marjy names. ' High Church' was set out in the Liturgy, Articles, and Homi lies of the Church as Reformed upon the primitive model before the disunion of Eist and West ; ' Law Church' was set out in the divers and strange doctrines of Calvin, Luther, Zwingle, and others, ' High Church' was the same yesterday, to-day, and for ever ; ' Low Church' was ever doubtful, ever manifold, and ever changing. Now I admire the Arch deacon's caudour and boldness exceed iugly. I would to God that all his companions were as bold and outspoken as lie was last week. It would save a vast deal of trouble. I greatly sympa thise with the Homeric Ajax described in tbe Iliad, when in a desperate hour of conflict he called on the gods to remove tbe darkness, and asked that ho might not fight iit a fog. But while I admire his boldness, I venture to say that some of bis assertions are totally baseless and contrary to fact. I utterly marvel bow be could make them. But he only sup plies us more proof of tbe old remark, that the further you go to the West, the more plain it is that the ' wise men dine from the East ' „ * , . Pretad duties of Oia Evangelical body.— (I) A special jealousy should be exercised over personal religion. Ministers who call themselves Evangelical, ought to be specially careful that tbey.do not compromise their principles aud damage their testimony, by vain attempts to conciliate the world. This is a great danger in these days. It is a sunken rock, on which I fear many are strikiug. and doing themselves immense barm, The plausible pretext of making our services more attractive, and cutting the ground from under the feet of Ritualists, too often induces Evangelical ministers to do things which they bad far better let alone. Church decorations, church music, and a semi- histrionic mode of going through Church worship, are things which I suggest that we must watch most narrowly, and keep them at aruia length. They are points on which we must take' heed. These things, we may be sure, do ho real good. They may seem to please the world, and have a 'show of wisdom,' but they never convert the world and make the world believe- We had far better leave them alone. Some Evangelical clergymen, I suspect, have begun flirting and tam pering with these things with tho best intentions, and have ended in losing their own characters, disgusting their true believing hearers, making them selves miserably and going out of the world under a cloud. Oh, no! my reverend brethren, we cannot bo too jealous in these days about the slightest departure from the faith once delivered to the saints, and from the worship handed down to us by the Reformers. We cannot be too careful to add nothing to, and take nothing away from, the simplicity pf the Gospel, _ and to do nothing in our worship which seems to cast the slightest reflection on Evan gelical principles, 'A little leaven le.tveneth the whole lump.' ''Take heed and beware of the leaven of the Pharisees and Sadducees.' (Gal v. 9. ; Matt. xvL 6.) ♦ ♦ ♦ * I suggest finally, that wo must not allow Evangelical religion to be thrust out of the Church of England without a struggle. It is a religion which is worth a struggle; for it can point to works which no other school in the Church of England has ever equalled. In this matter we fear no comparison, if honestly and fairly made. We say boldly, that both abroad aud at homo no Churchmen have done so much good to souls as those who are called Evangelical. What Sierra Leone can the Ritualists place before us as the result of their system 1 What Tinnevelly bears testimony to tbe truth of their school t What manufacturing towns have they rescued from semi heathenism 1 Wtiat mining districts havo they Christianised t What teeming popu lations of poor in our large cities can they point to, aa evangelised by their agoncies 1 We boldly challenge a reply. Let thorn come forward and name them. Iu the day when Evangelical religion is cast out of the Church of England, the usefulness of the Church is ended aud goue, Nothing gives the Church of England such power aud influence as feuuitie, well-worked, well -administered Ivangelical religion, Can any one think that we ought to let the matter alone, retire tamely to our parishes, creep into our homes, resolve to have nothing to do with '? that nas'y controversy,' allow the enemy to advance unopposed, permit judgment to go against us by default 1 I trust there is no such man iu our church. Will any one say that we ought to strike our flag, spike our guns, desert the Church of Euglaud, and secede t I trust there is none. When the simple question is, '? Shall the Church of Euglaud become as it was before the Reformation again, or not 1' I trust our common cry will be, No surrender ! No compromise ! No disgraceful peace. These extraots give a bird's-eye* view of the principles upon which tbe new church association is to be based, and a reference to still stronger lan guage in the pamphlet, recently re published by Mr Stephenson, of Charles-street, will show that fighting to the last is meant by the association. The last paragraph of the pamphlet proves this. ' By preaching and by praying, by pulpit and by platform, by pen and by tongue, by printing and by speaking, let us labour to maintain Evan gelical religion within the Church of Euglaud, aud to resist the enemies which we see around ud. We are not weak if we stand together and act to gether. God himself hath not for saken us, and truth iB on our side. Uut be tbe issue of tbe conflict what it may, let us nail our colours to the mast, and, if ueed be, go down with our colours flying.' We are far from desirous of having our columns occupied with religious polemi cal discussions. These can be much bet ter dealt with in Church Magazines, or other religious periodicals, but the near approach of action upon such vital points as those referred to by Mr Ryle is of too much importance to the Cteurch of England, and indeed to churcheB of every Chris tian denomination, to admit of any longer passing the attitude of the Evangelical Cliuroh party towards the High Churchites by, without uome notice that a collision is imminent. 