EITUALISif. (From Loadon aToeraoltn.) The Bishop of Durhamlin ls ben spenlaking about Ritualisns in a mainner worthy of hitaself as an Eran gelical minister of Christ, and as holder ofa see which lis for nmany years been filed by preloses of liberal netimoents. IHis lordship was enrefll to sspeek from a sritlen paper. Hle elrined for himlsef that hlie lpr sued a collsciellliousa course, nitiher fearilsg nor cnourt ing mIan. It the " plresent grave crisis of the Chireth" tie joined in "protesting against tIhose neoelties ill ritual atd doctrine by the introlduction of whichl a disbtotrst faction is sEcekine to sluhiute the sIper stitiols of the corroupt mediteval Church for tIe sober and ritual Scriptural teaching of the Protetluti and REformeed Church of Englasd." lie descrihbes (the ritoalilst as "a small but noisy and unscrupulons airty." ret admlits Ihit they hare done muchl to divide leo Cllurch, iand to wehken lher defensive Tlorees against " itfidelity :ad seeIenrism." ]Howerr, there is set time, hie thiks, for ithe Chlurlch to make good her position as "the strongest bulwark of our civil and re ligious liberties." The sebrrices at Easter in one of tile Warrington clhurche--St. James the Great, Hllvdook-fuonishes good exaomple of the grandest style of RIitualism. Thtero were two eelebratiotl, savs a local lpapor, of ttle Blessed Sarrainent on Easter-day. Tile oftfertory t tle enarl' eelebration was giveni to the "Orde' of the Holy Redenemer," of swhich Fatter Alan Greenatll is ehaplain. Thie most remarkable feature in tse 10.30 service was ritle solemn administration of the Snacrament of Ioly Baptism to several adult and infant candidates. After the eceond lesson, a magni ficent silver blue and whierbanner of t hie '"HIoly Spirit" (used at the special r-quest of tllm fathier ofons of time infant candidates) was brouaht forward, sand held flrisg the Ipeople at tile clhancel steps by a banner benrer iin purple and fue lippet eassock. The hIytn, " Holy Ghost, comte downe," Sr., wasn then stng, and the iprocession of choir boys and priest, se., mioved slowly towards the font. The banner was held be hintd lthe priest throughout tile ceremony. One ofthe godfathers was eightly yesars of ago. A hymn was sung returning from tihe font to Ithe choir, and a second after thie third colleat ; tile second celebration was then held. Tile priesat was serred by the saeristao in purple eaeosck, aInce oretin, aod purple and fur tip pet. Tile music was Ierbeekese' and lIlmoro's; the sequence was sung after the epistle, sad " Jesu gen ,lest," during the ablutions. The ahnas-dishl and lsitar desk were covered with handsome Brussels laee, whieb, with some now almsit aps, were Easter offer ings. There was tlle usual chlildren's srevice in the afterloon, consisting of LitanSy, ntechisilng, short quesliotning oni and explanlation of the E]isltlo alld tse Gospel for the day, with Litany of tile IHoly Child Itood. After the second crensong of the festiral, a Te Deum was sung before time altar sith baonerso . The priest of ]Itaydock wore a gorgeous gold lace stole from Brussels. Everything atg St. James's is done most openly; thie very litanies of tlhe "IHoly Child hood" and the "Passion" appear on the printed hills. Not a little dissatisfietion has been produced in York by tihe Ritunalistic practices wrhichl have prevailed in thie Ohurch of All Satits, NIortll-street. On Sun day morning week, Mr. Bibhy, a memtber of the choir, proceeded to the elhureh before the congregation htad assembled, anditeetnsed tile chantcl. Tlleparish pos sesses, in thie person of.tr. Gar-lick, a elurchwarden who is opposed to these psroeeding. Ilenring wllat was going forward in tIhe chlurchl, he ploceeded thithler, add found Mr. Ilibby in tte ect of intensing the chan eel. Ite ordered him to deailt' , but, refusing to obey, Mr. Garliek ooko him by the shoulders, and, walking, him to tile door, took tile thurible from him, antd threw it into a coanl-pan ill tlhe vestry. Mr. BIibby produced a stote as Iis autllority ftoas the reotor and curate for what hie had done. Before thie evening servies he agnin entered the churchl, anid thloroughly inse~cned it, but this time hie look care to prevent any interference with what lie was doing by locking the dloor and keeping out tihe clurcehwarden. These fats sare been reported to thie Archbishop. The Chere& Times has long accountts of Easter fes tiviliers, and says:-" Easter after Easter we have still ithe same tale to tell. Persecuted by thie world, frowaned upon by thie bishops, malioted alike by furi ous bigots alld unprineiplied statoesmen, the Catholic party in the Churchl of-England lnot omerely maintains its ground, but exhibits an ever-aougmulenting astrength. We say to-day, as we havre said oil every similar occa sion since this journal was stalrted, hIllat never lhas our cause been so doarisinig, leverr have its extlernal mantifestations been so widely displared as at this Easter-tide, and we appeal to oureoluttms as eridence of the fact." 