MISCELLANEOUS. Abuses of our Jury System. — It has been under stood for some time past, that there was very tittle safety for persons having causes to adjudicate before some of the courts of San Francisco. It was seen that quite a number of the regularly empanelled jury were from the lowest strata of society, and that an addi tional number of professional jurymen were brought in to make up a full panel. It was believed that by some inexplicable means our jury system was getting into a bad way. but it was not thought that corruption was positively practised. Judges who admit that the jury is falling to a low standard, charge the difficulty principally upon the members of tbe Board of Super I'icnwe whn if ie dIIdgci) rln tint cOayi natufnllv on frVi the names of jurymen when placed upon the list. We lave, however, rtcemly had a case stated to us where something more than mere neglect or incapacity is charged. It is to the effect that a person was summoned ss a juryman, and was after wards told that he was selected because he was intimate with a person to be tried on a criminal charge, giving us names. This same person also states, that the jury box is being tampered with. He says that when a man is about to go before the jury whom it is desirable to screen from punishment, the names in the jury-box are so arranged that those w hom it ia thought will be favourable to letting the culprit escape, are placed in the top of the box, so as to be drawn out first. Supposing this statement to be correct, it will be readily understood that juBtice can be bought and sold in San Francisco. It is un questionably true that a very considerable number of professional jurymen are used in some of our courts at the present time. It is also clear that quite a number of names of persons find their way on the jury list which never ought to be there. We can understand why a supervisor should wish to give employment to a burner friend by placing his name upon the jury list, without exactly contemplating a wholesale cor ruption of the fountains of justice. But we desire to ask the inhabitants of San Francisco in all honesty of purpose, if they can afford to have a class of men serve as jurors who are simply desired to be used politi cally ? A condition of things exists in our courts, so far as jurymen are concerned, but tittle removed from tbe worst days in our history. The question natu rally arises, can any remedy be found against a con dition of things which is alarming 1 — Bulletin, June 6. The Last Sacramento Murder. — The Union of 4th June gives the following particulars of the recent homicide in that city : — At about 8 o'clock last even ing a men numed William Shoemaker was shot and mortally wounded at Second and K streets, by a man named A. R. Counwright, The parties were both sporting men, end have had considerable trouble recently. Yesterday afternoon Conrtwright had been drinking, and repeatedly threatened to kill Shoe maker. Just before the tragedy occurred Courtwright asked Hairy Holmes, while or the east side of Second VUCCV) UVIU1 VI At IV vMI DUUCUlMerj CM ue iumuugu to kill bim. Holmes rebuked him, and told him to go home and go to bed. Shoemaker seemB to have betn close at hand. He walked down the side walk to K street, and crossed Second to the Bank Exchange. He there passed a few words with George Fay lor. The two stood in front of the cigar-stand, within two feet of each other, Shoemaker with his back towards K street. Cartwright walked deliberately alter Shoemaker, and when on tbe aide- walk said, 'Hallo, Faylor,' and ' You — — of a ? 1 would you draw a pistol on me 1' As the last words were uttered] he fired. The bullet struck Shoemaker on the left temple, in the edge of the hair, end passed downward and backward through the brain. From the course taken by the bullet it is probable that Shoemaker dpdged his head to avoid the shot. The wounded man fell instantly, exclaiming '9 my God!' Courtwright was inBtantly -seized byE. F. Boyle, H. Holmes, and G. Faylor, and taken to the - Station-house. Shoemaker was removed to a room on the east side pf Second, street, at the corner of the alley near the telegraph office. Dr. Cluness sooa arrived and pronounced the wound fatal in character. Shoemaker died a few minutes before^ 10 o'clock. When Courtwright was taken to the Btation-house he was found to have in his possession a revolver, a deringer pistol and a policeman's mace. The two men are said to have been connected together ia gaming operations. Courtwright is a married man, and Shoemaker w»b not. Courtwright and hia wife boarded formerly at the Ebner House. Shoemaker supplied them with the means to rent and furnish a house near Eighth and M streets. It appears that Courtwright became jealous of Shoemaker. In addition to this fact Courtwright had had several quarrels with Shoemaker over their games. 'When the deceased was searched, he also was found to have a pistol on his person. Courtright has been a resident of lone Valley a number of years. He is said to bave been of a quarrelsome disposition^when ut.dcr the influence of liquor. He came to this city to reside about nine months ago. On the way to the , station house he expressed a desire to see hi» wife, saying he knew he must be hung, &c.; Mrs. Court- . right was sent for and soon arrived. 8hoemaker has betn a resident of this city about the same length of time that Courtright has. A letter in his possession, written by a brother, D. E. Shoemaker, and dated ' Mohawk, New York,' indicates that that may have been bis former place of residence. Ihe pistol used by Courtright wes a five-batreled Colt's revolver. Some two weekB ago be left tbe city for lone Valley, end remained there until three days ago, when he returned. His wife remained in' Sacramento during that time. The body of the deceased was taken in charge last evening by Coroner Counts, who will hold an inquest to day. The Lskeport Tragedy. — A correspondent of the Bulletin, writing from Lakeport, Lake county, under date of Mar 28, gives the following particulars of the fatal shooting affray in that town last week : — A Mrs. Hinckley had sued for divorce from her husband, G. W. Hinckley, at the last terms of the District Court, and was non-suited. Since then she has not lived with Hinckley, but has kept the custody of one of the children. Yesterday, about 10 a.m., Hiackley came here, and in some way obtained possession of the child, n daughter, and was going away with her, when, at the solicitation of the mother, S. Chapman, keeper of the hotel in this place, went and took the child frcm Hinckley. The father then presented a revolver at Mr. Chapman, with the intention, as Hinckley says, of scaring him, and in an instant Chap man was shot, the ball passing , through the abdomen BRd lodging in the back. Hinckley was at once arTested, and is now in gaol awaiting examination. Chapman lingered until about 12 o'clock to-day, when he expired . Mr. Chapman was an old resident of ,. Tuolumne county, and latterly of San Francisco. They have a Dogberry in Brooklyn in the shape ef Justice Cornwall. A fellow was brought before him, charged with an attempt to pick a lady's pocket, he having been caught in the act. After hearing the I positive evidence against himself, the prisoner was about to plead guilty, when the Justice cried 'Stop !' and, turning to the plaintiff, inquired, 'Was there anything in your pocket, ma'am f ' Her reply was ' No j' when, turning to the prisoner, Dogberry con tinued: 'You may go; if there was nothing in the pocket, no crime was committed.' Under this dsn trine, an empty-headed man might be assaulted with impunity. A Southern Conservative journal says?—' ' A great many papers in the South, and some in the North, are endeavouring to prove that General Grant is a fool. We have too high a respect for the genius ot Lee, Johnson, Bragg, and Beauregard to believe it. Indeed, we have heard his pet-metal howl at times when we have thought that he was entirely ' to* smart.' Two gentlemen had a smoking match in New York the other evening. One human chimney consumed twelve cigars and a quarter from 8 to 12 p.ta. The less enterprising only got through ten and a half. The difficulty of the foolish feat of the winner depends j very much on the strength and size of the cigars. A I match to see which could emoke the slowest would be much more reasonable at tbe present price of tobacco. A New York paper Btates that at a recent funeral service in the lecture room of Mr. Beecher's church, a lady discovered that her pocket-book was missing, and communicated her Iobs to two lady friends who I sat near her. This led to an examination of pockets, 1 which revealed the missing wallet, minus the money, I in the pocket of one of tbe friends of the victim. This must have been the work of ax expert. House rents are so exorbitantly high in New Orleans that a ' grasping landlord ' advertises to let ' a splendid hogshead, jubI vacated by tne former occupant, who leaves it for no fault. The premises are a Bweet location for a family with young children, ere in thorough repair, with bunghole centrally situated, and hoops in good order.' Common brass clocks maybe cleaned by immersing the works in boiling water. Rough as this treatment hi ay appear, it works well whenever they stop from an accumulation of dust or thickening of oil upon the pivots. They should be boiled in pure rain water, and dried on a warm stove or near the fire. Tbe new Chassepot rifle has cost the French army 20,000,000 dollars thus far. Russia, tor the Reming ton rifle, has paid 22,000,000 dollars, and Austria 16,000,000 dollars. Great Britain hss paid 13,000,000 dollars for the new Snider rifle. Its first cost is less than that of the Chassepot, but it is ultimately dearer, owing to tie expense of its cartridges. Hendrik Conscience, the celebrated Flemish story teller, following the example of Mr. Dickens, is recit ing his own tales in Amsterdam just now, to crowded and gratified audiences. Now, -we suppose, tike our Treasury Department, he will be bothered with con science money. - Mr. Spurgeon defends the system of replacing the I present sectarian extern of English schools with a 'j purely secular one. ' He says that 'village lads could j generally carry in a hollow tooth all the religion they J receive at the charity schools.' High Church parties | think Spurgeon is splurgia too much. Hayes City, Kansas, may be thus summarised : — , 400 whisky dealers sell drink to the other 400 inhabi tants. Services on Sunday consist of draw poker, monte, and faro. Amusements free, consisting of * Durgianee una cum* diuoucq xnuiucrB ua luc buccuji Courts are not yet organised, but hangings are fre quent. General Briebin, who is writing ' Grant Papers ' for the Cincinnati Gazette, relates tost at a clam lunch in California he once asked the General (iheu Captain Grant) how he liked clams. The latter drily leplied that he thought them a very good substitute for ' gutts percha oysters.' An inventive genius in England advertises ' noise less beots,' which are especially recommended to clergymen, physicians, and barristers. Why clergy men should he included in this category it would be difficult to say. In churches it is the people rather than the parson who offend the ear by their creakiog boots. English papers report the detection of three Spanish ladies ' of the very highest distinction ' in the act ol stealing a quantity of gloves, eilk stockings, per fumery, and other small articles from a store in Paris. They were a mother and two daughters. The first was locked up and the others allowed to go home. A correspondent of an English paper proposes to settle the Irish question by a plan similar to that of the ' marriage fund association.' He wishes the Government to offer a bounty to every person of Irish descent who marries one of English or Scotch ances try, and a premium of 10 dollars for every child born of such marriages. T. Tilton recently said that Michigan was ' sitting with her fingers on her forehead, pondering the question, ' Is the negro a man i' ' ' She now sits,' sBys the Boston Pott, ' with her thumb on her nose, gyrating the aforesaid finger at T. Tilton.' Some bold robbers of Hungary lately turned off the gas in the railroad station at Szegedin, just as a night train entered it, seized, gagged, and bound the post- ? office agente, and stole the whole mail. There is no trace of the perpetrators of this audacious outrage. It is reported that a party of treasure diggers are at work in the vicinity of Nashville. This may well excite astonishment in Tennessee, for from the accounts of the Press in that State nothing has been left there, either to dig or to steal. There are a hundred writers in magazines and newspapers, from Grant's own father to General Bris bin, who are constantly adding to our stock of koow- . ledge about Grant, and to Grant's stock of kno wledge about himself. . I Tbe grasshoppers have hatched out thicker than ever on the prairies of Iowa. Neither rain, fire, snow, nor frost seems to affect the constitution of these in sects. They are said to be, very tough lo-customers. Two men lately obtained a license to marry the same woman in Mississippi. The successful rivAl was shot by the disappointed, who also thrashed the minister who united the couple. Thurlow Weed says the chairmanship of the Dickern banquet belonged to Mr. Greeley, as the senior city editor of New York, and denieB that he absented himself because the honour was not conferred J on Mm. ' Jj The ghost of a woman killed on an Illinois rail- | road is said to haunt the scene of the casualty, and the accessories of a spectral train and lecomotive are not wanting. If it would haunt some of the direotors the effect would be finer. 