LAYING THE FOUNDATION-STONE OF THE ROMAN CATHOLIC CATHEDRAL OF ST. MARY. THE benediction and laying of the foundatlon-stone of St Mary's Roman Catholic Cathedral, or at least of that portion of the in- tended edifice which is at present in the course of creation took place yesterday, on mil iiiimullatily adj cent to, tho actual alte of tho old building The pitt cip it pirt in the accustomed cere- mony was, nccortllnir to tin llomuii Hi ntlflc.il, performed by tho Arohtiintaop, the Most ltev J hu lick roldlng, who wa» assisted by his auffragun priluicB, Hi K mau Cntholio Bishops of Mait- land, Bathurst, Goul um, niul I'mou, hy a largo body of tho clergy, and m ny thou..un(U ol the laity ... . , . It is intended, for tin prsnt togo on with tho choir, tran Bepts, and nave! of this np toi u» tnd magnificent structura to the length of nb til 2 0 fut in tho clear - so as ta fully oomploto those parts ot the now cutheilr.il before commencing tho remuii lug pinion toward* VVoolloomooloo btreot, and it is n t too much to state tint tho progress of the work iilrctitly ni ide wusvcBtcrdoy found by the public to bo such as lulu ttiji»tify the conclusion that it will BO the many ycjrs bclon Mich a minni ti n must come to pass, End the church be read} for uro lu regard to the exact position of the building, it m j be proper to observo that what is oom taonly callcel "orientation * has been altogether dt-trcgnrded JTroin tho necessities of the situation, arising chiefly out of tho %reat si/oof the inttntlid structuie thei new cathedral of St Story will range from noith to s nth , the choir being towards the north and tho western sidr of iho church In tho College 3treet Uno of frontage Its entire li ngtli, when completed, will bo 3>0 feet, its least breudth being uliout 74 feet I bus finished bt Mary's will, it 1« believed b I irgcr than dther tho cathedrals of Chester, Roohcstcr, Carlisle Bri til, or Oxford, and not much in- ferior, in Its dimensions, to the cathedrals of Hereford, nnd of Wells The porch u it ii proposed to Immediately completo ?will be of about the length of Uitlisle C rtbeiirul, and buvery con- siderably larger than either uf Ihe cathedrals of Bristol and Oxford. The design (from the accomplished and experienced pencil of Mr. W. W. Wardell, of Victoria, is cruciform in its general plan, and comprises a nave and aisles, two transepts and aisles, and a choir with eastern and western aisles. One of the distin- guishing features of the general design of the church will be its unusual breadth, in which it will bear a somewhat close analogy to the Cathedral of Lincoln. The entire length is to be about 350 feet, and the width within the transepts, 118 feet, the width across the nave and aisles being about 74 feet between the walls. It will, when fully complete, nearly occupy the entire length of the ground from St. Mary's Road to Woolloo- mooloo-street. Viewed from the Domain gate, the northern front (in which there is to be a very large altar window) will have a very striking effect. Indeed from the commanding situation which the Cathedral is to occupy, and the grandeur of the whole design, St. Mary's cannot fail to prove a most remarkable and beautiful ornament to the city. The space within the choir allotted for the high altar and sanctuary will be about forty-five feet in length, and will be surrounded by the aisles and lateral chapels. The organ chamber is to be on the east side of the choir, and opening from the choir aisles by pillars and arches. The nave, choir, and transepts will be about ninety feet in height from the floor of the church and will be divided from the aisles re- spectively by pillars and arches about thirty-five feet in height. Over the aisles, and opening into the nave, choir, and transepts throughout, will be a triforium, and above the triforium a spacious clerestory. There will, moreover, be a central tower or lantern at the intersection of the nave and transepts with a clear interior height from the floor of the church of 120 feet, and at the southern end of the church, next Woolloomooloo-street, there will be two towers with spires, about 280 feet in height. Owing to the paramount necessity for economising the expenditure as much as possible—a necessity made still more urgent from the cost entailed by the extraordinary depths to which it was essential to go for foundations—the architect has it is understood, been compelled to abandon the introduction of stone vaulted ceilings, and to have recourse to the ordinary wooden roof. The founda- tions, however, are so solidly constructed that these vaulted ceilings may yet be built, if it should be deemed desirable. Mr. John Young is the contractor for the works, which are being carried out under the supervision of Mr. Thomas Eves, the Resident Clerk of the Works. The Architect, as we have already intimated, is Mr. Wardell. Mr. Young's present contract will carry the walls to the height of forty feet—about one-half of their intended height. It is impossible to speak too highly of the work, or of the material upon which it has been exhibited. The stones used have all been hewn out of the Pyrmont Quarries, of enor- mous size without a single fault to be found in them—the very best that could be got. In addition to the cathedral proper, the design includes two large sacristies, each 32 feet by 20 feet with strong room for church plate, and other necessary offices, a spacious chapter house, and a residence for the Archbishop. This will comprise the usual offices for the Vicar-General and Private Secretary, be- sides accommodation for the resident clergy, and tho apartments for the Archbishop, libraries, domestic chapel, reception rooms, &c.; The design of the whole pile is of the early deco- rate or geometrical period of pointed architecture, and, though of the simplest character, bids fair to realise a thoroughly eccle- siastical and commodious edifice, well suited to its purposes and not unworthy of the Metropolitan city in these Australian colo- nies. The people began to assemble in the north-eastern portion of the enclosure of St Mary's shortly after 10 o'clock in obedience to the summons of a joyful peal from the bells of the Cathedral, which are now hung in the south-western tower, the only portion of the old edifice that has not been utterly destroyed. From that hour to the commencement of the service persons continued to arrive in great numbers, until between two and three thousand persons must have been present. To the northward of the exact site of the future high altar of the Church—marked by a cross standing about twelve feet high—was a large tent for the accommodation of the mayor and aldermen of the city, and numerous other gen- tlemen, who had been specially invited to attend. Amongst the vast concourse who witnessed the ceremony were Monsieur L. F. Sentis [the French consul), benor Don h ban Just (the Spanish consul), the Captain of the Morceau, Captain Purcell, Mr Cropper, Mr. Justice iuueett the Hon T A Murray, Ar. W. B Dalley, Mr. W Butler, Mr Edward Bennett, Mr. W. A. Dunes» Mr Charles Mooro (the Mayor of Sydney), 'Mr Alderman Buller, Mr Alderman Cara her, Mr. Alderman Chapman, Mr Alderman Hordern, Mr. c Alderman Hurley, Mr Alderman Murphy, Mi Alderman Steel, Mr J Hart, ML A, Mr Hurley, Mt A, Mr John t Manning, the Very Rev Dr Forrest, tho Rector of St John's, Dr Gilhoolcr, Fellow of Ht John's, Mr Charles Lett, Mr Cuthbert, Mr Montagu Scott, Mr. Jamoa Mollina, Mr Robert Covcny, Mr. Friel, Mr. Barlow, Mr Jere- miah Donovan, Mr Jumes Curtis, Mr william Curtis, Mr Rubio, Mr Jeremiah Mooio, Mr John Hourigan, Mr, M Carthy, and many other gentlemen and citizens taking an in crest in tho oom xnony. The Most Rev tho ArchblBhop, on his arrival at tho most southernmost tent, was accompanied by Dr Murray, the Bishop of Maitland, Dr M, Quinn, the Bishop of Bathurst, Dr. Lanigan, the Bishop of Goulburn, and Monseigneur d'i aus tho "Vicar Apostolic of Océanien The Vicar-General (Dr Sheehy) and about sixty other priests of the arohdlocese were also present, and took part iu the proceeding« The Archbishop and Bishops were vested with rochet, amice, alb, girdle, and atole, and wore white copes and mitres Each prelate was accom- panied by his chaplain The mitre and robes of the Archbishop were magnlfiotnt lu tho extremo. Four or Uro of the principal clergy likewise wore copi s, but most of the priests uppearod in their cassocks and surplioes Tho cantors were the Vicar General, and the Rev McsBrB Dwyer, O'connell, aad Quirk These gen- tlemen were assisted by Mr. lardner, the organist of the Cathedral His Graoo fully robed, and holding the crosier in his left hand, ?first blessed the salt und water in tbo appointed form, after whioh the choir chunted the an'iphon Stynum salutis pone, and the Psalm Quam dilecta This being ended, the Archbishop, stand- ing towards the place w hereon be hud already sprinkled the ?water which had been blessed, recited tho prayer, "0 Lord God, who, although the heaven and earth cannot con- tain thee, &c; " In this prayer the name of tho Virgin Mary waa expressly mentioned as being that of tbo saint after whom the "church wus to bo called, and a blessing wa» luvoked upon the placo, and uion the work The lier. Padus. Bahsanti preached an eloquent sermon in Xnglish, taking for his text the IGth verse of the 28th chapter of Isaiah.-"1 henton, thus saith the Lord God Behold I will lay a stone in the foundations of /ion , a tried stone, a corner «tone, a precious stone, founded in the foundation He that bclieveth let him not husten " The reverend preacher, although .ailed upon to addrcs a vast audience in a language wherein his -difficulties were obviously those of pronunciation alone, was listened to throughout his discourse with a breathless interest lie began by informing his hearers from what portion of tho Sacred Scriptures it was that ho had selected his text, which they would And in a chapter of tho Prophecy of Isaiah, a chapter sublime and deeply interesting to them, and to all members of tho Catholic Church That chapter, ho said, was sublimo, interesting, and suggestive of elevated thoughts, and sublime, also Interesting, and aighly suggestive was that ccrcmonj which they had begun, and wcro about to complete upon thut ev or memornblo day oonsecratcd by the dun eli to the Jiuiuucuktc Conception of the ever Blessed Mother of God In the presence of their beloved and venerable -Archbishop, and of his respected suftragan prclitcs, he was there to address a few words to them upon that occisión, und fervently lie projed that God nnhht cause the truth to sink deep into all their hearts Hie laving of a foundation stone to such an edifice as that was no common fa-.lt, but a work with such u high object that the cyo of faith nught seo much more In It than the mere outwuidact, for bv the .noughts which that outward act sug- gested; they might lind themselves readily furnished with argu- ments on behalf of their most holy religion. Tho action of laying the foundation stone of a church was something truly great and elevated, and iheir assembling for sucli an object ?was naturally calculated to move their hearts, to quicken tueir mcmoticB, and to uwuken their liveliest regrets Who of ttiem ?all, at such a time, coultl help turning himself back in thought to the old St Mnrj's-the church where they had so often como to pray to Ahmghtv God, mid there to enjoy communion with Ulm on cortil, ob lit bau been pleased to provide, it was impossible for them to stand thtre und not be curri d back to tho high ?mosses at which it bud he n their privilege to be present, to the -vespers, and to ull tile other ordinances of their Church, in which they had in that edifice so long served their God In the midst of the concourse of the laithlul who w ero there wont to assemble from ull parts of the country (Uko God's people ot old), how pleisant it was to spenil ono day of prayer and of praise No, they could not forget their old c tthedrul with its happy da) s, uud its hallowed associations. But God's ways in his dealings with man were uiscru able, they were not us our ways, a fire "hurstout und consumíd that e(lillee, dcstioying wbnt they loved so much in a few bnef moments It had been hard for thom to Bee the lund of God in that, and yet it hod, most unquestionably, lieiii lhere They, in tho first unguish of their feelings under last blow, had, indeed deemed it a disastrous and most calamit- ous conflagration but from henceforth let them rather esteem it a happy fire, for from the flume« of that Uro blessings, through the loving mercy of their God, bid arisen to fall upon the Catho- lic Chuich thiout,houi nil tbo land God, as the great St Auguiiiuc hail well saul, knew how to bring good out of evil, andu bad been Hi» will to do so in this present instance The tundra- of St Mary's Cathedral, although it lind so grieved them all to the very he irt, had been the means of furnishing proof of the kind feelings entertained for them by thousands who Were tot with tbeni in the unity of the faith, and by persons lu nigh station and influence »ho were known to hoof other re- ligions And then, the calumity which had ocaurred had, in God's providence, provetl to be a means for the strengthening of their faith ond trust In lum It had stirred them up to lend a ready and a liberal hand to the work that was set before them, it had shewn them the greatness of the sacrifice demanded of them, and the truo extent of their Christian duty, It had exacted from the faithful tho willing mlnm-eion that thev wore clearly called upon to erect another more spacious and more beautiful structure than that whloh the fire bud consumed-a church more suitablo to Its intended use, moro worth) of tho worship of Almighty God The; wcrocilled upai to do this, too, in an infidel age, as age in which the faith of somo had waxed dim, when the speiultiinns of error wcro boldly put forth to be sut-stituted for the unwavering reception cf fundamental truth The mateml constructions of the Church Were all correct and significant representatives of the Spiritual Church of Chi ist ' Behold I will lay a stone In tho foundations of binn, a tried stone a corner stone, a precious stone, founded in the foundation " It wus ot that stone, of which St Peter and St. Paul had also spoken that ho desired to speak to the.a that di). Chri6t, our Lord, hail been pleased .to declare Himself in the liol) scriptures to be a stone because there wcie some particular,, attributes of His Divine nature, of which we could not otherwise lave been mode full) unuro, or huve been nt all benefited by such knowledge, had Hi li t to revealed flimself bt Cyprian said xh tlhiistwas the Stone seen hythe prophet/ocharlas, upon which were seven eyes, which were tho seven saeruments of Chri6t, a stone of which it was wntten -"I will grave the graving thereof, suith the Lord of Hosts, and I will tike uvvuv thu iniquit) ot thal land in one day " Christ wus the ttonepri figured by tin t upon which the wearied Patriarch Jucob I iqitstd his head, whtu be saw, as m a prophetic dream, a ladder K ich ng down to it from heaven,so thutttu. nngels coutd descend *u( uaeccud thereby. lit, too, was tko Stone upon which Moses wrote the tublm ol Ibo law, and prestntrd thom to the pooplo of Israel. It was by Ulm thatwr onmc to know the law, and It was in Ulm tliot we saw the low fulfilled unto a perfcot obedience, no, also, was the Stire ptruck bf Mose«, from the striking of which Cane forth the wutirs of life, flowing frrclyforlho rofrc»h mtnt of His pioplc. Chiist-sold the; preacher-is that Stono which David, by faith, took out of a running stream, and with whick ho mortully wounded Goliath the great cnoii y of the people of God; for Christ Is the glorious warrior, who, on our bchif. has struck down the devil. Ile-is the stone that.»oslas Bet up ai i testimony unto the- people of Israel for ever. He is the tried stone, the corner et'nc, the pn clous stone-the f mndatlon stone upon which nats all the supirstructiurc of our Sion. The prtuchcr furthir pruceedtd to say that tho text nppcarod to him to be as a frame, in which, Uko a picture, or Uko a mirror, waspicsentid toiiur vii w all tho great truths of the Catholic religion. As a house could no1 stand without a solid and suro foundation, so, of course, It w11« with the Church of Christ. The Apostles were not prnuuiy but secondary, stones in the Church ; the primary Btnno wus christ, upon whom the whole fabric was reared. On linn, the gnat foundation stone, the flrBt and Ibo most excellent, wus tho weight of tho whole building imposed. If this was so, how blind mu-t not those men hoof tho so-oalled Reformed Religion, who had departed from the old faith-»ho lind abandoned the original and true foundation,-who hail at- ti mpte-d to found their new structures without tho clear sanotion of a new revelation. But that Church which was bu It upon Christ 11s its foundation must stand fast for ever, and those who built upon any other were only too like the focilinh man who built his bouse upon the sand. Christ wus not divided, and hit Church wus one; us He, Himself, hod said: "Ho that is not with mc is against mc." Our Lord had selected Peter from amongst his disciples to represent him ; it was lo St. Peter that ho had given the keys of heaven ; ¡twos to him that He had promised that His Church should continue to stand to the end of time. It was St. Peter also who had been appointed to feed Christ's sheep and limb p. Our Lord had appointed Peter to be the representative- of Htm, the primory stone. When Christ had sold ut.to Peter, *' Thou art Peter, and upon this rock will I build my Church," He spoke not merely to that first of tho apostles, but to all the Roman Pontiffs who Bliuuld come after that apostle, succeeding bim in rt gular and uninterrupted succession in tho chair of St Peter, Luch one of Uicbc, in bis turn, lind been primary stones re- presenting Christ, tho grout primary Btono upon which tbev all lested, neither wind nor wnvo eould ever sweep what had been so fitly bulldcd away. It was established on a rock, raised upon a foundation that oould not be other thnn secute. But the enemies of Christ denied tho truth of tins ; and not only did HIb open enemies do so, but even amongst the faithful there were those who were thus being led astray. "I hoy must do as they listed, but for all this thoy would, moat assuredly, be brought unto judgment. In his ttxt, Christ wus spoken of in thrco different terms-as tho "tried" stone, as tho "corner" stone, and as tho "pre- cious" stone. He would touch upon the first two of these sotnc w hat briefly, that be might havo the more time to insist u pon the third. The preacher here proceeded to point out that in the days of the old law there w»s the Jow and the Gt-ntllo-the one the elect of God; the other, the reprobate and cast- away. Christ had changed all that-for he came into the world to, eave the Jew , and the Gentile alike 'Christ in his body had united the Jew and the Gentile together, and had given to bbth an equal right to the blessings which He came to dispense. Christ becamo tho Father of all that believed in Bim, whether Jew or Gentile But tho Jews,had rejeoted Our Blessed Lord, and then Ho had turned to the Gentiles. Truly Ho was tho tried stone, tho sacred and the mystical stono -the stone that had been bath rejected and chosen-tho great corner stone upon which, rested tho wholo weight of the Church of God. But Christ was, moreover, called a '-precious"'stone becauso in Ulm wero united tho two natures-tho nature of God and the nature of man. In His body (suob as Ho was pleased to take upon'-him) there wob to be Been the w onderful union of two - natures, and thereforo He was, by a figure, colled the Precious Stone, Christ was also tho Living Stone, or the Stono of Lifesaving light'and Ufa In himself, und .being the author of light and life for others. By a similar figure St. Foul also spoke of Christians as "living stones." < Chrlst.was indeed the tried stone, a stono rejeotod by the builders. W'bnt had not the Wicked Ono done since Ho was made munlfcst in this world to assault the strength of our mystical Sion Î The ' Jews at Jerusalem had tried the mystical Btone ;" they had rejected it, and with bitter rcvllings had crucified the Lord of Glory Then come the cruol persecutions of the Pagans agmnst the early Church ; then tho scmlbarbarism and immorality of several succeeding ages ; then tho so-called Reformations of England und , of Germany in tbo loth century, and lastly tho wide-spread in- fidelity of the present day. All theso things had, .in succession, 1 sorely died the Head Corner Stone, but still it stood in its place piuco unchangeable and unchanged. The rev. prcuchcr next proceeded to refer at some considerable length, to the mystery of the dream of tho King of Babylon, ' specially revealed to the prophet Daniel, as recorded in the second > chapter of Daniel He described to his hearers, in animated 1 terniB, the terrible statue ,of gold, silver, brass, iron, and clay, und expatiated upon the destruction1 of that sym-1 bolical colossus by "a stone out without hands." Daniel' said that the stono had struck the stntuo on j the foot that were made of iron and clay, and broko then all to ' 1 teces- the destruction so oaused continuing until the whole, statue was broken up and swept away, the stono which hadi struck that emblem becoming a mountain, filling tbo whole earth.. The learned divine argued that this stono was also Christ, who ' should put all things beneath Hun and reign over the whole, earth, utterly destroying the unsightly and incongruously com pounded Colossus of Error. Wicked and foolish were those, sectarians and unbelievers who attempted to establish the reign of their delusions on the vainly expected fall of the kingdom of Christ. Whosoever should fall upon that' stone it would hurt him ; but upon whomsoever that stone should fall it would grind him to powder. There was neither' might, nor power, nor strength against the Lion of Judah. The preacher further explained that the 'Stono cut without bonds," was clearly meant for Christ,-who of his own free will, and moved only by his love to mon, took upon him our nature, and assumed the tusk of our redemption. Tho rev. father here made a pointed allusion to the dogma of tho Roman Catholic Church, to which that day was specially consecrated, and spoke in eloquent terms of the happiness enjoyed by the Archbishop on that day. Surrounded by his suffragan bishops, the beloved representative of tho representative of Christ, the Arch- bishop might, after that day, almost exclaim with Simeon, " Lord, now let thy servant depart it peace, according to thy word, for mine eyes have seen thy salvation." Tho sermon concluded with a very striking appeal to all the members of tho Roman Catholic Church then present, Inviting them to como lot ward with liberal contributions. To them who rightly believed in Christ, that Stono of which ho had spoken was given for life and for salvation ; but to them who believed not, that stone was no means of strength, but a stumbling block, and a rock of perdition. " _ . . _ The f|,,n>o» IwIhb ««led, Mr, Robert Covcny nn,i ..-. t"",.. Mullins approached the Archbishop, and on buhalf of tho com- mittee (as the honorary treasurers of tho same) presented his Grace with a splendid gold trowel, manufactured for the occa- sion by Mr. Delarue, of George-Btreet. This very beautiful work of uri excited universal admiration. Tho metallio part, or blade of the trowel is of solid gold, weighing about twelve ounces. The handle is of Ivory, handsomely finished, but of a somewhat pluin and simple pattern. At the junction of the blade with the handle is a shield bearing the Archbishop's arms, blazoned with tbo nrms of the Archiépiscopal See. Near this shield (and con- necting it with the handlo) is a solid figure of an angel with expanded wings. On the broadest portion of tho trowel-blade ore representations of the late, and of the intended, Cathedral of St. Mary. The whole workmanship demands the highest praise. Below the bae-rcHcfa is the following inscription : " Arpo Sidnciensi ct Metrop. Australia) Solio poutificali assistent!, Primorium Lapidera Eocl Cathedral 8. Manto instaurando) bencdlcturo et positura, Fcsto Iramoo- Concep. B, V. M., A, 8.18G8, Vlri Elcoti, QuibuB demandatus est odifica tionis in vigilando) ct promovcndíc Gratissimus labor " The Bishop then, standing without his mitre, blessed the first stone, ss)lng the verslolcs, and offering up tho following prayers : " 0 Lord Jcbbs Christ, Son of the living God, who art true God Almighty, the splendour and image of tho Eternal Father, who art the cornerstone cut out from tho mountain without hands ; and the unchangeable foundation ; establish this Btone to be placed in thy nome ; and thou who art the beginning and the end, in which beginning God the Father created all things from the first ; be thou, wo beseech thee, the beginning and the increase, und tko finishing of tho work itself, which Is to be began to the pruise and glory of thy name. VVho, with the Father and the Holy Spirit, llvcst and rctgnest, God, world without end. Amen." "Holy Lord, Father Almighty, everlasting God, vouchsafe to bless this Btono for the foundation of a church in honour of Saint N. Through our Lord Jesus Christ, thy Son: a tried stone, a corner stone, a precious stone, founded in the foundation, concerning which tho Apostle salth, But the Rock was Christ. Who, with Theo and the Holy Ghost livcth and rcigneth, God, world without eud. Amen." His Grace then blessed the stone, using the words " Benedic Domine crcaturom islam lapidlB, Sie." Next was said sr rather chanted, the Litany of the Saints, the priest chanting the sull'nigce. After thnt the Archbi-bop began the antiphon, " Mano Burgens Jacob, Sec." the choir following him und chanting the Psalm " Níbí Domlnus." This having been done, tho Prelate, standing in his mitre touched the stone, omi placed it In the foundation, saying tin so words :-"In fide Jesu Christi collocamus lapidem istum primurlum in hoo fundamento : In nomine Putris, et Fi!!!, et Spiritus Sancti.utv-Igent vera fldCB hie, ct timor Del, fraternaque dllcotio, ct sic hie locus destinatus oratloni, ct ad invocandum, ct lntiduudumnomen ejUBdein Domini nostri JcBuCbristi, qui cum Pitre, ct Bpiritu Soneto vitit et rcgnut Deus, per oinnia srctmla treculorum R Amen" The stone was then properly set by the mason, and the PsaimB "Miserere mci Deus," "Fundamenta cjus," and " LictatiiR Bum," with the appropriate antiphons, were sung by the ohoir. Tho Archbiship, with the bishops and clergy following, then went round the foundations. After some further prayers tho " Vcni Creator Spiritus" was Bung, at the end of which tho sorvioB was concluded hy two appropriate prayers, offered up by tbo Archbishop. Tho inscription on the brass plate affixed to the foundation Btono of St. Mary's is us follows : In nomino Jesu Christi, < Primurlum hunc lapidem ' Ecclesim Cathedral!! Sim Maritc, , prope situm priori» odlficll, coniisgrationc die xxix Junii, A.n. mdcccsxv-, pcnltus dlruti, amplificando; tarnen ct sumptuoslus instaurando!, solemn! rit'u beuedixit et posuit. Ulmus ct Ruins Johannes Beda Folding, O.S B., ' i_ Arpus Sidnelcnsls nccuon Mctrop. Australia), ' ¡ ". rZ!T medlUB inter lllmns et Rmus Epos suo« suffraganoos, Mcloourncnsem, Brisbanenscm, Botburstcnscm, Moltlandensem, et GoulburnBcm, Qulbus nstnbat Rmus ct Ulmus Ep iKnensls, S ,M. LrctlBSlmo Immoo. Conoep B.V M. Fcsto, j Anno Salutis, mdccclxviii , i AssiBtentc maxima corona prcsbyterorum, ingentique laicorum, comltantc frequentia fldclium, \ Preces dona gratiarum actiones, t Deo Uno, ot Trino Omnium bonorum Largltorl, gratissitno cordls uffcolu cffuntlientium, I ' Pió Nono, Summo Pontifico féliciter régnante, , ¡ . . Victotia Britanniaruui Regina, , Ejusdcm, vices in han colonia prrefecto ¿órenlo Honorattuo ' Comité do Belmore, I Rev Adm. 8. J. Sheehy, O.S B., Vic:-Gcnl. : Revdls Draals M. J. Dwyer, P. F. O' Farrell, M. P. Fitzpatrick, T J. Gurvey, "' P. J. Healey, t Prcsbytcris Mlsslonariis Cathedrulla, Minl«terU addictií. Gul. W. Wardell, Archltecto. ? i Joannes Young, Operuin Redemptore. . | sou uko oLoaiA. . < The amount collected at the close of the ceremony Ins nof yet been exactly ascertained, but it is believed to bo over ü 1700.' The ceremony having been concluded, his Graoo prooeeded to the plutfotm, und resumed his seut Burroundcd by the bishops and clergy who hod assisted. A oommltteo which had been ap- pointed at a publio meeting to prepare an address of congratula- tion to his Graco then approached, headed by the Hon. J. H. Plunkett, who presented to him tho following address, stating that the pleasure ho (elt in doing so wus enhanced by the recol- lection thut thirty- thrco years ago io had on nearly the sanio ground presented an address to his Grèce on his arrival ia the colony. "ïo the Most Reverend John Bede Folding, Archbishop of Sydney and Metropolitan. " May it please your Grace,- ! " On this most solemn and eventful occasion, w..-, the Catholics of the diocese of Sydney, beg to offer to your Grig.- tho expression il our hearty congratulations on the auspiolous undertokmg of ' " The sorrow arising from the calamity by which In a few hwirsw«- were deprived of tbeaaored edifioe whioh for upwards of thirty years had been the mother chuioh of Australia, wai to u« ibo more difficult to bear, became wo knew low litter ond how deep would be the suffering of ycur Grace for that great loss With the edllloo then (leitroyitl all the dearest ond holiest sssoolations of your I ciics aslical Government of ibis-portion of Christendom wore iiiertwlnid It was itself a great historic fact testii)ing the vittJ.it) and s»lf st crificlng spirit of our faith bv minifestiog hiw under the darkest and most diecouriging o roumstunoes, a w 01 foy temple to the Most nigh ba I been rulscd and «domed by the plct) and munificence of a f inner g noratiou ' It was however, our gnat consolation that yonr Grace waa U| lula in tec midst of your affliction hy the generous and noblo sjmiatbies of tho people of this country Not to us alono who were lound by the bonds of fnth and obedience II longed the exclusive privilege of minlfesting how largely your Gruce bud won the conlldtncc und esteem of the people of this counti y "ï ou hi-d then the unspeakable happiness of discovering thai jour toltr-ince, your charily, your thirty years of blameless ni d cxerr plaiy life among our fellow colonists who do not recog- nise your fpiritual nuthority, hod borne fruit in the universal tivpicssion of sjinpithy with your Grace's sorrow und with ours And now the momint has arrived when, assisted by tho gmrioslty of m inv of tho«e separated from us in religious o| ¡liions we have commenced the creotion of n building the pro pi i tiens and magnificence of which w ill be the noblest monument of v our Grace's rule, and the most endunng testimony of our faith and lov c " V\c owe much to these who have so aided us ia our cff> rts towartls the motion and completion of a structure which, while It will he to us the House of God will only be to them a great architectural adornment of this city Wo acknowledge this great obligation, and the coneciousness i f it has assisted us to bear for their sakes much thal In recent times wo have been colled upon in the good Pioudcnce of God to endure In your Grace's cb ji nctci and public services, as the bead of our Churob in Aub Inila, we have fcund ample refutation of the calumnies of those uhliii] py people who would represent our faith as a conspiracy nrnirst leyalty and human Ubert) mid who arc ever prepaied to h «r, to rcccivt, and to circulate, anv rumours, however ground- less that n ay prt judicc us in the eyes of our fell nv colonists ' In conclusion we beg your Grace to convey to the venerable 1 ifI ops who have surrounded you m the solemn cerciromal which has just tuken place our humble acknowledgments ol their ser v ites, snd our assurances of profound sympathy with them in the M« t labours In winch they aro engaged The short period of ti t ir cpif copol ministration amongst us Ins already afforded Bufti eitnt opporttunt) to appreciate and admire the true apostolic 8 nit hy winch they ure unlimited, and wo cherish the devout I oro ti it their lnbouro may be crnwnitl with succrss ' With our prayiis that Almighty God may preserve you in the enjovincnt of health and of till blessings, till the great objeot of your Grace's life shall be attained 'We have the honour to subscribe ouiselvcs your Grace's foithfnl servants Jouit II Pi unkitt, President of Committee" [For tho Catholics of the diocese "1 Io thla his Grace wn» pleased to return the following reply - " Dmr Triinds,-"iour congratulations are a comfort and happiness to mo I am thankful, first of all to our good God, who bas wrapped mo round with such kind sympathy in my sorrovs and joy , und next, to you who with such true instinct ef filial f uiiuililp, have ever chosen the mo6t opportune moment to cheer and strei gthen my heurt, by Bhowingme what was in v cur own. May Go 1 bles you with ever) forrr of temporal and si iritual rccompcncc' luis is, indeed, as you Bay, ii solemn and eventful occasion, and it is to mc I eculiarl) an occasion of consolation and happiness It prov cs to mc ihut I am building^ my people's love, and that their love for nu is for God's sake íhisis the right order, this is ob it should be We sorrowed together with a sorrow that hud its chief source in what seemed a sweeping away of dear and holy memories, and an injury to the service und work of God among us , we have now our common gladness in the renewal of those memories, the near prospect of more than restoration to that sacred service and work After the night of our misfortune the bright day has d iwncd upon us, and with thankful joy wo are exulting in !.£ light. ' ihls is God's doing, and it is wonderful in our eyes ' V e realise that ancient, oft-rcpented mercy of tho ' God of patience and com- fort'-'I will turn their mourning into joy, and will comfort thtm and make them joyful after their sollow ' " My dear friends, you have most justly styled our old St Mary's) n great historic fact, and yoi. aro right Ivone know bo well as I what sorrows, what hopes, what faith hat glorified those old walls "V es, it was to the world a great hi'toric foot, but it had around it an inner history of facts more real than its stones, a history legible onlv to the eyes of God aha His Angels, unUl the laBt great day of revealing Bhall come, histories of penitence, and hope, and confidence, «rd radical conversion of life-of all the sacred forms of tho manifold grace of God in men's hetrts And nowwehave begun a i ew histor), and I agree with you m desiring to inscribe on its very first page the most generous sympathy and help, offered to us and accepted, when wo first gathered together after our dis- aster, from loony who are not sharers In our Catholic responsi- bilities May God reward them as He best knows bon 1 ou say that the thoughts of that kindness enabled )ou to endure much thvt ybu have since been called upon to cnduie No doubt, and righteously so What should give us cm fidence In our fellow men if kindness, spontaneous kindness in the very hour of need does not give it! \ ou were tight in trusting that the minds and hearts of your noblest fellow cit ?ens, then Bhovvn to you in word and deed, would never accept or if for a moment they accepted, would speedily reject and repel the shamelull) foul and cunning calumnies that at one unhappy mement were cast into tno air like a deadly miasma by Ignorant hutt, nnd unscrupulous political scheming. ¿Nothing has made mc more thankful than the steady, manly, forbearance of ao many of my dear simple children in the faith, under the most pain- ful provocation Their generous Boals understood the. motive that you have given expression to, tnd lin y accepted the counsel of their AichbUhop and their bishops ond their other clergy frankly and dutifully I am proud of them I or j ou who are men with greater oppirtunities i f intelligence ana cultivation-why, I commend you, and sym 1 uthi-=e with you In your annoyance and 6elf command , but you hav e been only what I had a right to espcet you would bo Tho i vi nt haB justified, you Bec, our counse1 and your behaviour. Men are airead) beginning to wonder what the fuss of anger and sospieious hate has a 1 been about, and very obviously the out- crop of polBonous plants, that threatened to mar our thiity years' harvest of broiberlv harmony and good- will, hoB begun to wither nwaj. 8o let it he' It is mother confirmation of the Divine word-' In silence and in hope i ball your strength be' Vee thank God I say it in no boustful self- confidence, but with humble trust in God's l-rnce, from an old man's experimental knowledge of Cathollo 'AJVe" TntfelwVt.o^ouMte bo on the wido stage of the world , the lime, behove mc, is not far distant when men shall recognise, with astonishment and ulonn thnt loyalty of every kind, thnfhuman liberty in every direction, intellectual, and moral, and spiritual, have their only true and sure foundation in that Catholic Church, which, like her I ord had been partly unknown, and partly of mallee travestied and insulted ' My Right Reverend and dear friends, the Bishops, who are here with mc, bave heard your words of acknowledgment, and have seen your deeds, and I know with what pleasure and hope they arc filled Not all arc with us that wished, and expected, to attend our festiv al, but those who arc unwillingly absent will hiorand read of what we hive done, and will enrich us with ti with their own Ups tell you bow they esteem your kind and dutiful thoughts and feelings towards them And now, dear friends and children, once more receive my own hearty thinks , aid once more let us resolve together that the workweh.ve so happily begun this day, shall, henceforward, please God, never suffer let or stop, ob far as we can help it, until its completion I hope next year, if it please God to continue to me health, that I shall attend the great CLcumenical Council, and I should like to curry with me u pioturc, say a good chromolithograph, of the new Cathedral us we project it in its completed state, and next, a good photograph of the fifteen, or twenty, or twenty-five feet that we »hall, I hope, have built up by ¿nat time on the noblo lines we this day commence You see I am confiding to you a secret but there is neither treason nor felony m it, so mind you keep the secret, and, that it mi y be more safely kept, tell it at once to every one, man, woman and child that you know. It will be well kept then and 1 shall haï e many to hilp mc to realise my project, to build up the five and twenty or thirty feet I speuk of 1ishall be, if I go almost if not quite, the oldest Archbishop of that council, and I should dearly like to boast a little about you at Romo and to hear them say, . what a fortunate Archbishop that Is, bo comes one year with a sad history of a Cathedral destrojed, and then almost the next bo comes with the pieluro of a tenfold moro magnificent ono already built '-for well begun you know, dear friends, lo half done May God bless you " Ibis ended the ceremony, which had lasted for sev eral hours Tun Luncheon In the afternoon his Grace the Archbishop gave a private luncheon, in St Mary's Seminary to the bishops, clergy, com- mittee, and a few friend?, the companv present numbering about one hundicd On the right of the Archbishop-who of course occupied the chulr-were the Rev Dr BaUalon, Bishop of Enos, the Rev Dr Murray, Bishop of Maltiund tho Consuls of trance and Spain, Mr J li llnnkctt, and Mr W A Duncan On the left-the Rev Dr Quinn, of Bathurst, the Rev Dr ' I ulgan, of Goulburn, Mr Justice 1 aucctt, the Rev Padre Borsanti, Mr 1 Butler, and Major Nowlon After the handsomely provided repast had been partaken of a number of toasts were proposed His Grace, in giving " Her Most Crocious Majesty the Queen " soul they had been taunted with insinuations ol want of lo) alty, hut the despicable calumny cor toined in such besotted aspersions was scarcely worth notice, us the loyalty of Catholics under the greatest prov ocation would contrast favourably with that of other bodies He loved the Queen, not more as a monaroh than for her private virtues 8ho was Betting the very best of examples, even in certain m ittcrs vv th regard to which Bhc sometimes fell under censure If she ehoso retneraent lu tho Isle of Wight or in the Highlands of l-cotlanil, she was tiaehing her children to visit and comfort the widow and orphan and to aid tho poor Hero wits true nobility shown by going among tenants, comferting them and seeing whether they hud all the advantages they in tbeir several circum- stances were entitled to Her Moj st) bad set un example Fiercely paralleled for privóte virtues ond straightforwardness The toast was received wltL loud cheers, followed by the Blnging of tho first ston/a of the National Anthem i ho next proposal by his Grace wos the health of the Bishops, who hod taken part in the day's ccremon) It was, he said, an occasion affording much gratification, which would be greater on reflection, and be need not say how much of its dignity and solemnity were due to the part taken in it by his venerable and affectionate brethren, the Bishops of Maitland, Bathurst, Goulburn, and Enos It was from them he hut! received great lellef in the discharge of his duties to the Church, whilst by tlnir aid the progress of religion had been forwarded in distant ports, and, pleise God he hoped in n few years to be able with their assistance to give the whole of the children u thoroughly Christian education By taking care of tho young girls and bringing them up in the fear of God, they wero pro- viding in the best mode a means of promoting the future good of their adopted lond The toast having been drunk with enthusiasm, Ihe Rev Dr Quinn returned tbunks in doing which he con- gratulated his friends upon the dignity and solemnity with wbioh the ceri mon) of laving the foundation stone bad been invested, and the munificence of the contributions given Bu if there wus one feature connected w ith it which moro than any other attorded him pleasure, it was the evidence of the advancement of religiou, a cause of rejoicing in any country but especially was he plcaseu to see its promoters in thin his adopted land, wnilst displaying modoration, show themselves determined -ion lheaddrcs to his Grace, of which all might feel proud, was moderate, charitable hut firm, and if anything surpassed it in excellence it wus his Grace's reply He proposed his Grace's health, assured that all would unite in wishing him a full complement of years and happiness They could wish that he might live to see the new cathedral completed, but it was a glorious thing even tosco a priacc of tho Church arrive at the present ago of his Grace, and perform with dignity such a ceremony as they bod witnessed to-day His Grace s history was well know n He commenced with small things, and progressed continuously till, this day, no had been seen presiding at a ceremony of which any Church, however old, might well fe proud I His Grace's health was drunk with loud applause I lhc Aneimisiior, in responding, spoke of the need he had for I the aid of his clergy, and said it was required to stead) his tot I tering steps now that he was going down tho hill of life, and I their coi duct ond/cal might off rd him great consolation Ile I had found comfort in their works lu the respective missions, the I isUiblishmcm of schools where they were wanted, and taking I core of such poor creatures as were destitute The great interest I he felt in the su cess of these things mode bim willing tocon I linke tu bear the burden and do his dut> in the service of God, I until it should ho His blessed will to remove him Ho might say I it had bien bis disirc that many more should have been present I on this occasion. Ihe accommodation, however, being limited, it vine not practicable, aud, Uc^iopcd, tucrcfcrc, the larg«number of friends not asked to be present would not lake off. ne", but rcgord tboBe who sot hen as reprcstntatlvis, and henc-'fort'i unite in maintaining ihtir character as Catholics by the exercise if every virtue, religious, moral, and soolul Mr Justice Faucktt, by reqtust (and in the nbjcnoe of Mr. Plunkett, who had retired) pr pestd " The Clergy," and, in doing so, said-in his journey through various parts of tho country, ho had met with a considerable number of Iih clerical friends It was highly gratifving to find them ever) where ncquiting the respect of those people by whom the) wero sur lounded. 1 heir example and labours, lie had no doubt, would bl or fruit largely in spreading religion anil morality torough mt the colony Ile had no uoubt lliut to their efforts w is due, in a gicut degree, that diminution of crime noticeab e in later times He had no doubt, also, that according hs the number of the elergy was increased in tho country, the duties of Judges would he considerably diminished (Cheers and laughter ) Hi con- cluded by proposing "Tho Health of the Very ltov the Vicar Oi nernl nnd the Deans of the Diocese." Ihe Vicab Gknxuai acknowledged the toast, and pathetically recalled the memory of Archdeacon M-Encroc, wh > bail he live d, ho enid, would this day have taken his plaoo at the hiad of tho (Clergy Unworthy as he (the \icar-Gcneral) was to fill thut position, ho felt it un honour to be associutid with such a body as the oltrgv of the Archdiocese of Sjdncy He hopid they would evei be us one, and that when one wus hurt the whole would feel concerned Mr W.B Dailkt proposed the healths of the Consuls of Trance und t-poln, who hutt taken part in the ceremonials of tho ? uy, arid alluded to the services the nations they represented had urdertd to religion, and to those countries having been the birthplace of gnat men like Ximenes, Bossuct, and Fenelon. M I, F Shi.tis (the 1 rench Consul) In responding spoke of 1 tance as the first sentinel of the Church, und cxpnsse-d u hope that her counsels would continue to be guided by fidelity to it. bcnorE St Just (Consul of Spain) expressed tbn gratification he bud experience! during the grand ceremony of the day, and the honour he felt in having his health drunk by so distinguished ii company It wus true, he said, thut Spain had been known for bel fldilily to the Church from which she had denved much of her glory, und he hoped shewouid not be ungrateful. Ho trusted iiIeo, that following In the footsteps of the Catholics of Spuln, the Cothoiics here would yet do very glorious things for the land of Australia Before the company separated, his Grace the Archbishop ci pressed his gratitude to tbo flnanco committee for their impor t int services, and Mr R Coveny returned thanks. 