DAILY ISSUE. WEDNESDAY, 19th FEBRUARY, 1S68. In respect to the elections winch are to take place to-morrow, a very stale and very tran sparent game is being played by the min isterial candidates and their supporters. The electors are earnestly beseeched not to mind who the candidates are, or what their qualifi cations may be, so long as they will vote for the ^Ministry on the Darling grant, and gene rally do as they are told. At every election since the M'Cullocli Ministry devised that colonial institution known as "the crisis" this same game has been played, and again and again electors have been prayed to set their own good sense aside, and vote for men whose intellect they despise and whose opinions they mistrust. Electors have been told before, as they are told now. that if they would only consent to return men who say " ditto," all would be well, the crisis would soon be brought to an end, and smiling peace would lead in abundant prosperity. 'What is the truth'? From various parts of the colony "dittos" have been sent to Parliament, where they did not go to discuss but to vote, yet the crisis is now more intensified than it has ever been, and fur ther from a settlement than before. The plan of setting incapable men to do the work nf the country has proved a mistake. Representative " dittos" have not proved a success, but have only continued to make a muddle more bemud dled, and add their portion of blundering to the mess. In spite of this, the electors are asked to do again what has already proved a failure. They are asked to vote for men in whom they have no faith, to trust the government of the colony to the incapable and even the dishonest, to sacrifice their own judgments to a party, and write themselves down on their ballot-papers veritable asses, to oblige the Ministry. If the electors of either Ballarat West or Ballarat East are silly enough to be led astray by so paltry a device j if they are foolish enough to put their heads into such a manifest snare as this, then they must take the consequences which are sure to follow, and submit to be quoted as examples of the little discernment which is found in the majority in times of political excitement. They will, moreover, lie despised by the very Ministry which they support. Even Mr Higinbotham, in his cele brated speech to the police coerced meeting, declared in the most emphatic manner that the electors, above all things, should seek for good, honest, and capable men ; yet the party which professes to support him screams out | day after day, " vote for ditto and the ilinis try," even while that party sneers at the poor men who are made to do all its dirty work. It is all very well for the Ministry to hide every other question in the smoke of the Darling grant; but the electors cannot allow import ant points of policy to be so hid, unless they are bent upon proving that the people can be used as the tools of any political party which chooses to stoop to repeat stale tricks, and which cares only to win by any means. Does the Ministry really believe that no other question will be discussed in the next Parliament save the Darling vote 1 Are all the crying wants of the colony to be lost ill this great cry and little wool 1 If so, then we have the best evidence of the necessity of members being returned who will force on the business of the country, and compel Ministers to do that which is urgently required. " Ditto" has become a bore, a nuisance, and an injury; it is time that we had men who could do legis lative work, and who mean to do it or see that it is done. The Land Question has to be arranged and the new alliance with the squat ters to be dissolved, mining on private property has to be dealt with, the question of education has to be disposed of, besides several other matters of no less importance,—on all of which something more should be said than "ditto," even though that be said ten thousand times over, with all the energy of the implicit faith of ignorance and all the self-complacency of incapacity. It is, therefore, certain, that if the electors return men merely because they are going to follow some not very competent leader and vote as they are told, the electors mil be responsible for the future confusion in the public affairs of the colony, and the loss which must result from the absence of legisla tion in regard to matters bearing directly on the industry of the people. Tliat we have in nowise exaggerated, tlie election for Ballarat West is a proof. For that district Mr Ditto Chalmers is a candidate, and even his own friends laugh at him. His can didature is a standing joke, and his attempts at speechmaking melancholy farces. He is not only not qualified for the office which he seeks, but does not profess to be. He puts the electors in the position of the old school men, and asks them to believe in him be cause he is absurd. His candidature is a sort of burlesque on representative institutions. Had Ditto Chalmers as a candidate been in vented by a writer in England, the character would have been declared to be beyond belief, yet he is taken in hand by one of a ^Ministry which is yearning for good men and true, to do the work of the country and redeem our fallen reputation from the mire in which it has been trampled by the events of the last few years. Who ever heard of a country being saved by incompetency 1 Yet a Minister asks us to return Chalmers the incompetent. We cannot discuss his opinions, for he has none. "We cannot answer his arguments, for he does not argue. We cannot criticise his political antecedents, for no antecedents has he. We cannot question either his learning. or his ex perience, for he pretends to neither. His only qualification is, that he is utterly unqualified." He is so bare that there is nothing to lay hold of. There is no discussing with a man who has nothing to say, or disputing with a man who has no opinions. He has invested in the Ministry because he thinks it, on the whole, likely to be the most profitable claim, but he has invested for no other reason. Folly, like wisdom, seems in a fair way to be justified of her children, for the fact that Ditto Chalmers has even the ghost of the shadow of a chance is ample proof that there is a mass of political simplicity and credulity such as was never dreamed of even in the philosophy of that great denouncer of popular foolishness, Thomas Carlyle. But still, though Chalmers says " ditto" to the Ministry, we fancy that the electors will hardly say " ditto" to Chalmers, for they will, we hope and believe, resent as an insult the bringing forward of so incompetent a man to represent a constituency in which there are some seven thousand electors, and whose interests are in magnitude second to those of no district in the colony. Tlie "ditto" business is to be done also, in Ballarat East, if it can be. Mr C. Dyte, whose anxiety about tlie settlement of tlie people on the land is very remarkable, and, of course, purely patriotic, said "ditto" during the last session, and is anxious to say as much, and no more, again. Other candidates who have been in Parliament manage to point to something which they have done, but Mr Dyte can point to notliing, save, of course, his disinterested exertions to get the people on the land. There was a time when we were not satisfied with Mr Humffray, but when we compare him with such members as Mr Dyte has been, we cannot but see how much the constituency has lost by its rejection of one who served it so long and, on tlie whole, so well. Nor do we see how any elector can hesitate in his choice between Mr Jones and Mr Eddy. The former gentle man's faculty of turning is interesting but not reassuring. He who bepraised a Miller, when a candidate for the Council, and in his love for the Ministry and his salary, said things such as no man ventured 011 before, may be a patriot, but looks much more like a poli tical schemer who is ready to turn again on the first convenient opportunity. ' Mr Eddy we at least know to be honest, and to be firm in his honesty, and for that reason we believe that he will do the constituency both credit and service. 