ROUGH NOTES OP THE WEEK. By Candid. [From Tuesday's Register.] On sea and land the present Ministry are equally at home. One week the Treasurer and the Commissioner of Crown Lands are galloping through the South-East at the rate of 70 miles per day, and the next week the Chief Secretary and the Commissioner of Public Works are ploughing the briny deep in the steamer Goolwa, 'Tljeg've journeyed over many lands; ey've sailed on every sea," And as the songs which commemorated their exploits ashore have been sung in large type throughout the districts of the South-Eastern border, why shouldn't their poet laureate do equal justice to the recent voyage at sea? Was not the " cuisine" on board the Goolwa excellent ? Were not the waves rough? And was not the Head of the Ministry,- as well as the stomach, a little affected by the dis turbing element ? All this, and much more, may be found duly set down by the recording angels of the Dally Press; whilst as to the following touching version of the affair, that speaks for itself:— Ye Gentlemen of Adelaide. By the <J. S. Ye gentlemen of Adelaide, Who live at home at ease, Ah! little do you think upon The dangers of the seas. Here overhead the tempest roars Throughout the stormy night, Whilst down below that Philip snores With Kingston and with Bright. I feel within my heating breast The grrms of mighty deeds; I feel a deep—a straDge unrest— (O, hang these naBty weeds.) I Throw8 away his cigar. 1 I feel a fluttering at the heart. Which Bpeaks of bold emprise; Or can it be the damson tart, The veal or pigeon pies? " O, Philip, 'tis a fearful night; There s danger on the deep." ! How do, good fellow, strike a light, And not lie there asleep. Let Bright and Kingston snore prof ound In storms as well as calms; But you, dear Santo, you are bound To share your chieftain's qualms. {Calls for the steward. 1 But, to return to dry land, and also to dry prose. I am glad to see the success of the grand bazaar in Pirie-street. Yet, who could doubt of the success of a "Draper's Memorial" movement, whilst Cotton con tinued active and in good demand? Then there is the assistance which has been given by the new publication Our Times—a kind of publication, in fact, by which society may succeed in turning over quite a new leaf. I would suggest, indeed, that "Every Man his own Newspaper Publisher" might be the title of a very nice little book, written to show the advantages of largely extending the practice of printing journals at bazaars and fancy fairs. Why, for instance, shouldn't every soiree, concert, and public meeting have its own newspaper ? See what a con venience it would be if, at a musical and literary entertainment, the intervals between the pieces could be filled up by the printing and circulation of a nice little newspaper— the Chignon Gazette, for instance, or the Mantilla Times. With a small press fixed in the corner, and with a multum in parvo editor, reporter, and compositor at a little table close by, a fresh edition might be pub lished every hour, containing leading articles on the fashions as exhibited by the ladies present, a critique or two on the songs which had been just snug, a few local paragraphs as to the way in which the room was venti lated, or the unreasonable manner in which the audience insisted upon encores (a matter which ! am glad to say is already being dealt with by "An Amateur"), and a short column of advertisements like the subjoined:— "Lost, near the entrance, a yellow cane, be longing to a gentleman in tbe front seats, with an ' ivory head. Also, three or four capital H's, which were accidentally dropped a few minuteB ago in the midst of a recitation." Or as follows :— "Found, in tbe Refreshment Room, the voice lost by the last performer when he attempted to sing "Gome into the garden, Mand," together with two false keys and a bundle of notes." In fact, the idea is snch a good one that if properly carried out, people might be able to see themselves in print almost as easily as they can see their faces in a looking-glass. Indeed, the mirror might be held up to Nature with such promptitude and fidelity, that at last our manifold printing- machines would be able to outstrip those London presses (Oatnach's and others) that supply the publie with " last dying speeches" a day or two before the date of the execution to whieh they relate. The evil of centralization in Hospital mat ters is often shown by the results of acci dents which take place in the country. The establishment for dealing with fractured limbs is in Adelaide, and therefore if people meet with accidents a long distance in the country, they have to be brought all the way to the city, at the risk of being killed by tbe journey. Last week, for instance, a man dislocated his ancle at Steelton, whereupon he was removed to Kapnnda, a distance of 22 miles; and then he was sent forward the next day by railway to the Adelaide Hos pital, where it was found) necessary to amputate the poor fellow's foot. Fancy a journey of this sort with a foot that required amputation] Of coarse there cannot be a Hospital in every town of the colony. Hat it is time there was one some where to the north of Adelaide. At home some of the finest medical institutions in the world are to be found in the Borough ; but here the Burra is without even so much as a public Dispensary. The letter which Dr. Schomburgk has re ceived from a gentleman in Tasmania, who was recently a visitor in South Australia, is rather alarming. It opens in the circum stantial style of one of De Foe's ghost stories, by stating that, on consideration, the correspondent had thought it desirable to " commit" the matter to writing, and then he goes on to say— " In the first month of the present year I was at Melrose, and tbe evening before I left was about 9 o'clock in the company of a friend walking close to the line of telegraph-posts. We had just passed a post about 100 yards from the building used as a public schoolroom, when we heard a noise issuing I from the earth. [This smells of brimstone. 1 My friend who was nearest to the post started off on the run, thinking the post was falling upon him. A glance of the eye assured me of the safety both of the post and of my friend; but the suddeness of the thing and its accompaniment prevented-my paying so much attention to the sound as otherwise I probably should have done. UTftis is a great pity. I The noise continued several seconds, and seemed to extend over an area of a few square feet, and may not inaptly be compared to the hissing of the gases from beer in barrels in a state of fermentation removing the vent pegs, supposing that from a dozen to a score were removed simul taneously. The question naturally arises, 'what caused this rushing air?'" Unquestionably the matter is one which calls for serious investigation. At first the | proximity of the schoolhouse to the telegraph line suggests that the schoolmaster with his pupils might have been at his post, giving lessons in electro-boyology. Then in the next place the statement that the sound reminded the listeners of beer is an admission that they were not teetotallers, and that perhaps they had been calling spirits from the vasty deep when they were startled by the rushing noise underneath their feet. At all events the subject is full of mystery. The writer of the letter thinks that the noise might have been caused by a mineral deposit evolving gas, in which case a strict enquiry might lean to the dis covery of a new copper mine; whilst in the matter of the gas itself there is no knowing what advantages the discovery may not give to the Company which is being established for lighting the country towns of the colony. This aidventure at Melrose, at all events, fully confirms the words of Sir Walter Scott in the Lay of the Last Minstrel"— " If thou would'st view fair Melrose aright, Go visit it by the pale moonlight." All work and no pay makes Jack a doll boy, is the complaint of Mr. Bright at the Central Bo ad Board. He therefore says with the poet (the bard of Bundle- street)— O the heart that leaps up for the land of his birth Is a heart that is fitted for guns and for swords; But O what is the time of the patriot worth; - When he rides on the highways and sits on .the; Boards? There is fame and there's honour, but why should you trouble Thegoodmenof to-day with such trifling and play For the one is a shadow—the other a bubble,~ . ' And there's nothing that's solid but pudding . and pay. But. the; Commissioners of the" Central Boad- Board are right not to work andtravel j t&Qbt; for nothing. Otherwise, where would 1 the matter end ? I see, for instance, that one firm of coach proprietors " beg to inform the Northern settlers and gentlemen pro ceeding to the Northern Territory that they have taken the mail contract from Koormga to Blinman via Melrose and Kanyaka." "Why, Government officials will be expected to go and inspect public works at the Gulf of Carpentaria by-and-by. A correspondent in the South, who wrote a little while ago abont the pigs, now says:— " Your insertion of poor piggie's grant gave much satisfaction and amusement, besides doing goodand then he brings forward a. complaint abont shoemakers. He says:—• "Can you inform one who has lone sought to snow why we in the country should be made to pay so much more for our boots and shoes than those in town ? Is it because the shoemakers get their house-rent and firing cheaper, and their wider for nothing, or what can it bet With the present . state of things, how is it possible for those with large families to keep their little ones' feet welt clad? Before the diggings we could get one shoes made and brought 10 miles for 12s. (women's), and - 15s. (men's), with three months' credit But now we are made to pay horn 16s. to I8s., and often for - inferior work and leather, whilst the shoemakers, too. live close at hand." In a difficult matter like the foregoing— involving questions of the men's sole and the femme sole—I should certainly advise the correspondent to consult a lawyer; unless, indeed, he can see his way clear to the giving of measure for measure by making the shoemakers pay doable price for their wheat, taters, and tnrmnts. That calm "judicial tone," which Mr. Michie, of Victoria, is so anxious to see cultivated in the colonial Press, is, I am glad to see, already fully adopted in the cor respondence of the WaUaroo Times, where, amongst other just and moderate criticisms, there is one which describes " Candid," of the Register, as a writer who " inflicts every week upon the readers of that paper a burden of poetry and puns—the poetry of a quality inferior to the worst of that which is retailed about the streets of London at three yards a penny; the puns, the few that are good, unblushingly cribbed from repu table authors; whilst the remainder are "Candid's" own unmitigated trash." How truthful and honest a criticism, and at the same time how temperate and courteous! It really deserves to be quoted, if only as a curiosity of literature. Besides, it is noticeable as one of a class of compli mentary notices for which the Wallaroo | Press is the chosen and favoured vehicle. To show that plain speaking is not yet forgotten in the pulpit, a correspondent sends the following verbatim note of a primitive appeal which a minister near Adelaide made to the congregation in the coarse of his ser mon the Sunday before last:—" This is the day appointed for the quarterly collection, when the friends will wait upon you for your contributions. To- morrow is the quarterly meeting, when I shall expect to receive my 'tin' (sicJ. If you take a load of wheat to market you expect to get a cheque for it, and as I work for you I shall expect my ' tin' to-morrow." Assisted by this kind of tin tinabulation, "the dram ecclesiastic", ought to be made to produce a very satisfactory kind of music. General remark has been made that at the recent Criminal Sittings the Crown Solicitor was blessed with an unusually large number of acquittals. But I suppose he is not so tender-hearted as to be glad to see criminals escape. At all events, Allen was found guilty, and perhaps it was because so many other prisoners had got off that be came in for more than a full share of punishment. 