THE GYMPIE GREEK RUSH. TO THE EDITOR OP TUB EUFIUE. Sir,-At tho request o£ a groat many minors now Sn Queensland, and also of somo in Sydnoy, I desire to maka known publioly somo very griovous facts of what is really a most disastrous rush to tho mining popu- lation, net only of Kew South Wales, but also of Vio 1 ¿orla and Kow Zealand. I can assure tho Press of Kow South Wales, that amongst tho hundreds of mon I mot in Queensland, all on Uroly exonerated tho Press .from any shara in bringing about filis doplorablo rush. It happens that fabulous storios have spread far and wido from sololy - private information, and tho majer part I of that information has boon sent most j unthinkingly and recklessly ; in foot, some I remon- strated with for having sont suoh letters, said thoy wore vory sorry for so doing. Without going into needless, detail I will glvo you tho gist of tho rush os it now is and has boon. It has in tho first place boon a vory good xueh for about six hundred or oight hundred minor», not moro. Sooondly, many vory good olaims wore easily obtained, but tho results most absurdly oxaggorated. Thirdly, thoro has boon, and is hoing worked at this prosont timo, a largo quantity of wages ground only, and many hundreds working for tuakor, and waiting, as Micawbor soys "for something to turn up." Nothing now has been found for tho last ten weeks. Thoro aro about nino different gulliosand patohos'in working, but very patchy indeed, and really good patches aro vory fow. Tho vory claim tho big nnpgot was obtained in often cliangod hands, nndnovor Çaid anything, snvo and excepting tho nugget 'ho noxt foaturo is tho roofs. Kow asl do not pre- tend to boa first rate authority on this point,although, os many who know mo aro aware I havo had gcod expe- rience onlt, yet, from the features of tho roofs, 1 havo no faith in them as either rich or lasting, and certainly tho most'gold I saw whilst thoro was what is practi- cally termed face gold, not doubting 'nt tho samo timo that patches of loose gold will bo found in them, and no doubt small leodora, to pay in somo instances vory well. I ad visa no man, it is against my principio in mining; but most certainly do I wish that ovory 1 man in Kow South Wales-moro especially ovory family man-doing a small steady thing on this sido, will stay whoro thoy aro. I can assure thom there aro hundreds by hundreds who would gladly como hack .had thoy tho money to fetch thom, and hundreds of othors hungry, without tho ghost of a shanco of any employment, and tho squatters baok from tho diggings will got their little jobs dona now for next to nothing, as no man will starvo if ho can help lt I came baok by tho way of Brisbano, and learnt from' roliabla authority that tho baok tracks and main roads aro yet Unod with travellers to Gympie. Tho only thing I havo to say to Queensland, as a gold-field, is this, to any party of mon who cnn afford £80' ooah for three months, woll and good-thoy chanco something to raako bettor: but any man with slender means is a fiat for his pains. Tho Queensland pooplo aromad with dolight nt tho idea of sixty thousand minors going ovor there. ' I say. God forbid it; and lastly, follow-minore, pauso oro you jump. Sub- scribing mysolf faithfully, ADOLPHUS NODULE. Sydney, March 0. Bonooon or WATERLOO.-A meelina of tb o Council was teld on Wednesday Ult. Present-The Mayor (Alderman William Moon), Aldormon Gibson, Geddes, Goldt'rich, Mears, Marland, Thomas Moon, Wilcox, and Wiltoo. The minutes of tho last meeting wert read and confirmed. A lotter nae read from tho oounoll clert, Redfern, and another from Mr. Otorgo Ki tl ion, respecting Boundary.atreet. Both letters wei« referred to the Improvement committee. Taro letters from the Impeotorof nniiancea, one from Mr. G. Sweenoy, and one from Mr. A. Reid, were alto read with reference to an alleged nulaacce oa.the Çremises of the latter. Alderman Gibson moved - 'bat proceedinga bi taken againat Mr. Reid. Aldtrman Geddes esconded the motion, which waa put and carried. Alderman Wlloor, as ohalrman of (be finance conj, mitteo, presented a report, hïid moved that lt be reoeived. Alderman Goldfinch aeonded the motion. Carried, Alderman Wilcox, aa ohalrman of tho finance committee, presented a report of the r.nnuil ««'¡mito and rate In accordance with section 101 of tbe Mun lol. politics Aot of 1807, recommending a rate of one shilling in the pOMnd, and moved that it bs reoslved. Alderman Goldfinch shrouded tho motion. Alderman Wilcox, as ohalrman of the fiaanoe committee, presented accounts which amonntod to £38 8J. dd., and rooted that they ba paid, Ald.rmat Gcldfir.oh aeoondod the motion. Carried, Alderman Marland mered-That in futuro all minutos of thia Connoll be tubllahod In the Herald and Empire. Aldtrman Gibeon aooonded the motion, Garrltd. Alderman Wi'aon moved That the monthly meotlng of this Connell bo held on the first Wtdneaday in eaeb mon.b. Alderman Wilcox seconded the motion. Alderman Glbsou moved . as aa omondment-That the moctlnas take place as uool onoo a fortnight, Aiurrmin mariana seoonueu me nmonaoaenr, wuion WM carried. Alderman Wilcox miivoi- That tho re port and oatimato of the flnanoe committee received this evening bo now adopted. Alderman Goldfinch aeoondod tho motion. Carried, Alderman Wilcox moved-That tondera bo 'invited from two competent poisons to mako au assessment of all ratcablo property, as required bylaw. Alderman aleara seconded tho motion. Carried. ' Alderman Wilcox, moved-That' the oounoll now appoint from 6 to 8 o'elook p.m. a« ho ofHoe tours, in Ilea bf from S to 7 o'olrck p.m. Alderman Thomas Hoon seoonded the motl.n, whiob wai put »nd oarrlcd. Alderman Wiloox moves'-1 bat tho Mayor, by tte advieo of this ooanoll, proceed with- out di lay to recover all rates in arrear. Alderman Meara sroonled the motion. Carried. Several lotte's nero read and considered In the course of the meeting, relnt'ng lo tho business of tbo municipality, > Bonouou < » TUB Gr.BBE.-A meeting of tho connell waa bold on Noodoy, tho Sod > instant. Present-Tho Mayor. Aldermen Chapman, Simpson, Harwood, Mans Hold, > Thornley, Blaoket, Monro, and Brown. The minutes of tho previous meeting > having been confirmed, the roports of the finança committee, showing an ex- > penditure since tte last meeting of £i02 los, Gd. wore brought up by tho > Mayor, and adopted on the motion of Adj m.n Chapman, stoond.d by Aldermaa > Thorn* ley. The oirreapondeuce was then ? lead. It was moved by Alderman > Mansfield-That the main Glebe read bo formed and raotalltd, fron Foray tb-s > tr est lo tbonoith side of Egllnton-plnco, Seconded by Alder- man Chapman, > Alderman Blmpson moved, aa an araendmeut-Tb at tin matter be referred to tho > im- provement comm tte« for report, and estimate of the probable expenso, > Becondod by Alderman Blaoket, and o rrlsd. Tba oounoll then proceeded to > make an est! nate of the sum of money whloh will be required daring the > currant municipal jaar, to oarry on the work» pf tb« borough | »nd It na* > moved by Alderman DUo'íot-Tb»t tho mm of £2500 be the estimad d nin.if.nt rcijuiioi), la at dillon to any tolla, ratea, or duet lotrled within tho borough. Sooondetl by Alderman OJionmnn, and carried, Mored by Aide'man D'nrket -That a rate of la, In tbe£ bo levied upon all th» rateable property iritbin tho borough of tho Glebe, in older to rabo a revenoo ta be Bp lied to the purposes et forth In tho lG4lh section of the Minlel pslitlea Act. ScoonJtd by Alderman Harwood, and carried Moved by Alderman Mansfield-That a lighting rate of 2d. In tho £ bo levied noon all tho rateable prop-rty within tho borough of tba Glebe. Eeoonded by Alderman Brown. Amendment nmed by Alderman Harwood-That the lighting rate be ld. In the £, Seconded by Alderman Thornley, put and negatived. The original motton waB cai ried. Movod by Alderman Harwood-Tbat tenders be called for tho asaeaiment of all tho nteable properties in the borough of the Glebe. Seoonded by Alderman Brown, and oarrled. Moved by Aldermai Horwood-That tenders bo invited for oirtage, at per day, for horse, oart, and man. Seeondod by Alderman Simpson, and carried. Movod by Alderman Mansfle'd- That tho rate of wages for labourera be Ci per day. Seoonded by Alderman Munro. Amendment mived by Aiders man Blmpaoo-That a rcdaotion ot 10 par cent. ba. made upon tho whole of tho exponeos of tho'connoll. Sooondcd by Aldorman Thornley, Amendment moved' by AUormon Brown -That the question atand over for future contideratlon. Seconded by Aldorman Blacket, and oarrled. Moved by Alderman Mansfield-That-. Mr, Walter Scott bo appointed to aot as auditor during tbo absence of Mr. Mao<fee. Seoonded by Alder«, man Munro, and carried, Mored by Aldorman Thornley, that the Mayor be empowered lo make arrangements with lbs Iospeotor-Gcneral of Police for aoanatable to aot aa inspeotor of nuiaanoes, Seconded , by Alderman Mansfield, and carried. Resolved That In the event of the wish of the oounoll being; acceded to, that a month's notloo bo given to the praaont inapootor. Moved by Alderman Harwood- _ That tbe sum of £50 be voted to bo expended in giving . a reooptlon to II. R. H. the Dake of Edinburgh on the ' occasion of h ia laying tho foondation-atooo sf St* John's Ohurob, on condition that an equal asm be Con* tributed by tho Government. Sioinded by Alderman Simpson, and oarrled) ' The Mayor informed the alder« men present that he had reoeived a letter (rom the Ooloo lal Secretary, slating that the Government eonld not give any money to ba expended on the ocoaalon of tho visit of his Korol Highness to tbo Glebe ; and . that a speoial meeting had . therefore been called to take tbo matter iato consideration, GOD «nd love are everywhere ; In light, in colour», . In flowers, in tho beauty of man, in tho happiness, of animals, in the human mind, in the endleaa spheres1, aa tho sun shines on all, alike yoi differently, and Ismajeatioon tho ocean, sparkling in a dewdrop, raddy on the ripe fruit, silver on tho stream, many-., coloared in tho rainbow, and pale and tremolóos In tho moon. ' . " What's o'oloekI" inquired a traveller. " Next lo . nothing," answered his oompanion with great oonfl- . dence.-" What do you mean 1" asked the traveller. " Not quite one, and it follows in ooaree that what isn't . one is next to nothing." <; \ 