ST. MARK'S CHURCH, WARWICK. CEREMONY OF LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE This interesting ceremony took place on Thursday last, at eleven o'clock, and was performed by Bishop Tufnell. There were also present the Venerable Arch- deacon Glennie, the Rev. G. G. Danvers, and the Rev. Joshua Jones—clergymen connected with the church. The weather being fine, a pretty nume- rous assemblage was present to witness the ceremony. At a few minutes' past 11 o'clock, the procession issued from St. Mark's school-room in the following order:—Churchwarden Spreadborough, choir (singing the,"Te Deum "), clergy, the Lord Bishop being last. The proces- sion passed round the new building, and on reaching the south wall of the west nave (which is only a few feet above the ground, and where the foundation stone was to be laid), the choir formed into two lines, the clergy and bishop passing up the centre to the stone. The Bishop then commenced the services by reading a number of prayers suitable to the occa- sion. The Ven. Archdeacon Glennie then read a pasage of scripture from 1st Chronicles, xxix chap., 10th to 20th verses. The choir afterwards chanted the 84th Psalm, and then the Ven. Archdeacon placed in the cavity of the stone a sealed bottle, containing a neatly engrossed re cord on parchment, which ran as follows: —" The foundation stone of St. Mark's Church, Warwick, was laid by the Lord Bishop of the Diocese, on the 10th of March, 1868, in the thirty- first year of the reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, Maurice Charles O'Connell, Esquire, being the officer administering the Government of Queensland, and President of the Le gislative Council; Edward Wyndham Tufnell, D.D., of Wadham College, Ox ford, Lord Bishop of Brisbane; Benjamin Glennie, B. A., of Christ's College, Cam bridge, Archdeacon of Brisbane, and incumbent of St. Mark's; George Gibberne Danvers and Joshua Jones, both of St. Augustine's College, Canterbury, curates, William Spread- borough, William Brown, and George Clark, churchwardens; R. George Suter, M.A., Cambridge, architect; John M'Cul loch, mason, and Samuel Marshal, car- penter, builders; James Morgan, Mayor of Warwick; William Warren, town clerk." The bottle slap contained a com- plete assortment of current, coins of tbe realm, from a sovereign to a farthing, and a copy of both local newspapers, two photographs of the building in its present state, the Churchman's Almanac for 1868, and reports of the proceedings, of the Church Conference at Brisbane. The lime having been prepared, a trowel was handed to his Lordship, who gave the lime a few touches, and the stone was lowered to its place, his Lordship finally striking it with a mallet. The Bishop then declared the stone to be well and truly laid, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. As we before stated, the stone is placed in the south wall of the west nave, this portion of the building not being intended to be erected for the present. It rises from the ground to a height of 2 feel 6 inches, the width being 2 feet 6 inches, and the length 8 feet. The following in scription is out on the exterior surface of the stone: IN THE NAME OF THE BLESSED AND UNDIVIDED TRINITY, THIS STONE WAS LAID, MARCH 19, A.D., 1868, BY THE LORD BISHOP OF THE DIOCESE, IN DEDICATION OF THE CHURCH TO SAINT MARK. After the stone was laid, the Bishop read a few more prayers, and the choir sang in first-rate harmony the hymn com mencing " Christ is made the sure foun dation." A large proportion of those pre sent then came forward, at the invitation of the Ven. Archdeacon, and placed their offerings on the stone, the amount thus collected being close on £30. The Lord Bishop afterwards delivered a very appropriate address, stating that it was very probable that were many present who remembered leaving their land, and who afterwards recalled to memory the venerable walls of the church in which they worshipped the God of their fathers and which was surrounded by so many endearing associations, and also the venerable churchyard which covered the dead. As their forefathers worked for them who were to come after them, so those whom be addressed were now working for generations yet unborn. He prayed that no accident might befal those workmen who were engaged in the erection of tbe building, and that they might perform their duties in a spirit in accordance with the sacred work in which they were engaged. His Lordship also asked a blessing upon those who had offered their subscriptions towards the erection of the sacred edifice, and he hoped there were none who might not feel that they had a stone or a portion of lime which formed a part of tbe building. There were three functions attaching to his position as a bishop of the Church namely, ordination, consecration, and con firmation. These were the three special offices which be was called upon to fulfil, and he prayed that the church, the foun dation-stone of which had been laid that day, would be dedicated to God only, and that by the ceremony of consecration it would be solely set apart to His service. It was necessary that the building should be free from debt ere the ceremony of consecration could be performed. Accord ing to the rules of the Church a Bishop could not consecrate a church to the ser vice of God on which any man had a pecuniary claim, and that was the reason. that so few churches were consecrated As they bad set such a good example in this district, he hoped they might be enabled to carry on to the end what they had so well begun. It was God's acre, and in it He would sow His own seed and reap His own harvest. There was one thing which he wished to see done, and that was the consecration of that portion of the Warwick burial ground which had been set apart for the use of the Church of England. In England such a ceremony was held in high estimation, and why should they be content to bury their dead in mother earth which had not been con secrated for that purpose? He hoped that arrangements would be made to have the burial ground consecrated at the same time that a similar ceremony was per formed in the church when completed. In conclusion, his Lordship hoped that that would be a day long remembered, and that blessings untold would arise to those who might come after then. He desired that God's blessing might rest upon all who had been or were to be employed in the erection of the building, and upon the work itself. His Lordship then pro nounced the Benediction, and the singing of the 100th Psalmn concluded the pro ceedings. A description of the new church was given in a late issue of the Argus, so that it is unnecessary to repeat it here. The roofing will be commenced immediately by the contractor, Mr. S. Marshal, and will be of open timber work, and the build ing will be surmounted by a spire reach ing to the height of 73ft feet. We cannot conclude this notice with out congratulating the contractor for the masonry. Mr. J. M'Culloch, on the sub stantial appearance of the work and the speed with which it has been carried on. Notwithstanding the modification of the original plan, which limited the work on the building, a noble-looking structure has arisen from the quarry, and is not only a credit to the Church of England body, but an ornament to the town. 