ENGLAND AT WAR IN ABYSSINIA. Sir John Pakington, at the Mancher- ter banquet to the Earl of Derby and her Majesty's Ministers, observed with refer- ence to the Abyssinian expedition, that it had been undertaken by Government with the greatest reluctance and regret. The country feels the same regret, and would have been more satisfied if the reluctance professed on the part of her Majesty's advisers, had resulted in a pacific course of dealing with the sable Sovereign for the release of the British subjects and others whom he holds in captivity. Sir John Pakington is quite right in decid- ing that it would not accord with the national character or the public desire " to abandon the diplomatic servants of the Crown;" but it is not clear that actual warfare was necessary to accom- plish their liberation. Another Cabinet Minister, Sir Stafford Northcote, Secre- tary of State for India, at a local festival a few days ago, entered more largely than his colleague had done into the Abys- sinian question, and expressed a great deal of confidence in the completeness of the arrangements, which had been made, the result of extraordinary alacrity and zeal in the departments whose services had been called into requisition. He good-humouredly referred to an assumed disposition of the " newspapers," especi- ally at this season of the year, " to find fault, and to admit letters of complaint from all sorts of persons who are pre- pared to say this, that, and the other, is extremely ill- managed;" and although nobody denies the courage of British soldiers, " it is a common thing to say when we attempt an expedition of this sort that the organisation of the army is extremely bad, and that the Government always makes a muddle of everything they at- tempt." Unhappiiy the newspapers have had ample cause for fault-finding upon the occasions referred to ; and it was well for the country that there are news- papers to discover and proclaim their shortcomings, the blunders and defici- encies of ignorant and incompetent offi- cials, which but for such disclosures would have eventuated in worse disasters than what really occurred. All this we are led to believe is changed. Every- thing is now so well managed that fault- finding will be impossible ! "The Ad- miralty, the War Office, the Horse Guards, the Indian Government have all been working together in the most cor- dial manner," and when the whole of the preparations come to be tested, and when all the steps that have been taken come to be critically examined, it will be found (the Secretary for War tells us) that there has been a great rapidity and great harmony in our work, and as little confusion and as little jealousy or cross working as has ever occurred in fitting out any expedition that has left the shores of this country." This may be satisfac- tory as far as it goes; but painful recollec- tions of the Crimean expedition inspire a desire for stronger assurances than the Secretary for India affords. Moreover, some ambiguity exists with reference to the responsibility of the commander of the expedition, in Sir Stafford Northcote's speech. There is, happily, a concurrence of opinion with respect to the merits of Sir Robert Napier, " an officer of great experience, who under every circumstance in "which he has been placed, has done his work extremely well." The gallant officer has been employed in China, India, Persia, and other places, and has everywhere distinguished himself, not only as a soldier, but as a statesman; so that a better appointment could not perhaps have been made. But the Secretary for India seems to have conceived the singu- lar opinion that having whipped up the departments to unusual alacrity and work deserving of admiration, and then placed this eminent general in command, the work of Government is done, and, its members may pursue the sports of the field or otherwise enjoy themselves during the vacation without troubling themselves much about how matters are going on in Abyssinia. " Having selected an officer," he remarked' " we support him, and leave him as far as possible to act for himself. We give him whatever he demands as far as possible. We have also left him free from suggestions or assistance from this side ; therefore, if you see reports in the newspapers and criticism of hostile speakers, who say that we are doing things which are not required—though I believe that our plans, when they come to be tested, will be found equal to the occasion—you will remember that we are not taking the initiative, but are acting on the demands of a soldier to whose conduct we have confided the expedition." We should be sorry to find the whole responsibility of future proceedings thrown upon the gal- lant general ; and yet it is possible for such an inference to be drawn from the above words. It is right not to subject Sir R. Napier's operations to revision in Downing-street, but to leave him free to act according to the best of his judgment under circumstances as they arise ; but the responsibility of the expedition must rest with those by whom it is undertaken ; and it is Her Majesty's Ministers that will be accountable to the nation for any misfortune that may befal it. We understand that the number of per- sons held in captivity by King Theodore is 62, including women and children, many of these, however, are not British subjects, but Germans. "At Magdala are confined Mr. Ras- sam, her Majesty's envoy, Ottoman ; Dr. Blane, physician, English ; Lieutenant Prideaux, assistant, English ; Captain Cameron, her Majesty's consul for Abys- sinia ; Mr. Kerens, secretary to Captain Cameron, English ; Mr. M'Kilvie, ser- vant to Captain Cameron, English ; Pie- tro, servant, Italian ; Rev. B. A. Stern, missionary, German ; and Mr. Rosenthal, lay missionary, German. At Debra Tabar there are Rev. M. Flad, wife and children, missionary; Rev. Mr. Bender, wife and children, missionary ; Mr. Wald- maier, wife and children, lay missionary ; Mr. Saalsmuller, wife and children, lay missionary; Mr. Mayer, wife and child- ren, lay missionary ; Mr. Stieger and Mr. Brandeis, lay missionaries ; Mr. Schiller and Mr. Essler, adventurers, all German ; Herr Moritz, adventurer, Pol- ish ; M. Makerer, adventurer, French ; M. Bourguad, gunsmith, French; Mrs. Kiensle and, wife of a deceased mission- ary, German; and Mrs. Rosenthal and child, wife of Mr. Rosenthal, English." The King of Prussia allows the Ger- mans to remain in confinement without moving a hand for their rescue, and yet the enthusiasm of German missionaries may have had a great deal to do in pro- voking the anger of Theodore. A ques- tion might be properly asked in the next session of Parliament if Lord Stanley has invited the Prussian Sovereign to co- pperate in the attempt to effect the liber- ation of the captives. The establishment of a British con- sulate at Massowah appeared to have priginated in a belief to which Earl Rus- sell was led, that large supplies of cotton could be exported from the King of Abys- sinia's dominions, cotton being at the time much needed in England. The King suspected that British subjects were favoring his enemies the Turks; and whether or not the best possible means of disabusing his mind were adopted, he threw in his fury those persons into prison, where they have remained ever since. This, as Sir Stafford Northcote says, is " contrary to the law of nations ;" but who could expect a semi-savage monarch to comprehend and respect the laws of civilisation ? Every one will agree with the Indian Secretary that it is the duty of this country to take such measures as may be necessary to effect the liberation of the captives, and now that the expedition is in action we can have but one wish for its success ; but we remain of opinion that friendly manifest- ation, backed with rich gifts, would have been more likely of success than the violent measures Lord Derby's Govern- ment have resolved upon. Theodore is so notoriously a faith- breaker that we admit his prisoners could not consider themselves safe until they were entirely out of his reach. He once announced a fair intention to give them up, and, indeed, their release was dis- tinctly stated to have taken place in a letter to Queen Victoria by the black king, on the 29th January, 1866, com- mencing thus :—" In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy, Ghost, one God, Amen. From the ser- vant of our Lord and His created being the son of David, the son of Solomon, the King of Kings (of Ethiopia), Theodoras. To her whom God has exalted above all sovereigns and glorified above all princes and peoples, and made the defender of the Christian faith and the succour of the poor and oppressed, Victoria, Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland ;" and in this letter the King said, " We now send with Hormuzd Rassam, Cameron and all the other Europeans about whom your Majesty has written." Here some readers may think an appear- ance is perceptible of missionaries' work ; they have pleased and instructed Theo- dore in forms and expressions, but of the truths of the Christian religion we fear he knows but little, and cares for less. On the 13th of April, 1866, the captives were to have been liberated, and, indeed, they were allowed to make a two days' journey towards freedom, when they were stopped by order of the King, who professed an earnest desire to be reconciled to them before their departure from his country ; and he has manifested the sincerity of that desire by keeping them ever since in con- finement. The subject does not appear to have been intelligently managed in England. All that has been done has increased the exasperation of the Abyssinian potentate. His vanity, however, was inflated by nego- tiations for a commercial treaty, and he feels the humiliation of indifference and neglect. Having been led to consider himself of importance he tries to vindicate that belief by keeping subjects of the great British Queen jn captivity. By the course hitherto adopted by our Government," says the author of a recent work on Abyssinia, we have in the eyes of the ignorant multitudes of Oriental nations lost a good deal of our prestige. The hajjis who congregate from all parts of the East to the holy city of Mecca, have learned on arriving at the confines of the Red Sea that Theodore has now for four years held subjects of Queen Victoria in chains. " From Jeddah to the wall of China, and from Cape Guardafui to the Gold Coast, the fact is notorious, and is the subject of remark in the khan of the Tartar and at the 'palaver' of the negro. And if this state of things were permitted to continue the nations of India would soon learn to throw off their allegiance." This would be a melancholy state of things to correct, and the possibility of its occurrence warrants Government in taking steps for its prevention : but they have committed the blunder of going to war for an object which was attainable by peace. At any rate pacific overtures ought to have been exhausted before warfare in an unknown country was resorted to. Theodore having been well- disposed towards us might, under judi- cious treatment, have become friendly again. His pride has been hurt by neglect, but the wound might have been healed by a dignified concession of com- pliments, and an amount of gifts equal to his barbaric Majesty's desires. We are now committed however to a war in Abyssinia, and can only cherish a hope that we may come out of it satisfactorily. HOLLOWAY'S PILLS.—Enfeebled Existence. This mediciue embraces eveiy attribute required in a general and domestic remedy. It over- turns the foundations of disease laid either by the overstraining of the brain, trouble, anxiety, defective food, or impure air. In obstructions or congestions of the liver, lungs, bowels, or any other organ, these pills are especially serviceable and eminently successful. They should be kept in readiness in every family, as they are a medicine without a fault for young persons and those of feeble constitutions. They never cause pain, or irritate the most sensitive nerves, or most tender bowels. Holloway's Pills are the best known purifiers of the blood and the best promoters of absorption and secre- tion, which remove all poisonous and obnoxious particles to both solids and fluids. 