If ^1ECTOEEJDN8LEEP» n ., D On the evening of. Tuesday last, a deeply ? Interesting and highly instructive lecture was I delivered in the Raymond Terrace School of I Arts, by Dr. J. Ashley, of that town. There I -was a good attendance, and the doctor was I listened to with marked attention throughout ? The lecturer, on coming forward Bald, the ? enbiecthe had chosen was a difficult one to compose a popular lecture upon, and if he did not cause his hearers to give a practical illus tration of sleep in their own persons before lie had finished, he should be well satisfied. Objects of study might be arranged under two great divisions, one consisting of those which must be sought in a wide investigation of ex ternal nature, the other of such, as were at all times, and in all .places, within men's reach. The former were spread as far as our bodies or our senses, aiaea or unaiaea, coma extena ; the latter every one carried about with them. The subject chosen (sleep), belonged in some measure to both these departments of inquiry, for our knowledge of it was in part derived from' our own experience, and in part from our observation of it in other beings. To know something of that condition in which every human being spent one-third of his life, was not an unworthy enquiry. And yet the thought might at first occur to them — 'What can be better known than sleep, a thing of which we have all of us common experience.' But simple and obvious as it might appear to some, they would find th'at the more they in vestigated it Due more wouia 10 00 proaucuve of topics for interesting and curious specula tion; and of questions not very easilyanswered. What was sleep.) If they attempted to define' It in positive terms they would find themselves insensibly wandering among those metaphori cal descriptions familiar to them in the pages of the poets, instead of giving an accurate account of its phenomena, for it was, in fact, a negative state of the living body, and could only be correctly represented by the enumeration of various actions which were wanting in that condition, and the presence, of which rendered a person awake. To slecp^orfectly was pot to see. not to hear, not to. smell, not to taste, not to touch, not to move,— in Bhort, not to exercise one of the faculties which characterise a human being, or even an animal. Well might nleep be called 'The image of death,' \- Death's brother f bo like death said Sir T. Brown, solemnly, that he dared not trust it without his prayers. So, too, it was described by Homer — Thon gentle slumber on hia eyelids fell, That aloop, iweot deep, which death resembles well. In the human body there were two great classes of vital actions. Qne of these embraced all that belonged to the functions of nutrition, and were, analogous to what was observed in the' vegetable kingdom, and were called the vegetable or organic kingdom. The other great ' group comprised sensation, thought, and volun :? ' tary motion, and were called the gnimal func tions. The former'was called tho vegetable '-. life of the human body, and the latter * the animal life, called also the life of relations.' In the waking' state] Botry these lives co-existed,- and rendered eacn other-mutual service. But what was the case in sleep 1 It was found that the'supei added functions which constituted the animal life, were withdrawn, and the body for the time was reduced to the condition of a vegetable. They were suspended but not extinguished j but there were states in which the extinction of the animal life had taken place, and yet the 1 organio life continued for a while ; as, for ex ample, in certain kinds of fatal stupor, like that produced by a poisonous dose of opium. Ordinary slumber then, consisted in temporary cessation of the action of the voluntary mus cles and their nervous connections, and of the senses. (A descriptive song, entitled 'The , Fairy Tempter,' was here sung.) The lec turer, on resuming his remarks, took up the second division of his subject, viz., che state of the body, during sleep. ; During sleep the feaj tares were ruuuwuj auu bauu jhcu a j«weivt-iit!s» void of expression; the eyelids were closed ,'? more or less completely, and the eyeballs were rolled upwards, so that if the eyelids were not completely closed, they were not fully exposed . to the light The ears were defended from : hearing by a ielaxation of the muscles which' ? - ( keeps the drum of the. ear on the stretch. * Odorous panicles were carried to the nerve of ' smell, but not with sufficient force to be per . *%.; ceived, there being no voluntary effort. Taste ' was not excited, partly because no substance was presented, aiid partly because the tongue was not pressed against the palate. The sense of touch had no stimulus. applied to it We were generally made aware that a person slept .by his insensibility to sounds, for the mere shutting of the eye was obviously equivocal. If the slumber wasi light, the slightest touch awakened the sleeper, an impression far lighter even than that made by hifl'aresa. This was owing to fhe novelty of the impression which ' always increased its effect, and the cessation too of an impression^ that was present at the time of falling asleep, ? might cause him to awake. , Thus, a person who slept while another ?read from a .book, , often started when the reader paused, because it was tantamount to a new impression. The finger might be so ac customed to the pressure of a ring as to become unheeded, but lei it be removed, and the wearer was immediately reminded of its ab sence by the new feeling of the part As the slumber became more profound, the eye, the ear, I and the skin became less 'impressible.; ' The lecturer proceeded to describe the ^ way in which the voluntary muscles became relaxed during sleep, and touched also on the effect produced on the organs of respiration. After another descriptive song, entitled 'Jessie's ;. . dream,' the doctor went on to remark that \- , the beatings of the heart were leas frequent in sleep than in the waking state, one reason for the. limbs. Another fact worthy of notice, as regards the organic life in sleep, was that the . body was more easily affected by the cold. This was caused because the animal calaric was found in greater quantity in proportion as the respiration and circulation were more active. ' Digestion and perspiration went on with more activity during sleep. There were provisions for excluding some of the agents which excited the organs of sense ; thpa the! eye was curtained by its -drooping lids, and the muscle which put the 'drum of the ear on the stretch was lelaxed, but all external causes might be removed, except the contact of clothing with the skin, or the impression on the part of the body which is reclining—, and yet sleep might be absent And on the' other hand, the most vivid and violent impres sions might be made on the organs of sense without interfering with the accession, or in ,. terrupting the course of sleep. The weary gunner waa often known to sleep by the Bide of the roaring cannon, and; the jaded sailor dropped asleep . Upon fhe high and giddy mait, In cradle of the rude imperious surge. And many an overworn citizen dozed before the blaze of. a furnace, or' the' glare of gas lamps. There was something more than the cessation of. external impressions, and more than mere muscular inaction. The suscepti bility of impressions — that was the sensibility, was paralysed and the will ceased to act. The degree to which the sensibility was suspended was often wonderfully slight, for notwithstand ing the individual slept, one tay of light falling on the closed' eyelids — one faintest foot-fall frequently aroused him. All this might be observed in others, or even in the lower nriimaia. He would now turn to the state of the mind, that which was either felt by our selves, or communicated by others. All ob jects by which we were surrounded, and which we perceived by the senses, might be said to be composed of our sensations, for in giving an account of an object, we were only able to relate the sensations which it had produced, though we instinctively believed that the exist ence of these objects (the causes of our sensa tions) was independent of our own existence. When the objects which caused the sensations were no longer present, 'they might be re membered; by which was meant that the sensations might return to our minds. But how did we distinguish these remembered sensations, from those which were immediately produced by present objects 1 In no way that he (the lecturer) was aware of than by their comparative faintness. A friend present, to our sight, produced an image more vivid than any we could at any time call up by an act of memory. Let them think what confusion would arise if remembered sensations and present sensations were of equal vividness. The person presented to our view produced an im pression on the nerve of the eye which was carried to the brain, and there produced an impression far more vivid than that of a person whom we had once known, but who, perhaps,, was no longer living. The latter was per ceived by the mental eye. This was the state of things in health, but disease might alter this relation between present and remembered sensations. The latter might become equally vivid with the former. The person subject to disorder believed persons to be before them, who are not really so ; this was the rationale of apparitions, ghosts, and spectral illusions. And to do away with the objection derived from any other argument as to the reality of spectres, he might remark, that the remem bered perceptions might be not merely ideas of human beings but of the lower animals, and even of inanimate objects, dress for instance, for ghosts were never without drapery. In the disease called delirium tremens it was very common for the patient to see ghosts of rats and mice, and. spectral swords and guns. By bearing in mind the difference in the vividness of perceptions and ideas, they would better understand what took place in sleep. Sensa sations they had seen were suspended, there fore the images in dreaming had no sensations to be contrasted with them and they conse quently gave the complete feeling of reality. (A pianoforte solo was here introduced with excellent effect.) The lecturer, on resuming, said he wished next to remark the different jtendencies to sleep in different animals, and in different individuals of the human species, fishes were known to sleep. Reptiles often slept for very long periods especially serpents. Birds took much shorter periods of repose. If an' animal needed frequent supplies of food its periods of repose would be short, but if a large quantity of food could be laid up in store, the senses and muscular movements could be suspended during its slow digestion, as was the case with serpents. Man, who had a greater power than any animal of accommo dating himself to varying circumstances, had often acquired the habit of long fasts, making large metus and spending a corresponding time in sleep. There were many curious cases on \ record of persons capable of long slumbers. Quin, the celebrated player, said Dr. Macnisb, could slumber for twenty-four hours successively. Elizabeth Owen spent three fourths of her life in sleep. Elizabeth Perkins slept for a week or a fortnight at a time, and Mary Lyall did the same for six successive weeks. In Bowyer's life of Beatice, a curious anecdote was related of Dr. Reid, viz., that he could take as much food and immediately after, as much sleep as were sufficient for two days.' He (the lecturer) could not leave this part of the subject without noticing the face that ani mals gave evidence of dreaming. It was not a mere poetical speculation which led that ac curate observer of the habits of animals, Sir Walter Scott, to say— ? ' The stag hounds weary of the chase, Lay stretched upon the musty floor, And urged in dreams the forest race, From Teviot Stone to Eskdale Moor.' They must all have noticed that dogs growl and snap in their sleep, as if angry, and some times whined or wagged their tails, as if more amiable emotions were playingover their slum bers. (Musical solo.) But return to the con sideration of sleep in man. There were differ ent degrees of sleep, both as a whole and in its separate parts. Thus, the organ of hearing was often sufficiently impressible to convey sensations to the sleeper, which were mingled with the ideas of his dreams, and suggested new scenes often, with the greatest rapidity, so much so that in the short time that elapsed while the noises were occurring, a long period might seem to be occupied by scenes and ac tions, suggested by the dreaming faculties. He .(Dr. A) remembered once, in his sleep, witnessing what he thought. a prolonged storm of thunder and lightning, which he was able afterwards to trace the light of a candle brought suddenly into the dark room where he had fallen asleep, and the noise made in opening a door, the lock of which was never turned without a great deal of grating and rattling. Sensations arising from the skin might pro duce the same effect. The touch or grasp of a person awakening the sleeper, might suggest to his mind images of robbers or enemies with whom he was struggling. A person having a blister applied to his head, fancied he was being scalped by a party of Indians. And a friend of Dr. Macnish's happening to sleep in damp sheets, dreamed that he was dragged through a stream. Some of the most interesting ex amples of the incompleteness of sleep were to be found in the locomotive system. In ordin ary and natural sleep, though we might dream of making great muscular exertion, wo were often lying quite inert But when the sleep was less perfect the muscles through their nervous connections might awake and do the bidding of the mental imagea A friend of his awoke one morning desperately clutching and tugging at the strings of his nightcap. (Laughter.) He had been dreaming that a viper had fastened on : his throat, and he was doing his bost to tear iff away. The most common form of this par tial sleep was sleep-talking, 'in which the mus cles of the voice answered to the ideas. A more inconvenient species of the same thing was the waking of so large a number of mus cles, as to raise the trunk and enable the per son to walk. This was, strictly speaking, somnambulism, or sleep- walking, butthere were many different kinds and degrees of it In the simplest, that to which he had just alluded, the sense of sight being still asleep, the person walked straightforward, unconscious of the impediments in his way, and was often aroused very roughly by coming in contact with ob stacles. In other cases of a more morbid kind, the eyes might be open, objects might be per ceived and avoided in the sleepsrs perambu lations, and yet he might not be' awake, for the images in his mind might be as vivid as those which he derived from present sensa tions; and therefore the unreal was.confounded with the real, as in the case of the ghost seer ; on that in the latter the morbid condition took its start from the waking state instead of from sleep. As an example of the serious consequences of this condition, he might men tion that.he knew of a gentleman who, in this imperfect sleep, got out of bed, walked to a window, opened it, and let himself fall down from threo stories' height, doubtless under the illusion produced by the mixture of the vivid conception of a dream with the actual percep tion of some of the objects around him. As the ghost-seer sees the phantom walking among the living, so the sonambulist, when he opened his window, might have had a beautiful gar den spread before his mental eye, upon which he thought to step out. instead of incurring a dreadful fall, which nearly cost him his life. Sleep might be incomplete from the commence ment in consequence of unfavourable circum stances. Thus, a person might fall asleep on horseback, and yet retain the bridle and pre bervo his equilibrium. The alternation from sleep to waking was curious. Thus by a jolt of the coach, a driver on the box, who was asleep, would awake for an instant, give the whip a languid flourish, and then drop off to sleep again. It was also well-known that per sons had fallen asleep while in the act of walk ing. This fact had been observed in the case of soldiers when making forced marches. (Another musical selection was here introduc ed.) -The progress of waking like that and falling asleep might be sudden or graduul — the latter was perhaps the most natural change. The lecturer described the process of walking, quoting the following lines of Spencer :— ' But his waste words returned to him in vain' So sound he slept that nought might him awake, Thon rudely ho him thrust and push't with pain Whereat he gave a stretch, but he again Shook him so hard that forood him to speak. As one then in a dream whose digit braino Is tos't with troubled sights and fancies weako He mumbled soft but would not all his sibna brcake. But in other cases the transition from sleep to waking was sudden. It might be from a strong desire present, when we fell asleep, to do something important after rising, which desire recurs to the mind immediately on waking. The individual was sometimes un conscious of having slept, when the sleep was light, or the dreams so feeble as not to be re membered. If his sleep has been uneasy or imperfect he often denies that he has slept at all. The fact was he had been in a quick alternating succession of sleeping and waking states ; cne waning impressions ran mm eacn other and gave the idea of uninterrupted con tinuty. Thus ho (the lecturer) remembered once sleeping in the house of a medical friend, whose night-bell rang three times in tho course of the night, and in the morning he could hardly be convinced that there had not been an incessant ringing of bells tho whole night long. People often awoke feeling very weary. This might arise from excess of mental action in dreaming, or from other causes. Afc times it was real langour dependent on the want of nourishment and so removed immediately by food. Some persons sleep more in a given time than others, that is the sleep was more complete, and the refresh ment was consequently more decided. The mental invigoration derived from sleep was sometimes very remarkable j difficulties which puzzled the individual when he fell asleep, were now resolved in an instant In Sir Walter Scott's life it was mentioned, that after composing a great number of verses over night he would sometimes come to a point beyond which he could not advance a step — a refractory rhyme, an entangled plot, or some other poetic stumbling-block. In such cases he used to give the matter up, confidently ex pecting that, on the following morning, he would be able to surmount the obstacle before leaving his couch, an expectation which was scarcely ever disappointed. The lecturer next addressed himself to the consideration of ' double consciousness.' They had seen that the apparatus of speech might awake and act in correspondence with ideas of the dream only, or with those suggested by sounds, the sense of hearing being also awake, and also that the locomotive apparatus might be in action without the sense of vision. This latter ?tate was closelv abutting on the present toDic. The person sees, hears, walks, has, in fact, the ordinary attributes of the waking state, and yet was not awake. He might pass from that condition into ordinary slumber, and then wake up like other people, or the tran sition might be from the morbid condition to the ordinary waking state without intermedi ate sleep. This was double consciousness. Of this state he would adduce two examples. The first was related by Professor Silliman and quoted by Dr. Pritchard. ' A lady of New England, of respectable family, became subject to paroxysms, which came on suddenly, and after continuing a considerable time, went off suddenly, leaving the mind perfectly rational. It often happened that when she was engaged in conversation she could stop short, in the middle of it, and commence oi conversation on some other subject not having the remotest connection with the previous one, nor would she avert to that during the paroxysm. When she became rational again she would pursue the same conversation in which she had been engaged during the lucid interval, beginning where she left off. To such a degree was this carried, that she would complete an unfinished 'story or sentence, or even an un finished word. When the next paroxysms came on she would continue the conversation which she had been pursuing in her preced ing paroxysms, so that she appeared as a person might be supposed to do, who had two souls, each occasionally dormant and occasion ally active, and utterly ignorant of what the other was doing.' The second example waa published by Dr. Dyce, and quoted by Dr. Abercrotnbie. The patient who was a servant girl, was first attacked by fits of somnolency during the day, which came on with a cloudi ness before her eyes, and a pain in her head. In these fits she talked of scenes and trans actions which seemed to be as in a dream, used to follow her occupations, dressed herself and the children of the family, and laid out \- a table correctly for breakfast. Being taken to church during an attack, she behaved pro perly, evidently attended, to and was affected by. the preacher, so as to shed tears. During the attack her eyelids were generally half shut ; her eyes sometimes resembled those of a person affected with amaurosis, that was, with a dilated and insensible state of the pupil, but sometimes they were quite natural ; she had a dull, vacant look, but when excited, knew what was said to her though she often mistook the speaker. It .was observed that she discerned objects which were but faintly illuminated. The paroxysms generally con tinued about an hour, but she could be aroused out of them, and when such was done, she yawned and stretched herself like a person awaking out of sleep. At one time she read a portion of the book which was presented her, and she sung much better than in the waking state.' As' Dr. ? Aborcrombie could find no explanation of this caso, it might seem presumptuous on his (Dr. Ashley's) part to offer one ; nevertheless he would venture on one or two remarks which might tend to elucidate the subject. The healthy waking of the mind was the resumption of the form of consciousness which existedpreviously to sleep; but a man might wake up to the outward world, and that world all changed to him. The ex planation of this was— that all things relati vely to the percipient mind are as they seem, or as the poet had it — 'Nothing is but all things aeon. The individual awoke, but with a new consci ousness. ' In the morbid state of tho brain, ideas have so undue a vivacity and prepon derance, that outward objects were no longer viewed in their former associations. Tfiey were made subordinate and mere appendages as it were to the internal changes. It was a frightful excess of what to a. certain extent was often taking place in healthy but power ful minds, which impress their own individu ality on the external world, from these and like considerations we could better understand tho phenomena of 'double consciousness.' And he could not help remarking in this con nection how extremes meet The sublimest speculations, and even inspirations seemed to lie on the very brink of delirium. In uncivi lized nations the madman had often been vene rated, not merely as one under the stroke of heaven, but also as one having mysterious access to wisdom withheld from the generality of mankind. After another musical variation, the lecturer proceeded with his subject. Of imperfect sleep the simplest form was sleep talking, next sleep-walking, or the minor form of somnambulism. These arose from certain portions of the brain being awake whilst the rest was asleep. In somnambulism proper, in which the person sees and hears, though un der the influence of a dream, a large portion of the brain proper is awake, the whole of the lesser brain and all tho parts of the spinal cord related to it. The only difference be tween this state and the ordinary condition belonged to the psychological actions connect ed with the brain proper, the consideration of which would lead him away into a very diffe rent and difficult science, viz., that of psycho logy. But sleep could be .produced by artifi cial means, such as narcotics, opium, &c.; Pressure, too, when applied to the brain, pro duced somnolency. Thus a man had lost a portion of his skull by an accident, and the brain being .only covered with soft parts, could be easily subjected to prcssuro, and at any timo he .could be sent to sleep by gentle pressure of the finger on this portion of the head. Tho same thing occurred in certain diseases such as ' water on the brain.' For natural sleep a certain amount of fatigue was necessary, and although quiet ' was ? usually favourably to the sleeping condition, there were some sounds that were absolutely lulling. Unvarying sounds were generally so, such for instance as the flight of the beetle, the drowsy tinkling of tho sheep bell, the rippling of the waters, and the sighing of the wind among trees. This effect was prettily described by Spencer : — And more to lull him in his slumber soft A trickling stream from high rock tumbling down, And ever drizzling rain upon tho loft Mixed with a murmuring wind, much liko tho sound Of swarming bees, did oast him in a woune. ..Not only .undulating sounds, but sights also had the same effect Dull, monotonous thought should be encouraged by those anxious to sleep, or let persons listen to some stupid author or lecturer like himself, or let them say over to themselnes some drowsy rhyme such as the following:— Oh ! dourest lady, rest your gentle head, Upon my lap and try to sleep awhile, , Your eyes look pale, hollow, and overworn, With heaviness of watching and slow griof ' ' Come, I will sing you some low sleepy tune. Not cheerful, nor yet Bad, some dull old thing, Some outworn, and unused monotony,' Suoh as our country gosBips sing and spin, Till they almost forget they live.' (Musical selection.) When the poets described objects around sleepers they not only employ sameness, but their very metre falls into monotony. Thus Tennyson wrote ; — Courage, he said, and pointed to the strand, This mounting wavo will roll us shoreward soon ; In the afternoon they came unto a land, In which it seemed always af tnrnoon. All round the coast tho languid air did swoom, - Breathing like ono that hath. a weary dream; Full faced above the valley stood the moon, ' And like a downward smoke, the slender atrcam Along tho cliff to fall and pause and fall did seem. He who would sleep woll should j oin in the prayer of Dr. Johnson for ' obedient passions and a will resigned.' Such was sleep j to pause from the hurrying whirl of life, to rest after its toils and struggles, and agitation, to see no sights of grief and pain, to hear no sighs or stifled sobs, no loud lament, to forget all cares and losses, and heartaches. It was, in fact, falling into a state which seemed to com prehend within it all that was most gentle and soothing in idea — an epitome of pathos — an ever-recurring text of mercy and type of ten derness — an armistice between the contending powers of good and evil — a revelation of the Dread strife Of poor humanity's afflicted will Struggling in vain with ruthless destiny. -In sickness, no language could exaggerate the blessed exchange, when the framo, racked by pain, shattered by convulsiveness, cramped by spasms, and worn with long hours of restless ness, sinks at last with quite slumber. Thus : How gently slumber rests upon her face, Liko the hut thoughts of some day sweetly spent, Closing in night and dreams, and so prolonged Aftor Buch torments as she bora last night, How light and soft her breathing comes ; But I must shako tho heavenly dew of rest From this sweet folded flower. But it was superfluous to dwell upon these points, when we had a passage from the greatest of nil poets that summed up all tho benign and healthful influences of sleep : — Sleep, the innocent sleep, — Sleep, that knits up tho ravolled slcevo of care. The death of each day's life — sore labor's bath, Balm of great minds, great nature's second courao Chief nourisher in life's great feast. The lecturer then resumed his seat, amidst prolonged applause. ' God Save the Queen ' was then sung, and the audience dispersed, after passing the usual complimentary vote of thanks to the lecturer and the chairman. 