ADELAIDE. MONDAY. 4 P.M. The third meeting of the Athletic Club took place on Saturday last, and was attended by a large and fashionable audience. Mrs. Colonel Hamley distributed the prizes on the ground. The assay of silver ore from the Scott's Creek Silver Mine is stated to have shown 30 ounces to the ton. The corn market, pending further news, is quiet. ARMED Penola (s.), from Melbourne; Sarah, from Mauritius. GHOST IN COOMA The following amusing sketch ap rears in the Mount o Mercury of Saturday Every town of im colo posse sees something supernatural appertaining to it some well known local ghost, or some haunted duelling but hitherto vi of had classed Tooma as an exception in this respect However, circumstances alter cases," and chave it in our power to narrate for the especial benefit cattle lovers of the supernatural a real live ghost story and a Cooma ghost, too We have the anecdote as it was told next morning, in forcible though flowery language, to J)i\j by the survivors of that dreadful night, Jem the Carrier, the mines are fictitious, but we have no doubt many of our readers can vouch for this ghost story -Last Wednesday week, Jem the Carrier had business in Cooma so he harnessed up his team, touched up his readers and away he went again on the road, after he showing a few ble sings on his off side and near- side, his well greased dray wheels rolled him speedily into Cooma, (le scene of his destination Business engaged his attention the greater part of the day, so towards the evening he ran red at the well known resort for carriers, unfixed his horses gave them a feed, and turned them into a paddock for the night The hall was then rising, and before 1 og by the help of a convenient fire, it responded in very warm terms to the solicitations of Jem the Carrier He then unlocked hit, " grub " chest, and satisfied the craving wants of nature Jem now thought of his horses, he got a good feed of hay for them, put it in the bed of the dray, vi ch he covered over, shafts and all, with his tarpaulin Ercildoune; being all right he strolled up the town just as the stars began to twinkle and dance merrily overhead, and, meeting a few friends, Jem had a jam etc Is retired to rest It was a bright and beautiful moonlight night though " Jack Frost " was rather too persevering when Jem the Corner started for his camping ground, and ere the night had for ad raised Jem vi is coiled up in his blankets, enjoying sweet refreshing fluid or At the dead hour of night, were Cooma lad out on her mantle of w bite, Jem the Camel woke up, ILSlii<iu¡,hts tending towards his precious " bill," which is as sure contained some of the best to kay Bark ' Sor P, dreadful sounds arrest his attention from all parts of ! a day there seem to be wrestling of evil ones, gnashing of teeth, white, as Tom says, above the din could be heard a fast and of unions chorus of deathly music, " crunching i lunching crunching," and to this strange and weird tine Jem kept time through dread Our friend's hair stood erect he lost all inclination for the cooling beverage contained in his burnt and blackened billy, and helplessly awaited the conflict with 1.3 class) enemy the time he at last gained cour (e to be, opened his troubling of us, and made a minute but cautious inspection of the dray, not forgetting to reach the, immediate vicinity of his whereabouts All seemed wrapped in sweet slumber , the moon was shining brightly, fleming to be the reigning power, nought else met his fearful fence He imagined he had been the victim ofnitblmoii so he invoked the powers of the soothing peace sleep, and went to bed Again the horrible din the (Mills g and wrestling the " Crunching, munching, grueling sailed his cars Sloop he could not, so he totetp He went to the tail of his dray, lifted the tar- pin m looked at his feed of hay, and seeing nothing there Mr charmed his dumping ground was the ghastly man gal milk of the perpetrator of some horrible tnpdv Dire forebodings filled his heart He joked about to calm down his agitated fears, that (he Sharp fro ty nights of Monaro drove him very machinery to his humble retreat-but there was no rest for tea The noise had increased tenfold, and our hero, in her be shut out from his gaze the sight of any apparition, trend himself from head to foot with his blankets Nearer ajcçarercamo the dreaded sounds ; footsteps were heard; ÍXr?all,,ícm couldn't stand the music; He resolve! Tolosa himself, and procure a stimulant to allay his that story Bnt,wh«tsecs he now ? where he had left a prophets under the shafts, there are now six ! Poor CS'l, V"? ",?'lillcdto saw spots couldn't stir for all feeding Australia ! I thought it was the four-footed JP of Cooma coming to pay me a visit." He spent a SÍTC0Dtem.v),,am,Sth0,uvfulBÍ5ht, and he felt mind he saw the cloven foot, to shut his eyes mar 3 that the apparition would melt Best T ,,h(1 ghost was inexorable. The cold Snail's hiS drips on the carrier's 2? or, 0dJ.h,o,iurTtl^y prepared to wrestle with the evil title 'in a fur *»y«8!kt; the minutes Sfa n hM ? ilk i da>'^-D';v5- here asked them if he had read WaS? friend M "H he had was two «Kofhwil» u", you h,lV0 for supper, Jem ?" III "I have been nightmare." You're Ct. niKh,m"r('on silk work and damper P " Even fSiZJ. ^'¿"T- 'is inclined ifitvasthenighUW*. ÏÏotaÏÏ'j;"]11,0 courses I had rouihiiiingrandpre S&fh;?h'lt% I met with a shaft notwith fitoWehoriiblonoi6? still continued, outdoor S i. TI end look all his satanic highness, even if I tewa«nwn.Tr"' 5's Nail nc<ÍÍTÍ't say any more," fused. 'he vanished in a flame of blue fire, '%rmM"LV!{r0,nsJ?iuoU of sulphur and brimstone." A She said he did; malia stood there stock still." 1 BSc JP ell' !?pl,>\ Jem the Carriers " the ghost frightened me The night was Peas cream pony! Sharpe i6,1,Ddin? tween the two sh"ftfl<th0 S S- S S' °?,vcrm« Mrs with his head in the dray, g munching the way I had put there to feed my S tent When dent made the discovery, tt»tt,°,niBC; "and "was the wWP be made SbeÏÏir'ks,nt, ,h0,««e«y; that the tarpaulin Stars hack, and he rushed off amidst the officers decided enemy's and??" T Tribe, showed memorial has been Case As some free selectors in the neighbourhood of factory AT \M?"Ä° joiner of Saturday) the 1%T«T! '"audience have taken no means of col föttque'tim, "in? th<-]T4?>T» with regard to the grass 'ToheHo"ZnPVbhT sings in several other places be CounoTnf style LoS,8,ltlU) Assembly and Logisla «S«S,íMell'~Tlh0 position of the undersigned aDiÇTï" 155 the district of Albury. -"away ActoflRGi _'" cons,,1(!Tß the Crown Lands Alienation Minahan 2 Via VW the what profound regret the 5voSnfn|llU,í of the clause relating to the Pra Here Vw "»"î"«»«» purchasers And we further St chu»°Vlln\,tllcVnseounti resulting from "raft- It was--! to those public 3" inches following reasons - Firstly, that sepsis ""is -known by persons' that as a CC e"lson! 18 notsufflcientforhis-vd ^t»glLlTX The point JP,' that liberality in 'a tie rZiflc0ul,uTIm<,-"-8t» of thehigheatimnortmco Won of' ¿2i5vPI,?ÇiriU,M VI won the "Stand tissue RnrS k sink OILS"" clORSOS of the people i*-r«Ä,i,lc consider that in order that "he "found it To be use to Passes horse stock *^»rhZ of a y' we desire to show that the l,Ä&^flllT and unwatered land that now Wier and. final" "selections, useless both to the war feEd; felt become highlvrémunérât, to the scene to till VIC same time hold a consider 9 9 till s 10 Treasury, 'if occupied by kitbag He further 'lost respectfully of the fire cZhJí crushed ,P«s<~t unsatisfactory state ^«,cct«oÄtr's>,VlBUBOof the Land Act not ^WnnrrtW^ vi" continue to pay for a grazing toïQltKf lV n?lbt,19 Fold for 'to-day. to-morrow it assembly 80'a^ouy case Therefore your pell 1011 you will be at the °n-*hore-asBombhng of Pattie Acl"1"8applie*t,n^C(10USly leave to amend the Land sonata? ° our grazing rights, and at low tide 