BURIED ALIVE AND SHOT AS A GHOST. The Cleveland Plaindealer te'Js tne following strange incidents as having occurred in Southern Ohio : — " An old gentleman, named Delos Winans, became frantically angry with Jii3 son because lie had lost a large sum of his father's money on a bet. His frenzied feelings soon got the better of him, and he felled his son to the floor with a blow of his fiat, and immediately thereafter fell down in a senseless condition. Great excitement in the family ensued. The mother ran screaming for assistance, which was soon forthcoming in the persons of several of the neighbours. Mr Winans was found in an apparently lifeless con dition, with blood flowing- from his nose and mouth. " A subsequent examination by a physician led to the announcement, by liira, that Mr Winans had died from the bursting of a blood vessel. So evidently had"the vital spark fled that no effort, at resuscitation was made, and the remains were prepared for burial as promptly as possible. Tiie funeral of the ' deceased ' look place the-fol'owing Wednesday. Mr Wiuau's body- had only been coffined the previous day, up to which time it had lain draped in a shroud in the parlour. Notwithstanding the wonderful life-look of the skin, and the colour of the face, it occurred to no one to suggest a postponement until death was absolutely certain. The funeral was largely attended nnd everybody remarked the life-like appearance of the deceased. The 1 remains ' were temporarily placed in one of the vaults of the cemetery, owing to tho fact that a brick tomb commenced for their reception had not bpen completed. "At ten o'clock on Thursday night the village was thrown into great excitement by the report that a . ghost had been seen in the cemetery a short time before, nnd that the old lady who first saw it was frightened into a fit, from which it was doubtful whether she would recover. Thinking that piohably tiie ghost was personated by some scoundrel, who had played tho trick several times before, a number of persons armed them9e!vo3 with shot guns, proceeded to the cemetery, and commenced a cautious inspection — their hearts thumping in their bosom9 in spite of their assumed bravado. They had not long to wait, for there flitting among tho tombs was a white object plainly to be seen. With trembling hands they raised jiheir guns and fired, when — strange fnct for a ghost — they saw the white creature fall between a couple of graves. Picking up courage, they cautiously approached the object and turnPil a lantern upon it. Their feelings can be better imagined than- described when they found that the ghost was the lately deceased Mr Winan9. "ft" While a portion of the party picked up the blepding and senseless body of the old gentleman, and started homeward with it, the remainder hastened to the vault. There they found Mr Wiuau's coffin broken open, and lying upon Jhe door, and- the coffin of a deceased lady, that had been placed upon it, likewise thrown down from the shelf, and standing on end, also partly broken open, displaying' its ghostly inmate. The vault door, which was'rather a weak affair, had been forced open by the resurrected man. The party then went to Mr Winan's house, nnd here they found that his wounds were not serious and that he had recovered his senses. He had been carried to the cemetery in a franco. Early on Thursday evening consciousness flashed upon his mind that lie was coffined alive. This lent additional strength to his struggle to get free, and he dually succeeded in bursting open the coffin." 