CONSECRATION OF ST. ANDREW'S CATHEDRAL. On Monday morning, in the presence of a very great concourse of persons, the Anglican Cathedral of St. Andrew, in this city, was consecrated according to the rites and ceremonies of the Church of England by the Metro politan Bishop (the Right' Rev. Dr. Frederick Barker), who was aseisted by the Suffragan ' TK',,'1t-9 of Adelaide. Melbourne. ^stC&^rGoul- furfi, Oiau a w sffi n n ia — together with the Dean o* Sydney, Cannes Vidal, Stack, King, and O'Reilly, -uma a joj-gu wuy ui Clergymen. irie nue uuiiumg has, therefore, after the lapse of many tedious ywfrs, at length been opened for the performance of Divine service, in conformity with tbe use of tbe Church of England. Having already laid before our readers some few particulars in respect of Die history of this remarkable structure, and a general description of tbe entire edifice, we shall now, without further preface, give a brief und com prehensive account of all tbe proceedings having reference to the consecration of this church, wbioh took place on Monday, being St. Andrew's Day. At balf-pBBt 10 o'clock tbe Metropolitan and bis sin Suffragan Bishops began to assemble in the temporary building on the north side of tbe cathedral, where they were joined by about seventy clergymen. Thmco the prelates (in their episcopal habits) with their clergy (vested m hoods, stoles, and surplioes) walked in prooession across the enclosure on the north of the church to the Great Western entrance, where tbey were met, at about five minutes to 11 o'clock, by the Very Rev. Dean Cowper, with other members of tbe Chapter of tbe Cathedral. There the Dean, on behalf of the Chapter, presented to the Metropolitan the formal petition for the consecration of the Cathedral Church of St. Andrew, and the document ' was read aloud by Mr. Barker, the regis trar of the diocese. The Metropolitan Bishop intimated that it was his intention to comply with the prayer of the petition, whereupon the Dean and Chapter having joiuod in the precession, the Metropolitan (followed by the other Bishops and clergy in attesdanoe), proceeded up the middle aisle to the altar, repeating alternately the 24th Psalm ' (Domini est terra). Tbe Bishops having taken their places within the Communion Rails, the sentence of con secration was read by the Chancellor and signed by the Metropolitan. The document was handed to the Registrar to be registered, which being dono it was returned by that officer to the BiBhop, and by him laid upon the Communion Teble, Then the Metropolitan standing on the north side of the Lord's Table turned to the congregation and said : — ' Dearly beloved in the Lord, forasmuch as devout and holy men, as well under the Law as under the Gospel, moved either by the secret inspiration of the Holy Ghost, or by the express command of God, or by their own reason and sense of order and dectncy, have erected houses for the public worship of God, and separated them from all profane end common uses; wbioh godly practice hath a manifest tendency to fill men's minds with a becoming reverence to the Divine Majesty, and to affect their hearts with devotion end humility in the service of God; let us .humbly hope that our Heavenly Father will favourably approve our present purpose of setting apart this place in solemn man ner for the performance of the several offices of religious worship ; and let us faithfully and devoutly beg His blessing on this our undertaking.' Then followed the Lord's Prayer, in which the whole con gregation (consisting of between three and four thousand pertains) joined ; end next, was said the prayer 'O, Eternal God ; ' after which, the Metropolitan repeated the^ six collects having special refere&oe; to the future ministrations of the Church in that building, imploring Divine blessing upon the seme. The morning service then commenced, the Proper Psalms being the 84th, the 122nd, and the 132nd. The First Les son was taken from the eighth chapter of the First Book of Kings, fr.m the 22nd to the 62od verae. This lesson was read by the Very Rev. the Dean of Sydney. The Second Lesson (taken from the fourth chapter of the Gospel of St. Luke, from the 14ih to the 21st verse) was read by the Rev. Canon Stack. Here, and in the subsequent service, the collect used was that of St Andrew's Day, with a special prayer for the occasion. In the Ante-communion service the opening prayers were read by Dr. Short, the Bishop of Adelaide. Dr. Thomas, the Bishop of Goulbnrn, read the Epistle ; the Gospel being read by Dr. Perry, the Bishop of Melbourne. In thia service, as in the Order for Morning Prayer, there were several special prayers for the occasion ; one after the Collect for the Queen, and one after the Prayer for the Church Militant The first anthem (in the Morning Prayer) was tho 1st, 2nd, and 4th verses of the 84th Psalm, Quam Diiccla — (Richardson). The first hymn wm, ' Cbriri is made the sure Foundation' — (St. Werburgh) — and the second, that before the pennon, was tbe wellfcnown hymn beginning with these words — 'Jesus calls us o'er tbe tumult,' &c.; — (Batti), In consequence of the length of the service there was no voluntary. The preces and responses were Talli's, and the Ventte, that by Philip Hayes. The chants of the Proper Psalms were by Bine, W. H&yts;, and D. PurceU. The Te Deumf Gregorian; fifth tone, 2nd ending, and seventh tone, 1st ending. The Kyrits in the ante-communion service were by Narer, in F, and the chant for the Nicene Creed, by John Gobs. The Sentences at the Offertory (a very large one) were read by Dr. Tuflnell, tbe Bishop of Brisbane ; and tbe Prayer for the Church Militant was said by Dr. Bromby, the Bishop ofTaFmania. The Metropolitan then preached a Sermon, of which the following is our report: — Text: Matthew iv., 19, 'Follow me, and I will make you fishers of men.' These wordn contain the first command given by Our Lord to his chosen disciples, and oIpo convey a promise to the Church in all ages. They are connected with that direction and encouragement which it pleased their Divine Master to give to his dit-ciplcs before his departure. When charging them to ' preach the Gospel to every creature,' he assured them of His presence to the end of time — ' Lo, I am with you alway, even unto tbe end of the world.' TMs day. at this distance of time, and in this remote pur* tion of the earth, we are endeavouring to obey the same command. In the special work of thi6 day we follow the steps of those who have followed the Lord. We are fulfilling the commission once given to the Church by its Divine Head, and may humbly trust that we shall be favoured with His presence that in the con secration of this cathedra], and in all the blessings which will flow from this following of the custom of our fathers, He will be present with us, and with ours, to the end of time. May He be graciouriy pleased to hear the devout prayers of His Church, and to accept that which we now offer to Him for His service! May his Holy Spirit never be. withdrawn from this house of prayer, but sanctify the ordinances thereof unto the edification, the consolation, and the salvation of many souls ! The command in my text is a summary of the Christian religion. It is binding upon every man to follow Christ. Obedience to this command has two parts. He renounces the service of other masters who follows the Redeemer. Another is ready to claim him. ' The god of this world ' spreads bis nets and sets his snares, that he may take him captive at his will. All are not, indeed, called to be apostles, noriBitrequiredof Christ's followers in every case toforsake houses and lands, or to sell all and give to the poor, in order tofollow their Master. But, a followingof him there must be : and, in order to this, not only ' the luBt of the flesh, ana the lust of the eyes, and the pride of life' muBt be mortified and subdued, but c&re; must be taken that the necessary pursuits and lawful occupations of life do not become hindrances In the way of obedience to Christ and his command. We may observe then that they follow Christ who hear his voice with a glad and willing mind — 'My sheep boar My voice and I know them, and they follow Me.' The voice of Jesus is heard in secret. The still Email voice of conscience, quickened by the spirit, enlightened by the Word, is His voice. They, again, who would follow Christ are seen by Him in the closet — 'the world shut out ; ' or under the fig tree, praying to an ucteen yet personal and omniscient Saviour. To such he is not silent A voice is heard, saying ' This is the way, walk ye in it.' Again, the voice of JesUB is uttered distinctly in his Word. The Bible is the Word of the living God — the divine revelation of tbe will of Him of whom the Incarnate Word wsb the living manifestation, and a deep and reverential regard to that Word is due from every man. It was so when Elijah heard it and ' wrapped his face in his mantle, and went out and stood in the entering in of the cave, and behold there came a voice unto him.' It is to this submissive and reverential 6pirit that the promises of Divine guidance are made—' the meek will He guide iu udgment, and the meek will He teach his way.' Further, they follow the Saviour who commit themselves to Him for all He has to give ; and of His gifts the first ! and best is Himself, as Lord and Christ—' a Saviour which is Christ the Lord.' When the Baptist bore witness, to Him as ' the Lamb of God, which t&keth; away the 6in of the world,' his two disciples who heard him speak found what they had been seeking, and ' fol lowed Jesus.' And again, 'One of the two which heard John apeak and followed him was Andrew, Simon Peter's brother. He first findeth his own brother Simon and saith unto him* We have found tbe Messias, which is, being interpreted, the Christ ; and he brought him to Jesus.' And still it comes to pass that when men are burthened with the heavy load of their sins and desire to seethe sal vation of God, they turn at the grarioui'invitation of Him whe 44 spake as never man spake — 'Come unto me all yo that labour and are heavy laaen, and I will give you rest.' They take upon themselves His yoke and learn of Him, the , meek and lowly One, and thus find rest to their souls. And inj this rest there is a returning to Him. In this love to Him they follow Him who has redeemed their lives from destruction. They are now henceforth His, and can gay 'I am thy servant; ; lam thy servant * * * thou has loosed my bonds.' The love of Christ consfraineth them. Imitation of Christ is their aim. They walk in love as Christ also loved them and gave himself for them. The mind which was iu Christ J c-eus dwells in them. Like Him, they are ready for every good work. They ore considerate and compassionate, holy and just, faithful to God and jealous for his law. They walk' by the rule of the Scriptures, and in dependence upon the teachings of the Holy Spirit. They live a life of faith in a crucified Redeemer. They die in humble confidence that for Bis merit and righteousness' sake they will be accepted of the Father in the great day, and, having thus obeyed the Saviour's command, find his promj&e; fulfilled — ' If any man serve me, let Mm follow hifi ; and where I am there shall also my servnnt be: if any man serve me, him will my Father honour.' But this obedience, it ta&y; he said, is due from every man. There is nothing m this following of the Redeemer which belongs especially to an apostle, or to one who by his office Is a fisher of men ? True ; but it must be added that no one can be a successful fisher of men who has not followed the Saviour and is not living a life of obedience to him. For though, in the language of our own Articles, the effect of Christ's own ordinances Is not taken away by the imwonhine&s; of ministers, yet the effect of such un worthiness upon the minds of the people is most injurious. Because of the sins of Eli's 6ons, men abhorred the offerings of the Lord. Therefore 44 the sin of the young men was great before tho Lord.' If, as a heathen writer could say, it is necessary for en OTftTor'fi success that his hearers should be convinced of his pipcerityi pmch more U it requisite for the preacher of ^rihti&nity; thst he should be known firmly to believe, 4 consistently to practise, the great and shbuld be ooht. . - * -- f0u0w doctrines and precepts of u» ^ Chritt if he would ' catch men.' ^ The aim of tne fisheimon ' is 1o win his spoil from the deep. So, out of the depths of sin and ignorance and ml&ery;, it i*6 the spiritual fisherman's object to win souU lo Curist. But he must do this in Christ's way — 41 we have toiled all night and taken nothing, nevertheless, at thy word I will let down tbe net at Christ's word, Jbe it observed— other- wire (here is no hope of success. Except the Lord's word or direction be followed, (hey labour in vain, andspend their night (their cheerleee life) in the ministry without blessing and without success. -'r- The cauecs of this want of success are not far to see. A ministry must be lifeless, if the heart be not first given to Christ and hiB work. Unless the Spirit has touclied the conscience end informed the understanding, and kindled love to God und man in the heart, coldness and formality will characterise the work, and destroy all hope of success. They then toil in vain who fear the face of man, and are conformed to this world. They toil in vain who lack the oournge and confidence which spring from the consciousness of God's presence and powgy. Nor can they hope for success who ore actuated by a covetous spirit, or who will not exercise Eelf-denial, or who, while busily labouring in the external work of the Church, leave no time for retirement and study, and prayer. These defects cannot be remedied by the hope of any outward advan tages whatever. In vain will the claim to apostolical dcretnt be urged, or appeal be made to primitive practice and.iecrijrtural order. Nothing of this nature, however valuable in itself, can be substituted for the living, active, end intelligent zeal which seeks to win souls to Christ by tbe great ordinance of his appointment, the preached word — the proclamatua of the Gospel of the grace of God. Tha-: Gospel is to the spiritual fisherman the net by ^hich he draws souls.to Christ. Ho useBit as the Lord has appointed, . and at his command who said that repentance and remission of sine should be preached in his name among all n&tioDs.; Eo U66H it with patience and 'diligence; with dis crimination and skill. Hib love wearies not; his hope faints not, and success, from time to time, rewords his blessed toil. An uplifted Saviour still draws men from unbelief and sin to holiness and peace. It may not he out of place here to observe that by some persons tbe Gospel- as wc understand the Word, is Blighted and disparaged ; aeif, so to speak, its remedial power were exhausted, and other modes of bringing men to tho faith miiFt be adopt* d ! Some require that the revelation shall be deprived of whatever Ib offensive ; others, that worship Fhall be rendered more attractive in order that an intelligent en enlightened age may be won to believe it. I do not think that there modes have any success worthy of the name, or are at all likely to be successful before Him at whoEe command we must let down the net We have seen, indeed, to what these requirements eventually lead, nationalism, For instance, deprives Christ's death of its atoning efficacy, and takes from fin the. sentence of eternal mieery. Rationalism would make heaven's doors wide enough to admit every torm of unbelief though con demned ly the Bible, ana would remit the idea of eternAl punishment to the regions of fable and myth. Ritualism, on the other hand, in its full development, would fain reconcile us to the unreformed Church of Rome, and to doctrines end practices which our Protestant forefathers unhesitatingly condemned as blasphemous fables and dan gerous deceits. It elevates a commemorative ordinance into a propitiatory sacrifice. It makes the pres byter an atoning, interceding priest. It restores liie dangerous practice of private confession, and deprives tbe word of God of its due authority by accepting, as articles of faith, traditions and corruptions which arc not contained in Scripture, ond cannot be proved thereby. Now, in reply to these requirements, and the practices that are consequent upon them, we observe that the (Saviour's purpose in coming into the world was that men might be saved ; that this purpose remains, and that the subjects of it are the e&me.; Men are no other, and, naturally, no better than they were when Christ was in carnate. And if we ask how this purpose of man's salva tion is at present to be accomplished, we can only fall back upon the coinmund and promises with which His life on earth concluded. We arc to make dis ciples—to teach whatever ho commanded. We have no other, end know no better than this mode, and our determination should be that of the ApoetJe, not to be ashamed of the Gospel of the Lord Jesus, but in the matter of man's valval ion lo know nothing but ' Jesus Christ, and bim crucified.' It waB thus that the Apostles com menced their work as ' fishers of men.' Hear St. Peter, speaking to the Jews at Pentecost : ' Let all the house of forael know* assuredly that God hath mado that sanre Jesus whom je have crucified both Lord and Christ.' Thus St. Puulupcn bis conversion ' preached Christ in the syna gogues, that He is tbe son of God.' By no other method did they endeavour to save men. Christ sent Diem not only to baptise, but to preach the Gospel, and when one went to Corinth or to Rome— cities which were proverbial for the depth of their impiety, and impurity, and took with him the Gospel of man's redemp tion, huw marvellous was the success vouchsafed to such a fisher of men ! How soon could it be said of the church of Rome that its faith was 'spoken of throughout the world;' and of the Corinthian Church that it 'caiae be- hind in no gift,' waiting for tbe coming of the Son of God. More recent limes have afforded examples of the F8mc truih— namely, that it is by the preaching of tbe Goepel souls ere brought to Christ. When, at the Refor mation, the fundamental truth of man's justification by tbe righteousness of Jesus Christ through faith in him was restored to its proper position, life re-entered the Chiuch, darkness and death lied away, and a devout and enlightened piety took the place of super stition and idolatry. Let any one examine the theology of the divines of the Reformation and observe the earnest ness end diligence and skill, with which they Bet forth Christ as the only Mediator, and faith in Him as the means of our communion with God, and he will be at no Iobs to understand how in their labours they were bo successful as to bring not merely men, but nations to tbe obedience of faith. And, my brethren, if we, as a Church, hope te maintain our place and usefulness in the worid wc must be careful to be followers of Christ in our faith and worship — in that which we believe, ond in the mode in which we apply Die ordi nonces of tbe Church to the great end of our calling. Hap pily, we of the reformed and protestant Church of England and Ireland cannot err if we stand in the old paths which our fathers have marked out for us. We shall, then, main tain the supreme authority of the 'Word of God as contain ing all things necessary to salvation. We shall adhere to those three creeds which are thoroughly to be believed and received because they may be proved by most certain war rants of Holy Scripture. We shall not shrink from declaring tbe sinful and corrupt nature of man, and the only way by which the renewing and converting influences of the Holy 6pirit can be received, and how through the atoning blood of the Lamb, the sinner can be rendered acceptable to God, and made meet for the inheritance of the E&ims; in light. My beloved brethren, the clergy, if we, the pastors of the Church, are true to him who has called us to this office of the ministry ; if we love Him and follow Him; if, -with Bim, we seek the salvation of men in His appointed way, then the present trials of the Church at home will become blessings to ourselves. It is sow as in the AposDes' day. There must also be heresies among you, that they which are approved may be manifest among you. Let us then, my beloved brethren, pray and believe that if we are in these last times of the present dispensation, and if trial does come upon any portion of our beloved Church, it is that many may be purified and nude white, and tried. I trust, my brethren, that the Cathedral thus far com pleted will be one of the means by which in this colony the Saviour's purposes may be carried out^sand that the ordinances of this house of prayer may be -honoured and blest by Him to the salvation of men. The Cathedral itself forms a very important addition to the;churcbes of the city. It will also be a visible centre of union for the Church at large, where all who will itinT vnrfiliini where Om «/irH /if will he faith. fully preached, and where the Sacraments of Christ's appointment will be duly administered. The cathedral is an institution which belongs to the perfection of theexternal condition of the Church. Where the Bishop is, there his seat — his cathedral — should be. In the metropolis — in the centre of civil and ecclesiastical interests should be the Principal place of worship— the ever- open house of prayer. t services are in accordance with the practice of many ages , its doctrines the faithful teaching of the Church of England ; its Chapter maintaining the fabric and providing for its internal management, while the dean and canons, in conjunction with the Bishop, discharge the responsible office of teachers, and thus benefit and influence the Church of Christ. Nor is it possible to say how great and numerous may be the blessings which an institution of this character will confer upon the community at large. Mauv amongst us may he congratulated on the comple tion of tbiB work. Some there are who saw the first foundation laid, to whom this day must bring reflections of a veiy solemn and sacred character : ' Your fathers, where are they ? and the prophets, do they live forever?' The founders of the cathedral have for the most part pas Bed away fioru us. The mortal remains of its first bishop tie in hishalive city, In the Mefroplitan Cathedral of Canterbury. Many of tbese windows'are memorials of friends who are now numbered with the dead. Ill could tbey be spared by us, but to tbe Father it seemed good to remove them, ana w e gratefully recognise the interest Diey took in this work, and their liberality on its behalf. To me, rarsonally, this occasion is one of overwhelming interest. Fourteen years ago, at Lambeth, en this very festival of St. Andrew, I was set apart by fathers of the Church who are now no more, to fill the 6&cred; office I hold amongst you. Eighteen years ago, five Australian bishops and the Bishop of New Zealand (whose names are on the columns in the nave of this cathedral, And surround us at the present time), met in this city, and gave an impulse to synodical action which has extended to the whole Church. During the past week seven of the eight Bishops of Australia have met tor the purpose of completing and consolidating that synodical action which had been already begun. These are present with ns to- day ; and, by the gori hand of God upon us, and under the guidance of His gracious Spirit, I trust (hat we have been permitted to do. that which will tend to unite end edify the Church in our respective dioceses. It is no common privilege, and will, I trust, be attended with a large blessing, that these fathers in the Church are with us to witness the completion of this pro longed work, and to join in the glad services of (his day. Much time— net far from half a century has been expended upon this building. Slowly, not without interruption, amidst the doubts and questionings of some — for forty seven years it has been carried on. In that long period and amidst many difficulties thtre were some who never fainted or grew weary— whose hearts never failed and whose hands never ceased to give. We honour them ; we give *1™^ to God on behalf of the departed, and with the living rejoice 4V»4 1.0 Termite us to behold *' * -v r— — - — nay*... ? It is my hope ih&t; the cathedral will be extensively and Variously ueeiul. It will not b& used only in the tomcwhat restricted manner of an English cathedral for daily worship and services of a musical character. It will be open every day ; and of Die three services on Sunday, one will be similar to (hose in our cathedrals at home. It will not bo & parish church, but will be governed by the Chapter, which h&B; been appointed by the Synod. The parishioners of St. Andrews will, however, be provided with ample Accommodation for public worship, with pastoral superintendence, and wiDi all the spiritual advantages they have been accustomed to enjoy, I am thankful to know that the arrangements are satis factory to Die parishionere, to whom and to whose pastor the thanks of the whole Church are due. The expense of 'maintaining the cathedral will be upwards of £1000 a year. For the greater part of this amount we rely upon tho oflcriory alone. The seats in the cathedral ore free, and at present the endowment is small. I trust that your contributions on the present occasion will he large and encouraging to those upon whom the respon ? ribility of management rests, and that any difficulties ou tbe score of expense will be removed by the liberality with which on all occasions the worshippers offer of their sub stance to God. If duly maintained and properly managed, I I doubt Dot that this cathedral will be to many what Ibo apostle whose name it hears was to his brother Simon. Andrew first frusd his own brother and brought him to Jesus. It surely is the proper end of the Ministry to bear, witness for Christ ! For a like purpose thiB cathe dral ie built. This house of God is to be 'the gate of heaven.' To this end it has now been dedicated as a sanctuary in which His name is blessed, and where He will meet ana bless his people. Here, then, may Die souls which are seeking ligbt and hope be brought to find the blessedness of rpeace with God, through the Saviour whom here they meet. Here zuoy tho Ministiy of the Word be marked by apostolic zeal, by brotherly love, by faith in the Redeemer, by earnest and successful efforts for the salvation or men. And,.mybeloved brethren, who are present as. wershippera to- day on this solemn and deeply interesting occasion, let me HBk your prayen on behalf of the cathedral end of those who minister therein, that it S may become and ever remain a 6oarce of spiritual blessing I to tho city in which it is the principal church,— that its 1 services may be orderly, reverent, ana spiritual,— that its (| clergy may be wise and skilful In winning souls, and that 1 to many, in nil times, it may be a meanB of grace and peace. I Learn also, I pray you, dear brethren, from the example- 1 of the Apostle St. Andrew, to care not only for your, own I Fftlvatos, but also for the souls of your brethren. 'Am I I my brother's keeper' was the wicked answer of % I wicked man. ' One is your master,' and all are your I brethren. Seek, then, the good of others in your sphere of I life, Bnd according to your opportunity. Let it be your aim I to bring some to Jesus, ana especially those of your own I household. Let your own life testify to the happiness of - 9 being a follower of Christ, so that others may well walk 9 with you in that happy way which leadeth to life eternal, 1 and oi which the blessed end is to be for ever with the 9 Lord. I After the sermon the Holy Communion was adminis* I tercd. I The entire service was of a Cathedral character, the I morning prayers being very ably chanted, in monotone, by [ the Ri-v. J. C. Corlette, tho Precentor. The responses and I the Psalms were chanted by seventy-six lay clerks, and I choristers. The offertory was given to the Building Fund. i Bib Excellency the Governor and Lady Belmore were I present. I The appearance of the interior during the services was I very striking, the thousands of worshippers, and occasional I bursts of music having a most impressive effect. Mr. 1 Montague Younger presided at the organ, and, it is almost I sredless to say, did full justice to the remarkable powers of I that instrument. The chanting wns excellent ; indeed the I entire service appeared to give very great satisfaction to all I pHFent, many of whom hod never before seen the interior I of St. Andrew's. I There was a Cathedral Service in the evening, at which [ ibe Bishop of Adelaide preach i?d. Cn this occasion there 1 was aho a very large congregation, the public (as in the I morning) being admitted by tickets, so as to ensure perfect j order, and to prevent the church from being dangerously I overcrowded. At this service the pieces and responses | were by Tullis, the Psalms, 147 and 148, Gregorian* I 5th tone, third ending; the 149th Psalm, also Gregorian* 1 8'h tone, first ending; and tbe 150th Psalm, fo a chant by I Pflham Humphrey. The Magnificat and Nunc Dimittis I were by King in F, the creea by John Goss : and the I Anthrm— ' Lord for thy tender mercies' sake, by Far- j rant. The hymns were, 41 Tbe Sou of God goes forth to- I war' (Dr. L. Mason), and 14 The strain of praise' — an I Introit. \ [Services were also held morning and evening during I the week ] I 