©&e; g-ltönf« Jüloitt.ng ¿öjeralö. TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1868. The letter of Mr. Dyer in our issua of ihe 27th uUimo has awakened some attention. The writer pioposes that the hundredth anni- versary of the discover)* of New South Wales by Captain Cook should be celebrated by a great exhibition to be held in Sydney. It is a proposition too large to claim imme- diate adoption. It embraces too many in- terests, and is dependent upon the will of too many co-operatois to be approved without great consideration. One thing, however, may bp admitted-namety, the elevation of th'e idea. It is a project which, if practicable, would be certainly a noble one. The dis- covery of New South Wales by Cook initiated ¡i seiics of events of which it is impossible to exaggerate the greatness or the value to mankind. At the lime this discovery was made, its importance, of course, could not be foieseeñ even by the most penetrating in- tellect, or compassed by the most discursive imagination. Even now we probably have as little idea of what these colonies will be when another century shall have rolled over them aa the great navigator when his ship first cast anchor in our waters, and he bent beside a spring on its shores in adoration. The time has arrived when the interest of all nations is more or less turned to these colonies. Ships of commerce and discovery are continually ai riving and making this one cf the ports of refreshment as well as one of the objects of their inquiry and com paiison. The state of Europe, and the means at its disposal for the conveyance of surplus population, will ensure an im- mense immigiation before many years shall puss away. Turning to America we see how the settlement of people has led to the arrival from year to year of a still larger propoition of adventurers. . Although the distance between the countries is much gieater, ibis is becoming every year of less moment. By arrangement these difficulties might lose their piactical force. We want the world to understand that there is loom. Discussions have lately occupied much at- tention in Europe on the danger of multi- plying too rapidly the human race. The theories of Malttitts have found a new advo- cacy, and it has been seriously alleged, even by some who are called philosophers, Mr. Mill among thfin, that the increase of numbers is to be deprecated, and that the incumbiance of a family is to be reckoned as among the ills of life. As against every other proposition contained in the oldest Book, the philosophers ha\e set their faces against tho notion that to increase and multiply is Hie law of progress, and that the patri- archal household is to be considered one of the blessings of the Almighty. The "joyful mother" is not she who is surrounded by a numerous race, but sho who has her time upon her hands, and has one child perhaps, tp assure a companion, and perhaps an attendant who may set her free to enjoy the blessings of life. Such is the doctrine when there are vast countries adapted to the uses of man !-when he is offered eierj thing as the îeward of labour, and where ho may build his own house, and plant his own vine, and live beneath, their shade. True, some foresight is necessary, and some preparation, but this may be said of eveiy condition of life, excepting that of ihe prisoner and tke .pauper. Man was not intended to have all-at his command without toil. In view, then, of a tixie coming, when these colonies will not only attract the atten- tion but become desirable for the' occupa- tion of the surplus or wearied population of Europe, it seems a matter of importance to make known what they are, and to invite the co-operation of all in this display, and to ask them to look in.v , It is suggested by Mr. Dyer that this Government should appeal to those that have received our assiitance in similar exhibitions, whethei in the colonies or in Great Britain, and that it would find a ready .response. It is liard to "damp a sanguine hepe which indeed may perhaps become a reality. We* have seen many an enterprise triumph through' the vigour of (hose efforts which could never have been , suggested or made but under the inspiration of a sanguine temperament and a warm imagination. The success which is sought comes not through the instrumentality first anticipated, but,by the rising up of auxiliaries in, quarters unfore- seen, and from the concurrence, of eveats which could never .have been 'commanded. We ore not prepared, therefore, to say that because the proposition comes as a scheme \- too large for achievement to those who have thought more fully and who have less sense ' of difficult)*, 'it is therefore either extravagant ' or improbable. *Wè 'h'ave'understood that per- sons in *,arious îanks among us have given their sanction to the idea, and that not as the | expression of a mere desire, but as a pledge of practical co-operation. We should, however, suggest that the most active members of the community who are accustomed to deal with such affairs, would examine the project in detail, and if they find it practicable give it the assistance of their names. The confluence of people from all quarters of the world, as anticipated by the projector, would indeed, if realised, havo'a very marked effect upon the reputation and prospects of ibis country. There his' been less effort to publish abroad what this colony is than has been put forth in regard to the other colonies of this hemisphere. It is not difficult to find the reason . a very largo part of our population consists of natives of the country. Our interests are ' become settled, and anxiety for notice from the outer world is less characteristic. We are altogether more quiet in our methods of thought and action, and thus while new colonies find in every publication a medium for their advancement, we obtain in the result of a long settlement and established interests, many of the advantages which they can only hope to gain by exhibiting their attractions, 'lhere is no reason, however, why we should always remain quiescent. If the plan contem- plated can be realised, it will not be the le3s effectual that we have here the results of a longer occupation, which give to the colony some characteristics not found elsewhere. It has never been our practice (for it seoms lo border on meanness) to institute comparisons between ourselves and other colonies with a view of exalting our pretensions by depress- ing their claims; but it is not unknown that those who visit the colonies for recreation and enjojment find in New South Wales, at least, a satisfaction as full as can'be discovered else- where. The lone of the New Zealand journals, with reference to the present aspect of the native war, is despondent. This is, perhaps, not much to be wondered at. Defeat which cannot be disguised, and which is followed by the practical confession of retreat, is un- avoidably discouraging. The demoralisation of the troops to some extent infects specta- tors, and finds its utterance in the Press. iBut this mood will be short-lived. The colonists will recover from their temporary panic. They will see that a mistake has been made-they will study the causes and consequences of that mi- take-and they will lay their plans for the future with all the light of expeiience to guide them. . Comparisons have often been made between the relative value for the purposes o'' this war of the British troops and colonial forces, and unpleasant criticisms have been uttered on both sides. It must be admitted that though many gallant deeds were performed by the army, and some smart things were done by some of the officers, that as a whole the operations of the troops wero a failure, except- so far as the conquest of Waikato Valley was concern-id. The idea that British soldiers could go anywhere and do anything was not realised, and there is not enough to show as the woik of 10,000 soldiers, and the expendi- ture of a million or two of money. But no one blames the courage or capacity of the men, or the fitness of their commanders, for ihe ordinary work of civilized warfare. The conditions were -peculiar, and nearly all the science of military evolution was ia upplicable. 'But if the stiff military system did not lend' itself with sufficient flexibility to the needs of a guerilla war in a tangled coun tiy, there was one thing that the army did not fail in, and that was discipline. The men i-lood to their colours, stood by each other, and stood by their officers. Even when vexed by unexpected defeat, there was no disobedience and no mutiny, and no unreadi- ness to repair the disaster. This is precisely the defect which the colonial force is now so conspicuously exhibiting. The little colonial army is half trained, and it wants solidarity. It wants confidence in itself, confidence in its leaders, and the military spirit of obedience and discipline. As long as operations were successful all went well, but at the first disaster the weakness is disclosed. As the result of a single defeat, not due to any intrinsic inferiority of force which could not be remedied, ive see this jemarkable result - that the colonial army is melting away like snow before ihc sun, while the Maori force is daily getting strength. Great complaints are.made of the policy of the Minister who is abandoning redoubts, calling in settleis, and retiring to a safe position on the coast. But this retreat may be enforced as a mere act of caution. It is worse than useless to attempt to hold a position which is not tenable ; and, if the available force is both dwindling and de- moralised, it is only to invite fresh disaster to leave it far from the base of operations. The fact that any district, however small, which bad once been painfully conquered, and wheie settlement had begun to take root, has been abandoned to a collection of Maories, not exceeding at the highest estimate eight hundred men, suggests a reconsideration of the mode in which the war has been carried on. The num- ber of fighting Maories is, and always has been, small, compared with the whole number of adult colonists against whom they are engaged in waging war. It is quite impossible to col- lect the natives together and bettie the whole question by one pitched battle, and it is a tremendous expense to keep up a large foice merely- ior defensive purposes. The object of the Government is gradually to bieak down the hostility of the Maori popu Jation, and so to occupy the country that whatever is once secured, can never be lost again. For this reason, the acquisition of teiritory should be guided less by the localities wheie the natives choose to invite a contest, than by the defensibleness of the territory for "which protection is organised. In a guerilla war there will always be little fluctuations of fortune, surprises, and local disasters. But, if the general tendency of tbji operations, as a whole, is ste"adily towards the acquisition of tenitory, and a firm grasp on what has been already secured, the party that is continually losing ground will be gradually impressed with the hopeless- ness of íesistance, and not much encouraged by "occasional strokes of good fortune. Every one can see that it would be merciful to the Maories to make them feel how futile in the longü run their resistance must be, and how ciuel, as well as costly, it' is to be taking positions which cannot be kept. Now that the colonists are thrown upon their own re- zurces, it is for them to study the ulti- mate as well as the immediate results of ceiy expedition on which they spend their btrength. 'To hit a blow and run away to' -build a " Tedonb't and' evacuate «it is to shew the appeaiance if not the reality ol weakness, and that is precisely what ought never to be shewn. It is better to avoid a collision and be dilatory, than lo win a vic- tory and leîtve it to be seen how little comes of it. J There was a time when the settlers in the province ol Auckland complained that they were cramped by the inability to 'secure fresh land suitable for settlement, and that even their capital was exposed to a hostile laid. That time has passed now. More land has been conquered in tho Waikato Valley than has been occupied, or seems likely to be occupied for some time to come. The vic- tory will only be consolidated by the settlement of the conquered country, and the parts which are most accessible and fertile will,' of course, be the first to invite occupa- tion. The wilder and remoter parts could not be turned to immediate account, even if they wero surrendered to-morrow. Hostile natives can take refuge there, and it would be an endless task to hunt them down. All that can be done, therefore, for the present is to intersect the colony with good military roads with suitable posts, and prevent the formation of any gmeial confederacy; and evade rather iliau court hosiililies. Time will gradually '.do a great deal. The impression of European tuperiority will become a fixed idea. lie hstance will grow weaker as it lacks oppor- tunity of successfully displajing itself, and as a network of settlement interlaces the country, the temptation to fight will be weakened as the chances of success are obviously dimin- ished. In the state in which things now arc, nothing can be done by one stroke of arms. 'lhere is no scope for a brilliant policy. Patience and a steady perseverance in a slow, continued, forward movement, is the course dictated by circumstances. M. Du Pehthes, the Auouaio- geologist. Amongst tho lato obituarios is that of Monsieur Boucher do Perlhcs, whoso claim to tho honour of boing tho founder of Archeoo-geology is now almost universally admitted by tho learned. Tho Guardian of tho 10th of August hut (quoting from GalignauCs Messenger) states that this savant, who recently died at Abbovillo, in Franco, at tho advanced ago of oighty yoars, was tho dist to call attention to thoso remarkablo relics of tho earliest agos, tho Flint Implements supposed to hnvo boon used by man beforo tho discovory of metala. At first ridiculed na a visionary, but -persisting in his idea-by slow dogroo's listonod to with an increasing interest, Monsieur elo Porthes at length suc- ceeded in proving, to tho satisfaction of nrehmo-geolo gisls and of others, that thero was once in Europe nn Ago of Stone-nay, it is oven said that ho went further, and conquered tho incredulity of geologists by producing tho first human jaw ever found in tho undisturbed Alpino drift ; proving theroby, na it was supposed, that Man must havo been coeval with tho extinct races of Carnívora that peopled Europo befoic tho commencement of tho present geological period. An extensivo valuable oolleotien of tho Flint Instruments which wero nnmssed hy this loarned man now forman important part of tho Gallo-Ronun Museum at St. Germain. It may also bo not uninteresting to somo of our readers to know that tho decoased gonlloman pre- sented a small but valuablo collection of flint ¡n3trumouta (found by him nt Abbovillo and olsowhoro) to tho Sydney Unhersily Museum, whero they romain in o glass caso in the Egyptian Boom for tho inspection of tho curious, ffnd foi the onlightcnment of ¡tho {zoological student. Tho specimens presented by Monsiour do Perthcs to the XJni \ entity Museum aro (principally) small nxe-hcatls nnd ludcly-foamcd spear-hends, tho valuo of which is materi- ally enhanced by tho descriptions of oach object described .bei con in tho small, neat handwriting of tho donor, now i no inoio. Omxhu-s Collision-.-About 8 o'clock last evening, two'buses Mere brought into collision with oach other opposite the Marltot shops, in George-street. Ono was the ''Eoso of Bor-di," No. ßC, a. Wnvciloy 'bus, driven by Edward Pom cr. 1 ho other was a Globo 'bus, tho " Au'el," No. 154, driven by Michael Doyle. The Windley 'bus \tns running on tho wrong side of thn blrcot when Iho occident hnppenod. Thero wera pts 'iDgois in roth 'mu-, but fortunately no one was injured. 'I bo foro m he ela of tho two 'buses bocanio so locked that it leek «bout hnlf-an-hour to extricate them. Neither i thiele, howovor, sustainod much damage. Omi Floiia.-Tho President of the Linnean Society nnd Dr. F. von Mueller aro now engaged in reviewing the following orders ol our flora, \fa., tho Myrsinoai, Snpoteio, Ebcnncc«?, Stjrncetu, JasminfiUj Apooyncre, and Ascle piadiro ; mid pioof shoots, conlnming descriptions of the species, arrived by tho InBt ninil. Of tho Myrsinoio, thero me ten species distributed under the gonora of Mic-so, Snn.urn, Myrsinc, Ardiein, and (Egicoras. Tho most southern lccality of tho last (CB. fragrans) given by Mi. licnthain, is Poit Jackson, but in all piobnbtlity this spurious " Mnngtovo " treo is to bo found still lurther south. This instance blunts that muchyot lomnins to bo done in fixing the southern limits of many plants indigenous m New South "Wales, although Mr. 0. Moore, the ducctor of our Botanical Gardens, has laboured i-cnlously in this direction. Tho_ only Samara, Mjitino vnrinbilis, M. crassifolia, Ardisia psoudojambo3a, and tho species of (Egicoras, already mentioned, aro all until es ol New South Wales, but only two ol thom ocjur m the immediate i»eighl.ouihood of Sydnoy. Tho Supo latt as number fourteen species, including Chrysophylluni, which is not in.Bro\\\u's Prodionius. Of Achras, wo now knew eight species. Now South Wales exhibits Chi-yso phi'llum priim'fc'iuiii, discovered by Mr. C. Mooro ; Sor sab'sia sericen, Achims laurifolia, A. Australis, and A. mjrsinoidos, and probably somo of the Queensland species nmy yot bo iouud about the Richmond River. Horoiogyno cotmifoliais also a nativo of Now South Wnlos, but its fruit is yet unknown. Under the Ebenaceio, au order geueinlly churncleiised by its heavy wood, theio mo four- teen specieR (seven of Biown's species being íeduced to live). For New South Wnles aro reokonisd IJargillia ma bacca. fiom Mi. Mooro's collection, C. Australis, and Mr. Woplls's C. pentomr-ra. Milba has nine spocios, nil of which belong to Queensland and Northern Australia. The order Styracon.-, which is not mcnlioncd in Biown's Piodromus, has two species indi ticnouB in New South Wales, vii., Symplocos spioata, of Roxburgh; and S. Thwaitsii, of F. von Muoller. Of Jiinninite, tthicb, aecoidiug lo tho recent airangomont, in- cludes Oleácea', \to havo seven spooios of Jasuiinuui, of which J. simplicifulium (J. Austialo and J. acuniinutum) nntl J. sunvistimuin uro found in Now South Wnlos. Dr. F. Mueller's J. rncemosuui may, however, yet bo found in Ihn northern paitb of tho colony. In this order, also, thero 1 nro one species of Olea, ono of Ligustrum (in Quoonslaud only), six of Notelcca, four of which occur in Now South SViilcs, and three of Chionanthus, belonging exclusively to Queensland. Tho oidor of Apocynacoeu contains thirteen genera and forty-tin co species, ot which the following bo- , long to Ibis colony .--Chilocmpus Aushah's, Carissa, Aljxia iuxifolia (fiom Twofold Bay), A. rusci fohn, Oehiosia (Laolnrin)Mooro!, Taboimcmoutana orienta- l's, Alstonia constrictu (tho "bitter bark" of Queeonsland I nnd New South Wales, most efficacious in casos of inter- mittent fever), Paieoniii lanceolatn, P. velutina, P. ventri oosn, Ljonsia lilncina fiom Mr. Mo:re'o collection, L. induplicaln, L. Blrnminca, L. reticulata, L. hu- giflorons, and L. eucalyptifolia. It íb piobablo that scaicoly any of these species'aro familiar to collectors in this part of tho colony, with tho exception of tho largo climber L. stra minea. Tho genera Chilocmpus, Mclodinus, Corboi-a, Ochrosio, Alstonia, and Ichnouirpus woro not known to Blown as existing in Austialia. Of tho Asclepiade.o, Australia has fifly-thieo species. Many of thoso wero formeily confounded thiough external lesemblances, but they aio now most satisfactorily an nnged. In New South Wnles wo havo Secauiino clliptica, SarcoBtcmma, Penta cersB quinqucpartitn, from tho Darling (figuiod in Dr. F. ' von Mueller's Lithograms under tho name of Rhyncharr hena), Vincetoxicum olegans, found at Cabramattji by Mr. Woolls, "V. carnosuni, Cynanohium floribundum (colleclod near Wentworth by tiio accomplished Mrs. E. Fordo), Tjlopboia grandifloia, T. floribunda, T. b.irbata, T. Woollrii, and T. pnniculata, Marsdeuia llincscons, M. rosluilB, M. longilobn, M. suaveolens, M. Leich hnrdtiniia (frtm tho Darling), M. viridiilora, and Heija Ausfiolis. Tinco species of Hoya aie indigenous in Auslialin, and also a new genus allied to thom, v¡¿ , Thuyotiii, so named in honour of M. Thozet, of Rockhamp- ton, vho has for somo time past laboured to elucidate iho Botany of N. E. Australia, and is tho author of an in teiesting pamphlet cn " Vegetables used foi-food by tho Al origines." Amontist the plants now enumerated, Mahn, Achias, und Carissa aro mentioned by that gentleman as hnt inp cdiblo fruits ; nnd it is well known thnt, in somo ports of Aush-alia, tho huge luleious loots, and ul*» tho green follicles of certain Asclepiadsaie cuten by the blacks. Mr. Gcoige Suttor, on tho Lowci Dalling, reports that this is particularly Ihe cato with MaiseleuiaLeichhaidliana. . MibS Chaic6LE\'s Book.-In our loviow of this Udy's woik, íefeieneo was mado to two lilaceous plants (Arthro podtiim laxitin and ['Jhysanotus JPatetsoni), which, it was staled, did not'occur near Sydnoy. A coi respondent in- forms that, olthough both of these plants aro maikcd in Biown'B "Prodromus" as Tasmanian Bpeoies, yet they íeiilly belong to New South Wales, tho first having been found in tho county of Cuinbeiland, and the latter in .Aiejle. 'ihc little' Tliysanotus is ono of the "fringed. ,\ioJetp,",as they mo popularly tamed, and -his a cumbine*, habit, Whilst* ihe Ai ihropamum is of a similar purplish colour, but the fliiwus aie not fringed. Buten hy a Diutu Addek.-A local journal stafo.1 ' hat a courageous little follow, aged ton, who was omployod herding sheep nt a station near Grenfell, was lately bitton on tho middlo finger of .the right hand by n death nddor He sucked the wound, but, finding himsolf gotting ill from tho effects of the Vite, ho tied a lignturo above tho joint and hastened to his mother, who lived two and a hiilf milos frcm the scene of tho disaster. On arriving at the hut, bo rcqucslcd his moiher lo chop off tho portion of tho fineT ,below tho ligature; but her maternal instinct would not allow of her acceding to (he boy's request; whereupon ho .willi tho nssislnncont hand, performed the operation himsolf hy means of a razor and n tomahawk. His mother thou drcFted iho slump, nnd ndminislored brandy nnd b«U both internally and externally, and tho lad is perfootlv cured. ' A HORSE STUNG TO DEATH BY BEES.-The Wagga Wagga Express says:-An extraordinary accident to a horse belonging to Mr. Troy, of Kyamba Creek, occurred on Thursday last. The animal was tied up at Mrs. Andrews's, Farmer's Home Hotel, in the vicinity of a bee-hive. The bees, which were in a great state of excite- ment, probably contemplating a swarm, fastened upon the unfortunate creature, and commenced stinging it most viciously in every direction. The poor animal seemed perfectly bewildered at the attack of its strange assailants and lay down to it. All efforts to drive off the furious insects proved futile, and the unfortunate horse was literally slung to death. The bees are described as having been in a most frantic state of rage, stinging everything they came across, pigs, dogs, and even fowls. At one time matters looked so serious that the people about the place had to rush into the house and shut the doors and windows to save their own skins. Ratiibu Susvicious.-Tho Kiama Pilot statos that on Thursday night being- 6lh of November, tho Orangemen of, . our district nssombled at their usual placo of mooting, Mr. John Gray's lesidence, lo cclcbrnlo tho ovont. During the night Mr. Gray hod occasion to walk round the houso, and «bile doing so a. shot was fired closo by. Several parties went lo (ho spot from whence tho shst was firod, bul though they distinctly heard the sound of persons running, Ibey did not succeed in seeing anyone. Mr. Gray imigino* Iho person evidently meant mischiof, though ho would not like to say the shot was meant foi- him. BufjliitANGiNO.-Since tho sticking-up of Mr, Finney between Corowa and Howlong, nnd tho subséquent robbory of Mr. Atkins near Christmas Town (says tho Albury Marnier), somo of tho commercial travellers who lvwo arrived hero have provided thomsolvcs with revolvers and other firearms, and express their intention of "putting' down" biishrnngine- if fortuno favours thom with a oboneo of distinguishing themselves against the miscreant who has lately made hi« debut at Piney Range. l'EAiU'UL 'Accident ix* A Well.-On Wednesday (soys tho Bathurst lonies) Mr. John Bliss, who was engaged in cleaning out a well on premises in Goorgo- slreet, near tho Catholic schoolhouse, very narrowly oscanetl a violent death. Tho well wbb somo SOfeot deep, and "when Mr. Bliss was being lowered down in tho buckot, and was about 40 feet from tho top the windlass gavo way, and ho < was precipitated to the bottom. Ono anclo was dislocated, and ho was sovcrely cut and bruised about tho hoad and other parts of his body, so much so that ho romained un- conscious until the next morning, sinco which, hotvovcr, some signs of improvement have taken place, and it is hoped ho will soon bo restored to health nnd soundness. Wimlinq at Eden*.-Tho fishers in tho employ of Messrs. Solomon and Davidson, of Eden (Biys tho Monars Meranp), havo been rather successful during tho p.ist week. For nearly tho wholo of tho season but ano boat has I bren kept employed ; an ngi-ecablo chango, however, took [ place on Monday last, when tho crows succeeded in cap- turing two fish-a cow and a calf-and on Monday evening a thiid whnlo was killed-not a bad day's work. VINEYARDS IN THE ALBURY DISTRICTS.-The area under vines in this district (according to the Banner) has been considerably enlarged during the last planting season. About fifty additionnl acres of land have been prepared for planting at Mr. Fallon's Murray Valley Vineyard (already thirty acres in extent), but we understand that there will not be time this season to plant the whole of that area with vines, and some other use will be made of a portion of the trenched land until next winter. The trench plough has been used for the preparation of the land ; two ploughs being kept going, worked by twenty-four bullocks a-piece \- the depth of the furrow being from eighteen inches to two feet. Many smaller pieces of land have been planted with vines in the neighbourhood of Albury, and consider- able additions to the vineyard area have been made in the Corowa district. Count (?) Von- Attems.-Tho Brisbane Courier of Saturday says]:-" Somo tidings have at lust como to hand lespecting tho movements of the accomplished swindler who lately gulled so ninny, under tho nsaumed namo o£ Count Von Atteins. Captain Howe, who was in command of the Hamlet's Ghost, writing from Somerset, on Sep- tember 29th, tell his wifo that he has left the vessel, and will shortly bo in Brisbane. The Count (f ) has set sail for the East Indies, now many of our readers will say bon voyage ? " A Duel a la Mode.-The Rockhampton Bulletin's Brisbane correspondent ventilates tho following:-"Be- fore closing, lot me toll you of a dual that took placo on board a vessel lately arrived in Moreton Bay. I do not. vouch for Iho accuracy of tho details of what took placo. I give Ihem to you as they wero told ¡,to me, omitting tho names of tho parties concerned. A young man who was , coming out hero to somo friouds had a misunderstanding willi another passenger on the voyage, and, being of a lather soît turn, his t'ellow-passengors thought it a rather fino opportunity for a birk. Accordingly they prevailed upon ihe offended gentleman to demand an apology or accept pistols and coffee. By n h'ttlo strategy on tho part of tho ' passengers, tho latter was chosen. Timo and seconds wero named, and tho two antagonists were placed. At the signal ihe young mun fired, and immediately tho othor lifted his hnne'l lo his forehead, blood Howell frcoly, and ho fell ou ihe deck. Not until then did tho young mau feel the awiulness of his position. After keeping tho poor follow ;n a stato of terror for 6omo timo, ho was onlit-htcnod to , the fact that the pistols only contained a small charge of powder, and that tho blood on tho bond of his antagonist was tho blood of a couple of fowls killed that morning for . ' their dinner." National Bank.-The half-yearly meeting of share- holders of tho National Bank of" Australasia was hold on Tuesday, at noon, at tho head office, Collins- street. Thora was a good attendance of shareholders, and tho chair was taken by Sir Francis Murphy, M.L.A. The accountant of tho bank (Mr. A. Priestly) read tho half-yearly ropart and balance-sheet, which have been previously printed in our columns. Tho former recommended a dividend at tho late of 10 percent, per nnnum, and a bonus equivalent to 21 per cent, per annum. The Chairman snid tho satisfac- tory progress of tho bank, as evidenced by the bnlanco sheot, needed very fow obsci varions from him in moving its adoption. Iho prosperity of tho institution was in cioasing, and tho now issuo of shares would, ho boliovod, bo nil taken up by (ho propriotois. Some of tho absonteo piopn'otors could not receive notice in time, but ho boliovod that when all the applications carno in, tho whslo of tho shares wou'd bo takon up hy tho share holdcis. This ho regarded as an indication of the flourishing position of the bank, tho business of which had been successful in overy ono of the branohes. When tho whole amount of the shares was taken up. tho îcseive fund would amount to £216,000, which would be i mply sufficient to meet any contingencies ; and having looked into tho accounts, ho found that every doubtful dobt was amply provided for. Ho moved tho adoption of the report. Mr. Berncasllo seconded tho motion, which was cairied unanimously. On tho motion of Mr. J?. M'D. Orr, seconded hy Mr. George Dill, n voto of thanks was awarded to the resident direotors and officers in Melbourno, Adolaidc, and London, for tho manner in which they had managed tho affairs of tho bank. Tho election of an auditor was then proceeded with." Mr. Do Littlo and Mr. W.Jl. Tuckott weio nominated for the office. A show of hands Leing taken, tho result whs in favour of tho hist named gentleman, who was accordingly declarod duly elected. Tho cboiiman then announced that tho dividend would bo pay- able on tho following day. This concluded tho business. Ai gus, November 4. The Melhouhne Cup.-Tho special roportor of tho Melbourne Age protests in tho following termB against racing prognostics :-" Allow mo to express my conviction that iho raco for the Cup just passed away from our hands has been a delusion and a snare. As ono of that vast number who know littlo or nothing about racing, but who take a sufficiency of interest ia equino contests to tako them io tho course onco in twelvo months, I lodgo an onijihatio protest against tho way in which I havo been deceived. For a period of I am frightened to think how many months, I have sat at tho feet of tho prophets and sought instruction. A sluggard myself, I havo taken ndvnntago of tho early lising propensities of others, and I havo ro.id all about thoso delightful twilight canters till I havo como almost to consider myself as a horsoy num. Have I not been told over and over again that Littlo Fish and Rngpickor had takon to thoir woik kindly ; that Tim Whiftlor was all tho timo ' as fit as paint;' that Tho Fly had dono any amount of wondcr/ul , trial, which lcndered her success next to a certainly ; that tbeio ueioonoor two outside ones (such as Lantern and Cedric) of whom eomebodv knew somothing, ' whioh, it Fonu bolly liked to tell, would raise the murkot valuo of tho hoiso ola'iniingly ! All this, and moro, has been written by scnbc8 innumerable; nnd no doubt in thoir way lcarnoel, bat no1 oso of them has over had a word to say about tbo horso which caught tho judge'a oyo first,'and carried away ino gi cat racing pris-o of tho year. They havo boon silent about ihe virlucB of tho horse which has proved himstdf tho Mat of tho twent)-fivo who stinted for tho raco, and thero is weeping and* wailing and much disappointment omongs thoto -who havo pinned their faith on tho a» íeeincsB of their observations. * * Once moro Victoriu, and the 60 much vaunted Fisherman stock, have had to succumb to Ihoso torrible colours wluca coll John Tait owner. Out of all tho pooplo "who throngeo. the course ycaterdav wero thoro moro than a chosen score or so who knew that though tho majority of the quidnuncs of Iho turf had put a black woik for this raco at lcist iigninst iho Tait stable, ho had on animal on which.. Ixe .could depend to land tho prize for him. Ho did lunuit, and I think bo deserves it. Ile has shown immc-nso tact in tho woy ho has brought his horso out, mid ho has also shown that a good hoise is never out of a handicap race, no matter what weight may ho put on his back, in« I Glencoe was hardlv mentioned in the gonei-.il bolting is au tho moro to Mr. Tail's credit, and this fact Bhows, it nothing olse does, the utter valuelessness of thoso morning risita lo (Flemington, of which wo have heard so uiuott , látcJv. A refeienco to the Victorian nuff makes it, now thnl'Glcncoo has ieally won, mid all tho pot of money lias , gone oi is going to Sydney, all tho moro reintirkublo tan I he fchouhl have been so completely overlooked. 