THE GEOLOGY OF NORTH AUSTRALIA. An interesting paper, entitled 'Notes on the Secondary Beds of Northern Australia,' by Mr. A. H. Thompson, was lately read before the Roval Society of Victoria. The writer of this paper lately crossed the conti nent from Cleveland Bay to the Gulf of Carpentaria, and as much interest had been excited by the writings of Professor McCoy on the existence of secondary rocks in North Australia, as indicated by the fossil, bones which had been discovered on the Flinders, the journey was partly devoted to an examination of the country passed through, though the chief object of that journey was to inspect the outcrop of copper ore which was lately found on the head waters of the Cloncurry River, and which at the present moment is giving a start to mining enter prise in North Australia. After leaving the Burdekin we learn that the route to the Gulf passes over basaltic rock for about 100 miles, when the auriferous formation 'near the head of the Cape River crops out. 'This consists of bands of metamorphosed Silurians, whence specimens might be selected in all stages of the change from a schistose to a granitic character.' Beyond this granite again prevails, and then the older rocks are covered up with basalt up to the edge of the Flinders Plains. The road from the range then leads down a gorge worn in the volcanic rock, which at its junction with the Flinders River is described as being over 300 feet in depth.. Then comes the country known as the Flinders Plains, which extend to, the coast at the Gulf of Carpentaria on the north, ' and to the MoKinlay Ranges on the west. A description of those plains; interesting to the geologist, ia given by Mr. Thompson, and then he passes oh to the McKinlay Ranges. Here traces of copper ore were found 'in great abun dance,',, and one very rich: and ex tensive deposit of red ' oxide of copper 'has been partially opened.' Consider ing the small area of country which has yet been explored, says Mr. Thompson, it is probable that many productive mines will be diwoycnid in the McKinlay Bangee. 'Even now,' he remarks, ' there will soon be a large mining establishment on the river down whose banks Messrs. Burke and Wills toiled in their journey to the Gulf.' One singular fact noted by Mr. Thompson and his companions in these ranges was the distance to which the heat had penetrated into the ground. In a shaft sunk to a depth of forty-four feet there was no diminution in this heat When leaving the hot midday sun of the tropics, the act of going down this shaft produced a feeling similar to that sustained on entering a Turkish bath— the rock at the bottom felt warm to the hand, and in two or three minutes after reaching it the perspiration burst from every pore of the skin. Apart from the commercial interest which attaches to this examination of the McKinlay Ranges, there is the no less important matter of scientific enquiry. Mr. Thompson states that his observations establish the fact that between the coast range and the McKinlay Ranges there has existed a deep depression or valley, extending from the Gulf of Car pentaria to the twenty -first degree of south latitude, and that this depression was filled by the sea during the secondary era for a period long enough to allow of the deposition of the sandstone beds, from whence the fossils described by Professor McCoy were obtained. The questions, then, which Mr. Thompson points out for future consideration in connection with the geology of the continent are — 1st Does the depression in which the secondary beds, have been deposited.extend across the continent as an'i arm of pie sea--pr is it a large inlet, and. if so, whejre does it terminate ? 2nd. Does the I McKihlay Range form the western boundary of the inlet or strait, or has this range formed a promontory projecting into, or been an island in the secondary sea ? 3rd. Has the secondary formation originally extended over a much larger area, and since been denuded ? With regard to the great central depres sion which Mr. Thompson speaks of, and which is generally supposed to have extended across the continent at name period, he points out that about 100 miles south to the route which he followed there is the jWatershed between the streams running to the north and those running south into Cooper's Creek. This watershed, he thinks, is a likely point for the supposed inlet to terminate;' and it should be examined to see I if the Silurian rocks stretch across from the Fcoast range to the McKinlay Ranges. Sup [posing, however,' that the depression has been%n arm of the sea running from the nortg|bbtthe south coast, and dividing the continent into two or. : more islands; it is important to know by what line the de pression reaches the southern coast. This ought to be readily traced, says Mr. Thompson, ' for . the horizontal sandstones may be easily distinguished from the Silurian sandstones with vertieai -cleavage, even by an inexperienced eye.' The bearing of those scientific enquiries on the commercial value of North Australia is a very important one, and since it is a fact that the discovery of mineral wealth would do more than anything else towards setting the Northern Territory, every item of inf«pna tion as to' the real geological formation of the country is worth notice. The Rev.' J.' E. T. Woods, in his remarks on the geology' and mineraloev of North Australia, says, with regard to the sandstone plateau described by Jukes, and referred to by the Rev. W. B. Clarke, if 'the upheaval is post pliocene,' the 'basalts and granites would correspond with some of the granites and trap rocks of the west, ' .east, and south coast — an important fact in estimating their mineral riches.' With regard to coal, the same writer says that it has not been found in North Australia, nor is its formation . present. The 'next question is about gold. With regard to that the only thing certain is that the sandstone plateau is too new a formation to be auriferous. The only places spoken of with older schists, slates, and quartz veins are the McKinlay Ranges, the head of Port Darwin, and the west side of Carpentaria, about Cleveland Bay.' It is in one of these localities— the McKinlay Ranges — that the present dis covery of copper is reported ; and in reference to Port Darwin, the indications of auriferous country in that neighbourhood so strongly arrested the attention of Mr. Litchfield and one or two others of the Northern Territory party, who had had experience of the gold fields, that they commenced prospecting during their visit to the place. The Military.— In addition to two letters in another part of the paper, expressing widely different opinions on the question of retaining Imperial troops in Adelaide, we have received a reprinted copy of a memo randum which was issued for private circula tion in 1863. Though bearing no signature, it fathers itself, and the writer is well known as entertaining earnest opinions on the subject. He undoubtedly makes out a strong case in favour, of retaining a military force in South Australia, and his arguments will no doubtreceive due consideration. We have no present space for inserting the memorandum, but w« subjoin the last para graph, which, it must be borne in mind, was written at the time when the offer of the Imperial Government to supply a detach ment of troops was under discussion: — 'It is therefore submitted that on grounds al public safety, public economy, public and private advantages, and in fact the well being of the community, it is highly desir able to agree to the terms offered to South Australia by the Imperial authorities, and make provision forthwith for the reception of the force of 166 soldiers.' With regard to the two letters which will be found else where, one writer takes the same side as the author of the memorandum, urging the value of soldiers as examples to the volunteers, and as the best force upon which to rely in event of invasion or cml commotion. The other sees nothing but vice, idleness, and expense in them. Indeed, in his anti-scarlet zeal he heaps an amount of obloquy upon the poor soldiers which they really do not deserve, weakening, as injudicious advocates often do, bis own case by exciting sympathy in favour of an over-abused opponent. . Equity. Ooubt.— The Primary Judge will sit in Equity this morning at 10 o'clock. KZNSrHOTON ASD NOBWOOD CORPORATION.— The first meeting of the Kensington and Norwood Corporation under the new regime was held at the Town Hall, Norwood, on Thursday evening, De cember 3. The Mayor and four new Councillors were sworn in and took their seats. Two protests were received on account of the election of Mayor and Councillors, but were eventually decided to be simply received. After disposing of a little ordi narv business the Council adioumed for a fort night Thr Rkv. C. W. Evak, B.A.— We regret to hear that the Rev. Mr. Evan, pastor of the Btovr Congregational Church, has. under medical advice, been obliged to seek a cessation from his minis terial labours for a very considerable time. We believe the rev. gentleman contemplates paying a visit to England, and we hope it may have the effect of restoring his health, which has been any- 1 thing but good for EOine time past. Institute Lecture.— The Kev. J. E. T. Woods us engaged to deliver another lecture this evening before the members of the Institute on 'The Extinct Animals of Australia.' Temperance Hall.— A musical and literary entertainment has been advertised to be given this evening in the Temperance Hall, North Adelaide. Lecture by the Rkv. J. M. Day.— On Thurs. day evening, December 3. the Rev. J. M. Day, of Mount Gambier, lectured in the Lefevre-terrace Baptist Chapel on behalf of the funds of the Baptist Chapel at Mount Gambier. There was a very large attendance, and Dr. A. Campbell pre sided. The lecturer had for a subject-** Ghosts I have seen.' and it is to be hoped that the audience in not having their love of the super natural gratified were not altogether disappointed, inasmuch as the lecture web an interesting one, although destitute of allusion to the creations of a disordered imagination. The greatest bogies which were introduced were those habits and determina tions implied by the use of such conventional phrases as, for example, 'To-morrow,' 'It can't be helped,' 'I forgot,' &c.-the; evil effects of which, carried out in public and private life, the lecturer abundantly illustrated. After the lecture a collection was made, and votes of thanks having hwn accorded to Mr. Dav and the Chairman, the proceedings closed. Port Waketield Railway.— We understand Messrs. Manders & Harvey have commenced an action against the Government for the amount of a contract on the above line of railway, some dispute having arisen as to the quality of the work. Crimbial Sittings. — The business of the Criminal Sittings concluded on Thursday, De cember 3. The sentence on Birrell, wliich His Honor fixed at three years' hard labour on Wednesday, was reduced to two years yesterday, after a reference to the Act. William Lennan, for perjury, was sentenced to three months' imprison ment; William Claike, indicted for concealing goods from the Insolvent Court, was acquitted. Adelaide Local Court.— Several defended causes came before the Adelaide Local Court (Full Jurisdiction-Civil), on Thursday, December 3. In McCoUv. Mclvor judgment was postponed. In Crowderv. Blythman a verdict wa3 entered for tha plaintiff for £9 16a. 6d. In Considine v. McNamara and Uxor a verdict was found for the plaintiff, damages £10. In McKiihill v. Stevenson the plaintiff was nonsuited. Adelaide Police Cocbt.— On Thursday, De cember 3, the Court was long occupied in the in vestigation of a charge of insubordination laid against a gunner of the Adelaide Artillery. Tfye pose, after a Ion? hearing, was adjourned to the following Monday. Charles Perry, otherwise W. Matthews, was committed on the remanded charge of forgery, as also on other charges of the like nature. 'Trust Heb NOT.'-The 10th number of the Addaidt Miscellany contains a musical supple' ment entitled 'The favourite song 'TruBt her not.'' As probably most of our musical readers possess Bilfe's celebrated duet of the same name, which the Carandink made so popular, it may be well to remind them that in purchasing the MtsctUany they will obtain a Very different com position. The melody ia of a simple and pleasing character, and is neatly printed. FATAL ACCIDENT AND INQUEST AT NORWOOD.— On Thursday, December 3, an inquest was held by the Coronter (Mr. R. Ingleby) on the body of Johann Christof Brockman, who had met with his death on the previous day by a kick from a colt. A Jury of 13 was empannelled, of which Mr. J. Z. Sellar was chosen Foreman. Alfred Chapman, a boy of about 14, said that he knew the deceased, and on Wednesday . afternoon went with him to catch a colt, which had run away. Deceased caught the horse and put a rope round its neck, intending to take it to the Maid and Magpie. He had gone as far as the Buck's Head when the horse bolted from him, and ran through Nelson-street into Osmond- terrace into a yard, where it was caught Deceased was leading it agaiu by a short rope, when it again escaped. On being captured the man tied a long rope round its neck, and went on a little further, when the horse attempted to bite him, and the deceased kicked it. The animal again tried to get away, and the man, to prevent this, twisted the rope round his arm. The horse then pulled him down and dragged him across the road to a fence, where it kicked him on the head, and then pulled him along, knocking him against a post and a brick pier, where the rope broke. Witness ran up to him, and found the deceased bleeding profusely from the forehead and nose. He called a lady who was opposite. She came, bringing a pillow and some water. Dr. Scott was then brought, and a stretcher was sent for, on which the man was taken to the Vintage Shades. Elizabeth Criffenden deposed to having seen the accident, and gone over to the deceased, who was bleeding at the head. She returned to fetch some water, and on coming again found a woman bathing his head, he died a moment after. Henry Scott, legally qualified medical practitioner, said that on arriving at the scene of the accident he found the deceased dead. He attributed his death to an injury received from a kick or a blow on the temple bone, just above the ear. The wound was very deep. The Jury returned a verdict of "Accidental death." Incenoiabisu Ai Tbcbo.— An inquest was held on the late fire in Mr. Hoath's paddock of wheat onTuesday atthe Crown Inn? Mr. A. Shanuou, J.P., acted as Coroner, and a Jury of 12 was sworn, of whom Mr. J. Sbarland was chosen Foreman. After the evidence of several witnesses had been heard, the Jury arrived at the verdict 'That the fire was, lit wilfully by some person or persons unknown.' . ' : A Kabbow Escape.— Mr. Samuels, traveller for Messrs. Harris, Scarfe. & Co., had a narrow escapu m Holiday afternoon, while driving down hill about ia'mile from Truro. His horse, through some un known cause, began to kick furiously, and broke tin shafts and damaged the splashboard. Mr. Sawutla succeeded in jumping out of the trap, and undid the harness whilst the horso was still kicking, lltf procured assistance to get his trap into Truro, where it was sufficiently repaired to enable him to proceed on his journey the following morning. Scythe Aooidkst at Yaskalilla.— A few days ago (ays our correspondent) the son of Mr,. Barrett, farmeiyof iCaracalinga, met with a serious accident. It appears he was returning home from mowing, and had put his scythe over the fence,1 but in getting over himself his foot slipped, and befell with his right wrist acipss tbe scythe, inflicting ft severe wound, and severing the ulnar artery and nerve and one or ttro tendons. The poor, fellow bled profusely, but Dr.' MiUner was quickly in attendance, .and did what ~wa» ©eseisary, aud tl.o patient is now going on well,' although it is feand some permanent injury may result. Death of Pbofessob Kholer.— Tbo PcrM Gazette aiul Western Aiutralia. IFima of October 30 says:— 'The very sudden death of Professor Kholer will be heard of by most of our readeta with surprise and regret lie was on the eve of his departure for the eastern districts,' when he wus seized with an attack of quinsy, which proved fatal in an unusually short time.' ' ' ... Japanese Cchiositifs.— If any of our reader*) wish to go from Adelaide to Jeddo at n ptcp, thty have only to pass the threshold of the' Japanese Bazaar just opened in King Wilnam- strcet, oppo site the Town UalL There is no charge for ad mission. The goods have been evidently selected by a connoisseur in articles of taste and vcrtu. They have been consigned to Mr. fiosenthal, an,l are for sale. On entering the establishment, the visitor will be struck with the very great variety and elegance of the articles exhibited. TherO are miniature cabinets, liqueur- stands, glove-boxei/ jewel-cases, card-cases, workboies, waiters, tray.\ writing-desks, and many other articles in wood, elaborately inlaid with silver, gold, aud pearl} porcelain vases, scent-bottles,' goblets, cups and saucers, bowls, and similar vessels of elegant forms; Japanese tops and puzzles, fans, cigar cases, pipes, &c.; Amonzst the more costly articles are a pan: of elegant. bronze water niters, most elaborately inlaid with silver. They originally belonged to Prince Satzuma, and were taken from the palace at O«aca amongst the spoils of. the war. As ' Christmas is coming,11 many a novelty may here be obtained as a present to a dear friend.. ' , Publicans on the Gold-fields.— Thursday' Gazette contains the names of nine applicants for licences for new public-houses on the BaroBsa Gold field andlone for Jupiter. WlLLUNQA AND POBT ELLIOT POSTAL Coil MtJHlCATlON,— An influential deputation wailed on the Chief Secretary on Thursday to request lhat postal communication might be continued beTVeen , Willungi and Port Elliot. The Chief Secretary replied that it was very probable this would be done. Meeting of Trades' Assistants.— On Thurs-' day evening, December 3, a meeting of drapers', giocers', and ironmongers' assistants was held at the Norfolk Aims, in order to take steps to secure the day following Christmas Day' as a holiday. There were about 50 present, representing ' the different trades, and the chair was occupied by Mr. Wahan. Mr. Short proposed, and Mr. Wibon ' seconded— 'That this meetine considers it desir able that steps should be taken to secure the day following Christmas Day as a public holiday.' I This being carried, it was, on the proposition of Mr. Smith, seconded by Mr. LoveU, resolved— 'That two drapers, two grocers, and two iron mongers be chosen to form a Committee, and obtain the signatures of the employers in favour of the movement.' Other matters were considered, and the meeting closed at an early hour. The fol I lowing were appointed as a deputation to wait upon I the employers in the different trades, and obtain I their consent Ironmongers— Messrs. Griffiths ami I Harrington; Grocers— Messrs. Funnel and Ander I Bon; Drapers— Messrs. Laffin and Smith. The Wklldigton-bo ad.— The main road to the [ Wellington ferry has become covered with drift sand to such an extent in the immediate vicinity of the ferryman's house that the traffic is com pletely obstructed, and it is only by trespassing upon private property that a vehicle of any sizs or weicht can cet to or from the ferry on the west side of tbe Murray. As there will most likely be considerable traffic over the river after harvest it is quite time something was done. It was thought by many at the time the road was made that it was a mistake to bring it over the sandhill, as the wind would soon cover it over with sand. This has happened, as expected, and probably it will be found imperatively necessary to have a deviation a little way round. However, wliateyer is done should be done quickly. In connection with this question a public meeting— Mr. Lyons in the chair— was held at the Wellington Inn on the evening of Saturday last, when tbe following resolutions were passed seriatim :— ' That owing to the present state of the road on the west fciile of the nver it is impossible to reach or leave the Wellington Ferry with a loaded vehicle of any kind.' 'That the attention of the Central Koau1 Board be called to the present state of tbe road I leading to the Wellington Ferry, on the west tide of the river.' 'That the Chairman of this meeting be requested to forward the resolutions to the. Central Road Board, and respectfully urge their immediate attention to the matter.' Soiree at Eden Valley. — On November 27 the Rev. B. T. Craig delivered the first lecture at the Oddfellows' Hall, Eden Valley, which was tastefully decorated with flowers. Mr. G. Melrose, District Chairman, presided. Dr. Vonnida managed the musical arrangements, assisted by amateurs from Mount Pleasant and the Young Men's Im provement Society. The entertainment com menced with the overture from "Norma" and a duet, "The Convent Bells." The Rev. B. T. Craig then gave his lecture on 'The Life and Times of Mary Queen of Scots,' which was followed by the duet, 'The Minute Gun at Sea.' After an interval the programme was resumed with a duet, 'The Army and Navy,' and a violin solo by Dr. Vonnida, concluding with readings by the Rev. Mr. Clayfleld, Messrs. Roberts and Giles, and the duet, 'What are the wild waves saying.' After votes of thanks, the National Anthem brought the evening s amusement to a very pleasant close. This having been the first attempt of this descrip tion in Eden Valley, and having proved successful, it is intended to form a Committee to carry out periodical lectures and form a Young Men's Asso ciation and Institute. The Rev. B. Craig, as well as our friends at Mount Pleasant, kindly consented to again assist. Much of the evening's amuse ment is attributable to their great assistance so welcome at the commencement of the under taking. Bqwdkn Band op Hope Festival.— The third annual festival of this JJand of Hope was held on Monday, November 30. The members of the Band of Hope-met at 2 p.m. at the Bible Christian Chapel; from here they marched in procession about the neighbourhood, headed by the Iiowdeu Drum and Fife Temperance Band. At 4.30 they had their U3ual treat, and at 5.30 the public tea was held, which was well attendeil. It was fol lowed by a well- filled public meeting, when the chair was taken by Mr. K. Gould. An excellent report was read by the Secretary (Mr. B. Gould). s.howin-j th.it there was an increase of 40 members; that the Band of Hope had worked prosperously durina the past year ; and also that financially it was in a cood position. Addresses were delivered hy the President (Kev. J. .SU)jel) and Mr. J. Pickering. Temperance recitations were given hy Messrs. Ashton. Hhodes. and B. Uould. and a dialogue by Messrs. H. Chaston and J. Gould. After the usual votes of thank* the meeting tlospd about 10 p m. The Drum &nd; Vife liand, which were stationed in the chapal grounls, did much to add to the enjoyment of the occasion. CR0P3 at Gawleb.— Most of the crops around Gawler are ripe, or nearly so, and the machines will be hard at work in a few days. The grain is good, the rust having apparently done no harm. On December 2, during the day and at uiRht, there were some light showers, but on Wednesday the weather was close and oppressive. Railway TRAmc.-The traffic on the Eoutn Australian Railways for the week ended November 28 was*— Port line— Passengers, 5.325; fare*. £821 15s. Cd.; goods. £184 7s. 9d. North line- Passen- gers. 1.99J; fares. £421 9s. 10d.; good*, JMi 7«. 3d, Total. 11,7% (*-? 3d, 