OUR LONDON NEWS-LETTER. [From our own Correspondent] London, Friday, November 6,1868. Accompanying I send you a full report of the proceedings at the dinner given last Tuesday to Sir James Fergusson, together with a short sketch of the scene, written by a friend. The idea of such an entertainment was a happy one; and though your new Governor modestly re- ferred to the honor done to him as more worthy of a tried veteran returning from the field, the proceedings will be read with the greatest in- terest in the colony. If from the list of gentle- men present there are many names absent which might have been expected to be Been there, it was rather their misfortune than their fault. The colonial Minister was unfor- tunately kept away, bat his place was well filled by Sir John Pakington, to whom our colonies are greatly indebted as an enlightened Minister, and whose neat euloginm on Sir James will be as gratefully appreciated in South Ans tralia as it was in Willis's Booms. The absence of Mr. Dutton was especially a matter for re gret. The illness which confines him to his bed seized him just after the acceptance of the ten ders for the loan; in fact, in consequence of exposure during his laborious efforts in con nection with that event The occasion would have been a suitable one for some remarks upon the not Very amiable but very persistent efforts to blow upon the financial credit of the colony, and Mr. Dutton would have been the man to make them. I believe the idea of this entertainment, and the conduct of the arrange ments, were dae.to the worthy Chairman, Lieut.- Colonel Palmer, who seems nearly to have succeeded in inducing the Duke of Edinburgh to grace the company with his presence. His Royal Highness probably would have come had he known beforehand that the Galatea was" going to stick fast between Plymouth and Devonport. But it needed not a Prince of the Blood to give an interest to the occasion. Possibly the most experienced speakers were a little too fall of reminiscences; bat young com munities are quite ready to discover that they have a history, and the gallant veterans were a link of connection between the past and the present. The Hon. A. Blyth, with the load of " fifty-four" on his shoulder*, excellently repre sented yeung Australia. He spoke with a manly pride of the spirit of independence which distinguishes South Australia even amongst her sister communities, and made an excellent hit in referring to English ignorance of Australian geography. One of the toasts was " Prosperity to New Zealand, and the Health of .Sir George Grey," but it was omitted, and the voice of the veteran Governor was not heard. The speech of Sir James Fergusson in response to the toast of the evening justifies all the expectations that have been formed of His Excellency. It was modest in spirit, felicitous in substance, and has the right ring about it That speech will be a better passport to a cordial welcome than even Hie eulogioms of Sir John Hay or Sir John Pakington. You will nave already heard by telegraph of the results of the tenders for the South Aus tralian 6 percent, loan of £400.000 on Tuesday, the 13th of October, at the Bank of South Aus tralia. X now subjoin a few particulars on the subject:—Theresult afforded an additional prcof of thefavor with which colonial securities of this class are regarded by the investing public here. The attendance was very numerous. Over two and a half millions were teadered for. Tenders at prices from £108 10s. to £107 ss. will receive partial allotment as follows:— £ £ ?. <L 2,000 at 8 10 0 per cent, premium. 2,000 "810" 7.000 "800" 5,900 " 7 18 0 79,000 " 7 16 0 11,600 " 7 15 6 2,000 " 7 15 0 202,000 " 7 B 6 " ? 8,000 " 7 II 0 10,000 "7 10 6 " 9,900 "7 10 0 " -" 6,000 "760" 1,000 "786 " ? ? " £3(6,300 53,700 "760 psr cent premium, being the balance, will be allot £4oo,ooo ted from tendera amount ing to £401,000. The aealed paper containing the miqimnm price fi^ by the Xgent-Ctonwalwi* not opened. I see that "A Colonial Beaker" In the Km expresses bis belief that, in consequence of the I unfavorable feeling caused by the ?tenements published relative to the treatment of tbe North Australian Company, your Government have suffered to die extent of £30,000 in respect to the new loan. Otira persons probafafy with more accuracy estimate the loss at £12,080. Some of the damage is to be attributed to the action of Mr. Elder in issuing as ?ttturtimrmt against the property of the South Australian Government, which was granted on his dedara tiwn that the sum of, I think, £14,000 was doe te tiie shareholders of the North A?.fa??,.. Company in this country. Nothing, of wane, will come of this manoeuvre, and the attach ment will no doubt be removed when the Laid Mayor's Court, over which Mr. Russell Gnraey presides, sits again. On Tuesday, October 20, tenders for the Go vernment of New South Wales Government 6 per cent, loan for £1,000,000 were opened at the Bank of New South Wales. The total amount applied for was £3,659.4 IX. All tenders at and above £98 Is. will receive allotments in full; thaw at £98 Os. 6d. will have abort one third of the sums tendered for, while aO below that sum will not participate in the allotment. The sealed mimmnm was not opened. The highest tender was at 102, and the lowest at 9L These two experiments show that the appetite for colonial loans has singularly increased within the hut two years, and apparently in propor tion to their increase in quantity. The S*per cent. loan above referred to is aaqaeatioUMr more advantageous to the Government of New South Wales than is the 6 per cent loan issued at an average of £107 12s. 6d. to the Govern, ment of South Australia, as may be a?en by any one who wdl beat toe trouble to calculate the matter. Moreover, this preference of a S per cent, overs 6 per cent stock is of recent date, as up to within six or eight months the stock exchange was more favorable to lie Utter. The understood reason is that a 6 per cent, stock would be more uniformly nearest to par, and those nearest "to par an by preference more extensively dealt utium other denominations. The letter signed "A Colonial Banker" re ferred to above (which appeared in the money article of the Time*) deserves more titan a casual reference. It eommenoes as f oDows:— "I venture to urge that Oie stern financial lesson taught the coloniss through the recent discussion in your columns should not be lost sight of by those concerns* in the honor of com menaal engagements or the taw progress of the British Empire. Had there been any good defence to offer for South Australia £20,000 more would have been realised for the sacarities jast sold, and the holders of previous issues would have been spared the reduction of £40,000 in the value of theii property. Sorely honesty u the best policy; and now that the 'otter thing* has been tried, the old but not very en lightened maxim may be again adopted. A few years since you, Sir, had to enforce a mmiUi lesson on Victoria in inspect to Geelongand Melbourne Railway bonds, and happily that colony found its advantage not only in re moving the stigma of an attempted repu diation of its engagements, but in subse quently mpin*M|ii? g its credit in the highest position, so that through the last finan cial crisis the securities were as readily dealt in or advanced upon as Consols themselves." The letter then goes on to condemn the finan cial arrangements and good faith of NewZea hmd, which are vindicated with much spirit by " A Colonial Taxpayer" in the DaiOt Wau, who seems to me to have much the best of tile argument "A Colonial Banker" then pro ceeds—and such words as these have a con siderable influence here, or I should not quote them:—"lt may be deduced from these facts that the English mind is sensitively and pro perly alive to its own interest*. The slightest deviations from the strict line of good faith, or the cleariy recognised principles of finance, have a prompt rebuke, which, with the aid of an independent press, is transmitted Kke * vi brating chord throughout all parts of the eom merci*l world. The m^tmint ere not too old to learn the lesson. They are Wuwmittig repeated borrower". The Governments, as a whole, attempt operations which here are left to jomt stock companies or individual enterprise. Their stateamwt, not endowed with Urge <Si??^?i experience, are deluded by ephemeral success, and, worst of all, the force of pure democracy will exhaust ia small communities' the land revenues, which should for ? long course of yean be the basis of national strength, and the best security to the capitalist for reproductive works. These facts will demand dose and intelligent consideration whenever each new loan is brought out, and I trust the same coarse as that recently adopted will test the true value of colonial credit and the reliance to be placed on such Government promises. If that is the case [have no fear that the RngH.t, pablic will be misled by high premiums, often only the evidence of a. weak or nominal market lam also sure that the young colonies will not rush recklessly into debt if a vigilant regard is paid to the various objects for which borrowed capital is invited. I fear from many of th ir undertakings being yet a. burden upon their ex chequer that -waste and prodigality are going forward; and it is notorious that what is called 'popular Government' is neither high-minded enough to preserve dignity in many of its pro ceedings, nor conversant enough with those delicately constituted feelings which mean credit and honor in nations. There are now snort 27,000,000 of Anstacansn end New Zealand securities; large further de mands are soon to ba made; and while these bonds are deservedly favorite means of investment, I trust you will continue to pro tect the public and to give such opportunities as the present for communicating with those who represent colonial authorities, and may in fluence the public mind of the colonies." As I said in my last letter, tile ex pwrte statements that were published in the Tout were calculated and intended to have, and BO | doubt did have, an injurious effect on the South Australian Loan. The following was published in the Australian Gazette on the [ subject a few days before the issue of the Loan, though such explanations can not be got into the leading journal, which is too much under the influence of the stockjobbers :— " Some five years ago the Government of South Australia, anxious to turn to account the suc cessful explorations of Stuart in North Aus tralia and to extend colonization along the northern coast of that continent, in order to raise funds for those purposes, and to provide for the surveys aud preliminary expenses of establishing a settlement, Bold in anticipation land orders conferring titles to town and country allotments. These land orders were extensively bought in the city by parties who knew weU what they were about, most of them having had a considerable and a very profitable experience in land speculations in Australia. The South Australian Government undertook to proceed | with the surveys and other preliminary opera- I tion?, and it cannot be denied that this duty has been greatly mismanaged, bnt still in no way to prejudice the good faith of the colonial Government or the credit of South Australia, for it was distinctly stipulated and understood that the undertaking was to be self-supporting, and that the revenues of South Australia itself were not to be held liable. It will be seen that the undertaking was essentially a speculation, into which the parties entered with their eyes open. When laid orders are bought under such circumstances for ridiculously low prices, and the profits of success are likely to be huge, there must be a corresponding amount of risk, which was estimated at the time in the value of the land orders. The South Australian Govern ment, without loss of time, sent out an expedi tion, which wan so badly managed that its failure was inevitable, and to this extent the South Australian Government is liable, and has never sought to repudiate ita liability. When the land-order holders became clamorous for a return of the purchase money, the South Australian Government justly pointed out that no limit of time was fixed, and tint it had still funds in hand to proceed with the undertaking, for which purpose two surveying expedititions have since been sent out to ascertain the best site for the future set tlement, and so far from there being any war rant for imputations upon the good faith of the South Australian Government, the very last mail brought word that it had submitted a Bill to the Colonial Legislature, offering extended terms to the holders of the Northern Territory land orders. Until they have accepted or re jected those terms the holders have no right to impute to the Colonial Government any design of breaking faith with them, for, on the con trary, it has admitted its responsibility even beyond the strict legal interpretation of its un dertaking. The City editor of the Times often passes very arbitrary judgments, especisHy in cases in which the colonies are concerned, but if anything can undermine the great influence of the leading journal it will be the fact that its columns, either through ignorance or a. determi nation not to investigate the real facts of the case, are open to ?parte misrepresentations—the animus of which is obvious—imputing bad faith to a Colonial Government so close noon the eve of an important financial operation that there i? hardly time for a reply, or eves ?a ytyUjn. turn, on its behalf." We are on the eve of the most important general election that has occurred for perhaps a generation past. Not merely thefiteof the Irish State Church trembles in the balance, but if that is duestablithed, allowed to form a Free Episcopal Church, and should revive and flourish under its independence, there cannot be a doubt that, in due time, the Church of England will be emancipated after a umOar fashion. So far, Mr. Disraeli is right The question of the connection of Church and State is at issue. But however that may.biLjn another: fortnight the complexion of Hie newlmriknatot elected under the auspices of househcrtdsufinige {limited," <as one may), will be known,- though the general elections will not be entirely over. A week ago there was * possibility of an ad journment of the dissolution. It was generally reported that Mr. Disraeli, on som? specious pretence or other, was endeavoring to persuade his colleagues to postpone that step for • week. If Oat had been done, not onfrvavU die cri? faav* bee. pnOmpA, bnt, fcrajons eomeqaenee. "Jeremy Dtddfet" as naprtetai February next. Another week's cWay would ?ot have prevented the new Ifct bsment from meeting, but would have made it taUNMiMe to test the Mreogth of poises before Christmas, and thus ? enaTtari of the next session would base faem wasted in the change of Ministry ?£ the arrsngemeirfa consequent upon it J? sooner was the rumor spread abroad, hov evar, than ttere was such an ?utcrr is tke press that tiw plot was abandoned and&abC; *he? was a Cabinet Council last Saturday, at which it was decided that faith shorfd faefenc witt tte public, and at to-morrows Mry Council it will no doubt be ordered that the dissolution shall be prockumed on Wednes&t;? next. This will enable moat of the elections ts be completed by the end of the following wesfc. ncbameat wfll meet about the 9th of Decer fcer, and by the 14th the swearing in anddtec tion of Speaker will have been completed. THris wfll leave 11 days before Christmas asd eel that interval the fate of the DisraeE Govern mart is expected to be seaki. This wsnefe now universally taken for granted. The fae> k?<fiscoantei the result* of the elections,. whish?re ?abstentiaQythesxmeas X ventured to predict in my last letter:—" More than leaf the Mala for the-new Parliament are ixncon *?*?*> ?n4?fcetaerals ?tart with a amjodfrof ?fc Bat thj? does not exhaust the list Wherever there are three candidates, two of oiie party and one of tie other, standing for • place which elects two members there^ is an uneoutestod seat tor the party which Ins ?w two candidates. Thirty-four seats are tarns seOTedto the Liberals, and about half-a-dozeE Ito the Tories, leaving a balance in faror of fee ZSH^H^SZP*** 001 nHK*y-twotol2o?rte£ ?.total of 3W tmeontested aests. Savwmm thatthe remaining 316 seats are equally amSl —which is the utmost the most Sanguine Coa servafavecanexpect-Mr. Gladstone will com mand qmte 388 supporters in the new Parian SMat, or double die liberal majority in the ex ptnng House of Commons." At present, how ever, this consummation has yet to be cesdteo, and the^eomtry is now in the thick of thecwvl out The Tone* cannot be denied the credit of showmgmuchjudgmentandplack. FirsLt&ey; ?w inundated the constituencies with bQIs •ad placards in defence of " our Protestant OoasUtntioo," and have for the most part enlisted the services of the clergy as clec tiowwring agents. It is * safer game than public meetings, where they are peculiarlv liable to be outvoted. In every town and almost every village, and even throughout fiiia busy metropolis, these spasmodic appealE against lianning over Sngtand to the xVjoe cover the dead walls; and, I fear, are not without effect. This work having been effec tually done, a host of candidates has been sect forth during the past month to contest every aaat where there is & ghost of a chance, and the Temples and Inns of Courts have been. rmmrted for fluent lawyers to stand election contests and spout fustian on behalf of on threatened Constitution. Nearly every Q.C ?ferns to be engaged in the ttay on one side or *• oner. The cost of these operations most be prodigious; bnt the Carlton Club Fond is huge beyond precedent In the metropolis only one constituency— that ? SBoatiiwark—it spared the turmoil of a contorted election, fAs you know, there are ?HJT seats (or die City of London, and the four <Hd members, Baron Botiuchfld and Mescrs. Goaehen, Pattason, and Laurence ate again t?? the field. They hive three opponents—ali unknown men—and though the Liberal agents confidently nn out that they can secure all faj* ??*^ ?e action of the minority dams, which prevents the electors from voting for more than three candidates, gives the Tories a good chance of carrying one nun. la Westminster, Mr. Stoart Mitt wfll be hardly pressed by Mr. W. H. Smith, the great newt agent ; bis rapport of Mr. Bradlaugh, the atheist, and interference with sundry electignE, having alienated many of bis friends. For Chelsea Mr. Odger, the working mui's candi date, and a vary able man, has been obliged to retire by the decision of appointed arbitratmx, and baa very handsomely come forward to ad vocate the claims of his successful competitor, Hoara, {who will so doubt be retained with Mr. DOke. In Lambeth Mr. Margin Howard, the Torr, is very strong, but it may be doubted whether he will succeed now that there are only two Liberal candidates in the field. In MaryleWne there are three liberals, bat the Tories are weak. Dr. Sandwith, of Kara, will probably displace one of the sitting; mfflnhsrs. Mr. OTOalley, the Protestant bar rister, has come forward for Finsbury, and has enlisted all the Evangelical clergy in his favor, but the sitting members, Messrs. Torrens and lAsh, an too strong to be unseated, though Mr. Cox hat once more entered the field. Fur Hackney a Toiy has jnst come forward, aad there are five liberal candidates to divide ttse votes and neutralise each other. It is the same in the Tower Hamlets, where Mr. DisraelTs prottj/e, Mr. Corpe, has a chance of being elected unless the liberals can arrange their differences. It was thought that Mr. Alderman. Sakmooi and Mr. Gladstone—who is pot for ward for Greenwich as a place of retreat if need be-^would have had a walkover. Bat two Tones are in the field, though they have no chance. The Constitutionalists have threatened Middlesex, and have aswlled East Surrey, bat their efforts will be useless. It will be only a "vain show." . So much for the metropolitan area. The contests elsewhere are too numerous to be spe cified. The moat interestingis, of coargs, that el South-west Lancashire, where Mr. Gladstone is now said to be safe, and his collogue also. Then there is North Lancashire, where it is a Mek-aadrneek race between a Hartington acd a Stanley. Sir Stafford Northcote is safe for North Devon, but his colleague, Sir John Pakmgton, win, if the screw is not pat on too severe, be bard pressed at Droitwfch by Mr. Corbett It is quite possible that the Duke of Mariborough will be defeated in the person of his nominee at 'Woodstock, by the Hon. Sir. Brodrick, who is a plucky formidable antago nist; and the Earl of Malmesbury may be hipped under similar circumstances at Christ church. For Cambridgeshire, Berks, Hertt, the three divisions of Derbyshire, and two of the West Biding constituencies, there is a keen contest—indeed the county elections will be highly exciting, owing to the prodigious actrritv of the clergy, the fanatidan produced by the "No Popery" cry, and the vile slanders that have been heaped upon Mr. Gladstone. I fear there will be some hot work, and, perhaps, some seriousriots. Among the boroughs Birmingham takes a foremost place. Mr. Bright has been lately among his constituents stimu lating their real. Of coarse bis seat is safe ; bat there are two Tory competitors against his two liberal colleagues. It is thought that by dividing the town into ward*, and the Liberals in each ward voting steadily for the two lowest on the poll, that all three of their men may be returned, with 3,000 votes to spare. At Leeds tie liberals cannot hope to return more than two Liberals; in Liverpool they may only secure one. There is a Tory tip for Glasgow; but there the Liberals hope to secure all three seats. At Manchester the issue is doubtful. So much for the three-cornered constituencies. At Sheffield Mr. Roebuck will probably be dis placed by Mr. Mondclla, the eminent promoter of Courts of Arbitration in industrial dispute? ; at Bradford Mr. Myall's return seems all but certain, spite of the most virulent opposition; Mr. Osborne will have a hard fight for bis posi tion at Nottingham; Mr. Bruce is still in danger at Merthyr; Dover, Bristol, Bedford, York, and Boston wffl probably record liberal gains. But there are at least a score of seats where the only chance for the Tories arises from the divisions among their opponents, though as the day of election approaches the number b diminishing. There are now two working men candidates in the fie',l. Mr. Cremer seeks to displace a Tory at Ayles bury, and Mr. HaxtwaU to supptaat s> liberal at Stoke, but 'neither seems to stand much chance. At Blackburn and Bolton there have already been serioos riots ; at Dewsbury, I fear, there will be sad work; and the success of a Tory against Mr. Ernest Jones at Manchester would probably lead to disturbances. Then it may be noted that Mr. A. Trollope, the novel ist, has taken the field as an out-and-out sup porter of Mr. Gladstone; that Mr. Marsh, of Australian notoriety, has been obliged to retire before the indignation of his constituents at his Adnllamite proclivities; and that Mr. Horsman, disowned by Siroud, is wooing, not very successfully, the electors of Falkitk. if the Tories secure 10 seats in Scotland, they may consider they have done welL In Ireland tha issue is less certain, bat the Liberals are work ing hud to secure Dublin, Belfast, Deny, and Newry, and probably they will increase their majouty fay half-a-dozen rotes. In my rapid review of the election field I had almost forgotten Oxford TJoironaty. Sir W. Heathcote, a fine specimen of the Conservative gentleman of the old school—affable, cultivated, higfa-min&ed;, and consdentiims- liasretired, be! wildered and disgusted with the edaeational processes of then?w leader of the party. And here by the way I may quote a good saying re pesiedbyMr.Goechen; M.P., at? City ISeet ifig in OlashaikDof the position Mr. Djcaeli occupies towards the Tory party :—" *He does aot belong to <mr eleven* aaid a Conserraftve owsday,'be is our professJooal bowler.' No. thing could more accurately describe the?sti •dMttcm In.which Sic Dbadi is hxM by tiu?e Jfae claims to have 'edocated.' He does the psrk, and pulU through thejgame *£& a doe fertile bbiiwimb playeta, ?sA they in tarn pay^for hu ?eraees, but Imp faba oat aide thepale." Sir Wlllian He?£eete. 4is satisfied, £keGenezslPael, Lord Contarvgo, and Lord Salisbury with the ''professional bowkr." retires, end Mr. Hardy's frienas have pat n? inbiarte*dMr.Mowbi>,y,?uiA4v?sai£Gs?e: raL who bas beat uveveuMj deskMted w the Hinh Cburch Conservatives, have nomi tiAteii Sir RouudeU Palmer, who wouM hwes Iwu she m-kt Lord CbaaeeUor, but for W'TfS sitiutiou* liifferences with his leader and friend on tbe Irish Church question. Sir BoondeU hi fwi diwMitabliahment, but not for disendow iiimit. Tliera is aa extraordinary -T^Haatinn of iulluoiitul aiea baliwgiin to the Uaivonity in Uvor of tbis BoMe and brilliant lawyer, but the use-resident eisrioal voters are numerous awl bigoted, and ate quite ready to aoeept Arebdmoua Deaisoo's belief Oat it fa as tfiWlu as then is a sun in Heaven, that if they help to pull down the Church of Eiigtand, the Church of Borne would sweep ?t<* them like a need, and would Usf them up n an ok licketh up the grass. Tits election excitement has received an enor mous impetus from the eUation addresses of the Liberal leader. It is a now thing to find a great statesman—a man who will soon be clothed with a power which Sir Robert Peel might have euvied —descending into the arena, au 3 takiug part, with the ordinary combatants. But Mr. Gladstone is too earnest a politician to ]>iu bit fnitli ud traditions. He knows that the bfst intiilote to scurrility and saiawpiseeuta ti.iij Hie c*udid explanations aad dignifiedargu iMtut. The superfine Pall Mail Octette does ik<( like la see the Premier-sf parent "taking i,j tbu stump." Mr. Gladstone knows bettor ho ir to resoh the public fmnirtenna. His spmbes at Liverpool, Newton, Ormskiik, W'iguu, and other pUoee, have exercised a gnat influeeoe throughout tae comntry, and have fui uuhed his followers with aa armory of facto uuil arguuienU, and with a model of the method in arbinh ibe conflict should be conducted. His ?peecfae* ars simply en axpanaMn of his election tttltlnw. He haa given us a vivid history of the Kefonii movemeut for the last three y?ars, anil si if that were not enough to meet the |ti?t?ukiunt of his opponents, Ess shown that m i^x-ct to the Reform Act the Tories h ive origiosted no important olauses but the rjt?p?ying proviston, which will hare to be re pPHljd. Mr. Gladstone goes in strongly for a I'riirenehmeot of our eaormoos expenditure, *n<l he will soon be in a position to nuke good his promise. He clearly proved that the Tories hiil a<Ued three millions to oar permanent out- Uv. ami Attributed it partly to the necnssitiee of ihpir (lOintioD aa a weak Government in a minorii y. Frequent ocession was taken to oon .ii>mn the vaoUlating and dishonest policy of the CoDten-sUro Cabinet—" Sometimes watered down to the extreme of debility, eometimes firing to the ssveatli heaven of rhetorical exag g<r??on, and telling us that we wen proposinf tfiat wbich waa worse than foreign oonqaseL* Tbo policy of Mr. Disraeli was such that you nee.i not fear his not ultimately enaoadiag. aa happened after the Hyde Park riots, the vary measures asked by the Liberals; but "you would get them at thst stage at which, instead of enlightened oenvuUon, a slavish fear has become the motive." " I leek," ftffudadud Mr. GlmUtone, "totWs Protestant people to pat ilown Protaeteat aaeeadaacy. which pretends t<> roach ite ends by doing homage to i.ii g iou? truth, and iastosd of aoa- K.rt?iing politioi, deseentes religioa." tlie Irish Church question—aa that which requires to he first dealt with-was that which h<i.| the greatest prominence in his sililiess Hi? telling exposure of the coaduct aad posi tion of the Government, his keen and cutting criticism of the report of the Commission, and fail elooueet exhibitions of those greet prfa ei)>Us of troth ud Justus which demand th? ?<inption of Aa oourse he has prop used, wen •JmiraHlF done. Perhaps he somewhat ovar ?fsted the difference bet ween the English aad In.h EstabUshmenta, but Mr. Gladstone spoke is a sUte*mau who has s particular work in hni.J, but whose mind is progressive. Though, he declared that the Eagueh Church ought not t > bs, ?ud ouinot be, disestablished, evosta will probably prove too strong for him. Than w? hardly any phase of thelriah Church eon tio versy that he neglected-no sophistry that vra? left unexposad by his ltneninfallonl The argnoient that the Irish Church is a Mis sionary Church was thus met by Mr. Glad stone —It appears then, after aIL that the Churob of Ireland doaa.not exist in Ireland for the purpose of maintaining tae light andglory ?f the Refonnatiou, as Mr. GataomeHaidj ttiyt. (Laughter.) But that the business of ttif Church of Ireland U to oonvert stiay Non conformists, and to bring them back to the fold. (Laughter, and cheers.) Now, this really i? a discovery— it is a msgnlfionnt discovery. (laughter, and oheers.) It seems to shift the whole state and position of affairs; it gives you a aew point of view, ss they call it, and it if a inort serious matter if, after all the eon sideratioo we have already given to tbis matter, ?rbioh we thought lay mainly between the Cburch of Ireland and the people of Ireland, we ire to be told that it doss not Us between them at all—tb?t it is admitted the Church uf Ireland has failed wholly, utterly, miserably, &? regards the majority of llir people of Ireland, who an < it holioa, but that it has had a ????g?^Tnt success, and that these unfortunate Presbj tmiani, who were more than two to one to I 'horoh people two hundred years ago, are now somewhat less than Church peenls in number. Therefore, ge&Ueraea;, piw consider it as an niiti-Protostent propsgaadlsm you an invited to eot?r upon. (Laughter and cheers.) That ii the answer they give. I believe that to bs the only aaswer. But I must also tell you this, t hat if it were true, it would not be a vary good answer. I suspect the six or seven ?"il'Vrcn of Kunoomfonnist* in this country, and the three millions of Presbyterians in Sootland, and the half a million or more of Presbyterians in Ireland, will not be particularly weU pleased with this new view of the position of the Cburch, the friends and advocates of which, in days when things are quiet, are apt to turn what is called the ooid shoulder to the Presby teriaas—but of late then an a portion of them, •artUmlariy the active poUtMans, who make the most warm and moving appeals to the Prea bvterisu body, aad entreat them tojrat shoulder t > choolder, and confront the enemy in the field, in the name and for the sake and for the interests of their eomsMM Protestantism. (Cheers.) The explanation is this—but I must not go at length into it to Ireland, in the be eiuning of Hie 17th century—it is difficult in deed to trace minutely the confused irimlsshs ticsl history of the country, which at that time was but half organised—but Uis well known that e large portion of the parishes and incumbaetei ..f the oountry-a very urge portion, Indeed, of I Itter, and some parts, I believe, bayondit, wen in the hands of Presbyterians, and, of course, therefore the rVeswytarUas counted at that time a* s very huge number in proportion to the members of the Church. And it is perfectly true up to a certain point that by the fact of becoming Episcopalian*—by the fact of having Episcopalian government placed over tile parishes, the Bpisoopalian government became uniform throughout the oauntry, instead of having s Presbyterian government placed over them—it is true that a number of parsons same to be Donated ss Episcopalian who before thst had been oosatod as Presbyterians. Now Out is the explanation. Then is bo truth in the allegation that the Irish Church has bean sac oeseful in putting down Dissent either by force or persuasion. (Cheers.) It has been saseess ful in putting down nothing. (Lead cheers.) Hut it bs? been very successful in putting up sora?tbtug. It has pat up agitation-, it has put up controversy ;it has put up, aa I have shown, id comparison with Protestantism, the Roman Catholic religion, which haa thriven, and does thrive, under that sense of civil injustice which makes all ite professors who an loyal men nllv round it with a determined adherence! (Cheers) OentieSMn, car motto is, "Bs just, aad fear not." Do you approve that motto, or <io you uot ♦ (Criet of "Yes,1' and load sheers.) If Mr. Gladstone's seven grand speeches have dom> naught else, they have seeand him, it is believed, his seat for Sooth-west Lancashire. Thevhavebeea supplemented by Mr. Bright, who at KirminghM?, gave a g—f^t- htstori of the Tory psrty for the last 40 years to show what were their olaimi to the support of a progressive nation Ths fals.potftioe in wttofc tuefttiss Ht? no* placed cannot bs better indicated than by the style of Mr. Bright*a appeal to the new elector*. " Metaphorically, may I not aay," he remarked, "that yoor chaws an bat last drooped off '-they lie now at your feet; your limb* at the very mosMat an son from their c-haflng ; the sound of their clinking has not left your ears, and yea an impudmtiy aad audaciously asked to vote for the men and for the party who for hundreds of yean have i ivetted these chains upon you! * And tikis b) •be light so far as can he lodged, m which U? n?w electors regard Mr. DisneU'* claims upon them at the present time Mr. Bright devoted toother epssoh to point out the sbortoomings of the Reform BULsad the monstrous and irritating tefosttcsor the minority clause. He has also mads several ?peeofaes at Edinburgh, which an reported by telegraph in the daily papers to tholength of five or six columns. In fact the position of the boa. geaticmen is new altogether altered. The T,met praises him, the Astarstojr Kerne* is deferential, and a. very high position in the1 oeit Government is within his gran. Whether Mr. Bright will be Minister & laW-whlch , would make him the master of the Earl of Mjyo, the new Goveraor-Oeeurei, or Seen tary for Ireland-wbich would go tar by itself ! to reconcile oar Celtic fellow-oooatmun to Haxon rule, or will hold sons sucawa ottos with a seat in the Cabinet, there is little doubt that within two months, he will bs slothed with oflleiftl responsibilities. Toe good old Archbishop of Canterbury (Dr. *?&} £** ? Ad4ta?fa? •- th?2Btti of October, after about sU weeks' illness, arisia* out of au attack of bronchitis while enfoyia*: j come rebMstion intiw Tyrol Tne 9*££2> gives a very Interesting aosoant of Us last memoats, whish is worthy quoting :— " HU mental BetwannmelaaAaniajvnd, and he was Mcupied uaseastagry in nadingdevo. tional bosks, or in writing er gMnc festras-1 Mobs nnsusralng Us sheafs, whisk he had almost eemplctol, though ha had quite given up ! tti?ldcaofo^lHng^?imar "He anticipated the and almost from the first, aadi?SMper written three or four days •go. *hsa speeldng was beoesMdimcnit to him. h.e^'lecmmttmysottlato the handset my God sod dear Raviour. I have had proofs oswug* of Hislov. in the Bast, andlssVwatl sasand thst whatever suffeiiags or trials an smittoatobsfall Mlr^£.7b? " Though A slay pic, yet will I tnut in Him." •?*to tfce £& mwhich I wish to die, I cannot Mtetiairw fe than in Bkhard Hooker's dying woWs, m indicated in the underlined f*fM0 1 have written oat. A poor and guilty sinner I know myself to bs; but I believe that those who kneel at the foot of the Ohm* with this sincere confession will aevar be out out if they look to tha cleans ing blood of Christ for their sole ground of pardon and acceptance." The following ta the extract from Hooker:— "Though I have by Hl* pue loved Him in my youth, and foandlDm in mine age, and labored to fen a oooscienM void of offence to Him and to all nuu,vetlfTfcHi,OLerd,beextnineto mark what I have done tain, who can abide itt And, therefore, whan I haw failed, Lord, afcow mercy to eae: far I plead, not my rigbteotisneaLsrtUiefergivsttesi of my own un righteousness, for His aaia who died to pat ebase pardon for ptaitaat sinners. Aadsmcel owe Thae* death, O Lord, let it not be terrible, and than take ThhM own time. Let not mine, O Lard, bat Thy wfll be done." On Sunday Bu Oraoe appeared decidedly bettor, bat oa Monday afternoon the diaeaae changed for the worn, and from that time he sank rapidly. He received the Holy Commu nion about midday oa Tuesday, making all the raaponaea with a cheerful and happy face. Hia bat intaUigible words mm Am of the "Gloria in Kxoelsis." Bat hU looks and gaetana proved how eagerly he Joined in the prayen and ejaculations which were amid with him daring the day, and never waa there aeen a more beautiful peace than that of his last hour. About 6he became imnonsaWis. The member* of his family, with hia medical attendant. Dr. Carpenter, aadMr.Bsnham, the vicar of Addington, were with him to the last; and he died, in the middle of the worda of oom menJatio?, en quietly that die hat moment was not perceptible." It seems odd enough that oar "?"—''?? Premier shoald have the disposal of the highest position in the Church. Bat Mr. DisraeHwill perhaps choose as judiciously aa any other statesman, and he has shown, by conferring the see of Peterborough on Dr. Magee, Dean of Cork, that he can ehoose wisely and weU. If he follows traditions in the matter, he will pro bably select Dr. Jackson, Bishop of Lincoln, or Dr. Harold Browne, Bishop of Ely. Should he yield to Court preferences, the new Primate will he ti? Bishop of Oxford, which wOl create a gnat ferment, and Dean Stanley the suc caaeor of Dr. WObeforee at Oxford, Bat this plan would he too hazardous. To translate Dr. Thompson from York to Canterbury would be to make a too active and abb and nronoaneed a man the now Primate. The Bishop of Dur ham—the judieioas Bishop, aa Mr. Gladstone calls Ikim—would be a popular appointment; the tianatationof Dr. French, the Archbishop of Dublin, would be another opportunity of suggesting that the two Churches ere indi visabU. Ptmek gives a capital cartoon this weak row scanting the gay and worldly Premier ?hiding between two grave prelates, and doubtless Mr. Disraeli is eon perplexed with his great puce, and is at a loss what to do with it There is not another Bad of Mayo to slip into the see of Canterbury, and for one church dignitary who U s.tisfiea there will bee score disappointed. I think it is Sydney Smith who deptoto awre mo the consternation of a Prime Mrnktaronresaint of the news of the decease of an Archbishop of Canterbury. Bat Mr. Disraeli's presence of mind never fails him. Oar Princes are again on their travels, or pie paring for them. The Prince and Prinoses of Wales will scon proceed to Denmark, then through Germany, and will find their way- to Igypt. I cannot aay whether the Daks of n^bnrgh ha* startel a* yet oa his long cruise. He wsefc have loft on Monday, bat as fll-lnek woaU have it, the Galatea grounded between Devoaport aad Myiaouth Sound, and has Ud to be docked. Bat she is now in sailing trim, and wUU suppose, proceed to ana forthwith. A eoart of enquiry into the cause of the casual!} haabeenneldat Dev?nport,andthe resalt of the mvaatigation, which has not transpired, fa to U submitted to the Admiralty. It eeems that the original programme of the second voyage hat bean to some extent attend, too in tention to visit the islands in the Paeme, and to proceed northward as far aa Vancouver's Island, having been abandoned. Oa leaving Plymouth the ship will proceed to the Oape ofCtood Hope, calling at Madeira e* romU. She is expected to smve at tile Oape by the end of Deeember; and after remainuK there a few days, will sad for Swan Biver, Western Australia, when she is tinted to arrive bj the dose of January, 1868\. Early in February she will leave for Sydney, calling at Adelaide and Melbourne, which will occasion a delay of probably eight or ten days; and ahoat the middle of Match •hewiH eeataaae her voyage to Wellington and AnnHand, New Zealand, arriving at the former port about the end of the month. The Galatea wiU remain there a short time, and is appointed to leave andtlsnd towards the close May for Yokohama, in Japan, the distance being about 6,000 miles; and she will probablyreaeh the latter port by the end of Jane. She wfll then return by way of the Oalf of PecfcOi, Hbng ksng^lsW Singapore, ud PanugTsid proceed to Calcutta, when she may be expected to arrive by the end of October. On leaving Calcutta the Galatea wfll continue too ntara Mauritius to the Oape of GaweTHope, which port she will agate nach by the middle of | ApriLAftar leaving the Oape she wffl call at at the eloee of July, 1870. The cruise of the Galatea will tans extend over • period of one year and ton months, and by the time the ship again reaches aa English port she will nave oovend a distance of upwards of 39,000 miles. It does not seem thatin this business-like and exact prognmms provision has been made for calling at any Spanish port, or the Duke might be kidnapped, and carried esT against his will to be crowned at Madrid. Bat, aeriuualv the idea of making Prince Alfred King of Span, if ever anything mom than a mere speculation, has gone oat of remembrance. A more likely person was Ferdinand, a true Ooburg, and father of the present King of Portugal, and Regent daring hie son's minority. He is a sensible, aipmanoed man, and perhaps it will Botbeheld to detract from hia wrtomthat he nsalntaly aniurowa baforehand Hut he want* no crown, and will not have one; but prefers. ftnstto hop- ef uniting Spain tad Portugal dow, or in thei future, seem to fall to the ground, and the Portuguese an very nuarissT to the idea. They are wise, for it would be ones again the story of the brass and earthen vassal -"T-r. down the stream together. Yet the Spaniards ate showing marvel o*l Moderation and re ttcence. They have surrendered themselves to Prim, Serrano, Ohnaga, and the rest of the successful revolutioafci, who act as they weS without a crown and aoeptre, and Queen faabeUa is forgotten, TheWdmg powers ef Europe have nsognissd UuGoWnimcat */e^ except Russia, which can PapalNuncio doss badness with the new MhlifVL FoM* l, A? Ww' B?J?witehave already been expelled the country, and aU the MMsterioi and nunneries established since yy?>yg^irft>>"|w|<i'?*• T** **??*?f Spain has gnat property, and soon **^J"fljJ^?^jraJjoaa for meeting nates. The Goverameat have decreed freedom ofttnscW.fnedomef equation, and we are tr^2?*J£Z tm*Jm^ v^dk the stnete of Madrid with a Bible under each arm without ?plantation. The revolutionary Jantas have aU been suppressed, and the Prim-Serrano Government rules with a strong hand. At the and of this moat* the enMtWwffl take nUse, and about Christmas the Osnatitaent Oortei wfll most to decide upon the form of Govern, ?sat Tte nation ftbsaid, still iadwes to a eonstttatianal monarchy, and the various see tens of hognsZsteHihoral CJenbte. IS DTS2l to. ?• *£* *? •?we to • &** soaaifasto in favor of a monenhy. Bat when *^ *??^to be •btatoedf ThenvS rub. flirmn talk nf lTlns sTsiisilsiu bul ll_l utobtel chfaf kin^sSTSW; 1 % favors the Duke of nTnotpeaslsr; bat the £-i?d. have l^^oksTwStt.' lloate f?gooda?laU. Perhapa^ywDlatth.-mak. SSlnffiitt^ft Mtesrland and the UnitJatatn,ZTcZrt ?J" ?• 4s*elopsd, and the fess&dTdo; MteosMder theyan ealkd upoa to take the advise of Earepesn potentates as to their fatan farm of Government. Thonah a paemo feeling obtains in France. I and tik* King of Priw. q?Mh on opeateg hUOhamban was eminontty rVassari?g^ent event, in Austria have caused some dmoutetude. Bsnn ??• Bswt tells the MiitaryOsnimittee that hat master wants an army of 600,000 men. because if war shoald break out Austria must he able to sustain a position of armed neutral^ Thisrevaalsanarncres?njar which has eaused aonMuasaateMte?onpa. Explanations hare been offend, bat the armament has been •sesntod to, aad the ****** thinks that 800,000 Man an none too saany for so gnat an onmin, Aartria is to he, thes, afteT3t • n^arysuaarehy, and apparendya taettaUy of rnaos. It Ha great pit^ for It wffl cmou- | ngaj*voleon IIL to keep as his inonaeinK ] The PiosiileiiHsl election has ended as waa •?nested. General Grant and Mr. Oolfsx ob taiaHtt votes, and Mr. Seymour and Mr. Blair SB votes in the Electoral College, and Grant U ttwPnsideat elect Bat ttTrWcrats have atnylisncd their position in Osagnai, and the sbpiUioaM eanso longer ooaiaaaad a two ?s*JJJte. Thta is wSTST' be ngntted 7l moderate policy is now necessary to brine the •oath cordially into the Union, aadGrantis not the man to go to extremes. The era of cnarittation has now, it b to be hoped, oom moacad, which wfll heal the woundsiSl bttter acssef the fast. Th* reign of violence am toksMrscNssd with thedeath of the remores lsasStovana, aad the Sooth must be governed wUhtkw assent of the white popnla&n.; Of coons General Grant will not sanrno the fane- Mobs of PnsfcUat till next March, bat Mr. Johnson will no dembt conform to Oe popular witt bow fully deoWed, aad act merelr inhk executive capacity without frustrating the policy of reconstruction. It is not unlikely that Seward will remain as Secretary of State, but then seems some chance that Keverdy Johnson may be recalled from London aa being too Eogliih. 