THE REV. BB. BARBY'S LECTURE ON THE HOLY CATHOLIC OHUBOH. "I BELIEVE IN TAB ITOLT OATHOLIO Ononcn: WHAT BO I MEAN?" .. Tho following ia a report, in oxionso, of the Hov. Z ',- Barry'« Locturo, at tho Tomporanco Hall, an tho 20th ' .Ultimo: Mu. CIIAIIUIAN,-Th» large attendance, as Well aa " ;tho woloomo greoting which my thomo Has mo't with in this hall, already encourages mo, and tost! Qos that ... for^ interesting . tho Protestant Allianco Friondly Society, it is not necessary to choose some light or mirth-provoking subject: but that words grave with . the awful burden of eternal responsibility, unchanged amidst tho changes of fifty generations of men, having had through -all that period tho seal of. martyrs' blood,, tho testimony of heroio lives, are still to you, os to tho fathers, tho spell-words of a deathless influence, tho watchwords of a faith far dearer than property or life. You are aware that the creed containing the words selected is, in tho Church of England, at every morn ing service, repeated twice, in tho form of tho Apostles' ' Creed and of tho Nicene Creed, and, on stated occa sions, a third time under ' tho title of tho Creed of St. Athanasius : and although there may not be .with all evangelical, denominations this custom of repeating tho creed aloud in' public.worship, yet not less do those denominations agree in holding to it as tho symbol of their common Christianity. This creed is also held by the Church of Rome, and, with a few words difference, by tho whole Eastern Church ; in fact, throughout tho whole earth, by all who have the remotest claim to Christianity, this is an article of tho creed-" Tho Holy Catholic Church.". But, as amongst ourselves, although we all use ' these words, all have not tho same meaning—as one .denomination arrogates to itself tho name " Catholic," denying it to others, and pretonds that out of its pale " there can be no salvation ;" and as it has come to pass that by tho perpetual urging of this demand upon our courtesy, tho conventionality of modern politeness tends to call people what they wish to be called rather than offend them, it is tho more neces- sary for us to use the words gravely, thoughtfully, intelligently, and by keeping . before us their true history and meaning, avoid losing tho distinctness of our profession in tho.fogs of spurious liberalism. As there are conflicting claims there must, of neces flltv, be some controversy in balancing them ; but in controversy there need be no bitterness. Where invective begins. there argument usually ends ; .and for my own part my whole nature revolts against insulting any man becauso of conscientious conviction Tho stronger they are, tho more I respeot him, pro vided only he supports them with reasons, and not with mere assertion, or with violence or abuse Tho man who merits contempt is he who is so in different or so careless as to have no convictions ;who is what he was born to, and for no other reason; who believes without question whatever he is told; who submits his reason and his faith passively to dictation But if there is anything more despicable than this, it i tho monstrous absurdity: of universalism, which w read in newspapers and hear in senates, and whic earns for many tho name of "liberal" instead of the proper one of "fool," namely, tho proposition that of two contradictory creeds both can be equally true. . -Tho Christian religion, from tho beginning, re pudiated this ; tho heathen . system maintained it All religions being held by the people equally true by the philosophers as equally false, by tho governor as equally useful, all were ready to accept Christianity on tho same easy terms, which Christianity, at tho sore expense of ages of bonds and blood, rejected with disdain. Had compromise been read upon her banners then had the offence of the cross ceased.. A handful of perfume, thrown on a fire, might have saved many a martyr his faggot, or his fight in tho arena; but he had not learned tho new idea, which :is not one which in .an evil day would be fruitful of such sacrifices. He only knew tho uncompromising principle of St Jude .." Earnestly contend for. the faith once for. all de livered to tho saints ;" or of St Paul : " Though we or an angel from heaven,preach any other gospel than that ye have received, let him be anathema." .'Now, in their "contention*' for', that faith, thor onco for all delivered- not to be added to, nor dimin 'ished, absolutely unchangeable-there early, arose thc necessity of a summary ot its loading truths; a?d the ' . moro tho faith spread to different countries, and cami into conflict with different forms of error, tho more copious became tho expiration of that "form of sound words," which were, as it were, tho nucleus of tho whole faith and the focus of its concentrated light. Tho confession of the Triune God, in the very terms of baptismal initiation, was tho germ, and really in a sense contained tho whole; and even this we find further condensed in tho early confessions in the Acts, to the "name of tho Lord JESUS" ; but success sive heresies necessitated more formalised definitions and nicer distinctions, and hence there were com posed, among others, those creeds which they called symbols or watchwords of tho faith, which we recite by tho names of tho Apostles', tho Nicene, and the Athanasian. These three ancient creeds are all one: tho Apostles' Creed was expanded into tho Nicene at tho General Council of Nice, A.n. 825, and completed at Constan- tinople, A.D 881 ; and tho Athanasian Creed is a further expansion of tho Constantinopolitan ; ' but no new articles are added requiring any now confes- sion as the condition of Christian communion. . Each of these contains this article-"Tho Holy Catholic Church. Our word,"church" is derived from tho Greek adjective kusiakn -belonging to tho Lord -from kusios—tho Lord-and may have under stood tho noun ôikea -tho' Lord's house. Tho Scotch word " kirk" comes nearest to it in sound, but tho German word "dem- chirche"- a cathedral- com bines with tho kusiakn tho 'abbreviation of its Latin form Dominica,and thus doubles the idea of possession by the Lord. Tho adjeotivo appears in tho Now.Tbs ? -tamont twloo-1 Cor., xl. 2, Tho Lord's Supper, and ". Rev. i, 10-" Tho Lord's Day ¡" and tho moaning » ''"?shown in suoh passages as Hob iii 0- "But Christ as ' a ' Bon over His own .houso"-" The Lord*'having : ' special referonce to tho Blessod Saviour. ?', '., ' ? - ;' ?"? ? The original word for ohuroh, howover, Is iiekXqcfta " whloh meanB an assombly summoned, like that popular ".assembly summoned at Athens by tho Prytanoi, -who '' had tho koys of tho oivlo troisury, tho archives, and ' tho great seal.. Tho sound is rotainod in tho modern 'European languages, eglise, chicza, iglosia, being the terms for ''óhuroh."' , ' ,, . ';' If we put thoso two things togothor, tho derivation -.and tho original ot tho word ohuroh, wo have-a fair, : jgeneral definition of tho thing.-a congregation /summoned to bo , tho roouliar possession of Onrist, '" 'soparated as HU own; 'Its primary' idea ls ot persons,' '".although, in à tocondary sonso. It is sometimes usod ''.'.'iorthojilaoe where tho assombly inst,1 aa'ln Aota^xl., '".-SO; 1 Coi1.' xi., 22: 'aad as we havo como ;to uso it for ' "'our buildings dedicated in our day. to publlo'worship., vi.-i v-it 'did not matter'how fow wero, thoso who asso . olatod as ' "Tho Lord's'- they were entitled to tho name. St Paul greets tho church in tho house of Aquila and Priscilla (Rom. xvi.,' 5; 1 Cor. xvl.;'14)'¡ tho church in the house of Nympha, (Col. iv., 15); and the church in tho house of Philemon. When believers multiplied in one city, and more than one congregation became necessary, these were called plurally " the churche's (1 Cor. xxxiv.', 34) &c.; So, in provinces, tho several congregations of the several cities are plurally styled tho churches. We have the churches of Judæa, of Galatia, of Asia, of Macedonia, of Samaria '(1 Thés. ii;, 14 ; Gal. 1-22 and 2 ; 1 Cor. xvi., 1-10; Acts ix. 81;' 3 Cor. viii., 4; Rev. H., and iii., &c;),'and these are called in combination " tho' churohes of God," and " tho churches of tho saints" (1 Cor. xiv., 88; 1 Thes. ii ,14) 1 Cor. xi. 16.) Still these several churches in one city or in one province were grouped into' one and called :"the Church" of that place, as although with respect to Corinth, tho women were ordered to keep silence in tho churches(1 Cor.xlv., 04.) Yet the epistle itself is addressed to tho Church of God; which is at Corinth (Oh. 12.) See also Acts villi 1,ix. 14) 2 Thou. I., 1. Again, gathering into one singular all those pro vincdal churches, each of which may have included many, we arrive at tho grand unity, which most fre quently and most properly has received tho title "The Church," as in 1 Cor. xii.i 28. Tho apostles, pastors, &c; were set in " tho Church," and in Eph. 1., 23, tho. Lord Jesus is given to be head over all things to his Church,&c.; See also Eph. ill., 20 31, v, 23-2o..¡ Col. i" 18-24 ; Heb. xii,, 2!». Tho unity of this conglomeration of churches into one whole is Illustrated by tho figures of a building, of a city, and of n household, of which thoro nro mnny parts, but nil united for tho purpose of tho owner, cemented In Christ. "Ye are no longer strangers and foreigners, but fellow citizens with tho saints and of tho household of Hod, and nro built upon tho founda ' Hon of tho npostlon and prophets, Jeans Christ Wrnsolt being tho chief cornerstone, In whom nil tho building filly framed together groweth unto an holy temple in .tho Lord.''--Kph, li., 10-22. And as the different stones, and tho different cham- bers, &c;, make one temple, so in another illustration do 'tho different members, though diverse, form one body, "Growing up unto Him in all things which is the Head, even Christ, from whom tho whole body fitly joined together and compacted by that which every. joint supplieth, according to tho effectual working in tho measure of every part, maketh increase of tho body unto tho edifying of itself in love."-Eph. ir. 4,15,10. See also Rom. xii , 4,5,27. Col i., 18; ii. 17,13, &o.; Here was a unity in diversity. Jews became citi zens and members, yet retained Jewish customs ; Gentiles became follow-heirs, who rejected those customs. But in tho family there was " neither Jew nor Greek, circum- cision nor uncircumcision, barbarian, Scythian, bond, nor free, but Christ was all and in all." That grand unity was and is the Catholic Church. Tho word Catholic is not in Scripture, but tho thing is. The word is from katholov— throughout. Tho Catholic Church is tho whole church, distin guished from its parts, which may be in any one place tho local church. We have Epistles of St; James, St Jude, St John, St Peter, distinguished as " Catholic" epistles from tho earliest records: (Euseb, bk. ii. ch. 23), because instead of being addressed to particular churches or individuals, they were to the whole church. And tho same word Catholic is uniformly applied to that body of which I spoke, as contrasted with heresies, unbelievers, &c.;, and became in time synonymous with orthodox, or true, which is further asserted by tho addition of the word " apos tolic." Kow, if this unity' in Catholicity is a noto of th truo Church, let us inquiro in what did it consist ? \- - Did- it consist of tho rule of one universal Bishop, one visible head over. tho whole Church ? That could not be, for then there would have been no Catholic Church in existence for six hundred years; for Pope Gregory first denounced tho title of Universal Bishop a arrogant, wicked, schismatical, and anti-Christian - " quisquís so universalem sacerdotem vocat, anti Christum proourrit"--whoever calls himsolf univorsa priest; is tho forerunner of Antichrist. . (Lib, vii-, lip xxxiii.) And again-"Nullus usquam decessorum moorum hoc tam profano vocabule uti consensit" " none of my predecessors consented to use so profane a title';" and he adds tho reason, " because, if one patriarch is called universal, tho name is taken from the rest." (Ep. ii., p. 771, as quoted by Words worth) ' Did it depend then upon uniformity of rites and ceremonies? If it did, then also thore could have been no Catholic Church for ages. Even tho popes did not think it a mark of tho Church.' I have here the ecclesiastical history of Venerable Bede, who is good Romish authority. In Bk. i., ch. 27, ho details th( questions which St. Augustina, Bishop of Canterbury asked for his guidance of Gregory, Bishop of Rome, who had sent him to convert tho Saxons. Among many, here is Augustine's second, question: ".Whereas tho"faith is one and tho same,- why are there different customs in different churches? And why is one custom of masses observed in tho Holy Roman Church, and another in tho Gallican Church? ' Pope Gregory answers-"You know, my brother, the custom of tho Roman Church, in which you re- member you were bred up, But it pleases me, that if you have found anything, either, in tho Roman or the Gallican, or any other which may be more accept- able to Almighty God, you carefully make choice of the same, and sedulously teach tho church of the English, which is as yet new in the faith, what- soever you can gather from tho several churches; for things are not to be loved for tho sake of places, but places for the sake of good things. Choose there- fore from every church those things that are pious, religious, and upright; and when you have, as it were, made them up into one body, let tho minds of tho English be accustomed thereto." Here was eclectic advice, most liberal, most sensible. We hear no such voice now from the Vatican. It is quite clear, then, that to tho close of the sixth century uniformity was no mark of the Catholic Church; and that it can be no test of Catholicity now. What then ? Did Catholicity depend on numbers, or as Bellarmine calls it, " amplitude ;" which he makes one of tho notes of tho church? Numbers have always been on tho side of tho unbelievers, Heathens and Mahometans outnumber tho professors of Christianity by an overwhelming majority. Then, look to tho past ages. Tho church left on this earth by Christ was a "little flock"-that which numbered among its- members, His Blessed Mother, and tho apostles were numbered in all at one hundred and twenty names (Acts il.), but who will say that that was not the Holy Catholic Apostolic Church ? Then at the day of Pentecost when- this church was all assembled in one place, the fiery tongues descended, conferring on human instruments tho powers of omnipotence, making them mighty through God to the pulling down of the strongholds of Satan ; to plant on - tho ruins of tho idols' temples tho spiritual temple of tho living God. Peter preached; and three thousand. were converted: and afterwards-tho Lord - added to tho Church tally. But at all those stages, though that Church was Catholic, ' its numbers were comparatively few, St. Paul (Rom, xi.) compared them to a mere " remnant," an " election," like that of which God spoke to Elijah, that out of all Israel, " Yet I have left me seven thousand in Israel who have not bowed the knee to Baal ;. every mouth that hath not kissed him." ' Well, but some one will say. As contrasted with tho heathen, the fewness of Christians may not invali date their title to Catholic, but among Christians or professing Christians themselves, numbers may still be a test as between Catholicity and heresy ? I might answer There is no proof that it is—not a shadow of it either in Scripture or tho fathers. Tertullian'a well known sentence refutes it—"Ubi tros occlesia cst licet laioi. Where there are three, there is tho church although they be laity." ' But it so happens wo have a case in point ia tho history of tho Church. The Council of Nice was called together,' A,'D, 325, to assert the Catholic creed against' the' powerful heresy of tho Arians. Tho creed was settled, but tho - Arians increased. Tho rude barbaric leaders who flung the club and tho sword into the scale against Roman luxury and degeneracy adopting tho heresy when they had abandoned. their gods—gave their strength and power to repress tho orthodox, and to support tho Arian. In many provinces, the Nicene believers were completely crushed, and generally they were reduced to that state which is described by Jerome. " Ingemuit totus orbis et Arianum se esse factum miratus est," S. Hieron. adv., Lucif c. 7\. "The whole world groaned, and wondered that, it had become Arian," Yet we never read of an Arian Catholic Church. And had tho sect still increased, yea, had it overspread the civilised: world with its councils, its bishops, its presbyters, and its persecu tions, and obliterated every outward sign of the faith ; had they succeeded in demolishing tho churches and in driving the miserable remnant of their worshippers to tho caves and to tho catacombs; that remnant would still have been, under a so-called Christian majority, what they had been under a Pagan majority— tho Catholic Church. It is plain it did not depend on numbers. Is, then, tho Apostolic succession of its ministers a true test,-namely, their personal unbroken succession from tho Apostles, supposing it to be certainly proved ? Had not those Arians whatever succession there could be claimed by any ? Judas had tho true ordination, but he was a traitor. St, Paul (Acts xx. 28, Douay version) called together tho ancients of tho Church at Ephesus; and, bidding them take heed to their 'ministry and feed tho whole flock in which tho Holy Ghost had made them bishops, he warns them that it was "from among themselves, duly ordained and with immediate undoubted succession, of themselves should arise men speaking perverse things to draw away disciples after them," Accordingly there was scarcely a heresy in tho long and weary list of them during tho succeeding ages, which was not begun and continued by men having, equally with tho orthodox, tho Apostolic succession. Thoro cnn, thoroforo, bo no trusting to Ibis ns a tost [ of truth. If thoro bo any value in Apostolical suc [ ccBsion, nnd I mysolf would not willingly hold it in Hellt esteem, that v.\hm muet ha nualm-mm to tho long and Illustrious iwiUgreo Ihrongli wlnoli many a food man love« to trnco hin dessont from a glorious uneestry. It limy bo nu inconlivo to vlrluo. Tho blazon of tho nnce»lr.il ehiold may provo tho oriilnmmo tn tho descendant in tho batllo of lifo, bidding him omulntc tho dcedH of tho foundorsof bia fuinil y, mid nover to Bully tho nnmo ho dorives from them by dogonoraoy or (.tain. Hut hero ls no security m>ninst error, nor any OXOIUBÍOII of othors from th o fnir Hold of good, who have no podigroe, but who nr o what h'm forofathorn o nco wore. li ho fall, ns ma'.iy luivo fallon, his ancestry malton him doubly disgraced i ho is ipso facto repudiated, and thoBo . Vor a nlatemont ot Ilia wida Utltuua) of illn'arcnoo bolweon ÛI» llomnn mul »UUlnin lltursln Um» aauaUmioit by drogorjr, »w, I'nlíjio'» ürl«lM«» I.llurßlMu, vol. t, BOO , li. l'ovin Introduced >. .» liomin oh>uuii||, mid lila iou (Ihirloinlfiiio/urrcil Ilia Human V.uirgj on th« CUumlm or 0««l, willoh tu nrj ilUluHtuI lo [ 'th* inopia offaoro, by emulating tboir nobility, kcomo cou worthier thou hy descent. Tortullinn waa a groat ndvocato for Apostolical suc- cession, but iio'is forced to admit it was no final teat of the truo Ohuroh Ito says: "It is a maxim not to bo controverted, fhnt what was first doll verod îsovnngolical and truo: and what waa afterwards imported is extraneous and false. By this rulo all futuro horosios may bo trlod. But should thoy dare to arrogato to themselves tho name of_ Apostolic, bîcnuBO at that tims they may hare been in existence, lot them produco tho origins of thoir ohurohos, tho rogular succession of their bishops: so that the first iii that ardor should havo boen nn Apostle, orono constantly united to tho Apostles., For in this manner tho Apostolic ohurohos deduce tho ordor of their successions.; Smyrna hos her Polycarp annointnd bv St John - Ttnmn hnr niAmnnt nWlninml by St Potor; and so tho' othor ohurohos. Lot thi heretics show this. And should they invent some thing like it, they will.have gained nothing, since their doctrines compared with that of tho Apostles by its diversity and contrariety, will show, that it came ' not from any Apostle nor Apostolic man. For as the Apostles would not have taught discordant doctrines, so neither would their immediate followers have taught differently from them. To this rule those churehcs appeal which, being of a much lator foundation, as daily rising, claim not for their first bishop either an Apostle or an immediate disciple, but' maintaining the same faith, they may be deemod Apostolic." . The heretics gain nothing even by simulating succes sion. Their doctrino being unapostolic betrays them ; but those who have not succession, and pretend none, are Apostolic because they have tho same faith. We are prepared then for tho question-If Apostolic' Catholicity in unity depends not on a universal allegi- ance; to ono bishop, nor on numbers, nor on uniformity \ of rites, nor on succession of ministers, on what does it depend ? He answers—Doctrine and faith ¡ so answered Augustine and Gregory—as I have quoted them-so the first Catholics " continued in tho Apostles' doc- trino and followship." Such, was their only unity. " Ono Lord, ono faith; ono baptism, ono God and Father of all." Ephesians iv. So were thoy addressed' and defined by St. Peter (II-i. 1), " to thom that have obtained like precious faith with us"-to such wero addressed his Catholio epistle. So also St Paul Catholicises, " tho church of God which is at Corinth -with all that in evory placo call upon tho namo of Jesus Christ our Lord. (1 Corinthians, i. 2). So, likowi/o, agreos Ignatius, as quotod by Pearson, p. 407: "Whore Christ is, thoro is tho Catholio Church." , Wherovor Christ's aro, would bo perhaps moro oorroot, .n« recalling our first idea of a Ohureh. Tho Lord's called, black or whito, bond or free, civllisod or savage, Ponai or Protestant, or Greek.-EniscoDalian. Presbyterian, or Congregational-tho ono taat of thei Catholicity, ia their foit'i in tho dootrinea of Ohrist that is the goldon link that binds thom-that th nervo that connects them with tho hoad-that tho Iff blood of tho body-that the cement to tho foundatloi " building up yourselves on your most holy faith." Fo a Ohuroh to bo exclusivo, to say. that out of hor thor is no salvation, to pretend to bo oxolusivoly Ontbolio is at onco to dony her Catholicity-for Catholio i universal, not sectarian, ombraces all ; Christ's-no only of Borne, or of Constantinople, or of Canterbury or, Genova- but all. The church' was Oatholio in th forms of its mission- " Go moko, disoiples of . al nations," as distinguished from tho Jewish religion confined to one people. It is Catholic as adapted to, nm opon to all; it can exist in prosperity, in adversity, ii porsoaution, and on tho throno of power; In thi catacombs, whoro mon dio for it; on tho barron sborei of Fuego, or tho deadly heats of West Africa; it can oxist everywhere, can survive everything but ono that thing is-the faith, for in truth tho faith ii itself.; - . Wo havo arrived ; now at tho touohstene, lot ut "Pply it to sift pretensions to Catholicity, to "try th( spirits whother they bo of God." Tho touchstone ii that faith onco for-ail dolivorcd to the saints, foi which St Judo bids UB contend, a thing oacc-for-all delivered, not to dovclop , noe bo diminished nor be modiOod in.tho least, already peifcotod when.St, Judo wrote. We cosily dispose, then, of the pretensions of that broad sehool which pompously asserts for itself a Oatholio spirit, bocauso it rcoognisos no necessity " for any distinct,: faith at all ; who, think the. smooth surfaoo of - calm . indifferontism . should, novor bo ruffled, by a question as to tho ' truth of any ' ro:oivod dogma,' or, who rejecting all dogma, ombrnco within their comprehensivo sys- tem as equally truo, all creeds, and all negations, all philosophlos, and all gods, in a happy family, of con- tradictions. For in tho Oatholio Ohuroh thero must boa definite faith, whiah makes tt ono and Apostolic, and the samo now as it wa» first dolivorcd. Lot us apply tho tost io that body, which moat loudly Hatton itsolf with tho namo, and which by persistent demand haswoariod many inloyiolding it I am not willing to spond a syllablo in combating hoi darling doctrine, that tho ohuroh was to be built on Fetor (Math, xvi.) that ho was the rock, and that the connection with that rook Patav is a note of Catholicity. What difference does it make? Peter himself was "built on Christ, and ii, as St. Paul says, tho truo Ohuroh was built on the foundation of tho Apostlos and Prophets, Jesus Christ himself being thc cniol corner stono'-whethor Peter were 'tho j Prince of those Apostles or not ;. surely , tho Church I built on . tho. Apostles must bo tba samo as that built on Peter-thoy' would not differ; and tho Church built on St Peter, on St Paul, or on St John1 must bo tho truo Oatholio Church, ..for it must havo possessod tho failli onco-for-nll dolivorod to tho saints. "Tho Apostles' dootrino and fellowship," in whioh tho earliest church continued, was that of Petor and of tho rest of tho Apostles. Whoro, then, do wo find, thoir dootrino ? Clearly in their sayings and in their writings. I shall not entor into tho question ef tradition-that ls, whether, bosides their writings in Holy Soripture, thoy havo loft unwrltton sayings whioh equally oxprces their doctrine. At all events, it is agreed that wo have in tho Now Testament their writings, and a largo portion of their nota, and that these aro inspired, and certainly truo. Whatever then tho unwritton traditions might bo, thoy could not contradict theeo, nor vary in general spirit from thom, nor in tko analogy or proportion of tho faith, nor in the emphasis laid In any, particular truths. At ,tho vary outset, then, it is. suspicious, nay, a presumption against tho olaima of any church claiming Apostolioity that' Bho has novor Sahotlônad/ has novor given to her .people , tko . Apostollo writings, without, noto or comniont" That, . tho , ordinary sonso which ' an unatdod reader . would take from tho Now Testament bas been admitted to DO so advorso to tho claims of tho church, as that every member must renounce tho right to understand Holy Scripture, except in that sense whiok Holy Mothorthe Church has hold and docs hold." Sho makes a claim to exclusive Apostoliolty, of this the Apostolic writings aro tho test, but she will not allow thom to bo appealed to except- sho horsolübas forced her own non-natural sonso on them., , Sba shirks tho trial, unless abo ia bor own "judge, jury,and advocate, and 1B allowed to tampar with tho documents upon which tho vordlot rests.'' -'"?'.?.' ? * ? ' Evon BO, I talto up tho Douay version of tho-Kow ToBtament and comparo it with thoso foaturoa of /tho Ohuroh of Homo which most distinguish hor from tho ohurohea of tho Reformation. Tho most prominent of all will be admitted to be tho mediatorship of intercession of the blessed Virgin Mary. St Liguori says, among a thousand other such expressions, " The salvation of all depends on preaching Mary ;" that "she is tho sole ground of our hope ;" and Cardinal Cullen is fond of using this sentence, which I myself have read in three several Pastorals of his-" Nor. can it be doubted that tho despairing sinner, who sees in a crucified God only a prodigy of justice, has often felt his heart melt into compunction' as he 'turned his eyes to her in whom he only saw mercy, &c.;" And, In short,' her medi- ation, not to refer to indications of more direct adoration, is avowed as a characteristic, a chief characteristic of tho modern Church of Borne. But is this Apostolic or Catholic ? We have twenty one Epistles of tho Apostles—St peter, St. Paul, St. Jude, St. John-all purporting to teach, to warn, to instruct the churches of their day. They never mention, nor allude in the most distant manner, to Mary. One of them tells me there is one God and one Mediator, between God and man, tho Lord Jesus, And the Douay note explains that that only refers to a mediator of redemption, but not to a mediator of intercession. Well, but if these additional mediators of Intercession were so necessary, why do they entirely omit them ? If " the salvation of all depends on preaching Mary," how is it that they do not preach her ; nay, not even mention her at all? How is it that from tho time in which she is mentioned merely in a casual way as one of the 120 disciples who waited after tho Lord's ascension-(Acts I) she never again is alluded to anywhere? It appears that what modern Rome holds tho "sole ground of our hope," tho Apostles did not reckon as any portion of them. Which then is Apostolic? which Catholic.? Again, we have true successors of tho Apostles in Timothy and in Titus, who were set to ordain ministers in tho churches of Ephesus and Crete, and we have tho Apostle St Paul directing them in their choice. Among tho qualifications were-" tho bishop should be blameless, tho husband of one wife, ruling his own household well," &c.; It is clear that it was never intended to forbid marriage to tho clergy in those days ; and even tho same Apostle stigmatises " forbidding to marry," as well as " com- manding to abstain from meats," as a mark of tho Gnostic and other heresies, to which those who so act now have more likeness than to tho Apostle's 'doctrine. So also do we search in vain for any hint of work of supererogation, that is of tho possibility of doing more than is required of us; on tho contrary, tho Lord himself says " So, also ye, when ye have done all these things that I have commanded,. say we are unproflt. able servants, we have done that which it was our duty to do." ' ? ' Compulsory stated facts too are declared incom patible with the New Testament Church, - their observance being Compared by our Lord with putting nrw wine into old bottles, sowing a new piece of cloth on an old garment, or desiring worse wine when one has already tasted better., Mat' ' ix., 10 and parallels, . Tho only instance wo havo of any ono' attempting to invocate saint or angel is in Rev. xxii, 8 P, where tho answer settles the question-" See, thou do it not" : - Neither is fhoro anything to bo read of tho offering of Christ himself, "in ta, unbloody mariner" by tho ha:tds of a sacrificing priest, for, tho sins of tho living or for the dead, On thc contrary, we ara told ho was (once for oil) offored. / Hob. vii, 27"- ix, 28. '. In short it is only by a mistranslation of tho Douay through a transalation of a translation-that tho original word ' is translated (- priesthood, . and by a similar mistake that 'tho word, priest-. sacerdos—tessvs- is applied to a Christian minister at. all; it is never so applied in tho Now Tostnmont original. ' It is reserved in its primary sonso for Christ himself alone; and in a secondary SORSO is applied to all Christians as offering spiritual, living sacrifices of praiso, and chiefly of themselves through Him. ' I instanco'one more divergence, that of the adminis- tration of the Holy Communion. Talkot tradition, if over thero weio a-truo, undoubted,' Aposlolio tradi- tion; it was that whioK St Paul gavo tho Corinthians about this. > (1 Cor., xi.. 23-28.) I havo it boro in tho Douay version, " For I havo received of tho Lord that whioh I also dolivored unto you," ¿to. . Then, after the words of consecration, "As often as you shall eat this BREAD and drink tho chalice, you shall show tho death of tho' Lord until Ho oomo." . (20 ; v.) And I again, " Let a man prove himself, and eo jot him cat of that bread and drink of tho chalice." (v. 28¡) Now, I beliovo thero aro soma mombors of tho Church of rome here to-night, arid I put tho ques- tion fairly, Has your Ohurch changcd this tradition or not ?.. First—Do you drink tho chalice at all? Is it not withhold from you? - The Church says one kind is sufficient, She contradicts tho apostolic tradition.''f Secondly—tho Apostle says, after consecration you are to eat BREAD. Tho Church says there is no bread and no wine there when you eat. " There has been a change of tho whole substance, of tho bread into tho body, and of tho whole substance of tho wine into tho blood, ¿&c.;" Here also, tho tradition of tho Apostles is changed. In this also Rome is unapostolic, and therefore non Catholic. Now, in all these points and on many others which, I need not now touch, tho Apostles and Rome are at variance. Tho Apostles and tho Reformed are one. But let me return to tho creed or symbolism of thc, faith which has been tho standard of tho Catholic Church, and- I say ' Rome has deliberately excluded herself—herself has done it,. not we. I proceed to tho proof: Take tho Nicene Creed. That was settled as tho Catholic symbol in the General Councils of Nice and Constantinople, A.D. 825 -and 881 : and it - was hence- forth the test of Catholicity. ; At Ephesus, A.D. -131, thore was another general council, and the chief question was whether the opinions of Nestorius were heretical or Catholic. Well, how did tkey try it ? I havo Fleury's ecclesiastical history before me, a Roman authority. Bk. xxv. "The New Testament was placed upon tho throne in tho midst, whioh was upon tho, seat of tho bishop to" denote tho'presence ' of Jesus Ohrist"' Bishop Juvenal, of Jorusalem,,said : .".It is necessary ther to proceed according to, tho ordor of the canons, and provide for the preservation of tho faith, that the Nicene Creed be first lead,, that comparing with it what, has been advanced, concerning, tho , faith we may: 'be able to approve those who .conform to. it, and reject, those who do not They read tho' Nicene Creed;" After this the whole question was reduced to this, whether Cyril's opinions or those of Nestorius were in accordance with this creed. Cyril having read his, statement, said : " I do not believe that in this I have departed from the Catholic faith-tho Nicene Creed.. I desire that you would gtvo your opinion of it" . Thoy ogrood.^' Tho lotlor of Nestorius was read, tho 'decision. on which was: "It is not all consistent with tho Nicene Creed. I anathematise all persons . of this belief. . This doctrine is' remote from' the Catholic faith." Further in tho sixth session, the .council declared ot this creed, " This is tho holy faith in which all the world ought to ogreo, for it is sufficient for tho benoflt of every church under Heaven ;'' and finally it forbade any person to compose,, or cause to be signed by those who would enter tho church any other creed than that of Nicæa, under pain of deposition, if r an -ecclesiastic, and of anathema, if a layman, (Soo Landon's Manual of Councils, .p. 284.) , " ; . Tho next general council was that of Chalcedon, A.D. '151. Tho same creed was recited (Floury, Book xxvili), and it was taken as tho test of catholicity. 1 "Tho Catholic- faith delivered by the holy three. hundred and eighteen fathers (at Nice), and at tho holy one hundred and fifty fathers (at Constantinople), and by tho other most holy! fathers (at Ephesus),-we guard and according to that we believe." " Tho most rev.'bishops exclaimed,'no person makes any other exposition of faith, we neither attempt nor dare to do so." " Those principles which are set forth are suf- ficient, it is not lawful to make any other exposition." Moreover tho same penalties are denounced against any one who requires any other than those which were set forth at Ephesus. ' ' . t . y, Tho samo symbol ronünuod without addition or subtraction to tho'mlddlo of tho 10th century. Then mot tho, Council of Trent-tho, grand standard of the modern Church of Rome. I have boro its canons and decrees, from whioh I shall read part bf "Tho dooroo touching (ha symbol of faith," sosslon tho third, Fobruary.lMO:-"Ithasthought good that tho symbol of faith whioh tho Holy Roman Churoh maltos ueo of, aa hoing that principle wherein all who profess tho name of Christ must necessarily agree, and that firm and only foundation against whioh tho gates of hell fliall novor prevail, bo oppressed in the very samo words in whioh .it ia read in nil the churchos, whioh (symbol) is ns follows: . Ibollovc in God; tho Eather Almighty &o.-tho; Nicone Creed again tho only Oatholto symbol oclcnowlodgod so, oven ly Rome, in 1S10. It is tho samo symbol of tho Holy Oathollo faith which wo Protestants agree to at thia doy., . -, ....... . . .. _ But what la now tho crood of Romo; since1 A.D 1608, when Pius IV. itauod bia Bull, founded on tho decrees of that very Council of Trent, whioh proceeded to add,to.tho anoiont faith-a Bull " touching tho form of tho catii of the m-ofosalon of fnlth ?" 1\. ', Ñ., with steadfast" faith, believe and profesa all and .'ovary particular contained'in tho symbol of faith, .whioh'tho Holy Itomnn Church USOB, to wit- ' ,¡ 1. í boliovo in., ono God,' tho Fathop Almighty, maker of hoavon and earth" &o.;, on to tho ond of tho Nicene Croed.'"'.* '. ???>.? 2\. Tho ApoBtolieal and oooloslaatiaat traditions, and tho other obsorvancee of tho samo ohuroh I most stead* fastly admit and embrace . ? :> 0\. I liiewlso admit tho Holy Soripturo, acoordlng to that sonso whioh our Holy Mother Church has held and does hold, whoso province it la to judgo of tho truo sonso and interpreta'lon of tho soered Sorlpturoi; cor will I over understand or intorprot, lt oxeept accord lng to tho unanimous consent of tho fathers. 4\. I also profess that thero aro truly and properly sovon sacraments of tho New Law, Instituted hy our | Lord Jesus Christ, and nccossnry for tho salvation of mankind, though not all to oaoh individual-to wit,, baptism, confirmation, tho Euoharlst.ponanco, extreme unction, orders, mid matrimony ; anil that thoy oonfos grace; nnd that of those, baptism, confirmation/ani ord cr i cannot bo reiterated without eaorllego, t Ito liml unsorted tlio IMHO III oh. 10, i. S mut 4, wlior« lu the lluuro ho osaortoü. tho itaaoaslly both ot ealing sud o( driukluff.-Seo Douir uota on tho lils«« C. I also rooolro and admit all tho rocolvud and approved ceremonies of tho Cathollo Chtfrcb In the solomo administration of ail tho aboyer mentioned sacmmonts. 0\. I embrace and rocoivo nil and everything" Which, in tho Holy Synod of Tront, hus boen dofinod and de- clared concorning original sin and justification. 7\. I profoss, likowiso, that in tho ' Mass is offered unto God a true, proper, and propitiotory sootiflco for tho living and tho dead; and that in tho most holy sacrament of the Eucharist thoro is truly, really, and substantially the body and blood, together with tho toul and divinity, of our Lord Josue Christ; and that thoro tallos placo-a conversion of tho ontire substance of tho bread into the body, and of the entiro substance of tho wino into the blood, whioh conversion tho Oatholio Church calls transubstantiation. 8,11 also confess that under .kind alono, (Jurist ii taken whole and ontiro; and a truo sacrament ft I steadfastly hold' that ibero exists a purgatory, and that tho souls thoro dotainod aro assisted by the suffragos of tho faitbfnl, 10\. Llkowiso that tho saints reigning together with Christ ara to be honoured and inrocatod; that thoy offer prayers to God for us;: and that thoir rolles aro to ho venerated. 11\. I most firmly assort that, tho imagos of Christ, and of tho Mothor of God, over,virgin, and also of tho othor saints, aro to be hnd and'rotainod, and that duo honour and veneration aro- to bo given thom. 12\. I also affirm that tho power of indulgences was loft by Christ in tho Church, and that the uso of them is most wholesome lo Christian people.- . 13\. I acknowledge tho Holy' Catholic- Apostolic Iloman Church to- bo tho mother and mistress of all churches, and I promise and swear trus oboiienoo to the Iloman bishop, tho suojrssor of St. Pbior, tho Prince of tho Apostles, and tho Vicar of Jesus Christ, ld. I also profess and undoubtedly reçoive nil other things dolivorod, defined, and declared' by tho saorod canons and goncral councils, and particularly by tho . Holy Council of,Trent; and likewise S also omdomn> rejoet, and anathomatlso all things, oontrary therotoi and all horoaios whatsoever condomnod, rfjootod, and anathomatised by the Church. 16\. This truo Oatholio faith, out of whioh nonn aim bo saved, which I now frcoly profess and truly hold, I, N", promise, TOW, and swoar most constantly to hold and profoss tho same whole and ontiro, with God's aesistanco, to tho ond of my lifo; and to procure, as far ss lies in my power, that tho samo shall be hold, taught, and.preached by all who aro undor mo, or ontrustcd to my care by virtuo of my ofûoo, so help mo God,_ rind those Holy Gospole of God. ' lloro is tho symbol or crcod of modorn Homo; in four toon sections, of whioh all but tho first aro added sinco tho recitation of tho Niceno Creed by tho Counoil of Trent, in 1&10, as tho symbol of tho Catholic Ohuroh. Section ld alono inrolvos an addition of things whioh would fill ri volume, sorao of them mutually contra- dictory. assorting that nono can bo saved without believing it, sho dlvoroes horself from tho. Catholic Ohuroh, whoso symbol sho has ohanged, and even divorces horself from tho former Church of Home, whioh held tho Nioono Creed to be tho symbol. She has incurrod tho penalties, donouncod by tho. councils of Ephesus and Ohalcodon against tho.'o who addod to tho crcod. ; Meanwhile tho. Protestants still hold tho Nicene Without addition or substruction. Sho has, however,' taken one step further to , oxoludo herself, having so lately as tho year 1851, added still further to tho Catholic faith, by the doflnition of .tho dogma of tho ! Immaculate Conception of tho Blessed Virgin Mary. : This had beforo boon an oprn quostion. St Bonard, and many othors of thoslriotoet dovotccs of tho Virgin did not hold it ; two groat fraternities had boon long at varíanos about it, ; but. in tho present pontiQctate arrived the triumph of tho ono party, and tho silencoof the other. Up to Docembor 7,1861, a man might bo a ' good Romanist, whiohovor viuw he held-immmaculato or non-immaculato hut on the 8th D. comber, Pius IX thus pronounced: " Wo declaro, pronounce, and defino that tho. doctrine which holds that tho blessed Virgin Mory, at tho first instant of har conception, by a singular privilege' and graco of the Omnipotent God, in virtuo of tho morits of Jesus Christ, tho Saviour of mankinds wa« pro served immaculate from all stain of original sin, bas boen rovoalod by God Cwhoro P end to whom, and in What words?), ? and thoroforo should firmly and: constantly bo boliovod by all tho,.faithful. Whoro foro, if any should dare-which Ged avert-to think othorwiso than aa j lt has. freon, defined - by us,, they should know ond_ uadors'anu tust have : suffered shipwreck of tho ' faith, and havo revolted fiom tho unity of tho Ohuroh | and boules, by their own act they subject thom toi voa to tho penal- ties iustly established, if what they should think they shall doro to signify by word, writing, or other out- ward means," Now, if the Oatholio Church i's that which hos the 'Catholic crcod; tho'Apostolic Church that whoso ;boliof is that of tho Apostles;.ibo Ancient Churoh that' which keeps unsullied tho ancient symbol ;J-what ;olaim bas that Ohuroh whoso dorina of necessary belief is but fourteen years old, mid of whoso symbol the far largest portion goos no nearer to primitivo times than 1503? ? Is it not absurd for suoh a olmreh to taunt a Pro- testant with; tho question, Whore was your ohuroh .boforo Lulhor ? ' whoa the Tory protest ho makes ls 'against' ' her, modern additions, and ; not rather ask herself,. Whoro was my crood boforo Trent ¡ yo-», before 185d? . " .Whore was my church boforo Luther? My ohuroh, being the Oath'lio Ohuroh, was whorovar thcro (voro any holding only tho samo symbol of fatb. It was at Nico, at Constantinople, at Ephosus, at Ohaloodon, whoro iii . solemn council. cocumonicnl the samo creed which . I, recite '.was; rooitod, and an anathema pronounced upon alteration or. addition. It was the test of herosy thon, it remains so now. But as to. j tho. symbol of Homo as f havo quoted it-for nearly '! sixto'on'conturies it was not recited nor known as'n> I crood-and. tho last articlo is but of yesterday-and yot, forsooth, the Itoformors in discarding the now» and rotaining the old, aro by the fergcrs of tho cow; callod Innovators | N . ! ? : If tboto now artialos, overwhelming tho old by their multiplicity and corrupting them by thoir unsorlptural invention, woro moroly additions, and did not at, all ; interfere: -with, tho articles of Nico, andi . Constantinople, still!' "they would bo nón-Oatholio, sinco onoh of the new is enforced os abso ' lutoly oaaontinl to salvation, than which nothing moro could bo. said of, tho Trinity and Incarnation ; andas tbo moro you multiply tho terms of ooinmunion, tho moro you narrow tho body whioh adopts them, thoso , additions havo do-catholioisod, and nro de-cathollolsing, I the Church. . But many of tho now artioloa aro not I only unsoriptural additions, but absolutely inoom patiblo with tho old croed, and distruotivo of its meaning, and spirit. I instance especially the last, that of tho Immaouloto Geneeptlen, It intorfores with tho true scriptural account of tho incarnation cf the Son of God. Instoid of giving us a modiator, truo man in tho truth of our nature/ lt makos him tako manhood of a being supposod to bo specially exempted from that whioh is common to man, because of here- ditary descent; that is, rnthor of a goddoss than of a woman, I'do ; not caro to press this, loot I should i give unnecessary offence. I profor to como to praotical authoritative teaohlng, not to bo gainsaid, tho rosult of tho dogma or of tho spirit whioh causod its definition. , On tho Fönst of tho Annunciation last yow, tho Romish Bishop of Bathurst issued his first pastoral, which was pukltshod in tho Frooman's Journal of tho 23rd Maroh, 1807. This pastoral roEerB indcod to tho awful mystery of tho incarnation of the Divino "Word, hut only as a means-ot glorifying tho Blessed Virgin, to willoh tho othar occupies quite a subsidiary placo. Tho awo and adoration aro rescrvod for thia-"Oh t bolovod ferothron, how sublimo, how Inoonbolvablo is tho dignity of th» Mothar of GM I" And tho conclu- sion is to ohooso her henceforth as tho patroness of ' tho diocese, undor tho title of tho . DTolp1 ' óf Christians," and to " plaoo our- selves, pastor " and flock, honcoforth and fdrovon under your powerful protection"-undor tho usual invocation, " our lifo, our sweotnoss, and our hope.*' : > Thoro aro innumorablo audaoious statomonts in this doaument "It is litorally true that a O od was suoklod, at tho breast-a God ato and drank-n God obbyod man-a God sufforod-a God died, do." Hero.a ' God must only moan tho ono Ood, UIIIOBS tho bishop insinúalos that thoro aro mora Gods than ono. But if God litorally died, thon was thoro n Hmo during whieh thoró Was no dod. whioh ls eoareoly a ;"Oatbollo dootrlno." Tho infatliblo bishop com Sounds tho two naluros of Christ, mid pro loatos of God that which lt waa impooniblo II for th. Godhead to do, i.e., to suffor and to dlo and in so doing bo advances bi>yond tho dootrlno lnld down in tho noto ot the Douay Biblo ("aa dod ho could sot dio, lt was according to lils humanity ho was to dio"). Tho bishop says ft is literally true that God dV¡ ilia Douay noto saya lt waa impossible for him to dio as God? Which ls truo? Which Ia Oatho'io ? Sut what will you say to this Oatbolia doctrino-"Sho (tho blcs9od Virgin) is as roally, ond truly, and substantially I tho motlier of God, as the/ mothar of any of us is our mothorl" I put besido this for companion ono sontenco of thor Athannsinn Orocd, which Ronlo proposes to hold, and I soy tho two aro incompatible. " God of tho substance of D-is I'athor, bozotton boforo tho world-and MAH of tho SCUSTAWCE of His mother, born in tho world." tradiets tho old teaching of thoOatholio Creed; and yet I have nevor hoard of censuro, nor orltiolsm. So hna tho non Oatholio dovolopmont of Homo borno its fruils inpractical doctrine-for Bathurst is not alone in this. I havo myself coon published a lotter oî an archbishop in which, in cccordanca with tho abovoviow, St. Anno, tho mother of tho Vir« gin, is callod "the grandmother of Godi;'-' and rightly, on tho principio nssortod, for if Bho was as really, truly, and substantially lits mother aa our mother is ours, thon her relatives must u°ar corres- ponding relation to His as oura to ours; and doubtless they did to His humanity, but not to God. Who, thon, aro tho Catholics ? Clearly those~who>' ? keep truo to tho Oatholio faith without addition, and that Oatholio faith ie'tho creed recited by Protestants. What, then; can you bo of ono Oatholio faith when thoro aro so many denominations and modos of govern* msnt? I answer that I have proved that nt-ithor co-" vornmont nor denomination makes any diff renoo, but tho arced. Whoevor mcddlos with:that and doportsfronv' it or adopta'a new one is ncn-Catholic Wo who retain. - it aro by tho genoral counolls declared orthodox and/ Oatholio. But aro you not Protestant, how then can yon bo Oatholio? I answer again we aro Protestant because" wo aro Catholic !' It Is bocauso wo,ohorish tho anoiont . Catholic faith, "once-for-all. dclivorod to the saints"' that wo protost against any tampering with it by ad- dition or subtraction. Tho word " Protestant" is no mere-negation, it at onco expresses tho fact that,thora is an invariable, anoiont symbol, and that we hold it, and that other Churches have botrayod it, and that wo havo protected it against tost botrayal. Lot Protestants then, OB tho truo Catholics, cease to uso tho name Catholic as nppüod to Borne. It is not just either to ourselvos < i to Romanists to do so. For it ia upon tho daim to Catholicity sho bases all hor other claims, and it is upon tho same sho founds her right to oxcludo and anathematise all who aro not Roman. " ' "But os this ono Ghurohj bocauso governed by tho Holy Spirit, cannot err in faith and morals, it necessarily follows thal all othor societies, arrogating to themselves tho name of Church, bocauso guided by the spirit of darknoaa, aro necessarily sunk in the most pernicious orrors both doctrinal and moral," Council of Trent. 