LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONIE OF ST. M7ARY'S ROMAN CATHOLIC CATHEDRAL. SYDNEY. On Tuesday, December 8, at noon, the benediction and the ceremony of laying the foundation otone of St. Mary's Cathedral, according to tlse Roman Pon tifical service, took place in the presence of a large multitude of persons of all ranks, and of dillerent creeds. Tle weathermsa delightful. The day srlected was the Feetival of the Immaculate Conception of her in whose honour the Cathedral in to be nacted. It en not much more than three years since a configration destroyed the old Cathedral, which had for years been the pride of the Roman Catholile of this colany. The calamity was so uneepected and disheartening to our fellow-citizeons of the Romace Catholic Chureh-.-and eo universally regretted by tte colonials generally-that persons of nearly every religious persuasion united in praoticat sympathy towards re-buiding on the ruins of the former Cathedral an edifice of ouperior gran deur and strengtlh. it that time there was a apiritof charity and religious tolerance evoked whiet, unbap. pily, has been rudely shaken by recent events. Is was, therefore, with mingled feelings of pride and gratification on the part of Roman Catholics, that when the foundation stone was to be laid they saw people of nearly every denomination in attendance to witness the ceremony. A t an early hour the bells of St Benedict's were rincing joyfully, and by ten o'cloc~k the princital streets of the city were alma with citizens and visitors from the cuontry, including not only Catholics, but many of other creeds in henliday attire. By Roman Catholice the event will be looked upot as per .aps tihe most setspirious that has occurred in the thistory of their Church ice thlis colony, the more especially as tte local head of their denomination, who was so inti mately linked with all the pleasing associations of the old Cathedral, hoe been spared by Divine Wisdom to lay and bless tIe fouondation stone of the new one. Hi, Grace the Venerable Archbiehop Poldinc, accompanied by the Roman Catholic Bishops of Mait land, Bathurut, Golbune, and Enos; tie Roman Cathsolic clergy of the arcetdioeease, and by a large numher of clergy from tthe interior, assembled in the pro-Cathedral shortly after 10 o'clock, where tleey vested tlen Archbisalop and Bishops in cope, mitre, Re. Thle Archlbicleop carried Isis pactoral stofl. The ero cession mao formed in tIe pro-Cathedral, and moved shortly before 11 o'clock towards tfle site of the new building, hleaded by tile cross-bearer and acolytes. who were followed by a stumber of eanetuary boys. Then came the clergy and deans, the bishops nested in cope, mitre, "&c.;, and his Grace the Arhbishop neated oner his rohet with amice, albD, gide, stole, cope, plain mitr.., and carrying his pastoral stall or crouler. The Archsbislop wo immediately preceded by the areliepiscopal cressbearer, witt, seoultes. Thy entered the grounds by the gate facing St. Mary's Road, and proceeded direct to the platfors, whicl Itad been specially erected for the aocommeodation of those who were to tabe pert in the ceremony. At thti moment the sight was grand. Among the spectators were to be notiend hundreds of our more prominet citizens, hundreds of gaity dressed ladies, and a dense mane of our CuhLeie fellow-celoniste. Tile ceremony commenced shortly after 11 o'clock. Tfse Arehbishop, haviug laid aside hiss roaier and mitre, began tile prayers, and invokod a blessing on the salt and water to he used on the occasion. After thu usual prayers had been said, the Arehbishop put tl~e salt into the water, in the form of a cross, asd stid when so doing, "Let there be made a miegiine ofseat and water equally. Incthe name ofthe Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." This being doese, his Grace then said the folosing prayer: \--"G od, the Author of- uuoouquoerd strength, and King of insuperabte majety, ever gloriously triumph ing, Who dust crush tse power of all adverts domino. eion, and subdue thse cruelty of the roaring enemy, Who dost mightily veecquish hostile wickedness, Tisee, O Lord, trembling and suppliantly, we bmseecs und ank that Thou msyesot vouchlsafe to look upon tilie creature of salt aud water, benignly to chine upon it, and to nonctily it witt the dew of Thsy goodness: that wherever it ehall be sprinkled, by tice insocation of Thsy holy scame, all the moleetatino of thle unclean spirit may be reoseved, acd thce terror of tie venom oues serpent mny be driven far away, and it- presece of thIe Holy Spirit may vonclesa(o enerylshcre so be present to us, besoeeching Thy mercy. Tisrough our Lord Jesus Christ Thy Son, who liveth and reigneth witll Thee, in tle unity of the same Holy Spirit, God, world without end. Amen." Then his Grace put on Iis mitre, aud tice cathedral choir, assisted by the choirs from other churecles, chanted the aestiphon--" Signum ealutis pone, Domine Jean Chsriste, in lote into, et econ pcrmittos introire angelom percutientcm ;" and the 83rd Pealm in Latin. The antiphon and apslm being ended, ias Grace, standing towards the place to be sprinkled by Iaim, Isis nsitre being laid aside, offered another prayer beseech ing tbe Almighty to visit this place through the in terceding merits of Blessed Mary ever Virgiec, and of all Saints, with tele serene watchfulness of His good ness, and purify it, by the infusion of His grace from all pollution, and beep it purilled; and as He fullilled the devotion of Die well- brlored Depid, itlse aeork of his son Solomon, so in tlis work vouchlafe to perfect their desires; acid may all spiritual wceked nessen be driven away from hee.,l ' Throueh our Lord Jesus Chriet, Thy So;a, who lirthl anicc rrignrtlc with ticep, ii the unity of the Holy Spirit, God, world without end. Acnecc. Thle Archbishop Ilaving ascendrd the plhlforuc, ned being surrouncded by the Suffracan Biihaps, thle clergy, and laity, thle Rev. Pedre Barsanti pr,,achehd a most eloqueec serrion, appropriate to bie ocncasion. After che sermon Meesre. W. C, oveny snd Janior Mulleccs ppronchcd tcle Archbishop, aed, on bhecaf of tile laity, presenct'd Cie Groce switic a golden trowel Tb, Arlhbishoiep, Iollowed by Ihe SnUfrodlgoci Uace clergy, then walked in proe,'seoc rooud tlie founcia. tiocee oe the futuro Cathledral, the choir ehaunticg tie uoual autipicon ncid psolm accd sprcickled wsici te water be hled blsned lheat the plce ala-re tnie cros' was plnced cnear tek chief sionee, acid thcscc Ihe founda tioes. This Ihaviceg boric done, his Green acace to the founcdatiocl eloece, wchich he blHsEnd, uccd again olarin. bld, prayern beinhg alno lcfered. The-c Iekiceg tnie golden troewel Icis Grace marked tie soc:o in coal, Icort with tnIe sign of tlc Ceoes, syincg-" Icc dhe nacee of tho tanthier, acd ol the Son, and of ihe l ilc chli. Amen." Afcerwrdsa, snne carpet was pluacd u01o0c thce grouncd. and on it a fld- stool,occ whicl tile elsllop, haciccg put on his cnire, bci.It docen. 'ii'heci cre said Ice "icidanice of tice Saints," whliChl bring ended, tihe Bishop, lavinig laid aide hli niitre, rose, aend slacadiag towards thiefoendatiocs stoeo, offered anohk.ir praver. liriork acviceg been provided, anl tIhe maosoic being at h:snd, liio Grace, withl Iris caciceu soc, bheuac (thle cloir fohlowiucg Ilic) che ecacioecacs " Mane ?uy gene Jacob, &e.;," nod Psalm CXXVI. Rio Grace standing aich hia mitre then toueIced ancd jroi'rry adjusted the first atone icc thee foundation soyi,,g ihb pnmyer-" Lu the faith of Jqoej CMt, no soet this first stone in thits foundation: in the name of the Father, and of the. Soi, and of the Holy Ghoet0 that true faith rony fourish tire, and the fear ol Giod, and brotherly love, atid tliot thts place may be decoted to itrcyer, and to ihe inyotation and prates of the name •if the same Jteuos Christ our Lord, who, with the Fattier and the Holy Ghost, liveth and reigneth, GotI, world without eid, Amen." In the cavity underneath she foundation stone were depositod cpiPr of tho Herold, Rmpire, _'esasn'a oTonral, and Ecoaing Ntecs. WVhin the fo.i .dstion-slone had been laid, and the ceremony of .,tinkling with holy water conclndedt Tie Mon. J. Piuntett read sad'presented an address, npni,priatc to the occacion, and .is Grare snud, iftanythtng could add to his pleasuuc in receiving that address it was the fact of its pronm •Lition by a gentleman who, next to himself, had dons more for Cotholicism in this country than anyone elso. They nll knew the share Mr. Pluskett hld in obtaining for members of their faith what might he termed the Msgna Chata of their religious liber. tie,. The object iia which they had been that day canged was not for themselves, but for the Almighty God. itie Arehbiehop then read his written reply. An atjnourtment was then made by the prineipal persons present to a luncheon, to which upwards of a titindred had been incited by his Geuce. The health of her Mujesty the Queen wae proposed by the Arch iiiatiOp, who in the course of htie remarks alluded to the feelinigs of lyolty and respect which he entsr tained to her Majesty, in common with all who an hnowledged themselees British subjet. Something had been said in England about her Majesty'. living in retiremetit sins0 the death of the lamented Prince Coneirt; but when they considered that the Qusen had devoted those years of seolusion to training hey c.ildden worthily to fill those enslted spheres in life for ehit'h th'y were destineol, such an ezample woo not onlr a model for all motheer to follow, but would bh prodursiec of for more benefirial results than if (er Majesty had interfered as actively in politiest as semo hnrties in Eiglatid considered she ought to have done. tlie had sincere gatification in proposing the hsalth of " Her Maje-ty the Queen." The toast, an also thot of his Holiness the Pope, was received entlhusiastically. The usuen ton.ti wart then given and responded to, and the paoty broke up. Crowds of people lngered on the spot udtil aome tine oiner the conelusion of the ceremony. Ytearly £2000 wee contributed in aid of the building fuond, some large donations being mede.--Befre. The followinig is the Arehhishop's repty to the address. Liko all the productions of Dr. Polding it is a -Iu-storpic.ce of t,,rse vigour and fitished eleance:s "Dear Fri nds, --Your roncatulations are a om fort and happiness to me. l'om thankful, rst bf all to our good God, who has wrapped me rosnmdawith sueh kind sympathy in mysorroweand joy; shd ne;,t to you who, with sud, true instinctof filial friendship, hove ever chosen the most opportune moment to eheer and strengthen my heart, by shouwing me what was in your own. May God bless you with every form of temporal and sepiritual recompense ! This is, Inded, ns you sty, a solemn and eventful ocessiona; audit L to me peculiarly an orcasion of consolation and'Ja.p piness. It trovee to me that I am building' i m?y veoplets lose, and that their love for me is for God's ake. This is the right order, thlis is Is it should be. We toer-wed together with easrrow tinat had itachief source in what eremed a sweeping awsy or dear and holy memories, and an injury to the merioe and work of God among us; we have now our commonglad. ness in the rettewel of those memories, the naspros. pert of more than restoration to that sasred envieo end work. After the night of our misfortuns the hrtght day uas dawnmed upon us, and with thankfol joy we are exulting in its lieht. 'This is GOd'e doing, atitl it is wonderful in our eyes? We realise that ancient, oft-reteated merey of the God of patienoe and comfirt--' I will turn their mourning into joy, and will comfort them and make them joyful aftor their sorrow.' " ~ y dear friends, you have most justly styled our old Si. Mary's a reat histocre fact, end you are riht. None knows so well os I what surro-a, what hopes, what foitli, had elorified those old walls. Yes, it was to the world a great historic feet, hut it had around it an inner histore of facts more real than its tonnsa a history leellde only to the eyes of God and Kiseangala until the lust great day of revealing shall oomse bi. tories of penitenne, and hoes, and eonfdenea, and rsdical conveesios of life-ofall the erecd firms of the menifo~ld grace of God in men's heuts. And now we haye begun a new history, and I agree with you in desiring to inscribe on its very Beet page the mo't generous sympathy and help, offered to m and saeepted, when we finrt gatheed together aftar our diseeter, from many who are not sharem in our Catholic responsibilliti. May God reward them as he best knows how. You say that the thoughts of that kindness esabled you to endure muoh that you have sinev been sailed upon to endure. No doubt, and righteously so. What eousl give us ofdnfdenoe in our fllow.men if kindness, epontaneoun hindndur, in the veer hour of need does not gire it P You were right in trusting that the minds and hean. of your nblest fellow-eisisues, then shown to you in word end deed, would never accept, or if fore moment they areepled, would speedily rejeot and repel the shamefully foul and cnnoing nalumnies that at one unhappy moment were rast into the air, like a deadly miasms, by ignorant hete and unserupulous political nohemine. Nothing has made ma mor thanffel than ihe steady, manly forbearanee of as many of my deur simple children in the faith, under the most painful provocation. Their generous mouls under stood the motive that you have giret expression to, and they accepted the eounsel of their Arolahiahop and their bishops and their other clergy, frankly asd dutifully. I am proud of them. For you who are men with greater opportunitsi of intelligence sod eultivation--wly I commend yon, and yanpathise with you in your annoyano and self-command , but you thave been only what I had a right to expect you would he. The event bus jostified, you sse, our counsel and you' belha'iour. Men are already begin ning to woeder what the fuss of anger and euspicioau hlto hus all been about; and very obviously the out crop of ploisonous plants, that threatened to mar our thirty years' Isernest of brotherly harmour and good will, lies begun to wither away. So let it be! It is anoiher confirmation of the Dinine word--' In silenc and in hope slall your strength be.' Yes, thank God. I say it in no boastful self-confdence, but with humble Iust in God's grace, from an old masn' seperimentol kLiowledge of Catlic faith and tesah leg, that we shall live down and shame calumty and hate. And, us it will be in our little loeal troubles, so will it he on tha wide ataga of the world t the time, belie.e mu, is not far distant when men shall recognise, with ustonishment and elasm, that loyalty of every kind, that human liberty in every direction, intellectual, and moral, and spiritusl, hare their only true and sure foundation in tlsac Catholic Church, which, like her Lord, had been partly unknown, and partly of malice travestied and insulted. " My Right Reverend and dear friends, the Bishops, Ssho are here with me, hare blird your words of seo knowledg~nenst, and blare seen your deeds, and I kuow witsl what pleastre and hope thee are filled. Not eli are wiih us that wished, end eujected, to attend ear festival, but those wio are unwillingly absent will heer end ruad of what we hare done, and will enrich us with tLhsir prayem and hi ssing. They who are Itero wiI, perhaps, witit their owss lips, tell you how they esteem your kind and dutiful feelings towards them. And now, dear friends aid cllisdren, once more rcseivi uy non hearty thanks, alsd onoe more let us resolre toiether tiat the work we hare so hap pily begun titis day altull hsenceforward; please God, nover suffer let or stop, us lor an we cun help it, until its roisipletiois. I isops tieot year, if it please God to continue to me health, chat I shal attend the great Cfcuinctia l Couneil, and Ishlould like to carry witrl me a picture, nay a good clhroosolithograph, of the new citliedrl as see project it in its completed otote; and isnet, a goitd phlutoerapl of the fifteen, or twenty, or twUeny-fVe feet that we shall, I hope, hare built up b teliot tiose on the Isebl lihtes we this day oesmreuce. You soc I am estfiding to you a -ce:rel, hot tlierc is neilther treason nor felony in it, so mind you keep to e secret ands, Ilint it may be more cofeyv Lt'st, tell it at ones to every one, mast, woman, o?iit child that you know. It will be well teyt sher, ,iiid I shall hare many to help me to rcolie mIiy proj.l, to build up the fins aud twenty or t qiryt, I .c k of. I shall be, ifIgo, almost, if not quit?, t!lo oldest Arehbihsop ofthtsa council, uod I ihoull ideatly like to beset a little about you at Risise, and to Isear tlleIn ay, ' what a forsunete Areeitbishp tliut is, he comes one year with a sad iinory o , caotliedrll destroyed, and tlles almost thle icc, I he noses with thie picture ofu tenfold more usgot Ilciut one nlready built'--lor well heguu you know, dear frieinds, is half done. liaey Clod hliet you." SIfo one sllirks she ogpht to hove leterfered in politis. 