WHIT-MONDAY AT THE HORSE SHOW. BY PETER 'POSSUM. MY intimate acquaintances in New South Wales will be amused at my presumption in venturing to write about horses; it will seem to them much as if "honest Jack Robertson" (I charitably suppose that he is still so called) should take upon himself to criticise Dr. Badham's quantities. I must confess that the horsemanship I displayed in the colony was not of the noble world-witching kind--was rather of the species which provokes satirical small boys to advise the equestrian to "come down and get in- side." Like the little Jellaby, who notched his legs with records of his tumbles downstairs, I bear about in my body stigmata of my spills in New South Wales. To say nothing of minor marks, my puffed right cheek often painfully reminds me of the "sensation header" I took one Sunday afternoon into the South Head scrub \--after dining at "Temotee," Cheval's, too!-- from the back of a hack hired at the livery- stables at the corner of Castlereagh-street (or Eliza- beth-street, was it?): a hack so indignant at the unwonted sort in which he had been handled, that, as soon as he was caught and denuded of saddle and bridle by the nearest hostler, he trotted back to Syd- ney again; leaving me with his harness on my hands, and the possible imputation of having stolen it upon my character. The hand with which I write is unsym- metrically angular about the thumb joint, from a capsise I got whilst attempting to make my Bengalla "Creeping Jenny" (set apart for my use with con- temptuous compassion for my equestrian incapacity) leap a log in the moonlit woods of Edinglassie. And I shall carry to my grave the clumsily-cruel auto- graph which a great brute of a New England stock horse, a temporary occupant of the Ben- galla stable--"Wanderer" was the wretch's name--inscribed on my right foot, when he flung me and then trampled on me--the big coward--just out- side Muswellbrook: shamming that he--a New England stock-horse--had been startled, like an old England stock-broker, by the apparition of a pawing bull-calf! However, you may admire horses, although you cannot ride them, just as you may admire poems, although you cannot write them. That is, when the horses are worth admiring--which was not his case, let be remind Wanderer. The beast was as hideous physically as morally--a magnified caricature of the "poleys" amongst the stock he was wont to head. But it is ignoble to suffer animosity to pursue the dead. Extinctus amabitur idem. Doubtless, Wanderer by this time has wandered into Hades. Perhaps, he was boiled down; perhaps crows, and carrion hawks, and ants have picked his ungainly bones. I cannot help hoping that his end was ignominious, but may his spirit rest in peace. If his ghost is anything like what his carcase was, it would be a waste of condoning compassion to hope that Pluto has not put him into his team. Pluto is far too good a judge of horseflesh--or shadow. To return to upper air, although I do not profess to be any such judge at all, I found my way to the Horse Show on Whit-Monday, in company with some thousands of other holiday-makers. A per-centage of these, I cannot help suspecting, knew even less about a horse than I do myself--especially sundry bob-tailed light-overcoated youths, most knowingly critical, and sporting again the blue and green veils and white hats they had worn, or shammed to wear, the week before at Epsom--but the general tone of the assembly was indubitably horsey. Two Frenchmen, got up in English swell sporting style, sent over by the Emperor to inspect, gazed with undisguised atonishment, from the red-and-white canopied royal box, on the serried hundreds of intelligently philippic spectators who hedged the barriers of the arena, occupied the long lines of box and gallery seats, and thronged the refreshment-bars of those enterprising "returned Australians," and monopolising caterers, Spiers and Pond. Women were in the minority, but still it was a very respectable minority; and its average of experts seemed larger than in the case of the males. Almost all the women there appeared to have gone to look at the horses, because they were able to form some approxi- mation, at any rate, to a rational estimate of what they were looking at. There was, I repeat, a generally and genuinely horsey tone in the company. There must have been, or thousands would not have stayed and stewed for hours in a place which, in spite of its size, and the blue and white awning which veiled its glass, was filled with a generally horsey fragrance. Nearly 400 horses were in the building, and its warmth and ammoniacal odours combined made the great glass- roofed hall something like a Titan's cucumber-frame. Whit-Monday was a glorious day--one of those brilliantly, balmily blue- and-golden days which for more than a month have made me fancy myself back in New South Wales-- until my eye fulls on the bush, vivid, virgin verdure with which no evergreen foliage can compare. I may mention, by the bye, that I heard the deplorable defeat of the Australian cricketers at Kennington charitably excused on the ground that they were "overcome by the heat." I may also mention that I have experienced considerable difficulty, and occasion- ally flat incredulity, in explaining that the Blackfellow Eleven are not "Australian natives" in your sense of the word. One friend of mine, who plumes himself on his Johnsonian orthodoxy and grandiloquence, thus addresses me: "Sir, I can make allowance for a fond- ness for logomachy, but I can make no excuse, Sir, for a palpable lack of candour. In your puerile pro- pensity to dispute the indisputable--much, Sir, as the baying puppy attempts to bark at the moon --you have sometimes ventured to ques- tion the solidity of my arguments in favour of the common origin of the human race. (It is waste of words, Sir, to remark that the want of solidity was in your own shallow un- derstanding). But, Sir, you had lived in Australia-- you had seen hundreds of such men as these--and yet you maintained that clime and circumstances could not produce the modifications which I attributed to them. Will you presume, Sir, now to assail their agency, when I see before me changes so marvellous, in colour, form, and feature, in the very first generation of offshoots from (with what sciolistic pretension) you term the 'Caucasian stock,' when transplanted into Australian soil?" But this, as Goldsmith's old humbug says, is a di- gression. The Arcades gleamed and smelt like Long Acre; having been converted into an avenue of varnished carriages and bright, buckled pol- ished harness. Amongst them, somewhat ominously for those who like sausage-rolls but are not yet converted to hippophagy, sau- sage-machines were interposed. They figured again in the galleries, in the midst of a queer "assort- ment" of agricultural implements, wire work, horse clipping machines, churns, washing machines, horti- cultural machines, fancy goods, weighing machines, embrocation for horses, cattle food, sewing machines, seeds and brands, ivory goods, billiard tables, stable fittings, tube wells (of Abyssinian interest), miniature clocks, horse medicines, chaff-cutting machines, dog biscuits, toys, agricultural carts, chicken-hatching machines, and pianos that suddenly burst out into music, and then as suddenly re- lapsed into silence, like birds challenging the rivals to song. As a supplementary attraction, the "Giant Elephant" was exhibited to those who liked to pay a supplementary price; but whatever might have been the case in a dynamic point of view, he could not "draw" against the horses as a show. The bell was ringing as I entered for Class IX , Park Hacks and Ladies' Horses, not exceeding 15.1 hands high, to parade themselves before the judges and their assessors, or rather co-stants; a knot of military swells and squirarchical old fellows, all plainly branded horse-knowing, except one short old gentleman, the most industrious of the lot, who fussed about in a slate- coloured wrapper and without his hat, looking far more like a school- master inspecting his boys' copy-books than an authority on horses' points. In trooped the beautiful creatures--grey, white, golden bay, black, chesnut, bay, dun, bright bay, brown, bright chesnut, black brown, dark brown, dark bay, and blue roan--with all kinds of riders on their backs, old country gentlemen, young country gentlemen, and young town gentlemen, farmers, trades- men, horse-dealers, swell grooms in spotless buckskins, country grooms in tan- topped boots, and one young lady, with a bright chesnut chignon, on a bright chesnut mare, appropriately named Golden Light. Walk, walk, walk--as the baby's recitative has it--amble, amble, amble--trot, trot, trot, trot--canter, canter, canter--gallop, a gallop, a gallop: so they went round and round. There were so many beauties, that the judges must have felt far more puzzled than Paris. Gradually, however, they weeded out the lot--although that is scarcely an appropriate phrase when not a single one of the com- petitors could, in the technical sense, be called a "weed." Beautiful Golden Light had to vanish, because knowing eyes discovered some microscopical blemish in her off foreleg. Grey Kaplan, whose hoofs had sunk in Arabian sands, a present from the Sultan to the Prince of Wales, was dismissed because he fell short of his English competitors in "stamina;" but eventually the first prize was given to the Prince's white Arab mare, Rupee. The Prince is a favourite at the Hall, on account of the hearty way in which he assists at its zoological shows in person and by exhibits. Nevertheless, Rupee was hissed when she received the blue ribbon, whilst the second and third prize-takers were lustily cheered. The popular judg- ment had assigned the first place to a beautiful golden-boy Arab, bred by Prince Orloff. The owner of another distanced competitor entered into warm controversy with the judges, emphatically informing them that their decision was "an infernal shame." It was amusing to note the personal matter which both owners and grooms made of the appraisement of their pets' attractions. In one instance, this affection became so ardent as to cease to be amusing. "The nail was druv into her fut," exclaimed a red-faced groom, whose darling had turned suddenly lame. "If I could only spot the dung as did it, by G--, he should never drive another! I'd hang for him, I would. I'd kill him, I tell ye. I'd pound him about the head till his (double B) of a mother wouldn't know 'un." Whilst the competitions were in pro- gress, however, it was equally droll to note the politely perfect impartiality which the riders and drivers strove to preserve. They chatted together quite amicably when ordered to draw up alongside one another for final adjudication, and even passed cautiously cour- teous compliments on one another's animals. It was only when the judges appeared with the blue, red, and orange bunches, and the slim green "com- mended" ribbons in their hands, that the rivals ceased to look impassively careless. When the badges had been distributed, flaunting was the triumph of the decorated prize-takers as they rode and drove round the ring. Evil were the eyes of the sullenly retiring defeated. It would be wearisome to go through all the judg- ments. I may mention, however, the sensation which was caused by the appearance of the Daniel Lambert- like Captain Hargreaves on his brown cob Hero-- literally "a dray horse in miniature." One of the judges jocosely warned the rider that the "Suppres- sion of Cruelty" officers would be down on him; but "Carry him? Why, it could carry St. Paul's," was the general verdict on the stalwart little engine turnspit. Another little oddity figured amongst the stallions: Sultan, a bay three year-old, just 38 inches high. All the prize-takers prepared their animals for their parade after the competitions with loving care, but the stallions' grooms in this respect were specially prominent. To lady's-maid adroitness they added mother's proudly anxious affection in their titivations. That figure, however, is a bad one; for, splendid as was the beauty of the magnificent, mirror skinned, softly-rounded, delicately-nosed creatures, it was over- borne by their masculine pride and vigour as they neighed, curvetted, and dragged their grooms after them at the end of their long "leading" reins. After the parades, came the jumping. Bushy fences were erected, and the ring became a hunting-field. The Prince's chesnut gelding, Knight of St. Patrick, ridden by a groom, got up exactly after the model of his master's neat hunting-dress, leaped some half-dozen times, in a condescending sort of way, for the grati- fication of the lieges, but the others went at the tufted hurdles fast and furious. One of the pluckiest of the riders was a little chap of 11 who dashed at anything, trusting to his equally plucky little nag to carry him over. Thunderous hurrahs ran round the ring as horse after horse dashed over. Direly were the horses hooted that wheeled round, as if on a pivot, when they reached the barriers. Great was the merriment when cool old stagers, not caring to jump, when there were no hounds to follow, sidled through gaps, or quietly pushed the whole concern down with their shoulders. There was every now and then a spill, but, since the soil was soft, that only added to the fun; and in a second or two the dismounted rider, hatless, or with comically damaged castor, was in the saddle again, careering after the others with a wild view halloo. I can see that the Frenchmen I have spoken of thought les Anglais a very funny people-- to be rushing round and round like that, after nothing! 