QUEENSLAND. The second session of the third Parliament of Queensland was .opened on Tuesday, the 4th ult., hy His Excellency the Acting ' Governor. The speech was as follows : "^Honorable Gentlemen of the Legislative Council, and Gentle ? men of the Legislative Assembly "'1. It is now exactly five months since I was enabled to relieve you from the labors of an unusually protracted session, ' in order that time might be given you to attend to those private : affairs you had so long iDatriotically postponed to the considera- tion of the public business of the colony. I trust the time and *relaxation thus afforded may not have been without benefit, but the progress of events, and the material growth of the varied interests of the country, once again demand your watchful care, and I have pleasure in meeting you, for the first time, in this noble building, which the munificence of a former Parliament has provided as the future palace of the Legislature. It cannot but be highly gratifying to myself personally, that in carrying .out the responsibilities of the office I temporarily hold, this . duty in this particular place should have fallen to my lot, but appreciating fully, as I do, the honorable task I am now fulfil- ling, I would willingly have foregone its performance had time allowed, in order to enable the Governor, whom Her Majesty has selected to be the successor to Sir George Bowen, to open this Parliament, ColonelBlackall may be expected very shortly to reach the colony, but the late period of the year at which we have now arrived, has induced me no longer to postpone calling you together for the despatch of the public business. "2. Since Parliament was last in session, the attempted assas- sination of His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh has filled all Australia with grief and shame that such a crime should have been perpetrated within the boundaries of any one of our colonies; and I feel assured, as I have intimated to the Secre- tary of State, in more than: one despatch, that Queensland yields to no part of the British dominions in loyal sympathy with Her. Majesty the Queen under the trial to which this attack upon the life of her son must have exposed- her. It is a consolation* to find, however, that Her Majesty and the Royal Duke him- self, who was the victim of this attempt, have both expressed their unabated trust in the loyalty of Her Majesty's Australian subjects. " 3. The Land Act, passed during last session, having come into operation, the regulations which have been framed by the Government, in accordance with its provisions, will be placed before you for confirmation and approval. A large area of land has been thrown open to selection. No less than 500,000 acres of the choicest portions of the Darling Downs are now available ipr that purpose, and a further area, comprising 500,000 acres, has been proclaimed in pursuance of the forty-first section of the Act. In East and West Moreton, 800,000 acres are available to the public, situated for the most part in the railway and agri- cultural reserves, and lands not under lease. In these latter districts but few runs have as yet been subdivided, in conse- quence Of the areas of the greater number not having been defined with sufficient accuracy. This difficulty will, however, soon be overcome, as surveys are proceeding with all due despatch. " The same cause has precluded any large portions in the Northern Districts being as yet thrown open to selection, except in the cases of railway, agricultural, and coast reserves, and those lands not held under lease or license. .' " 4. The Supreme Court, as at present constituted, is con- sidered scarcely adequate to the increased requirements of the colony. A bill will, therefore, be introduced to provide for the appointment of a third Judge, who will also preside over the civil jurisdiction of the Metropolitan District Court. " 5, Since the close of last session, great progress has been made in developing the mineral resources of the colony. The gold-fields at Gympie have realised the expectations formed of them, and both in Southern and Northern Queensland fresh fields are being daily opened up. Large deposits of copper and coal are also known to exist ;« and the appointment by the Government of a staff of geological surveyors, will, it is believed, in conjunction with private enterprise, render mining a profitable investment for capital, and a most important, as well as perma- nent, branch of our industries. " The importance of connecting the capital with the Southern j gold-fields by means of roads and telegraph lines, will be pressed on your attention. " 6. The opening of the Southern and Western line of railway to Dalby, has been attended with satisfactory results in the increase of traffic consequent on the extension of the line to its present limit. You will be asked, during the present session, to provide means for making up the deficiency in the amounts provided by previous loans for the completion of the main trunk line ; and also for carrying the line now under construction between Toowoomba and Warwick, as far as Allora. "7. In the early part of this year a census was taken, pur- suant to Legislative enactment ; and, although the population has been somewhat unsettled, owing to the recent gold dis- coveries, the returns appear to be sufficiently accurate to justify the Government in bringing forward a measure for re-adjusting, without further delay, the different electorates throughout the colony. It is satisfactory to observe that our population is still on the increase, notwithstanding the temporary cessation of immigration, and. the exodus to the other colonies which took place during the period of our great depression. , " 8. I have to impress upon you the importance of an imme- diate resumption of immigration from Europe to this colony. The circumstances under which the Government of the day deemed it advisable to check a further influx of population, appear to have passed away ; and the introduction of capital and labour under our new land laws should stimulate our reviving prosperity. "Action in this direction has already been taken by the Government as far as the means at their disposal would admit, and they are prepared to appoint an agent to proceed to England as soon as Parliament shall have provided the means for extend- ing our efforts in that direction. " 9. The recent arrangements entered into by the Home Government for the conveyance of mails via Suez have proved unsatisfactory in their operation. The establishment of a fort- nightly postal service is now under consideration. Despatches and correspondence, together with an Executive minute, em- bodying the views of the Government on this important subject, ?will be laid before you, and you will be again invited to consider the question. "The absence of the regular communication with the ports to the north of Rockhampton being attended with much incon- venience, tenders have been called for a fortnightly steam ser- vice, subject to the approval of Parliament, between Rock- hampton and Townsville, calling at tho intermediate ports. " The telegraphic lines open throughout the colony, including recent extensions, are working satisfactorily, and lines between Brisbane and Maryborough, via Gympie, and from Bowen to Cardwell, are in course of construction.. 10\. Measures have been prepared, and are ready to lay before you, among thc more important of which may be.men tioned bills to provide for immigration ; and for a ' re-distribu- tion of the electorates throughout the colony, and an increase to the number of members serving in the Legislative Assembly.' Also, bills to provide for the better management of the gold- fields ; for the further and better administration of local affairs by means of Provincial Councils ; to afford relief to certain pastoral tenants of the Crown in the unsettled districts ; and for the registration of brands. " In'accordance with the recommendation of a select com- mittee of the Legislative Assembly, which sat ' last session, my responsible advisers have undertaken to re-introduce a bill for the amendment of the insolvent law now in force. " Gentlemen of the Legislative Assembly ,£ ll. The Estimates for the ensuing year will shortly be laid before you. It will be seen by the published accounts for the first six months of this year, that the returns from the various branches of revenue are steadily on the increase. " Although the amount realised under the new Laud Act is not at present such as was anticipated, whilst the progress of the colony demands an increased expenditure proportionate to its extended settlement and the development of its resources, there is yet reason to believe that the general revenue of the year will not fall far short of the charges against it, including interest payable on the public debt. Should the present favor- able appearance of the revenue be sustained, my responsible advisers will be prepared to propose for your consideration a reduction in the rate of the ad valorem duty now levied on im- ported articles, which at present presses heavily on all classes of the community. " You will be invited to furnish the necessary authority for raising a further loan for the completion of our railway works in course of construction, for immigration purposes,) and for retiring the Treasury Bills now in circulation. The favorable condition of the money market, and the price which colonial securities are now realising, lead me to believe that that portion of the loan at present required will be raised without difficulty or further depreciation. " Honorable Gentlemen of the Legislative Council, and Gentle- men of the Legislative Assembly " 12. The Statistical Register of Queensland for the past year will immediately be laid before you, and the Registrar-General's Annual Report, with its accompanying tables, will, I am sure, impress upon you once again the conviction that, in legislating for this community, and directing its Government, you have under your influence a wealth of natural resources which, assisted by prudent enterprise aud your care, cannot fail of early development ; and I pray that the blessing of Almighty God may rest upon your counsels, and direct them to aid in maintaining that return of prosperity now dawning on this colony." When the reply to the Speech was brought lip, an amendment was moved by Mr. Francis, one of. the members.for East More- ton, seconded by Mr. Pritchard:-"We beg respectfully to sub- mit to your Excellency, that it is essential for securing satisfac- tory results tb our deliberations, and for the proper transaction of the public business, that the Government should possess the confidence of this House and the country, and we deem it our duty respectfully to represent to your Excellency that such con- fidence is not reposed in the present advisers of your Excel- lency." After a lengthened debate the amendment was carried, and the House adjourned to enable the Ministry to consider the situation. On the 12th ult., Mr. Mackenzie informed the House, that his Excellency the Acting-Governor had refused, pending the arrival of Colonel Blackall, to receive any advice from the members of the Government, as to the course they wished him to pursue in consequence of the division which took place the other night. As it was necessary that the new. Gover- nor should have a day or two to deliberate on the advice that would be offered to him, he (Mr. Mackenzie) moved the adjourn- ment of the House till the following Wednesday. On that day the Ministry offered the House the alternative of passing the Supplementary Estimates at once and transacting some minor business, or an immediate dissolution. The Opposition con- sidered the latter course as the most advisable, and on the next day Parliament was prorogued prior to the general election. The 14th ult. was observed as a general holiday, in honor of the landing of the new Governor, Major Blackall, who arrived by the Lady Young. The official landing took place at 10 o'clock. The Governor and party proceeded direct to Govern- ment House ; the commission was read by him, and he was sworn in by the judges. There were large numbers present at the ceremony. He held a levee on the following Wednesday, 'which was largely attended. The Brisbane Chamber of Commerce has adopted the report of a sub-committee of the Chamber enunciating the opinion that a four-weekly postal service with Europe could be established, at a moderate cost, via Torres Straits and Batavia, and provided the colony of New South Wales will bear its fair proportion of expense, expressing the belief that it will be for the interest of Queensland if the Government devote its energies to the estab- lishment of such service, withdrawing from the Suez line and leaving it to be supported by those colonies which derive most benefit from it. Copies of the report will be sent to the Post- master-General of Queensland. Messrs. Cobb and Co., having purchased the line of coaches belonging to Messrs. La Barte and Co. and Mr. West, are now running a coach daily between Maryborough and Gympie. The Acting-Governor of Queensland has discontinued the services of the Rockhampton company of the Volunteer Rifle Brigade, the company having been reported by the officer com- manding it to be in a state of insubordinate disorganisation. Mr. Brownhill, formerly the manager of the Australian Joint Stock Bank, at Toowoomba, has been charged, along with six others, with having made forcible entry on the premises of Joseph Kelsey, a cotton planter, near Bowen. Mr. Brownhill was acting on behalf of the Bank in the matter, and the case was dismissed. The two warders, Lee and Grant, who had the immediate care of Griffin during the time he was in prison previous to his exe- cution, have been dismissed. Messrs. W. M. Alderson and Sons of Sydney, have obtained the contract for the supply of boots, &c;, to the Queensland Government, for the year ending 31st December, 1870. The Rev. W. M 'Ginty has obtained subscriptions in Too- woomba, Queensland, amounting to £79, for the purchase of a site for the erection of a Roman Catholic Church at Burketown, Gulf of Carpentaria. A report, from Mr. Jardine, of Cape York, states that all the stores, clothing, arms, and ammunition, had been forcibly carried off by the natives, and one man had been shot. Captain Godfrey, of the schooner Active, supplied the wants of the party at Cape York to the best of his ability, but they were anxious to obtain supplies as soon as possible. . The first cotton ship, the Bayswater, has sailed from Brisbane for Londou. She had 201o bales of cotton on board, besides wool and other '.-argo. An action for libel by Dr. Candiotes again nt Mr. Buzacott, editor and proprietor of the Peal: Downs Telegram, has boen settled by arbitration. The journalist has to apologise and pay costs (over £150). A public subscription has been made to in- demnify Mr. Buzacott for the loss he has sustained by the , adverse award. The Brisbane Courier of the 13th ult. had the following "It is pretty well known that the illustrious stranger who lately honored our poor city with his presence, under the style, title, and dignity of the Count Von Attems, is the individual who, in our Sydney telegram on Tuesday, was said to have obtained large advances in that city; on fictitious papers. We are sorry to say that be managed, during his short stay here, to walk into the good graces of some of our citizens, and to make rather heavy drafts on their bankers. His countship, it will be remembered, left Brisbane in that renowned craft, the Hamlet's Ghost, the history of which vessel .ought to be written some day ; and he has last been heard of at Cleveland Bay. A war- rant is out for his apprehension, and troopers have been dis- patched from Port Denison to secure him, if possible, before he makes a descent on our friends in Batavia. We failed to notice the Count as he deserved when he was in Brisbane, but should he visit us again, especially with the order which the Sheriff of Queensland desires to confer on him on his breast, aud Mr. Seymour's decorations at his wrist, we shall endeavour to make amends for our former neglect of Son Altesse. " Two tons of sugar manufactured by the district Sugar Com- pany, have been sold by auction at Maryborough for £39 per ton. Mr. J. Hall Scott sends the following to the Port Denison Times:- " It is my painful duty to inform you that two Poly- nesian laborers have been murdered by the native blacks upon this station. I happened to get to the hut about a quarter of an hour after it happened : it is situated six miles from the head station. I found Lawie dreadfully wounded, but not dead. He told me the native blacks, about fifteen in number, attacked I himself and the other boy Killkill in the hut after dinner. When he saw he could not escape, he sat down ¿is a token of submission, but it had no effect ; he received four spear wounds, and one dreadful cut above the right temple, as well as several others in the head. I had him conveyed to the head station, where he died next day. The boy Killkill I could not find at first. Lawie said he must be dead. He was found in the even- ing in a small hut at a little distance. He was not dead, but in a pitiable state. I sent men to carry him home. He asked for a drink ; they gave him a little spirits and water, and he after- wards died in their arms. " 