TUESDAY, APRIL l-l, 1808. IN a country like this wboro tho highes offiues in tbo State aro opon to tho ambition c tho humblest individual, it is ; imperativo o: us to próvido, as far as possiblo, for evor momber of tho community tho means of dc .volopintr'tho intcllec tual faculties with whio] nature baa endowed him. Belioving this w hail with ploosuro every attempt to' ronde oar educational establishments moro thorougl in thair appliances for imparting information and moro aoccssiblo to youthful citizens o every olass. "Wo give tho founders ant originators of our University credit for in dulging in similar aspirations ; and wi boliovo that section of tho publia to be vorj insignificant, in. point of numbers, whiol desires to BOO our greatest educational insti tution beoomo instrumental in drawing i broad lino of demarcation between th< intollootual status of tho wealthy and poora olasRes-of this community. Tho natura' desire of distinction which actuates overj man, when uncontrolled by a fine anc1 vigorous sense of justice, impels him to seel his own aggrandisement, when othor meani fail, too often by placing obstaoles in the waj of rival aspirants, or of thoso who moy bo como so. It is to tho tofluenoo of this desire, under an unhealthy form, that wo must attri- bute tho efforts of influential individuals tc scoff down, or to throw oold ; water upon schemes for scouring tho highest kinds of oduoation for tho mostos of tho peoplo. Minds under tho influence of this selfish and unhealthy ambition seldom aro distinguished by natural abilities of a comprehensive or thorough oharaoter. They look upon educa- tional acquirements only as showy accom- plishments valuable rather in proportion to their difSoulty of attainment by- humbler men, than OB regards their adaptability for storing and improving tho mind. Suoh men oonsidcr all thoobjeots of education to bo attainod when they ara oblo to converso in two or three languages unknown to tho'. profanum vulgus, and wbon by tho aid of a superficial smattering in tho soiences, thojr are onablod to carry on a desultory conversa- tion which is all Greek to tho great unwashed, and consequently leaves a wonderful im- pression of inferiority on tho minds of the gaping rustics. 'I ho truth of this observation ia fully exemplified in the oonduct of ambi- tious exclusives in domooratio States. A clique of this kind existed for many years) and still oxists,'no, doubt, in America, who had their sympathisers in tho aristocratic oom muBities ot the Continent, and evon in Great Britain itself. Those very refined and highly educated gentry-wore, and are, persistently de- ploring tho evils of demooraoy in placing thc highest offices of honour and of emolument in tho hands ofuneduoatod and indigent men; ! and they confidently prophesy tho destruction of . good government in any oountry where thu laws oro mado by men who aro. not fail accompli ia the mysteriös of the ball-room, the drawing-room, ned tho boudoir. ¿Vow it muât-bo admitted by all impartial men that America haß bf en as wiaoly and firmly go vor ned si nco ber inde- pendence as any country in tho world ; and that her loading public men, as orators, de- baters, financiers, political writers, military and naval commanders, and diplomatists, are not, inferior to those of any country, thus showing tho utter selfishness and erroneous- ness of thoso who on the strength of a few showy and frivolous accomplishments, whioh it is their poouliar happiness to posses?, seek to lower tbe estimation of thoir country in the opinion of the world, and to bring her institu- tions into contompt. Suah minds as thèse we havo spoken of aro to bo found in 'nil ,countrics j but while they oxeroiso a baneful influcnoo in aristocratie Statos, in domocratio countries thoir animus against popular educa- tion of a high order is felt rather ns a social annoyance than as a publie or political griev anoo. Where tho pooplo excrciso on unrestricted cho'oo in thoir publio men they naturally givo tho profcrenco to those candidates: whom they believe to possess abilities best adapted for representing their wants and wishes, and for aiding .in tho attainment of tho objects whioh they have at heart ; and it docB not coucorn thom to in qiiiro whether suoh oandidatos received a oertiQoato of ability or not, in the sbape of a degrco, from any partioular educational in- stitution. As regards tho oandidato himsolf, tho ambition whioh prompts to aspire to publio favour, will also urge to take the best methods of improving tho abilities favourable to'soouring it, thus guaranteeing an eduoation, in a greater or lesB degrco, whioh ÍB tho most offioiont of all oduoation, viz., an éducation oaloulnted to dovelop tho strongest in- tellectual features in a man's eharaoter, and on whioh ambition prompts to oonoentrato all the faoultios of tho mind. It may safoly be said that in a thoroughly domooratio-oountry genius or .eminent ..talent will, when accompanied by ambition, Bod means for cduoating itself ; and wo must consider it as in tho highest degreo foolish to oxpcot that modiocre. or inferior ability, graood with pompous degrees,.by an-imposing educational establishment, should' take tba pas of self educated talent of a high order. Thus mu oh with regard to minds alroady I formed, and eduoatod, by whatever process. With respoot to tho rising gonoration and to thoso on tho evo of ontor>ng upon tho dutios of oitizetaliip, wo again soy that it ÍB tho duty of the pooplo of ibis democratic country to placo within tho reach of ail classes an oduoation of tho li ¡ghost order. lint in saying this wo do not mean to imply that tho oduoa- tion or system of oducntion, prevalent in our leading astabliahmouts is to bo considered as tito highest or most desirable It is open to qiiCB'iou, whethor that systom is tho most favourable to dovoloping tho latont powers of tho intellect. Thora is much diversity of opinion on the subject nmo«g»t tho loading minds of tho ngo. Somo assort that tho ex- clusivo study of tho olassiaa and mathoniittics is inferior to no other ns a mental training, j and as affording information of tho hi- host kind on tho history of mankind in times past. Othors insist that tho season of youth, and of early manhood, should be dqvotou to acquiring A knowlodgo pf tho moro praotioal and genc xolly Uíofttí floionoos only, A third class of theorists stand midway between tlioso, and tdvooate an amalgamate 1 fystem, moro or less comprehensivo, To this latter point a majority of tb» leading minds of tho ago manifest a tendency which bids fair to booome universal. We speak, of oourso, only of (ho higher ola«« of education as imparto lin tho Universities, and of tba modifications to which it is pro- posed to submit suoh eluoation. Wo think thon that tho study of tho classics, especially of the Greek, entails an amount of intellec- tual labour, suoh as few minds oan endure that is if the study is ontored upon with n viow to groat profloionoy, and wo believe that tho advantages Boorning from a thorough mastery, espcoiaUy of the Greok, aro altogether inoommonsurato with tho labour entailed, and to tho expenso and loss of valuable time involvod. If.wo oast oar eyos around on thc thousands of students of tho olassios, whom tho various Universities h ovo scut forth to the world with distinguished marks of honour, we are surprisod to find how very fow of them have realised tho sanguine expectation? formed of thom. After devoting sonto of tbe bost years of lifo to tho study of tho olassics ! how many promising youths have nothing to show but the "little Latin and lesa Greek'' of Lord BYRON J how many of thom degenerate j into mero pedagogues and bookworms, ' having, it may bo an exquisite relish for thc , dreamy nonsense of the olaBsio transoonden I talists, but in regard to all'matters of aotivo life leading an existenoo as purposeless-aa. pos- sible. . Wo .would not "depreciate the. ad- vantages to bo dorived from tho study of Grammars, it tends to give a man a oritical peroeptiou of tho construction of his own language and enables him to express himself perspicuously ; but wo think that the system pursued by, tho Universities is cal- culated to elevate tho means to the dienitv of tho end, and to enervate rather., than strengthen the faoaltios 'of all but a few ohoioo spiritB. Too xnuoh stress, too, has been laid on tho assertion that a thorough knowledge*of tho classics is indispensable to him who wishes to obtain a mastery ovor his own language. This aeson ¡on is not borne out by experience. Some of the most per- spicuous and powerful speakors and writers of tho English languago' are not thorough classi I cal - soholars. ' Wo' question whether .nino t en tba of them could conj uga to a Greek verb or a paBBago from "Thuoydïdes." Mr. GLADSTONE is ono of tho favourod few who ha-ro-received from nature a firstolasa intel- lect, and all the advantages to bo dorived from a pérfeot acquaintance with the classics. Tot we question whether his magnifioont ver- bosity and sonorously rounded poriods will comparo with tho vigorous idiomatic' and un. pretentious Saxon of JOHN Baioni; and wo are positive that with the exception of Mr. GLADSTONE, JOHN FRIGHT is tho 'first orator in England, yet ho did not graduate in a University. In short it seems to us that an exolusivo Btudy of tho classics has a tondenoy to vitiate tho stylo of an English writer or speaker, and to- render him obscure, feeblo, and uninteresting to. a large majority of bis hearers. But while thus pointing out what seems to us as tho evils attonding on an exolusivo study of tho olassica, wo are hot insensible' to tho: advantages to be derived from devoting a moderate share of attention to thom, and moro espeoially to the Latin This l-'tter language enters so., largely I into tho .composition of. .our. own language that somo acquaintance with . it is absolutely necessary to any man who wishes to bcoomo a fluent writer, or speakor, of English. Sut we do not'think that suoh a thorough master of it as isjinsistcd upon by some, is necessary or desirable in order to attain suoh an end. Wo cannot seo what 'Advantagesbari aocruo from long years of study devoted to building Latin hexameters and .arduously scanning daotyls and spondees. Á comprehensive knowledgo of tho Latin vocabulary may bo acquired in a yoár or two, by' reading some of tho best authors of tho Augustine .era, and with Buch knowledgo in his possotsion no intelligent student can bo at'a loss in tracing the deriva- tion of words of Latin origin, which occur in his own language. "With rospeot to the Greek, tb oro seem] to IIB to be insuperable objections to insisting on an extensivo sta-iy of that language. In the first plaoo, it is a very difBoult language to learn ; the charac- ter, the number of declension a and of conjuga- tions, and tho varioty of idioms are so many obstaoles to tho progress of tho student; .and then tho foot,that it enters but d Hu tedi y into our own languago, and is i only used in a direct manner in tho nomenclature of soionce, deprives it of the charm of utility in a great measure. It does not affect this view of tho question .that the Grpak boars a relation to tho Latin, somewhat similar to that which the Latin.bears to the English. If we wero swayod by considerations of this sort, wo should not know whoro to stop, and our bost intellects would bo ceaselessly oocupied in tho pursuit of a philological " will o' tho wisp." As regards a mastery of the terminology of soionce, it seems to us that this could bo ac- quired moro expeditiously by an addendum to the English dictionaries now in use, than by years of toilsomo study of an intricate language, however beautiful and powerful. In any currioulum of studies wo do not see tho advisability of placing the' standard of profioionoy too high, for by so doing wo expoBO our youth to tho risk of bcooming mero pedants or of becoming disgustod with study altogothor. The ol j oct of all soholastio education scorns to us to bo to preparo tho mind for eduoating itself ; and wo should oou sider that system of education tho best whioh would attain the object most oxpodtttously. But whatever system bo followod wo should insitit on all tho advantages and honorary dis- tinctions aooruing from it to bo planed within tho reaoh of tho ambition of tho humblest youth in tho land. Wo beliovo tbnt tho sub jocts for oxamiuation for honors in tho Univer- sity should bo publ'Bhod in thc papers, and that provision should bo made for admit- ting a certain numbor of napirnnts, who were not mombcrs of tho University, to tho exami- nation, gratuitously, and, if they passed tho examination tboy should bo ontitlod to do grecs equally with tho regular students of tho institution. By adopting such a ocurso our University would bo rondcrod a »1« tional in stitution in tho widest SOUBO of tho word ; and wc do not hesitate to say that whilo scouring thc esteem and vonoration of all eimeo* of tba public, it would also noourn for itsolf yonr by year moro substantial bandits in tho s h a po ot rich endowments from appcooiatiog privato individuals. UjB-nJuvT CouriT,- C*usr, LIIT FOB THIS BAT. 1031t JJJ'.OBB and wifo v. Fornandez and wife; IOC"« Tiorijv.T r. JMitcholl¡ 1533, ConniiT v. Braun ¡ 1G35, Gilloai^o 6toT«nB; 1055, Taylor v.1 Summons; 1007,' Graham r. th» Mayor and othoisj IDAS, Jfliilllpa v. ' Johnson ) WU O'Hara v. Ooaoy and wile. ' I 11» ,< 11" ?'. .- . ' ' ..? '..-.? .: VA. . ; ,, r j. 