SINGULAR CASE OF FORCIBLE ENTRY AT SHOALHAVEN. A FIGHT FOR POSSESSION. THE Shoalhaven News of Saturday contains the report of a case where certain persons were charged with making a forcible entry into a dwelling-house and premises. We have abridged the very lengthy report given by the local 'journal: On the 4th August, before Messrs Aldcorn, Glanville, and Bice, Jelfs, at the Nowra Police Court, John Monaghan, James Monaghan, C. Quilty, Thomas O'Brien,, James McGuire, son., James M'Guire, jun., Robert Aberdeen, Lachlan M'Kinnon, Thomas Connelly, M. Rowe, William Cosier, Richard Goulding, William Ma'Guire, Frank McGuire, and John Campbell, appeared upon warrants, issued at the instance of Robert Williams, of Greenhills, Shoalhaven, whose information charged the defendants with having on the 28th day of July last, forcibly entered the dwelling-house and premises of prosecutor, contrary to the statutes made and provided. Mr. Thurlow appeared for the prosecution, while Messrs. Roberts and Richards watched the case on behalf of the whole of the defendants. A large amount of evidence was taken, and as it reveals a case of rather a novel kind in these colonies, we copy some of the most important portions The first witness called was the ejected man, Robert Williams, who deposed that on the 13th July last I took possession of the house and land In question ; I remained till the 16th on that day, James Monaghan came to the house and asked for Robert O'Neil ; I said he was not there: I never left the house; he asked me what I was doing there I said I had taken possession ; Monaghan then took me by the heels and dragged me out ; John Smith was present; after Monaghan dragged me out he shut the place up ; Smith and I went away ; next day, the 17th July, I went back, taking with me my wife, three children, female servant, and a female relative; I had also four paid men on the land ; I ploughed the land and planted corn; on the 28th of July, while I was at the Court, my family were in peaceful possession ; I had two men working upon the land; I was concerned in a case tried at the Court; it was about 5 p.m. when I left the Court; I heard something while I was at the Court, and asked several parties to go with me to the house ; when I arrived there, I found my family in the verandah ; James Monaghan was standing before the door, which was shut ; I asked him to clear the way and let me in there was a forest of men at that time about the house; I took my friends with me to protect me; John Monaghan was inside house when I got them; outside were Frank McGuire, James M'Guire, of Boolong; James M'Guire, the general, both the Monaghan's ; those I can swear were at the house when I went from the Court that day; James Monaghan was at Court and was bound over to keep the peace towards me that day. Thomas, O'Brien, Cosior, Rowen, Goulding, J. Campbell,' and Quilty were all there did not notice Connelly or M'Kin- non ; they were there in the day time ; my wife told me they were there I am not sure of William Campbell being there we went to the front door and could not get in we then went round to the back ; James Monaghan was stand- - ing at the door with a stick ; I told somebody to break the t door in with an axe; asked Monaghan to let the women in, but he said he would not; there were then a great mob about the place, shouting and yelling; there were about thirty persons present; they all had weapons, such as sticks, stones, shingles, or pieces of zinc James McGuire, . junior, rushed at one of my men, made use of some bad words, and said "where is your party ?". one of my men said "here we are;" M'Guuo struck one man, when a general melee ensued ; William Cosier said " is there a !) stone man among you?" there was a very Large mob; James Monaghan rushed and struck me with a three-cornered piece of sawn stuff; old General M'Guire of was. flinging stones at the women, and would have killed some of them, only some one struck him down with a stick; I don't know who struck down M'Guire; the women were struck several times with the stones'; John Monaghan was inside threatening to shoot people ; James Monaghan was behind me, ready to split me down with a bit of sawn stuff at that moment a person, in white floored him when he fell, my wife screamed out, " Oh, my God, that man's killed;" Bhoro-' ferred to James Monaghan ; there were ton besides myself in my party, besides five women ; the crowd on the other side kept increasing; they increased until there were one hundred persons (a laugh) ; Miss Graham, my wife, Mrs. Seddcll were there; I am married to a Graham one of the children of the late William Graham; we had to run away. owing to the mob rushing at us with stones, shingles, ; brickbats, clods, etc. ; I am now ejected from the place ; I - find some working bullocks on the land at the time ; it was about 7 o'clock at night when we were force I to clear away; I n Tuesday last, the 28th July, James M'Guire, James Monaghan, and Mrs. Monaghan were in attendance at this Court ; I was present on that day. In cross-examination Williams stated that his wife and Mrs. Monaghan, mother of the two first-named defendants, were related, both maiden names being "Graham;" the witness also admitted that he had no title deeds, but had documents in right of his wife, which, however, he refused to produce; James McGuire, sen, had been in possession of the land for some eight or ten years, and witness had been watching all that time to get possession. He then stated : had a mob of people there on the 28th July ; they assembled in the evening after we left the Court ; there were eleven of us all told; my wife and family ondsor-, vans were also there; the mobs rushed at each other;-' James McGuire was the first to strike a blow; some of our mob Mei e paid men ; there were three paid men ; employed these men to protect my family ; there was a gun in the house ; my wife did not have the gun in her hands ; she was whirled out of the house by John Monaghan ; James McGuire was knocked down he was not knocked down by a ghost ; I believe I knocked him down ; James Monaghan hung on to me with a stick ; somebody knocked him down; heard some say they would fight with their nets; don't know," but have heard, that Mrs. Monaghan, The mother of James Monaghan, hold possession of this property; it was on the 16th that James Monaglinii"got through the window,, opened the door, and dragged me out by the heels; the interest I claim is through my wife: cannot say that she has any interest. it is disputed property between the families of William and James Giuliani; they are both dead; Mrs. Monag- | han was a Miss Graham on the night of the 28th one of my , men attempted to break in the door with an axe by my orders ; this was at the time of the general row ; James Bna John Monaghan were the parties who commenced the row; only one of my party was knocked down; Monaghan and M'Guire were knocked down on the other side ; the gun was not used at all ; several of my party I wore , cut with knives . or axes : old General M'Guire of had charge of the heap of stones ; saw James Monaghan armed with a stick; Frank Macguire had a stick too; it might be a, shingle; there were more than three shouted ; over one hundred were shouting: my men shouted too; I told my men to let them alone ; I was frightened of the stones ; all the defendants before the Court were there John Monaghan said " stand back, stand back, or I'll shoot you ; " believe he had a gun in his hand ; did not see it I said, " Oh, this is you Monaghan ; " James Monaghan hadji stick, a bit of sawn stuff, when we went up ; it was not' a walking-stick ; don't know whether Mrs. Monaghan has relet the property to Mr. James McGuire since the affray. , Further evidence was taken in support of the plaintiff's case, but the cross-examination of the witnesses led to the " inference that Williams commenced the assault in endeavouring to regain possession of the property and one, witness, Denis Mahoney, deposed: I was paid for going that night, Williams paid me 17s. cash and a " bottle of rum ; I got the money promised noses day; did not care what I did for the 21; on a top sawyer; Williams agreed to give Galvin a £1; he met us both accidentally ; he told us that there was going to be a row, and that there were some men at his place ; there were eleven of us altogether ; believe we were all paid £1 each ; Williams said we should have to take possession by force; don't believe Williams could have knocked down Maguire without my seeing him am satisfied that he did not do it to the best of my belief Monaghan was struck down; our party was the first to commit violence ; I was' armed with a stick about fourteen inches long ; all the rest of the party were armed ; Williams gave all the party a stick ; he gave me one we were to face anybody and anything ; all our party had a glass of grog at David Hyam's before going to the place; Hyam's is about a mile from the scene of the low; I had a glass of rum: got my £1 next day. Mr. Surgeon Reid gave evidence as to the dressing of a scalp wound for a man named Jones, a punctured wound for one Galvin, and a contused wound for one of the" M'Guire's. r , Robert O'Neill, who had occupied the place as a tenant of James M'Guire, was called for the defence, and deposed to giving up possession on the 17th July to the lessor Janice M'Guire. '? Their Worships retired for about half-an-hour, and upon taking their seats, Mr. Thomson said the Bench had carefully considered the evidence in this case, and they had come to the conclusion to dismiss it. The case is therefore dismissed. The announcement was received with cheers, and when the large body of spectators who had crowded the Court-house almost to suffocation throughout the whole of this lengthy trial got outside the building they continued cheering and counter-cheering for some considerable time. Mr. Thurlow applied for copies of the depositions, with a view of bringing the case under the notice of the AttorneyGeneral. , i Two assault cases arising out of the above, Noakes v. M'Guire, and W. Ma'Guire V. Hyams, were disposed of by the defendants being bound over to keep the peace for three months, in one surety of £0. * i < 