GEELONG-. Friday. I Mr. Giuliani Berry has been elected for "West Gee- long. IIo was opposed by Mr. B. B. Johnson, thc Mayor. Mr. Berry was formorly in the House, in tho days of tho Convontion. His candidature on this occasion was supported ty tho Loyal Liberal Associa- tion. POLITICAL.-No chango, so far aa wo aro informed, took placo in tho political situation yostordi.y. M Martin and his colleague?, if they can induce Lord Belmore to consent to a dissolution, will retain office pending an appeal to tho country. Failing to obtain a dissolution no other courso is opon to thom but to resign. There is a gonoral impression that thero will ba no dissolution, and that on Tuesday next, Mr. Martin will havo to announcó that Ministers only bold ellice until their successors aro appointed. NEW SOUTH WALES PEOTESTAKT POLITICAL ASSO- CIATION.-T'.o usual weekly meeting of this associa- tion was held last evening in the Bathuist-street schoolroom; the president, Mr John Davies, in the chair; Mr. Maguire, vice-president, occupying the vice-chair. Tho minutes or tho previous meeting were read and confirmed. Thero was a very largo attendance. Mr. Goold stated that fifty members were admitted last week at tho Waterloo branch. The report of tho council WSB read and adopted. It steted, among othor subjects, that Dr. Beg had offered to deliver a lecture next mouth ; and that arrange- ments would be mado by tho council to avail them j selves of tho offer. Tho presidont said that he saw in that day's EMMBE a Protestant picnic advertised to take place at Clontarf on the Prince o£ Wales Birth- day. He know nothing of tho advertisement, but thought it a good suggestion, and suggested that tho morohers should think over it Mr. Goold suggested that twenty 'buses be engaged for a trip to Parra- matta. A iarae number of shares for tho erection of tho now Protestant Hall wero taken up, over a thou- sand shares being already subscribed for. It was carried that tho question of the picnic bo referred to the council. THE AIBEBT GBOCKD.-The opening sportB of tho season talco place at tho Albert Orickct Ground, Redfern, to-day. The stirt for tho first event (there being a dozvn upon tho card) a handicap flat raco, of ISO yards, open to all comers, for a first and second prize of 0 sovs and 2 sovs respectively, taking placo at a qu-rlcr-past 2 in tho afternoon. Thero aro five ontries in eaoh division. The programme also in- cludes a hurdle race of 250 yards and undor, a handi- cap hurdle race of 440 yards, for a first prize of 5 so vs.' and a second prize of 2 soys ; a hurry scurry, for all boys of 12 and under, post entry ; and a grand handicap . walking ? match- of three miles, for a first prlzo of 5 sovs, and a second of 2 sovs, for which Haibiltcn, Bailor, Mihi)), Cleary, and Fisher aro entered. Thero aro nine entrances for a half-milo handicap flat raco, tho first prize offered being 5 sovs, with 2 sovs second money. Tho sptondid bond of Messrs. Alderson and Sons will, by permission, be in attendance, and play some now and choice selections of music between the intervals, The arrangements of the coinmitteo' aro. it is undotstood, of the most ' liberal and comprehensive kind, and tho publio patronage, if accorded in an equally liberal manner, will undoubtedly rendor tho oponing athletic Bports, us thor ouirht to bo. a comnlote success. MADAME ANNA. Elanor's BEBEMT.-Tho porfoixa ances at tho Prince of Wales Opera Houee this oven iug aro for tho benefit of Mndamo Anna Bishop, and it satisfactory to perceive, as a mark of tho unques- tionable abilities of that lady ana her continued popularity, that his Excolloncy tho Govornor, tho Countess of Bolmoro, and OommoJorJ Lambert, O.B., have extended their patronage upon the occasion, which is also, tko lovors of Ürat-olasa mnaio will not bo delighted to hear, tho last nicht of the grand opera at tbo above placo ot amusement. Tho performance will comprise tho first and second acts of Bellini's .' Norma ' in which tho favouiito cantatrico will lopeat tho role of tho Priests**, and conclude with tho second aot of - " Xiuorcsia Borgia." Madame Bishop will» as hitherto, be effectively sustained by Signora Ida Vitali, and Signori Dovoli and Bcrtolinf, and Mr. Guarios La'olles, and the combined attraction is such as should int ure, apart from her own transcendent n orita os an artiste, a bumper at parting in honour of Madame, HiaBXAXD JBBIOADE.--At a meeting-of Nb. 2 Com- pany of tho Highland Brigade, held last evening at tho Volunteer Barracks, Mr, J. Chisholm was olocted lieutenant, and Mr. Ramsay, of Dobroyd, ensign. Music-Tho appointment of organist to St. Androw's Cathedral bas been givon to Mr. Montague Youngor, a very promising Australian artist Tho soleotion bas givon great tatisfnetion to a very largo number of porsons identified with tho establishment of our first English cathedral, which will bo opened nest month. Until th ero aro sufficiont funds tho appropria tiou of tho building will lie with tho presout parish- ioners of Ht: Audrow's ; ovory Sunday afternoon and saint days, cathedral services. PKINCB of WALES OPERA. HOUSE.-" Luorezia Borgia" was given lost ovoning. with the same casto, and as effectually as on Thursday, Tho houso was tolerably well lilied, but thero waas not tho largo attendance that might have been looked for. Soveral of tho boxes in tho dress ci rel o woro vacant, which is remarkable considering tho immensity of the attraction. Tho greatest enjoyment appeared to have boon given to tho visitors at tho opera, upon this tia last occasion but ono of Madame Anna Bishop's ap- pearance- in Sydney ns Lucrozia Borgia. FATAL ACCIDENT.-A little child, eighteen months of ago, was run over in Goulburn-streot by a baker's cart on Tuesday last. The poor little thing was taken to its parents' residence in Dixon-stroot, having: sustained such severo injuries that it lingered and died yesterday afternoon. An inquest will bo hold on tho remains Ibis forenoon, at tho Oddfellows' Arms, Sussex and Goulburn streets. Tho driver of tho cart wes yesterday nppr^beudod, and admitted to bail. He will bo held to answer tho charge, pending the in- quest CrunACTEMsrics OF TJTE PRESENT AOE.-We have recoived a pamphlet by tho Rev. Dr. Lang, entitled : " Tho Characteristics of the Present Ago identical with those of tho Age immodiately beforo tho Flood." Tho author fixes on three characteristics as tho most marked features of this ago: -1. .' Great intolloctual, social, and material development 2. "Violenco;" and 3. " A widespread and rcmarkablo outburst ot irreligion and infidelity." In oaoh of these respects tho present days aro compared to tho days of Noah. In illustration of tho first, the numerous inventions of tho antediluvians-.Tabal, Jubal, and Tubalcain-aro compared with tho introduction of steam power, tho extension of railways, and Ibo diffusion of knowledgo during tho present centuiy. Tho violenco of tho antediluvian giants has its count rpart in tbo Crimoan, Indian, Danish, American, and GormaH wars, and the war-spirit pervading almost all tho civilised world at the present time. Tho languid stato of religion in Crii-tian chunhos, and thc spread of opinions at varianeo with tho faith of Christ, both oa tho continent of Europa and in our fatherland, cor- responded to tho third feature of tho old world. On theso throe grounds tho author argues that tho coming of tho Son nf Mun is no .r j tbat the Church of Chrut should bo looking for tho gloiious appoarunco of tho Redeemer; and that tho whole world should bo warned to prepare for that momentous event Tho discourse wa3 pro chod by tho nutlior in the Wickham Tcrrnco Pre:-bytoiian Church, Bvi?bano. Queensland, on tho 2Gth Scp'embar last ; and tho profits of tho publication aro to bo appropriated towards the extinction of tho dobt on that church. MEIIOMAL TO THE I.ATE CATHOLIC BlSIIOP ASO LATKVICAU GESKKAL OP IIOIUKT TOWN.-Tho corn miiteo in connection with tho proposed mémorial to tho lato Right Rev. Dr. Willson. Bishop of Hobart Town, and tho lato very Rev. William Hall, D.D., Vicar-General, recently held a meeting in St. Joseph's eehoo'-rooni, tho Very Rev. William Dunn, Viear Gcneral, in tba chair. We tako the report ot the pro- ceedings from tho Mercury. Tho minutes of tho pre- vious meeting having btCH read and confirmed, and feveral subscriptions handed in. tho chnirniah requested Mr. Henry Hunter to favour tho meeting with a view of tho inteuded memorials. Tho dr-.-igns wero oxamined by all pr-tent with considerable interest, their nature having been previously ox; la ned by Mr. Hun'er. The laiger plan embraced sketches of tho stained glaE3 to be placed in the great chancol window of St. Mary's Cathedra', as a joint memorial to tho late Bishop and his Vicir-General. A design was nl?o exhibited of a monumental brass to be inlaid on a marble elah, which ? will hn placed over tho tomb of the Into Vicar General in tho transput of the cathedral. It is deserving of notico that tho chief portion of the proposed memorial window comprises precisely tho sanio emblomB ai thoào suggested sovoral years since by the late lamented Bishop, whoco plan for the chancel window of tho cathedral, adopted by hiruaelf, is still in esibtenco. With reference to thc joint memorial, tho window consists of flvo lights, tho centro ono boin;- filled with a representation of tho " Crucifixion of Our Saviour." Tho subjects occupying tho fido lights »Te the " Annunciation of tho Ble.-sed Virgin," tho "Nativity of Our Lord, ' tho "Resurrection," and the " Accensión," each surmounted by an elaborately enriched canopy. Thc beautiful tracery of tho window head is treated symb- licnlly, each trefoil being filled by an angel bearing various oinblems of tho Passion. The centra bears tho type of tho Holy Ghost At tho bottom of the centre light is a shield on which aro tho ans of tho hie Bishop Willson. Along tho whole lower part of tho window on the glass will bo a Latia inscription containing tho dedication of tho memorial. Tho contrasts and combinations of tba colours ara chaBto and highly effective. Tho window, which is being executed by Messrs. Hardman and Co., Bir- mingham, will undoubtedly rank very high nmongBt tho many works of art now in tho colonies. Tho momorial to the late Vioar-Ganeral is also being pre- pared by tho same firm. This consists of a black marble polished slab, with an inlaid braaa figure of a vosted priest, and a rich border containing suitable in- scriptions. Both memorials aro to bo ready for ship- ment by tho end of tho year. Their cost will be shoat £400, which ie being raued by subscription through- out the colony. Tho Catholics havo been most generously aided by many of tho numerous friends. and admiiers of all denominations of tho late de- servedly estoomed prelate and Vicar-General. VITAL STATISTICS OP SYDNEY AND SUBURBS.-Tho Registrar-General's report on tho vital statistics of Sydney and suburbs during the month of September« and for the quartor ended 3Uth September, 1808, ap- pears in laBt night's Gazette It nppcars from that document that the number of births recorded ia Syd noy during September was 230, viz., 110 males and lld females, being 29 above tho avoroge of tho cor- responding month in tho previous flvo years, and 137 in excess of the deaths of the month. The doaths weio 93, viz., 53 males and 89 females, 18 below the month); avcrago of tho preceding quinquennial period. Local diseases bore tho highest proportion to total deaths, viz., 31-41 per cent Constitutional diseases stood next, with a proportion of 20-48 per cent, tho oauses being, dropsy 2, cancer 3, moitiflcation 2, phthisis 12. The proportion of zymotic diseases was 10-35 per cent, composing, with ono exception, the miasmatic order of the class. Seven deatba were at'ributod to violent cause? ,viz., 5 from fractures and con- cluions, 1 from burns and scalds and 1 from drowning,. In the metropolitan division the quartet's births (1309) . excocded tho quartoi's deaths (564) by 745, and showed a decrease ot 3 on tbs births of tho corres- ponding quaiter of 18U7, while tho deaths exhibit a decrease of 0 on tho number (570) registered during; tho samo period in tho past year. The infantile mortality was at tho rato of 40-30 per cent to aggre- gate deaths ; in tho Septomber month of tho previous year it was 43 82.. The highost reading of tho thermometer in the shado, os registered at the Sydney Observatory, during the month of Soptombor last, was 83 0 on the 28th. and the lowest (45-5) on tba 9tb. The greatest rnrigo of temperature (23 0) was observed on tho 30th Greatest amount of humidity (97-0) on tho 20lh ; least (20 0) on tho 28th. Greatest rain fall (COI ineheO on .the 15tb. Number of days lightning, 4. Tho greatest number of daatba during tho Septomber month, according to municipal divisions was in Bourka Ward, in which tho Infirmary, &c;, is situate. Tho total of deaths in tho ward was 25, showing 0 48 as the por centage of mortality in respe ot to , tho population, of tho ward. In Fitzroy Ward tho per ' centago of deaths to tho population was 0 02, though thu bill of mor- tality included 20 deaths. In gipps Ward, whore thora were 14 deaths, tho fer con togo of deathB to tho population was O-10 ; in Cook Ward tho per contigo WOB 015. there having teen 13 deaths. The lowest per couti gs'was in Denkon Ward, whero five öeoths only occurred dur¡r¿ the month. Tho births regbtorod duting tho month in tho registry districts fa ming tho metropolitan division were 423, .viz.,. 225 males and 108 females Tho deaths were 169, viz., 01 males and 78'fomales. Tho highest per contage of deaths to the population was in R-odfern and'..Botany. 0-81. Bal- main comes next, with a per centage of 0-25; and ibo per centos') of.denths to tho population of tho Gl*e was 0-24.-. Ih'Pudtf irjgtoa and Concord tho per eint ago was oven, 0-21; in St. George's and St Leonaids it w»s U14, in Sydney 0 10, and at Newtown 0-09,. 