§ut Mox%Mkx. ? A MAN'S EOMANCE. V'A .'? A TALE.' ??'?., : ,: Bt Mrs. Pjlbsoss. ? ; Chiptbr VII.— (Continued.) He said he bad kept a secret for the end — a Becret he had now got liberty to tell. Miss Waddesdon was going to be married ; andmany ot them here knew her intended husband. ??- -i After a minute ©f wonder and congratu lation, Father Joseph said with a sweet gravity, 'Not very long ago Sir Henry i/jayion was nere. we ail Know tne cause ?f his prolonging his visit here. He came as a stranger, suddenly and sadly. But lie came under circumstances which showed Mm to be a brave, good, kind man, a true Catholic, a ready friend, and one who will fee an affectionate master. He is going to aaarry Miss Waddesdon. I fttn a little *orry to say that their return to this place will not be for a year. There will be a good deal done here in the mean time ; and when they come, may we all be here to welcome them. And so, amidst cheers and great delight Father Joseph and his friends left the table. He had given his people much to think of and to talk about ; and he went away, to be again busy for thorn; there was still much to do. All was done, however, before very late ; and no entertainment ever went off more tnccessfully than that given by Miss Waddesdon for the new year at Waddesdon Hall. Old Gerard May took his half- asleep little great-grandchild in his arms, and begun his walk homewards. Just outside the . grounds, by the gate which led from the public road to the yew- tree path between the road and the church, stood Gregory Churcher. Gregory. He stopped ; was there any one among the trees overhearing them? — that was his thought. Gerai'd May touched his hat ; for old Gregory was greatly res pected as a good farmer and a j ust master. And than Gregory asked, ^?What are you going to do with that «hild?' u The best I can, maister,' was the truthful answer; for Gerard was net a man in a position to make plans and do as he pleased. ' You have no one to take care of her ?' ' Widow Blight, where I lodge, is kind to me, and she'll be kind to her. She'll be brought to work, as we all have been.' ' tf you can get the child taken iut -the Orphanage at Working, I will pay for her. What is that among the bushes ?' ' Nothing, maister, and bless you. But you bean't afraid of ghosts V -l No,' said Churcher, still with his eyes fixed on one particular spot ; ' no, but we go the same way, and we can go together. I want to talk of the child. I will main tain her while I live, for the sake of what Father Joseph said to day.' ' God bless you,' said Gerard piously ; n the good act will bless your store, Mr. Churcher ; folks say you are mighty rich, though,' added the old man with a chuckle, ' Folks are fools,' said Churcher testily. 'If a man does not drink, nor live iuxuri cusly, nor lavish like a thief on himself the money he ought to spend in wages and giving back to the. soil something for what he takes out of it ; if he is a wise man, and pays his way, they talk of riches. Faugh 1 I have no patience with the gossiping, world, and 'tis well I see no more of it.' tl I meant no offence,'' said old May. , -{ I have taken uune,'' answered Churcher wBut this I'll say : I doubt sometimes if I have done for others enough to express my gratitude for all that Gou has done for me ; in that sense I've been a miser. But go to morrow to the nuns at Working, if you ?an.' The two old men then walked to Monk s Barton together ; Gregory Churcher hrd to turn into the Barton Farm, and old May had to go dowu a lane about five hundred yards to his own cottage. Before they parted, they stood for a moment in the moonlight, and said a few parting words to. ?ach other. The child was asleep across the old man's Bhoulder, her head nestiing in, mid bent jway from the light. They smiled as they koked at her, and Gregory held out his «*wxL It rai not ft usual thing for kirn to -'?»?? r. ..? . ,-. ? ? ~ . ?? ' . . ? \\.\ . . ;. . ? ? do ; so May remarked oa it afterwards, and said he took his hand as a ratification of the promise that had been made to take care of Kate Gary. At that moment, at the head of the lane, the walls of the farm-yard being close byj a fignre passed rapidly. They were standing a few steps down the lane which led to Gerard's home, and the figure passed the head of the lane close behind them, having come by the way they had come, and passed onward. It startled both of them. They stepped back to the road to look after it., They saw nothing. ' He has not gone up the entrance by the front-gate, has he V* said Churcher. Then he called loudly, ' Hallo 1 who is there? I'm outside, if you want me.' But no answer came. He called again : ' What do you want V1 But there was no answer. 'It's a queer thing/' said May;' he could not have got out of sight—- he murt be, hiding.' They saw a light itruck in the house keeper's room, and presently the window was opened. ' Well, Janet, what's the matter V called out Churcher. ' Why, master— it is you, then t I thought I heard you call. Have you not got the key of the vrall door ? * ' Yes, al right,' cried Churcher : « I'm coming in. I called to some one I saw in the road.' Having said this, he went again a few steps down the lane with Gerard May * till' they reached the door in the wall which: Janet had mentioned, and of which Churcher had the key. He opened the door which led through a kitchen- garden to the back entrance, and having again said good night, he let himself in. He went up the garden-path, looking round him, and stepping rather loudly on the hard gravel. He opened the house door and walked in. He walked through the house to the front entrance : it was barred and safe. He went into all the lower rooms, and saw that the windows were properly fastened. He went to Janet's door, and knocked. 'Yes, sir?' 11 Your husband there ?' ' La, sir. yes ! Bless ye !' Janet was. quite bewildered. 'Well,' said old Churcher, 'I want some supper ; not much, but something.' ' I'll get up myself,' said the woman. ' You ordered us to go to bed as usual, or I should have set up to let you in.' ' A cup of coffee in the counting-house.' The' counting-house' was a small room fitted up with a desk and wooden chairs, and some book shelves. Cupboards held papers, and many and various old things, — spirit bottles, glasses, sugar, and silver spoons Also there was tobacco ; elose by pipes; bundles of letters. There was a box which looked as if it held treasures ; if any one had opened it they would have found altar-linen, an alb, and w-*x candles. But there was money in the house, — and in this room, called the counting house. One cupboard was filled with shelves, and lined with wood. If you removed the com- tents of a certain she!f, and piessed the wood at the back in a particular way, the back would drop forward, and come separ ate. A square place in the wall was then revealed, into which, as into a box, you could drop any small article; and when the back of this part of the cupboard was replaced, it became perfectly concealed. Into this place old Churcher, from time to time, dropped little canvas bags full of sovereigns. He always drew at the bank ten, fifteen, or twenty pounds more than he wanted. The overplus ho tied up aud dropped into this seer- 1 place at the back of the cupboard It was a fancy of his never to count what was there except at times when he had determined on au act of chanty or generosity, — as when he had given the two hundred pounds to Charles Vernon, and now that he was going to send money to the convent for Kate Cary. Char.ey's money -had not come out of ihe secret place at tho moment when it was given, simply because he had found so much more than he expected in the cup board when he first wont to look, that he had gone the very next day to the bauk with nearly all of it. But uiiiee that he had only given those beautiful furs . and winter things to Avice ; and he had, from many sources, put in much. He knew he j must have a considerable sum of money j there. It woi time to do another good? action, -to take tithe of theao hoarding!. { So he mndertook Kato Gary's maioteuaaot; * and he now sat, at midnight, in the count ing house, drinking coffee by a bright little fire, and not taking any reokoning of the secret store, because his memory kept turning to the dark figure that had passed so rapidly, and disappeared in a way that he could not explain. Chapter VIII. MRS. BKNHETT'S PABTY. Mrs. Bennet, who felt that her infirmity, slight as it was, might make her a trouble some guest, s ldom left her own house ; even to go to her daughters of an eve'iiing was a strange event, and one that neverloc curred in the winter. But now that Emma was spending her holidays at her house, she promised herself— for she was a most cheerful hearted old lady — a little pJeasimt gaity among her friends before JElmma went. When this resolution vras made known to Emma, she declared herself to be truly and greatly delighted, and she began to make the necessary preparations with vigour aud ability. It amused Mro. Ben net, and even Mrs. Brooks, to see how easy this sort of work was. to Emma Giwes. She arranged the whole entertainment ; she knew ©very one who ought to be ask 3d ; she busied herself about her friaads' dresscsB ; and the questions of decoration and food were settled with as muob. case as if she had been brought up to work and done nothing else. Number 9 Queen Square became a, sort of fairy palace ; and it became so very quickly, for the entertainment at Wad desdon had been on Thursday, and Mrs Benuet's party was to be on the Tuesday after. Avice had arrived on Monday evening, and Charles Vernon had accepted an iu vitation to spend a few days with Mr. and Mrs. Brooks. He was very useful in tying up the wreaths of laurel and flowers with which Emma was decorating the drawing room ; . and Mrs. Bennet, who could not do much owing to her stiff arm, gave directions to Jane and another woman hired for the occasion, and her opinion in all doubtful questions upon matters of taste was found to (-e perfect. By two o'clock the preparations were completed, and Mr. and Mrs. Brooks and Charles Vernon sat down to dinner with the party at Number 9. Of course Emma, who had imagined it all, was praised ; of course, when Chai-les Vernon admired the room, aud beard of the arrangements, and said that they were perfect, he was admiring Emma, and Emma's work. But Emma had a way — or Avice felt that she had a way— -of taking all this to herself She put herself in the foreground in some way that made AviM feel that she put her in the background. Already the entertainment had become grievous to Avice. She struggled wilh herself; she knew— she had good reason for kuo wing —that Charles Vernou's hea t was her own, and that he never thought of his future life without her. And for herself she knew that he had always been a part of her life ; aud that after all that had now passed between them, life would be a desolation— almost a terror — without him. Poor Avice ! fatherless, motherless Aviae; pure-minded, gentle, womanly Avice ; she could not undersf-aud that Emma Groves had no one to love, and that she to« k admiration from every body ami any body as an excitement, as a pleasure for the moment to he forgotten next week, as a gratification to her personal vanity, as something that made life pass merrily— nothing more. But Emma liked it, aud showed she liked it. She expected admiraion, and took it- as her right. She ha;] a sort of familiar commanding manner with, her, which fascinated people ; aud she ordered . both men and women about, and got things her own way, with au ease which astonished every body, and which won her praise. When Charles Vernon obeyed her with smiles, and brightened up under her orde.B ; when he piaisedher and said what a clev.ir, bright creature she was, and how well bhe looked —ten times as well as many people who were real'y handsomer — tueu Avice, who could not deny a word that he said, ielt something— she had no name now for what she felt. She had had happy days with Charles, which seemed to make jealousy impossible; and yet Emma morti fied her. She was vexed with herself. She had a sweet face, that showed what her inner self was dwelling on. So, at times that day, she looked grav« and almost afSi jied, for she was taking herself to task, and tell ing her trembling, vexed Irnrt that she was mean and suspicious and unkind to htt friend. Jane, Mrs. Bennet's trusty servant, saw this. She was a good woman ; but ah* talked, and judged people, as has been said before. Well, she saw the marks of ifyj contest that was going on in A vice's min-|, and she talked of it. n i The hired woman who was working with her waa the person she spoke to. Thfi woman, who was called Rachel, was not ft :'. Catholic, and naturally enough liked Misr Groves for not being one. Besides this, shY : really thought Miss Emma Groves :qai{t--- beautiful, and often said so. She also liked ; - the bright way in which Emma spoke, and ' the clever way in which her orders wer« '?- given. She had said to Jauo that it was & T real pleasure to work under such a young lady as that ; if she had to b gin life all over again, she'd serve Miss Groves. ' Any ' body could go through fire and water t& such a lady as that.' /...V..; Jane liked to hear anybody praised, that belonged to the family; BOi though ahe | did not by any means agree in this opinioa i of Emma Groves, ehe did not contradict it. ? When these two women were washing . fi up together after dinner* in order to get j every thing away quickly to be ready % the evening, Jane said i ' That bright Miss Groves, that you like so much, is trying to steal away Misw Arden's lover ; that's my opinion.' ' . - .' ' How do you know.' ' I can see. And it's all in Miss Arden** face. I shouldn't like so much of that' Miss Emma's talking if I were her.' Rachel laughed. ?' ' Charles Vernon will be a good match ' for anybody. My bright Miss Groves would make old Mr. Churcher's money fly for every body's good. I'd wish her to : have him.' ? ' Aud break Miss Avice's heart !' ? Oh, trust her !' cried RachaeL « I ? know old Martha at Waddesdon, and ' Martha worships Mrs. Vernon and Mifia ;' Arden too ; but she has told me that Mi8B Arden, though she looks so mild and gentle, has a true spirit. If she is vexed, ahe'll speak. Well, he can't marry both - of them ; and if he has begun to think of ' Miss Gloves, he'll never think more of Avice Arden ' And, on this being said, the woman, who had finished the work upon which they had been engaged together, parted ? for other employments,. While they had been talking, Fathef ? Joseph called. When he rose to go, ht ' asked if Mrs. Benuefc would allow hind ' to leave the house by the back garden door, which opened on Mint Lane, as he had to ; make a call on a poor pt^rson not far off. *?-; ' Avice,' said «rs. Bennett, 'takeF*. ther Joseph through the house and dowa '* the backstairs. We have locked up tht ' lower rooms,' for the supper is already laid out there.' When Avice and Father Joseph got to '' the little room on ihe top of tho stairs ^ which has been spoken of, she took down r the key which they ke).»t fur their private use, June having another; bub wheu sb.9 ? looked round to ask Father Joseph to go ' first, he said : . . ? '? Stop, child ; why are you unhappy ?' From her childhood she had always an- ? swered every question t he holy priest had ? asked her with a perfect truth and a per« ' feet sincerity. And so she answered him ' now, speaking low, b t speaking easily j ' following tho good'. habits of her holy Ufa ♦ ' blushing at her tolly, fur it all seemed folly now that she told it But; till, her feelings about Emma, and her -vexatious, and hey ?- dislike? to ihe power she used over 'Jha'let ^ Vernou ; all her own weakness, her ow» momentary ill temper, her sense of injury '? — it all oame forth in very few words, and ! as plainly and as simply as if her heart had opened like the leave, of a book, aud sht t had only uttered faithfully the things that were written there. ' Come with me, my child.' So they walked do.m the garden to gether, v- (1* itcowtH^''-!. '- PowBRymc PRKAUJitiv - -... u?i tain nsT-orQndt .'. drone in the country, prou-hiu^ a rery dqtj ' sermon to a congregation not used to him, many ' of them slunk out; ot tho ohnrch, one aftiNP ' another, before the sermon waa nearly end-hft« ' Truly, 'said a gentleman prose -fc ' ihia I«ar»f4 ' doctor made a reiy moving disooowA.' It ia said of a g&od;«natar«d follow that ke wtft '? '' M apt to forgiro iojoms a* inosS people ar« feb . ; forg&t; tawfith . .... ?;?_-.. ''us.il \- ? ? ? ? ?'._'?;;?.' : -V^-' 