T.E EFUISAL TO SAY "DIE." "Aye," said Lord Chesterfield in the days of his age, "poor old Tyrawley and I arm both of us detd, if we only knew it." It is astonishing that this fact of people beinge dead for years before they are buried is not more commonly perceived and acted on than it is, and not people only, but books, newspapers, institu tions, and whaterver else is capable of having life and keeping the appearance of it after the reality has come to an end. For, look whore we will, on every side you see incurable and ineapables tripping and stumping hither and thither with all the prctentions and airs of life as if they were in the hey-day of a career, while in truthl they are only as spent ennnon-balls, toothless watchdocs, ghosts, or whatever emblem one may choose for what was once something and now no lLing. A book, for example, can preserve an amazing air of vitality and popularity for years after all the truth that was once in it has been absorbed into eur rent opinion, transferred to new forms and expres sions; or, owing to chance of circumstance, has ceased to be true at all. It is notorious that ajournal may keep most of its reputation and ever so many of its readers lone after any intellectual sap has ceased to flow in its columns, and after it has begun to give itt readers, instead of fruitage, mere abundance of dry leaves and sticks. And so of hIuman beings. It is immensely diicult for a man to know when he is dead; to know, that is to say, when he has lost thile faculty ofmerving aloneg with his time, and living in its fnoremnst idenas nd aspirations; when be has no longer anythling to hone for, normuch to care for, nothing to ro-tribnte to the common stock, nor much to receive from the effores of othcrs. nor any will to receive it. Of rourse it may be said that, from this point of view, a cernL many persons are as good as still-born to hbrin with. And this is quite tre. There is some thling partly pathetic and partly comic in the num her of men and women whom one meets in the world who have never been quickened into life by the slimulus of rircumstance, and yet who move through their existence withll all the manner of active creatures. They eat and drink, and to a certain extent have the cift ofarticulate speech, and lthey an i' th' cataloeue for hluman creatures. But what of allthis simulation of life P They only more in a phantasmagoria. No tlhing comes of them, excent a certain blocking up of tihe way for the living. These persons, however, are to be bornn with, if without sympathy, also without aceive wrath. Aecer directed against blocks is a awonf of a good thing. The ease of those who have lived and live no more, yet remain on the face of the earth notwithstanding, is different. Their obstructive power is of an active sort, and, with tile reputation of their lives to back them, their chlances of doing mischief are most seriously ample. Take a politician, for example, who Ihas been bred up in principles that have become snored traditions with him, and which appear to him to contain all things that are needful to salvation. The reasons which recommended them to him may have been good reasnns, and for their time they may have snited circumstances to perfection. Butcireum stances change, and unless the man changes too, and ssifta his ground to match, then all the good which ihe did and cot tihe credit of doing becomes in the public mind a ground for continuing to believe in him, and so past bene8fits grow into a root of present and future injury. The Americans am often re proached withll their short memories towards their statesmen. They have a quaint proverb about the exceeding smallness of ex-oresidents. Yet would it not Ihave saved, would it not even now save, England many troubles if some ex-premiers and ex- politicians of lower degree were to fall into as small estate as that of men who hare filled high political offce in America P The good that men do perhaps dies with them; it were no bad thing if they should die when thley have done whlat good they can. For this is just one of those places where our English fashion of re vreene, good and gracious as it is in so many respects, does us real harm, and will continue to do so until some magician has conferred on statesmen; authors, and all others whom it may concern, the ad mirable quality of knowing exactly when they are dead. There is not one leading man out of fifty with this rare gift of knowing when the sap has ceased to flow, when his agility in moving with circumstances is palsied, when the time has comefor retirement into the cool and graceful region of reminiscence. There are so many reasons why evgn a good man should be reluctant to acknowledge that he has a foot in the political or speculative grave. His methods have answered in past times, why should they not answer now P He was in active life when his opponents were in the fourth form at school, for he was studying the highlest problems in this or in-that when they were puzzling over its very elements; surely he must be the wiser, &o.; ? The other side of all this is not ap parent to him, that the very qualities which enabled him to understand and to grapple with one set of circumstances may most effectually unfit him for the comprehension and settlement of tbs next set pre sebting themselves. To put it into a bformula-a human characeter is much more likely to stiffen than human circumstances to reproduce itself. Perhaps the world finds this out most constantly and most expensively in the case of military people. No ex perience is able to drive out of the heads of a Govern' moent the idea that the veteran must be the right person and the best person available to place in com mand. Because old General Scott had proved him self equal to the conduct of a war in Mexico, the American Government argued that he was the best man they could find to fight a territory of thousands of square miles. The poor man was, in point of military capaeity, as dead ten years ago as he is now. English military history is a long uhronicle of the effort of men with life and an alert vision to break thle monopoly of command enjoyed by creatures long definet. How much force has been lost to thebs coun' try, wasted in this heart-breaking and miserable strugele, no mortal man can tell. We can only iman pine it from the spectacle of the same sort of waste still visible to anybody who has eyes to see, and from the sound of it audible at this moment to anybody whlo has ears to hear. The penalties which a people pay for their adoration of experienno are a great deal heavier in thle long run and spread over the total than any which the adoration of rashness and audacity would be likely to cost them. Only the penalties are mainly negative. They do not assume the shape usually taken by tile penalties ofsandacity, of tremen dous and striking disaster, about which there can be no doubt, nor denial, nor mistake. The mischief of the rulte of the dead lies in the number of opportuni ties of which they rob us, of the achievements that mietht have saved us but for them, of the heroes who would have risen up to deliver us if they had not been kept under, as lthoueh ithey were flames of destroying fire instead of rays of healing light. It is something of an open question, whether the men who were once wise, do not inflict more ill upon us than those who were always fools. That theIy have the best oppor tunity is certain. It is the latter, indeed, to whom they are most indebted for this opportunity. It may be said tlhat the great aim and cbaracter istic of a wise practical phlilosophy is to keep men out of the hIorrid mental fit of being dead, while thinking that they still live, by prolonging mental activity, or to use a preciser phrase, the faculty of taking an interest in a great number of objects, as long as there is any sort of consciousness left. This is perfectly true, but it is not quite the whole truth of the matter. To take interest in thins iseonlv a virtue when your interest is untainted by the poison of egotism. Most people would like to see good things done, but a con siderable proportion among them would make this conditional on thle things being done by themselves, or at least in their own special way. The very acti vity of interest displayed by tile unconsciously defunct is just what makes them so truly pestilent. The wise and virtuous man is hie who is keenly anxious for this matter and for thlat, and yet insists neither on his own position being in the front, nor on hIis own peculiar methods being implicitly adopted. Not to sum up the universe in your own individuality is the begin ning of wisdom. Men possessed of this wisdom are conscious that each of us only marches as one in a oast and numberless army. Wat one can do is as nothing. When he has fallen under the burden and the hIeat, the great host marches on and on as before. To think much on this, much on thle race and little on self, is thle surest way ofaroiding premature death. Consciousness of the immeasurable size of all life in comparison of any one, even if that he the most im portant, and how moch more if it be of the least important, is probably the most indispensable of these elements which keep a character wholesome and life like. With this element the chauces of one's uncon seiously passing away to limbo, and yet persisting in fluttering and gibbering among old scenes, are indefi nitely lessened.--Pll all Gat etle. 