Haroldane. WIT AND HUMOR. ] ! Why is a modern Reformer like a ilea (with our apologies to Mr. Disraeli) ? Because he is given to " leap in the dark." A surgical journal speaks of a man — , lived five years with a ball in his bead. Jones j says he has known ladies to live twice as long j with nothing but balls in their heads. h Why is a lawyer's profession not only legal b but also religious .' Because it involves a j knowledge of the law and a love of the profits (prophets). "Whatever made you marry that old woman ?"' said a mother to her son. " You're always teiiing me to choose a wife like my mother," was the dutiful reply. A person pretending to have seen a ghost, j tvas asked what the apparition said to him. ; " How should I know he replied, " I am | not skilled in the dead languages." j Jones complained of a bad smell about the I post-office, and asked Brown what it could be. | Brown didn't know, but suggested that it j might be caused bv the dead letters. i " A friend, having met Sheridan, asked him j how he fared ? " Oh," answered Sheridan, j " I have turned over a new leaf, and now go on like clockwork." "Ay," replied the other, " tick, tick, tick." The latest improvement in stock is a new breed of cats in Vermont which have tails only an inch long. The advantages claimed for such tails are, that they cannot get under a rocking chair, or be stepped upon, and that the door can be closed quicker wben they go out. " According to Milton, Ere kept silence in Eden to hear her husband talk," said a gentleman to a lady friend, and then added in a melancholy tone, " Alas ! there have been no Eves since." Because there have been no husbands worth listening to," was the quick retort. . Jonathan presented himself and his in tended to the minister for the purpose of being married. Having questioned if they had been published, " Oh, I guess so, for I told Uncle Ben, and he told his wife more than a week ago." Two friends were dining together, one of whom remarked. " As I am going abroad, I have made my will, and I have bequeathed to you my whole stock of impudence." The other replied, " you are very generous as well as kind; you have left me by far the largest portion of your estate, A client, whilst bathing at sea, saw his lawyer rise up, after a long dive, at his side. Ho,'there, Mr. , have you taken out u warrant against Burt ?" " He is in quod," replied the agent, and dived again, showing Lis heels as a parting view to his client; nor did the latter hear more of his interview -with the shark until be got his account, containing the entry, " To consultation at sea, anent the incarceration of Burt, 6s. 8d." New York elector to candidate at a contested election: "Did you say you had fout the British and Injuns Y' " Yes, sir." " Did you eay you had slept on the ground, while serving your country, without any kiver ?" " I did." " Did you say your feet kivered the ground you walked over with blood ?" " ¥cs," replied the speaker, exultingly. " Well,'- then," said the sympathetic elector, " I'll guess I'll vote for fother fellow, for I'll be blamed if you ain't done enough for your country," It is curious to notice from time to time how anecdotes crop up to show us how great a punishment the sensation of cold becomes . amongst those who are unable to procure adequate food and clothing. The story runs that a Scotch divine, whilst preaching to his flock in the extreme north of our island, painted the infernal regions as desolated by perpetual ice, and when remonstrated with by a Southerner for his heresy, declared that he did it all for the best, inasmuch as, if he had painted hell as a hot place, every one of his parishioners would have tried to get there. An Irishman, fresh from the Green Isle, was engaged a few months since by a farmer in the Ararat district, hiring -himself as a laborer and generally useful person in all things pertaining to matters agricultural and .domestic; but in consequence of his very original ideas as to the way services of this nature should be rendered, the proprietor of die farm had occasion to speak to him in a manner that was far from flattering to his selflove. During the harvest time just past, he \- was'entrusted with some errand of more than -.;«£nalimportance, which lie mulled with more \- ••than - usual carefulness^ and on returning to | .describe -.the circumstance, his master, after losing.all control over his temper, informed turn that lie was a "mufii" a "sujee," a ^ counterfeit," and gave him many other ele- " --^gant; appellations. in Which the colonial verjnacular is so peculiarly rich. At length lie "l^fl^ in liigh disgUEt, that he was nothing '»#i«rdbdontinani" ''There's where yer; v/fvisaid f Patj- losing * his temper at the i,5pxpression, ;wbich he dimly "understood;; 'j^not a wooden man, but a Corkanat to •bone, lan'be'jaoers if it goes ft that, j/e'jpairpay me'jne wsgesand let jne go " -i-fif- 