TURFIAHA. Br OEAA'GE BLOSSOM. Hie suspicious drcumcUaoea connected with the race for tb» Queen'* Plate «t Band wick being of to extraordinary a nature, necessitated the strict investigation which the matte? re ceived at the bands of the rating spirit* of the turf of Ken Sonth Wales. After hearing a considerable amount of evidence- some: of-it of a nther conflicting nature-the geotl#mlPtv who sat as adjudicators opon the case unani mously arrived . at the decision that the "?winding" portion of the a&ir; was "not proven"-in my mind a moat sensible verdict indeed, for with the evidence before them it was almost mi impossibility to arrive at any other conclusion. After a careful perusal of the statements of the different witnesses brought forward, I cannot help declaring mv firm eonnctfon that the whole afiair has been Bothuig more nor lees than a mistake, over which a kind of " storm in a teacup" has been raised; and that Ash worth, in chane ®g the saddle cloths in order to make Stanley^ the exact weight, accidentally M"80D^hu1^ «d. "thereby hangi c u.^l 5 *cca8fttions made against Roberts were of the most trumpery nature, and certainly ought not to be considered as posaesnng the slightest tinge of truth. It is probable, if Ash worth did accidentally lose a portiQn of The Barb's weight, that fioberta witnessed the circumstance, and not bdoe over anxious that his relative's honeabouldbe beaten, mentioned it not; but even this hyno Jeais u doubtful, for although we have c£ T ««rtion that Joseph Carter wormed him that Eoberts was aware of The Barb s wiaght bemg deficient, we also have, on the other hand, Carter's word that Roberta neTer mentioned theafiairtohim atall. Which of these two is to be believed? Carter I have taown for some time, and I believe him to «***« fmoet hone"t» rtraighfcforward, hfU"1? i. 1,04 bis statement . 5®*. made so great a blunder? it u jurt possible that he may have mistaken somebody ebe for Carter; and r !£''t- qu,fe cat*ia ****? the telegram sent T}ctoran J1**6/ was « not for Joseph." With reference to the boy's remarks to Mr. Tait anent what Eoberts bad eaid to him re garding the race, it is a notorious £act that whenever anything occurs to mar the harmony J meeting, there is almost invariably the ' inevitable boy," who has said his ear concerning the affiur, and when required to give evidence either flatly contradicts his former assertion, or is not to be found at the prectas moment he is wanted. If these boys be ^siened to, there will be no end to tie M^rpip. and heart-burnings between the Vegabve public and owners of horses. instituting an action against * *iew to clear faucja. «°® ?bfi imputation. made by certain P?***- This will, doubtless, hare die effect « Bnngiflg more fully to light the whole affiur, and I venJy believe that it will turn oat as I «^vm*kc<ed' 7f-. Aahworth, overjoyed with the mccewof his master's stable during the meeting, had taken a "lee tie" moreth^S, ofiual quantity -of O'Brien's beet Hbbart Town beer, and,, for once in his life, made a mis &tbmh; endowed with more than wereee careful qualities, it is quite possible Zl/lue°TPa,mtaiing a trainer the re Motniag Herald to be seited with a fit <* virtuww indignation, and that journal * philippic against the turf apd its belongings, ft must be a matter "f <WJOth« Hercules in tpe field ready to <clesnee thp Augean Wd. eager to make a 5t& adminirtration of the JSS toT ^ mh*am «««h DiMMil alilu of.tbe totals vf U impoarihla.fci if the ^ ^.pHINWj «ome . , -.^Itacr; " .Ijon which animate* poW IDownsar alUVeinnarket most flnd'*&[ ;johMl?fc i .M *!»» mliSg MJtboptie* brfreitakei ,.! rtep w the rigktdirotion fcfcpteveot&t; }efafe (j^»d«i«^ o( 4l»iw^^)«iid bpnoured msiabwoft^jSnbwc^tipa bwbwi plPQkWMtftE. the existing state of the betting laws of Vic toria deaerre the tbanb of all right*minded men, and I cannot but cordially recognise the action taken by the committee in matters appertaining to the betting world. There are many interested individuals who will view the conduct of the committee with dissatisfaction, and deprecate it as an interference with the privilege# of the ring; but I would urge upon these worthies that it1 ia not bookmakers alone who hare to be studied. The institution itself, and the public who support it, are entitled to fiar greater respect and consideration than the questionable characters who prowl upon the unsuspecting " pigeons " amongst us; and it is evident the t committee of the Subscription Betting-room are of the same turn of mind. At all events,1 recent events point to such a supposition; and I cannot help thinking that the prompt action taken will tend more towards the amelioration of theturf than ell that has been said by the Sydney Herald. It is not by such headlong precipitancy j as is urged by the Sydney *' big gun " that the tuTf will be a gainer; nor wiU the sweeping 1 denunciations of men totally unfit to judge of racing matters have much effect j but it is by a gradual reform-by calling attention to the petty speculations and the unblushing effrontery of these pests of society, whose sole object is plunder, and whose thieving attributes .nd clever management of certain nags have brought the turf into such disrepute. | Whatever may he the opinion of the New j South Wales people respecting the handicap for the Great Metropolitan, I bare no hesita tion in pronouncing it one of the worst ever published. In my humble opinion, there are not more than eight horses with the ghost of a chance, because the top weights are let in upon such advantageous terms that the duffers cannot hope to have a show alongside of them. Ffency the Whiffier and The Barb at 9it. 101b. each, and poor old Snip with 7it 61b. Tim Whiffier, who with lOst. lib. up made such a show of some of our Victorian flyers on the Duke's Day, carries lees than his weight-for-age, and with 9st. 10lb. on his back must indeed prove dangerous. Glencoe, too, is leniently treated, considering his late per formances; nor has Fireworks much to grumble of. But what has Raepicker done that she should concede 41b. to Kaiser, a colt that has beaten her upon every occasion of their meet ing.' Orlando, apparently, has not suffered materially for his dead heat with Tim; and upon paper Mr. Town has as good a prospect as either Mr. De Mestre or Mr. Tait. In fact, in my estimation, the only horses capable of holding their own against the above-named gentlemen's lots are Oulnsre, Phoebe, Kaiser, and perhaps Fenella and Kingfisher. The bandicappers, it is probable, hare committed the very error so often pointed ont by the contributors to the sporting press-com mencing with too low a standard. It is useless for racing men to throw their money away in nominating their moderate horses, if cracks of Tim Whiffler*s description are allowed to hare all the best of the bargain; and there can be no denying the fact that the chief public per formera engaged in the Metropolitan are so liberally treated that nags of the Snip kind have no chance whatever of doing a " good thing" for their possessors. 