TORRE'S PENINSULA. The Wallaroo Mine, like all prosperous institutions, has its satellites. Some of these hare at times aspired to independence, but at present they are under a cloud. Two of them have been absorbed into their central sun, ahd the other two retain but a faint reflection of their former glory. Stnct topographical accuracy would have required us to commence at the New Cornwall, the northern outpost of Wallaroo, bat by starting from the centre we avoid the necessity of repetition. All the subordinate lodes in the neighbourhood of Wallaroo can be very briefly described by indicating their relations to the main lode. As one of the earliest successors of Captain Hughes' discovery, we shall commence with the NEW CORNWALL. Its site is marked by a new engine-house and stack of respectable dimensions, which appear to the left of the mail road about a mile before you enter Kadina. That hand, some show of masonry has with its contents cost the owners more than £12,000, which again is but a small fraction of what has been invested in the mine. The, original Company was formed about seven years ago, and ita greatest achievement was the five-ton block of ore it sent to the International Exhibition of 1862. Its enterprise and per* severance were more creditable to it than remunerative. Within two years it had opened two ' main lodes, sunk several shafts on each of them, -. connected them by a crosscut, raised- many thousand tons of ore, erected' substantial buildings , and expensive machinery, and excited themselves into great expectations, which were not to be realized. ' The deep sinkings produced a ereat deal more water. and less ore than the sanguine shareholders had anticipated. Accidents to machinery and unproductive experiments in smelting increased the . working . expenses on . the surface in almost as large a ratio as they increased underground. With the New Cornwall calls have been like the horse-leech, and the dividends like hope deferred. The end of this seven years' struggle for existence is that the mine can just be worked from hand to mouth.?. All its liberal appliances for forking the . shafts , and dressing . ores ean only maintain it at the selfsup porting point. . . ; Nevertheless, miners , still assert that the New Cornwall has a future before it It will be a deep sinking mine, and ' if the proprietors - have capital and patience to make it that, they may yet 'be rewarded for their perseverance.' The three parallel lodes that have been struck .are manifestly' converging, and though they. T-ow»lw n&v; fn wnrlr RPTLaratplv flip rmifc«1 Lode is, according to Cornish logic, bound to be rich and. productive. In other words ' the New Cornwall still is, as it has always been; a first-rate mine inprospectu; - ? '-.:.?: . :; At the date of oar visit the engine-shaft on Sismey'8 lode was down to 51 fathoms,- with levels at 20, 34, and 47 fathoms. This is tlie most southerly of the three ledes that have yet been worked ; the principal one, Lucas's, being in the middle, and the newest, which is but slightly developed, on the north aide. They all ran like the Wallaroo lodes, north-east and south-west. Lucas's has an underlay towards the south-west, and has been intersected by various cross-drives from Sismey's.1 At the 34-fathom level there was an interval of about 15 fathoms between the lodes. At 47 fathoms it had diminished to 9 fathoms, and at the present depth of the engine-shaft it ib only about thirty feet. So far as these two are concerned, the prospect of a junction has been practically decided. At the 47-fathom level Sismey'8 lode, which had hitherto been descending vertically, showed an underlay northward toward Luc&i;'s. This, if it continues, must hasten the junction, and Captain East is sanguine of finding it within the seventy fathoms. O» gwMy'q thflrc U a aecoutJ, shaft itiU being sunk, though not rapidly, as it is^rj^' down to t|e20-fathom. All the other's are whip-shafts, which have been suspended stf iofcthomt.' ?'?'? lr: .* : /''-;. V^' *?- The operations of the present jear have been limited to the two shafts on Sismey'H lode. The -ores raised there indicate the general appearance of the mine, and its corre spondence with the Wallaroo lodes. Down to 20 fathoms the prevailing ore has been what is generally called green carbonate, though Captain East considers it to belong rather to the muriate class. At Wallaroo, however, the carbonates are pore; those of the New Cornwall being more allied to the Eapundt ores. From, the 20 fathom to the 47 fathom' black and grey ores occur in bunches. At the latter depth the invariable basis of yellow sulphuret has began to show itself. The average rate of production daring the year has been from seven to eight tons per month, and the number of hands employed about fifty. Last week this number had dwindled down to four tributers and & few surface-men ; the others having left for the Wandilta or Paramatta. The mine was, in fact, doing barely enough to make it worth while to keep the engine going, and Captain East, who works it on a royalty, was apprehensive of an immediate stoppage. . Such; a fact is proof positive of the increased activity in other districts of the Peninsula, and of the opening now afforded for mining labour. At last survey-day, not more than a fortnight ago, when a dozen or more tributes should have been set in the New Cornwall, only one was applied for. i What the stoppage of such a mine involves may be inferred from the amount of dead capital invested in all this machinery crowded round the engine-shaft. There is the 80 inch cylinder engine which cost fully twelve thousand pounds before it performed a stroke. On the east side of it is a large and well-fitted dressing-floor, with a set of eight jiggers driven by water-power. It is almost cruel to allude to that unfortunate piece of machinery— the old engine. In its history' accidents seemed; to tread upon each other's heels, until at Jengththe explosion of one of the bpikrs set sthe,' minds of the share holders at restij They have ,done nothing t^ it since— not evefcrepaired the _ roof of the pnenne. house ?whicli.'waa. tjartiallv blown off by one of the violent storms of last winter. The burst boilec^and scattered brickwork lying round the base '''of '-. the new engine house make it look like a pha-nix arisen from the ashes of 1864. !,, ' , -?.' .-.,*;.'. ... A quarter of a mile away, in a corner of the section,, is another melancholy relic of bygone days-'-the smelting furnace on the Eodda principle. It was erected four years ago, on the understanding that no flux wa3 to be needed, ? and that the cost of smelting was to be merely nominal — a pound per ton on non-sulphurous ores. Neither expectation appears to have been realized, and the consequent failure is now attributed to the absence of yellow ores— the very kind which had been originally eschewed. The Company have since adopted a contrary policy, and instead of trying to smelt without flux they sell their carbonates for a flux to the sulphurets of Moonta and Wallaroo. In the deep sinkings, however, all these distinctions between the various mines will gradually cease. Who knows but the diversities of luck may cease also? In justice to such persevering and liberal adventurers as the New Cornwall Company they ought to. It has been stated that the New Cornwall is a northern satellite of Wallaroo. On the jame side, but towards the west end of the Wallaroo lode, is another satellite, which still better deserves the name, having re cently come into possession of the Wallaroo Company. This is the Waxdilta. Captain Dunstan has had a party at work here for six or seven weeks preparing the old shaft for another triaL Slow progress has been made, owing to the necessity of reno vating all the surface workings andretim bering the shaft. The forking had also been a very tedious operation ; but, at the time of our visit, most of these preliminary obstacles had been overcome, and an imme diate resumption of sinking was expected. The Wandilta, it will be remembered, is a continuation of one of the New Cornwall lodes, and in the opinion of many miners it is an improvement on the original. The decision of that point most be left to the future and Captain Dunstan. Quitting the Wandilta, you can steer straight across the Wallaroo Mine to its southern satellites— the Kurilla, Duryea, and New Devon, which have recently been united under one proprietary. i ; :?; The Kurilla. / The Kurilla section was originally taken up by the Bon Accord Company, who, no doubt, hoped to compensate themselves for the loss of a Burra in the scramble for Moontas. In due time they struck a parallel lode to the Wallaroo, which at 25 fathoms spread out into seven feet wide, and produced some tons of 25 per cent, ore.; A better lode was, however, struck in England, when, with' the assistance of English capi talists, the Bon Accord resolved itself into the Yorke's Peninsula M»™ng Company. The same comnanv bought up the New Devon and Duryea claims ; consequently the Kurilla may be distinguished by the name of m independent group. . It comprises, alto gether, half-a-dozen sections, of which four — two Kurillas and two New Devons — face toward Jthe.Wallaroo Mine. The Duryea lies behind the principal Kurilla section at the east end of the series, and the sixth is another Kurilla, situated at the west end. The Kurilla lodes run east, and west, with an underlay northward. The principal shaft at. present in work. is Hall's Engine Shaft, about half a mile south, from the Wallaroo lode. It is down a few fathoms below the 35, with levels at 15, 25, and 35 fathoms, all of which are being driven eastward. On reaching the 35-fathom ainkingwas suspended for a time, in order to open the back of the level, with a viqw to discover the main part of the lode. This has been successfully accomplished, and the lode shows a width, of 2i feet Its yield is estimated at a ton and a half of 20 per cent, ore per fathom. There are now four men stoping at this part of the mine, and four in the eastward drive. About the same place a junction has been discovered, which must turn out either to be a branch lode or .the New Devon coming from the westward. Two men have been told off to drive it, so the value of the discovery will by-and- by be tested. The shaft will be oontinned as soon as possible to the 45-fathom, and the ores taken out of it give in their steadily improving quality every inducement to pro ceed with vigour. In the upper workings there is not much activity. Winzes have been holed from the 15 to the 25 fathom, and from the 25 to the 35 fathom. In the latter the lode was four feet wide, and yielded two tons per fathom, but of poorer quality than in the lower workings— not exceeding 15 per cent, on an average. Two tributers are now making good wages at the back of the lode on the 25-fathom level. The total number em ployed underground is about a dozen, which, with six surfacemen, make eighteen in all. The mine is, in fact, only coming into opera tion again, after fully a year's suspension. It was resumed in January last under the super intondenoe of Captaia Anthony, Ute of % Yudanamutana — a man who. has rende&cf;* important services to the miujpg interests of tha 'colony not only as a diner, but as a ?melter. It is omy-;rec62Uy|that he was authorized to prosecute the discoveries above alloded to, and, if not hindered by the scarcil^of labour, he ma^ be able to give a much better account of the mine than ever theYrirke's Peninsula Company have re ceived before. Every month he contrives to increase his supply of ore and to improve its quality. In July last he sent away about 16 tons, in August about 30 tons, and in the second week of September he had folly 20 tons on the floor. It has averaged about 18 per cent, all round, though some heaps shown to us as the latest raising from the shaft must have run con siderably higher. The stratification in the Kurilla has been throughout similar to that of its neighbours, beginning with green ores, next changing to black and grey oxides, and then settling down into yellow sulphorets. Thb Dukyea.' Outwardly the Duryea is still one of the smartest looking places on the Peninsula, It has the largest heap of 'deads' round the month of the shaft. Its engine-house is the neatest within sight, and its low pressure engine is one of the best ever imported. The furnaces are still full of ashes, as if they had gone out only yesterday. The sur rounding cottages are still tenanted with people who bustle about as if they were to resume work in course of the afternoon. The whip is still standing, with most of the gear attached to it, as if the bucket had been taken off for some trifling repairs. Nevertheless, the Duryea is abandoned-!-' knocked' as Cornishmen Bay, and its corpse is, we observe, valued by its present owners at the low price of eleven hundred pounds odd. If road metal ever comes to be worth twenty pounds a ton— which is not improbable if the Central Road Board be spared in its career of usefulness — the Duryea may yet realize its destiny. At present it is a victim to the absurd prejudices of smelters against mnndic. Returning in an easterly direction towards the New, Cornwall, we pass the '???..?; » ?? Matta, ? whose position has already been fixed in relation to the Wallaroo Mine. Ere long it may be still more closely identified with that property— absorbed in fact. From a mine it will degenerate into a shaft, and all the workings on the old Wallaroo lode will be united under tho original Company. Tho Matta lode, so far as it can be distinguished fronfEhe ojther, runs E.S.E. and W.S. W. The old proprietors sunk two shafts upon it and struck it at Id fathoms. Between that level and the 20-fatHdms they obtained nearly twenty thousand pounds worth of ore— green carbonates and red oxides largely mixed with malleable copper. The splendid prospect which this opened up was damped— literally and metaphorically— by the influx of water in the lower workings. One shaft was sunk to 40 fathoms, but at a ruinous expense in keeping it in fork. That was the lowest level reached, we believe, when the mine was finally abandoned. Its resumption and that of Stirling's shaft to the westward is only a question of pumping machinery., A shaft which has produced richer ore than any other out of the Moouta— it has been esti mated by a good authority at 18 per cent, all round — would be a very costly drainage well. Its new proprietor can have no inten tion of leaving it long to that ignoble use. Victoria Thkatbe.— On Saturday n'ptht there ras a good audience at the Victoria Theatre to witness the appearance of the extremely juvenile ictress who is now before the public in the :haracter of Felix O'Callaghan. and it certainly ras a remarkable performance for a little girl. Che brogue, the gesture;, the expressions of the features, were all excellent, and there was not a bit of that mechanical element iu them which some crown up actors are bo much troubed witfi. [t is seldom, in fact, that such a racy represen tation of the character is seen on tlie local stage, and the more one sees of this youthful star— ' The more the wouder grows How one small head can carry all she knows.' Of course there is a great disadvantage in having to Bee so small a child performing with grown-up persons. But in spite of this no one can resist the fact that the acting is unusually good and natural. After the first piece there was an amusing comic song by Mr. J. Small, and then came the burlesque extravaganza of 'Codadad,' in which there was some more clever acting by the ' little prodigy,' besides some amusing demonstrations by the rest of the company. The closing tableau, too, was gorgeous, and gave great delight to the juvenile spectators. To-uight the same bill of fare will be offered. IUfle Match.— The conquering match between the No. 1 Battery of Artillery and the No. 1 Company of Infantry (West Adelaide), came off at the Butts on Saturday afternoon, September 12. The weather was favourable for the contest although rather windy, and soine very good score* were made on either side, the Artillery winning the match by a trifling majority of points. The highest scores were, for the successful patty, Sergeant White 90 with one miss; and on the other side79 with two misses, by Private O. Hicks; and some first-rate totals at 200, 309, and 400 yards were made. The firine, as usual, was with the Enfiekl in the'Hythe position, and the scoring was as follows:— No. 1 Battery. Yds. 200 300 400 C00 Ttl Lt-ColMathews 0223333 0004030 3233013 ZJUO000 4f Capt.Glaxton... m».'3 XM4O2 312544* 4023330 78 Lieut. Fiveash. *12H22 30220M 2.UtH3 3222002 -fl SerstL&WTence; 3244313 233230:! 3443334 3000222 72 White ? 4433314 2333324 4334143 0423413 90 CorppralMoody 2233234 -i33--334 243,0(4 2034023 C4 GunnerStibbles 3213443 3224131 3343444 3332023 MS Average per man, 71? points. 499 No. 1 Company Capt Scott ... 2242242 3234:521 2233322 3223433 76 G. Hicks ... 4243423 23£i243 01:13343 4:120432 79 W. Blinman. 3313314 :CKXW20 4333032 2203303 (O \- J.. Hicks ... 4323ii2 3432433 2223324 0202404 71 ' W. A. Bead.. 3331324 2202203 22343M 3222122 71 M. Leonard.. 3U30313 0024422 3430340 02JU033 52 Average per man, 69? points. 4S6 Majority for the Artillery, 13. . Port Sdbdbban Cbiokkt Uldb.— A meetings the above Club was held at Alberton on Wednesday evening, the 9th inat.; Mr. F. B. Burton in the chair. The balance- sheet of the hut season having been disposed of, the election of officers and Com mittee for the forthcoming one was proceeded with, and resulted in the following gentlemen being appointed':— Captain, F. E. Burton (re-elected); Treasurer, O. L. Anthony; Secretary, (J. L. Oar diner (re-elected); Committee, Messrs. Adams, Brock, Formby, and Eingwood; the officers to be members of the Coaunlttee ex oMcio: ' 1 he1 election of some new member*1 and the fixing of Club practice brought the business of the meeting to a close. . Aquatics.— It will be gratifying to aquatic men to learn that steps are in active progress to fur nish the Pott with a rowing club and form an establishment near the Port Bridge which will afford every requirement for the comfort and con venience of jts,patrona. The site chosen ia the bank of the river on the southern side of the bridge, where Mr. Bricknall has in course of elec tion a Urge - boat-house with apartmen'.s ad joining, and a building at the tide intended for a hostelry. At present the structure U of iron and timber ; but should the undertaking prove a bucccs?, stone will be sub atitu'tsd. The proximity of the spot to a fine sheet of water is much in its favour. There are thirty boats of all descriptions which were ready to have been launched in the Torrens if the Dam hod been completed; but that work having fallen through, the proprietors have resolved on removing the lot to the Port and starting a Club. The first step in this direction will be taken in the way of applying to the Bench of Magistrates for a licence for the house attached. Ujj?bovoj{EJ) Assault.— On Saturday evening, at about 8 o'clock, Mr. Charles Watts, a clerk in Mesin. Hart it Co.'s store, was assaulted by a man in Strangways-terrace, North Adelaide. There was no attempt at robbery, but the offender bolted as suddenly as he had appeared. It is possible to have been a case of mistaken identity. OYSTER CULTURE.— The starting of the Young St. George on an expedition amongit the molluBca has raised at the Port the question of legislation on this subject. It is a well-known fact that the oyster beds in St. Vincent's Gulf have been en tirely destroyed by being fi6hed over at unseason able periods. The eastern coast of Yorke'a Penin sula a few years back furnished thousands on thousands of oysters to our market; indeed, it was almost the only place at one time drawn on for upplics. The oystennen had no rules or laws to guide them, and in consequence they dredged away month after month till the stock became destroyed, The Ked Cliffa may again become re munerative ground for the cutters; but at present they are cruising in the next gulf, and it is cer tainly time some membst ahoukl enquire into the matter. tfhp Richard and Lady MAODONmu-In inswV to enquiries, we are glad to be able to state hat letters lately received from Hongkong repre wnt Sir Richard and Lady Macdonnell as being in sxcellent health, the latter having endured the dimatc perfectly well by the help of a short visit to Japan and another to China. We believe that it the end of his period of Govemorslup at Hong. Icong Sir Richard will be entitled to his pension. Buphemk Court.— There was a formal sitting of the Supreme Court on Saturday, the 12th instant, to dispose of the appeal in the case of llundell v. the South Australian Insurance Company, Limited. Mr. Bagot, on behalf of the defendants, read a certificate of the Master that all conditions relative to security, &c.; had been complied with, and moved that the appeal by the defendants from the judgment of the Supreme Court to their Lord ships the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council be allowed. Mr. Brook, on behalf of the plaintiff, consented, and the order wm made. The appeal will be transmitted by the outgoing mall, ahau expected to be heard about December next Equitt CooaT.-The Primary Judge will sit to hear motions in Equity matters this morning at the UBual hour. '--? Adelaide Police Codbt.— On Saturday. Sep tember 12, two boys were ordered U pay fines and costs. £2 7s. 6d. each, for wilful damage to a public building, and submitted to a short imprisonment by the Police Magistrate in default of payment. There was only one case of drunkenness, in which the lowest penalty was inflicted. To-day's Pouob Co0BT.-In consequence of the sitting of the Bench of Magistrates in tho Police Court this day, the Court will be opened for the police cases at 10 o'clock in the morning, instead of the usual hour of 11 o'clock. Miutaby BAND.-It will be remembered that at several military funerals the services of the Volunteer Regimental Band have been obtained. We understand that now, however, on these and other occasions this course will be unnecessary, the officers of the detachment stationed hero having among themselves purchased the instru ments for a fife and drum band, andpresei^eu them to the Company. This not being the head quarters of the regiment, but simply a depot, the officers could not obtain under the regulations a band, but having arranged to supply tho wanton voluntary principles they deserve praise. Practico has already commenced, and we trust that at times the volunteer and military instrumental bands may discourse sweet music together, as well at separately, for the enjoymeut of the public when suitable opportunities present themselves. Mount Baukkb Branch Bible Society and Mr. Whitwo's SBOBBTABIAT.-From the brief report of the Mount Baiker Bible Society meeting, furnished by our local correspondent, it will be seen that after discussion, and the London let$§f having been read, recognising the branch ua. a distinct auxiliary, it was decided still to remain tuTa branch. The meeting passed a resolution that the branch had no sympathy with the late action of tho Arfpifiirifl fVimmitt/ift in Mi» WtttHnn'a n«t-A SuFPLYma Natives with Intoxicating Drink.— On Wednesday, September 9, Bamucl Dalzicl, of Currency Creek, wm convicted on two :harges of supplying an aboriginal with lluuor. In the first case he was fined £10, and in the second £1 and costs; but failing payment of these lines, he was committed to the Adelaide Gaol for Lhree months. Titt Udouks Vkntubk,— At ,a-n»eeting of tho promoters of this venture, held on' Thursday last, it was resolved to form the same into a' Compjifly represented by 7,200 shares. The propCrty^lH known as Hill's sections, and is situated next to the Almanda claims. During the last few weika tlnce or four men have been at work, and have succeeded in cutting a well-defined lodo, from which samples have been assayed by Messrs. James and Thomas, with results of ID, 18, and. 43 oz4. of silver to tlie ton. The promoters arc Woll pleased with the prospectB of their cluimj and feel very sanguine of success. Fire at Sthatiialbtn.— An Inquest was held ou the 10th instant, before Dr. Herbert, J.P., to Inquire into the origin of a fire which occurred on the morning of the 6th, In some outbuildings occupied by Mr. A. H. Moaf. near Strathalbyn. Mr. Thomas Kvana having been chosen foreman the scene of the catastrophe was inspected, aud from the evidence adduced the Jury arrived at tho conclusion tlint the bui'ding was set on. fire, but there was not sufficient evidence to show by whom. —Southern Argus. '.--. r. ^ ' |'' Tub Southern Cnots.— We arcglddtbuy^tho cereal crops in this neighbourhood and the South are looking extremely promising, witli the exccj-i tion of here and there the presence of takealliii small patches, but this at present is of a very limited extent, we are glad to say. Farmers are beginning to speak hopefully of their prospects, aud altogether we think their grounds of encou ragement well based, so far as present appearances urarrant.— Southern Argus, , .. , al 'The Kino Geohob's Sound Observer.'— This is the title of a diminutive paper we have had by us a few days. The size is equal to four pnges of the Comet. It is published at Albany, price sixpence. According to tlie opening notice this is intended to lx- issued on or about the 14th and 27th of each month. There is probably room fur u paper nt the magnificent harbour of PrinccsB iioyal, the calling station for tho P. & O, Com* pany'a Btenuiers, and if so this aspirant- albeit we cannot compliment its get-up and printing— will have a useful position in preventing Albany from being entirely overshadowed by the wings of 'the Swan.' The first number contains the prospectus of a flour-mill for Albany, together with a defence of the anchorage against an assault made upon its character by the Melbourno Arput. Cutstal UitooK.— A correspondent, writing ou the 7th September, says: -The weather here has been very changeable the last few days. On Sun day we were visited by a heavy equatl, but as yet I hare not heard of' any damage done. The grass is very backward for this season of the year, We require more rain, Shearing commenced here on August 26, and it progressing satisfactorily. Never before has Crystal Brook possessed such an unrivalled lot of shearers. The present number is 55, nearly all first-class men. It is surprising to see with what rapidity the wool flies before the shears, quite astonishing to toilers. We have established ft Debating Cjuli, and I am happy to sav it has sue* ceeded admirably, It would be well if the system of Debating Clubs were more general in the .North, us there they would no doubt operate successfully on many young men who have no advantage, of improving themselves otherwise, and these would make them more suitable for refined aoctaty, Yoltjntkeb KKDTAPE.-The Southern Argiu of September 12 writes:— 'An instance ot the rod tapeism of the Government departments came to oar knowledge the other day. It appears that about a month ago a horse belonging to one of (he troopers of B Troop of Cavalry received some injuries while ou parade, and the Veterinary burgeon of that troop, who. was present, was requested to attend to the animal, but he said he could do nothing unless he got special orders from Colonel Biggs. Accordingly inforinnti--u was con* veyed to the Staff Office, and on Saturday list, nearly :a month afterwards, an order war sent for the Veterinary Surpeon to attend the hone. Thus, while the rtaff officer was thinking about giving an order of the kind, a trooper's hone might die from injuries received on parade, notwithstanding the Veterinary Surireon was on the around— fnf wlmt use we can scarcely imagine.' Jupiter Cbeek.— The Southern Argui of Satur day. September 12, says:— 'That very infectious disease the gold fever has shown some 'veiy alarming symptoms in the Southern townships during the past week or two, and number* ot its victims may be seen starting off with bag and baggage for Jupiter Creek. The tradesmen are beginning to have serious apprehensions of this migration, and in one or two instances they have followed the example of their Customers, and have gone off to seek a fortune at the South Australian Eldorado, leaving their wives to attend to the business in the meantime. The gold fever basso strongly attacked Port Elliot that at the mcetirtg of the Southern Agricultural Association, held on Wednesday evening, all that was done was to call a meeting of the Committee to make final arrange ments for a ploughing match. The show will not be attempted under the present circumstances.' Balis of Land in the Sooth-East.— The subjoined memorial from the Mount Gambler Farmers' Club will shortly be presented to Parliament:— ' 'To the Honourable the House of Assembly of the Province of South Australia, in Parliament assembled. ([ 'The petition of the undersigned, mcmWvpf the Mount Gambicr Farmer*' Club, Jiimbly showeth— 'That it will be prejudicial to the interest! of this district and the colony at law to continue the sale of land in this district until after the passing of a new and more liberal I /nnd Act. ' That at present the lands will fall into thu hands of the capitalist, squatter, and speculator, to the exclusion of the bona (Me settler. 'That jour petitioners nreof opinion a railway will not pay until after the land ia settled with population; and that prior to making any lines there should be a new Lam] Bill to facilitate settle ment on the remaining Crown lumU. 'That in their opinion the laud advertised for sals on the Mosquito Creek, Hundred of Joanna, should be withdrawn so as to be kept in reserve Jar settlement. ? ? 'And your petitioners would further draw the attention of your honourable House to the fact that sales of lund in this diiitricL which were resolved to be held at Mount Uambiet, have been discontinued without the sanction of your honour able House, aud are now held in Adelaide; and we would further urge that the land sales bp held at Mount (Jatnbier, as formerly agreed. 'And your petitioners would further urge that by your honourable Huusp acceding to the wishes herein contained a numerous ami prosperous popu, lation would certainly settle iu tho South East, to the boneflt of the colony at larce. ' And your petitioners, as in duty bound, will ever pray. 'Kipnedon behalf of the Mount Gambler Fat* men? Club, 'Joseph 8mith, President.' Viotobian Railways.— An Important report from the Kngineer-in-Chief on the extension of railways in Victoria has been published among the Parliamentary Papers. Mr. Higinbotham states that there is only one line-namely, the Melbourne and Upper Murray line— of which it may with con fiflence be stated that, on bcin^r opened throughout, it will pay, after all working expenses have been provided for, the whole of the interest of the money that will l-e required for its construction. In the case of the Western line, further surveys that will probably occupy at least twelve monthfc must be made before any conclusion as to the best route for this line can be arrived at. The Upper Murray line could be opened in two years after the money was borrowed. The best route is by way o( Essendon, Kilmore, and the main Sydney road BelvQir.-fferafcl, , -; 2J?m Ehoaoeaest Between thi Boats op i SltS. GHAIUEKQEB AND THE NATIVES.— By the arrival of the schooner Gem, Captain Norclifl; from, the South Sea Islands, we have news of an engagement in the Beira River, Fij', between the natives and the boata' crews of H. Jl.S. Challenger. On the arrival of that vessel at Hewa the launch and- two other boat3 were got out with guns, in charge of Captain Browning ; the British Consul also beinj; present, they proceeded up the Eewa River with orders froin Commodore Lambert to shell the towns; but the weather being so wet this could not effected without landing. A sh.Ml wa3 thrown into a native council house, which burst just after they had got clear. The natives offered resistance, and an engagement ensued. The crews landed, and burnt the towns. Mr. Creelman, a settler, was shot through the neck during the engagement, but was recovering. In.cominsz down the river the launch got on shore, and at that time one of the marines wa3 shot, the ball lodging in the lungs. He is not expected to recover. The Challenger left Eewa about August 5 for Xew Hebrides. Commodore Lambert left orders for H.M.S Charvbdis to cruise in the vicinity of the Fijis, under instructions from the British. UonBul. Beveral natives are supposed to hare been killed, but as they fell in the bush it v-ss impossible to as certain the number.— Sydney Empire, September 3. The CeiHKiE is Victoria.— A very interesting report of the condition of the Chinese in Victoria, by the Bev. W. Young, has been laid on the table of both Houses of the Victorian Parliament. Mr. Young says:— 'The report divides itself into four puts. The first part contains statistics of Chineie population, and particulars of then- employment, Ac., and were furnished by the Chinese interpreters, in reply to a long series of questions put to them by me. Much interesting information is contained in these statistics, and some valuable suggestions. The second part contains a professional report on the condition and wants of the Chinese lepers on Ballarat, by Dr. Clendinning, which is a valuable document. The third part contains a translation of a code of rules of a Chinese Association, which I considered might be deemed of importance Sjou, inasmuch as it throws light on some of e social habits of the Chinese. The mode in which the code deals with offenders may possibly suggest to those who are charged with the making of laws for the government of these people a more effectual method of dealing with the numerous Chinese petty larcenies and robberies perpetrated in all directions, and which the mode of punish' ment hitherto adopted for suppressing has been found to be insufficient. The (outth part contains my report on the condition of the Chinese in the colony, together with suggestions as to how that condition may be improved, and those vicious practices and crimes suppressed which are so notoriously prevalent among the Chinese.' Thk Wboso Mas.— An extraordinary case of mistaken identity has come to our knowledge (says the Melbourne Argus). About two months ago a nun was found dead or dying in the verandah of a house in flotham. At the inquest subsequently held upon the body, a number of persons testified to its being that of a man named Uollard, some of the witnesses stating that they bad known the deceased for a considerable period. A verdict of death from sanguineous apoplexy was returned and the friends of the deceased in England were written to, informing them of the event. The day before yesterday the [man Collard appeared in Hotham alive, and in his usual health, after some months' sojourn in the country. The terror of the female members of the household where he pre sented himself was extreme, until he had satisfied them he was real flesh and blood, and not a ghost Ibis seems to have been one of those curious instances of personal resemblance that are some times read about in novels or seen upon the stage, but which are generally regarded as existing ouly in the imag.nations of fertile story- writers, or in genious dramatists. The case was reported to the police yesterday, as it is of some importance for the genuine Collard to establish his identity, inasmuch as he has been in the receipt of an annuity, which of course will have been discontinued on Uie news of his supposed death. Da. Cahe torsed Dentist.— Dr. Carr, the phrenological lecturer and mesmerist, has been lately lecturing at Forbes New South Wales, and on one occasion attempted to draar a tooth from one of his audience, named Inghum. The tooth was broken during the operation, and plaintiff claimed at the Police Court £10 damages for alleged wilful injury, Dr. Carr having stated before the audience that the tooth had been drawn while plaintiff was in his natural slate to punUh him for hid impudence. .Plaintiff examined by the Bench — 1 wad one of a number of volunteers tnat went forward ou the stage to have my tooth extracted, and Dr. Carr broke it off by the gum, and said to the meeting that he had done this to punish me. The Bench— PunUh you! for what? for my impudence. The Bench— Was that the word? It was impudence, or something like it. The Bench-Have you suffered much pain? It is not what I have Buttered, but I ain afraid of what 1 may Miller in the future by having the roots re moved. The Bench— Did you feel any pain at the time? I did. The Bench— Were you mesmerized? 2»o. The Bench— When you sat down to nave your tooth extracted did you expect to feel any pain? I expected to feel some pain. Cross examined bv defendant — W'ern vmi ilninlr nnnn the night that I broke your tooth? No; I cannot say that I was. Defendant— Were you drunk! I had taken a nobbier or two. Defendant— Were you drunk? The Bench— Yes or no.' Yes. De fendant—Did you swear. and smoke your pipe upon the Btage during the interval while I was absent, and aunoy my subjects { I believe I was smoking. Defendant— Have you a distinct recollection of what occurred that night? Yes. Defendant— Do you remember my breaking your tooth? Yea. Defendant— Da you remember swear ing nnrt smoking before the audience during my absence? Yes; I wad not.sweuring at you; it was at the pianist. Defendant— When you sat down to have your tooth drawn, while I was in the act of placing the instrument did you throw your hands up violently aud force mine away! Yes, I did; it was high time, because you hurt me. Defendant Did I give you to understand either that you were mesmerized, or that you would feel no pain? De fendant— Will your W orehip permit me to explain that all the punishment I wished to inflict upon this man was the pain consequent upon tooth extrac tion. 1 extracted other teeth that night upon the stage without pain, while the subjects were in the mesmeric state. This man admits that he knew he would feel pain, that he was perfectly conscious, and that I had given him distinctly to understand that he would feel the pain ; he did not care, he would insist upon having it out. It was not my intention to break the tooth. It was my wish to extract it, but owing to the violent resistance of this drunken man the tooth was broken off by the aveolar process. I consider it no want of skill on my part, wince the most skilful dentist would find it impossible to extract such a tooth under equal re sistance. The Bench retired for about five minutes, and upon coming into Court the Police Magistrate stated that the majority of the Bench were of opinion that it was a case of assault; that if the plaintiff had been guilty of misconduct he should Lave been handed over to the police; that Dr. Carr had no right to take the law into his own hands. Dr, Carr's statement to the audience that he had done thu to punish the plaintiff clearly proved an assault had been committed. Mr. Cropper then said-I dissent from the decision of the Bench, because I consider that no assault has been com mitted, as the plaintiff was aware that he would feel pain; that he was not misled, and that the defendant simply wished him to feel the pain incidental .to tooth, extraction., fined 40s. /Ihe defendant then gave notice to the Bench that he would apply to the Supreme Court for a nrohibition. ? Tbial Trip of a Nkw Rivkr Boat.— The trial- trip of the Duke of Edinburgh, a steamboat recently built for the river trade, took place on Tuesday; September 8, on the .Murray. . The fol lowing gentlemen, who had. been Invited from Adelaide, weTe present: — Captain Dale (Ship wright Surveyor), and Messrs. J. R. Murray (En gineer Surveyor), H. Ringwood (Her Majesty's Customs— to measure the boat), & A. Tarlton. C B, Darton, J. Hill, and J.T.Bee. There were likewise present the owners, Messrs. Tonkin and Fuller, of Svanport and Calling ton; Harslett (over seer of the Hon. J. Morphett's station), May, Stephens. Watts, C Tonkin, A. Tonkin, Millor. Newman, Weideman, B. Fuller. Dunn, Winning, &c; The ceremony was graced with the presence of a large proportion of ladies, amongst whom were Mrs. Tonkin, the Misses Fuller, Mrs. and Miss Harslett, Miss Whitfield, Miss Winning, the Misses Ledger, Miss McLean, &c.; The start was effected at Swanport, better known as Thomson's Crossing. The party embarked on board the steamer at about 9 o'clock, and steam was at once got up, a start being effected at 9.30. The party reached Wellington, a distance of about 20 miles, about 1 o'clock, aud after disem barking they adjourned to a neighbouring hotel, where the health of the spirited and enterpris ing owners of the boat, Messrs. Tonkin & Fuller, was proposed by Mr. Darton in few neat and appro priate remarks. The voyagers left Wellington at 1.30, and arrived at Swanport at 5.30 after a very pleasant and successful trip. The boat was con structed at Swanport under the personal super vision of the proprietors, the launch having been effected a short time ago, as described by us then. Its dimensions are— Length. 75 feet; beam, 11 feet 3 inches; tween decks. 5 feet 3 inches. It is furnished with a pair of five horse-power engines, which, combined, are equal to a single 10 horse power engine. Her ballast draught is 14 inches, and it is estimated that when containing a full cargo of 40 tons her draught will not exceed 24 inches. The engineer surveyor expressed himself very much pleased with the action of the engines, which, he said, he had never seen to work better. The boat is intended for the Darling trade, and will make her first voyage up the river from Mannum. and her draught being so light it is expected she will be able to get up the river when no other boat can. The city party which started for Swanport on Monday evening last returned to town on Wednesday, having thoroughly enjoyed the trip. A gentleman who has kindly supplied us with the forecoipg particulars mentions that the party inspected Edwards's, one of the proposed sites for the new Murray bridge. The impression left upon their minds was that Edwards's was a much better site than Thomson's Crossing, the approaches on each side of the river being easy and the natural advantages for the con struction of a permanent bridge much more favour able. These advantages would be greatly enhances if the road leading to Edwards's were macadamised, as it is intended to be if the bridge is actually thrown across the river at this point. Thk Melbourne Monster Telescope.— The Student and Intellectual Observer says:—' While 1 the Melbourne telescope is regarded in England as 'in many respect3 far more convenient and manageable than any other monster telescope hitherto made,' it is also held to be deficient in some of the later improvements. The writer says the telescope should have had silvered glass mirrors instead of the 'out-of-date metallic re Sectors,' which require a longer tube to ensure the same Ught as that obtained from the glas3 mirrors 'with a shorter tube, and therefore less liability to disturbance by vibration. To Mr. Urubb. the con * itiactor, the highest compliments are given, and , the telescope is admitted to be 'a fine one of its /\dasa/ in proof whereof it is said 'that the light 1 -even of large stars was collected into small, hard. ?'fcnd perfectly circular discs free from ray?, and thouph some diffused light surrounded them, it ZL. Znntl* mcaitric with, the central discs.' The minor ia four feet in diameter, and the planetary . State In 48 M. was revealed as a ring bnght even \--uth4 dazzling ground of the surrounding stars, wnkhwireaahrUliint aj the. Pleiadei wear, in ot^uSijiMtnansnte.'* 