THE LA TS SIR JOHN PEAK PAULA Death has carried off a once notorious char, aeter, the late banker of die Strand, Sir. J.D. Paul, who, having lived for some years in re tirement, died a few days since at St. Alban's, having nearly completed his 66th year. The eldest son nf Sir J. D. Paul, the first baronet of that name, he was bora in October, 1802, and succeeded to his father's title io 1852. Olo comieKi'Um wiui un ujuvi iiuimvc nuu iiau dulent banking-house of Messrs. Strahan, Paul, Bates and Co., his criminal conviction at the Old Bailey for making away with his customers' securities, and his consequent punishment, will ' be fresh iu the memory of most of our readers. The late baronet, who had once served the office of High Sheriff of a southern county, was three times married — first, to one of the Reau clerks, of St. Leonard's, Susses ; secondly, to a Miss Ewens, of Brighton ; and, lastly, to a Miss l'udgen, n-ho survives him. He is suc ceeded in his title by his only son, now Sir Aubrey John Paul, third baronet, who is mar ried to a daughter of Sir John Lister Key. The old seat of the Pauls, Rodborough Manor, near Stroud, Gloucestershire, was purchased some twenty years ago from that family by Earl Kussell, on account of its proximity to the borough which he had formerly represented in Parliament. Thoughts of many other men who, long be fore their last breath was drawn, had died out of the world which knew them, are awakened bv the brief announcement recording the de cease of Sir John Dean Paul. Thirteen years ha«e passed since that memorable afternoon when the shutters were put up for the last time at the great banking establishment of StraUan, Paul, and Bates. Few commercial catastrophes of modern times have created anything like the consternation caused by that bankruptcy. Banks have failed for larger amounts, both befure and since., but probably there never yet was a failure which carried ruin into circles so far removed from the ordinary vicissitudes of commerce. The fashionable world, the aristo cratica.1, the religious, all bad their money lodged in the old established house, which had acquired a reputation such as did not belong to ordinary banks. Peers, dowagers, dignitaries of the Church, and religious societies, formed the distinguished constituency of Sir John Dean Paul, Bart. To have an account in \m bank was a test of genteel respectability — was a proof, to quote Thackeray's dictum, that your name was recorded in the peerage as well as in the Book of Life. Not only was the character of the establishment itselt deemed beyond suspicion, but Sir John's personal repute af forded an additional guarantee for its solvency. He wsis the chairman of benevolent societies, the treasurer of religious organisations, the friend, patron, and counsellor of half the clergy men in the metropolis. So when the bank of the nobles and the divines failed, great was the fall indeed. Widows were left destitute, orphans were thrown helpless on the world, charitable societies were bereft of tbeir funds. Great, too, was the consternation when it was found that the customers of the establishment had not only been exposed to the ordinary perils to which depositors are liable, but that there had been some tampering with the securities entrusted to the firm. Not unreasonably, the indignation of the defrauded public was in creased by the high pretensions which thsir defrauders had made to superior piety and virtue ; and when a criminal prosecution was instituted against the bankrupts, the verdict of society had already condemned them. It was a curious kind of Nemesis, that the one creditor, who proved obdurate to their appeals for mercy, who declined all idea of compromise and who insisted in placing the offenders in the dock, should have been u magnate of the clerical world — of that very world which it had been the special care of tl e firm to con ciliate and attract. The details of the great trial of Strahan, Paul, and Bates can hardly be forgotten. It was proved, by the admission of the prisoners, that, without his sanction or knowledge, they had negotiated securities entrusted to their care by Dr. Griffith. Strong primn facie reason wau adduced to show that all the members of the firm must have been cognisant of the fraud ; and we believe that the opinion of all competent legal authorities has confirmed the view, that the attempt of the partners to avoid the responsibility of their acts by a voluntary confession before the Court of Bankruptcy, was not tenable in law or equity. Yet, now that the excitement of the hour has passed away, we can see. that more excuse might be made for the unhappy men who have perpe trated these frauds than society was disposed to admit at the-timl^ Their failure was not due to culpable personal extravagance, but to embarrassments of long standing, dating from times far beyond the period of their own entrance into the business. It is certain that when they raised money on the securities en trusted to their care they did so in order to tide over temporary difficulties, and under the con viction that they should be able to re-place the abstracted property at a not far distant day. We are not saying that all this constituted any moral, still less any legal, justifi cation for the conduct of these fraudulent trus tees ; but, in some respects, it may mitigate the severity of the judgment which we might other wise pass upon their crime. The juiy would have fallen Bhort of their duty if they had not convicted Sir John Dean Paul and his partners of the offence charged ngalnBt'j*emi ; and yet, on the Other band, it may be thought it was possible to temper ftostioe iwme*h»* with mercy. Considering the peculiar'temptatious to which the prisoners had been exposed, the sacrifices which they personally made to bolster up ibe credit of the concern, and am technical difficulties which, were encountered in the framing of the indictment, the eenftnee pro bounced was cruelly severe. Fourteen yearn transportation wa» the punishment inflicted by Baron Alderton on these men, all of them advanced in yean, all men ot education and euttnre, and all aconstomed to the enjoyment ot wealth and station. Public opinkn, which always in the long, run incjines to mercy, felt, when the excitement tof the udmejtt was over, that the sentence had been strained to the side of severity. One of Uie partners died in penal servMde shortly alter the commencement of the punishment, the other two received Jsfokets of4eavs After some five or six yean of their term had expired, and the wmisslonof their penalty waVgwierally held to have been jastf fieMrHie firenmstthces of the cat*. ' Many -rt to John Pfcul'a T)ld friends and associates belleWdtte ti» Innocence to the tnd ; at all eventaiIti»iy believed that Jus errors hid not few* tt*5wnflt tti adfcerato flwhonerty. If w, thettSMeht ofJuV&aib; at tluahout may »N?iBfla«ar8loqueitt rtenwhto «*-fcTmaerous class inD nave monftly peed -c-itttetidUw ^tui similar fompiatatibnaV gwn.of &£ }$& son nectiDpVof . good inteotkmg, of ^pnaidewble and undoubted intelligence, who have, in the lurenents offered by a fluctuating yet inviting commerce, too often hesitated to 'draw the line ' between, strict integrity and a culpable hazard at the cost of others. To such the memory of tlie convict baronet may speak like a ghost in Dante. But even the severest cen sors of public manners will not be sorry to think that for the last half-dozen years .of his We the sometime philanthropist, ex-banker, and re leased convict, lived peaceably in obscurity. If he sinned grievously he also suffered cruelly ; those who can now read that stern lesson most profitably amid the errore of the living, will also look back with the most charitable thought for the dead ; and even those whom he most wronged may learn with satisfaction that he died neither friendless nor in gaol. — Daily Telegraph. The New Mammoth Steamse.— The Great Eastern has proved a failure ; but she so for de monstrated the correctness of the main concep tion of her architect, that a new ship baa Just been launched, not so large as- the Great East ern, but much larger than any other ship afloat. We have seen a model of what is, proba bly, 'the coming' ship of this age. It is to lY? of the same size as the Great Eastern, except that instead of 28 feet it will draw only 18 feet, and it will carry proportionally less tonnage. It. is designed to carry four times as many passengers as any present style of ship, and to substitute for bunks Christain beds ; it will also give four times the space to a state-room. The present mode of bunking passengers is unworthy of the age. Seasickness, if preventable by construc tion, should be rendered obsolete. This deside ratum is attained in Thomas Silver's coining Bhip ; it is secured by the proportions ot the ship, and by there being thirty feet less of tbe bull out of water than in the Great Eastern ; but the motion is rendered almost imperceptible by a new device. The state rooms, instead of being at the outside limits of the vessel, are. amidships ; that is, along the centre line of the ship, where tbe roll is scarcely perceptible. The saloon is to be five hundred feet long, and clear of obstructions. It is not for dining. Instead of a public table, there are to be two competing restaurants at the extremities adjoin ing the saloon. The ship will sell passage only, the board being payable as, meals are ordered. Itis contemplated to cany second-class passencers and third-class in the same way. The present first-class bunks will be for third-class nerths. A steamship of this construction, carryingtwel ve thousand tons, will cost not more than half the fuel and other expense of running, per ton, of the best ships now afloat. The price oi the first-class passage is estimated at 60 dollars between New York and Milford Haven, or Bristol, England, and the time not exceeding seven days. It may be mentioned, as a peculiarity of this ship, that the driving machinery, coal &c;, aw intended to be where passengers will not see anything of the sailors nor working engineers. The centre of the ship will be entirely for passengers. The engines, &c;, will be in an outer jacket, as it were. Two engines on each side will work each on \U own shaft, driving its owu wheel, without con nection with any other. It may be reserved for California to devise the coming ship, par excel lence, to take rank as a revolutionary invention with StandUh'B steam land dresser, and Robert son's steam railway-maker, both invented by Califojnians.— Panama Star and Herald. ?he leading newspaper proprietors in States are making arrangements for hment of a composing-room and a foundry on board tbe mail steamers ; English news may be despatched the \- vessel arrives in port. Paper Bonnets. — A paper bonnet is men tioned as the latest novelty in millinerdom at San Francisco. The ornament costs but one dollar, and the great advantage it has is said to be that it will keep its fair wearers from catch ing cold, as they will stay at home during bad weather. A Bad Sfhuu— A young lady who teaches music in an academy in Western New York sent an order to a publisher recently, in which she had spelt the words very badly. She apologised by adding a postcript as follows : — ' You must exkews this letter, as I pla bi noat but spel hi ear.' 