News of the Week. HIS EXCELLENCY COLONEL BLACKALL made his first visit to the Brisbane Hospital on the after- noon of Nov. 11. He was received by Dr. Ban- croft, resident surgeon, the Rev. E. Griffith, trea- surer, Mr. R. Bourne, secretary, and the follow- ing members of the committee :—Messrs. R. Macdonnell, Macpherson, Scott, Davis, and Abbott. His Excellency went over the build- ing, and saw the whole of the patients, and in the Visitors' Book, wrote his opinion to the effect that he had been surprised and delighted to find such an institution in Brisbane, that the wards, offices, kitchen, and beds were beauti- fully clean, and that the arrangements generally for the patients were better than in any hospi- tal he had ever visited. There are now forty nine in-door and ninety-six out-door patients, which are about the average numbers that have been there for some time past. The laying on of the Enoggera water has been found to be of the utmost benefit, and there really seems to be scarcely any convenience wanting. Hitherto the institution has not been well found in sur- gical instruments, but a consignment of £250 worth is now coming out, and this department will then be complete. The present committee are indefatigable in their attention to their duties, and it appears very certain that Dr. Bancroft is " the right man in the right place." The bronze medals to be distributed to the successful exhibitors in the Queensland Exhibi- tion of 1866 came to hand by the last mail. The long delay in their arrival is fully compen- sated for by the superior excellence of the work. It is without doubt one of the most beautiful works of art of the kind which has ever come under our notice. Mr. R. G. W. Herbert was authorised by the Queensland Commissioners to procure the medal, and he employed Mr. Wyon, the celebrated medallist of London, and he evi- dently set about the work con amore. Her Majesty was graciously pleased to give Mr. Wyon a sitting for the obverse of the medal, and the result fully bears out the encomiums passed upon it by Mr. Herbert, in the following extract from his letter to the Hon. Colonel O'Con- nell on the subject: " You will have the medal very soon I hope, and a really first-rate thing it is. I think it quite the best portrait of the Queen I have seen ; as a work of die- sinking it will rank with the best of any age." The " certificates of merit" for the exhibitors at the same exhibition are also to hand, and will be distributed in the course of a few days. They consist of a very beautifully- lithographed plate, containing a number of emblematical illustrations, indigenous plants and animals, and several vignettes, one of which is a well executed view of Captain Hope's sugar plantation, at Cleveland, Moreton Bay, and another of Captain Towns' cotton plantation, on the Logan River. The plate is the work of Mr. Ham, of this city, and he de serves every credit for the manner in which he has executed his commission. A shobt time ago two small parcels of gold, containing together about 100 ounces, were for warded by the Joint Stock Bank to the Sydney Mint. The gold had been purchased in small lots from a number of Chinamen at Warwick and Toowoomba. The following reports on the parcels have been received by Mr. Abbott, Manager of the Bank, from the Mint: —" Oc- tober 28.—1 beg to inform you that importa- tion No. 53,158 appeared to consist of ordinary bright, flat, water-worn gold, with average ab- sence of dross; but, after melting, the assay proved to be only four hundred parts out of a thousand of pure gold, the remainder being principally silver. This result was so remark ably inferior to that of any gold received from the samo locality, that it was thought right to preserve the ingot." " November 4.—1 beg to in form you that importation No. 56,813, Queens land gold, received from your bank, appears to be a mixture of artificial gold- dust. Half only wbb melted, by way of experiment, and the re sult confirms this conclusion."- It has long been known that the Chinamen in Victoria are re- markably ingenious in manufacturing artificial gold-dust, so much so, in foct, that the banks in that colony refuse to purchase from any China men who are not personally known to them. Their countrymen in this colony appear to be inclined to try their hands in the same way, and it will be necessary, therefore, for gold buyers to be extremely cautious in their deal ings with the Mongolian race. Oub Sydney correspondent, writing on Tues- day last, says—" Mr. Sutherland, the Minister for Works, was re-elected for Paddington to day without opposition. His speech was, as is usual with him, plain and unpretending, but it was strong and hearty. He told the electors that on the first night of his taking office there was not money enough to pay the men con- nected with the department, and he had to borrow the needful amount for the purpose on his own responsibility." To give an idea (says the Warwick Argus) of the rapid progress of settlement on the eastern portion of the Darling Downs, we may mention that a tract of Crown lands is now being fenced in, the total area of which is understood to be about 74,000 acres. It will be comprised in three large pastoral paddocks, and will, when completed and stocked, employ a permanent force of fully 10 men to look after the stock and the fences. What a contrast is here presented to the fanciful picture of that country " where every rood of ground maintained its man;" what contraries govern us at the antipodes, in stead of a rood of ground, it takes, according to this way of reckoning, 7400 acres on the far famed Darling Downs to graze a man. A cobbespondent sends us (Melbourne Age) the following bit of legal gossip:—"l under stand that the authorities are about to adopt the suggestion of 'An English Barrister,' and intend, during the ensuing Christmas recess, to fix a handsome cheval glass in the front bench of the Supreme Court, for the greater conve- nience of Mr. Fellows when replying to himself. It has been universally observed with regret that this eminent man has within late years con tracted a most unbecoming habit of looking into his own shirt front when addressing the court or jury. Indeed, upon a recent occasion, he was within an ace of dislocating his neck. This, no doubt, is to be attributed to his anxious endeavors to direct a penetrating glance at him self as counsel for the opposite side. This is a movement in the right direction, for not only is it a graceful compliment to one of the most de serving and high-minded of our publio men, but it will also greatly conduce towards the preservation of that professional uprightness which is of such vast importance in a new country." The Age says—" On Friday night, the 30th ultimo, or early on Saturday morning, the premises of Messrs. Ecroyd and Co., in Flinders- lane, adjoining the English, Scottish, and Aus- tralian Chartered Bank, were entered by thieves, and goods to the amount of about £800 removed. It seems that entrance was effected by the pad- lock of the front door being removed and the other lock being opened by a skeleton key. The other doors opened from the inside, so that there was little fear of detection in the persons making their egress. The very pick of the stock was appropriated, the selection having been made with a seemingly judicious hand. The stolen property included hosiery, stays, silks, velvets, and one roll of flannel stuff. A couple of boxes of cigars were also taken, the robbers having smoked several " mild Havannas," while select- ing their goods. At the rear some empty casks were found against the fence, as if they had been used to assist in the departure of the thieves with their cumbersome booty." The Brisbane Grammar School will be com- pleted within a week or ten dajs, but it will not be opened until January 31, 1869, after the Christmas vacation. Mr. Harlin, M.A., at present mathematical master of the Ipswich Grammar School, has been appointed head master ; Mr. D. Cameron, second master; and Mr. F. J. Keogh, head master of the Fortitude Valley National School, assistant master. Arrangements have been made to secure the services of efficient French and German masters. A competent drill and gymnastic in structor will also be engaged. The trustees are also making other arrangements, which, when completed, will enable them to open the school in a first-class manner. Messrs. Cobb and Co. dispatched their first coach to Gympie on Nov. 12. The coach was full of passengers, and carried away a mail from the Post-office. It is due at Gympie on Satur- day (this) afternoon. By our advertising columns it will be seen that the East Moreton Farmers' Association contem- plate having a show—about February, we would suppose. A meeting of the committee is called for Saturday next. A man, named Thomas Bird, was killed by lightning on the 6th November. It appears that the deceased was in the employ of Messrs. William and Peter Barker, who own several punts on the river, and that day the three named were at work on a punt anchored in the river near Breakfast Creek. At about half past 4 o'clock the lightning was very vivid, and Bird, who was at the pump, was recommended by his companions to desist. He did not do so however, and, almost immediately after, a more than usually vivid flash came. It must have struck the three, for the two Barkers say that they were felled to the ground insensible. When they came to their senses, they missed Bird, and saw his hat floating on the water. One of them immediately dived for him, but it was some time before the body was discovered. Life was then totally extinct, and the corpse was quite black. The clothes were torn in several places, and the hat was also rent. The deceased was a civil, much respected man, twenty-three years of age, and leaves a wife and child. A magisterial inquiry was held by Mr. H. H. Massie, on November 10, touching the death of an old colonist, Captain Cooley, who was accidentally drowned in the Brisbane River, by the upsetting of a boat near the Bulimba ferry, on Monday. A verdict of accidental death was returned. As a mark of respect to the deceased, some of the shipping in the river hoisted their flags half-mast high. We regret to have to record another fatal accident on the Brisbane River. The unfortu- nate deceased in this event was a man named David O'Dea, who had for some time been employed as ferryman at the Russell-street ferry. About 8 o'clock p.m. on Nov. 10, he, with two other men, had brought the large punt over to this side of the river, and while it was being moored O'Dea fell into the water. It is supposed that he must have been knocked over by the rope along which the punt runs, but it was very dark at the time, definite information on this point can not be obtained. He struggled for some time, but sank before assistance reached him. The deceased was a fine, able-bodied man, of about thirty years of age. He leaves a wife, but no children. A serious accident happened on Nov. 12, on Wickham-terrace, near the Observatory. A young man named John Baker was driving his two sisters and a Miss Woodyatt home, about 7 o'clock, just as it was growing dusk, in a trap hired from M'Lennan and Duncan's livery stables, and when near Parish's Hotel his horse became frightened and bolted down the hill and along the terrace, in spite of the efforts of the driver to hold him in. The vehicle came into collision with a fence in front of Mr. M. Hughes' residence, and the occupants were thrown out with great violence. Miss Baker and her sister (Mrs. Helfrich) escaped with a few slight scratches, but the others, we regret to say, were severely injured, Miss Woodyatt's leg being broken, and Mr. Baker sustaining a slight con cussion of the brain, besides being greatly shaken and bruised. Dr. Fullerton was soon on the spot, and under his directions the sufferers were removed to Mr. Baker's house, in Leich- hardt-street, where they were attended by Dr. Bell. The vehicle was smashed to pieces, and the horse lamed. We regret to learn that a serous accident befel the Kilkivan coach on Nov. 9, resulting in the loss of the mail-bag destined for Gympie. Mr. Blythe, manager for Cobb and Co., informs us that on reaching Wide Bay Creek from Kil- kivan, the driver of the coach, who had five pas- sengers and was driving three horses, being informed that the creek could be safely crossed, ventured in. The rush of the water in the creek was, however, so strong that the horses were taken off their legs, and the coach overturned, after which the whole floated down for about eighty yards. The passengers contrived to struggle ashore, while the driver held on to a tree. The mails were recovered with the excep- tion of the bag for Gympie. One of the wheel horses was lost, and another so much injured that its recovery is doubtful.— Maryborough Chronicle, November 10. Some tidings have at last come to hand re- specting the movements of the accomplished swindler who lately gulled so many, under the assumed name of Count Von Attems. Captain Howe, who was in command of the Hamlet's Ghost, writing from Somerset, on September 29, tells his wife that he has left the vessel, and will shortly bs in Brisbane. The Count (?) has set sail for the East Indies. How many of our readers will say bon voyage ? A GENTLEMAN who lately arrived from the Pimpama informs us that, about 12 o'clock on the night of Nov. 4, a Mount Brisbane blackfel- low, known as King Billy, was murdered at the Encliffe Vale Plantation, owned by Mr. Curtis, by some other blacks who are in the habit of camping in that neighborhood. Our informant states that the murdered black was first ham strung, and then despatched with tomahawks and spears. The blacks buried his body about daylight. A few of King Billy's tribe, who were present, made their escape, threatening to bring more of their friends and take revenge on the murderers. The deceased was frequently about the streets of this city. He looked rather old, and used to wear a brass plate, with the name of his tribe engraved on it, on his breast. Thb following is the latest report from the Brisbane Hospital:—ln-door patients remaining last week, 47 ; received during the week ending November 5, 9; discharged, 7 ; died, 0 ; re maining in hospital, 49 ; out-door patients re ceiving medical treatment, 96. The visiting surgeon for the ensuing week is Dr. Bell.— The Secretary would acknowledge with thanks the receipt of a bundle of newspapers from Chief Justice Cockle. A ciacuLAß has been sent from the Home office to the governors of the different gaols in Great Britain, laying down the following rules with respect to private executions :—For the sake of uniformity it is recommended that exe cutions should take place at 8 a.m. on the first Monday after the intervention of three Sundays from the day on which the sentence is passed ; second, the mode of execution and the ceremonies attending it to be the same as here tofore in use; third, a black flag to be hoisted at the moment of execution upon a staff placed on an elevated and conspicuous part of the pri son, and to remain displayed for one hour. The bell of the prison, or, if an arrangement can be made for that purpose, the bell of the parish or other neighboring church, to be tolled for fifteen minutes before and fifteen minutea after the execution. The gale of Monday, though not by any t means the severest we have had here, inflicted J a good deal of injury on house property invari j ous parts of the city, and on gardens and banana I and other plantations that lay in its tract. The ! quarter which appears to have suffered most is I Bowen-terra3e, in which vicinity many houses : were more or less damaged. In one case, a | portion of the roof was lifted off, and the inside |of the house exposed. Other parts of tho city ; were similarly visited, though the number of houses damaged was not so large in pro portion as in that locality. Some of the | iron roofing of Mr. W. Pettigrew's Saw-mills was blown right into George-street, over the j intervening houses, a distance of at least one hundred yards. The most astonishing proof of the force of the wind was that some of tho roofing of Messrs. Birley and Co.'s Saw-milla, at Kangaroo Point, was carried right over the | river on to the high ground of Bowen-terrace. One wooden house at Kangaroo Point, near the ferry, was lifted right up and carried some few feet. Two women and a child were in the build ! ing at the time, but they escaped unhurt I Another small and empty wooden house in this ! quarter was blown right over. These aro only a few instances out of many similar ones that are observable, and it appears astonishing that no bodily injury was sustained by any person through the many heavy substances which were blown violently about. A. public temperance meeting was held in the Edward-street Baptist Church on the evening of Nov. 10. Mr. J. P. Smith occupied the ohair, and interesting addresses were delivered by the Rev. Mr. Woolcock, Mr. Moore, and others. Six persons took the pledge at the close of the meeting, to abstain from all intoxi cating liquors for the future. The meeting concluded in the usual manner by singing "a stanza of the National Anthem. Loyebs of chess will be glad to learn that the preliminaries of a match, to be played by tele graph, are now in course of arrangement. Some Sydney gentlemen having heard of the reputa tion of Dr. Prentice, as a skilled chess-player, challenged the best Brisbane players to a match, and requested Mr. Mem to arrange matters. That gentleman readily undertook the task, and will, we believe, succeed in bringing about the match. It is probable that Dr. Prentico and Mr. A. M. Francis, M.L.A., will represent Bris bane, and two more formidable players we be lieve could not be found in Queensland. Mr- Hollander and Mr. Smith will we understand be the Sydney champions. A general meeting of the members of the Bris bane Volunteer Fire Brigade was held in the Town-hall, on the evening of Nov. 10, for the pur pose of considering the draft copy of the rules pre pared by the committee, and of electing officers. About twenty-seven members were present. His Worship the Mayor (Mr. J. Hardgrave) occupied the chair. The minutes of the pre vious meeting were read and confirmed. Letters were read from His Excellency the Governor, consenting to become Patron of the Brigade; from Lieutenant Seymour, Commissioner of Police, declining to become Superintendent of the Brigade, on the ground that his ac ceptance of such post would interfere with his official duties, but stating that he was willing to become a private member; and from the Hon. the Colonial Secre tary, granting the use of a portion of the Police court yard for the use of the Brigade. Captain Verney informed the meeting that he had seen Dr. Hobba, and that that gentleman had signi fied his willingness to accept with great pleasure tho post of honorary surgeon to the brigade, and had promised to attend members injured at fires gratis. The draft rules were adopted with some slight amendments. The meeting then proceeded to the election of officers for the first year, the voting being by ballot. It was notified that Mr. Cutbush had retired from the contest. For the office o{ superintendent the following candidates were nominated: —Captain Verney and Alderman Beattie. For the former there were eighteen votes, and for the latter nine. Captain Verney was therefore declared duly elected, and briefly returned thanks, ex pressing his determination to fulfil his duties to the best of his ability. For tho office of senior deputy superintendent, Messrs. Beattie, Pren tice, Fleming, and Harloy were proposed. Mr. Prentice retired in favor of Mr. Beattie, who was duly elected. For the office of junior deputy superintendent Messrs. Harley and Fleming were proposed. The former was elected by a majority of ten votes to seven. Mr. Richard Price was unanimously elected honorary secretary. The meeting then ad journed to Tuesday evening next. We are informed that the Ipswich Volunteers have it in contemplation to attend in force, with their band, at the opening of Parliament, the principal motive, we believe, being a desire to compliment His Excellency Colonel Blackall on the occasion of his first opening a Parliament in this colony, and thus in some measure to return the courtesy and liberality of His Excellency during his recent visit to Ipswich. We need hardly say that their presence in this city will be most welcome. | The popular entertainment at the Kangaroo Point School, on Nov. 10, was a great success. Mr. John M'Donnell presided, and there was a large attendance. The following programme was gone through to the evident satisfaction of all present : —Readings : " The Spanish Ar mada" (Macaulay) ; " The Execution," from Barnaby Rudge (Dickens) ; " Address to a Mummy;" " Mr. Caudle is made a Mason" ! (Douglas Jerrold). Recitations : " Tho Arab's Farewell to his Steed" (Hon. Mrs. Norton); "Charge of the Light Brigade" (Tennyson). Songs: " A Father's Love," " Paddle your own Canoe," " The Old Wife," and " Married to a Mermaid." The entertainment concluded with the National Anthem. j On Saturday, at the Central Police Court, I Hugh Moore, alias Edward Gilfoyle Ross, was brought up, on remand, charged with forgery. The evidence of a clerk in the Australian Joint Stock Bank was taken, and was to the effect that no one of the name of Hugh Moore had an acoount at the bank. Mr. Harley deposed that > he had known the prisoner some two year* ago ! by the name of Moore Reed, and never knew him as Hugh Moore until after his arrest. The prisoner was committed to take his trial at the i next sittings of the Supreme Court.—William • Tregarthen, who had been remanded from the i previous day on a charge of stealing a coat, hat, and trousers, was discharged, the prosecutor : having withdrawn the charge. j At the meeting of the British Association, i held in August last, at Norwich, Mr. T. Baines, ,' artist to the North Australian Expedition under Mr. Gregory in 1855, and subsequently, in 1858, artist to the Zambesi Expedition under Livingstone, read a paper on " the Victoria and Albert Rivers, North Australia." The purport of the paper was to show that the mouth of the Victoria river was unfit for settlement, but j that on the higher branches of the river, where ' there was a fine plain of trap, the soil and productions were more favorable. The other rivers ran towards the interior, and are peri odically swelled by heavy rains. In some years they are perfectly dry, so that if an explorer ' visited the country in the dry season he re ported that the country was dry; but if be went after the rain he Vas likely to find rivers five miles broad, extending into very largo lakes. Mr. Gregory went in a dry year, but, being a colonial man and acquainted with Australia, he was able to appreciate the signs that showed him how wide these rivers would be if there happened to have been a flood of rain during the previous season. The Victoria flowed into thr sea on the north-west coast, in about 15 degrees S. The upper part of the Victoria ' passed through a fine trap plain ; the lower ' part for about 100 miles passed through a j lower level, in which very good grass farms | might be found. Still, as a rule, it would be ' less healthy for Europeans, and more liable to ■ fever. Between that and the Albert river is a • high table land of a very healthy character. ! The Albert makes rather a short course into the Gulf of Carpentaria. A narrow belt of land, i probably 100 miles-wide, more or less extended ' along the sea coast, watered by rivers of mode rate length. When Mr. Gregory travelled there ; it was a dry year, and he was not able to pene- , trate into the interior. Since that other ex- ', plorers had found a dry country, and at other i times flowing rivers. I 