WAS SHAKSPEARE A SOLDIER ? from the Pall Mall Gazette.) Wak Shakspeare ever a soldier ? Such is the title which one of our best known literary anti- quarian, Mr. W. J Thoms, has prefixed to one of three little " Notelets on Shakspeare," lately published. The question is not new. But we are not sure that it has received full attention, in spite of all the minuteness with which the poet's scanty biography has been studied of late years, and supplemented out of the inquirers' own imagination. Lord Campbell, we know, started more in jest than earnest the paradox that Shakspeare was a lawyer. He professed to found his theory on the poet's familiarity with law language. And in the same vein of reasoning, others have amused themselves by endeavour- ing to make him out a clergyman, and, we believe, a doctor. But the supposition that he was a soldier rests, as we shall see, on evidence with which fancies like these having nothing to do. If a man's profession can be discovered from his writings, it will assuredly be through his addiction to what in popular slang is termed " shop." That is to say, not exactly the terms of art used in the profession, but the particular modes of expression, engrossing thoughts, tastes, and predilections which the profession en- genders. On these-if he betray himself at all-he will inevitably dwell. Now, suppose that we had no external knowledge at all respecting Shakspeare, we should be perfectly safe, following this canon in pronouncing that he was no votary of either of the three black graces-law, physic, and divinity. For though we often uses their technical phraseology, and likes it well, he never indulges in what we have termed their " shop." He introduces members of these professions among his dramatic persons when he requires them ; but never, as it were, in purpose-never to delineate them as such. They have no simply professional characteristics at all. We can hardly except the well-known sketch of the apothecary in " Romeo," because I ' its specialities are all merely external ; he no more proves Shakspeare to have been a medical men than a Counsellor Silvertongue proves ' Hogarth to have been a lawyer. Dr. Caius, we think, has been cited ; but Dr. Caius has no " shop" about him he is a mere humourist, and might quite as well have been designated an LLD. as an M.D. Had Shakspeare, in short, been a member of one of these pro- fessions he would have lived among others of the same class; he would most assuredly have brought them on the stage, minutely and with a " gusto." He has not done so in any instance; therefore, he was none. This, to our mind, is as conclusive as any reasoning of this kind can be. i It needs very little knowledge of Shakspeare j to impress on us how very differently the internal evidence bears on the question, Was Shakspeare a soldier ? Mr. Thoms endea Tours to render the affirmative probable, by showing the poet's great familiarity with military language and images, and his fondness for employing them. We have no objection to make to this line of proof, but must own that it has no great effect on us. It is rather a speciality of many peaceful men that they burn with military ardour, and catch the warlike turn of thought and expression to an extent scarcely common among soldiers themselves. Writers of this class, like our great recent example, Mr. Kinglake, outdo soldiers themselves in the warmth of their battle pieces. Of our three noblest naval lyrics, one (2 Hosier's Ghost") was written by a London cockney ; two (2 Ye Mariners," and " Copenhagen") by a Glasgow cockney. Shakspeare's imagination dwelt much among battles and their glorious ' accompaniments. Loving the subject, he learnt and used its language ; but this alone would go no way at all towards proving him a soldier. The internal evidence which leads towards this conclusion is not that of his attachment to the general subject, but of his peculiar fondness for its accessories, and singular familiarity with them. His delineations of camp life furnish the very best remembered among his comic performances, and help to add a frame- work, as it were, to some of the grandest among his tragic. It is idle to accumulate instances on a subject so familiar; but " Henry the Fourth" " Henry the Fifth," " Othello,': " All's Well that Ends Well, " Troilus and Cressida," are full of evidence of the kind to which we allude. They carry the reader not merely into battles and sieges, but behind the scenes of military life ; make him familiar not only with the striking, but with the every-day common-place, comic, or ignoble features of the great profession and they do so with a spirit which leaves on the mind the strong impression that the author's heart was there, and that he clung to these details with a partiality which, in matters so indifferent in themselves savours strongly of remembrance. j And as it is with the scenes, so with the personages of his dramas. We have said that Shakspeare never gives us in earnest a character belonging to the peaceful professions. His Soldier portraits are numberless from the most minute delineation to the most life-like sketch! conveyed in a few sentences. Not " warriors," nor " champions," nor "heroes," but soldiers;' men in whom the mere warlike character is pointed by the strictly professional. Cassio is a soldier, from the tip of his feather to the point of his boot-and nothing more. Iago is a thorough soldier, and a good deal more. And how grandly the military chiefs slightly, but so powerfully, indicated-adds its special grace to the noble figure of Othello ! When we come to our lighter and comic characters, the personages of Henry the Fifth's camp, the followers of Falstaff, the Greek soldiery before Troy, and so forth, the, truth of special delineation is even more strongly marked, from the individual unimportance of most of the characters themselves. They remind one of those wonderful etchings in which the burden of Called, by two or three decisive] strokes, has given to the figures of ordinary men the cut and costume of soldiers " of the period." 1 In short, to return to the suggestion which we made before, suppose, knowing nothing of Shakspeare, we were asked to specify his business in life, would not our answer be, that in the case of one of such universal powers the conjecture is hazardous, but that if we were driven to it we should pronounce him either an actor or a soldier ? Now that Shakspeare was an actor we all know. The external evidence that he was a soldier is slight no doubt, but it is singular and this constitutes the curious part of Mr. Thomas's "Notelet." Let us condense it for our purpose, which is to stimulate inquiry, not i to satisfy it William Shakspeare married at the age of i nineteen, in 1584, had twins born to him in February, 1885, and they were christened at Stratford. The next fact known of him afterwards is that he was one of my Lord of Lei- cesters company of players, and a sharer in the Blackfriars Theatre, in London, in 1889. It is a frowsy presumable that he left his native town, soon after the birth of the twins. It has been ( supposed that he left it under something of a cloud, partly because the date of the said birth and that of his marriage did not tally in a very canonical way, partly because searchers into Stratford municipal records have made out that his father was involved about the same time in pecuniary difficulties. This and other supposed causes of his disappearance are all conjectural. But, anyhow, there are four years of the poet's life unaccounted for. Now, in December, 1585, the Earl of Leicester went to the Low Countries to take the command there. He carried with him some 500 men, " procured in great part from Warwickshire, and especially from the neighbourhood of his domain at Kenilworth." Among these, as Mr. Thomas shows, were two Ardent, and one Miles Combe names well known to those who have studied Shakspeare's cousin ' hood and neighbourhood. Could Shakspeare himself have made one of the party ? Ben Jon son, Gascoyne, Churchyard, and other young seamen of the day served, as we know, in the Low Countries. Did the great poet follow the same course, run away from his wife and twins, and " list for a soldier ?" J Leicester remained in the Low Countries until December, 1586. On the 24th of March, 1886, Sir Philip Sidney thus addresses Secretary Walsingham from Utrecht :-" I. wrote you a letter by Will and Lord of Lester's yeh wing player . and I never had answer thereof. ... I since find that the linnhe delivered the letter." p Mr. Bruce, who disinterred this curious passage, will have it that it cannot apply to the poet, because he is very sure that at no period of their respective lives could Sidney have called Shakspeare, even in jest a " knave." The objection does credit to Mr. Bruce's organ of veneration : but, as our " Will " could only have been 20 years old, we are not so sure, there are, however, at least three other Wills who may claim the honour, so the value of this little indication is only cumulative. Thus much is all that can be said respecting the poet's possible service in the Low Countries, on the evidence as yet discovered. We are able to add that the learned archivist and librarians at the Hague, who have taken a good deal of interest in the conjecture, have not been able to find there any nominal list of the Englishmen who Came over with' Leicester. There is such a list, of volunteers in general, at an earlier period, of the contest, , which contains many English names, and may be worthy of examination, but not of course for this purpose. ! Lastly-and the last little bit of evidence is by far the most clenching- in'Mrs. Greer's Calendar of State Papers, 1603-1610," is a notice of the names of the trained soldiers within the hundred of Barlichway " (taken at Alcester in September, '1865, just before the Gunpowder Plot), in which the name of a " William Shakespeare " occurs under the head of " Rowington." Barlichway is the hundred in which Stratford-on-Avon is situated and Shakspeare held at the time of his death " one copyhold tenement " in Stratford, " being parcel or holden of the manor of Rowington ;" and no other William Shakspeare of that neighbourhood is known of or can be suggested at that particular date. The poet was no doubt at that time generally resident in London ; but this would not prevent his name being enrolled in the hundred where he owed, as it were,, military service. How say you, reader? Was Shakspeare a soldier? Not proven, doubtless. But how as) i to external and internal probability ? 