THE NEWS OF THE DAY. Ono of the largost, as it was the best or dered and most enthusiastic of public meet ings held in Victoria for years, assembled in St. Geergo's Hall last evening, for tho purpese of protesting against the interference of tho Colonial Office ia our public affairs, and sui-- porting the M'Cnlloeh Administration in thoir resolution to bring forward no Appropriation Bill unless it contained tho Darling grant. Before Mm linnr nf. wJii/Oj Mm ni-m.on^fnrra moi.n announced to commence (eight o'clock), the hall was densely crowded, and in conse quence several hundreds of persons were unable to obtain even standing room, in the building. On tbo platform were assem bled a large number of members of Parlia ment and other influential gentlemen. Mi George Rolfe occupied the chair ; and addresses ?were delivered by Messrs C. E. Jonos, Crews, Beaucuamp, Dickson, Rico, Frenchain, Hen derson, Fuirhurst, Balfour and Burtt. Mr Jones's speech dealt most ably with the ques tion now at issue, and the speakei' Bueceeiled in completely carrying the irnmenso crowd with him. There was no opposition offered to any of the resonltions proposed, which were carried by acclamation, and were as follow : — ' That this meeting is of opinion that tho late despatch of the Duke of Buckingham, Secretary of Statofor the Colonies, is calculated to overthrow the principle of responsible government in this country, and might ulti mately lead to anarchy and confusion, by attempting to set at naught the unniistakeably expressed will of tho pooplo. And, whilst ox pressing loyalty to the throne, we are further of opinion that, in view of this threatened aggression upon our rights and liberties, we call upon our representatives in the Assembly not to grant supplies nor support any Adminis tration that may be formed, which will not rocoguiso — by including the Darling grant in tho Appropriation Bill — the right of the people of this country, through th»ir representatives, to deal exclusively with their own finances.' — ' That if, as said, a dissolution bo in con templation, this meeting regards such a stop on the part of his Excellency, so soon after a general election, as highly unconstitutional and unjust to tho couutry ; and if resorted to, this meeting pledges itself to redouble its efforts to add to theprosont majority in the Assembly, and farther, would recommend to thoir fellow electors the propriety and necessity of re-olecting, free of oxpense, the mem bers pledged to tho issue in dispute.' — ' That this meeting is of opinion that the country owes a debt of gratitude to the M'Cnl loeh Ministry for asking his Excellency tho Govornor to publish the Duke of Buckingham's despatch, dated 1st January last, and for their determination to abide by the dccUion of the country at the late gonoral election, by inform ing Ms Excellency that they would ' not take any csnrse, submit to any condition, or offer any advice, inconsistent with that docision.' ' After a vote of thanks had been passed to tlo chair, the meetingsangaverseof the 'National Anthota,' gavu three cheers for Mr Higiu botham, and then quietly dispersed. Mr Riddell is a3 far off as over from forming a Ministry. A first of April story was in cir culation yesterday that ho had made up his mind to face the Assembly with a Ministry of four— ^the number fce had at the start. The four are, of course, Messrs Macpherson, Bayles, Mdcdonnell and himself ! Mr T. T. a'Beckett is expected to throw oil ou the tronbled waters of the Council. If the story were true, it would be still more appropriate to the season. Our Sydney telegram reports the pleasant intelligence that Prince Alfred, perfectly ro stored to health, was driving his four 'greys' about the city aud suburbs, yesterday, to the great gratification of the people, who nppro ciatod so great a proof of confidence in their loyalty. In response to an influentially signed requi sition, his Worship the Mayor of Geelong has granted the use of the Town Hall for the pur pose of holding a public meeting, on Friday evening next, ' To consider tho urgent neces sity for a speedy settlement of the existing crisis, so disastrous to the interests of the colony, and the Duke of Buckingham's de spatch to his Excellency the Governor ; also, to support the Ministry in the firm stand they have taken in defending tho rights of tho Le gislative Assembly and the people.' Tho position of affairs in Victoria is very ably discussed in a long letter from Mr J. D. Balfo, of Lisadern, Franklin, to the editor of tho Tasmanian Times, 'from which we extract tho following truthful and vigorous peroration: — 'I beg then respectfully to record my opinions in opposition to those who smell 'treason,' ' disloyalty,' ' dispensing with tho Queen's name,' and ' separation from the mother country,' in the efforts of Victoria to rid tho country, its government and legislation, from the irresponsible and obstructive class whoso sole end and aim is to secure their hold upon the principalities they grow wool upon, and keep men from trespassing upon. I can not believe there exists a solitary being, gifted with the powers of reasoning, who desires to see our Gracious Sovereign or her descendants deposed from the supreme authority in these colonies, or who could honestly seek a separation from an empire whose airs and rule, for their justice and wisdom, were never equalled in the history of nations. To write and talk of ' disloyalty', ' treason,' and ' separation,' in connection with the Victorian crisis, appears to me nothing better than the veriest cant, and only fit to be dis cussed in that elaborato treatise which the celebrated Dean of St. Patrick's announced his intention of giving to the world, but which has yet to be written, namely, 'A Critical Essay upon the Art of Canting, philosophically, physically, and musically considered.' Why then do I refer to tho subject at such length ? Because the circumstances of the case have been purposely distorted, written, and dilated invidiously upon by the squatter, commission agents, bankers, and press, for no other pur pose than to bring popular institutions into contempt, and, among other things, to display the evils of a liberal and just enfranchisement of the people.' Mr Curtayne, manager of the Union Bank, was summoned to the District Court yes terday, by the City Corporation, for allow ing a nuisance to exist upon tho bank premises. The nuisance urose from tho obnoxious fumes from smelting gold. Mr Stephon, who appeared for the plaintiffs, applied for a postponement of the caso, as the bank authorities had placed every obstaclo in the way of their serving a subpeona upon ono of tho most important wit nesses, tho gold- smelter. The bank had re fused to givo any guarantee that tho nuisance would be abated, and tho corporation had felt bound to press tho case. Mr Dawson, who appeared for tho bank, said he was prepared to deny that any nuisance existed, or that gold was smelted on tho occasion referred to. Mr Hackett considered tho application for a post ponement reasonablo, and adjourned the case until Tuesday, the 7th inst. A correspondent informs the Courier that at a mooting of the grand committeo of tho Grand Orange Lodge of Victoria hold in Ballarat on Tuesday evening, it was resolved to draw tip a congratulatory address to her Majesty tho Queen ontlio convalescence of H.R.H, the Duko of Edinburgh, and to assure her Majesty of tho unfaltering loyalty of the members of this body to her Majesty's throne and person. The writer adds that sevoral applications for war rants to open now lodges in various parts of the colony wore dealt with, and finally granted. Others wore heldover for consideration. Tho National Grain Show takes place at Geolong to-day, undor tho auspices of tho Goe loug and Western District Agricultural and Horticultural Sooiety. From the numbor of entries, it soems certain to bo very successful. Tho ontries for the Heidolborg races, which aro to take place on Saturday next, were mado at the Albion last evening, and will be found in another column. There aro four events, and judging from tho number and quality of the horses some good sport may be anticipated. The drawing for tho Maribyrnong stud dis tribution will positively take place on tho 6th inst., at St. George's Hall. Tho wholo of the shares, with tha- exception of about seventy, have been sold, and there can bo little doubt of. their being disposed of before that day. Should any shares bo returned from the neighboring colonies unsold, they may bo obtained at the head office up to nine o'clock on the morning of drawing. Tho doors will bo open at eight o'clock a.m., when the scrutineers will inspect and arrange all tho marbles and paraphernalia necessary. Tho drawing will commence at nine o'clock, and no porson will be permitted insido who does not produce a shareholder's ticket. In order that public faith may in overy way bo protected, Mr Bagot has obtained tho consent of the following gentlemen to act as scrutineers on the occasion, which will be a sufficient gnaranteo that tho entire affair will bo con ducted on tho soundest principles of fair play : — Messrs W. J.Clarke, J. B- Bennett, J. G. Dongharty, J, H. Blacliwood, F. J. Bligh, F. Honty, Samuel Lord, D. S. Campbell, A. S. King, J. M. M. Maclsinnon, Wm. Robertson, Juo. Strachau, A. W. Robertson, David Parker, G. F. Desailly, Robt. M'Cracken, H. M, C. Gommell, and Captain Saunders. A correspondent directs our attention to a system whioh, as he describes it, seems equally injurious to tho respectable cabmen of Melbourne and inconvenient to some of their custemers in tho city and suburbs. Cabmen, once started on thoir journey eastwards, ore not permitted to tout for passengers in thatpartof Bourke-street between Elizabeth and Russell streets. Our cor respondent states, however, that some cabmen do this with impunity, by paying a shilling a week to an individual in their interest, while others, who refuse this black mail, are pulled up and fined if they only stop for a minute to take up a customer. It seems to us that this is a matter which ought to bo settled by the cabmen themselves. What is tho Cabmen's Protection Society for ? Mr Francis Arthur Flint, the driver of a con veyance which on tne 29th February passed over a man named Harland in Churnh-street, Richmond, and severely injured him, again ap peared at the local police court yesterday, to answer a charge of negligent and careless driv ing. It was shown in evidence that tho de fendant, on learning tho name and address of the injured man, sent Dr. Hewlett to attend, him, but Dr. Clark had already been treating the patient. The defendant ' expressed 'his readiness to make every reparation in his power to Hariana for tbo injuries ho sus tained. It was alleged for the defence that the rattling produced by crossing the bridge over the Yarra caused the horse in the buggy to start off. The bench imposed a penalty of £5 53\. Mr Edwards, on behalf of the defendant, gave notico of appeal. Among the sporting 'ovonts' coming off to-day, are the annnal races at Salo and at Colac. According to a local chronicle, the borougn Conncil of Eaglehawk is particularly divided against itself just now:— 'Mr Lotheby re signed his offico of Mayor because tho council had refused to voto him tho allowance of £50 for the present year, in accordance with the principlo established last year; and Mr Lester, who avs3 looked upon as tho ' coming rain ' in the event of tho mayoral chair becoming vacant, also tou&erod; his resignation ft3 a councillor. Tli3 latter gentleman gave his brother coancillors to understand that ho thought it desirable that they should follow his oxiuunle, and so jnvo their constituents an opportunity o£ expressing tin opinion as to their conduct a3 their representatives.' The slaughter-yards of Messrs Lowe and Go. at Irishtbwn, Geolong, together with adjoining sheds, wore last night completely destroyed by fire. At tho Princess Theatre this evening, Mr Charles Yeung takes a benefit, which is an nounced as under the special patronage of tho old colonists of Viotoria. On those, as well indeed as on all classes of the playgoing com munity, Mr Charles Young has a special claim, as being our oldest as he is oar best eccentric comedian. Tho unusual delay of the last train on Tung Gay Slight paused considerable -uneasiness in G«Ti#Hini'af nn-1 f~!neflntv»OTrta Tim (Iftinv- WM caused by the breaking of one of tho ongino valves near ICyneton. SayB the Bcndigo Ad vertiser: — ' Tho damage was partially re paired after a considerable delay, and the train managed to got as far as Ravens wood, where it was met by a pilot engine from Sandhurst, ?which had been telegraphed for. It appears somewhat strauge that neither at Kynoton nor Castlemuino was there a spare engine ready to take the train on, without the necessity of having to send for one to Sandhurst.' Had the telegraph been available — as it ought to have been — no anxiety would have been felt by those who had friends in the train. At the District Court yesterday, John Hatton, tinsmith, of Elizabeth-street, was summoned by his wife, Sarah Ann Hatton, for maintenance. The plaintiff stated that she married iho defendant about tkreo years since, awl continued to reside witn Mm until last .No vember, when iho had a quarrel in consequence of h:3 having taken 30s out of her pocket. Ho then turned her out of the houso and agreed ?to allow her 15s a week towards her support. She whs at present enceinte and unable to maintain herself on that sum. Sho had another child seventeen months old, but her husband had taken it away and refused to allow her to seo it. She recently went to her father-in-law's andasked for the child, and as they agaiu rofused to allow her to see it, she became exasperated and broke some windows, for which she was given into custody, nnd fined at the City Police Court. Tho dofendant made p, statement and acknowledged that the chnraoter of his wife was irreproachable. Ho had done as alleged be cause he found her temper was incompatible ?with his peuce. He could not live with her, as she was in tho habit of breaking the furni ture and- cutting up his clothes. The plaintiff indignantly denied tho accusation, but ad mitted that on one occasion she had cut up his volunteer belt. Tho defendant said that the plaintiff first oxhibited hor violont temper after tho birth of hor child, and she had since been wider ? medical treatment The doctor had told him that it was not safe for him to leave her tho child or to livo with her, as she was suffering from violent excite ment. Ho had therefore declined to allow her to see the child. Tho defendant was pressed as to where tho child was, and, refusing to answer the question, Mr Haekett threatened to commit him for contempt. He then admitted that it was at Bauinyoug, with a man named Bull. Mr HackeU said he had never seen a caso in which more cruel or brutal treat ment had been proved. Tho defendant had acknowledged that his wife was without a fault, except such as was caused by tho excite ment attendant upon tho state in which she was. She needed the greatost kindness, care and attention, and instead of bestowing such upon her, the defendant had cruelly neg lected hor. Tbo ordor of the court would be that the defendant should contribute tho sum of 30s por woek towards plaintiff's mainten ance for a poriod of twelve months. . Mr Haokett further awarded £3 3s costs. The Ballarat Turf Club, at its meeting on Tuesday night, resolvod that the Autumn Steeplechases should consist of one day's racing, on Friday, loth May. The officers will be appointed at a meeting to be held this evening. At the City Police Court yesterday, Christian Paser was charged with stealing furniture. The prisoner was brother to Julius Paser, the mirrorm*ker of Little Bourke- street, who died on tho 18th March. After his brother's death he removed to his own residence a quantity of mirrors, billiard tables, &c;, of the valuo of £800, which the oxecutorS of Julius Paser claimed as belonging to his estate. The pri soner alleges he was in partnership with his brother ' and was justified in removing the goods. ? The case was only partly heard and then adjourned until raxt Wednesday. It would seem by a complaint that has been made to the Castlemaine mining board, that several parties holding land under the 42nd clause of the Amending Land Act have been extorting money from minors for claims on land not under cultivation, Buch being illegal, and according to the act their leasos ore for feited. As tho Daily News observes, ' if the law is enforced, which it ought to be, it might be a caution to many who have taken up land for no other purpose.' The pally Herald (Queensland), of tho 21st March, contains an energetic denunciation of Fenianism from tho pen of its Brisban9 correspondent. 'We quote the following re markable passage : — ' Let those of the people who are in danger of being led away by the devilish conspiracy be informed — let such of them as are not deficient in sagacity take a personal review — of tho private characters of thoso of. its leaders in whom they would put their tmst. The ' ex-Head Centre ' of Bris bane I happen to know something of : and I feel it my duty to tall what I know. Ho was the advertised secretary of the Fenian move ment — under another phase and name. I had occasion onco to have a little: businesa with this man respecting a plot of land which (although I was referred to him) he had no authority whatever to sell. If was land belonging to Bishop Quinn ; .and the Fenian in question was supposed to be the agent of the Bishop. The prico of, the plot was £30, ten pounds of which I paid him oh account. A day or two after the transaction I was informed, by a friend, that I had been -swindled, and advised by him to sea Dr. Quinn and make ia quiries into tho matter. I went immediately to that gentleman, nnd he told me that the land had been illegally and fraudulently sold, to me by one who was no longor his agent. I imme diately went to the qua3i-agont (the aforesaid Fenian secretary), and demanded a return of the money. By tho advice of a friend I had a policeman near at hand, intending to give the 1 patriot' iato custody as a felon, should he have refused to refund the money. Saeing my determination, he denounced his bishop, posi tively asserted that he was still his agent, but eventually disgorged his plunder ? Now, if such an individual is (or -was) the Head, what, I would ask, can be tho constitu tion of our local confederacy ? There are some of the ' Brotherhood,' I am aware, who would repudiate this individual, nnd avor that he belonged to another and (as it was deemed) more respectable order of ' patriots.' Lot them have their way. All I can say is, that several who were robbed by him always speak of him aa the ' Head of the Fenian3 ' — and such (as I am no sophist) I believo him to have been.' The usual generosity of tho great mining companies is ono of the most agreeable features of gold-fields society. For example : — At the meeting of tho Webster-street Freehold Com pany on Tuosday, a sum of £50 was voted to the widow and family of a miner named Parker, who was killed at the mine. Tho following votes were passed to the charitable institutions, namely : — Hospital, £30 ; and Benevolent and Orphan Asylums, £10 each. In proof of tho fact that cold is almost everywhere present, in greater or smaller quantities, it is reported that during the su3 ponsion of tho works of tho Thomson River Copjer. Mjfl? the jnen. took to Work in the bod of the river, the course of which they turned to search far gold. The result was thoy nearly all found it, the amount averaging from 103 to 40s per week each. In tho Ballarat County Court list for this silting is a case, Goodman v. Pope. It has been observed that so singular a collocation of names smacks of old Puritan days and old Puritan allegories. Our contemporary the Creswich and Clinics Advertiser expresses some doubt as to the re liability of the agricultural returns now being prepared for the Rogistrar- General; and he gives a reason for his scepticism : — ' Even when the Victorian statistics have been all collected (?) they will not be very reliable; a larger quantity of produce being hold in reality than appears from tho returns referred to. As on instance, we know a portion of this dis trict, and not an insignificant one cither, whore up to thia date, contrary to their iuoimoiiorx,, nn collector has asked for or got a solitary return. If there are — as is dud too likely — other districts similarly noglocted, tho agricultural statistics will ho uuroliable and will mislead, giving less than tho actual stocks in hand or yields realised by the farmers. True, a gazette notice, copio 1 into tho news papors, requests those farmers uuvisitod to re port the matter and send in their own returns ; but how many of thnm will tako the trouble ? And yet the returns will be quoted as Victorian Agricultural S tatistics ! ' Thomas Cox, the boy who was shot at Rose dale some time ago, died at the Gipps Land Hospital, as wo briefly reported the other day. It may be of some use to ethers to tell how the fatality occurred. On the 10th of Blarch Cox and another boy named Cowell went into tho backwaters for the purpose of shooting dnck?, both being armed with guns. Cox got on a log for the purpose of looking for wild fowl, . and had his gun in his right hand at fall cook. By somo means the woapon slipped and came violently in contact with the log, causing the hammer to fall on the nipple, and tho whole contents of the gun lodged in tho unfortunate boy's thigh. His compauion Cowell imme diately went for and obtained the assistance of a man named Fraser, who convoyed tho boy to a farm-house adjacent, where tho snfferer was aVouce attended by Dr. Simmons, and the next day was taken to tho hospital. In spite of all remedies lockjaw supervened, and the lad expired. Wo publish elsewhere a report of proceed ings which took place in the Yass Police Court a few days ago, arising out of the Treason Felony Act, or a certain interpreta tion of it. The Maryborough Mining Board mot spe cially on Friday to consider statements of the petitioners in the matter of the disputed elections for the Amhorst, Tarnagulla and Maryborough, divisions. From the Talbot Leader wo learn what took place : — MrHosldns appeared for Messrs Beckett and Coaatiok, pe titioners 'against tho return of Messrs Fay and Gill, for the Amherst division. Mr Samuels, representing tho interests of Mr Ba'rr, peti titioned against by Mr Donovan, of Mary borough, and for Mr Irvine, whose election for Tarnagulla was also objected to. A difficulty arising as to the legality of the chairman ad ministering theoith to the witnesses, it was decidod to telegraph to the Attorney-General for information. The answer not arriving as soon as expected, and as time was on the wane, it was resolved to 'chance it,' and the chairman administered the oath accordingly to the witnesses. Sundry legal arguments were entered into, and the examination of witnesses proceeded with, when a telegram from Mr Higinbotham came to hand conveying his opi nion that tho chairman had not the power to administer the oath. Tho proceedings so far were therefore valueless, and aftsr it had been resolved to forward a full statement of tho case te the Attorney-General for his opinion and advice, tho board adjourned. An interview between Messrs Frazer and Miller and their constituents is reported by the Talbot Leader : — ' Messrs Frazer and Miller, our parliamentary representatives, having visited Majorca the previous day, returned to Talbot on Friday en route to Melbourne, and were waited upon at Wrigley's Commercial Hotel by several of the members both of the Borough Council of Amherst and the Shire Council of Talbot, for the purpose of bringing under their notice several local requirements. Among other matters the deputation more es pecially urged the need for support of the new Boraugh Statute and Local Government Act, both of which measures engaged the attention of tho Legislative Assembly last session, and passed the committees to whom they were re ferred. The hon. members promised to tako tho matters submitted to them under their most earnest consideration, and use their utmost endeavors to promote the object sought by tho deputation.' . From the Government Astronomer's report, showing the results of meteorological obser vations rnado at the Melbourne Observatory for the month ending 31st March, wo select tho following : — Pressure of air : Maximum, 30.122 in., on the 2nd and 15th; minimum, 29.492 iii., on the 30th ; range during tho month, 0.730 in. Highest temperature in shade, 104.6 deg. on tho 1st ; lowest, 44.4 dog. on 24th ; highest solar radiation, 14G.0 deg. on tho 1st. Weather generally fine and pleasant. Very hot on the 1st, Cth, 9th and 20th ; very boisterous on the 13th, 14th, 20th, 2Cth, 30th and j31st; dust storm on tho afternoon of the 1st, 20th and 20th ; rain showers on the even ing of tho 1st, on the 13th, 17th, 28th and 30th, amounting to 1.02 in. as compared with 0.75 in. during 8 day3 in March, 1S67 ; 2.14 in. during 6 daya in March, 18GG ; 1.2G in. during 8 days in March, 1865 ; 1.80 in. during 7 days in March, 1SGA ; 3.34 in. dnring 14 days in March, 1SG3 ; 1.08 in. during 8 days in March, 18G2 ; 2.05 in. during 9 days in March, 18G1 ; O.0G in. during G days in March, 1860 ; 0.18 in. during 8 daya in March, 1859 ; 1.09 in. during 9 days in March, 1858. MrGemmell, of Gemmoll, Tnckett and Co., sold at tho New Exhibition Building yesterday morning tho buggies, saddles, bridles, &c;, which were used by H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh dnring his residence in Victoria. There wero four buggies, ono of which realised £52 10s, and the other three fetched £45 each. One was purchased by air Beggs, and the re mainder by Messrs Clapp and Co. The saddles wero sold at prices varying from £2 17s Gd to £G 15s ; and the bridles, from £1 2s Gd to £2 103\. Fall prices wore obtained for other sundry articles ; and some pieces of coir mat ting, flags, &o.;, were withdrawn frsm salo by order of the Government. The total amount realised was about £300. The secretary of the Victorian committee of the New South Wales Floods Relief Fund has forwarded a report of the result of tho labors of the committee, which appears in our adver tising columns. It will bo seen that a sum of £3779 193 9d has been conlribated towards the relief of the sufferers from tho late disas trous floods, by Victorian colonists, and that a balance of over £1000 remains to tho credit of tho committee. Finding that the central committee in Sydney, af tor having met all the exigencies of the ca.la.mit7, uftY9 ftHidetl ft balance in their hands of £5000 as tho nucleus of a fund to meet future disasters of a like character, tho Victorian committee have re solved to apply for the direction of a court of equity as to. the disposal of Iho balance now lying to the credit of the fund in tho Colonial Bank of Australasia, which balance is not re quired for the purpose for which it was placed in the hands of the committee by the chari table individuals who so promptly responded to tho appeal made to them. Mrs Robert Heir has had a well-deserved com plimentary benefit given to her at the Princess's Theatre, at Dunedin, which is thus spoken of by the Otago Times : — ' In tho respectful and tendor reception given to Mrs Heir, in tho pro fusion of bouquets with which she was pre sented, and in the warm applause of her acting, there were additional expressions of the feelings which prompted tho attendance, and of the feelings which wera inevitably in duced, before the conclusion of the perform ance, among thoso to whom, except by reputa lU,Ur,.n „„ ? «„(..„„„ „„„„ «~!r~,™v. With a somewhat suggestivo appropriateness, the play selocted for the occasion was that of ' Leah, the Forsaken.' The play is one in which the best actresses who have visited Danedin have appeared, and have intensely, impressed their audiences ; but thoro are characteristics about the acting of Mrs Heir, in the part of Leah, which justify tho assertion that by none of her predecessors lias she been excelled. Her performance of that character was un questionably, of itself, tho best dramatic re presentation witnessed in Dunedin for many days, and it could not but excito the hope that circumstances may arise to induce the return of Mrs Heir to this colony at another and a more auspicious time.' It is certain that if ever Mrs Heir returns to Melbourne, she will meet with a similar mark of sympathy from thoso by it horn she is so gratefully remembered. Wo learn that MrL. Guittard, a 'traveller' omployod by Mr John M'Gee, merchant, Flin ders-lane, was killed on Monday afternoon, through tho capsizing of his buggy. The acci dent occurred about half-way between Doon and Alexandra. We understand that ho was last seen alive at about half-past one o'clock on Monday, when he called at Jones's Junction Hotel, Doon, for the purpose of in quiring about the road, to which he was a stranger. His doad body was discovered at about live o'clock tho same evening. The Victorian Cricketers' Association an nounce the seventh meeting of the Amateur Ath letic Sports for Easter Monday next. Tho pro gramme comprises two now features in the shape of a 150 yards handicap flat race, and a 100 yards Hat race to be run backwards blindfolded. Entries ore to bo received up to nine o'clock of the 7th April, by members of tho committee, and on the evening of that day at the Port Phillip Club Hotel. In the Insolvent Court yesterday, thore was a further examination meeting in the estate of John Nicol, of Melbourne, publican, but the facts elicited did not throw any new light on the affairs' of tho insolvent. At tho Emerald-hill Police Court yesterday, Mr Frank Stephen summoned John Tope, the keeper of the Three Chain-road tollgate, for charging excessive toll. The complainant was travelling in a spring cart on the oocasion when he sustained the grievance complained of — being required to pay 4d instead of 3d. Mr Roy, who appeared for tho defendant, observed that in reality Mr Stephen had not been charged sufficient toll, inasmuch as he had given the defendant a franc piece, worth only tenpence of English money, and received change for a shilling. Mr Stephen retorted that to charge insufficient toll was an offence against iho statute as well as to charge in excess. Tho bench imposed a fine of Is, with 203 costs. The complainant gave the balance of the cost of the summons to the posr box. It appears that tho Warrnambool races have not boon so free from accidents as wore either thoso of Portland or Belfast. In the Hurdle Race, Hugh Gallagher, tho rider of Mr Tozer's Blue Jacket, sustained such serious injuries that his recovery is very doubtful. The acci dent was occasioned while taking the last leap but one, when the horse stumbled against tho hurdle and rolled over its rider. Gallagher had the race allhis own way until it occurred, when MrMoran's Fox went to the front, winning tho race. The Maiden Plate was won by a horse of Mr Tozer's, and the Handicap by Mr Car-, miohael's Milesian. A prize for the Melbourne police is thus in dicated by a Beechworth journal : — 'Lee, who took several head of cattle from Gippa Land to the Thunder and Lightning quarter, who was arrested by the police and escaped from them ? who has had two ? encounters,' as either the police or the newspapers style them, with the police — has since made across to this side, and crossed the Upper King River, a week ago, and will, no doubt, fall a prey to tho Melbourne detectives,' The rewards for Leo's apprehen sion amount to something like £130. In reference to tho treatment of snake bites, a reliable eye-witness writes to the Gipps Land Guardian, describing what ho saw on the road from Rosedale to Port Albert, a few days ago: — ' A pup belonging to a well-known resi dent was brought in foaming at the mouth, and with nostrila and face greatly swollen, presenting every appearance of having been bitten by a snake, tho marks of the fangs being distinctly visible, Shires's antidote was immediately brought into requisition : but instead of being applied externally in the usual way, the dog was held and the stuff wis' poured np, or rather down, his nostrils, and allowed to circulate in the region of Ihe brain. The curative and restorative effects were soon visible ; the pup rallied, and in a few hours was able to run about as briskly ns heretofore.' As Shires's antidote may bo itself a poison we would not advise any one to try the exporiment,on a humiin being. The 'Gap Range Murders,' as they aro called, seem to furnish an inexhaustible theme for the local press. From tho following it will bo seen that the topic has. stimulated the imagination of the Yass Courier : — ' Super stition has planted a ghost at tho scene of this fearful tragedy. We mentioned in our last issue that the houso in which the murders were committed had been abandoned, and that tho man who had taken charge of Conroy's sheop had located himself in the detached building from which Mrs Conroy emerged on the fatal night, only to meet the same doom as her husband and others. Since then it would appear that some persons had tempor arily taken up their abode in tho main building, and on the first night of their sleeping there a hand described as heavy as that of a human creature passed over their bodies while they laid in bed. On the second night, by tho light of the fire which wo havo referred to aa burning all night, in tho place where tho shepherd slept, a figure dressed in black was seen in the room where the murder wero perpetrated. Tho superstitious may pro bably suppose that it was That flgnro clothed from head to foot, ?Which keeps tho koys of nil tho croods. However, one thing is certain, that so alarmed wore all those at tho farm house, temporary Bojourners and $h.e shepherd, that {hey Jiuve abandoned the place, and havo pitched their camp on the bank of tho creek. The pri soner Monday continues tc exhibit no remorse, and is seomingly quite rational on the sub ject of his past atrocious career. The medical officer of the gaol,. Dr. O'Connor, is perfectly satisfied as to the culprit's sanity ; but wo suppose that when ho is put upon his trial, the jury will be directed to take evidence as 'to his ability to plead.' The bed of lime lately opened at Cockatoo, on tho land held by Mr Trollope under the 42nd section, is now opened to some extent, and is being worked by Messrs Tinsey, Trollope and party, and some quantity of lime of medium quality baa been got out, burned, and disposed of. A local journal expresses an opinion that the real bed of limestone has not yet been dis covered, as the blocks appear to be disconnected, and in the shape of boulders. The rumor that an offioial in one of the banks in Young was a defaulter turns out to bo true. Mr Blake, of the Commercial Bank in that town, is tho individual referred to. His aeiaications are estimated at £3000. Ho has disappeared nobody seems to know whither. We find the following particulars in the Yass Courier: — 'We sincerely regret to learn that the rumor which was stated in our last issue to be prevalent in town has proved to be too true. The defaulter is Mr Isidoro Maurice Blake, and we believe he was a teller in the bank. He ab sconded about ten or twelve days ago. The deficiencies in his accounts appear to be much larger than was at first supposed. It is stated at the present time that they amount to about £2500. Besides falsification of customers' and bank books, the fraud has been in part accon\\-- plashed by means of erroneous entries of fixed deposits. It will be some timo before all the receipts in these cases can be called in, and therefore the stated amount of deficiency is only an approximation. Tho last time Mr Blake was seen after leaving Young was at Bin along at dark ; he was then riding and leading a spare horse. Besides the inspector of the bank a clerk has been sent up from Sydney to assist in auditing the accounts.' Mr Foster, P.M., was called to take the dy ing declaration of a patient in the hospital at Sale, on Monday. The circuins'ances of the case are thus described by a local journal : — On Thursday, the 2Gth nit., two men named Magra and Kirby weve out at Nuntin Creok on a shooting expedition. Both were more or less the worse for liquor, and a dispute arose as to which of them had consumed the largest quantity of tho spirits. . This led to a quarrel, and subsequently a scuffle ensued,- during which their gun went off, wounding the man Magra in the calf of tho leg. The wounded man was neglected for two or three days, and on Sunday was admitted to the hospital, but on Monday the mortification consequent on the wound had so much increased that it was deemed necessary to take his dying declara tion. Platts v. M'Crtllumwasfinally settled in the Banco Caurt yesterday, when plaintiff's coun sel moved for a new trial on the ground that the verdict for the defendant had been against evidence. The court wa3, however, spared the trouble of considering the case, as by consent a verdiet was entered in favor of the plaintiff, on the defendant's plea of justification, without damages. Tho remainder and substantial part of the verdict in favor of the defendant, on - his plea of not guilty, remained unaltered, and no oosts were allowed to the plaintiff. The question as to whether a right of -appeal lies from the Judge of the Chief Court of Mines to the other three judges in banco, was involved in the caso of M'Cafferty v. Cummins, which came on for hearing in the banco court yesterday. After a brief argument on the point, between Mr Fellows, who maintained the right of appeal, and Mr Billing on the other side, the Chief Justice said that the members of the court would consult with Judge Molesworth and give their decision this morning. Mr Groves has favored us with a copy of his weather tables for 1868, based on magnetic principles. The following is tho forecast for the month of April : — 1. Strong breeze and cool ; 2. Moderate and fine ; 3. Moderate and fine ; 4. Strong and cool ; 5. Fresh and fine ; 6\. Fresh and inclined to rain ; 7. Fresh, cloudy- and cool; 8. Moderate and fino ; 9. Strong and great heat ; 10. Strong gale, cool ; 11\. Strong gale, cool ; 12. Moderate and fine ; 13\. Strong, squally, -warm ; 14. Fresh and squally ; 15. Fresh, fine and warm ; 1G. Moderate and fino; 17. Moderate and fi-ie; 18\. Strong and squally ; 19. Fresh and clouly ; 20\. Moderate and fine ; 21. Strong gale and squally, with rain, hot; 22, Fresh and liue; 23\. Moderate and fine; 24. Moderate and fine ; 25. Fresh aid fino ; 26. Fresh and fine, cool; 27. Strong with rain, cool ; 28. Strong and cloudy ; 29. Fresh and fine ; 30. Fresh and fine. The sittings of the Bourke General Sessions, for the present month commenced yesterday, before his Honor Mr Justice Pohlmanaud juries of twelve. Mr Dunne conducted the prosecu tions on behalf of the Crown. Frederick Livingston pleaded guilty to a charge of forgery and uttering, and was sentenced to ono year's imprisonment cumulative on a sentence he is already serving for the same offence. A young man, eighteen years of nge, a chizen of the United States, named Michael Hall, wasac-, cused of having, on the 23rd ult., stabbed with malicious intent one John Ha'vaon. Prose cutor and prisoner wero both sailors, and it would: appear that* on the 2 Jrd ult., they wore having a drinking' bout at Sandridg* when they commenced to quarrel, aJud Hawson I threw Hall down and tried to ckoko him. Tb.e I latter drew his clasp knife, with which ho I stabbed his assailant more or. less severely several times. The prisoner was found guilty, and sentenced to twelvemonths' imprisonment. Henrietta Wood, a young married woman, charged with forging an order in the name of John Dunn, of Lancefield, for £5, was found guilty, and sentenced to three months' impri sonment. A woman, named Johanna Collins, convicted of stealing £3 from tho person of a man ia Gortrude-street, Collingwood, was ordered to be imprisoned for a period of twelve months. Four persons, r.omed Win. Ainsworth, James Phillips, John Fleming and Mary Jane Far rington, -were indicted for having on Saturday night last violently assaulted and robbed Win. Abbott, at tho Old Times Rovived Hotel, Little Bourke-street. Tho case was a very clear one, and a verdict of guilty was rntiirnnd nf.iinsfc all the prisoners. Far rington was sentenced to two years' imprisonment with hard labor. The man Fleming, when asked if he had any thing to say why sentence should not be passed on him, prayed that he might not bo sent to Pontridge. .He was innocent of this charge, which had been fastened on him by ' those detective follows.' He was compelled to thieve when he had the opportunity, and did do so in order to support hia family. His Honor said there was a whole category of offoncea and convictions Rgainst the prisoner, whoso hand seemed to have been against society for years. He must therefore not complain if the hand of society was stretched out in ita own defence. Tho sentence of the Court was thai he, be jmprijgoned. nn.d. kept $O hard labor for a period of seven years. It was the first offence of Phillips and Ains worth, and his Honor sentenced them to five years' impriaonment, with hard labor, each. Ho remarked that thoy might think thoir sentence heavy, but ho did not. The class of offence they had been found guilty of must be put down, and he had thought seriously of trying tho effect of corporal pnnishment on them. Wai. John Bruce, for stealing some brass, tho property of Alfred Mussina, and a lathe be longing to an engineer named Harrett, received sentence of two years for each offence. The court then adjourned till to-day. A Smythosdalo telegram informs us that silver-has been discovered at Lintons, an-t that an application was made to tho local nflicers yesterday, for ono square mile of land for the purpose of working tho supposed mine. It is positively stated that silver has been found upon the surface. Afire broke out at a quarter to oua o'clock this morning in a turner a shed, attached to Sparrow's timber-yard, in a rignt of way running between Franklin and A'Beckett streets. The Brigado, under Inspector Hoad, extinguished it before much damage was done. Victorias Typoora-Phical TIktox — TU« nn nual general meeting of this society will bo held on Saturday next, at tho Mechanics' In stitute. The St. Kilda Popular Entertainments will be resumed this evening in the Town Hall, when Mr T. H. Follows is announced to preside. Tho published jirogrammo contains a choice selection of readings, songs and reci tations. The Third Victoria Uotldisq Society. — The usual monthly nieetin % w us held last evoning, Rt their offices, 56 Little ' 'sllins-stroct east ; Mr G. W. Rusden in the ohair. Mr Rusden an nounced tho month's receipts to be £3240. Several shares were Lold at a premium of £4 17s. Victorian Deaf a?:d Dumb Institution.— A public meeting in connection with this insti tution will be held this evening, at tho Court House, Flemington. The Mayor of tho bo rough (Mr Filson) will preside, and addresses will be delivered by several clergymen and gentlemen. An examination of some of tho pupils will be made by Rev. Mr Moss, hon. sec. to the charity. . The Band op H.M. 14th Regiment will play in the Botanical Gardens, from four to six o'clock this evening. The following is tho programme : — 1. Introduction et Aria, ' Die Grosfurstin,' Flotow. 2. Quadrille, ' Frei kugeln,' Voss. 3. Selection, ' Zampa,' Horold. 4. Waltz, 'Pretty Bird,' Coote. 5\. Selection, 'Moso in Egitto,' Rossini. 6\. Galop, 'Berliner Pferdi — Eisenbalm,' Arndt. ' God Save the Quean.' A Trip to Inew York and Panama formed the subject of a lecture read yesterday evening at the South Yarra Presbyterian Church, by the Rev. J. McKay, a late arrival from tho States. Mr McKay opened his paper with a description of the city of New York and New York society, from personal experience, throw ing in a spice of fun here and there which was highly relished by his hearers. Ha next gave an account of a voyage por ocean steamer from Now York to Pauaina, detailing tbo circum stances of the embarkation, and leading the audience with him all through tho varied in cidents of the trip. Panama was then noticed geographically and otherwise, and its rising importance pointed opt. The lecturer also took pains to give, in the most interesting form, the fruits of his observation in tho locality, and presented a considerable amount of information in the space he allotted to this part of ht3 subject. The Great Pacific Rail road was not forgotten, 'and, incidentally, Mr McKay gave a sketch of the extraordinary results of the Atlantic Telegraph. The au dience was tbin but appreciative, and a unani mous expression of their thanks was given at the closu of the. lecture. The proceedings com menced with singing and prayer. A Giiand Musical Farewell will be given this evening, in the Independent Congrega tional Clmrch, Collins- street, to Mr John Russell, the retiring organist, who is on the ovo of proceeding to the old country. The coac-.-rt is given by the numerous musical frienJs (professional and amateur) of Mr Russell, and tho use of the church and organ for i he occasion have been kindly granted by tbr Rev. Mr Henderson and the deacons. ? In or;!ar to remove some misunderstanding, tho hou. sec, Mr George Browne, requests us to si ito that the entertainment is. designed as a i: oognition of the long continued support -\iven by Mr Russell to the Melbourne Philhar monic Society, of which he wag ene of the founders and for many yearB the conductor. The solo vocalists will include Mosdames J. C. Ellis, Fox and Perraton, Misses Watson, Mortley and Lambert, Messrs C. Danaldsori, A. Ford, E. Exon, C. Blanchard jind S. Angus. The conductors and ftccomjanyiats will bo Messrs C. Elsasser, Julius Herz, S. Kaye, David Leo, G. 11. G. Pringlo and J.. Summers. The programme consists of selections from the works of Handel, Haydn, Mendelssohn, &o.; There is every probability of the affair being a complete success, and Mr Russell deserves that it should bo so. Duurns' Indignation Meeting. — A meeting of members of the Ancient Order of Druids was held last evening at the Bull and Mouth Hotel, Bourke-street, to express sympathy with the Prinpe and record their feelings of horror and indignation at hiB attempted assassination. District president Bro. Body presided. Tho fol lowing resolutions were adopted : — Proposed by P.A. Bro. Barnard, seconded by Bro, J.Edwards, OX-M.L.A., ' That the brothers of the United Ancient Order of Druids in Victoria desire to express their horror and indignation at the dastardly attack recently mado upon H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh with a view of assassinating him.' Proposed by district secretary~A. Hum, seconded by vice-president Owen, ' That an address of congratulation on the recovery of his Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh be immediately forwarded to her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria.' Proposed by Bra. E wing.D.T., seconded by Bro. Henderson, P.P., 'That the brothers of the United Ancient Order of Druids pledge themselves as loyal subjects to support tha throne of Great Britain und the laws of. the country.' Proposed by brother Barnard, seconded by brother A, Hunt. 'That n copy of the foregoinjy resolutions be signed by the chairman of t'uis meatin', and forwarded' to H.R.H. Prince Alfred.' °After the singing of th* :- National Anthem, and ;hree cheers for the Q.uaen and tho Duke of Edinburgh, the meeting broke up. 