.BAIRNSDALE. (rao? oua owN COERESPO0DENT.) 2nd December. The Warden gave his decision yester day in the various actions which had been instituted against James M'Dairmid, of Boggy Creek, his ruling in all cases being equivalent to a non-suit. Fresh proceedings were, however, immediately afterwards initiated in another form, and summonses were issued for the 11th inst. The dispute bids fair to equal the great Wulhalla case, and speaks largely in favor of the value of our alluvial diggings. Still it would be much better if all parties renounced the law; settled their dif ferenes among themselves, and went peaceably and energetically to work to take the gold out of the ground. It is a pity to have the area occupied by a pros pecting claim lying idle, especially when its value is so well known, and it is a greater pity that these unseemly squab bles rhould arise, not among mates and acquaintances, but among relatives, to mar the progress and prosperity of our gold-fields, as yet but partially and in. differently prospected. It appears that something stands in the way of the new flour mill, atlea t it is rumored that the plan will not be carried out after all. I would not vouch for the truth of this rumor, but it would be as well if the gentleman who first mooted the scheme would settle definitely what he intends doing. By so doing he would prevent another party from entering the field. The oresent.pre j..ctor is suppose4 1nt?ow best wihat uits tile dlstrsc* ann' it ould bo a matter for regret if he were to relinquish the scheme. There need be' no apprehension however, in the minds of the public about the erection of a flour mill within a- reasonable time, now that the subject has been freely discussed. It is well known that the project will be a remunerative one, and that whoever opens the mill first a ill not he long without obtaining a return for his out lay. There is already some talk of a company being formed of farmers and other residents of the district, to carry out the mill project on the co-operative system. Tenders are to be accepted to-day for the erection of a telegraph line from Sale to B.iirnsdale, and the probability is that a Melbourne man will get the contract. In fact local contractors had no chance of competing, owing to their inability to ob. tain the desired information. It would be as well if the Shire Council would re. quest the Government that in future specifications for works to be done in the district be exhilited within the district at the police office. It is unfair towards the people of Bairnsdale to compel them to travel 50 miles to lock at a specifica. tion. To day the Shire Council proceed to elect an officer who will have multifarious duties to perform-duties ranging from the B, S. C. D. I. upwards. As an incentive to the people of Bairns. dale the Gippsland Steam Navigation Company have again raised the rate of freight on bark. They now ask' the modest sum of £2 10s. per ton on bundle bark from here to Melbourne, about as much as would convey it from Melbourne to England- rather a heavy tax upon the strippers. All engaged in the trade are in consequence of :the increased charge for back loading looking anxiously for the new schooner company to start, and many will hold back their stock from the market until the freight is reduced to something like a reasonable figure. George Robinson, accused of abduct ing a young girl under fourteen years of age, at Ballarat, has been brought before the police court-and remanded. It is stated that Sundown, one of the aboriginal cricketers, has returned from' England, being unable to stand the cold climate, and on Sunday night was at Ballarat, ean route to his old quarters at Lake Wallace. The following ghost story comes from New South 'Wales, aind it is not the first of the kind that has been told in-that colony. If a discovery of a murder should shortly be made in' the neighborhood of the spirit's locale, oiir young friends, the " Cursecy. Lasses ". and " Cornstalks," will no doubt become devout believers in the authentic character of the apparation : -" A report is current (observes the Nelwcastle Chronicle) that the apparition of a woman clothed in white has recently been seen on the Breakwater Beach. The object, it is said, makes its appeasance between the hours of nine and twelve at night, and has been- witnessed by a num ber of people from the hill. In one or two instances the spectators have des. cended the cliff, and gone close up to where the ' ghost' was last noticed, but, as is usually the case with ghosts, nothing whatever was to be soon. If the ghost is really a female, we hope that in future she will keep better hours." " The last and a previous number of the Gover-ntnct Gazette," remarks the Argus, " have contained long lists of allotments, selected under the Amending Land Act, wrhich have been forfeited for thie non- payment of rent. The extent of these forfeitures must be a sore puzzle to devout believers in Mr Grant's act. In July, 66 allotments, containing 13,699 acres, were forfeited; in August, 89 allot. ments, of 18,405 acros; in September, 129 allotments, containing 15,968 acres; and in October, 868 allotments, con taining 58,874 acres. Thus, the number of allotments forfeited in these four months for non-payment of rent was 652. and their total area 106,909 acres. Taken in connection with a statement made by Mr. M'Culloch in August, in the course of his budget speech, these facts show that not only has all extension of settle. ment under AIr. Grant's act become im possible, but for tiedrly three years the forfeitures hare exceeded the selections, and that settlement under the neact is get. - ting loss and less every year. Taking the figures mentioned by Mr IfCulloch on the occasion mentioned, we find that from January, 1866, to the end of June of the present year, 880,217 acres were selected under the act. The forfeitures, acceding to the same authority, amnounted, in 1866, to 230,067 acres; in 1867. to 866,801; and to the 30th June, 1838, to 135.885 acres, The forfeitures thus amounted, to the date named, to 733,653 nlres. If we add to these the forfeitures sinco gazetted, we have a total of land forfeited, since the beginning of 18(16, of 840.052 acres. Nor does this large quantity include the land forfeited for non-t'ulfilnent of con ditious of lease since 30th June last. The selections under the act were stated by Mr M'Culloch to have amounted during 1866, 1867, and the half of 1868, to 833,217 acres. Whether any, or, if any, how much, land has beeoon selected since June we are not aware ; the fact, how. ever, of interest to the public is that from the beginning of 1866 up to the end of October last, the forfeitures amounted to 10,000 acros more than thebo entire saelee. tions from the first-named date totheend of June of the present year. 