CONGREGATIONAL* CONGREGATIONAL UNION OF NEW SOUTH WALES. Tee third General Assembly of ministers and -delegates of tee Congregational churches in the colony, -commenced its sittings on Monday evening, when a devotional meet ing was held in the Congregational Church, Pitt-street, on white occasion tee Rev* -J. G. Feaseb delivered thej fol lowing Addbess. Dear Christian Friends,— When I was asked to give 'a brief address in connection with our devotional meeting this evening, I felt almost inclined to refuse the duty. If in anything I had to say I had to assume the position, fif - him^'f , drtiic position olone^whowas speaking to those whose salvation was less than his own, I should certainlv not -have presumed te occupy ay present position. If eu- h a duty had hoen required I should have been found a hearer, not a speaker. But in what I have to say, no such object lies before me. \Vbat we are here to-night for is to ask the hlesein? of God tmon the meetings we are about to hold ; and all teat will be desired or expected of me will be to recapitulate some of the motives which should guide us in our Christian work, and especially in that which we arc about to begin. None will dispute that we have taken a proper course in coming together for prayer to God. It is one of tee besetting dangers of the day te the Church, derived from tee influence of the worldly spirit upon it, that we are apt to forget the power of prayer. We-eee the events that go on in the world. The secret channels through which tee Divine influence is . flowing into tee world are hid from ns. But they are all touched by prayer. The power upon which wc rely is pre-eminently the power of the Spirit of God. It is not by human might or power, but by the Spirit of the Lord, that His great work is to be done. ATiri the Spirit of tee Lord moves in ways teat we do not understand, flows through channels which our eyes cannot scan. The wind bloweth where it lieteth; we cannot tell whence it comclh or whither it goeth. And yet this is the -power of the Spirit of God, upon which we rely, and white effects clianges that are as lasting as eternity itself. The mightiest achievements of human art or industry or mind must crumble to dust. But what tee Spirit of tee Lord docs shall be lasting as eternity itseli And tee Spirit of God is promised in answer to prayer. He who told us most of tee Spirit — who told us that through Him it was to come — spoke of it especially in its connection with prayer. Would not His Father who was in Heaven 'give His Spirit to those who asked itf A r'* it was upon prayerful hearts that teo first mighty power of the Spirit in the new Dispensation was exerted. By prayer they were waiting to receive tee promised gifts ; and upon praying hearis those gifts came. And this has not been a solitary thing in the experience ef the Church of God. The mightiest effects that have been produced in teo world iu quickening the hearts end consciences of men have been produced by men of prayer— by men who opened their own hearts to receive the Holy Ghost, and who, through prayer, were powerful to do tne work of God. Sometimes instances occur that strike us, and we point to them as marvels showing the power that prayer has had. Perhaps some one rises up in the world to be a mighty instrument for doing the will of God, and through whom hundreds or thousands may be turned to life eternal, and we think of the prayers which, perhaps, a pious mother has uttered on his behalf whilst yet he himself was unconscious. Such instances, I say, sometimes occur. But if the whole of tee vast machinery of Providence were open to ub— if that way in which God moves, which now to ub is unsearchable, were open to our gaze,— how vastly would our thoughts of the power of prayer be enlarged. *\Vo should see that prayer was the great power which was moving this world— so far as that power can have a beginning upon this earth. 'We should see that it was prayer that was winning the fight ; that? though men might look only upon the strife of tee comuatants, the true source of victory was to bo seen in the uplifted hands and praying hearts. In the work that we nave to do for tee service of Christ we ought to kcepbefore us all tee great objects which the work contem plates. However various tee machinery employed maybe, however manifold the gifts teat are.bestowed upon men, they ali point, wo may say, to one great purpose. If we have to mark it out more specially, we should say there were two great ends : these are tee conversion of souls and the edification of believers. No matter, I soy, what instrumental! lies we may be employ ing. Wo may be ' building churches, arranging tem poral matters in connection with them that reqiiie wisdom ; we may lie employing various instruments wlich God has placed in our hands for good ; there may be mar vellous diversity of gifts in tee work of the Church ; f-ut all are for these great ends — the conversion of souls to eternal life, and tbe edification of those who have believed through grace. It is well for us to remember in all our work that these are our aims* In working for God, let us do nothing that is inconsistent with these great ends placed before us. Whatsoever we do in any matter of church organisation, which is inconsistent with these great ends, which docs not lend to the conversion of souls and the edific&tioB; of believers, directly or indirectly, is waste, and worse tlan waste. We have to remember, too, tee revjew under which all our actions arc to psjss. Human judgment is active enough concealing us. All the dissensions of the Christian Church ftro sure to be pointed out. There are those who oro vpy quick to discern what is wrong, though possessing po better spirit themselves. But it is a small matter th&tpe; should be judged of man's judgment If we could ccm mand (he unanimous approval of tee world ; if all woild applaud our conduct ana admire the spirit in which we ^ct, and wonder at tee success wo achieved, it would baas nothing. Ho who judgeth us is tho Lord. Under lis review all our acts a nd words must pass. If there be aijr thing in them (hat is faulty, though He may overrule it for His own glory, it will assuredly not be built into Jia temple— He will not ha ye in that building any stone tUt has been debosed. l?vcry man's work aiUBt bo tried, and what is human and wrobg f I 1 u.Ufct be rejected. For nges it may j-awj jmchal- | [enged for ogea it may win the adurifttUou of- - tbe world. But if there be anything in it that fa false or hollow, God will not have it. The man himself uiay be acctpUd in ao far as his desire was sincere; but in his woia, no matter what that work may be, he suffers loss. We must Ttmcmbtr, then, the great Eyu under which all our proceedings are to pass. They arc all to pasi under the sokmn review of God. There everything that is false and ut worthy will be tried, and only that which is done in simple dependence upon God's will, and for the love of his kingdom, will remain, I have said that even this world tries much of our work. How much tbat man has tried to do has been undone. All time is trying the work of the Christian Church. The present as well as the post is a time of trial. God is shaking those thiDgs teat can be shaken, that those things which cannot be shaken may remain. And even sow our work is passing under this test. Bat beyond ell (his a far more solemn test will be applied, when tee gloirof God shall be revealed in its fullest majesty, and when only that shall appear which la without spot or wrinkle or any such thing. As regards tee motive by which we are to be influenced chiefly for onr work for tee Kingdom of Godt wo know what it is teat i'b most powerful to influence tee individual Christian life. 'What is it teat is our greatest and strongest defence from sin? 'What motive is most powerful to keep tee devout aad believing heart from offending God? It is this: That it was sin that crucified tho Lamb of God ; that sin is an t outrage upon the Saviour's love and compassion. In His mercy towards us He has placed His own blood between us and sin. To us He is in effect saying : If you will sin you trample under foot My blood and open^ M.y wounds afrefh that you may do it. And these motives move _ to Christian obedience. How shall we do that which crucifies the Lord and opens His wounds afresh. And this, too, is tee motive uhich jb most powerful to make us consecrate all our energies to his service. 'We are not our own, we are bought with a price. For ub His precious blood was shed. We ere no longer our own therefore, but His who loved ub and died for us. By this claim of love which is made upon us we feel ourselves^ bound to glorify God in our bodies and spirits which are His. Now just as it is in tee individual Christian life, that in tbe sacrifice of Christ for us we have our strongest defence against sin — that in it we have our strongest motive to active obtdience and duty to serve Him — as it is this that most clearly reveals the value and the excellence of what is right — so is it in regara to uie i-uribuuu vuureu. It is only when wo contemplate the sacrifice of Christ that wc can really undi rstand the spirit which ought to cha racterise our Christian work. When Paul was addressing the ciders and bishops of tee Christian Church, ho told them to feed tee Church of God, which Christ had pur chased with his own blood. And in this doubtless he was shoving to them of what nature their work was to be. Tiny were to work for a Church that had been bought by the preriouB blood of Christ. In all that they were to do they were to have the spirit of Christ with them — his self- denying spirit, that tliey might not attempt to exalt themselves or lord it over the Church for which Ho gave Himself a ranson. 'Whatsoever was inconsistent with the spirit of His sacrifice, was unfit for the work of edifying His Church. And this should be our guide and principle in all that we hove to do. Our Lord has taught us that eminence in tec kingdom of God oomes from participation in the vciy spirit of His sacrifice. He has told us that those are not great in tee kingdom of God who exalt them selves ; but teat those are great who are the servants of all, even as the Son of Man came not to be ministered unto but to minister, and to lay down his life a ransom for many. Let us strive, therefore, to have the Spirit of phrist in our woik, remembering teat the Church is His inheritance — that He has ciea fcr it. Let us seek to promote that object which is dearest to His heart. Let us seek -in holy fellowship with Him to serve Him, and to be found faithful 8b those who - are witnesses to men for Christ tee Lord. Let nothing be found in our spirit that is hostile to His ; but let ua in honour prefer one another, seeking to serve 'all, seeking to carry on Christ's own great work. Let us «eek that all that we may do for Christ may be done in tee spirit of Christ. (Jur hopes and anticipations look far beyond what we see around us now. It is almost terrible to contemplate tee difficulties with which tee Christian Church has to cope — terrible eo long as we look only upon ourselves and forget tee Power that is within us. 'Not terrible when we think that He who is for us is stronger than all that can be against us. 'We think of the vice that abounds, how men's hearts lie in the fortress of superstition. We think how few, comparatively, hear the message of God's mercy, how few even of those who hear obey it from the heart. And all this is terrible so long as we consider it in itself, but not overwhelming. And it is not until we think of the power that is for us, 1 what it can -effect, that we -can take hone and courage. It is not until then that we are able to go on as able soldiers, as those who do not fear a defeat, but who know the victory is sure. May it be ours to overcome through the blood of tee Lamb ; and when God shows to his people what has been the great purposes of His Church on earth may -we be found among those who praise him 'for His mercy end for Hia redeeming grace. Great as our difficul ties, end many as our temptations, yet it is our privilege to know teat in tee service of God is tee true honour. The true honour of Heaven is tee true honour of earth— to serve the Lord. Wonders might be revealed to us by God's redeemed people above that would so amaze us, teat like tee Apocalyptic seer we may be ready to fell down and worship before one wuld show us such rejjuSS'^ 1 ffiiu^xny^ielfov? servant.' Sav jfi°be oura to feel this fellowship with all who serve God— to know that we are engaged in tee work of the living God — teat we ore engaging the energies and powers of tee highest Arch angel, and in this power may we content ourselves. Though our labour may pass unnoticed by men, let us look for that Divine smile which is better than man's deceitful favour ; and in looking towards God may we, in utter reliance on His will, be able to do His work. I am sensible that in what I. have said I have only put forward a few ef tee in ducements which would cause us to work for Him who died for us. That (his may come home to our hearts, we need the baptism of the Holy Spirit. May that Spirit teach us the value of salvation for ourselves, tbat we may seek to extend it to others ; and may it make us more and mere de termined that in our march heavenward we will not go alone, but bring others with us, seeking to bring them to tee true and living way. Tuesday. After tec reading of a portion of Scripture, singing, and prayer, tee Rev. W. Slaty er vacated tee .chair, which was thtrcupon taken by tee Rev. S. C. Kent, tee elected chair man for the ensuing year. The Chailman briefly returned thanks for tee honour which the Assembly had conferred upon liim ia electing him as (heir chairmen. Mr. R. Nott, tee lay secrcUty, read over tee members' roll. The Rev. G. G. Howden teen moved, — 'That the thanks of (his Assembly be given to the retiring chairman, for his efficient services as chairman during the past year.' The Rev. T. S. Foksaite seconded tee motion, which was put and carried unanimously. The Rev. W. Slatveb acknowledged, in suitable terms, the compliment which had been paid mm, and congratu lated the Assembly on their choice of chairman for the present year. The Rev. G. G. Howden then read tbe following report of the general committee : — ' Tour committee, In presenting you with areport of their pro ceedings during tbe past year, would own with much gratitude that the several churches of our order have duriog the year re ceived continual tokens of the Divine presence and favour, and tbat we are permitted to meet together at this time in peace and prosperity. 41 On January last, our esteemed brother, the Rev. J. E Vetch, left our shores for England. While regretting the loss which our churches have thus sustained, we cannot but express our thank fulness at having in bis place ODe so able and 60 willing to help in the work of the Church &e; the Rev. T. 6. Forsaith. «' According to a resolution passed at your last Octobcrmceting, your secretaries convened a meeting of pastors and deacons, ut fiourke-strcct Church, to confer on the most suitable method for conducting public worship. A report of this meeting, with a draft of tbc order of service then recommended, was presented at ihe April session of tbe Union. 41 In tbe course of the year the foUowiog dddresses have been presented by your committee To 6ir John Young, on tbe occa siou or his departure from the colony; to H. R. H. Prince Alfred, on his arrival in New South Wales; and again, to his Royal Highness, on his recovery after tbc attempt to take his life. '' Your committee would also report that. In accordance with tbe spirit of a resolution passed at the April meetings, the Con gregational churches of the colony devoutly observed the day set apart for thanksgiving to God for the recovery of tbc Prinoe. 41 Your committee have further to report, that the several churches have expressed willingness to place theTruet Deeds ef their church, school, and ether properties, where free from mortgage, in some central place for safe keeping, and your committee beg to recommend that a tintox with two separate locks be procured, and lodged in the iron safe of one of the banks, tbe key of one of the locks to be kept by the chairman of (he Union, ana of the other by one of tbe secretaries. 44 It may be remembered by those ministers and delegates who were present at the April session of the Union, that your committee were instructed to make arrangements for the publi cation of tbc Christian Witness or some other English Magazine, to be issued with an Australian cover, and with at least eight pages of Australian matter. Yr©ur committee before taking active steps in the matter considered it advie&ble; to correspond with friends in Victoria respecting the results of the publication of a similar magazine in that colony. The reply being satisfactory, your committee beg to suggest that an editor or editors be appointed for the management of such a magazine; and that at least £50 be subscribed as a preliminary fund to guarantee expenses, before the magazine be commenced. 44 In accordance with instructions given to your committee at the meetings held in April, n conference was arranged for between the committee of the Home Missionary Society, and the com mittee of .the Union, to consider what alterations in the rules of the Home Missionary Society could be suggested, that the sympathy and aid of all tbe churches might be secured. As a result of this conference the committee of the Home Missionary Society have revised their roles, and at another conference more recently held between this committee and tbe ministers of tbc city and suburban churches, the proposed alterations were pre sented and received unanimous approval, and will accordingly be submitted to the public meeting, to be held on tbe 21st Instant. 41 Your committee b&ve; also to report that applications have been received from the Department of Lands for the names of trustees for several independent burial grounds. One name for ground at South Head, and three names for each of grants of land made for Doiubala, Bui i, Goulburn, Gundaroo, and W&rat;&h.; 4- In accordance with these applications Mr. Randolph Nott wqb oppolntod trustee for the land at South Head ; for thoBC grounds near to which are Congregational churctaee, tbe appoint ment is left to such Churches ; and for those grounds near to which ere no Congregational churches, Messrs. J. Mullens, J. R. Fairfax and Dr. Jo&ea; bare. been nominated, to hold offloc until such time es churches shall Ife founded In these plaoes, when local appointments will be made. - ' On July 17th, a letter was received by your oommltteo from the Rev. 8. Humphries, tendering bis resignation as a member of the Union. It having come to the knowledge of your committee that Mr. Humphries was applying for admission to the Presby terian Church, and purposed taking with him the ohurch properties £ ?. 'a* In RilrwUcfct bi.d Itauny, it «os decided to «l- fer occcpuug his rrt- lgmition, and that the chairman, the Rev. W. Slatjvr, muui-i fuvord a letttr to the Moderator -it the Ocncral A«Htm mv. pro tcrtii a opuiiifrt tho proposed itarifor' f property, the money ror tbc st-me having born mbserlbrd under the iaiprcsswn umt ino building* ore cud for Congregational purposes. ? § '??In cloFicp thiB report, ysur committee ewncBily tru* *nai yeurdi liberations -through the present sosdon may n« so o-s er- mlcd for coed by tbe Great H-ad tbc Church, Ilia, thron/a the cniing year we msv ever exhibit Jncrco«ed carnuttoev), di votion. and unity of spirit, and that wc may thui, by our good wrrkp, glorify our Father which is in Heaven.' Mr. John Faiiifax, treasurer, read the balance sheot, which showed a balance of £2C 6fl. 10d. in favour ol the The Rev. T. Bobeby moved the adoption of the com mittee's report, and the treasurer's balance sheet* The motion wus seconded by the Rev. Mr. Wilson. Gone little discussion teen took place with regard to that portion «f (he report having reference to the removal of the Rev. 6. Humphries. The further consideration of the quest ion was postponed until Thursday afternoon. T he motion for the adoption of tee report, &c.;, wob tnen put end carried. ? ? ? The Rev. R.Hillb moved, ' That the following ministers and gentlemen be the officers and committee for the ensuing year: — Secretaries: the Rev. G. G. Howden, and Mr. R. Nott: treasurer, Mr. R. G. Reading; committee, the Rev. John Graham, tbe Rev. T. Johnson, the Rev. T. 8. Forsaith, the Rev. T. Ro&eby;, Mr. A. Gamin, Mr. J. Mullens, Mr. J, Fairfax, and Mr. John Thompson.' The motion was seconded by tee Rev. T. Pepper, ana It was then moved by tee Rev, John Graham, seconded by tee Rev. C. HABDiE.and unanimously agreed to,— ' Tbat the Rev. Thomas Johnson be respectfully invited to be chairman of the Congregational Union of New South Wales, for the year commencing October, 1869.' Tbc Secretary read a letter addressed to the Union by the Council of the New South Wales Political Association for the Suppression of Intemperance, which invited the co-opcration of the Union in tne efforts to obtain the pass ing of a bill through Parliament to reBtrict the number of public-houses, and respectfully suggesting the adoption by the Union of a petition to the Legislature in favour of such bfll. The letter was received. Mr. J. Fairfax moved,—' That notice of the appoint ment of the Rev. 6. C. Kent, as chairman of the Con gregational Union of New South Wales, bo sent to the Rieht Hon. the Earl of Belmore, Governor of the colony, Ihrough bis Excellency's private secretary ; and that it be respectfully intimated to Captain Bereaford, that on the Queen's birthday tee cards of entree were not received by tee Rev. W. Slatyer, the then chairman, until 9 o'clock on the morning of the same day ; it then being too late to summon the ministers to be present and pay their loyal respects to her Majesty the Queen, and to Lord Belmore as her Majesty's repre sentative.' ... , The Rev. John Graham seconded the motion, which after Ef me discussion, was carried unanimously. It waa moved by Mr. J. Fairfax, seconded by tee Rev. J. Graham, and carried,— ' That the following gentlemen be appointed to consider tee expediency of establishing a provident and superannuation fund for ministers ' and the widows of ministers connected with the Congregational Union of New South 'Wales: — the Rev. S. C. Kent, Mr. R. Nott, Mr. J. Fairfax* tee Rev. J. West, Mr. A. GaiTan, Mr. R. G. Reading, Mr. J. Mullens, and Mr. J. W. Green ; and that they be requested to bring up a report thereon at tee April meeting of tee Union.' . Alter some discussion with regard to the nomination of officers and committee for tee Assembly, it waa moved by the Rev. W. Slatyer, seconded by Mr. W. Snnth, and carried, ' That it be an Instruction to the secretaries to re quest tee return of the names of the delegates from the different churches before the 10th day of September in each year, and transmit a list of sute names to tee pastors of the aforesaid churches, to enable them to nominate officers and committee therefrom.' A discussion then arose with regard to tee difficulties experienced by members of tec Congregational churches, especially in the country districts, in disposing of their dead. It was pointed out that in many townships no burial place was specially set apart for the denomination, and that consequently (he burial grounds of other denominations had to be used, for which ex orbitant fees were frequently charged. It was thereupon moved by Mr. A. Garran, seconded ^ by the Rev. ft. Hills, and carried, — 41 That in the opinion of this Union, all cemeteries should be public, and under public regulation. That it be referred to the committee to memorialise the Government to establish a public and un eecterian burial-place in connection with every township.' A vote of teptfefi baring been passed to the treasurer for the past year, tee Assembly adjourned until half-past 7 o'clock in the evening, when a public meeting was held in tee Fitt-Btreet church. There was a numerous attendance. After singing, reading a portion of Scripture, and prayer, the Chairman (the Rev. S. C. Kent) delivered tee annual address, as follows:— Fatbebs and Bmthben, — Duties are ours, events ate God's. Tbe future is veiled from us iu mercy. Wc know not what shall be on the morrow. When you did me the honour to elect me to this chair I should most resolutely have declined to undertake its responsibilities could I have foreseen the sorrows that awaited me; the loss I was about to sustain ; the long ministerial silence to be imposed upon me: and tbat I should be called myself to tread cm the very verge of toe grave as well as to deposit therein tbe remains of my beloved wife and child. I trust my affliction has taught me tbe sustaining coweror mvijie gmc. **-*?—'-». ??-*'? jna WitifeSBtfc/MJifl^,:fl^^ltet^5eft»r1nofffijraktojpou £-bibu*. Net that I am equal to the task before me, but that 1 have proved you to be possesssed, in an eminent degree, of that charity which suffers long, and is kind, and which covers a multitude of faults. ?On an occatAon like the nresent we can aeareelv fail to look back to tbe great gatherings of our brethren in the Union meetings of the fetberlsud : meetings in which some of us have once and again been painfully and beneficially impressed with. our own insignificance and inf- riority. At home (for we must still call tbe dear old country, home) we were accustomed to worship iu buildings where our fathers and cur fathers' fathera bad worshipped before us, and to minister in pulpits where some of the worthies of the ever memorable ye&r; 1662 first asserted their own freedom and laid, broad and deep, the foundations on which our religious privileges are built. Here everything is tew. Within the memory of many living men the first stone of tbe first Congregational Church was laid. Most of us bavehad to superintend the erection of the buildings we use. Numerically we are a feeble folk. The Episcopations, -Fres- byteri&ns;, end 'tt'cslejans were in this field long before us, and greatly excel us in the number, influence, and wealth of their adfceccnte. Undoubtedly we have duties in relation to the ever increasing population e round us— duties, the magnitude of which we have not measured, much less discharged; but we are not exclusively nor mainly mponeible,for the spread of the Goepel iu this colony. In proportion to our numbers, intelligence, wealth, and opportunities we are answerable, but only in such propor tion. These who, in every eense, are stronger than we, and *ho for many years bad fro# access to the 6tate treasury, have no right to 'reflect upon the smstiness of our doings. We rejoice exceedingly iu the great advances which have been made of late Jears by tbe Churcbe6 of other denominations. When we abourcd to deprive them of State-aid they thought we meant them mischief, but they are beginning to find thatwc ought to be numbered with their best friends. Moreover, they now are work ing the Voluntary principle with an earnestness, zeal, and success which should cause u& to look to our laurels. Not that we envy them or wish they should prosper less— for thtir success is our success— but we take shame to Ourselves thatwc do not more worthily practise the lesson which it iew&s; our privilege to teach. On aa occasion like tbe present, especially in a land in which tbe battle against State-aid to religion has been fought and won, it might not be thought inappropriate if your chairman directed your gaze towards the great ecclesiastical conflicts now waging in the old countries. We should be unworthy of our sires if, as mere uninterested spectators, we could look on while tee contest respecting religious endowments in Ireland continues. We have confidence as to tbe ferae, however long may be the struggle— ' Freedom's battle once begun, Bequeath'd from bleeding sire to son, Though baffled oft, Is ever won. While with our hearts we pray that Mr. Gladstone may suc ceed in the wotk he has undertaken, we are Protestants preoared to stand for Protestant truth. We believe that the Episcopal Church will be stronger, better, wiser, and more powerful than ever, and that the green bills of old Ireland will again resound with tee pure Gospel of Christ. We are not animated in this matter by political partisanship, by jealousy, or by aay narrow minded envy towards other and kindred Churches. Most cer tainly we are not animated by any lack of zeal for Protestantism, At nucha time as this your attention might suitably be called to those indications of M The Church of tbe Future,' respecting which lhat noble man, the Bev. Thomas Binney, so eloquently wrote in a work we rejoice to claim as an Australian production. Tbe events connected with the receBt Centenary Anniversary of Chcthunt College we look upon as among the signs of the times. We read with admiration and delight the manly, brotherly words of that earnest scholar the Dean of Canterbury, and that devoted Christian Archdeacon Sandford. We cannot but be glad that one whom we love so much, as we do, our valued friend Mr. Binney was the preacher on that occasion. Had these digni taries of the Episcopal Church come out of their way to patron fee us we should have considered the circumstance unworthy of note. But seeing they name as brethren, recognising our ministers as true ministers of Christ, and our Churches as true t hurchcs, we r- joice for their sakes as well as for our own. Referring to the events of which we speak, Dean Alford has since written to tbe Guardian ' There seems to be some little misapprehension respecting my 4 platform ' of action, which, if suffered to continue, might hinder the object 1 have in view. Ti at object is the frank recognition of the Christian bodies around us as Churches of Christ, without any compromise of doctrine, and with no ulterior views. As to tee former, com promise of doctrine, I claim to be, as to every Church dootrine, unchanged by 4 fraternisation' with those who differ from us. And they, on their part, stand on the same ground. On the firm maintenance of this principle all true recognition and union de Sind. Whether they omit in their worship an article of the creed i no matter of mine, They love and serve the Lord Jesus Christ ; they are my brethren; I believe the time has come when I am bound to show that I rcgatd them as such. And &s; to the latter point —abandonment of ulterior views respecting them— I have no hesi tation in saying that, as I do not expect, so neither do I wish for, any reabsorpuon of Nonconformist# into the Church ol Eagl&ud.; I bi-licve it would ho tbe worst thing possible both for ourselves and for tbim, Wc are to be 4 Not unwise, but understanding what tbc will of tee Lord fe.* And to my mind. His will ba# been unmistakably manifested in tbe free expansion of the Christian comckncc as now found among us. It is our duty not to fight againat His Providence ; not to attempt to work our way back to & uniformity which has utterly gone by ; but to surrender our miserable jealousies; to aecept, bravely and frankly, tbe state of things in which Godhas placed us ; to walk in the kingdom of God, aud to tbe bouse or God, and in society before the world, hand in hand with our Nonconformist brethren. Tbue only shall we of the Church ef England be making safe and wise preparation for the day which must 60on come upon her. Wcmay. if we please, lower ourselves, by exclusiveness and un cbaiitablcncss, so as to become in that day a mere sect among aecia ; but we may also, and I hope we shall, so lift in our esteem our Christian Brethren around us as to find ourselves, when de prived of the aid of tbe State, & Church among Churches.' After euch words from such a man I do cot think you will bo of opinion that 1 have given undue prominence to the circum stances connected with the Cheshunt Centenary Anniversary, 41 to which,' says Archdeacon Sandford, 44 Hook baek with delight, and hail as pregnant with important issues to the cause of Christ.' Iam tempted .to turn aside for a moment, before proceeding to the main topio of my addresB, to glance at a question nearer home th&u; either of those of which I have spoken. I wait further in formation before venturing to deliver an opinion with tbat deci sion and emphasis with wbioh I should like to apeak on such a sublet, butl may venture to say that I am greatly alarmed by that which I hear respecting tee manner m which natives of tbe South Sea Islands are decoyed from our mission stations ontl diuit with ia a uuehbouiing fcolonj. If some tlilngb whi.ii have been tolrt mc arc true, it is time that rciurd » utpcIvi-r thoroughly to inquite into this matter, Ab a Denomination we have a history in connection vhh Hi r* aiiti-riavrry agitation, both in -England and in tU United Stales, of which we tnajwellbe proud. Onr oauivrrds are 'Freedom of conaeicnoo' and ' Freedom of in mgu ' f(r 'Aery child oi Adam. We have not forgotten the milllADS ticiling England pall to secure the abolition of slavery in ber colonics snd dependencies. The toll has scarcely yet nbsoibcd tbe torrents of blood which flowed from -the wounds of nur brcO'K'ii in the States of America during the great conflict tiojn which tluy have but joet emerged. We are jealous of the liutrtioncf even the thiu end of the wedge; and surely it is belter 1o speak end, if necessary, to art now, than to. watt until we heboid rt-piatid in this hciniephere the enormities which in mhrr lands we have deplored and denounced. Onr neighbours in Queensland may poetiuly bid us to mind our own business. If so, wc reply, whatever affect# man's liberty, oiril or religious, it our busiciss. and wc intend to tuiod it. A:tbougb 1 am comparatively a young man, I am able to look back to & period in our religious histery when we had belonging to us in this city only the church in which I now spesk and the church at Rcdfern ; when our friends at Balmain were worship, ping in a lent, and onr friends on Surry RilU in a public-house ; anil when, excepting a small wooden structure between East and West Msillacd, wc bad scarcely another place of worship in the colony. Much hasbcen done within thelast fourteen yeara. This building has been greatly enlarged. In addition to our city churches, wc hove now eleven suburban places or worship,, and substantial buildings have been erected at Newcastle, Hairiand, Wollongong, Campbelltowu, andelsewhere. We have also brethren labouring at Gerringong, Murrurundi, Windsor, end Y'eung. In connection with several of our churches suitable school-rooms bare been built ; and from our college five young men have gone forth to tee work of the ministry, for which four others arc Deing prepared. What has been done, however, is as nothing in compuiison with what remaiOB to be accomplished. There iemucb land yet to be possessed. Scattered throughout wide country there are large numbere into whose dwellings a minister has never entered, and who from the beginning of the year to the end of the year never have the opportunity or attend ing a relieiouB service. While we bavehad odeaalon to deplore the removal by death of euch men as the Revs. Dr. Ross, Threlkeld, and Buzacott; while we have regretted to see men like the Revs. Meters. Beazlcy, Cuthbertson, Arnold, and \etch returning to the father-land, we have still a goodly band of labourers left, men whose services any section of Christ's Church might be glad to claim ; men whom any minister of Christ, on the ground of their talents, attainments, character, and worth, might be glad to own as brethren. And yet is there not room to aak notwithstanding our isroerec te wnuteeva aud a considerable amount of external prosperity, whether we have cause to be satisfied .with ourspintual condition ! The Gospel is preached earnestly, and in some cues eloquently 1 btc the results equal to what we might reasonably anticipate 1 Is there not occasion for us to inquire,— Is tne Lord among us or not!' Could we, as did the ATincBlTrttic seer, behold our risen and glorified Lord prizing in the midst of his Churches, should we not iear him eay— I have somewhat against thee i Listen to life loving voice, 41 1 know thy works, that thou hast a name that ihou livest and art dead. Be watchful, and strengthen tee things irhich remain, that are ready to die, for I have not found thy (corks perfect before God. 1 know thy works, that thou art neither cold nor hot. I would thou wert cold or hot.' Fossibly tbc bereavements which I have been called to ex perience and the affliction through which I have passed may have kd me to take a more sombre view of things than fact# justify* I would gladly believe that tbe dkease Is in my virion, and not in tbat on which I look. Should it be 60 1 am cure you will pardon me. God forbid lhat I should be the mouth-piece of the great Spirit of Eril, one of whose distinguishing titles is the Accuser of tbe Brethren. Is there lack of spirituality I I feel It in myielf. te there need (or greater warmth, and earnestness, ana zeall None need these more than I do. Are we wanting in consistency, and self- denial, and devotion! Truly, with tee poet, I may Bay «' Where falls this censure ! It overwhelms myself.' We greatly need on increase of piety in the members, power in tbe services, and fruit in the labours of our churches. Not long since, in one of my -visits to the country, I was startled by the statement of a brother minister— a man accustomed to weigh his words, and not rash with his mouth— to this effect^ that he believed very few, if any, of the members ol his Church were in. the habit of doily reading the Scriptures, excepting at family pi&ycr.; I was so eurpTised that I caused him to repeat the statement twice tbat I might be sure I heard aright, and that he might be induced to reconsider it« The Bible is far better bound than in tbe days of our fathers, Its covers are more beautifully wrought and its edges mora tastefully gilded. It is a book well adapted for purposes of display, but too good for common use . Light reading is emas culating the intellectual strength of thousands. The immense - popularity of trashy books ; the prevalence of a tainted and pol luting literature, the prominent incidents in which are seduction, murder, and abominable mysteries of iniquity, indicate, too surely, a lack of moral tone and meditative habit. It has been, said, perhaps somewhat too severely, ' The Churches teach the people to read and the Devil is finding the books.' Mr. Fairfax, in the interesting and touching lecture which he delivered in this place a few days ago, not without reason raised a warning voice against a tendency among our young people especially to seek their amusements night after night away from. home, and that sometimes in places and ways exceedingly questionable. Recrea tion is fast degenerating into dissipation. There has of late been, a disposition even in the anniversary meetings which have been held in connection with places of worship to introduce the ele ment of amusement, These things ought not so to be. No money that may eo be won for the treasury can compensate for the mischief which is done. The weapons of our warfare sure not carnal. We cannot successfully fight the Devil with hi# own weapons. He knows how to use them far better than we do. Have we not room also to fear that in many instances the differ- ence between those who are openly of the world and those- who professedly belong to the church is to be found in this, that the . former worship only one god, and the latter, notwithstanding the plain declaration, " Ye cannot serve God and mammon' try to worship two. Is it not true that In the hurry and bustle of colonial life, in the hot race after wealth, Christian character sadly deteriorates. There is that maketh himself rich, yet hath nothing. He that maketh haste to be rich shall not - be innocent. Have not many among us reason to exclaim, "Oh - that I were as in months past, as in the days when God preserved - me ? when His candle shined upon my head, and when by His light I walked through d&rknesE; ; as I was in the days of my youth, when tee secret of God was upon my tabernacle ; when tbe Almighty wa6 yet with me ? ' If there be any truth in the oft-quoted statement that the prayer meeting is tee thermometer by which the spiritual state of a Church may be ascertained, what must be the spiritual con- ? dilion of onr Churches ! Have we not hundreds ot members, S2L6SSf*S65BSS2SS^u°U^,1a:t,wyrft'5irif3Sny,ia,6H'fJt,!6i amusement and ih the house# of their friends, areseldom or never to be seen at any of our week- night service# ! Does not wickedness abound in our city end colony ? My valued friend and earnest ieuow-ianourer in ine irtspet, tne iter. R. Taylor, of fit. Stephen's, Newtown, told me the other day, that in one short street as many as seven drunkards resided, and that in one portion of tee district under bis charge, in three out of every four houses an habitual drunkard was to be found Tbe Bev. John Sbarpe, in 1866, prepared & statistical paper, ia which he Eays, 41 We hud at tbe beginning of the present year, one public-house to every thirty-three ana a qu&i; tor dwelling houses ; one public-house to every two hundred and one of the entire population ; or one such house to every one hundred and twenty-seven and a half of the population over 14 years of age.'. The population of our colony st the date of his paper, was 411,888 persons; of these 150,815 were under 14 years of age, leaving 260,543 persons over fourteen years. Taking the easterns' returns w# find these 260,513 person# consuming 757,505 gallons of liquor, besides the spirits fesuc-d from the Sugar Company, which are notincluded In this calculation.' Mr. Sharp© adds ' How much these 757,605 gallons will make when re duced and adulterated, ss large quantities of tbe spirits, &c.;, sold in public-bonces undoubtedly are, it may be impossible to say. Wc have been told by person# who profess to know something about the matter, that if we reokon twice the amount given is the Customs' returns we shall still be below the truth.' This would give about six gallons per annum to every person over fourteen years of age. A gentleman in the service ef the Government, who has an extensive acquaintance with tee interior ef our colony, and who is an esteemed and consistent member of the Church under my panorol care, a few months ago prepared a paper for my use, from which 1 will venture to make one or two brief quotations* He eays ' Among tee single shepherds, hut-keepers, fencers, shearerf, sheep-washers, and generally useful men on stations, oe well as among a migratory cIbes of farming-men, it is the rule for ' them to spend or ' spree ' their earnings in drink and debauchery, and the exception to savc them. Among tee causes which lead to this lamentable state of matters, he instances, the great number of public-houses. Not only, he says, is there now every ccnremence for spending money in drink throughout the colonies, but in most cases every inducement is held out to do so, and tbe temptations are so very strong and numerous tbat few working men can resist teem. In determining whether or not a public-heuee is to be erected in any of the bush or country districts the calculation is of course made as to whether It will pay, and in doing eo, there is little or nothing expected from the custom of travellers* Tbe principal question being as to tbe number of servants and workmen in the neighbourhood, and so certain is it that the men will spend their earnings teat public-houses are now thickly planted in every district, and frequently where none are required for tbc accommodation of travellers. One-half of these houses * could not exist were their owners to confine themselves to what is commonly termed fair and legitimate trade. The fact is, teat ? many of the inns in the bu6h are mere 41 epreeiag ' shops, where - the innkeepers do not care to see respectable customers. With such certainty do they count upon the workiog man's oheque that they epcak of him, when he leaves the district without spending: it, oe if he had committed an offence against the law, aad done them 80 unwarrantable injury. In not a few of these pl&ees; the most vile and poisonous drinks are retailed, and not seldom too, with a view of rendering thtir victims powerless in their bands. Indeed, it is a common occurrence for tee labouring man, oa going into a public-house of this description and taking a single glass of liquor, to remember no more until he finds himself in the " horrors" and his money all spent, or, at any rate, said to be so. The cheques tbat arc yearly spent in this way at even (so called) respectable homes, while their owners are in a state of thorough helplessness, may he reckoned by thousands, and their amount by - tens of thousands of pounds, while our infirmaries, hospitals, lunatic asylums, and gaols are flooded with the wictims of this most iniquitous system, under which publicans for days together supply drunken men, in a state of helplessness or madness, with strong spirits and, frequently, something worse ' In the valuable paper from which I quote, my friend refers to the want of clergymen, as well as to the presence of publicans, in accounting for the frightfully immoral condition of the inhabi tants of our bush. He says " In the bush there is a great lack of clergymen. They have as yet scarcely penetrated tbe outlying districts, such as the Darling, the Warrego, and the Paroo. In districts nearer Sydney, such, es the Lower Lachlan, Lower Bogan, the Narran, and Barwan, clergymen may perhaps be met with once or twice a year ; but if ' they do vieit these districts the visits must be very hurried ones, and must be of exceeding little advantage to tbc residents. Even in tec more settled districts clergymen are far from plentiful, and if they are too few In these districts to do much good among the working men, what possible advantage can the people who reside in the outlying districts derive from mere flying visits!' A few children may be baptised, some subscriptions may be obtained, and a great deal of hardship may be borne by toe clergymen who go these rounds; hut very little good is accom plished even among tbe proprietors of tbe plaoee at which the clergymen call, while the working men may, perhaps, just hear tbat a clergyman has visited tee station.' A deacon of one of our churches, and a delegate to thfeUnion,. not very long ago found himself on a station where the men had lost count of the days of the week, and were keeping Wednesday as Sunday, not by any religious service, but simply as a holiday. On one of my visits into the interior, on behalf of the BritUh and Foreign Bible 6ociety, he was told by a mioister of the Anglican Cburcb that in his travele he had come upon a family where the children had never so much &a; seea a clergyman. When he was requested to baptise them, one of the daughters, a fine;tall girl, escaped into the bush through fear of what might be done to her. The state of our own country Is such as to demand the most serious consideration. The amount of prostitution, even among very young girls in our city and throughout out land, is appal ling. For years I was in tho habit of reading the journals kept by the teachers in our Ragged Schools, and for some time I was Secretary of our Female Refuge, and tee facts which have come to my knowledge respecting the immorality prevailing in this country are so distressing, that I have sometimes been able only to find relief by striving to forget them: acting like the ostrich, which, when terrified by danger, is said to hide its head in the sand. Surely, 1 have said enough to convince even the most scep tical that we greatly need an improved state of things. Whether wc consider the lack of spirituality in the Church, or the abound lng wickedness in tho world, we cannot come to any other con clusion. The ministers of the several denominations are crowded together in our cities and towns, some very small places having more tbaa twice the number they require — an evil occuloncd 1a the first instance by the baneful system of indiscriminate State aid* while the scattered population of the btuh la almost entirely un cared for. Of Luther it was soldi when he preached, ' Each word of thine was as a thunderbolt ' Of Venn, we are told, when he preached, 'Men ft 11 before him like slaked lime.' Richard Baxter declared that he ' hud reason to believe that he never preached one sermon in vain.' How different ia it with as S Bow few are converted under our ministry! How feeble and ineffective are our labours ! Can wc have that which we need? God the Spirit can give it, Ged the Spirit has often roused the Churcb, and that In timet of peculiar decencae. He is still the same who, in past centuries, wrought wonders by Luther in Germany, by Zwinglc in German Switzerland, by Calvin in French Switzerland and in France, by .Knox in Scotland, at.d by the English reformers in the father land ; and in later years, by Whitfield and Wesley, and their devoted compacton?. Dlviogetou, a young min ister was privileged to preach a sermon in the Church of Shotts, near Glasgow, under which, accord ing to the testimony of John Crown, of Haddington, five hundred souls were converted. Ferhapa, since the days of the Apostles, no man ever preached with more power or more success ?than he aid on that occasion. Listen to his own quaint words ' ' 1 never preached one sermon which 1 would be earliest to See again in wrttc but two: the one was on ane Munday after the communion at Shoits, and the other on ane hi unday after the rofffwwuton ot Jlohjicood ; end both these times I had spent the whole night before in conference and prayer with some Christians, without any more than ordinary preparation; other xayes my gift was rather suited to simple common people, than to learned and judicious auditors.' Again, be says: — ' Earnest fhitb and prayer, a single almc at the glory of God and geod of people, a sanctified heart and carriage, ehBll availl much for right preaching. There is sometimes somewhat in preaching that cannot be nscribtd cither to the matter or expres sion, and cannot be described what it is, or from whence it ?cometh, but with a sweet violence it pierceth into the heart and affections, and comes immediately from the Lord. But if there be any way to attainc to such a tiling, it ie by a heavenly disposi tion of the speaker.' President Edwards, a man of calm, clear, rigorous, dispas sionate, end philoscpbic mind' has left behind him a statement^ entitled ' The Narrative of a Wotk of Grace in the Town of Northampton, in New England.' He had preached withferToar' and faithfulness, and, alone and also in company with eomei devotc-d Christians, had prayed earnestly for the Divine blessing, ( and now mark the result. He says ' Presently npon this, a great and earnest concern about the 4 great things of religion and the eternal world became universal in all parts of the town, and among persons of all degrees and all «ges. The nniie amongst the dry bones waxed louder and louder ; all other talk but about spiritual and eternal things was soon thrown by; all the conversation, in all companies and upon &U; occasions, was upon these things only, unless so much as was necessary for people carrying on their ordinary secular busi ness. * * * 41 There was scarcely a single person in the town, old or young, left unconcerned about the great things of the eternal 'world. Those w ho were wont to be the vainest and loosest, and those who had been most disposed to think and speak slightly of vital and experimental religion, were now generally subject to .great awakenings. And toe work of conversion was carried on in a most astonishing manner, and increased more and more; -eoulf did as it were come by flocks to Jesus Christ. * * ' Those amongst us who bed been formerly converted, were ?gTeatly enlivened, and renewed with fresh and extraordinary in comes of the Spirit of God, though some much more than others, 'according to the imeasure of the gift or Christ.' Many wfio before had laboured under difficulties about their own state, had now their doubt6 removed by more satisfying experience, and more clear discoveries of God's love. ' The work in this tows, and some others abont us, has been extraordinary on account of the universality of it, affecting all ?sorts, sober and vicious, high and low, rich and poor, wise and unwise. It reached the most considerable families and persona, to all appearance, as much as others. * * A loose careless person could scarcely he found in the whole neighbourhood ; and if there was any cne that seemed to remain senseless or unconcerned, It would be spoken of as a strange thing.' This work was not confined to that one place, but spread from town to town throughout New England. [The rev. gentleman then read a number of facts in connection with the various religious Revirale which had taken place in New Tork and other parts of the States ; and also extracts from eye witnesses as to the religlaus movements which had been witnessed in 1858 and 1859 in Ireland. He also combated the opinion of those who treated Revivals with disfavour,] Are not the Acts of the Apostles rich with revival records ? *Was there not a mighty revival of religion when John the Baptist preached in the wilderness of Judea, and when there went oat to him Jerusalem, and all Judea, and all the region round about Jordan, and were baptized of him is Jordan, confessing their sine? Was there not a mighty revival of religion when Elijah, in whose spirit end power John Baptist came, confronting the priests of Baal, ridiculed idolatry and proved the presence and power of Jehovah, while all the people fell around him and cried, '' The Lord He is the God; the Lord Be is the God !' Was there mot a mighty revival of religion when Ezra gathered a great .meeting in Jerusalem, when he confessed the sin of the people, weeping and. casting himself down before the house of God, and when all the people, saturated by the great rain which fell, est trembling in the street and answered with a loud voice, ' As thou haat said so muEt we do?' And going back further etill, was there not a mighty revival of religion in the fifteenth year of the reign of Asa, when be gathered all' Judah and Benjamin, and the -strangers with them out of Ephraim and Manasseb, and out of Simeon, and when they entered into a covenant to seek the Lord God of their fathers with all their heart and all their soul, and swore unto the Lord, and all Judah rejoiced at the oath ; fat they had sworn with all their heart, and sought Him with their whole desire ; and He was found of them : and the Lord gave than rest -round about. The Scriptures abound with exceeding great and precious promises in which God engages to shed forth spiritual .influences and to give the Holy Ghost to them that ask him, and all experience proves that He is the hearer and answerer of prayer. If our fleece is dry as that of Gideon, it us not that God arbitrarily withholds the dew of His grace, but that we restrain prayer before him. Had we all the money and all the men we could desire ; were the machinery through which we seek to work the most nicely balanced and adjusted, we should labour in vain, and spend our strength for nought without the epecial presence and blessing of the Spirit of God. I know we need more money and more men, hut even with the money and the men we now have ' How should one chase a thousand, and two put ten thousand to flight, except their Bock had sold them, and the Lord had shut them up I' I am not vainly curious about the philosophy of prayer. Many things which are above reason are not contrary to reason, but in full harmony with the highest reason. The Bible plainly teaches that God is accessible to man, and that he is pleased to be in fluenced by prayer. Facts bear out and establish the truth of tbi6 teaching. It is enough for me to know that God means what he says, and that it is His will that His people, who are beauti fully designated ' the Lord's remembrancers,' should earnestly and continually pray before Him. 'Te that are the Lord's re membrancers, keep not silence, and give Him no rest, till he establish, and till he make Jerusalem a praise in the earth.' It is a matter of fact that God answers prayer, consequently do lice of argument is needed to establish ir, and no objections, even were they much moTe cogent than any I have ever met with, can disprove that which is attested by those who, in all ages and countries, havetried the power of prayer. Many important facts in j^stronomy, and geology, and natural science have been proclaimed and believed after having been verified by the actual observation of not more than twenty men. We do not ask such an easy faith. Our witnesses may be wanted by millions, and are scattered over wide realms and through long ages, and moreover there is no one who may not become an observer himself, if he will take the position, cherish the spirit, end obey the directions which the Bible enjoins. If prayer is useless because it cannot change the Divine pur pose, then are all means to obtain any end useless. God's unchang. mg system is inclusive of the means ss well as of the ends ; of the ploughing and sowing aa writ as of the crop ; of the rain and the sunshine as well as of the growth ; of the asking as well as of the giving. It is according to His pleasure and plan that humble, faithful prayer should be heard, accepted, and answered. Prayer Is the foreiuunerof mercy. When the prophet foretold the time of the end of the captivity be also predicted, ' Then shall ye call upon me, and ye shall go and pray unto me, and I will hearken unto you.' Respecting the glory of the latter days it is written, the Lord will he inquired of by the house of Israel to do It for tbem. The God of the Scriptures is tbe God of to-day ; as acces sible tow as ever, working aa mightily, redeeming as gloriously. -Numerous instances of definite answers to prayer, such as those reported in the cases of Stilling, Franke, George Mailer, and others, are continually brought to our knowledge. God is still the living God, and can and doeshear and help those who believe that He «a, and that He is the rewarder of them that diligently ?seek Him. He is the living God, and not merely the God of past history. Our religion is not a mere tradition but a grace of God unto salvation, operative now. God is able and willing to be to us what he was to tbe Church in the days of her primitive grace. The connection between prayer and the revival of the power ' of religion is further attested by the lamented and beloved Rev. Robert M'Cheyne. He says, speaking of the wonderful revival which began in Dundee during his absence in Asia : — ' As to the ? extent of this work of God, I believe it is impossible to speak de cidedly. The parish is situated in the suburbs of a city contain ing 60,0u0 inhabitants. The work extended to individuals re siding in all quarters of tbe town, and belonging to all ranks and denominations of tbe people. Many hundreds, under deep con ' cern for their souls, have come from first to last to converse with the ministers ; so that I am deeply persuaded the number of those who have received saving benefit is greater than any one will know till the judgment day. . . I have always tried to mark down tbe circumstances of each awakened soul 'that has applied to me, and the number of them, from first to last, has been very great. Daring the summer of 1889, not fewer than from six to seven hundred came to converse with the minister about their souls ; and there were ..many more, equally concerned, who never came forward in tbif way. ' * I do not know of anything in the ministration of those who bsve occupied my pulpit that may, with propriety, be called * peculiar. * * Tbey are, I believe, in general, peculiarly given to ?et^ret prayer ; and they have also been accustomed to have much united piayer when together, and especially before and after ? engaging in public service.' Brethren, the (acts of Church history, the experience of God's servants in all ages and climes, and the statements of God's Word prove that a revival can be had. Tbe only question that remains is : Shall we have a revival ? It is seeded ; and it can be had — ehall we have one ? By a revival, aa I have already said, I understand an increase * of piety in tbe membere, power in the services, and fruit in the labours of the Church. Is not all this desirable ? We can have this. Shall we? God is not unwilling to grant this. He is -waiting. Before we call. He will answer ; and, while we are ydt speaking. He will hear. He is more ready to bear than we are to -pray, and more willing to give than we are to receive. The diffi culty is not with God; it is not because he is arbitrary or capri ? -ciou*. Prove Him, and see if He will not open the windows of Heaven and pour you out such a blessing that there will not be room enough to receive it. The difficulty does not lie in finding 'the means, hut solely in the will to use tbem. Prayer, which is ?made tbe substitute for labour, or the excuse for indolence, God \- will neither hear nor answer. Wesley, a prime egent in the great revival of the last century, of whom it Is recorded that he made a Eolnt ef praying (mentally, of conrse) in every waking our throughout the day, worked as well as prayed. He rode, chiefly on horseback, 5000 miles, and preaohed .500 sermons every year, for nearly fifty years; arranged and governed the affairs of the Methodist Societies, which . numbered, before his death, 70,000 membsrs; was appealed to in innumerable private concerns; kept up an immense and varied correspondence ; contrived to read every noticeable book aa it issued from the press; wrote or abridged 200 volumes; kept his -personal expenses below £100 a year, and although he realised £20,000 by bis writings, lea nothing at his death, having given all away in tbe service of his Master. Busy as he was, he was sever in a hurry, and always bad a little time to spare for cheer lul conversation with his friends. 'Give me,' said Wesley, 'a hundred men who hate nothing but tdn, fear none but God, and will know nothing among men save Jesus and him crucified, and 1 will turn the world upside down.' DeaT brethren, cannot we ?he such men ! The grace of God can make us sueh. If we are to have a revival of religion, each one of us must be gin with himself. There are numbers who are ready to say that * ministers ought to wake up and bestir themselves. True enough, hut waB ever a road made by the engineer alone ? Was ever a huildicg erected by the architect alone? Was ever a battle won by the officers alone ? Ministers end people must all wake up to gether—wake up for prayer— wake up for work— wake up for self denying gcncroelty. 'Worthy is tbe Lamb to receive pratie;' how many give it I— It is cheap. ' Worthy is the Lamb to receive riches now few surrender them at bis feet. The individual must not be merged in the society. It has been well remarked ' Every man has a 4 can do' in him— a pos sibility Of which nobody else has the key. If we do not that thing, perhaps nobodr else can do it at all, and certainly, nobody cite can do it as well.' Let us give tears, toil, and treasure to the work of the .Lord; let every convert become a converter; and then, though men should ridicule tbe posfibiUty of a mighty . revival of the work of the Lord in this land, ana say, are not your expectations vain end your prospects dark f We vrifl answer in tbe words of Ward, 'Oor hope is strong as the arm of God, and bright as bis promises.' Let our motto be, like that of the far-famed lighthouse, ' to give light and to save life,' and let us keep the flame of piety ever brilliant and pure, and yet in ?this new land of ours shall we behold an illustration of the words — 11 The inhabitants of one city shall go to another, saying. let us fospeedily to pray before the Lord, and to seek the lord of Hosts; will go also.' ' The prophet said— ' O Lord, I have heard thy epeeob, and was afraid.' Bbvc we not heard it. telling us that except n man he horn again he cannot see the kingdom of God ; teiling us that without holiness no man can see tbe Lord ; telling us that neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor effeminate, nor abusers, of ihixuet-lves with mankind, nor thieves, nor covetous, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor extortioners, shall in herit the kingdom of God ? Cau wc bear such speech as this from God and look round upon our city and land and remember tbe spiritual condition of eur countrymen and not be afraid ! O Lord, 1 have heai d Thy epeecb, ai.d was afraid. O.Lurd, revive Tbt work in tbe midst ol tbe years, in tbe mldtt-oftUe years moltc known ; in wrath remember mercy.' ' Wilt tbuu not re vive us again, that tby people may rejoice in Thee? Shew us thy mercy, O Lord, and giant us Tby salvation.' Di ar oietLrin, 1 tbutk ton for the patience with which yom have heard me, No one can* be more feasible than I am of the deficiencies in this address, nor of my uu worthiness to fill the responsible position in which you have placed me. Permit me to ask, as tbe greatest possible favour you can grant, an interest in your prayers. Dr. Hook, tbe Dean or Chichester, in a recent discourse delivered jn Gloucester Cathedral, uttered words which lam 6ure are worthy your consideration, whatever you mat think of thewerdenbisb I have spoken. He said:— 'In our ministrations we ore at heft, but as the sunbeams which God employs to bear to earth Ilia heat, or as tbe rains ana dews to cany bis fertilising blessings. It is in weakness, and fear, and much trembling that we must be among our people, never for getting— never, my dear brethren, forgetting— that be who opens a gate for another to pass through may not pass through himself, yea, that be who hw preached to others may himself be a cast away. * * Tbe very obj»«t, the eeseaoe of our ministry, is to etna men to Cbri6t. It is wben we regard ourselves as outward and visible instruments in tbe hands of the great God, through whom tbe. conversion of sinners is ordinarily effected by God tbe Holy Ghost, that wc become duly impressed with the eolemu and eacrea character of tbe preacher's office, usd get fully to realise that ccnvcrsioD if a work not of man, but of God, who sometimes converts the sinner's heart through tbe strong appeal of those who are animated in their addn-te and powerful iu taeir language, and at otber times, through tbe grave remonstrance and earnest reasoning of those vbo ore not quickly moved or easily roused. Not by might of words, lot by power of eloquence (though neither is to be despised); but by my Spirit, suite tbe Lord. May tbe Holy Spirit ever be present with the preachers tbem eclvcf, whispering to tbem, while they preach to others, ? Hysician, heal thyself.' ' These words, 'Physician, heal thyself,' in reference to all I have said, that may be adapted to others, I desire to remember, take home, and apply to my own heart. In his providence and by bis word God is speaking to us all. Our (.lobe has scarcely yet recovered from tbe frightful con vulsion recently exptrienoed. We have trembled tor fear of the Lcrd, and for the glery of bis maj* sty, when he ariseth to shake terribly tbe earth. Cities and towns have disappeared, and in a n.ommt, in the twinkling of an eye, thousands of immortal bt-irgs have been hurried from time into eternity. The gigantic wave which at a distance of seven thousand miles lifted on its crest (he stately vessels that just 4k fore were riding ia safety and dashed tbem to destruction, aa if tbey had been but the playthings of a child, made itself felt even in our harbour. Religiously, politically, physically the world is in a state of agitation and unrest. It is high time to awake out of- sleep, for now is our salvation nearer than whoa we believed- He who is mighty to deetroy is- also mighty to save. He hath promiaed saying, yet once more Lehake not the earth only, but also heaven, and Uii6 word, yet once more, signiflelh the removing of those things that are shaken, as of things that are made, that those things which cannot be shaken may remain. Wherefore we receiving a kingdom which cannot be moved, let us have grace w hereby we may serve God acceptably with reverence and godly fear, for onr God ia a consuming fire. He can cause the sinners in Zion to be afraid, and tearfulness to surprise the hypocrites. He can virit us with such a wave of hi* grace as shall mue u» rejoice with a joy that is unspeakable and full of glory. Here, in tbe ends of the earth, He can privilege ma to feel the reflex influence of those visitations of love and mercy with which other lauds have been favoured. Tea, He can so fill us with his love that we shall be able triumphantly to exolaiin : God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble. Therefore will not we fear, though the earth be removed, and though the mountains be carried into the aldst of the sea; though the waters thereof roar and be troubled, though the mountains shake with the swelling thereof. There is a riTex the streams whereof shall make glad the city of God, the holy place of the Tabernacles of tbe Most High. God is in the midst of her; she shall not be moved. God ehall help her, and that right early. Are any to whom 1 speak sceptical respecting the possibility of a great and general revival of religion in New bouth. Wales— a revival which shall not only move the ministers and deacons and members and frequenters of onr own Churches but which shall reach and rouse tbe inhabitants of the land generally— are any fcc-ptical ? Let tbem remember the fate of that lord on whose hand the King leaned and who sneeriagly said to- Etisha, Be hold, If the Lord would make windows iu heaven might this thing be ? To whom the man of God replied, Behold thou sbalt see it with thine eyes, but shall not eat thereof. ' Beware, therefore, lest that come upon you, which ie spoken of in the prophets ; Behold, ye despisers, and wonder, and perish : for I work a work In your days, a work which ye shall in no wise be lieve, though a man declare it unto you.' Let us, dear brethren, not be as the inhabitants of that place of whicu it is recorded, Jesus did not many mighty works there because of their unbe lief. ' Our doubts are traitors, And make us lose the good we oft might win, By fearing to attempt.' On the motion of the Rev. 'W. Slatyzr, seconded by the Rev. Mr. Wilson, a vote of thanks was unanimously passed tt tbe Rev. Mr. Kent for his very eloquent and valuable address. Wednesday. The General Assembly again met Thursday afternoon, in the Pitt-street Congregational Church. The Rev. S. C. Kent in the chair. TRUST DEEDS. After singing, the reading of a portion of Scripture, and Seyer, Mr. A. Gauran, LL.B., read a paper on ' Trust eeds.' After a considerable discussion had taken place with reference to the subject opened up by the paper, it was moved by the Rev. John Graham, seconded by the Rev. E. Robinson, and carried, — ' That, having heard Mr. Garrau's paper on 4 Trust Deeds' read, and the discussion thereon, it is resolved that the discussion of a model trust deed for our colonial churches be referred to the Committee of this Union, in oTder to report thereon at the next meeting of the Union, and r.fford aid in the formation of such trust deeds as may in the interval be required.' A vote of thanks was given to Mr. Garran for the paper which he had prepared and read. It was moved by Mr. J. Mullens, seconded by Mr. R. G. Reaping, and carried,—' That the Committee of the Union be authorised to carry ont the recommendation con tained in the report for the collection and safe custody of the trust deeds ef our churches.' CAMDEN COLLEGE. The Rev. T. Robeby then read a paper on ' The Claims of Camden College on the Congregational Churches of New South Wales.' A discussion ensued upon the subject, which terminated in tbe passing of the following motion : — ' That it be a recommendation from this Union that the churches of our order make an annual collection in support of Camden College ; and that the collection, as far as possible, be made before the 31st day of March in each year. On the motion of the Rev. W. Slatyeb, seconded by the Rev. Mr. Greek, a vote of thanks was passed to the Rev. T. Roeeby for his paper. The Assembly then adjourned. CONGREGATIONAL HOME MISSIONARY SOCIETY FOR NEW SOUTH WALES. A public meeting was held last evening, in the Pitt-street Church, in connection with the Congregational Home Missionary Society for New South Wales. At the request of the Rev. John Graham, the president of the society, the chair was taken by tbe Chairman of the Union. Proceedings were commenced with praise and prayer. The Chairman said, that when last evening he an nounced this meeting he did not expect that he would be called on to occupy the chair, which belonged to the presi dent of the Home Missionary Society, but having been re quested to preside, he did so with mnch pleasure. It was not necessary that he should occupy their time, but he de sired to direct attention to an alteration which had been made in the rules of the society. It was proposed some time ago to originate a new society. It was felt, however, that to have two societies for one field of labour in connec tion with Congregational churches in this land might possibly work mischief and it had been arranged so to alter tbe rules of the existing society that the wishes of all were met. The rules altered were the 4th and 5th, and in future the committee, instead of being selected in public meeting, would be selected by the churches. Mr. Fairfax read the following report 'The committee of tbe Congregational Home Missionary Society for New South TV ales have tbe privilege of presenting their eighteenth annual report. As representing the claims of the colony for evangelical and earnest work, ana as contrasted with that accomplished in former years, their report will appear meagre and unsatisfactory. But it must be remembered that the formation of another society was contemplated a year ago. That movement has somewhat interfered with the progreae of this the older institution. But your committee, are nappy to be able to announce that a union of action has been brought about, and, by a modification of the rules, tbe choice of the committee, by each subscribing churcb, for some time past recommended, has been agreed to unanimously by all the ministers, by the committee of the present eociety, and also by the committee of the Congrega tional Union. The rules as thus revised will be duly brought before you by special resolution ; and, to afford time for action as therein provided, your present committee will remain in office until January next. 'The friends of the society will presently hear the treasurer's statement, by which it will be perceived that pecuniary help bas been afforded by the Sustent&tion; Fund to the churches at Bur wood, North Bbore, and Campbeltown, On the Gold Fields, Mr. Butler has been assisted. Tour missionary there has laboured with diligence, amidst many discouragements. The population is sparse and shifting, and tbe occupations and pursuits of the inhabitants appear to be unfavourable, if not unfriendly, to the establishment of chutches and the progress of the Gospel of Christ. ' In the early part of tbe year. Mr. Pepper, a Camden College Student, and who, with bis family, was sustained by the funds of tbis society for a period of four years, received a call from the Congregational Church at Newcastle, and he was, as by Apostol ical precedent and tbe custom of (he Churches of our faith and order, duly ordaloed by tbe laying on of tbe bands of the Presbyters. ' During tbe year, tbe state of the funds allowed a grant to be made to Camden College of £25. ' There sre.applications from different parts of the colony for ministers. These wonts cannot be attended to without greatly enlarged funds. Several of our out- stations also require help. ' The committee arc pleased to be able to report that Mr. F. H. Brown, tbe senior student of C&mdcn; College, bas received a call from the Congregational Church at Windsor, and that he enters upon hfs labours with every prospect of euocess.' Mr. Fairfax also read, in bis capacity of treasurer, the financial statement, shewing that the income of the society for the past year, including a balance of £38 8s. 9d. from the previous Tear, amounted to £188 8s. 7d. The expendi ture during the same period had been £128, and there still remained to the credit of the society £60 14e. 7d. The Rev. J. Graham moved that the report now read be adopted, and that the present committee hold office until the end of the year. In the course of his observa ] tions the rev. gentleman said that although things might i appear somewhat discouraging in connection with the society, he did not feel at all afraid either fir tils society or in regard to Congregationalism, He thought that, on the whole, the principles and spirit -of Congrega tionalism were making their way very muoh in ^ the churches. Instead of keeping people in a state of spiritual infancy, requiring to have everything done for them, the importance was more widely recognised of infusing strength ana teaching people to come forward and take their legiti mate place in the Church of God. What they desired was, That every one should minister according to his ability— thatevety member of the body should contribute its quota to the life and efficiency of tbe whole. Another distinctive principle now spreading was the independence of individual churches. He thought he saw, -too, that 'he principle of the oicconnection of tbe Church from tbe Stite was advancing. It would not be unreasonable, perhaps, to hope that they might live to see the disestablishment of the Irish Church, and, ultimately, tbe total severance of th* Church from the State throughout the entire British Empire. (Cheers.) AJthouch Congrvgationsliste biid no humanly-composed creed, ne believed there was no section of the Christian Church more at pence in regard to doctrine, or having more evangelical eoundnessandunifoimiiyof faith. Inconclusion, the rev. gentleman commented cn the address delivered by The Chairman of tbe Union on the previous day, as contain ing matter for most serious reflection and prayerful regard. The Rev. Mr. Pefpih (from Newcastle) seconded the motion. He explained the circumstances in which his church was placed, and spoke hopefully of its work in relation 1o Newcastle and the surrounding districts. The resolution was put and carried. The Rev. Mr. Wilson moved the adoption of a series of rules to be in future the rules of tbe Congregational Homo Missionary Society for New South Wales. He spoke at considerable length in regard to the work of tbe Church in the Shoalbaven district, and particularly of his own labours in Gerringong, Broughton Creek, Nowra, and other localities. In most of the places where he had preached statedly, Sunday-schools bad been gathered, and in a variety of ways the good seed of the Gospel had been scattered abroad. Still there were places in the Wingecarribee and Kangaroo Ground districts where at present the Gospel was not preached, and it behoved all who desired to carry on home missionary work in connection with the Congre gational Church to support this society. The Rev. R. Rills seconded the motion. He hoped the operation or value of the society would not be judged of by its income during the pest year. The chureh in which he officiated at West Moitland! like most of the Congregational churches in the colony, owed its existence to the operations of this eociety. Whatever pood had been effected by the various churches must be attributed to the socie'y, because but for it thoy could not have had their existence. From what had been said that evening, he thought there was everything to commend the society to every member of our churches, who he hoped would not only assist it by their contributions, but also by tbeir prayers. The motion was then put to the meeting, and carried. The Rev. Mr. Greek moved, — 'That this meeting, remembering that * righteousess exalteth a nation,' and that only in righteousness enn a national character be health fully based, recognises the special importance, at this stage of our colonial history,, of the wide-spread inculcation of Gospel truth, and of providing agencies for preaching (the Gospel in sufficient abundance to keep pace with the rapidly advancing wants of tbe native-born and immigrant popu lation.' From the results of his own labours in connection with tbe Campbelltown Church, and the district surround ing Campbelltown, he was able to bear testimony to the great desire of the people in the country districts to have religious services, and opportunities afforded them for regular ly hearing the word of God preached. The Rev. Thomas Gainford seconded the motion, and expressed his desire to see the members ot the churches more actively engaged in Christian work, and in endeavour ing to extend the blessings of religion to people in districts where clergymen were seldom or never seen. The doxoiogy was then sung-, after which the chairman pronounced the benediction, and the meeting closed. Thursday. SUPPRESSION OF INTEMPERANCE. The first business that engaged the attention of the Assembly had reference to the following letter, which had been received from the Council of the Political Association for the Suppression of Intemperance : — ? To tbe Ministers and lay-members of the Congregational Union, of New South Wales, 'Rev. Sirs and Gentlemen,— Recognising tbe important posi tion you occupy as representing a very influential religious body, tbe Council of the New South Wales Political Association for the Suppression of Intemperance beg most respectfully to call your attention to tbe object tbey bare in view. Tbey seek to elicitand direct an enlightened public opinion, in order to procure from the Legislature & radical reform of the laws licensing public-houses for the sale of intoxicating liquor*, and also the enactment of a pennutive law, which will enable the dectora of any city, township, or police district, by a majority of two-thirds, to prevent their common sale within their locality. 'It is not necessary that the members of this association should beiotal abstainers. The work of reforming the'drunkard does not fall within its peculiar province. Its object is the re moval of temptation, so that tbe growth of tbe claes to which the di unkard belongs may be checked, and others may be kept from learning his habits, ' As a family bas a right to protect itself by forbidding the use of intoxicating liquors at tabic when anyone of its members is given to excess, eo a community has tbe same right to protect its members, and forbid licensed temptation to drink. 'Tbe crime, insanity, poverty, disease, impurity, and domestic misery in a community will be found to be in proportion to the quantity of intoxicating drink consumed. From tbe most recent t-totistics at our command, we find that tbe amount of revenue derired from tbe liquor traffic averages for each person, over fourteen years of age, £1 15b CR'd. per annum, or £6 16s. 4^fd. kr each dwelling-house. *' As it is proposed to introduce into Parliament during the pre M?nt session a bill embodying the views of the association, as set torth in the above address, and the Council being convinced that h pc ijmn from tbe Congregational Union, in favour of the mea sure, would have very great weight and influence with the Legis lature, would respectfully suggest tbe adoption of one »* TiUf-ti»g that this suggestion will not be considered intrusive, ntid that you will exercise your powerful influence in helping us towards the accomplishment of tbe work in which we are (-cpagi d, ' We remain,' Rev. Sirs and Gentlemen, on behalf of the Couicil, 'Ahthtr M. a'Bechett, Treasurer. 'bAuuxx Goold, Ron. Secretary.' After a lengthy discussion upon the subject to which the letter had reference, it was moved by Mr. J. Fairfax, seconded by the Rev. W. Slat yer, and carried,—' '1. That ihis Union, feeling deeply the necessity for some legislative action for the suppression of intemperance, and sympathis ing with the movement of the Political Association in aid of ihis object, whose memorial has just been read, deems it un desirable at present to deliberate upon any bill affect ing tbe complicated interests and varied aspects involved in the licensing system. 2. That considering the pre valence and fatal consequences of intemperance, this Union earnestly recommends all connected with it to use their influence, whether as electors or legislators, in favour of any well-considered measure which may in their judgment dearly tend to the discouragement of the abuses of the licensing system, and lead to the suppression of habits of intemperance.' DENOMINATIONAL MAGAZINE. Mr. J. Mullens, as a member of the committee ap pointed to consider the desirability of taking steps towards the publication in the colony of a magazine in connection with tbe Congregational denomination, informed the meet ing that tbe committee had come to the decision that it was desirable that such a periodical should be established. After some discussion it was resolved, ' That the thanks of this meeting be given to the committee for its labours in reEpect to the proposed magazine ; and that the commjtt*he requested to take further steps in securing so desiraMHpobject as opportunity may arise.' rStcNATION OF THE REV. S. HUMPHREYS. The Rev. W. Slatyer entered into an explanation with regard to the resignation of the Rev. S. Humphreys from the Congregational Union. In consequence of the non attendance of Mr. Humphreys at certain of their meetings, he, in his capacity as chairman of the Union, wrote to him requesting to know the cause of his absence. A day or two afterwards he had an interview with bim, asd in tbe course of conversation Mr. Humphreys stated it to be his intention of withdrawing from tne Congregational Church and uniting himself with the Presbyterians. Mr. Humphreys at that time seemed to think there would be xo difficulty in taking the Riley-street and Botany churches and properties over with him. He (Mr. 61atyer) protested against that. Mr. Humphreys subsequently sent in his resignation to the clerical secretary of the Congregational Union. His letters were brought up at the next meeting of the Committee of the Union, and the matter was discussed at great length. At the request of the Committee, he addressed a letter to tbe Moderator of the Presbyterian Assembly. As the letter embodied very clearly tbe views of the Committee, he would read it. It was as follows : — ' Bedfern, August 4, 1869, 'Tbe Rev. Dr. Bteel, Moderator of General Assembly of New South Wales. * Rev, and Dear Sir,— Tbe Bev, 6. Humphreys has recently sent in bis resignation of connection with tbe Congregational Union of New South Wales, and also of his position aa a member of ite committee : and has intimated bis intention of seeking ad mission as a minister to tbe Presbyterian body. He bas also declared bis intention of endeavouring to secure the transfer to that body of the churcb properties at Biley-street and Botany. Tbe matter has been brought before our committee at a special meeting, and I am Instructed, as chairman, to address you, as Moderator of tbe General Assembly, in relation to it. ' We offer no remark in regard to Mr. Humphreys' proposed disposal of himself, but only of tbe aforesaid churches in which as a Congregational minister he bas hertofore officiated. ' To our surprise we learn from Mr. II. that the properties in question are held by a number of persons for no specified pur pose. and that be himself was astonished on discovering such to be tbe case. There is, therefore, he pleads, no legal obstacle to tbe transfer he is contemplating. ' Upon this clement of tbe matter it would bo premature to offer any judgment at present Perfectly aware that it U compe tent for any contributor to either of those places to file a bill In equity and enforce tbe declaration of a trust, if no suoh thing exists, we confine ourselves now to tbe mora character of tbe step M*. H proposes, under the conviction that the Presbytery you represent will be no party to a transaction that does not carry in it a sacred regard to tbe principles of truth and righteousness, whether or not guarded by human law. ' It is notorious that tbe churches have always existed as Congregational churches, and in various ways hare been recog nised as such, and nothing else. It is also certain that in their origin tbey were intended to be so, aud have been aided by mem bers of our congregations under the persuasion that such was tbeir bona fide character, and our protest is directed strongly but respectfully against any connivance on your part with tbe attempt to divert tbem from tbeii manifest purpose *, and whilst the means adopted by Mr. H to tflVctuate bis design ere, in our view, open to very grave objection, we deem it enough for the fircsent to urge tbe wrong and consequent scandal attaching to t, as a sufficient reason to determine the Presbytery against it. w vrilh kindly Christian desires for your prosperity, ?' I am, very truly yours, 'William Suttee. Before writing that letter, however, tbe two secretaries and liiroself had an interview with Mr, Humphreys. At that interview Mr. Hungilireys avowed most distinctly his in I cntion to carry over the properties, and eaw no obstacle tq 2us doing so, and 'appeared qn:te obtuse as to the moral wrong of su h a proceeding, But lie ogreod to re-consider hi* i os u^n ; ana & day or two afterwards wrote a letter to bim (Mr. Slather) expressing his determination to pursue Iris course. With regard to the Botany church, hi might say that when the foundation stone of that building was iaid, f ever&l; Congregational ministers, including himself ond otber members of their churches, were present He did not know that a single Presbyterian was present on the occasion. They subscribed largely towards the erection of the building, under the full conviction that it was a Congregational church. There was also another point of great importance in connection with the case. At the last October meetings of the Congregational Union, a resolution was pASeed requiring the trust deeds of nil the churches in connection with the Union to be reported to the secre mries of the Union ; and every minister received a hcbcdnle of qucstiuns which they were to answer. All, with Ihe exception of Mr. Humphreys, returned those schedules duly filled up ; and from that circumstance he thought they might account fur Mr. Humphreys gradually drofping away from them. And depend upon it the question of his trust had more to do with his leaving than anything else. Further steps were taken, but tbe trust de ed oi the Rilev-tireet and Botany properties could not be pot at. They did not, therefore, know what the trust deed was like. But thoy knew full well that some of the trustees would not consent to the transfer of the property. Mr. Humphreys had been received by the Pres Lyurinn Assembly ob one of their ministers, and was now using the building as a Presbyterian church. He thought he had placed the matter in a dear light, and he would leave it in the bands of that Assembly to deal with. After a very lung discussion it wqa resolved — ' 1. That t! e resignation of the Rev. S. Humphreys be accepted. 2. That this Assembly at present contents 'itself with protest ing against the diversion of property formerly devoted to the use of the Congregational denomination from the hour ol its acquisition to the use of another denomination, and remits the further consideration of the matter to the Com mittee of the Union.' IMPORTATION OF SOUTH SEA ISLANDERS INTO QUEENSLAND. The Rev. John Graham introduced the subject of kidnapping from the South Sea Islands, and read letters oeiailing the conduct of & captain of a ship, who very recently took away by force seventy native men and thirty unmarried women from Savage Island. He concluded by moving the following resolution, — ' That this Union requests its committee to take into consideration the importation of South Sea Island labourers into Queens land ; and that it be empowered, if it so decide, to petition, at an early date, the Legislature cf Queensland, or that of Great Britain, to adopt more effectual measures to prevent the abuses of that importation, or to stop it altogether.' The motion was seconded by the Rev. C. Harris, and unanimously agreed to. AUTUMNAL MEETINGS. It was resolved that the next Autumnal Meeting of the Union be held at Campbelltown. Mr. J. Mullens gave notice of his intention to bring forward, at that meeting, & motion for considering the ad visability of holding all meetings of the Union in Sydney, or its immediate neighbourhood. The Rev. G. G. Howden, Clerical Secretary, read over* the minutes of the proceedings of the Assembly during the Session. Last evening a tea was provided for, and partaken of by the Restore and Delegates, in the Pitt-street Schoolroom, after which they adjourned to the church, where a special conference was held respecting the spiritual condition of the churches throughout the colony. The business of the Assembly wsb then brought to a close. Friday. The meetings of the Congregational Union closed with tbe administration of the Sacrament of the Lord's Sapper this evening. The attendance ef communicants was large. The ltev. T. S. Forsaith delivered An address to tbe members of the Churches, and the Rev. John Graham addressed the spectators. The other ministers took part in the service, the Chairman, the Rev. S. C. Kent presiding. 