THE KIAMA MYSTERY. " It's a ( non-est ) ghost that let me tell you." — Hamlet, slightly altered. Mr. Robertson on Wednesday night assured the country that in no department of the Government is there the slightest trace of any record concerning the conspiracy and murder twice vouched for in the most solemn manner by Mr. Parkes. Mr. Robertson further affirmed that the statement that 500 special constables had been sworn in to protect H. R. H. the Duke of Edinburgh was untrue ; and offered to bring to the bar of the House the Inspector-General ofv Police, who would establish the falsehood. Mr. Punch would ask the country is it possible to permit this state of things to exist ? Is the character of the country , to be slandered — its peace disturbed — its loyalty stained — and its slanderer to remain untouched ? For many months Mr. Punch has, almost alone, battled for the truth in this most awful matter. He has felt that it is of all subjects the one of supreme significance. And now it becomes more essential than ever that the country should know whether it has been the victim of some hideous dream, or whether there is yet a truth to be told and made manifest which passes all dreams. Is there no man in the Legislative Assembly who will charge himself with the honorable office of stop ping all public business till the case is decided whether we have unpunished conspirators and unprosecuted murderers in our midst or not. Is the thing so small, which has rent this community asunder — which has made the bitterest sectarianism triumphant, and the most hateful intolerance paramount ? Is it an insignificant thing that the bigot should be our master, the schemer our ruler, and that the liar should be our mouthpiece ? The young Prince, who was our guest and nearly our victim, is again coming amongst us. Is nothing due to him and to his dear and illustrious mother in this case ? Is his life to be again imperilled among traitors and assassins, or is he to be as free from danger as the deepest thoughts of our hearts are from scrutiny? All this can only be determined by making Mr. Parkes prove his words. If the Kiama spirit is an apparition of truth, in Heaven's name let us know it at once and for ever. If "it is a damned ghost that we have seen" (to borrow the language of Hamlet's pathetic doubt), let us know that also ; let our princely guest, who will be with us shortly, know it ; let the world know it. Meanwhile Mr. Punch, in his cartoon of to-day ($®), points out a picture of the mystery. 