GENERAL NEWS. . ATTEMPT» ROBBERY or THE NEWTOWB BRAUCH OF THE COMMERCIAL BANK.-At ten minqtes past 1 o'olook this morning, an attempt was made to rob the Newtown branch of the Commercial Bank. J Constable Shannon/who was on duty at the time, and was near the Wesleyan Chapel, observed a man passing through the aide door to the baok yard of the bank premises, wbioh of oourse exoited his suspioion. He carne across the road and fonnd constable Clark on the spot. They heard a noise in the yard, and Baw four or five men attempting lo make an escapo, baving-ii6-doubt heard the police approaobing. The men were also observed by the servant of Mr. Wakeham, of-the Brioklayers' Arms, as well as by Mr. Hurst, a coach p-oprietor at the rear of the premises. The police_watohed the men for Booie time, believing that a burglary was about to be com- mitted. They disturbed them in the sot of entering the baok window of the bank. As the burglars were endea-! vonring to make their eaoape over the roof of the shed, constable Clark seized one of them, whereupon he was strnok by one of the ruffians with Buch effect as to make him let go bia hold, and so they all escaped. A signal was given, and sergeant Flaherty and oonstable Lee were promptly on the spot, to assist constables Shannon and Clark. They also joined in the ohase, bnt unfortunately without success. Mr. Humphery, the manager, hearing the noise, carne dowp armed with hie revolver. He im- mediately gave all the assistance to the police which it was in his power to render._Ha .subsequently went over the premises with the polioe, but they tonnd everything secure, and that the burglars bad not obtained any booty. The vigilance ofThe polioe on this occasion is worthy of muoh oommendotion.-S M.Herald, Dee. 16. A very pretty'and convenient railway station, designed by Mr. J. H. Thomas, Engineer for existing lines, has jasfbeen completed at Petersham. Madame Anna Bishop, with her nsnal kindness, visited the Destitute Children's Asylum at Randwick, on Wed- nesday, last, and indolged the children by singing to them some Of her ohoioest songs. , The Wagga AJverttier has found faur vineyards near Wagga Wagça sufficiently large to bear writing a report of-a faot that will rather surprise some of our readera. The last vineyard described (Mr. Smith's, of Kyamba) has in it some- vanes twenty years old. It is twelve aores in extent, and Mr. ibmith makes oapital wine, named as Verdeilho, Shirae, Reisling/; Malbecj Auotirot, and Gonais. . < > On* tbe Upper Lachlan, between tbe Scrubby Rangé and Uabba, there have been' fine rains, and while the surrounding country is dreadfully parobed, there are found abundant waters and, perfeotly green pastare. , At Brookong, near Wagga Wagga, no less than twelve hundred wild horses were recently trapped at one of the waterholes.' i iThe Free Prête olBea 9, say« that In Bathurst gaol there are at present oonfined no less than five lunatics, a[l of whom require constant snpervision. One of them, a man, made an attempt to leap from a landing on San day, 6tb, bnt was held for a short time by a warder before befell, so that the fall WSB broken (soma, what, and no- thing mere severe than a cononssion was sustained. The Bathurtt Free Prête reports that a man named Tom i Connors, or "Yankee Tom,'1 who was procuring gravel at the pits, with some other men on Monday last, sustained a oompound fracture of the leg, by some twenty or thirty tons weight of earth falling npon bim. Ampul (ation was rendered neoessary, and was successfully per» formed by Drs. Busby and Maohattie. ; Connors is tbe second husband of a woman whose first husband wai killed by a fall of earth at theie very lame gravel pitt some yeera ago. l s j "The harvest whiob has just commenced ahoat Cowra arid Canowindra, is expected to be very light, not more than an average crop of bay, oats, or wheat being antici- pated. '' The Carcoar correspondent of the Bathurtt Free Prêts reports' the sudden death at' Brown's Creek, pf an old panper named John M'Dermott, or" Dr. John," on Thura"rl«y_the~3rainsïintV" At Parramatta, at a meeting of the Cumberland Mutnal Improvement ¡Society, Mr. Woolls, the well-known oolonial botanist, delivered a leotnreon the botany of the Bib)e, before a numerous aodienoe, The leotnre was very highly spoken of. Mr. O'. Milner Stephen, in a letter to the Herald on a supposed diamond found ' by a miner at Brook's Oreek, near .Gundaroo, says he has no donbt that 'diamonds, sapphires (bine and red), bine and White topazes, and red hySointhS, will be found M various parts of tbe colony. In Victoria and at Kiandra a very beautiful variety of the roby is found, named the Barklyte roby. i s Off Kiribilli Point, 8ydneyrHarbour, a shark was oaught on Wednesday evening,~9thr by harpooning him,-wbioh measured over l8 feet ; he had two dead dogs and a variety of oddments in his stomaoh. ' ' A snb-comm'ittee bas laid before the general eommittee, Sydney, a propoiad memorial on the Queensland colored labourers trade, and the legislation affecting it, and nrging on onr Parliament that foil inquiry ought to be made into the subjeot. Arrangements are being made to call a publio meeting, before wbioh the memorial will bo,laid for consideration. -" i Tia GUNDAGAI BSIDOS -The works of the high leve) approach to the Gundagai Bridge have, of late, been rapidly pushed forwerd,~endfrom the progress now being made by Messrs. Baillie and Chaider, the contractors/ it is confidently anticipated that the whole of the works will be completed and the approaoh be formally opened for traffio soon after the commencement of the ensuing year. The bridge and ¿he high level approaoh together will form, when oomploted, One of the finest and most im- posing public woiks yet exeouted fn the oolony.- Wagga Wogga Exprès», Dec. 12. ACCIDENTAL POISONING -A little girl, the daughter of Mr. George Samuelson, bad a narrow esoape yesterday .from death by poison, Her father had mixed some cor- rosive sublimate for a horse, wljen the little thing got hold of it, and in a few moments had swallowed enough to kill half a dosen people. Of oourse, she was taken fearfully ill, and on.the cause belng.asoertained, she was immediately carried orpr to |Dr, Lyons,tat Mr. Bose's dispensary. The .doctor promptly appliedJtfae proper remedies, and we are glad to hear that tbe ohild, though still very ill, is entirely out of danger.- Wagga Wagga Advertiier, Dec. 12. i 8ÜDDEK DBATBB,-The Herald of Monday reports'two oases of sudden death on Friday last. George Trueman, à labourer,lately residing in'Olareoce-itreot, Sydney, had complained of rhenmatiim Jortbe past two months, al- though previous to that he had enjoyed general good health ;' on Thuraday night be retired to bed in hia usual health, but on the following,morning his wife heard hjm breathing hard and'makinga moaning noise t she neat for a doo(or, but before the latter osma Trueman died. Death ooourre'd within an hour of the first ettaok.-Ao oyslerman, named Jamea Barry, complained of a pain in hil absit upon rising on, Friday morning, and after break« fast went to bia sbed to open oysters ; presently bis wife went to him and found him de-ad. He also had enjoyed good health previous to Lia decease. The medioal evi- dence given at the inquest in each case ascribed death to disease of the heart, and a verdiot aooording thereto was returned. . ¡ ", .....".' Kwo GBOBOB AND TOB CAPTAIS?.-The Adelaide Ob- server has the following rather strang» story :-" The Friendly Islands.-Abont 80 years Binae the late Captain Harvey, for some years an offioerin the Customs Depart- ment at Port Adelaide commanded a whaler trading in ïhe Honth Seas, and oslled at the Tonga group, where he met with King George, who took a great fancy to a iowling-piece Oaptain Harvey agreed to let him bave the weapon, and King George gave him in return a document making over to himithe Island of Huga. Tho dooament remained in Captain Harvey's possession until his death, but was not thought to be of any value. Aller bis demise, however, the widow mentionod tbe faot of the possession of the dooument to Mr E. H Butler, of Port Adelaide, and that gentleman undertook to oommunioite with the Rev. George Lee, one of the Wesleyan mission- aries stationed on the Islands. A short timo sinoo a reply was reoeived, dated from Nukualofa, Tongatabu, February 29, 1888, acknowledging the reoeipt of the dooument, and stating that his Majesty King George frankly acknowledged his signature thereto, and, after considering with his Secretary (Mr. D. J. Ross) bad been pleased to band him, for Mrs. Hsrvey, the sum of £50, in consideration of the fowlmg-pieoe and oaso, with in- terest on the same. The letter enclosed a bill for the amount, and Mr. Lee expressed himself glad that Mr«. Havey had taken the oourae she had in referenoe to the agreement between Oaptain Harvey and His Mnjasty King Georgs, as in point of law the King was aware the dooument would be useless. He stated that the Island of Unga is one of the finest in Vavau, and oontains nearly 300 inhabitants. It was BOW worth thousands of pounds and at the time'the King made the agreements was a reckless young man, and would have given his life nearly for a, gan., Mrs. Harroy bas received the amount of the bill, whioh has enabled her to build a schoolroom ea Lefevres Peninsula," , i' , ' Oo, tbe ,4th instant, the stables at Hertslets Boyal Hoter, kellington,were destroyed by flrs.whiob extended ae rapidly that some pigs in a stye next tha atable oould nat bo got oat, and wara batned alive, Tha laas ia atti* maWaVakat'MQ. . S .o I ' O .ii ' i« i 17/ . > '-?( PYROTECHNIC DIBPLAY IN TBE DOMAIN.-A display of fireworks in aid of the-fandmf tbe-RandwiekïtegtHu'te Children's Asylum was given in the Domain last even! ing and attracted a large number of spectators.-Berala of Tuetday. ' ACCIDENT FROM BLASTING -The Tumut correspondent of the Gundagai^ Times relates that a very sad accident happened to a miner of the name of Jory, who was em- ployed in Hargraves and Co.'s claim. He was in the act if charging a hole with gun-cotton, which he was ram- ming in with a curragong stick, and having already put in one charge, was busy with the second, when by some means or other, the air between one plug and the other caused an explosion. Both the unfortunate man's armsc were so severely out and bruised that at first it was thought amputation would be necessary. .FOUND DROWNED'- About IO o'olook on Saturday morning, the dead bodjLPJLa man named James Walker, was found floating near to Mort'« Wharf, at the foot of Erskine-street, by a seaman named John Funden. De- ceased was a shipwright, and resided in Crescent-street, Balmain. The body was removed by the water polioe to the dead honse, at the Oiroular Quoy.-5. if Herald. Dee. 14. FBABFDL QATABTBOPHB-Ajrerv sad offairJs reported T>y the Mount Alexander Mail. A farmer and his wife, being io- the neighbourhood of Montmorency, had gone out to walk in a distanffield, on Friday last, leaving Bome dinner on the hearth, and a baby in a oradle near tho fire-plaoe, both in charge of their little daughter of seven years of age By some mischanoe the' latter' became enveloped in flames, and when the an happy farmer and bis wife returned, they found their baby bnrned to a cinder, ' They then turned their attention to find the little girl, whom they blamed for the misfortune. Poor Marie, however, had disappeared, and for some time was nowhere to be found. At length, in a pond in the middle of tbe orobard tbey fonnd the body of their elder ohild. When she Baw her little brother burnt, the broken-hearted ehild must have ran ont and drowned herself. ' -TriB DBAV ANO DUMB INBTITÜTIOK IN STONEY;-YoBter day afternoon the yearly examination of the children of the, above institution took plaoe at Ormonde Home, Paddington,'before the Rev. George Ring (President), Rev. Dr. Lang (Vioe-Frèsiaent), Rev. Mr. Milne, Mr. G. F. Wise, Mr. R. Hills, and Mrs. John Hay, Mrs. Dowling, Mrs. Goodlet, Mrs. George King, anil'Mrs. Hills, of the Ladies'«. Visiting Committee, and a number of other ladies and gentlemen. The children were examined -by tbe-BevrOrKing,-in Soripture and English History S ey acquitted .themselves to the satisfaction of everyone lient. Their, answers were intelligent, and/showed that they well understood the subjeots that had been taught them, andreflsoted oredit on their master, Mr. 8. A. Gilder, and mistress, Mrs. Ashton. After 'tbe examination, prises were distributed to the children, for which they returned thanks by sundry motions with their fingers which were unintelligible exoept to tbose who) understand the deaf and dumb signs.-Empire, Dee 15. - x A\PBSOLATE FATS-The City Coroner held'lan in- quiry at tbe gaol respecting the death ¡of a prisoner named Alfred Eadie, aged 60 - Deceased-was -under- going a sentenoe of one month's imprisonment for vagratioy. The warrant of commitment contained a memorandum on the'margin, "For medioal treatment." Deoeased <wai taken into hospital on the day of his ad- mission into gaol. His eeotecop expired on the Stb November last, bht'ln oonsequenoe of bis'illness he could not be disoharged. Dr. Aaron stated that deceased was goffering from cancer; deceased stated to him that he had been-treated privately by medioal practitioners until his means were exhausted ; that he was then admitted as an in-patient to the Sydney Infirmary ; was disoharged from there as incurable ; that be was then admitted into St. Vinoent'a Hospital, and disoharged from there alto as inoufabje; and that, owing to his having no resources, he gave himself up to the police. Verdiot : Died from tbe effeots of oanosr in the breast.-S. M. Herald, nth Dee. . ' ' ' ' The St. Arnaud Mercury (Viotoria) gives ourrenoy to a afory that on Mesara. Kaison and Terry's Hopeful Reef, the men have refused to work by night,, owing to tbe ghost-like sounds whiob are heard proceeding from all parts of the olaim. A noise as of some person scraping a shovel with iion has been frequently heard, and no oause for it ann be aieertained. , r ' A correspondent, writing from Blanchetown on the Morrey, to the South Australian Register says ¡-1 be Lady Daly, from Kobuoa, arrived here on the 20th No- vember. The owners of this fine steamer- haye been in- vited by several of the settlers on the river to ran her on the lower river, and bring down their fat sheep to mar« ket, thus, avoiding the expense and waste of driving them SOO miles over a grassless country. She c.n bring 1000 head eaob trip. This experiment of water aarriage versus land journey for fat sheep is worthy the serious consideration of every grower, and to give th* experiment a fair trial should have the cordial support of all on the route. 