THE NEWS BY THE MAIL. Perhaps in no epoch iu Victorian history j has the news from the 'old country,' as we I are perhaps rather profanely accustomed to ] call it, been of greater importance than that received in the present week. Feuianism — j me tfF4TiTl^ mint STl-^ CT-i- Tui^na. r\P t^i^i +ir*»a f (for it is nothing more) — has held potent sway oxer the commercial aal p'?a^eful pur suits of the world. Perhaps the contempt ! ?with which the movement was at first | treated has emboldened the doers of evil, j and bloodshed and destruction have been ; the result. We give below an analysis of i home news so far as we have been able to ' collate it from the English papers : — \ Her Majesty the Queen is in good heath, I and was at the time of th? leaving of the , mail at Gsborne, in the I»l& -vf Wight, the \ favorite residence. Her aniiety must have ' been great upon hearing of the outrages ' committed in London, Cork, and other places. I Some of the minors are thus chronicled : — f ' AH sorts of rumors are current as to a pro- ! bable attack on the public buildings. The ! Bank of FntrUrwi. Tower of London. St. James's Palace, the British and South Ken sington Museums, the gas factories and the powder magasnes and arsenals are care fully watched day an 1 night by detectives is large numbers, assisted by special con- j stables who have been sworn in. A thou sand men have been added to the regular police force, and the guards are rea ly for action at any moment.' We are farther informed as to actual at tempts to destroy property and lives in this wise : — A daring attempt was made on the afternoon of the 11th to blow in a portion of Clerien well House of Detention, it is sup- i posed with the intention of releasing the Fenian prisoners Burke and Casey, who were imprisoned there. The police having received notice that the prison would be attacked, the neighborhood was closely watched, and about ftrar D.m.. three mm were observed to bring a barrel containing gunpowder, and place it against the wall of the courtyard of the prison, and having fired the fuse, a most tremendous explosion followed, which had the effect of blowing in a large portion of the prison wall, and by its recoQ. destroying several honses opposite, burying a number of women and children in the ruina. The total number injured in cludes forty persons, ox of whom have since died The police arrested two men and one woman, whom they caught running from the spot. Others have been since captured on suspicion. The jury at the inquest returned a verdict of wilful murder against the three prisoners. The outrage has caused the greatest excitement throughout the country. Mr D'Israeli sent his private secretary to distribute money «m«ng the sufferers, and her Majesty sent to the hospitals to inquire the condition of those injured. Subscrip tions were being got op and a large sum had been already received on their behalf.' So that, as will be truly seen, sympathy from the right quarters has been enlisted, and, we may be weQ MBBied, will result in active help and a determination to crush altogether this '''''^ wicked, and Mil fish treason. Referring to the Darling Grant — a sub ject that we have heard of late tuque ad nau team — that clever and cynical publication, ' The Saturday Beview,' of December 21, has the subjoined observations: — The Berietc 6ays, ' The acceptance of a large sum of money from one of two contending par ties, thows a slur on the character of a high officer, whose first duty was to hold the po litical balance absolutely even. The reward relates back to the time at which it was earned, and the expectation of similar gifts might hereafter tend to a corrupt disregard of duty. As a private person, Sir C. Dar ling has no need to ask the permission of the Crown to profit by the liberality of one branch of the Legislature of the colony which he lately governed ; but it was not in a private but in a public capacity that he performed the acts which were censured by the Secretary of State, and which are now to be rewarded by the partners of his irre gular procedure. The act which is in the present instance perhaps merely indelicate ought to be rendered illegal, and even penal, by express legislation. It may be inexpe dient to interfere with the grants of a colonial Legislature, but a fine, equal to the amount of the bribe might be justly im posed on the recipient.' Again, the Spectator of December 21st S3VS of the late crisis: — 'It seems as if — through the fault, we imagine, of the Duke of Buckingham — Sir Charles Darling would have his £20,000 for serving the Parliament of Victoria better than Her Majesty's Go vernment, after all. The new Governor has recommended the grant as we have noticed before, on the flimsy pretext that Sir Chas. Darling, by resigning the Colonial service, has put himself in the position of any other Eoglish subject whose services the L^jris lature might choose to recompense. If this plea were of the least value, any ambassa dor by resigning the service of the Crown, : might qualify himself to receive the bribe which he might have earned by disibedi- ? ence or treachery. The Legislative Council have again rejected the Appropriation Bill, and the Prime Minister has dissolved the popular Assembly in order to take the opin ion of the country ocoe more ; but if that opinion supports him — as it will — he a. - nounces that he must regard the decision as ' final.' But as neither Council nor Assem,- ; bly will give way, we suppose the final ; decision will have to come from'home, in ! the shape of some act to give the final j power, in the case of a sufficiently prolonged [ dead-lock, to a sufficient majoritv of the popular Assembly.' In the above extract i lies the real secret of our immediate future ! to use an apparent anachronism. The final I decision ictll have to come from home and, i without the power to a numerical majority j of the Assembly, if so given by a new enact- ! ment, we shall have a succession of thick- I headed ' dead -looks'' and mi-understood I internal disturbances. \ Prominent in the news we regret very i ' The old Opera/' so called by the true lovers of the Italian Lyric Drama, had been burned j to the ground. We subjoin extracts from j the accounts of the sad catastrophe. j ' On the night of Friday, the 6th Decem- i ber, one of the handsomest, certainly, if aot i the finest theatre in London went the way of i all theatres, and was burned down in less ' than two hours. The fire while it raged was j one of the fiercest ever known in London, [ and though the main bufldins. the beauti ful theatre, quickly burned itself o ut and I crumbled away in a towering pvramid of i flame, yet its surroundings continued to blaze as house after house in the eolonade caught fire and were burnt from roof to base ment. Those buildings faeiug the Hay market and Pall Mall also suffered most severely, the houses on the Haymarket side being almost completely destroyed. The scene was one of terrible grandeur. The roof of the building fell amid a shower of sparks and burning fragments, leaving a gigantic mass of white flame in the centre, the very heat of which was charring up and burning building after building around it. All the steam fire-engines were at full work, and the heavy thud thud of those worked by hand were the only sounds which broke upon the hoarse roaring of the crowd, and the heavy flaps of the great sheet of flame seemed to jeopardise the ex istence of every building near the place. the world, nothing remains but the bare, roofless walls, and immense masses of charred materials in indescribable confusion covering the whole space on which the building stood. All the costly properties, all the wardrobes of the establishment have perished, as have also the instruments of the orchestra, the grand pianos, and a mu sical library of inralmUdte value, which had taken years to collect. Madame Titiens has lost jewellery worth from £ 1 000 to £ 1200, in addition to all her magnificent stage dresses. The grand organ, which cost nearly £800, and all the scenery and decora tions, painted for the most part by Telbin, Grieve, and Calcott, hare been destroyed, and the whole fabric, with all its surround ings, is in rii'ric By an odd circumstance, the only thing which has survived the general wreck is the drees in which the ghost in ' Don Giovanni' was wont to be played. The actual and prospective loss to MrMapleson, the lessee, is estimated at £13,000, and the disaster, as it affects -iimt is greatly aggravated by the fact of his not having been insured to the amount of a ?ingle shilling. As to the origin of the fire little or nothing has been discovered, but the the opinion is that it broke out first about some part of the stage. In addition to the foregoing intelligence, which may well come under the order ' sen sational,' we have further sad disasters in the blowing up of the Greek war-steamer, Babulina (formerly the Confederate block ade- runner, Colonel Lamb), at Liverpool, on the 29th November. This fine vessel was just about to sail for Greece, and was at anchor on the Cheshire ride of the Mersey. The vessel was broken completely in two, the stem part being forced 200 feet from the forward bulkheads. It is feared a great many of the crew had perished. An attempt was made to destroy the gas works at Warrington, but it was discovered before any harm was done. A well-known Fenian was apprehended for tha offence. There has been a terrible fire at New castle, and the writer of the Home News to the Argut thus remarks upon the combina tion of disasters : — ' Take this with Tues day's explosion, last week's Fenian eiplo sion at Clertenwell, the fire at her Majesty's Theatre of the previous week, the terrible hurricane of 3 let -October in. the West Indies, the earthquake which followed it on 1 8th November, the Indian cyclone of 2nd November, the violence of Manchester, the detonating ondition of Ireland, the tremu : loos excitement of France, the smothered [ passion of Italy, and the open preparation for war in Servia and Turkey, and we have such a crowd of physical and moral out- j bursts of violence as have only now and j then been packed into the same short com- 1 pass of history. It is sometimes supposed ; that Nature really conspires to break into : tumult when anarchy spreads in the moral world. Certainly the first century of our , era, a century of moral dissolution, was one also unparalleled for earthquakes and vol- ! came eruptions : indeed it was the age of the disappearance of Hereulaneum and ! Pompeii ; and Vesuvius, by the way, is ' just now again terrible and destructively | active.' S There appears to be a panic in the railway j world, and which it is eaid was ' thunder- ; struck' by the appearance of a circular from ; the directors of the Midland, demanding live millions sterling, their capita! beinir already £2-3. 000,000. The idea of tlie Italian Conference ha? been finally abandoned in Paris, where it ir tiid a very uneasy feeling exists, and where ; a charge is made by a Belgian paper called La Finance of bribery and corruption agains: ; five Parisian journals. The article was read : in the Chamber of Deputies, and created ; niuch excitement, sad called forth indignant i protestations from the editors of the Opinion I Xatianele and tae Sieelt both of whom are I members of the C'uamber. ! Notwithstanding our 'dead-loots' and extraordinary proceedings, are we not bet ter off in this land ? V?e have before us the Government copy of the report e of Mining Surveyors and Registrars for the quarter ending the 3 1st December last, which, taken ss a publication merely, with tabu lated appendices and explanatory drawings in wood cut, tnd lithognph in tome instances, is «orthy of all commendation. The summary of the sta tistics alone must hive caused a vast amount of un divided attention. This chews the following returns as to the districts with which our readers are more immediately interested. For Avocawe Uira that there are G16 European alluvial miners ; 373 Chinese, aod 26 quartz miners. At Redbank and St Aroiud South, 170 European miners frllu rial), and with 120 European miners (quartz), and no Chinese. The returns of St Arnaud North shew:— Alluvial miners, European, 34 ; Chinese, 86\. Quartz miners, European, 250 ; Chinese, none Tne separate report of the Ayoca tubdivisioD, pre pared by Mr Byne, gives the following returns as to the quantity of quartz crushed, and remits : ? Bosanquet and Co., Vale's reef, 60oz, yielding 8601 Sdwts ; Avoca Crashing Co, 23 toni ; Fid dler's Creek Reef, yielding 12oz, 13Jwts ; Frying Pan Reef, 12 tons, yielding 4oz 4dwts. One pennyweight to the too, for 610 tons, has been realised from tailings crushed at Bosanqueft ma chine, and two pennyweights per ton from 200 tons from the Crushing Company, Avoca. The Stir of the East Reef, at Stevart Mill, has given I5dwts 16-27grs to the ton for 87 ton«, making a total yield of gold of 68uz 4dwts for 87 tons. The Macoboy Beef for 19 tons has given 13m of gold, at a depth of 13 feet only. The Duke of Edin burgh Company, Redbank, shews a return of 10 dwts per tons on 10 tons of stun\ giving a total of Soz, at a depth of fifty feet. Tailings to the amooDt of U0 tons bare been raised from the bed of -Strathfillin Creek, which at the yield of 2dwta 12grs to the too gave 18ox lfidwts of gold. For the St Amand Eubdirisioo the total amount of quartz raised is 1,896 tons, at an average yield of 14dwts 21grs to the ton. Prominent in die ana lysed returns are the Hopeful Reef, with the fine yield of Soz 3dwts to the ton ; the Greenock Reef, loz 19dwu I5grs; Rising Star To, Chrysolite HiU,|loz 3dwts to the ton ; and Eastern Reef, Wilaon'g Hill, loz ldwt to the ton ; and Bell Rock Tribute, 1 o» per ton for 233 tons. From the above rather rugged analysis we have reason to be lieve strongly in the future, especially in the quartz reef devdopement of the district. We shall re turn to this elaborate report next week. A rather narrow escape from serious damage by ?fire oeeumd on Wednesday last, in Avoca. Mr A. Brown, barman of the Victoria hole], happened to be looking across the road when be aw mjoke idling from the roof of Mr Kay's bbtkamitbs' shop from a place he thought very unusual for neb * thing to be. On going aoosi it wat found that a portion of the roof was actually (moulder ing away, but by timely remedy all danger ni put an end to. People cannot be too cautious in the use of fire at this season when every thing ia dry, especially when we bare a wind each u hu been bloving for the last day or two. We regret to learn the death of the Her. F. J. Fi- chert, who was well known and highly rea peeted as the Minister of the VTealeyan Church in Avoca. Mr Fitcbett left ut i few month* since, and during his retidcBcc here took part u aB pub lic movements tending to improve '?n* poatioo, socially and intellectually. The reverend gentle man died at Grdoog, having gredaillv rank under the fatal diaeaae of cocaomption, the aeofc of wbjth had evidently been sown before bU tfpotntmem to Avoca. Some gentlemen, well known resident of Am phitheatre, are about forming a company for the purpose of prospecting for quartz reef* h that weB ueertained auriferous neighborhood. We eonfeas to some surprise that this plan has not been set on foot before, lookiog at the nature of the country, but now that the project ia fairly started it may be safely predicted there will be a large market for sharea ia A roes, among the ' business people' espe cially. Already some of the well-to-do reefers of Pleasant Creek have intimated their intention to join largely in the scheme, and Mr Byrne, soe of the member* tor Crowbod*, has not only consented to take shares, bat will assist bj hii influenee and example in forwarding the views of the initiators of this movec&eot;, and no doubt win obtain strong Melbourne rapport into the bargain. The pay ment of the afaarea will be on t somewhat novel and easy 171160], namely, 5s per share weekly. The men to be employed at an average of two pounds five shillings per week in addition to a full sleeping share in good fortune should, it arrive. We have great hopes of ibis project, and tnut it may meet with the success it deserves, aa.odijbit ing the spirit of enterprise in ia best (bane. The Avoca Shire Council held their meeting at Moooambel on Thursday last. A full report of die proceedings will be given, in next week's issue. We shall however notice that at this meeting the resig nation of Mr G. M. Xewman as a member of the Council was received and accepted. An advertise ment appears in another column, notifying the vacancy. The members of the Loyal Amherst Lodge, M.U.I.O.O.F., very successfully celebrated their seventh anniversary, on Wednesday, by a soiree and lecture, in the OJd Fellows' Hall, Talbot. Up- { wards of 200 persons partook of tea, the number j being afterwards increased by the arrival of many j anxious to bear Brother the Rev T. C. Perks, of j Richmond, lecture on Oddfettowship. Daring its j delivery frequent applause was manifested by the audience, who appeared to experience regret when the lecture which was so entertaining and instruc tive was brought to a clo&e.; a Sheep Shearing by Steam' is the startling heading to a paragraph in a Deniliquin paper, and thus it is explained : — ' We bear that a machine ! for the above purpose is being constructed in Mel- j bourne, and that it shears skin; beautifully, but j wants some further improvements before being | applied to living animals. Those who have seen it have no doubt but that the gentleman who is work- i ing out the idea will bring it to a successful Us-je. , It cuts quite dose, and cannot injure the skin of! the sheep, makes no second cut in the wool, and { will do as much as three men. From the descrip tion gives to us by gentlemen who have seen the model, we consider it sure to succeed.. Mr John Graham, who first introduced the steam plough into Victoria, died on Sunday at bis farm on the Wabgunyah Plains. He was an old resi dent in the district and wag much respected by all. His death will be regretted by many. When the ill-fated London went down two years ago, he lost ' his brothers and their wives and families, and ever I since that time the circumstance hw.prey«d on bi« mind. We are sorry to have to record the burning of the total crop of Mr Mitchell, fanner, at Joyce's Cretk, which took place on Saturday last. Tne threshing machine was at work it the time, and a spark from the eneine set the stack on fire. The total loss is estimated at upwards of ££00. We are informed that a claim will be put in against the owner of the machine for ^»''gff, as the engine funnel was not covered with the ordinary wire grating. If we can believe that the Melbourne correspon dent of the Geelong Adtertiter has not been mis informed, we shall shortly have the Galatea again in the Bay. We quote the following :—- News by way of Sydney enables me to give publicity to the gratifying intelligence that H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh has intimated his intention of paving another visit to Melbourne al no very distant period, and that the Galatea wiU not finally leave the Australian waters until 1869. Instructions to that efiect are daily expected to arrive. Hit Royal Highness also proposes to sail in the Galatea to the Auckland and and other uninhabited islands in the vicinity fcr the purpose of examining the cnastE nf »vil tvnan According the Mansfield Courier, Lynch law has been carried out in that district. We extract the following : — ' A curious incident occurred at Maindample on Thursday last. A man was caught in the act of pilfering some trifling article from a miners hot. He was immediately pounced upon by a number of excited and and indignant ?'-', bis legs were tied together, and he was soused several times in the machine dam. He was then informed in strong language, accompanied by emphatic action, that his presence would be dispensed with, when the half drowned wretch beat a precipitate retreat. This is a simple way of administering justice, a la Judge Lynch.* By the TaJbot Leader of Tuesday we see mat a novel -ib«gh certainly important legal objection was raised by Mr Hotkins in the Talbot Police Court yesterday, in the case of the Police v Klein, who was summoned for allowing disorderly persons to congregate in bis. licensed hou.se on s Sunday morning. Sergeant M'Parland appeared to prose cute, and Mr Hoekms to defend. Mr Andrews, town treasurer, was called to prove the issue of a* publican's license to Mr Klein, and on the license being produced, Mr Hoskins, to the surprise of all present, submitted that the document was no license and that consequently the defendant was not under the supervision of the police. Be quoted several authorities to show that the license should bear the corporation seal to giveit effect, which the docu ment produced had not goC Mr Hoskins also further observed that mis point had only lately struck him, and he wondered whtt all tbe borough andibire councils in the eotony could have been thinking of. For hu part, he brought tne matter forward uowin order to induce the Borough Coun cS of Amherst to rectify the error under which they bad hitherto labored. Tie bench concurred in the view taken by Mr Hoskinj, and the case was thoefuie «t™»'«™- We have been informed 00 good authority that Nelson M«CanB's health u fast faffing, and it is feared that he will not live oat the term of bit wntnwe. WheebnwiBbe tried for thernnrferof Brans lev on the 17th instant, al the Snpreme Court, Ueujouiue. We perceive by the Oomrier that informatuawM received by the police on Thursday last that tho remain* of st Bomber of watejiei (about thirty) were found on tbe Great Northern Freehold Com pasy'a daira at Rtuarat. The remains consist of the works only, and these are so perished by damp and exposure as to be utterly worthless, tbe outer eases having probably been taken for the sake of *' the metal and melted down. They are- ipr-^ to be tbe remains of a somber of watches, stolen st from Mr Logan in the year 1865. It is possible '??». the due thus given may throw some light 00 the robbery then rommiitnT. Something more than mere queraloas disappoint ment is expressed in the South Australian Adoer tiler's notice of the recent Tasmaoian races :— 'We do not grumble at being defeated, if the. defeat is. ? fair and- honorable one, but we believe; tery fen. impartial sportsmen will be contented with the de cisions of the Taimaniin judges as regards Co*rra. It matters little to us personally whether Mr B. M. Bagot wins or loses ; bat we confess we are ex ceedingly dissatisfied with the doubly adverse de cision against Cowra. Cowra'i d^nilrfifitioj ia tbe Champion Race was simply ridiculous. The, mare was condemned, bo.t the very verdict pro nounced her gmitless. She ' crossed,' bat ' unioi tentionally '.' It was a foregone conclusioo.alto getber, and gives very little eocoangenen! toSoatb Australian sportsmen to tz* their mtsb on a. Tatr mamao comae. Bat it isaD efsUpiecewith nnst tnrf transaction*. RadDg is gettiag into/the. hands. ? of artful dodgers 1 and if a man. means to. win he most tract more to tricks than to blood.'' From tbe Arout of Tuesday wa extract the fol lowing startling 'paragraph :— ' An extraordinary., bat by D»meaos improbable story hat foond its, way here from Sydney. Her Majesty's ship Brisk lately left that port, and it is stated that ber des tination is Western Australia, to which she hu. gooe inconsequence of news hating been received' by the Commodore from the Lords of the Admi ralty, by the Panama Mail, to the efiect thai an armed Fenian vessel had escaped from, a British, Port for the purpose of intercepting the convict ship Hogoamoot, and rescuing the Fenian, prison-, en who were placed on. board of her for transporta tion to Western. Australia. The Brisk is stated (presumed, perhaps, would be the better word) to. have sailed, for Fremantle, to cruise off the eoas^ in search of the supposed Fenian adventurer. I( was thought when H.M.S. Charybdis. sailed from, this port 00 Sunday, ostensibly for Adelaide, that she was alto bound farther westward, but as a-ship soppo«ed to be the Charybdis was seen, by the City of Adelaide off Cape Liptrap yesterday, her course was eastwards.' We learn from the if. A* ifaB that ? man,, turned Nice, was found lying dead near to his puddling machine, at Chewton, on Saturday. A coroner's inquiry was held ai to the cause of death,, which was discovered to be apoplexy. 