MR. WALTER MONTGOMERY'S RECITATIONS. On Thursday evening Mr. Montgomery was favored with another large audience. The back seats were closely crowded, and there were only a few vacancies in the reserved seats. It is evident that the public are beginning to awake to a knowledge of Mr. Montgomery's merits; and it is a pity that he cannot con tinue his recitations over another week. There ■was some expectation that he would do so until Thursday evening, when he stated positively that he would not appear after Saturday evening, except on one occasion, before his departure, when he intends giving an entertainment in aid of the Orphan Home and another local charity. The Shakspearian part of the programme was confined to selections from "Hamlet," and comprised the First Soliloquy, Hamlet and the Ghost, Polonius and Ophelia, Polonius's Secret, the False Friends Guildensteru and Itosen cranz, ; Hamlet and the Players, and Hamlet's Kesolve. Though Mr. Montgomery iu these selections had not set out for himself such an arduous task as that he undertook on Monday evening in Macbeth, still it was one which put his powers to a severe test, and which no ordinary artist could have accomplished with satisfaction. In his hands, however, all the difficulties were sur mounted, and he succeeded, as he always has done, in; achieving success and securing the admiration of his hearers. The selections, though widely separated in the play, were charmingly woven together by Mr. Mont gomery's comments and descriptions of the omitted scenes. The first of the miscellaneous pieces, was Macaulay's spirit-stirring lay of. Horatius, the "leader of the dauntless three." This was followed by an exquisite little gem, by Gerald Massey, most touchingly rendered, " Our Wee White rose, or the Mother's Idol Broken.". ■ The laughable description :of Mr. and Mrs. Smith's dilemma.with Mrs. Stokes's baby concluded the entertainment. Mr. Mont gomery was to have given a trifle by the same writer entitled " Will you Marry a Parson, Miss Walker?" but he was unable to do so; the manuscript.of it having been mislaid. He made full amends, however, by reciting Edgar Allen Poe's poem of "the Bell's." During the. evening he took some good natured exceptions to the criticisms of the press upon his reading of Lady Macbeth; and said lie intended. to write a letter, showing that she was not the bad character it was attempted to make her. If the epistle is addressed to. us it will ^receive attention. The last evening's entertainment but one will.be given this evening. 