RIVERINE INTELLIGENCE. THE RACES.—Our readers, will observe a report in this issue of meetings held for tbe purpose of promoting the annual race meeting. So far matters have proceeded well. We congratulate the committee on the re-appointment of Mr. George Gillott as hon. secretary, which will insure a good race meeting we hope even in these dull times. MORT'S MEAT-FHEEZING PROCESS.—We invite attention to the advertisement on this subject in our present issue. It exhibits an amount of public spirit in Sydney on this subject, creditable to the intelligence of the merchants, bankers, and other prominent men of that city. If the experiment of sending home frozen meat should prove successful—and there is every appearance that it will be so—Mort, Morris, and their practical aid, Mr. , will deserve well of their country— Australia as well as England—as the relief, by vast exportations of meat from Australia to the mother country, will be advantageously felt in both. To the squatting interest this experiment is of the highest moment, and must be watched by the meat producers with the greatest interest. The next twelve months are fraught with much importance to the pastoral class. If Mort should succeed, squatting property will assume a more tangible and fixed value than it ever has in Australia. During the last twelve or fourteen years many squatters have been prosperous—some have made large fortunes, but by far the largest portion of them have been unsuccessful: The squatter, when he succnmbs to the times, rarely troubles the Insolvent Court; but he disappears from the scene of his labours, like Professor Pepper's ghost off the theatrical' stage. The mortgagee takes possession of the unluckv Crown tenant's run or runs, and he is left to begin the world arrain. Sic transit gloria mundi. The squatter has, however, valuable experience, as his remaining stock-in-trade, which he can turn to great advantage if he has health left. We trust Mi*. Mort may be fortunate enough to put squatting, matters on a better footing. THE BUTCHERING COMPANY.—We hear that operations are about to commence immediately. The company will first kill sheep only, and will retail mutton at little over cost price, for cash, over the counter. They will now have about eight months' favorable weather before them, and as the affair is in the hands of careful men, we should think that they have every chance of being successful. DERIMQCIN BKKWEBY.—We on Wednesday paid a visit to this well-conducted establishment-, superintended by Mr. M'Key, who is, we hear, a partner in the business with Mr. George Elliott, of Sandhurst. There is the same order, the same care, in every department of Deniliquin Brewery, that tttal-k. the famous Bendigo model, belonging to Mr. EUiott. We think that Deniliquin beer has rather the advantage of that brewed at Sandhurst, which we attribute to the superiority of the Edward River water; and the porter is somewhat superior to the beer. Attached to the steam machine is an excellent sodawater machine, and the sodawater is superior in quality to both beer and porter. It is but little inferior to Schwepp's world-renowned sodawater. We find that large quantities of it are sent to Melbourne, and that if the carriage did not make such serious inroads on the profits, Mr. M'Key say that he could keep his engine employed day and night for the supply of Melbourne alone. The both Deniliquins are supplied from the brewery with sodawater and lemonade; and as this is a very dry part of Australia, there is some excuse for Deniliquin folk when they require so much of these light beverages to moisten their parched-up clay. We are glad to hear that the business of the "brewery in ale, porter, and the lighter fluids, is rapidly increasing ; and that even the thirsty teamsters—whose throats must be lined with copper, to stand the hot, burning, fiery drinks sold as spirits—show a preference for the more nutritive though less stimulating beverage produced by Elliott and Co. We are sure that our settlers would be gratified by a visit to the brewery, where they will meet with a gentleman in Mr. M'Key, who would be much pleased to show them over the establishment. ROSENFELD BROTHERS' STORE.—This store, which is an ornament to the town, is the largest between Sandhurst and Goulburn, and the stock is excellently selected. Tbe interior is fitted up with great taste; and the goods are above the average in quality. Mr. I. Rosenfeld is in Melbourne selecting more stock; and on his return the firm intend to make a raid on the pockets of the hus- bands of the district, through the medium of their better-halves. MR. HENRY LEE.—Mr. Lee (in our advertising columns,) appeals to his debtors, and begs that they will pay up as they ought to' do. lie has been laid up by sickness for upwards of two months, and of course at great cost. Mr. Lee has always been known here as an honest and upright tradesman, and does not deserve bad treatment at the hands of his debtors. No man can be said to be honest who, when able to pay, neglects to do so. THE POSTMASTER'S ASSISTANT.—We are glad to hear that under the careful treatment of Mr. Noyes, Mr. Casey is recovering slowly; he is very weak and a change of air would be of the greatest benefit to him. Although born a gentleman, and having had a capital classical eduea tion, he has never been fortunate enough to win the smiles of the fickle goddess—Fortune. As we have several times stated, his salary is the munificent sum of £50 a year, and his duties extend over about fourteen, hours a day. His means will not permit of his going to Melbourne, and some of those who have had to acknowledge his attention to the duties of his office, may feel inclined to assist him to get that, which it is in dispensable he should have—sea bathing. If any of our country subscribers should feci :r.c!ined to contribute to a purpose that must be considered laudable, we shall be happy to take charge of their contributions, and to record them in our columns. STOCK AGENCY.—Mr. W. H. Graves has returned from Dubbo, where he has been to initiate an agency for the house which he represents, namely, Messrs. Ryan and Hammond. Mr. Kershaw is left in charge of the Dubbo business. Mr. Graves thinks nothing of eighteen hundred miles journey—he bestrides the country like a Colossus, and we would like to borrow his seven league boots. We trust that the Dubbo acorn which he has planted may bring forth a goodly oak, for the benefit of his enterprising employers. TRAFFIC THROUGH DENILIQUIN. — Twenty- one drays passed through the town in one day last week, with loading from Melbourne. There were large water machines for the back country among the loading, and there were upwards of 100 tons on the carriages. Yet Mr. Martin had the hardihood to say in the Sydney Assembly, that two drays a week would do all the work. DENILIQUIN HOSPITAL.—Remaining last week, 19; admitted, 2; discharged, 1; died, 0; remaiuing in hospital, 20. ACTING ASSISTANT POSTMASTER.— Mr. H. Saloshin, during Mr. Casey's temporary illness, was the latter's locum tenens. Mr. Saloshin was some time since sworn in the service, but hitherto his assistance has been gratuitous. LAND SALE.—Hay, Monday, March 9. THE following auctioneers' licenses have beer, granted :—August Becker, Menindie ; John Stokie, do. ; F. W. A. Bluett, Wagga Wagga; George A. Elliott, do. ; George Forsyth, do.; John Milsted, do.; Adolph Goldman, Wee Waa. RESERVE OR BOUNDARY-ROAD APPLIED FOR.—L. M'Bean, county of Waltool, parish of Woorooma— the road, 1 chain 50 links wide, fromMonlamein and Deniliquin road, passing through part of Lachlan M'Bean's portion 1 of 640 acres. APPLICATIONS TO PURCHASE UNDER THE LAND ACT.—Lachlan: Thomas Broughton, Muttama, 372 aores, county of Harden, parish of Burra, on Bongongalong Creek, portion 2; John Peter, East Thelangering, 640 acres, county of Waradgery, on the Lachlan River, portion 67-1; Do, Lake Walgiers, 640 acres, county of Walgiers, portion 67-1. Murrumhidgee: John Peter, Banandra, 240 acres, county of Boyd, parish of Tubbo, on the Edward River, portion 5a ; the Trust and Agency Company of Australasia (Limited), Burawang, 640 acres, county of Wakool, parish of Burrawong, on the Edward river, portion 1; do do, Wanganella North, 250 acres, county of Townsend, on Billabong Creek, portiou 57, 320 acres, do, do, portion 49, and G40 acres, do, on Forest Creek, portion 54; Hugh Glass, Noweronie, 632 acres, county of Urana, on Nowranie Creek, portion 6-67; John, Charles, aud Samuel Wilson, Yanko, 640 acres, county of Townsend, parish of Wononga, on Yanko Creek, portion 25-66; William Sloane, Ferdinand Spiro, and R. J. Jeffray, Mulwhely, 640 acres, county of Denison, parish of Mulwala, portion 208, and 160 acres, do, parish of Boomanoomana, portion 20; Myles Patterson and John Hunter Patterson, Conargo, 160 county of Townsend, parish unnamed, on Billabong Creek, portion 66-61, and 160 acres, do, do, portion 60. APPLICATIONS TO PURCHASE.—Lachlan: James Tyson, Chadwick and Phelps, No. 2, 640 acres; and on Toopruck, 640 acres. Murrumbidgee: H. H., A., P. H., and B. M. Osborne and George Hebden, Brookong or Urana Creek, 640 acres; John Peters, Uroly, 640 acres, and Barrandra, 640 acres. SHEEP DIRECTORS.—For Deniliquin—The Honorable P. A. Jennings, Esq., Warbreccan; Richard Blackwood, Esq., Hartwood; Alexander Landale, Esq., Deniliquin ; Henry Darlot, Esq., Bunyuhimlah; William Officer, Esq., Zara. For Urana-- Godfrey B. Mackinnon, Esq., Gonambil; Joseph Weir, Esq., Yanko; William- Rawlins, Esq., J.P., Yathong, Jerilderie; Cuthbert Fetherstonhaugh, Esq., Brookong; Charles M. Lloyd, Esq., Yamma, Jerilderie. For Albury—James M'Laurin, Esq., Yarra Yarra; Thomas Mitchell, Esq., Woomar- ama; Frederick Moore, Esq., Goonanbil; Ogle t loore, Esq., Dora Dora; S. Watson, Esq., Roundhill. For Hay—John Dow, Esq., Toganmain; Matthew Palmer, Esq., Cunoon; C. W. Simson, Esq., Mungadal; Peter Tyson, Esq., Corrong, Maude; Jas. A. Liscombe, Wargum. For Wagga Wagga.—Thomas W. Hammond, Esq., Junee ; John Holloway, Esq., Widgewa; Thomas A. Browne, Esq., Bundidgerie; John Cox, Esq., Pnlletop. PRE-EMPTIVE PURCHASES ALLOWED. — Lachlan district: Alexander Mackay, Walleenbeen, 220 acres. Murrumbidgee district : Henry George Lintott, Cunningardro or Cunningro, 254 acres; James M'Cnlloch and Robert Seflar, Collingully, 320 acres; Trust and Agency Company of Australasia (limited), Barratta, 320 acres; James Campbell Grassie, Poon Boon, 640 acres; James Wilson, Burrangong, 320 and 320 acres. SPORTSMAN'S ARMS, NORTH DENILIQUIN.—Mr. Thomas Stalley, so long and favourably known in these districts, has taken this hostelry. Mr. Stalley was formerly scab- inspector at Swan Hill, and has filled several avocations at Deniliquin. He is proved to be a man "of good name, fame, and reputation," as every innkeeper ought to be. • We wish him success in his new calling. SHEEP DIRECTORS.—For Bourke: Messrs. EdwJ. John Bloxham, Toorale; Robert Maurice Hughes, Toorale; Wm. Geddes Borron, Milroy; Edwd. Hart Acres, Buckambe; Henry Galloway Salmon, Brindingabla. For Wentworth: Messrs. Philip Hoskins Gell, Lake Victoria; Wm. Crozier, Mootherie; Peter M&cfarlane;, Maljee Cliffs; James Scott, jun., Para, John Rutherford, Tapio. MAIL CONTRATS.—T. J. Grice, between Booligal and Mount Mnrchison, pnee a week, with a twohorse coach, for £400 per anuum. MR. J. J. ROBERTS' INSOLVENCY.—On the 31st March, at eleven a.m., at the Court-room, Kaystreet, Sydney, Mr. Roberts will apply for his certificate. HALT BLIND.—A poor man, named John Downing, was brought to Deniliquin, nearly blind from blight. He was destitute, and Mr. James Taylor gathered for Downing money enough to seud him to Sandhurst. His fare was paid to the latter place, and he was given X6 10s. to assist him,—Mr. M'Key of the brewery, giving him an order for admission to this hospital. Downing wishes to return thanks to all who so generously assisted him, and to Mr. Jas. Taylor in particular. WONDERFUL ESCAPE.—Last evening Mrs. TIL Robertson, wife of Mr. Thomas Robertson, aoli f was driving her buggy with one horse in the end of Demliquin, when the ! rein got undc t horse's tail, and he bolted. Mrs. RobertsonFV v over to catch the rein, when the horse kicked . knocking off her hat. Three of her children v. J the carriage with her, and while the horse was 1 ing off wildly, one of them fell out on to the unhurt. A second fell between the wheel ^ f axle, where it was suspended by its clothes, jH were literally torn to tatters. Fortunately. Robertson, with great presence of mind, stuck •6 carriage, when at length the horse got some fences, which brought him to a stamlsij W RACE MEETING.—The committee mect pointed for Friday night hiving lapse.), requested by the hon. sec. to state th:it a "I will be held on Monday evening next, at S . r at the Boyal Hotel. T MENAGERIE AT DENILIQUIN.—A sale of I, > and monkeys will take place, near the lioyal ;S at 12 o'clock on Monday, by Mr. Salosbii: h leopards are the only pair in the colony, t S very handsome. g J'BE-EMPTIVE AND CONDITIONAL PPNCI:. E The Gazette, which we received on goini; , l e contains a long list of these, in the Murru::. : district which we will give in our next. > u BUSHRANGING ON THE LACHLAN.—We Ka: ; the Reporter than an armed bushranger ia sti.. his lawless trade upon the Lachlan river. days since the driver in charge of Mr. , travelling cattle was stuck up and robbed <,;', money he had about him, by this new c: l; ' D for the halter. The robbery was commutes ® immediate neighbourhood of Mr. Clement'.- The driver was ordered off the road int> i': ;. , and there searched.— Wagga Wagga .&;»>. jr AGE OF SHEEP—How DETERMINED.—TH, J sheep may be knowu by the. front teetli. X.. eight in number, and appear all of .1 size, i 1 second year the two middle [ ones fall out, place is supplied by two large ones, lntk ^ year a small tooth on each side. In tlie ^ year the large teeth are six in number. I11'! year the whole begin to get worn. In the r-S year the whole fall out or are broken, h that the teeth of ewes begin to decay at tiv c those of wethers at seven. ' e SIR ROGER TicHBoP-NE.- From a comim;i '„ of " Figaro's" to the Sydney Sporting Lije. -.v that Tom Castro (for we decline to give him; y to which he is now laying claim,) has ii;. y Messrs. Levy and De Lissa to enter actiuiis. . the Sydney Empire and the Albury articles they have published, reflecting K ;a Roger;" and his claims to the baronetcy. 1 • be hoped the Umpire and Banner have by il been brought to a due sense of tbe enormity ; offences, aud are now prepared to make full : ; tion to the injured feelings of our late ari>; townsman; but, inspiteof the pugnacious den.. J tions of Messrs. Levy and l)e Lissa, we n be surprised if they managed to survive, i; : u the threatened lawsuits of Castro, but lii< :- sions to tlie baronetcy into the bargain. - V Wagga Express. n THE AQUATIC TOURNAMENT.—The tour:F came off yesterday afternoon, at Moama, iu 1 sence of a large number of people, among «!., noticed several ladies. The assemblage v.a> v a very respectable character, ever_\ tiling v. . in the most satisfactory manner, and tlie ' r was all that could be desired. The event.-:. 1: a detailed report will be given 011 Saturday. up with that most amusing sport—a diu-k ; Mr. Major in tbe Duclcey Darling, took tlie n the duck ; time, fifteen minutes. Messrs. p Symington, Pullar, and others maimed m i with four oars each, having no coxswains, j j great deal of manoeuvring, which lasted o- r minutes, the duck was caught on being pi. lr the bank, when Captain Symington jump, board and caused him to make an unlucky which he was finally captured. Tliis hunt .to the utmost merriment, and concluded i!: amusements to the satisfaction, and amid -,. W laughter and cheers of those present.—/. ° Herald. o ONE of the pioneers who assisted at tho r ? up of the Albury district, Mr. Sebastian fx': n died at Albury on Wednesday last. In i--y with two of his fellow-countrymen, he ar: a Albury in lEnl. They took three acn; i among them, and formed the first vineyard ! is now so important a wine-producing district." BOILING-DOWN ESTABLISHMENT AT -M"" ^ is with much pleasure that we are able to .1;:. A the successful inauguration of a new indurt:;: at least in this part of tbe country—in our ® borhood. Mr. Davidson, of Moaiiia, havi:. pleted his arrangements for boiling-down s bis new establishment, to which he has '^' f name of Boileau, has been engaged dtirinir 1: week in rendering down his first lot of >! flock of between three and four thousa-.nl, ti O'Shanassy's run of Mnira. Fourteen bund: 0 sixty sheep had been slaughtered and inel!. . up to Saturday night last. The tallow, we is of a splendid description, and tbe boilin-j. whole, has turned out very satisfactorily, n standing that the boilers were new and s P rusty, the casks also ntw, and all the ap; ; P requiring use to bring them into perfect v P order. The first consignment of tallow «• warded by rail on Monday to Melbourne.lvi:. signed to Messrs. Goldsbrougli and Co. An i number of legs of mutton were sent to Sa during last week, and some sixty or sever.:- sold readily in Echuca. The enormous in.-;- last, and probable over production of next y. ^ render it necessary for tlie squatters to c!: .1 runs of superfluous stock. For thispnrpuv o boiling-down establishments have been tali but the great difficulties and expense that i.; be incurred in the production of tallow do r. 3 to be generally known. The most c.ircfiii a divided attention must be given to the wi>r» whole boiling may be ruined by sonic sliiiln> ness ; and it is absolutely necessary, in " r „ avoid great losses, that a regular estalii^ v with an organised staff, should be kept up. , evident that it is impossible to keep up a ? :" number of experienced men and butchers on : ^ ting station. Skilled coopers are also roiiui: i these are not at all times procurable. Tin- , carriage is a costly one, and requires giv:r e deration. We would recommend all par;: ; rested in the success of this undertaking, a i as regards the convenience of the squatter.-, i - as it affects the welfare and progress of t in* • to pay a visit to Mr. Davidson's cstalil:- where they will find everything in coniple;. a ing order. A11 inspection of the works ami:: s operation might be of use to those squ:itiv.''g may contemplate boiling down for theinseivi- w have Mr. Davidson's authority for saying il e advice or assistance in bis power to render : c ties, whether constituents or not, will rev., f cheerfully accorded. In conclusion, we f vise owners of stock to judge for themsiv visiting the establishment at Boileau. -! h Herald. w 