THE PEOPLE OF ENGLAND. A WRITER in the January number of the Dublin Review has collected some interesting statistics regarding the moral, religious, educational, and material condition of the lower classes in . England, which have a peculiar significance at the present moment. The late reform acts have given so large a portion of these classes the power of influencing Imperial legislation, and the questions now before the Imperial Parliament—particularly those concerning Ireland—are of such paramount importance, that it cannot but be interesting to Irishmen, to learn something about those who are soon to have so weighty a part in shaping the future of our native land. If the picture is a dark one—darker even than the gloomiest imagination might have painted—it is no fault of ours. We could not, even if we would, heighten its hideous ghastliness even in the smallest degree. Neither the weird-like touches of a Dore nor the sombre fancy of the author of the Inferm could increase the effect which must be produced by. the simple eloquence of the figures we are about to lay before our readers. First, with regard to the moral condition of the English people, the last annual report of the Judicial Statistics for England and Wales furnish the following really fearful account of " characters known to the police"—an account which is by no means exhaustive, as Dr. Pusey's evidence upon Oxford University very clearly proved. However, even as it stands, the figures it contains indicate a prevalence of crime is horrifying to contemplate. Known thieves and depredators, under sixteen „ over sixteen Receivers of stolen goods, under sixteen - „ „ ,, over sixteen Prostitutes, under sixteen • „ over sixteen Suspected persons (not actually convicted), under sixteen - over Bixteen - Vagrants and tramps, under sixteen - „ „ over sixteen - In addition to the above there were actually in prisons, &c.; Making a total of whicli it 3,823 18,963 56 3,022 1,197 24,717 3,844 24,736 5,955 27,236 41,529 155,095 The total number of commitments to prison, &c.;, during the year has been - 136,741 Cases of summary proceedings before magistrates showed an increase on the preceding year of 22,856, the number being - 481,770 The number of plaints entered in County Courts showed an increase on the preceding year of above 180,000 cases, the number being - " 872,446 If we add to all this that the number known to the authorities of illegitimate children born in England in 1864 was 47,448, that in five years (18G0-64) they numbered 227,661, and that in thirty years the population of England increased less than one-third, and the number of illegitimate children more than doubled; and if we add still further that the number of infamous houses in England of which the police have official cognisance is no less than 20,249, we must be astounded at the immorality—enormous beyond that of all the Catholic nations of the Continent put together, and yearly increasing in extent—which disgraces the civilisation of those who once boasted to be the cives Romani of our times. But we have not seen all yet. The coroners' inquests inform us that the number of verdicts during the past year for murder was 272, and that of these cases 166 were of infants under one year; that the number of persons who died from excess of drink was 373; that the number of attempts at suicide was 638, and that the number of those who actually succeeded in destroying themselves was 1,360. As to infanticide, a crime becoming daily more common in England, it is impossible to arrive at anything like an exact estimate; but Dr. Lankester, a well-known authority on this subject, asserts that the number of children annually murdered after birth must be at least 4,000. The number, however, he informs us, is not the most alarming fact connected with this species of crime. What is still more serious is, that " the police, seeing the cases of infanticide had become so common, had apparently given up all idea of preventing it, and no longer exerted themselves to discover the perpetrators of such murders." If we turn from these statistics to the six volumes of Reports of the Children's Employment Commission (1863-67), we find in the words of Mr. Bampfield that " from the mouths of master and workman, parent and child, of schoolmaster and clergyman, in scores of cities and towns, and villages, through the length and breadth of England, there runs one horrible, ghastly tale of utter ignorance of God, of children steeped in immorality, of entire neglect on the part of parents, of avarice and drunkenness, and blasphemy and filth, of homes which are not homes at all, but mouths of hell." Nor let it be thought that these horrors are confined to large towns. The most degraded classes in England are, perhaps, the agricultural and brickfield gangs. Of the latter a foreman in Cornwall says " the obscenity is shameful. People talk of miners and navvies, but their language is nothing compared to that of men in a brickfield." The "brickie" is described as in " utter want of religion, or of any religious feeling of any kind, ridiculing religious observances on the Sunday, of sullen demeanour, and filthy, indecent, shameless habits, with disposition to cruelty." As to the agricultural gangs, we have taken the trouble to read the whole of the evidence, but the greater portion of it' is so foul that we can only quote the least objectionable passages in it. These gangs are made up of men, women, boys, and girls, and their lives, according to the report to which we refer, are worse than bestial. A clergyman says of them— " I should think that 95 per cent, of those who work in gangs never go to any place of worship; the fact being that the system so brutalised the character that they had no taste for a place of worship. They needed to be civilised before they could be Christianised. I have been to Sierra Leone, but I have seen shameless wickedness in such as I never witnessed in Africa." Amongst large numbers of these unfortunate creatures it was found that God; the Bible, the Saviour, a Christian, even a future state, were ideas entirely or all but unknown. " The devil is a good person; I don't know where he lives," says one ; " Christ was a wicked man," says another ; "the Bible is not a book," stoutly affirms a third. Imagine the conditions of mind these answers pourtray: it is inferior to that of savages, who, at least, have some notions of a supernatural existence, however vague and monstrous they may be. In talking of the moral status of the lower classes in England, we have necessarily had to touch to some extent upon their religious condition ; but there is one phase of this portion of our subject to which we must devote a separate pararaph : it is the hold which Deism, Pantheism, Rationalism, Materialism, and practical Atheism are taking of the English people, high and low. These blighting doctrines are cherished and advocated in the noblest and most polished circles, held in secret by pious-faced shopmen, openly proclaimed in filthy, purlieus, and rankly flourishing over the whole face of the land. One journal at least in which they are championed has an immense circulation; and the demand for infidel works has increased so largely of late that it has now become customary to stereotype everything in this way which is published. There are three or four establishments in London alone where printing presses are exclusively engaged on these and kindred publications, and there are hundreds of men whose sole business is their circulation. There are, moreover, lecture rooms, or halls, scattered through all the great cities of England in which the fiendish sneers of Voltaire, the blasphemous drivellings of Tom Paine, and the more fashionable novelties of Renan and Auguste Comte, are served up almost nightly for the entertainment and edification of the masses. This active and extended organisation is, we are told, bearing abundant fruit: the result already is that in many large populations not one in five hundred are baptised or attend any place of worship. The ignorance of the English millions is, as may be expected, quite as great as their immorality or their irreligion. Dr. Gover, Principal of the Worcester, Lichfield, and Hereford Training College, affirms that " less than half our population of school age are being fitted by education for their future dutiesand with regard to adults, the last complete report of the Registrar-General for 1866 shows that 28| per cent, of the couples married during that year were unable to sign their names, "an accomplishment," remarks the writer in the Dublin Review, " possessed by many who can write nothing else." But it may be thought that if the people of wealthy Engand are ignorant, irreligious, and immoral, they at least enjoy n extraordinary amount of material welfare, and that worldly rosperity smiles upon the work of their brawny arms and heir skilful hands. Even this consolation, however, is denied s. The figure cut by England at the late French Exhibition even in those trades in which the possession of iron and cotton, gave her for some time a pre-eminence is admitted on all hands to be inferior to that of many continental countries. Whether it be owing to this or to the embittered relations which have for a long time existed between employers and employed in England, we know not; but certain it is that the number of paupers subsisting on workhouse relief, according to the last complete annual return published by the Poor Law Board (exclusive, of course, of thousands who depend on private bounty and the chances of the day), had increased during the year by 81,175, and had reached the unparalleled number of 963,200. That is to say, in England one man out of every twenty is a pauper, and some of the remaining nineteen are beggars—a proportion never attained by any country outside the dominions of Great Britain. Squalid misery, intellectual and moral debasement, infidelity and crime, such are the most striking lines in the hideous portrait on which we have been gazing; nor is there any redeeming feature—all is odious and repulsive to the last degree. We turn from it in sorrow rather than in indignation, for it saddens the heart to see the image of God so utterly degraded —so infamously defiled. THE Ministerial elections for Ballarat West and Soutli Bourke came off on Monday, and those for Yilliers and Heytesbury and the Ovens on Wednesday. In South Bourke, through some unaccountable blindness of perception and perversity of taste, the constituency preferred Mr.'Crews to Mr. O'Grady, the latter gentleman polling only 919 votes against 993 recorded in favour of his opponent. In Ballarat West, Mr. Gillies was defeated by 300 votes, the numbers being 2,363 for him against 2,663 for Mr. C. E. Jones. But in. Villiers and Heytesbnry, and also in the Ovens, the result was different, and the majorities obtained by the Ministerial candidates were much above those by which the " Loyal Liberal Association " men gained their seats in the other constituencies. In Villiers and Heytesbnry, Mr. M'Donnell polled 918 votes, Mr. Bayles 669, and Mr. Cock 591 only. For the Ovens, Mr. Kerford polled 1,233 votes, and Mr. Berry only 1,035. MB. JOSEPH JONES, of Ballarat, has entered a protest against the return of Mr. C. JE. Jones for Ballarat West, on the ground that the deputy-returning officers were not appointed in writing under the hand of Mr. J. Gray, the returning officer, as required by the Act. IN our Catholic intelligence we publish, under the heading of North America, a letter that will be perused by our readers with much pleasure, as it bears evidence of the Irishman's hospitality and attachment to his faith wherever he may be placed, or however far removed from the confines of civilisation. It is from a Jesuit priest who has spent many years of his life in laborious service as a missionary priest among the North American IndianB, and who was about to return among some of the most dangerous tribes, for the purpose of executing an important commission in the interests of peace, with which he had been intrusted by the American Government. THE celebrations of Her Majesty's birthday on Monday last differed in no respect from those of previous years. There was a review of Regulars and Volunteers at St. Kilda Park, a levde at the New Exhibition Building, water excursions by steamboats, and in the evening special performances at the Royal and Duke of Edinburgh theatres, a musical festival at the Princess' in aid of the Alfred Memorial Fund, a concert at St. George's Hall under the direction of Herr Schott, and balls at the Trades' Hall and one or two of the Orderly Rooms. WE do not publish without some hesitation the correspondence in this number, as the writers have, in a few places, given somewhat more free expression to their just indignation than we wish to encourage. There is, however, some excuse for the warmth of their temper so early after the misdoings of which they complain, and we have been on that account induced to overlook it in their present communications. THE St. James' Readings, postponed from the previous Monday, were given in the Chapel-school, Richmond, on Wednesday evening last. The Rev. W. Kelly, S.J., occupied the chair, and added considerably to the evening's entertainment, by relating in his quairft and humorous manner, "a Ghost Story." The following ladies and gentlemen assisted : as vocalists, Mrs. Power, Miss O'Hara, Miss Houston, Mr. Joseph Pashly, and Mr. Lamont; by reading and reciting, Messrs. Field, Hayes, O'Brien, Pennyfather, and James Winter. The Schoolroom was well filled. The chairman stated the Readings would be continued on Monday evenings as heretofore. WE perceive that the Popular Readings, given under the auspices of the Melbourne Catholic Young Men's Society, will take place in St. Francis' Hall, on Monday evening next, June 1st. THE monthly meeting of the St. Patrick's Society will be held on Tuesday evening next, in the Society's Hall. THE public have received the decision of the Hospital Committee in the case of Dr. Moloney, and have unequivocably condemned it. Outside the majority who carried the resolution for that gentleman's dismissal there is no one, we believe, who does not believe that his slight infraction of rules has been visited upon him by a punishment in its severity greatly disproportionate to his venial offence. This impression prevails so generally and strongly, there can be no doubt but that the subscribers to the institution would take the matter up if the honorary medical officers had not. with great propriety and good taste, interfered in behalf of Dr. Moloney, and also of Dr. Rees, who sent in his resignation in consequence of the harsh treatment the former gentleman met with. At a meeting of the Committee, held on Tuesday, when the resignation of Dr. Rees came on for consideration, a letter from eight members of the honorary staff was read, asking the Committee to refuse to accept it, and to re-appoint Dr. Moloney, as his offence was venial, and he had been charged with no neglect of duty to his patients; but as a week's notice of motion for such a purpose was necessary, that preliminary step was the only one that could be then taken. But that was done, and conjointly with it the consideration of Dr. Rees's resignation was postponed for a week. Dr. Semple, till recently a resident physician of the establishment, but now in private practice at Kilmore, has written to the Argus to relieve Dr. Moloney from exclusive blame; and from this gentleman's statement it does appear that Dr. Moloney has been punished for the whole honorary staff's slight and harmless infringement of rule. The conduct of Dr. Rees and Dr. Semple is very creditable to them, and the interposition of the honorary staff in behalf of their juniors is honorable to them. 