NIGHT SCENES IN MELBOURNE No. 11 A PAWNBROKER'S SHOP ON SATUR- DAY NIGHT. Next to a cemetery in a " quiet neighbour- hood" a pawnbroker's shop is the most melan- choly place possible. The chest of drawers, the silver spoons arranged starwise in the win- dows, the china punch-bowl, even the -jagged and dog's-eared volumes that are bundled contemptuously into a corner, all speak of better days, and tell tales of poverty and wretchedness. An atmosphere of misery seems to pervade the place. The old coats that swing by the napes from their support- ing pegs suggest ideas of suicide, and the -old boots that turn up their toes defiantly at the world have a despairing and reckless ex- pression. The pictures are begrimed and dusty, the clocks and watches are all silent and useless; even the set of flat-irons which lie rusting in idleness tell a tale of improvi- dence and want. The place is the apotheosis of in- congruity. Gold moidores, once the pro- perty of swarthy sailors, now repose in- termingled with the Brummagem jewellery of some unlucky "mobsman." Yon little gold watch, that once ticked at the waist of beauty, now hangs cheek by jowl with the plethoric, turnip- faced timepiece of " Fo'k'sle Harry." A child's coral lies on the top of a revolver case ; and a family Bible, once the cherished property of some country home in far off England, now peeps forth from be- neath a Book of Beauty, stolen by an ab- sconding footman. All the odds and ends, the waifs and strays of civilisation, find their way here. Officers' epaulettes, cavalry sabres, special constables' staves, cabin compasses, prize rowing cups, silver-mounted whips, sword-canes, and ships quadrants,-all are as fish to the voracious net of this fisher in troubled waters. A pawnbroker's is often the mainstay of a poor neighbourhood. It keeps the miserable fag-ends of labour to- gether. It is the poor man's bank. The most thriving pawnshops are found in the most poverty-stricken streets. The profits of the establishment arise not so much from the value of the articles pledged as from their number, consequently it is in the poor, over-crowded streets that these places flou- rish most. The large, pretentious houses, whose plate-glass windows gleam gorgeous with jewellery and gems beneath the flashing lamps, lend principally large sums upon plate and diamonds ; but to see the business in its details we must descend lower down the social ladder. In those streets where cabbage stalks rot in the gutters, where the public house doors are always on the swing, where potatoes and coals are the chief articles of traffic, where "easy shaving" can be had for a penny, and shirtsleeved men, with coun- tenances like amiable bulldogs, lean against posts all day, puffing at short pipes ; where children are plentiful, and soap and water scarce ; in streets where the passing police- man is eyed askance, and where ladies who testify " how much they have loved their lords" stand with folded arms at their door- ways conversationally vituperative; Where dirt is the rule and cleanliness the excep- tion,-there the " three balls" hang golden and triumphant. It is to one of these shops that we must go if we wish to leam the details of the trade, Let us go, then, to-'s, at the corner of - and-streets. It is nine o'clock on Saturday night, and the work is fast and furious. The shop is a spacious one running nearly half way up, the street, and is divided into compartments of various classes of goods; one portion of the shop being devoted to the making of garments, not the lending on them. Saturday nights is the great night for redeeming'; and though most of the articles taken out are put in again before the middle of the week, it is considered "the thing" to be able to wear a Sunday coat on Sundays. We enter through a side-door, and encasing ourselves be hind the screen which hides the " safe" from public gaze, we take a glance round the shop and its occupants. There are but two doors through which the customers enter one conducting to the counter, the other to a number of little boxes, constructed for the convenience of bashful borrowers. Long ranges of shelves line the walls and run far back into the recesses of the shop. These shelves aro loaded with goods-shirts, boots, clothes, linen, and books-all arranged according to their value and class. The articles in the shop, however, are for sale all pledges being deposited (in the rooms above, whither we will go presently. Up the centre of the open space, and close to the counter, runs the "spout." '-'s was the first shop in Melbourne where this clas- sical machine was introduced. The "spout" is simply a long wooden pipe, down which the bundles of pledges are thrown by the assistants. A bag, with a string attached, hangs down it, and when an article is required the ticket is placed in the bag, which is drawn up by the clerk above, who then flings the pledge down the spout to the expectant customer. One great portion of the business done on Saturday is "parting," which consists in redeeming a portion only of the whole pledge. For example: -A working man has pawned his Sunday clothes. Not having enough money to pay back the full value of the loan, he enters into an arrangement with the pawnbroker by which he is enabled to take out his coat for a certain sum, and leave the other garments. This method of proceeding is greatly fa- voured by improvident and needy persons. Indeed, in some families articles are kept expressly to pawn, and are never used save for that purpose In the same way that a rake will often insure his life "so that he can borrow money on the policy," so will a working man purchase an expensive coat or watch in order to " pop it" when needful. The crowd seem to favour the counter door. They are nearly all regular customers, and have no shame at being discovered in a pawnshop. It is only at first that a pang of rcmorse is felt at entering the doors. Two clerks are employed entering the names of the pledges and the value of the articles pledged,in hugo folios, and the little house- hold wares aro tossed about with a business- like contempt that has something repulsive in it to the eye of a stranger. To the pawnbroker it is simply a matter of busi- ness, and he tosses the bundles about, calls out to his clerks above, opens out coats, inspects undergarments, and ticks off the numbers of watches with the same calm in- difference. The bag flies up and down. Fresh tickets come pouring in. The assist- ants in the upper rooms are running hither and thither with desperate rapidity, and bundle follows bundle down the wooden spout in apparently endless succession. Here is a woman wanting a flannel petti- coat ; here a man who calls loudly for "Them boots, Mister." There stands a miserable creature with a flimsy piece of " looped and windowed raggedness" which she terms a"skirt," and upon which she is de- sirous of obtaining the sum of eighteen pence ; and going out at the door is, the decently dressed wife of a working man, bearing,a bundle of her husband's shirts, pledged dur ing the week for three shillings and six- pence. The pawnbroker-called "uncle," "old son," "old man," "old bloke," and "Uncle Toby" by his customers -is holding up a much frayed and tattered silk mantle, which its owner-a bold-faced young woman-declares, with many oaths, to be "worth ten bob, and no ________flies!" In the corner slouches a grimy woe- begone and drunken ruffian, who, in a voice husky with gin, demands " a half- bull orf this 'ere ring, mato !" The ring is one of those mur derous nuggety ones which are in favour with the class to which our friend evidently belongs, because of their usefulness as "knuckle-dusters" in a scrimmage -- the projecting ornamentation being excellent for opening a vein, or penetrating an eye- ball. "Uncle Toby" views the article with knowing eye, and after some scrntiny ad- vances the money. The ring is perhaps stolen, and our friend has been already "spotted" by Fox, who, from his station be- hind the screen, is on the look-out for his "lambs," as he terms them. Some pawnbrokers do a little quiet "fenc- ing," or purchasing stolen goods- that is to say, they do so when there is but little risk of ultimate detection. Articles of clothing, linen, &c;, which are difficult of identification, are purchased or taken in pledge without much attention being paid as to where they came from ; but with watches, rings, and brace- lets the case is different, and most pawn- brokers will give information to the police if they imagine any of their pledges to be stolen property. Indeed, an experienced thief always has his private "fence," and it is only greenhorns and young hands at the game who would think of taking a good "swag" to a "pop- shop." Some owners of pawn-offices, however, make their legiti- mate business a cover for the more profitable and hazardous pursuit ; and not long since a pawnbroker in L-street was sentenced to three years imprisonment for this of- fence. He was of established and apparently respectablc reputation, but had been for years carrying on business as a "fence" for plate and jewellery. Upon the detectives searching his house, an enormous store of stolen goods was discovered in a recess con- trived between the walls, and more than £3,000 worth of property brought to light. The "parting" and redeeming are being car- ried on with vigour. All manner of incongruous articles appear on the counter-fire-irons boots, shoes, petticoats, watches, and books. Many are paying money, but more are borrowing it. Saturday night is the night for payment of salaries ; but it is also the day before Sunday, and a Sunday's dinner is con- sidered to be de rigeur among the respect- able poor ; consequently those unfortunates who are paid fortnightly are reduced to the necessity of pawning some ornamental piece of property, to procure the required luxury. Among the poorer class, portions of clothing seem to be the favourite securi- ties, and after a few days' warm weather, great-coats, cloaks, and capes pour in by dozens ; but clocks, china ornaments, and expensively-bound books-not to speak of the always-ready watch, scarf-pin, or ring -are among the usual pledges offered at the Saturday night's counter. The business done is all of the same nature, and after half-an-hour or so,we have seen all we want, the only amusement, after the first burst of curiosity, being to speculate on the varied and strange faces of the customers. Almost every lower type of face appears over the greasy counter. The neat, poorly dressed-woman, who, with her baby at her breast, waits patiently until her turn comes ; the drunken, loud-voiced woman of the town; the beetle- browed and villanous "magsman;" the honest, bluff, and sturdy working man ; the withered and skinny beldame, whose arms are like the roots of some gnarled and rugged beech-tree, and whose face is a very study of' wrinkles ; the bashful shop-boy, who, yet new to debauchery and its con- comitant evils, stands with hat slouched over his brows and comforter drawn up to his eyes, while he pledges his silver watch to buy a night "on the loose ;" the recklessly defiant and rakishly-dressed new arrival of the Montague Tigg stamp, who is too idle to work, and as yet too proud to beg or steal, and who attempts to swagger with the shop- man as he offers a Brummagem scarf-pin to pay for his next day's lodging-all come and go, in rapid succession. Business, however, is getting a little slacker, and ''we accept ______'s offer to visit the rooms above. "Such a collection of articles ! Four large spart- ments are boiling over with pledges. The shelves bristle with tickets. Here huge boxes are overflowing with shirts; here enormous packing-cases are piled high with boots. Crinolines hang dangling from the rafters, meerschaum pipes are stacked against the walls, concertinas, violins, and cornets-a-piston speak the distress of the mu sical profession ; and some twenty rapiers, broadswords, and daggers testify to the small ness of theatrical salaries, or the improvi- dence of theatrical people. Kemble is reported to have said that "scarcely one actor in a hundred could boast of having never visited a pawnshop," and the truth of his re- mark appears to be confirmed here. Crowns, sceptres, and embroidered cloaks are all visible, Here hangs the dagger-there the bowl. " Pro- perties" of all kinds are in pledge ; and the lute of the Troubadour rests lovingly against the suit of "complete steel" in which the ghost of Elsinore "revisited the glimpses of the moon." Were we inclined for sentimental medita- tion, we could find ample food for fancy in the incongruous articles around us, each of which has its little history. Here is a col- lection of gorgeously-bound prayerbooks, and on opening one we read : ' ___________" B, Somerset, 15th May, '51.-- " Presented to Mar_______ on her seventeenth birthday, with the best wishes and prayers of her affectionate mother." The poor soul who owned this volume must have seen many troubles since she left "B-_____,Somerset." In a corner stand two, instruments rarely seen in Victoria. They are barrel-organs of the true London type, one of which cost £40, and has been pledged for £7. Such articles as these always go for less than their real value. Pawn- broker aro compelled to sell by auction (though this rule is not always kept), and they naturally prefer articles which are of general use and which can be sold easily. The usual loan is a fourth of the real value of the pledge but to old customers, and to those who are known always to redeem their pledges, more is sometimes given. A large floating capital is required to conduct a business profitably ;-_____has about £1,500, out in loans (mostly upon wearing apparel, in sums averaging about 5s.), and his profits, excluding the half-yearly sales, average £20 a week. Persons often pledge articles for a fiftieth of their value, and never return to claim them. Six months is usually allowed to elapse after the expiration of the time mentioned on the ticket before the unredeemed pledges are sold, but, as we have said, this rule is not always kept. Thefts are rare, but on two occasions the key of the safe was stolen, and once _______was robbed of his watch at the theatre, and the next evening had it handed to him over the counter as a pledge. The thief, however, was a very young hand, and expiated his mistake by eight months in gaol. Before leaving we inspected the jewellery, and were shown pledges to the value of £1,200. The largest sum ever lent by on a single pledge was £70. A large trade is done in diamond bracelets, rings, &c;, which are usually pledged by the higher class of loose women, and by tradespeople, who will select a shop out of their own neighbourhood, and where they imagine they will not be known ; and it is curious, and somewhat significant, to learn that ladies of high standing in society, whose husbands are reputedly wealthy, have often brought their jewels to -_____'s establishment for the same reason. According to the Riverine Herald, the Echuca people do not like being left without a police magistrate by the removal of Dr, ' Strntt; and an addition to tho number of justices is also said to bo required there, 