CAMPBELL'S CREEK ROAD BOARD: A meeting ot tue a uova body" was held last evening. Present : Messrs Paulson (Clinirihan), Stephens, Tolstrup, Gidsft, and Dickenson. Tho usual preliminary business Was transacted. iNWMfiD CoririESriONbENCE. From the Ky ne- ton Shire Council/ stating that a pjrain market had been opened at Kynotori ; received. From, tho Roads and Bridges Department, acknow ledging receipt of letter enolosing name of chairman; received, From the Post Office De- partment, stating that tbo appointment of a letter-carrier at Campbell's Creek was under consideration; received. From tho Newstead Shire Council, stating tho Council declined to approve of the road via Bald Hill being pro claimed a main read ; received. Tho Chairman thought tlife Council had not acted nt all straight forward. They hnd allowed it to bo understood that they would assist towards getting the road proclaimed a main road. From tho toll-rorid manager, enclosing cheque for £22 Os 8d ; re ceived. Surveyor's Report.— The only item in the toport which called for consideration wss iho matter of certain repairs to tho toll house. It was resolved that the whole Board should examine the building oir Friday (to-day) 'at 'about 5 p.mv The Reserve.— Tub res'ervb keeper, stated that the shrubs and trees required watering, and otherwise tending, and repairs were required to fence, eto. Several polea put tip by persons to Whom the Board had allowed (be rise of the reserve had not been removod. Tho Board re solved to visit the reserve, abd See what was ne cessary to be done. Accounts. — Removal of toll bouse, £18 19s 6d. A deposit was ordered to be retained un til tbo house was examined by the Board. Cockrem, painting,- £2. Crosbie, £1 7s fid. Motion. — Tho Chairman moved (hilt at tho best meeting tlie Surveyor bfirig bp plans for Kerrigan's footbridge, the work to be dorio Within three months. Mr Dickbhsoft Sebobded. Carried. Letter Boxes.— Mr Dickenson moved that steps be taken to have a letter receiving box at each end of the Creek. Carried. Tenders. — The Board ' for some considerable time in cominittfeo considered the tenders sent in for assessing the district, and on resuriiing announced thilt it had been resolvod riot to ac cept either. A foolish fellow went tho parish priest end told him, With a. very long face, that lie had Seen a ghost. "When and where f Said the paster. " Last night," replied- the timid, "I wne passing by the church, and up against the wall of it I did be hold the Bpeotre." " In what ehipo did it appear " It appeared in tbo shape of a great ass," waS the reply. " Go home, and hold your tonguo about it," rejoined tho pastor; "you aro a vory timid man, and havo been frightened by your own shadow." 