QUEENSLAND PARLIATENT. (Sbridgedfrom the Brisbabe papers.) LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. WNDRSDAY, Jrma? ? 22. CROWN LANDS SALE BILL. In committee on this bill on schedule B, Mr. NOBnco moved an amendment to the effeot that the Burnett district should be included in the settled distriote. Mr. ParoB opposed the amendment, and contended that there was quite sufficient land in the settled die tricts already. Mr. GOEn alo would oppose the amendment. He did not think the Burnett district fitted to the wants offpople likely to take up land. Mr. NoRTon remarked that some of the gentlemen in another place would not have supported the bill had their runs been included in the settled districts. He had not seen the ghost of an argument why the whole of the country bhad not been so included. Mr. Frtz said that hlie considered the bill proposed to reserve a much larger quantity of land than would be required, and he therefore could not support the amendment of the hen. gentleman. In answer to.Mr. BImE, Mr. Pa?on said the schedule of the bill was exactly the same as the original schedule&roposed; by the late Government so far as the range was concerned. The amendment was then put, and negatived, anod the schedule was passed witlhout amendment. The remaining schedules were passed without amendment. The committee then proceeded to consider the clauses which had been postponed. Clause 1 was passed without amendment. O- clause 2 (terpetation Clause), Mr. Frez moved an amendment, that ' second clas pastoral lands" should be described as "all country lands not agricultural or flrst-class pastoral." The amendment was agreed to. The pa ph referring to improvements was Samendebyth insertion of the word "reservoir," and the clame as amended passed. Clause 69 (Right of pasltoral tenant to depasture), Mr. M'DouoaLL moved that the word "one-bealf' )se substituted for "one-third" in the fourth line of the clause. Mr. BroE suggested that two-thirds would be better. Mr. Noann did not think that any restriction at all was necessary. Mr. GoBE thought it would be well if the hon. gentleman would withdraw the amendment, with the view of omitting the first part of the clause altogether. Mr. M'DoeracL was willing to withdraw his amend ment in favour of that suggested by Mr. Gore. Mr. FPrz congratulated the honMr.r. Gore upon his having taken an equitable view of the matter. Mr. Pizon desired that the amendment of Mr. Gore should be withdrawn. He was prepared to accede to some of the alterations which had been pro posed, but he must oppose the anmndment of the heon. gentleman. sr. M'Do.?ar said that on many of the runs that were resumed under the bill, it was probable-that no selections would be made for years to come, and it would be monstrous to prevelt the lessees from making use of the land in the meantime. - Mr. Nont?on considered that such a dog-in-the manger policy would be worthy the severest repro bation. The amendment was then agreed to. Clause 74 (Homestead), Mr. PFrt said there were so many different opinions hold with reference to these homestead clauses that it was dificult to say which'would obtain the most sup port. For his own part he considered they were un just in the extreme. They had now something like 60,000 persons in the colony who had received land under the land-order system for coming here; what claim had they to a further grant ? It was desired to introduce an industriouspopulation from the mother country, and their principal means of doing so con sisted an the land. His idea was that the homestead clauses should be omitted altogether, and that they should revert to the old land- order system. The colony was nerer so proespeirbus as when that system as under full operation. (Hear, hear.) It was de sirabsle that artizana and mechanics should be brought to the colony; but it was not likely they would come here to farm. What advantage then would the homestead clauses be to them P Ho thought the clauses would do no good, and he would, therefore, more that clause 74 be omitted. Mr. Paloa said that, if these clauses were not passed, the bill would probably be thrown out altogether. HI trasted that they would be passed in their entirety. A great many clauses lihad been altered, but as yet tle principle of the bill had not been interfered with to any great extent. It would, however, make a material difference in the measure if the homestead clauses were not passed. Mr. GORE wanted to know if the hen. gentlomah would object to an amendment making the homestead areas ten miles from any railway. Mr. Psaon said he would oppose such an amond moent. Dr. Honus said he trusted lthat hen. gentlemen would not oppose these clauses; if they did, they would certainly throw the Land Bill out, and the result would be one universal cry of "freo selction all over thie colony." There was a disposition to treat the squatters liberally now, but it would certainly not continue if they threw out the bill. Mir. TnonsTovn was surprised that any hon. mem ber had the temerity to advocate a return to thle land-order system-a system whlich had filled the streets with prostitutes and the gaols withll thlieves. Experience had shown that tlhat system was a delu sion and a snare. He contended that nothing better could be suggested for introducing a stream of immi gration than the homestead clauses. They were cal culated to bring among us a class of yeoman farmers, weho would be the mainstay of the colony, as they had proved to be in every other country. To carry out the old land- order system in its integrity would re quire the expenditure of a large sum of meesey annu: ally, while the homestesad clauses would have the de- I sired effect of bringing immigrants of the best class here, without putting the colony to a farthing ex pense. They wanted to put a class of men on the agricultural lands of the colony, who would grow cot ton, sugar and other products fot which the climate and soil were admirably adapted. ["r. M'Doronr : "A pauper population would never be able to grow sugar ; it reqmures ecapital."] He maintained that the clase of people to whom he referred--yeoman farmers -would beenabled to enter into agricultural pursuits with as great chances of success a were possessed by the capstalists. He was exceedingly soarry to see that certain heon. gentlemen shlould so persistently desire to inmporil the measure by totally altering its character. Mr. M'Dlouo?r.L said he was not very much wedded to the old land-order system; but he was certain that it was the abuse of that system whichl had rendered it unsuccessful. He could tell the hen. gentleman, Mr. Thornton, that the proposed homestead system was quite as susceptible of abuse as was thie land-order system. (Hear, hear.) He thought it was wrong to delude people-to inveigle them here under false pre toeces: to tell them that they could get a living, when they could do nothing of the hind. He would like to know what a man who landed in the colony withl nothing in hIis pocket could do even if he took up a piece of land under the homestead regulations. He would be compelled to go to the pastoral lessee for assistance; and, even supposing that hle did succeed in dragging out a miserable existence for five years, how would the colony benefit by that P What good could result from thus getting rid of the best lands of the colony for nothing, whene thiere was a good clhancce of obtaining a revenue from it? Would thie hon. gentleman who had last spoken treat a portion of his own patrimony that way ? Would hle not, if he re quired mnoney, rather sell his land than give it away withl only a very remote chance of getting any bonefit from it ? He (Mr. M'Dougall) ssaintaincd thlat that was tilhe proper light in whichs to regard the question; and, thlerefore, he would support the amendment of his heon. friend. MIr. HEUStoL considered that the Land Bill in its present shlape would not do. (Hear, hear.) He con sidered that they hlad no right to give land away to people who lad already received a bonus for coming to the colony under the land-order system. [Mr. Taoun?sao : "Those people had all left the colony."] He desired to call the attention of hen. gentlemen to the fact that tihe land of the colony was thie only capital they possessed. They hlad plenty of debts; and what folly it would be if, instead of applying their capital towards paying the interest of these debtle, they were to give it away to people who would not be in a position to turn it to anyaccount. The amount of revenue per head would have been a great deal more than it had been if they had obtained as much as they could have done from the land. By advocating suet senseless clauses as tlhese what could hon. gentlemen be thinking ofP He was sure that his hon. friend the Collector of Customs could not have his heart in them. Let them sell the lands, and bring out immi grants with the proceeds. Why not change the land for population ? r. Poato defended the clauses. Ho had no doubt, howeror, that hoen. members had made up their minds how they intended to vote, and the sooner the com mittoo divided the better. If the clauses were thrown out thle responsibility would fall on the hon. gentle men who voted against them. (Hear, hear.) Mr. NosToN said he thought thehomestead clauses had been adopted in another place without suoiient consideration. They had been passed in b much too hurried manner. He would call the attention of hen. gentlemen to the fact that the clauses would enable a man, providing lie was twenty-one years of age, to go straight from gaol and demand eighty or one hundred and sixty acres of land, s the case might be. There was nothing in the bill to hinder this class of persons from obtaining grants of land; and he would like to know if that would result in a desirable state ofthings. What would prevent cattle- stealers from the sister colony of New Southl Wales, whose selections there had become too hot for them, from crossing the border, taking up land under the homestead clauses, and carrying on the nefarious occupation? What would be the use of one hundred and sixty acres of land on a barren ridge to an industrious man, intent on obtaining an honest living by agriculture and dairy farming? He did consider, too, tlat if there was the shadow of a suspicion on the mind of the Go vernment thlat agriculture would not pay, they were very much to blame for endeavourinug to pass such clauses as those under discussion, in order to induce poor people to go upon the land. Mr. FITZ would ask the Postmaster-General if tile majority of his colleagues wore not opposed to the homestead clauses, and had expressed their opposition. Mr. PBlon said it was scarcely a fair question. But in answer to the hen. gentleman he might state that he himself was in favour of the homestead clauses, as were some of his colleagues, while others were un favourable to them. Tbhe bill was not the production of the Government; but for that he desired to see it pass, as ho believed that its operation would be of great benefit to the colony. Mr. FITz again contended that the clauses would do a great'deal of harm. He would, therefore, press his amendment; and if it were carried, and the home stead clauses struck out, he would move a new clause with the view of encouraging immigration in a some what similar manner to the old landorder system, which he was convinced would have been a success if it had not been abused. M?r. GOeoo did not think it was fair for Queens land in its present position to be the first colony in Australia to introduce the system of giving away thIe public lands, He thought with other hen. gentlemen who had preceded him tlhat they should reduce the price of land and sell it in order topay the interest of the debt. If the homestead clauses were passed they would have the efstct of conufiscating the best lands of the colony. They might depend upon it that the selectors would pick out the best land they could find; and he prophesied that if the clauses were pas sed, the whole of the landsein East and West Moreton would be taken up. [Dr. Hons: "That isa fine argument."'] He maintained that the land would be taken up by a number of paupers without suticient money to enable them to obtain six months' rations. Altogether he considered that, as the colony was at the present time in a transition state, there was no necessity whatever for any new land legislation. He would, therefore, support the amendment. Mr. Ml'DouoaL would desire to point out that there would be settled upon a million of acres no less than 6,500 persons; and he would like to know from what fund thley were to pay the large number of police noceesary to look after the selectors, and see that they conformed to the conditions that were imposed on them by the bill. The committee divided on the amendment with the following result : Contents, 9.-M-essrs. Fitz, M'Dougall, Norton, Heusslcr, Bell, White, Hope, Bigge, and Gibbon. Non- contsente, 5.-Dr. Iobbs, and Messrs. Prior, M'Connell, Thornton, and Gore. Clauses 76 to 80, inclusive, were then omitted, on the motion of Mr. FIeTz, the House resumed, and the bill was reported with amendments. CONSOLIDATION BILLS. On the motion of Mr. WDon, the orders of the day for tile secondreading of the Constitution Act Amend ment Bill and tie Medical Act Amendment Bill were discharged from the paper. EXPORT OF LEAT BILL. The House went into committee on this Bill, which was reported with amendments, and the House ad journed at half-past 9. 