IMas WEARING THEM TO SOME PURPOSE. (From Chambers's Journal.] Lydia, aged twenty, tlie only child of Sir Thomas and Lady Snaffles, of Blubluddy Park, Suffolk, having written to her quon dam schoolfellow and bosom-friend, Julia Coutsherj two years her senior, wife of a doctor with an extensive practice in Halifax, Yorkshire, and mother of a fat boy fourteen months old, to the effect that if she did not come to spend a fortnight with her, she would borrow a team of wild horses from Mr. Sangster, who was making a tour through her neighbourhood, and come and drag her away forcibly—the propriety of accepting the invitation was seriously dis cussed in the medical mansion. The Cout shers were a happy couple, and averse to separation, but Julia was fond of her friend, and glad to keep the bond between them taut. There were to be private theatricals and other gay doings at Blubluddy Park; and as the Coutshera were not rich, and rather proud, Halifax was a dullish place for them. Lydia was a munificent godmother to the fat child. The Snaffles were a very old county family, and to be on intimate terms with them was very creditable. "When one's wife goes to stay with an influential and much-respected baronet, there is no knowing what may turn up. So it was settled that Lydia Snaffles might counter mand her wild horses, for that Mrs. Cout sher would go without compulsion—for a week. Mr. Coutsher was included in the invitation, hut his leaving his patients was of course an impossibility. He never did while they lived; and when they ceased to do that it was rather they who left him. The fat boy was likewise asked, and oc casioned a discussion. The mother wanted ■ to take him, the father to keep him " It's i very bad for young children to travel in the autumn," said the doctor. "Pooh!" replied his wife. " Not unless they are well-paying patients." " I shall be dull enough without you, and if you take the boy too, I don't know what I shall do," pleaded the husband. ! "I can't be happy without my Billy," said the wife wavering. "Well, then, take him," replied the doctor with a sigh. That sigh was a bull's eye, and the fat child stopped with his father. At 5,10 on an October evening, Mrs. Contsher alighted on the Blubluddy End platform, and was immediately embraced and hungrily kissed by the impetuous Lydia —an operation which turned the hearts of five young male travellers by the down train to water. "O you dear, delightful love of a Julia ! how good of you to come ! The carriage is waiting; the porters will look after your things. Well, and how are you? And so you have not brought my godson: left him as a hostage for your going hack, have you? a pet! How is he? And your husband, how is he? Of course he could not come. Halifax would find it could get well without him, and that would never do 1 You are looking blooming. I am so glad! O what fun tliis is !" And so Lydia rattled on all the way to Blubluddy Park, which was about two miles off, hardly giving her friend time to put in monosyllables. But smiles, nods, and shakes did just as well. "We dine at 6," she said, when she had seen her in her room, with her box uncorded and opened, and her evening dress laid on the bed. " My room is only next doorand she disappeared. !* In twenty minutes, she came back again, dressed for dinner, and found Julia also ready. They were exceptional and quick dressers both of them, worth hacking when Her Majesty's Plates are withdrawn from the turf and instituted as prizes for the encouragement of Rapid Female Toilet, as will be the case when, everything is thoroughly reformed. How amusing the reports will be: "Lady Jane won cleverly by three hooks and eyes and a bracelet." " Miss Mary Smith came in first, but was objected to by the second lady, on the ground of her back-hair being insecurely fastened. The stewards allowed the ob jection, so Miss Smith was disqualified." And then the handicapping: the winner of any previous race having to put on an extra earring, or to wind up her watch. " It wants ten minutes to the gong," said Lydia : "come and see my room, dear." So they went into Lydia's bower (when you first read "The Lay of the Last Minstrel," you thought that was a haunt of frogs and spiders in the corner of the garden, did you not?—I did), and the proprietress exhibited her dresses, jewels, ana nicnacks. " What ever is this thing?" asked Julia, taking up a silvered instrument. " That ? That is my spur, dear. When you press it so, a little prick comes out, like the sting of a bee." j " And what do you wear that for ?" " To make my mare go. They say money ! does that; I don't know; I think a spur is j better." I "O, Lydia, how can you? But you do j not really prick the poor thing?" j " If the poor thing will not jump when I am out hunting, I do." I " Do you really and truly hunt, and take j actual leaps? You said something about it : in your letters, but I thought it was only fun; you are such a girl!" "What is one to do, living in the country?" ! "And what are these for?" continued i Julia, pointing to a pair of thick laced-boots, j with great nails in the soles. j "These are my shooting-boots; and there j are my gaiters. My gun is in papa's study. I will show it you to-morrow morning." "O, no 1 I hate the sight of a gun. But you do not mean a real gun, that has powder, and goes off?" " Of course 1 do. It is such a light little darling; kicks a little, though, if you do not j hold it tight." _ ! "One would think you were talking of a j baby, dear," said Julia, laughing.j " You shall have a pop at the pheasants with it yourself," continued Lydia. j "I should die with fright, and be deaf ever afterwards," replied her friend. " There's the gong." Julia Coutsher being a stranger, observed her hosts and neighbours at dinner somewhat carefully. Sir Thomas was a very proud man in theory, but had no offensive pride of manner in practice. When he came to reason about it, he was rather surprised, to find that common labourers had the same number Gf arms and legs as a man of his breed; but he shewed no scorn in his actual intercourse with them. In his own house, he was hospitable, cheerful, and the slave of his Lady Snaffles was as finn a believer in the mysteries of birth and blood as her husband. She professed to consider that ingratitude was the one great characteristic of the " lower orders," and she habitually spoke of persons who had raised themselves in the social scale by superior talents or industry as "dirt." But she was a good, motherly soul for all that—exceedingly charitable, and enjoyed a scandalous gossip with an old aims, woman most heartily. She was likewise completely under Lydia's authority. It was wonderful to see how both the parents deferred to the lively girl, appealed to her opinion, listened to her, laughed at her fun, and turned to others with eyes which expressed: " Is she not brilliant, and clever, and beautiful ? Yet she is positively our child!" There were three guests. A fox-hunter, who was nothing else, and not being now in the hunting-field, was obscure—a quiescent steam-engine, having coal and water supplied to it. Second, his sister, likewise possessed of only one faculty, that of liking classical music; and as, unfortunately, ho one else in the room could soar above opera, or dis tinguish Sebastian Bach from tuning, she, too, only opened her mouth for commissariat purposes. Third, Mr. Robert Staunton, a handsome man of about thirty* of " good" family, possessing a large property, im mediately adjoining Blubluddy Park. Julia Coutsher soon saw that Mr. Staunton admired Lydia quite as much as her parents did, and desired nothing more than to be elected slave Number Three. It was also evident that Sir Thomas and Lady Snaffles were exceedingly anxioiie to have him for a son-in-law. But Lydia did not give turn any encourage ment, wbicli was rather surprising, for Tie was as sensible and agreeable as lie was good looking and eligible. Ido not mean to suggest that Julia Coutsher was such a wonderful physiognomist as to read all this in the people's faces at the dinner-table, or that the various characters announced: " I am so and so, and so and so, and my tastes and desires are so and so like the old Greek heroes. She had a whole evening to watch them in, and several confi dential conversations with Lady Snaffles in the course of it. At 10 the lovers of hunting, of symphonies, and of Lydia took their departures, and the household retired to rest. I do wish that people still went to bed at 10\. There is no midnight now, only a 12 o'clock with a small "tand how can one believe in the supernatural without a mid night? Now, a belief in the supernatural is necessary to human happiness; it is also (which is of more importance) a trump-card in the hands of the story-teller. Alas' we have no duels and no ghosts, and the taste for the sensational is increasing! No straw, and yet the tale must be delivered. Julia and Lydia sat over a fire in the bedroom of the former. They were in their dressing-gowns, ready to pop into bed in a minute. Julia had- her hair all over her shoulders; Lydia had not, because it was cut short, and curled about like a boy's. " Such a pity," said Julia; " such lovely hair as you had." " Do you think so, dear?" replied Lydia. " It was coming off, and-Snips of Bond-street said, last season, that cutting it short for a time would restore it; he said, also, that this style suited my features—and then it is the fashion. It is very convenient, too, for riding: one's hack hair can't come down where there's none to come, yen know. Besides, it will be so very handy for our : private theatricals, in which! am going to I take man's part." "Lydia! how can you? how absurd. As if I was going to believe that!" " It is quite true. I have got my clothes made, and will show them to you to- morrow. We want a pert young fellow of eighteen, and have got nothing but brawny men six ! feet odd; so you see I must come to the rescue. I make a capital man; you would never know me, especially when I have got my moustache on. Fa-act, 'pon my word, ya-as. Get a cigar about you, old f ler ?" "And what do Sir Thomas and Lady Snaffles say?" "Why, it made them open their eyes at first; but they are so fully impressed with the wholesome idea that I must do what I like, and that if it seems wrong, it must be the laws and customs of the country that are in fault, and not their Lydia, that they soon dropped, all opposition. Indeed, having private theatricals at all was such a pill for them to swallow, that their dear throats have been wider ever since." I " Well, I did wonder at their having j them, and especially at their letting you act." "Why, you see, dear, 'Lord Coulis.J'the head of the oldest family in the county, started it all, and Lady Augusta acted. The first fact converted papa, and the second mamma." " I cannot think how you dare. O, Lydia, you never will be able to appear in he-clothes before a roomful of people!" " I shall not mind it a bit." " You always were as bold as brass. If I were your mamma, though, 1 would not let you." "If the cherub bas a sister, Julia^ you will make a terrible prude of her—will you not? Why did you not make a prude of me at school? You were two years older, and I thought you veiy vise." " I was not an old married woman then," said Mrs. Coutsher ; " I was a little fiightv myself, I fear." "Yes, you were, dear." "And tlien you were so unmanageable. Somehow, it was impossible to help spoiling you; everybody did." " Even the Misses MagnelL" " Yes, even the Misses Magnell; and they were stiff enough. But you were kept in better order there than' at home. Sir Thomas and Lady Snaffles seem to let you do whatever you please." "Ah, Julia dearest," said Lydia, with a sigh, "they indulge me in trifling matters; but where the happiness of my life is con cerned, they are obstinate and crueL" " Indeed!" "Yes, they want me to marry Mr. Staun ton !" "Ah!" said Julia, "and is that such a very great hardship? He seemed to me just the sort of husband you would like." "Perhaps, if I had no prior attachment." "Why," cried Julia, "you can never mean that affair between you and William Waters! That was quite a bit of boy-and girl nonsense, not at all suitable either; and you cannot have seen him for a year and a half." " Should you have forgotten aHl about Mr. Coutsher, if you had not seen him for a year and a half?" Perhaps. But that is quite different. We were in the same station of life, and our parents approved of our engagement." "Why, that was all against you!" cried Lydia. "I don't believe there can be any true love without difficulty and opposition. You used to think so once. Don't you re member when William used to come under the playground wall and whistle, and throw letters over when I whistled back again! And how you and I used to read them, and concoct the answers together ?" ff.I am afraid we did." " William was very respectable, I am sure; he was the son of a clergyman near here, you know, and used to be asked to the house. But he had no money, and his grandfather was in trade in Ipswich; so when he asked papa's leave to be engaged to me, papa broke out into a terrible passion, and called him dishonourable, and turned him out of the house; and he said if William ever wrote to me, he would find him out, and horsewhip him; and William hasn't. Neither papa nor mamma ever scolded me ; they treated me like a goosey girl who knew no better, and could not help myself, and they laid all the blame on poor William; and yet I am sure I had to give him tremendous encouragement at school, when we walked out two and two, and at church, before he dare do anything— hadn't I?" " Yes, dear, you certainly did." " I almost fancy that I was the first to write." " I imagine that you did send a valentine or something. You had arrived at the mature age of thirteen at the time. What a puss! But have you ever met him since Sir Thomas forbade him the house?" " Once ; and he declared he would never marry any one else, and I promised the same. And I mean to keep my word, too; and if he is faithful, I'll marry him when I am twenty-one." " And if lie is not faithful, or misbehaves in any way, then you will marry Mr. Staunton, I suppose?" " Perhaps—0, Julia, it is a terrible thing to be crossed in love!" " Sad, indeed, dear. It often ends in con sumption, I have heard." Lydia sighed; but she did not look con sumptive. It would have made a pretty picture—I mean, of course, for ladies, artists, aud fathers of families; not for modest bachelors —those two sittiug over the fire in their dressing-gowns, because their styles of beauty were so different that each acted as a foil to the other. Lydia was tall, dark, and lithe, with a slightly aquiline nose in the middle of her very handsome face; her friend was fair, plump, and pretty. " Lydia, darling," said Julia, after a bit, "you are the funniest contradiction I ever yet met. You wear spurs." "No, only one." " A spur; and you jump over hedges and ditches, and break your neck like a rough man; and yon let off horrid guns ; and you whistle; aud you have smoked, a cigarette; and you mean to act in thingumnnes ; and yet you are romantic, and so very romantic!" " But don't you see that is just where it is," cried Lydia; " it is because I am sick to death of what is commonplace, that" Z am always wanting to try something new and unusual. Men seem so much happier tlian women, that I wish to know what it is that makes them so. But as far as poor William goes, I do not see anything so very romantic in being commonly faithful and truthful. If you make a promise, you can keep it, I suppose, without being silly. Besides, I don't know why it is called romantic to love any one. You do not think yourself so for loving your husband or your baby, do you ? It is not romantic of me to love papa and mamma, is it ?" ■"But do you really love .William Waters, dear?" said Julia. "Did you know your own mind when you played at loving him ? It seems to. me that Mr. Staunton is worth half-a-dozen of him." "How can you tell, Julia? You have never seen him since he .was a mere boy. What prejudice!" " Why, to begin with, if he were worthy of such romantic devotion as yon propose to bestow on him," said Julia, " he would have managed to communicate with'you, and urge his suit before this. In the next place, 1 dq know him, for he is articled to a solicitor in Halifax, and my husband asks him to dinner sometimes. Well, knowing, as he does, what friends we were, would he not have spoken to me about old times, and tried to make me his confidante, if he liad been good for much ?" " And he never did ?" "Never." " You never told me you knew him." " No. I hoped that you had forgotten all about bim 1 had no patience with a man who could once fall in love with my Lydia and then put up quietly with a separation from her, against her will too. He cannot have the spirit of a mouse 1 I cannot bear a tame man." " Is Mr. Coutsher so wild, then?" " Tame enough to me, dear; that is quite right, I did' not mean that. But if I had thought he would have given me up for a rebuff from a parent, or any one but myself, I would not have had him for anything." "Well, my prosaic Julia," cried Lydia, breaking out into laughter, "that is the most delightful finish to a sermon against romance that ever I heard of! But perhaps you mis , judge poor William. It is agreed that I am | to come and see you at Halifax; perhaps I • shall meet him, and then I can tell for my self whether he is what I imagined bim, or a faithless swain." " Oh, I have no doubt he will catch fire again quickly enough when he sees you ; and then, think what a match yon would be for him." "Oh ! but I mean to see bim without his knowing me." " How can that possibly be?" " I have my idea; but I will not tell it you to-night; you have had a long journey, and must be tired. And, I declare, if we have not been gossiping far three hours." At half-past three o'clock one afternoon, a month after the termination of Mrs. Coutsher's visit to her "fast" friend in Suffolk, towards the middle of November that is, a young man left the office of MiHikin and Bowie, solicitors, Halifax, and walked up the street. He had a new-looking j hat, a carefully fashioned coat, the last pecu liarity in collars, creaseless gloves, small boots, and an umbrella, which it would he a pity to open, it was rolled up so neatly. Some men seem to have an instinct that if they are to be noticed at all, they must trust to their attire to produce an effect; and it appears to be a natural law that, the more insignificant any creature is, the greater is its desire to attract attention. What does an insect do when he has no beauty to please you, no sting to irritate you withal ? Why, he commits suicide in your eye. But an illustration is a dangerous thing, and apt to carry one too far, for this young man was esteemed good-looking by those who took the trouble to notice him sufficiently to judge. His features were regular and nicely modelled, his complexion was pretty, his auburn' whiskers—they were not red—long and silky, and his figure was straight and well-proportioned; and yet, somehow, he only impressed the casual observer with his clothes. A brougham was coming down the street, with a stoutish, sensible-looking man, who was its only occupant, lounging comfortably inside, reading the Laiicet j but happening to look up from the paper, he saw the young man, waved one hand, pulled, the check string with the other, and presently stepped out on to the pavement. "How do you do, Waters? *Tt is lucky that I saw you, as it has saved me the trouble of writing a note, and you that of answering it. Mywife told me to mind and ask you to come and dine with us to-morrow —to meet a relative of hers, a young fellow who has just got his commission in the cavalry. Are you disengaged?" " Perfectly; and I shall be charmed. Mrs. Coutsher well, I hope?" "Yes, thank you.—Well, then, six sharp, you know. Don't dress; we shall be quite alone." "Very good." Although a poor man, fated to work for his living, William Waters had the makings of a swell in him; but he had never had proper advantages, poor fellow, and was sadly defi cient in many important requisites. He fancied that when he accepted an invitation to dinner, he was receiving instead of con ferring a favour; he imagined a cornet to be a superior creature, whom it was a source of pride to form an acquaintance with; and his unassisted intellect failed to teach him that good-breeding demanded his keeping his host and hostess waiting. So the boor was positively punctual, and entered the Cout shers' drawing-room before the clock had done striking. The doctor was reading the newspaper at the table; his wife sat on the sofa near the fire; a young man, rather short, but very handsome, who wore a small moustache and an eye-glass, and was dressed in a rather full frock-coat, fastened at the waist with a link button, was standing on the hearth-rug, playing with a Scotch terrier. " Mr. Waters^ Air. Chifney." The two young men bowed. Waters made a mental mem.; "To learn to wear an eye glass ; link-buttons are coming in again." " Clever little dawgthis. Fond of dawgs ?" observed the cornet. "Yes, very; particularly big dogs." "Ah, ye3. I have a bull-terrier who is remarkably good at rats. Fond of ratting ?" "Yes; that is, I like to see it now and then." "Exactly. Good fun ratting. My dawg can kill five a minute; and he can pull a bufl down, my dawg can." "Indeed!" " Dinner is on the table, ma'am." . ■ < ■ Waters made another mem. to the effect that dogs and rats were good drawing-room topics for conversation, a fact which some what surprised him. He also noticed that the young officer had rather a soprano voice j likewise that Iris hostes3 was in an unusually merry mood, and provoked to laughter on very slight occasion. But he was hungry, and reflections were transient. Mrs. Coutsher retired soon after the dessert was on the table, and presently the doctor, too, got a message. " 1 am sorry to.leave you," he said; " that is the worst of my profession; I am never safe against interruption for a minute. One would imagine that patients selected the most inconvenient times for sending for the doctor on purpose. If he settles down comfortably after dinner at the end of a hard day's work, or if he goes to bed particularly tired, he is sure to be disturbed. But, I suppose, one must not grumble at the fish for taking then own time to bite. Bang the bell when you ! want more wine." And he went. "Suppose we draw round the fire, and make ourselves comfortable," said Mr. Chif ney, suiting the action to the word. "What are you drinking ? Help yourself. It is a bore one cannot have a cigar, is it not ?" "Well, yes," said Waters; "I like a smoke after dinner myself; but this claret is so good, that it would be a pity to interfere with it too." "Ah, yes, the wine isn't so had," said Chifney. "By-the-hy, we come from the same county, do we not? My cousin said you were a Suffolk man, I think." "Yes,-I was horn in that county. My father was a clergyman there." " I wonder whether we know many of the same people. Did you ever meet the Wil tons ?" " No, I do not remember them." " Or" the Wights, or the Folkers, or the Pursons, or the Manns ?" " Yes; I knew a little of the Pursons." '' Ah, nice gurls the Purson gurls. Spooney there ever ?" " Hot very. You see I am a poor man, and cannot afford to be spooney where there is no tin, and the Miss Pursons hadn't a penny." " Indeed. Sine© you knew them, perhaps you knew a family they used to visit a good deal. What was the name, hum; they lived at Blubluddy Park." " Sir Thomas Snaffles, you mean. | '' That is the name." ] " O yes, I knew "Mm very well indeed,*' said Waters, who had taken a good deal of | wine at dinner, and a little after it, and was j disposed to be communicative. "A treinen- 1 dously proud old fellow, who thinks no end of his ancestors." "Ah, does he? People who have them often do." " Bis daughter was not a bad sort of girl; did you ever meet her ?" "Can't say I have," replied Chifney, between two sneezes." " I never can resist a pinch out of a snuff-box, when it is left on ; the table, as Coutsher has his, and it always sets me off. Titch-ee ! You were—saying— about Titch-ee !" " Lydia Snaffles. I wonder you never saw her; she. goes everywhere, hunts, shoots, they say—doe3 everything." "Ah, rather eccentric, I suppose?" "Well, yes; I expect she is a little touched, she is so desperately fast. All very well now, but an awful bore for her husband when she marries, for really she goes a great deal too far." "You did not fall in love with her either then?" "Well, yes; I was a little spooney at one time in that quarter." "And she did not return the compliment, I suppose?" said Chifney; "women have such bad taste!" " On the contrary, my dear fellow," cried Waters, waxing familiar, "she threw herself at my head." " Ah ! Then why did you not catch her ? She is an only child, is she not ?" " Yes, it was all right for that, and as far as the girl went. But you see, Sir Thomas and Lady Snaffles cut up rough, and forbade me the honse; and then I had to come here, and did not see how to keep up any commu nication." " I flatter myself I should, if it had been me !" said Chifney. "Do you think so?" replied Waters. " Well, one thing was that I did not think it worth while to bother myself much. Those girls who are so very free and easy never stick to the same man long, especially if he is absent. Yet I think she was rather fond of me too." 4' That is more than you seem to have been of her, or you certainly would not have given her up so easily as that." " Why, what could I have done ?" " Run off with her, if she would go." " Run off with her! And supposing Sir Thomas had refused to allow her anything, or had cut her out of his will, a pretty fix I should have been in !" "To be sure, so you would. Shall we go into the drawing-room ?" So the two young men went up-stairs to tea; and presently the doctor came home, and challenged Waters to a game at piquet, leaving Chifney free "to chat confidentially with his cousin in a corner. At a little after ten, Waters left, shaking hands with his host and hostess; he was advancing to proffer the name ceremony to Chifney, but that gallant" officer bade him good-night with so cold a bow that he stopped short, and stuffed as much of his fingers as he could into his waistcoat pocket. "Queer chap," he muttered, as he strolled along the street, " to be so familiar, and lead me on so to talk about myself and my affairs, and then to decline shaking hands! But perhaps it has gone out of fashion to shake handi, like taking wine with a fellow at dinner. He is a real swell, though. I wonder who it is he reminded me of; I have known some one remarkably like him, I am certain. Mr. Coutsher saw "Waters out, and tlien went direct to his surgery, 'so that Cornet Chifney and Mr3. Coutsher were left alone. "Well, you madcap?" said Mrs. Coutsher. "You were right, Julia; the man 1 made a Lara of in my girlish fancy is only fit to turn a mangle; I should make ten times as good a man as he is.. I acted my part well, though, did I not ?" "You did, indeed, Lydia. I had a rare j job to kelp laughing." i " I was in a terrible fix once, though; my ! moustache nearly came off in my napkin! j However, I managed to stick it on again. 1 Do you think your husband suspected any- | thing ?" "Well, Lydia, dear, you really must grant my pardon; but the fact is, I told him He is so sharp, he would have been almost sure to have found you out, and then he might have been taken by surprise." ^ "Told him, Julia! And he knew that I was a woman all the time !" "Yes, dear; it was best, indeed. Besides, he might have got jealous, you know, think ing you a live cornet." "And he knows who I am, too, of course ?" "Yes." " Well, I am going to-morrow, so it does not matter, does'it? You must drive me to that lane, where I cau put a woman's gown over these things, and then take me round to the station." . "Certainly, dear. Oh, how sorry I am that you must go so soon!" "Never mind, love; I will return after Christmas in my own character." "That is a promise, mind. And now, dear, tell the truth; you are not altogether sorry to find that Waters is not worth a vow of celibacy, are you ?" " Really, I hardly know." "You have liked Mr. Robert Staunton a great deal better this long time, have you not ?" "I shan't tell you, inquisitive mother of my fat godchild—there !" But / do not mind telling you, O reader, that she certainly married that chosen one of her parents in the following autumn. Reader.—And does she still ever wear the —the dress ? Actually, no; metaphorically, I cannot say. Married readers must guess. The alteration in the meauiug of the word " tariff" siuce 1611 is worth noticing. Cot grave givesit as "tariffe, waist paper to bind up small wates in; also brithmetick. or the casting of'accounts." Has any one searched this writer for proverbs? They are as "plenty as black berries" in his pages; take three of eight under one woid:—"Fooles passe for wise men while they silent are. Better no words than words un fitly placed- He that holds bis peace of, is at peace with, all wen,'' 