8V0NBF. Wednesday Evening. The "Galatea" waa spoken at s;a on tlie 14tU XTay,-"alt well.'' Tbs Marlborough sttilion has been sold at flfty (50) shillings per head for cattle. The Victorian Parliament has adjourned for the elections. The removal of the patients from the old to the new Hospital building, took place yesterday afternoon, under the supervision of Messrs. A. Grant and L. Sandel, members of committee, and the Secretary, Mr. F. N. Beddek. The sick ones were twenty-five in number, and those un- able to walk were driven up in Mr. Martin's coach, the "Alabama." WE are informed that Mr. Powell's tender, for the repairs to the Nation il School, has been accepted by tho. Board of Education. Thc Board have so far exhibited a readiness to attend to thc requirements of national education in the town, and doubtless, when the balance of sub- scriptions for thc erection of an infant school in j connection willi the main building hos been col ! lected, as little delay as possible will be allowed to occur in providing the accommodation in this respect that is at present eo urgently needed. TOE last Government Gazette contains the following appointments:-Ur. Charles James Clarke, to be Clerk to the Gold Commissioner at Gympie ; to take effort from 17th June, 18CB. Mr. William Howard, to be Inspector of Slaughter-houses for th« police district of Wide Bay. James AOock, Eso¿, Resident Engineer, Great Northern Railway, to be also Traille Manager and locomotive superintendent of the said line. Oy Monday night last, a bolting horse bo longing to a Chinaman on the Fort Curtis road, broke his leg against a stump or fallen tree, and died the next morning from the effects of thB injury. Some people who hud p.isaod over the Long Bridge ssw the horse without harness or baiter on, galloping mid-like along the road in th« night, and heard the noiao of his striking against Üie tree. During the night the poor brute appoared to have crawled to the swamp, very likely for a drink, and to have returned to the tree agnin. The Inspector of Nuisances had the horse removed and burnt yesterday. This monthly licensing meeting waa held et the Court-house at noon on Tuasday before the Police Magistrate, The following applications wera granted :-Edward Treroe, the Wanderer, Horiniih; Benjamin Hamilton, Deep Oreek UOUJI, Deep Creek i John Odgers, Prince of Wales' Hotel, Morinish ¡ Frank Astell, furriers' Arms, Fitzroy-street ¡ Thomas Byan, Carrier»' Arms, Q'iay-street ; Francis Flanagan, Saunders' Hotel, Saunders ; Francis M'Coo, Ulster Arms, Lower Dawson Road ; Emily S. A. Ward, Boyal Fitzroy Hotel, Quay-street ¡ and the following transfers : Golden Lion Hotel, from M. Brodnitc to Catherine Prendergast; City Arms, East street, from Thomas Byan to Joseph Burry. Tus sixth anniversary sorviccB in connection j nilli tho Congregational Church commence on j Sunday neit in the Church Bolsover-street. j Special sermons viii bs preached morning, after- noon, and evening. On Thursday evening the ' annual tea meeting, followod by a public meet- I ing will be held. Wi have been informed that Mr. Daly will arrive hore by the next steamer from Brisbane to mueoed Ur. 8mitl) as Postmaster for Bock hanijiton. Mr. Scott, who has been acting here during the last four or 6ve weekB, and whoso attention to his duties »nd unvarying courtesy hove given general satisfaction, returns to his post ia tho Brisbane post-office. Mr. Daly is highly spoken of aa a very deserving and effi- cient officer. He baa spent Borne eight or ten years iii the Brisbane Post-office, and bis long experience gives earns guarantee of his 6tnses for discharging the important and responsible duties of Rockhampton Postmaster. This ap- pointment is his duo by the rules of the service. We trust that Mr. Daly will bring a good stock of stamps witb him, warranted to stick as we hops he moy to his new billet. Wi are advised to look out for sparks next month, which the savant say will prove specially prolific in astronomical wonders. We aro to have a big eclipse on tho 18th August, that will take the shine out of old Sol himself, besides [unking a fool of tbs moon, and setting ell the , cocks on this bit of a planet of ours crowing al abnormal hours. We ure left in the dark at present as to the precise line of total obscura- tion. It ia said o line on the map, drawn from Aden acrosB Hindustan, and stray to the Southern coast of New Guinea, will re- present pretty accurately tho line of total obscurity. We shall not be far outside tin line of total eclipse in Hock hampton. The duration or toi ul darkness will be nearly seven minutes. The moon on the 18th will be almost in perigee, or at ita nearest, and the sun in apogee, or its furthest from the earth. The three will bo in a Une, end the moon will hide the sun ('rom tho sight of a large portion of the ear.li. This, observes a home paper, ¡B so rare an occurrence that all interested in cosmical science are earnestly desirous of getting all they can out of it by observation. Foremost among them, the Royal Society have taken such maoaurss that, if the weather be only favourable st tbs time and placo of Observation, most satisfactory results will be obtained. They have sent out to India a number of newly constructed instruments telescopes, spectroscopes, prism, actinometers, ead others, by which all the phenomena of an eclipse may be well observed j and as thc observers will be some of tho most skilful of the officers employed on the great trigonométrica' surrey of Indis, we may hope that tho highly important questions involved in tho phenomenon will bo cloared of their present uncertainty. If the south-west monsoon, which will then be blowing, will only leave tho sky clear at the place of observation, we shall by Christmas next know more about tho sun and it« light and atmosphere than hitherto." Besides the eclipse, Victorin promises showers of meteors. Sa that the pyrotechnic display, when the shooting eenson begiuB, is on a ecole of unprecedented magnitude. The President of tho Royal Society of Victoria, declared at a late sitting of that body, that some of them would take place at particular times of night in which the meteors would be innumerable, in consequence of some portions of tbs cosmical matter that came from the sun coming within the earth's atmosphere, and getting into a state of com- bustion, showing themselves as shooting Btars. The recent earthquake in New South Wales appears to be another portion of the great hurly-burly. Queensland is bnuud to crack her eides next, but certainly not from any convulsions of laughter. The polavor shop of the colony opans on the 4th of August, and the cataracts of tho " mighty deep " Walsh will be opened up, Mckenzie's small bore will bc heard in the din, the detonating roar of the Palmor torpedo, and tlie harmless burst of the Iw-rib cracker. Great will bo the oral oriol strifo, and fierce- and obstinate defence of TroasMrv benches by the Inns against the Outs. God help tho re- porters I Trrr, bazaar, for tho purpis? of liquidating the debt on the Presbyterian Church, will be held in the School of Arts daring the last week of the month and promises to prove a great success, judging by the substantial nature of tho prizes offered, among which we observe horses take the loading place, followed by cows and other lire «tock. A sketch book by a Rockhampton amateur, Mr. Martini bf Oaujard's divan, East street, descriptive of some racy scenes ou tho Queen's Birthday, will form an attractive prize to the lovers ot the comic. The price of ad- mission is moderate, and we trust there will be n good attendance, and that the sum necessary for the object of tho bazaar -will be readily realised. DR. SALMOND has completed bis elimination of tho human bones found near Alligator Creek, and states that the remains are those of a male adult. There are no mirks denoting liât death was the result of violence, and in Dr. Salmond's opinion, they have been exposed to the action of the air for at least eight months. Tho police are in possession of no clue as to the identity of the poor fellow who bas met death in au un- known manner. THIyacht "Hamlet'« Ghost," the property of Count von Altem», arrived in Keppel Bay on Tuesday last. Hie Count is in the Austrian service, and is making a tour of the colonies. Ile has visited Victoria and New Sou'h Wales, and remained a short tims in Brisbane. While st the latter port, he purchased the yacht from Mr. George Barris, M.LC, and intends calling at the ports along tho coast. The trip il said to be one of pleasure, and tho Count is amusing himself by surveying parts of the coast. On leaving Brisbane, same charts of the north roast weie forgotten, and on anchoring in Keppel Bay, he telegraphed to that effect to Rockhamp- ton. A gentleman ia town despatched the charts wanted by a boat to the Bay yesterday evening. The Count, we are informed, will not come to Rockhampton, but on receiving tile charts will proceed OD bil voyage north. TBS Valentine} machine ia atilt at »fork] on the second 100 toni of stone belonging "to Messrs. Heed and Hayles, and the return trill probably be known by to-morrow evening, i Johnson's machine is still busy on Mr. Cook's steno, which looks well. No newe has yet been] received of the] washings up of Mr. J. Pattison's fifty tons of stone, which were com menced?with laBt week. The rain, of'which we have had a" little" in town, pms fallen very sparingly at Ridgelands and Morinish, a few light^showersj that barely sufficed to lay the dust, and were of very little benefit to the miners. TunftE are three qualities of stono at present passing through the^Hector machine. Graselfe, as stated in our last issue, three tons from j M'Donald's claim on the Moonlight, and ten tons from the Hector Beef, Claim No. 3. Graseli's stone is looking* walt on one of the 1 tables as it passes through. The washing up will take place to-morrow, when the return from each parcel of stone will be ascertained. Tai wisdom of the Mosaic law regarding marriages between blood relations, is fully borne out by the results of modern science. Or. Bernies, of Kentucky, lias published some in- teresting and important statistics upon the results of marriage between blood relations. He states that " he bas found that ten per cent of the deaf and dumb, fire per cent of the blind, and fifteen per cont of the idiots admitted into the various charitable institutions of the United States, are the issue of marriages of first cousins." Unions of tbis kind are now prohi- bited in Kentucky and in several other States of the Union. TOE soil of America appears singularly prolific in religious "notions." Lady doctors ore a rather old institution thero now. They have lately started a lady Divine, and we expect she'll draw immensely. It must be quite a pleasant sensation " to sit under her." The Nea York Revolution, which, true to its name, delights in inversions of all kinds, and turning things upside down, goes into eeitocies over the Rev. Miss Chspin, formerly of Michigan. She is about twenty-eight years of age, medium height, hos a largo developement of chest, round throat, florid complexion. Her head is large, and eminently developed in the anterior and coronal. What chance ho any male preaoher against such fascinations, especially the coronal. She dis- coursed, it is said, on tho " immorality " of the soul, in a clear and well-modulated voice. No doubt it was easy to fascinate her audience on such a ticklish subject, lt is to be boped that for the sake of the lady this ie a printer's mistake, a spiteful one, too, as the women an taking up their "case" and "setting" their "caps" at the gnat "fount" of the modern Enlightenei -the Press-preparatory to its entire appropria tion to female Leadership. Her prayer wai "short," a very remarkable thing in a womat who hod the " fiuro" tn herself, as Paddy woulc say, end " earnest," which we can well believe for all religions have been propag'itod by the ait of female enthusiasm. Her discourse on tbi "immortality" of the soul, as we hone it was is described finally as ".logical" - anotho: surprise, and more finished elocution and graci -hare not been heard in any Western Church Happy Arcadia 1 FEOM the days of Tubal Cain, and indeed loni before his day, from tho age of Saturn bimsel and hiB eldest boy Jupiter, whom he intended ti gobble up as an ante-prandial, but didn't, tht art and science of "hammer and tongs," a taught by ita first limping professor Vulcan, ba been held in high repute by all nations, os pscially those given to the chase. Without th blacksmith we should have had no Nimrod: The horse and man are both essential, and what ever ensures the comfort, strength, and fleotnes of tho former contributes to the effectiveness c the latter. Horse-shooing is an ancient an veneradlo institution covered with tho rust < ages and a hoar antiquity. It has undergon but little change from the timo that Xerxe crossed [tho Hellespont to the charge of the Si Hundied at Balaklava. It still retains il primative Bhapo and is fastened to the hoof in tl old fashioned way. Various devices have bee tried to obtain a better substitute Tho late novelty in this line comes from a very buttei quarter of the sister colony-Wollongong. 1 is not to bo presumed from this that the inventi or the new shoes intends to " butter" them oi or that there is any "gammon" either aboi tbe matter. The local paper, the Illawart mercury, describes the shoe as fitted to tl horse's foot without nails, and which, neverthi less, remains on the horse's foot until complete! worn in two. What is technically called tl " web " of the shoe, or, in other words, thi portion of the shoe on which a horse treads, the same in the new shoe ss in those no usually in uso, but the difference in the ne shoe ÍB that, instead of being nailed to tl hoof, thero ÍB a flange of iron, which is turnf upwards, and is hammered so as to fit the hoe The mode of shoeing is so easy that any perse having a set of shies can put them on withoi fear of injuring the sensible part of the hoe The head of the shoe is the same as the ordinal shoe, and all that is reqnired is to put the fo I upon it, end then, holding up the horse's otb I leg, gently hammer the flange round the edge < the hoof. This kind of shoeing is particular serviceable where horses have had bad feet, i where tli9 horn of the hoof is too brittle. V aro informed that this method of shoeing h been frequently resorted to by Mr. Ahern, whe a horse hos bad sand cracks or other diseases the hoof, and with perfect euccoss. In the o system of shoeing there is always danger of tl euBoeptible part of the foot being injured by tl nails, but under Mr. Ahorn'e plan no danger ct elÍBt. STEAH and the electric telegraph have almost annihilated space. Science is every day making near discoveries in the hitherto unexplored i domains of nature. Vow it is eome terrible engine of destruction, now some wonderful appliance for allaying pain and diminishing human suffering. The destructionists appear after all most benefited by the discoveries of science. The last we hear of is of a composite character-like man himself, a curious compound of good and evil- Weir's Pneumatic Telegraph Signals for use in houses, in mineB, on railways, end on board ship. It is described as a circular dial, with movable hand, and indicatory words, fitted on deck ; a similar dial is placed in the engine- room, or on tho gun deck, or at the rudder, each connected by metallic air- tubes with the one OB deck. The captain, or officer of the watch, wielling to give an order, turns a handle fitted in the side of the dial by which be stands, and instantaneously the same signal appears on the steersman's dial, and he obeys the order. To the captaiu, it is very important that he should know whether, in accordance with his order, the ship is obeying the helm, «nd this knowledge he obtains from a small tell-tale hand planed on his dial, which morea exactly aa the ruddor morea. The advantage of such signale as these over the old method of shouting orders through a trumpet is obvious. In the same wa;, the captain may send his commands to the captains of the guns, or to tho engine-room ; and should auy of tba tubes bs eliot away they may be im- mediately replaced by flexible tubes of vulcanised india rubber. Moreover, tbe captain might place himself at the masthead during an engagement, above the smoke, where he could best seo what was going on, and send down hi« orders by signal from that elevation ; besides which, by a modified form of the sigual appa 1 ratus, small enough to carry under his arm, he could actually fire any guu in the ship from his station at the mast head. He presses a key in the top of a small box, tbe impulse passes through the slender air-tube, acts upon the cock, and fires the gun. We hear that the Belleropbon and some other ships of the royal navy are to be fitted with Ur. Weir's signals. Any one who reads this description will see that they could be used in dwelling-houses. Ths impulse can be sent through a thin tube 250 feet in length. Imagine the convenience of being able to talk to any part of a house, and of giving orders without first requiring some one to come up-stairs to ask what you want. AN employe at tbe Copper Mine, namoi John Memonitch, met with a severe loss on the evening of Wednes- day last, lie, it appears, went out on that evening with £257 in fire-pound notes in his coat pocket, and he did not miss them until the following morning. The notes were in a large envelope, sealed and addressed. On the following morning Memonitch placarded Clermont and Copperfield with notices offering £25 reward for recovery of the notes, but up to yesterday they had not been brought to light.-P. J>. Telegram. A MIN lately employed on Gordon Downs Station, we believe, as ration carrier, and well known by old residente of this district by the soubriquet ol " Billy tho Bull," died suddenly at the Rose and Shamrock Hotel on Saturday night. Dr. Candiottis was called in and found that death was caused by thc bursting of a bloud-vessel. -P. D. Tele gram. 