ROCKHAMPTON. ? Angust 19. The rush to Archer s Fifteen Mile Station on the Port Cartis Road continues, but is not ex cituig much attention. Other mining news is qniet. Complaints are coming in from Springsure and the Barcoo' of dronght. There Is scarcely any feed in that'part of the country. The eclipse of the sun, as seen at Mary borough on Taesday afternoon, disappointed a £rekt number pf persons who had expected ?orliethiog more nearly approaching a total obscuration by the moon's body to1 be made gjrijdenfc Tbe moon never covered more than %wb-thirds of the face of the brilliant luminary, and tbe dimness caused by the lemporaiy in trillion was scarcely perceptible, ^ A .fbocIiAJKation notifying the assumption pf ! office, on the 14th inBtant, by Samuel . Weneley Blackall, Esquire, as Governor of the ' colpny of Queensland, is published in a Oatelte Extraordinary, issued on that day. Lieutenant George Hope Verney, 74th Regiment, .has been gazetted to be his Excel lency's aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant Frederick Friend Ridley Terry to be the Private Secretary at Government Souee. An announcement appears in the Oaeetle to the effect that the Governor will receive all officials and other persons wishing to see him on business, each day from 11 to 2 o'clock, except Saturday and Sunday, and complimen tary visits are to be paid on Thursday afternoons from three to six o'clock. A despatch from the Secretary of State ap pears in the Gazette comprehending particulars relative to certain scholarships founded by Mr. Whitworth, for competition by students in. mechanical science, which are open to British subjects residing in the colonies, not exceeding twenty-six years of age, as well as those living in the United Kingdom aud India. The trnsteesof the parish church of St. John, in connection with the Anglican Church, in Brisbane, have made application to mortgage the property under their control, in order to raise funds for the enlargment of the house of worship erected thereon. The provisions of an Act ' To enable certain public hospitals to sne and he sued in the name, of the treasurer, and to provide for the taking and holding of real property belonging to such hospitals respectively,' are extended, by pro clamation in the Gazette, to the Nashville Miners Hospital at Gympie. Thb following resumptions under the Lands Act, in the Darling Downs District, are notified in last Saturday's Gazette : ~S6,123 acres of the Cecil Plains run, 22,863 of the Irvingdale run, 1,960 of the Talgai run, 11,725 of the Warra Warra run, 82,240 of the Rosalia Plains run, 37,720 of the North Branch run, 79,863 of the Tummaville run, 124,500 of the Yaudilla run, 192,000 of the Jimbour, Cooranga, and Cum killenbar Consolidated run, and 9,250 acres of the Greenbank run — in all 646,284 acres — thrown open to selection under tbe provisions of the said Act. Bestbictions have been placed on the ex portation from Victoria to New Zealand of arms, ammunition, and warlike stores. The following appointments among others have been gazetted : — Frank Scarr, Esq., to be gold commissioner on the Eilkivan gold-fields, and an officer for determining the extent and position of claims to which each person is en titled nuder apy miner's right, lease, or license, issued under provisions of said Act, and for marking out such extent. Mr. Thomas Raleigh, Sergeaat of Police, to be Inspector of Slaughter-houses, within the police district of Gayndah. Patrick M'Arthur, Esq., Police Magistrate, to be Gold Receiver at Ipswich. Yestebday there was no police business before the Bench ; on Tuesday, a man named William M'Cartby, brought up in custody from Jimna, for deserting his wife, who resides near Maryborough, was ordered to enter into recog nisance in the sum of £40, and find two sure ties in £20 each to appear before the Court when called upon ; and being unable to comply with the judgment, was remanded to the 20th instant. Since the above was written, George Swans ton, a carrier, was fined ten shillings for ob structing the thoroughfare in Kent-street by leaving his loaded dray on the footpath. The numerous other offenders of this description had better be wise in time and take warning against infraction of the Towns Police Act. Applications are invited in the Gazette from persons desirous of obtaining the appointment of Governor of the Brisbane Gaol. The salary is £325 per annum, with quarters, fuel, light and water ; applicants must be under forty years of age, have unexceptional references, and have had a training in penal establish ments — in what capacity is not stated! and this being an open question, there onght to be no lack of candidates. The Corporation bf Brisbane has at length become alive to the desirability of planting the streets of the metropolis with trees, after the plan carried, out in Southern colonies, to which we have already more than once alluded. We presume the example will be followed by the towns nearer to the tropics — in all vie feel sure the citizens would be glad to assist in the operation. Fboh telegrams in the Courier it appears ' there have been a succession of extraordinary tidal waves in Sydney Harbor this morning (August 15). The water, repeatedly rose and fell abont four feet, and two Balmain steamers were torn from the wharf, each snapping three warps.' It is not improbable we may hear of some earthquake as the canse of this phenomenon. Govebnob Blackall is described as an elderly gentleman of middle height, wearing a grey beard, a pleasant, soldierly, frank-looking : man, and of frank and pleasant addresB. The sporting contributor of the Australasian ' Peeping Tom,' writes the following concern, ing the Hon. R. Pring's colt, the representative of Queensland on the Victorian Turf: — 'North Australian is looking blooming and grand, but | such an awkward goer shall cany no money of mine. All the rush in the market is ' a little game of the bookmakers, and his owner is sanguine for a place only.' The result will, perhaps, prove the awkwardness of this promis ing four-year-old ; his style of going was not very awkward when he left this colony, and wijl probably prove so to owners of horses to i which he may. show his tail when the- event for; the Cup comes off. The Government shows itself occasionally capable of appreciating the wants of the times. ' We learn instructions have been given to spend ^Maryborough £300 for providing suit able additional storage room for gunpowder. A large quantity of this explosive material is expected to be always kept in stock in the town, and the Government recognises the neces sity of having a place for its safe keeping. The Australian aboriginal cricketers have been ' astonishing the natives' in the mother country. By the Australasian of . the 8th instant, we perceive that there have heen two great matches on the Kennlngton oval in Subey, in the presence of. about 8000 specta tors. The first was with the Surrey Club, which gained the victory in one innings with a score of 222, the Australians in their two innings scoring 216. Tbe second game was !with gentlemen of the M. C. Club, the follow ing day, when the Australians had the honor of playing with some of England's aristocracy* The Australians scored 230, and the Club 285, both taking two innings. On each occasion, that is, each day, the black known as Mullagh topped the scores with 73 and 75, and was greeted with & perfect ovatioo. In consequence of the very sudden death of John Richmond on Monday, at Stradbally, it was considered desirable to hold a magisterial inquiry, which was accordingly done, and re sulted in a verdict of ' Died by the visitation of- God.' It appears that Mr. Richmond had been ont in the yard attached to his residence chopping wood with an axe, when suddenly feeling unwell he entered the house saying he was about to die, and sat down on the sofa and in a few minutes expired. He had been ill for some time, but his early demise was not anticipated. The usual weekly meeting of the Mary borough Debating Class will be held this evening, at the School of Arts, when recitations and readings will be delivered by the members. It appears that within the last few days an impudent and barefaced theft was committed by a new arrival, who entered into a shoe maker's shop and walked off with a pair of shoes. Business men would do well to keep a sharp look-out for these impudent rogues, and make an example of the first they catch by handing him over to the tender mercies of the law. We have been requested to state for general information that though drays are permitted to cross tbe footpath to enter upon private pro perty they cannot legally be allowed to block up the footpaths by remaining thereon to load. It will be seen elsewhere a carrier has been this week fined for obstructing the footpath. The Queensland Jockey Clnb, Gayndah, announce their second Derby in our advertising colnmns. The Bnrnett sportsmen have led the way, aud are determined on maintaining it in this matter of a Queensland Derby. We hope there may be a host of entrances and plenty of horses at tbe starting-post. Mb. Pobseb was returning to Jimna a few days ago, when he had a nasty spill from his horse, near Tiaro. No bones were broken, but such a fearful wrench was given to the wrist that Mr. Purser is likely to lose the use of his arm for months. In an action brought by the Bank of Van Diemen's Land, against the Bank of Victoria, tried recently in the Supreme Court, Mel bourne, in which the plaintiffs sought lo recover damages for negligence by the defendants (their agents), in allowing ~a bill for £3000, drawn by R. T. Gun n, of Tasmania, on Golds borough and Co., to remain with the drawers an unreasonable time, in which time Goulds boroagh and Co. revoked their acceptance of the bill. Tbe jury returned a verdict for plaintiffs for £3000 and interest. Astobt — which I believe is quite true — is told of the counterfeit Count Von Attems, which goes a little way in itself to show he was an impostor. The Couot honored a ball given here during his visit with his presence, and lamented, with a most lugubrious countenance, to a lady that he was put about for a lack of funds— not, however, that he wanted the lady to lend him any, but bv way of braggadocio. ' My dear madam, I can assure you zat I have only got six zonsand pounds to last me for von fortnight, and I veel quite miserable.' He paid the owner of the Hamlet's Ghost for the yacht, but, I am afraid, got the money on the strength of certain papers, from another Bris bane gentleman. The Count was very pro fuse with his (?) money both here and on the way from Sydney, and ' shouted' champagne in the most extravagant manner. He took away with him, as captain of his yacht, Mr. Hamlyn, late of the Q.S.N. Co.'s service, but they fell out at Rockhampton, and separated. A young gentleman threw up his situation in the Custom House, Maryborough, to go with . the Count, but be also left the yacht at Rock hampton, and is either back, or on bis way back. There is very little doubt that we shall hear of the ' Ghost ' before she gets to Bat-i- via, supposing that to be her destination ; for she is a gimcrack craft, and it is unlikely the new owner would care to go far from land in her. — Brisbane correspondent of Queensland Times. The S. M. Herald has the following para graph on the Count's doings: — ' Another dis tinguished Levanter. — Just as the Miranda affair was fading from the memories of those upon whom that individual had operated so successfully, another -distinguished visitor has favored some of our fellow-citizens with his confidence. He arrived here a few months ago ami was introduced at one of the leading clubs as a foreign count, allowed one of the foreign, consuls the honor of making him acquainted with his friends, and his appearance at the opera usually caused quite a stir amongst the occnpants of the dress circle. Unfortunately by some mishap his remittances did not arrive with that punctuality that might have been expected, but his.advices showed that be bad only to draw upon his bankers for any amount he might require. This he seems to have done pretty freely and succeeded in borrowing money and negotiating bills to a large amount. Since then he has proceeded on bis tour, and from advices received by the mail steamer it is pretty certain that there was not an atom of truth in bis financial statements, and his vic tims are not likely either to see him or their money again. The only Provincial Council in this Colony is that of Glermont. The local journal thus refers to it : — ' The procedure ef our nominee 4 Provincial Council ' stamps with condemna tion the system under which it is constituted. Would that body have dared to neglect its im portant duties — as it notoriously has done — had tbe members composing it been directly responsible to the people, instead of to the Government at Brisbane'? Has the Council not had a large sum of money lying idle in the Bank for eighteen months past, and been unable to muster resolution to expend it. By way of contrast the operations of our Municipal Council may be referred to. Tbis latter body came into being about fifteen months ago. It has stumped the main streets of Clermont and Copperfield, connected the two towns by a new, straight, and excellent road, on which are several log bridges ; sunk a public well for each township, besides many minor works of general utility ; and, in addition, the Clermont Water Reserve is being fenced in, primarily to pre serve the lagoon from impurities, and secondly | to provide a recreation ground in tbe centre of the town. Yet the municipal revenue has not amounted to one-third of the sum which the Provincial Council bad placed at its command.' A pamphlet has reached us from London on the subject of the gold- fields discovered in Africa, towards the Zambesi, in the scene of Dr. Livingstone's discoveries. It is by Robert Bahbs, ,who was for( twelve years a resident of. Natal, and who proposes jto return there' at the bead of a party of 200 ot 250 emigrants, for' whom he desires to charter a ship in London for Natal— on the cooperative principle— and then to guide them to the .gold- fields in the in terior. He claims this newly-fonnd, or re-found, gold-field as the ancient Ophir, and adduces some curious proofs, from old maps, to show that for nearly 200 yearB the country alluded to has been knowu to be auriferous. Se goes so far, in .fact, as to claim for the older geo graphers a very perfect knowledge of the, lands, lakes, mountains, &c.;, lately traversed by Livingstone, and by Speke and Grant. — Mel bourne Arguf. TelegbamS from Bowen state that the ' news from the Cape River Diggings is good^ A flag has been hoisted on the Homeward Bound Reef, to notify that the lead bas been struck. Coal has been found on the Blooms bury Run, two miles from Navigable Creek, and within sixty miles of water-carriage to Bowen. It is supposed that it is a continua tion of the seam on the Bowen River. The schooner Active (says a telegram from Sydney in the Courier), just arrived, reports that the blacks have plundered the settlement at Cape York of stores, arms, and ammunition. Supplies are urgently required. A CORRESPONDENT writing to the Courier says : ' Low as were the prices this season, the cotton crop has left more money on the Logan and Albert than any other crop ever did.' We are very glad to hear this. We know it to be tbe case in this district, but we bad heard re ports that nearer the coast cotton cultivation was likely to oe entirely abandoned, in conse quence of its unproductiveness, in favor of sugar. We hope the friends of the agricul turist will not lose sight of our suggestion for a gradual diminution of the amount of the cotton bonus, instead of its sudden discontinuance at tbe end of the season. Sixpence per pound dis tributed over three years (3d., 2d., ,and Id.) will not be a very much greater tax on the country than 4d. per lb. in one year, but it will do in finitely greater good. It should be remembered moreover that cotton bonuses are not cash. Although received as cash at the Treasury in payment of land, there can be no donbt that a great deal of the land paid for in land orders would not have been sold but'for those orders. —Queensland Times. A hobse, belonging to Mr. Beer, was killed on Friday iast. savs the Courier, under some what peculiar circumstances, at Messrs. M'Lel lan and Duncan's livery stables. Mr. J. Kean, to whom the animal had been lent, had just mounted him, when the brute took fright at a rat which ran across the floor. He backed for a few paces, broke away from the groom hold ing his head, and then reared up and fell over on his back, his rider luckily managing tojump clear away. The top of the horse's head struck the floor of one of the stalls with such violence that he never got up again, and died in a short time after. The Otago Daily Times of July 6th, states : — The offer by the Government of a bonus of £1500 for the first 5000 yards of cloth manu factured in Otago, is attracting a good deal of attention, and is likely to lead to the com mencement of a factory or factories. A public meeting is to be held this evening at Langley's White Horse Hotel, Tokomairiro, ' to consider tbe subject of establishing a Woollen Mill, and to take the necessary measures to organise a public company, for the purpose of bringing it into immediate operation.' Sydney has been startled by one or two an nouncements of rich finds on the old Ophir Diggings, at Summerhill Creek, where gold was first discovered in New South Wales by Mr. E. H. Hargraves. About six weeks ago came the intelligence that 40 lbs. weight of gold had been sold by three miners, obtained by them ont of the rich veia of a quartz reef. This was at first discredited, but was afterwards partially verified. About a fortnight ago, however, we received by telegram, the announcement that the same party ef men, Christopherson and his mates, who had obtained the 40 lbs. of gold, had got two bucketfuls of gold out of the same reef. This was afterwards shown to be the case, tor though the gold, as taken from the reef, was naturally mixed with quartz, tbe precious metal so predominated as to justify the statement that it was all gold. Of course when the intelli gence was transmitted through tbe colony by the telegraph wires, a rush set in to the spot, everyone hoping to get on to a piece of the pre cious vein, which opened out so handsomely and bled so splendidly. The following is from the reporter of the Western Examiner, who re cently visited the spot: — 'Up to the present time no gold of any consequence has been taken from any claim than the prospectors, indica tions denote that the parties are not far from the realization of their hopes. In the prospec tors' claim the precious metal is being un earthed in immense quantities, the leader being so rich as to excite surprise, even amongst the experienced, and forced them to declare they never saw anything like it. On Monday and Tuesday in the present week, a large quantity of stone, literally a mass of gold, was taken from this claim, and on Thursday the same good fortune continued. We witnessed the operations on the day last-named, and, without hazarding any opinion as to the quantity ob tained, can testify to the extraordinary quantity and quality of the yield. It was calculated by those experienced in such matters that 6 lbs. weight of pure gold would be the result of the morning's work. The stone is taken from the claim in buckets, hence has arisen the asser tion that gold is being got in bucketfuls. True, bucketfuls of very rich stone, but not of gold. Our desire is to give every publicity to this rich discovery, but we certainly must disclaim any attempt at exaggeration, as most pre judicial. It is understood then that only in the prospectors' claim is gold being obtained at present. Other claims certainly look well, and we imagine they must strike, especially those North and South of the prospectors. No. 1 North, next the prospectors', have indications of the leader, and have seen the color, bnt nothing to speak of. No. 3 North, and No. 3 South have both the leader very clearly defined. In the former four leaders have been discovered, two being gold-bearing. The wall in tbis claim is precisely similar to that in the prospectors'. In other claims, North and South, operations are progressing with spirit. On tne lower level near the creek matters appear successful. Lamont's party in No. 1 struck the gold on Wednesday in fair quantity. Considering that operations have been carried on so short a time, the result must be conceded most encouraging, and clearly demonstrative of tbe fact that only population is required to make this a most prosperous gold-field. Some idea of tbe esti mation in which the golden claim is held may be. had from the fact that £2500 is asked for one share. £40 has been asked for a half-share in No. 3 South. Population is increasing, many trying their luck at alluvial digging.' By the Panama mail, says the Australasian, information has been received that the pre-' served meat in tins, and tbe spiced meat, shipped by the Victoria Meat Preserving Com pany, had arrived in perfect condition in Lon don. The same Company's shipments to Japan were also reported to have arrived there in excellent order. , Decbeabe of the Nativeb. — From recent Returns prepased for the information of Sir George BoweD, we learn that the total Maori population is estimated now, in 1868, at 38,517, of which number all except from 1500 to 2000 reside in the Northern Island. Ten years ago, in 1858, a Government census returned the total Maori population at 56,049 ; twenty years ago, in 1848, the Maoris were estimated at about 100,000. — Nelson Colonist. 