MISCELLANEOUS. TWO POLICEMEN SHOT IN DUBLIN. —Two policemen—sergeant Kelly and constable Kenna —who were on duty on Wellington Quay and Eustace-street were shot on the 31st October. They were found stretched on the pavement. It is supposed that both were shot by one man, as they were on the same beat, and were found not far from each other. Two men named Deegan were arrested to-day on suspicion. A reward of £1000 has been offered by Govern ment. Constable Eenna stated in his dying information that he was standing at the corner of Parliament-street and Essex- quay, when he observed a man standing at the quay wall at the opposite side of the street, with a bundle in his hand. Suspecting it to contain stolen property, he watched the man, who crossed the quay, and was going towards Carlisle Bridge. The con stable followed and called upon him to stop. He refused, and as the constable advanced he turned and shot him in the stomach. Sergeant Kelly, hearing the shot, hastened in the direc tion, and in Eustace- street he met the same man, who, without saving a word, shot him, and then went down Temple Bar. Tbouble in thk East.—The Calcutta cor respondent of the London limes believes there is trouble brewing in the East. He is con vinced that England is adopting a bad policy with nyard to Central Asia, and that before long she will have to fight for the safety of the Indian Empire, and so forth. Napoleon and tub Pope.—The Times says that should Napoleon fail in bringing about a general conference of the European Powers to settle the Roman question, he will abandon the the defence of the temporal power of the Pope, and leave Italy free to decide upon the future position of Rome. Bread Riots in England.—Serious bread ' riots occurred in Exeter on the 4th inst. Every meat and bread shop in the city was sacked, and many buildings were set on fire by incen diaries. Great excitement prevailed for a time, and the local authorities had to petition the Government to send troops to quell the rioters. The troops came to the rescue and soon restored order. The United States and the Fenians.— The President has directed the Attorney-Gene ral to issue instructions to the Uuited States authorities, to turn over to the agent of the Fenians, General O'Neil, all the arms, about forty thousand in number, which were seized by the Government at the time the Fenian invasion of Canada was suppressed. Rush fob Land in Calivobnia. —The Marysville land office is daily crowded with farmers anxious to prove up and get titles to their lands.' Monday there were a large number from Colusa county. The high price of grain has given a new stimulus for California farming lands. Many of our sheep raisers are buying public lands for grazing purposes. If the Go vernment would now order a sale of all its public lands, there would be a purchaser for every acre, and our State would receive a large increase of farming population. The Elections in the States.—New York, New Jeasey, and Maryland, in the State elec tions just passed, have followed the examples set them by .California, Connecticut, Pennsyl vania, and Ohio, and have gone democratic by tremendous majorities—New York State by 45,000; New Jersey by 13,000 j and Mary land by 30,000. The rebuke to the Radicals is fearful. This city alone gave 61,000 ma jority against them, and the.city of Brooklyn 14,500 more. But this is not all; the Demo crats in the State of Massachusetts have brought the Radical majority down from 66,000 to 20,000, and the Democrats and anti prohibitionists have carried the Legislature of that State by an overwhelming majority. In Kansas negro suffrage has been repudiated by 6000 majority, and woman suffrage by 2000 $ and in Winconsin and Minnesota negro suffrage has also been repudiated by large majorities, and although tho Radicals have elected their state officers in those States, it is by small majorities to what they have had in the past few years, the Democrats making immense gains in their votes. Missouri also had repu diated negro suffrage, but the Radicals elect their candidates by small majorities. It will thus be seen that the people are everywhere becoming disgusted with Radicalism, and that it is rapidly being " played out." Of course President Johnson is exceedingly jubilant over the discomfiture of the Radicals, while the Democrats are everywhere rejoicing at the turn affairs have taken. The question of impeaching the President is [now almost certain to fall dead, although such intense and bitter Radi cals as Senator Wade and Representatives Thaddeus Stevens and Benjamin F. Butler still continue to earnestly and boldly advocate it, believing, as they declare they do believe, that he is an obstacle in the way of negro suff rage, which must be removed. The Little Lake Tbagedt.—The Afendo cino Democrat (Californian paper) his some further particulars of the terrible Coates-Frost family battle, which resulted in the killing of five on one side and three on tlfe other, and gives the following account of the Bcene at the funeral. The dead were taken into the hall and laid out side by side, where they remained until they were placed in the coffins. They were then taken outside of the hall and placed in front of it, whon they were removed to the graves. As the coffins lay in front of the hall immediately before the funeral procession moved, the friends of tlio deceased came up to take a farewell glance at them. Then trans pired a scene rarely witnessed. Tho parents, children, wives, brothers, and sisters of the slayers and slain minglod their tears together over those who a few short hours before were grappling in fierce combat, but who were now cold and still, and lay peaceable side by side. The sobbing and wailing that rose from the nume rous mourners were enough to melt the heart of fiint. "My father!" "My brother!" "My hus band!" "My son!" and similar expressions were simultaneously ejaculated. Few eyes were dry in the large assembly present. The funeral procession was conducted with great order and judgment. The first waggon moved up and took off the oldest, Thomas Coates, and as it moved off, five elderly gentlemen, all about the same age as the deceased, served as pall bearers, and walked along with the waggon to the grave. The next that followed was Elisha Frost, who was next in age. A like number of similar pall-bearers took charge of his remains. The same ceremony was observed in each case. The funeral procession was about three-quarters of a mile in length. They were all buried in the same graveyard, a few feet only from each. other. The services at the grave were neces sarily very short, as it was getting late in the afternoon. They were conducted by Rev. Mr. Broaddus and Rev. Mr. Whitcomb. A coroner's inquest was held over the bodies, which waa presided over by Mr. William Henry, Acting Coroner, and assisted by Dr. Thomas L. Barns, who made the post mortem examination. Russia and Tubkey.—-The Journal de St. Petersbourg prints au official copy of a joint note from Russia, France, Prussia, and Italy to the Sultan of Turkey on the Eastern question. After rehearsing the diplomatic representations which have from time to time been made to the Sublime Porte by the European Powers, jointly or singly, in favor of granting iv demands of the Cretans, and for a general :.:nelioration of the condition of the Christians in the Ottoman Empire, all of which seem to have failed to make any impression, the note declares that the Great Powers will hold the Sultan amenable for rejecting their advice, and responsible for whatever consequences may follow. Championship of the Thames.—A match has been mfede for the championship of the Thames and £300 a-side between the renowned Henry Kelley, of Putney, the present proud possessor of that enviable distinction, and Joseph Sadler, a landsman, of the same plaoe, who aspires to it. The contest hag been arranged to take place on the 27th November, the course being from Putney to Mortlake with tide. The defeat of Robert Chambers, who, for some time, so gallantly maintained the title, by Kelley, mast be fresh in the recollection of our readers, as must the recent performances of Sadler, who has exhibited on many occasions undeniable prowess.— Some Neios, November 2. The Home News for October just to hand says:—" This is the season which some cHll (slack,' and others ' billy,' and both terms hare their fitness. There are no politics, and in the absence of such topics the journalists are obliged to make bricks without straw. Hence, every recess is marked by correspondence, and fulminating articles upon matters which would not be noticed in busier times. We had-three or four this year which have occupied vast space. The question who was the architect of the Houses of Parliament came on early, and has been noticed, since which we have been edified with debates whether it does young men harm to pull in rowing matches, whether we ought *to shoot small birds (this is an nual), and whether the parochial clergy are of any use or not. A more profitable subject has at last arisen, namely, how we can make the butchers reduoe the abomin able price they charge us for meat, and whether, if our own farmers will not help us, we cannot get help from Australia. And men who have eaten Australian pre served meats write to certify that they are better than the food for which we are now charged a shilling a pound. Mutton in Australia is Baid to be worth almoßt less than nothing; but it is worth a good deal here, though it is cheaper than it was. So with beef. We may ask, then, if neither can be sent here in a form fit for consumption by families, now that the means of communication are so greatly multiplied ? The subject is one deserv ing of serious attention, and we do not think so lightly of the scientific and business acquire ments of our Australian friends as to suppose they are incapable of so modifying the pro cess of eur.^g as to help in relieving us from the oppre-r'ujn of our own butchers. Many attempts have been made to introduce South American beef here, but they have uniformly failed, not from any difficulty in the way of curing or preserving the meat, but because the cattle had not been properly fed for such a market. This may also be the case with the Australian breeders. We do not know that it is. But the subject is deserving immediate con sideration, and if they can manage to supply us with good meat at a reasonable price, they may safely calculate upou an illimitable market in this country. Surely the packing trade in a modified form may be commenced in Australia. An Extraobdinaby Strike.—At Shirland Colliery, Derbyshire, while the men were as usual working down the pit, one of Ibem asserted that he had seen a ghost. Tie apparition was described as "in shape like a man." Instantly the news was spread throughout the pit. Soon the busy occupations ceased, and the colliers trooped together, with horror- stricken counte tenances, demanding to be taken to bank. When those who were below had thus left work and had come to the surface, they met the "day shift" preparing to descend. The story was told, and as the news spread from mouth to mouth, a similar horror to that which had pre vailed below seemed to be communicated. The day men refused to go down, and all the colliers therenpon returned to their homes. In this way nearly 200 men and boys have " laid them selves idle," and the ghost presumably holds possession of the pit. A collier was accidentally killed in one of the workings a few days ago. An incident attending a visit to the cathedral of Milan is related by a correspondent of the Cleveland Herald as follows:—" A subterranean chapel, to which the visitor is admitted by the payment of a few francs, reveals some of the hidden treasures of the church. It contains the tomb of St. Charles, one of their arch bishops, whose memory they perpetrate in silver and gold and precious stones. The chapel is entirely lined with silver, which is finished in various bas-reliefs, illustrative of events in the life of the saint. The body is embalmed and enolosed in a silver coffin, which was the gift of Philip IV. of Spain. As we stood in front of this shrine, the priest in attendance touched some secret spring, by which the outer coffin gradually descended, and revealed through a case of rock crystal the wasted face and the pontifical robes of him who had for years slept in that gorgeous but gloomy state. A cross of emeralds, diamonds, and rubies were suspended in the coffin, and precious jewels glittered amid the folds of rich embroidered robes. Mass is said for this saint every morning at 9 o'clock, although he died in 1581." A fireman on board the United States war steamer Shamrock, lying in Southampton Water, was killed on Friday, September 27, by being torn by the steam machinery. The doctor of the ship was away, and Dr. Palk, of Southamp- ton, was sent for, but the man was so dreadfully injured that death soon ensued. Dr. Palk gave a certificate as to the cause of death. The registrar of deaths could not give a certificate for burial without the consent of the coroner. As the commander of the Shamrock would not allow an inquest to be held on board his ship, he resolved, rather than an inquest should be held, to take his ship to sea to bury the man. The coroner, however, on learning the facts of the case, considered an inquest unnecessary. On Saturday, Soptembcr 28, two boats left the Shamrock with the United States (lag lowered, and filled with sailors and marines, the body in a handsome coffin being in ono of the boats. On being landed the corpse was placed in a hearse, which was followed by the sailors 15 abreast, and they were followed by the marines with arms reversed. The officers accompanied the men with drawn swords. The funeral passed through the town to fhe cemetery, about a mile and a-half distant. As the deceased was a Roman Catholic, the Catholic priest of Southampton joined the funeral cortege, and read the burial service in the cemetery. On October It a strange cargo arrived at Liverpool from ITamburg. It consisted of tho largest elephant in Europe, weighing 10 tons ; two fine dromedaries, agorilla, acub lion, and other zoological specimens. The whole lot was valued at JS7OOO. The corporation of Liverpool are likely to become the purchasers for the zoo logical section of the new Sefton-park. 