BELLINGER RIVER. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) THERE is little or nothing to write about from this river, except that fruitful topic of discussion, our public wants, and our mem- ber's utter uselessness so far as we are con- cerned. Very glad are we to see your leader on the " Hastings Electorate," and we hope that you will press the subject home to the minds of all your readers. We of the Bellinger have been most shame- fully neglected, and haye good reason to go to work at once with all the spirit we have to gain a division of our very large elector- ate. We intend shortly to hold a public meeting on the subject and commence agi- tation ; and only hope that the same will be done all through the electorate. If all join hands in this matter, and work with spirit, with Dr. Lang for our champion in the House, there is no doubt our desire will be effected. The Cleone, Settler's Friend, West Hartley No. 2, and Princess Alexandra are all at the bar waiting for a wind. The pilot sta ion is at last established, and Mr. Stewart has already done good service in two cases, thereby showing how necessary it was to have a pilot here. We expect shortly to receive a visit from a Sydney capitalist, who is coming to look at our river, soil, and sugar cane, with a view to establish a mill if he can enter into suit- able arrangements with the growers. Our cane is in fine order and will bear comparison with any in the colony. Mr. McDougall with the rudest of appliances made a very good sample of sugar last week, some of which was sent to Sydney to show that we are not far behind our neighbors, in the new industry. P.S.—Would not Corresponding Political Committees do us good service at present in making known our wants to the Government and to the member for the district ? It is said hereabouts that one person who holds himself aloof from the residents, is forever pestering the Government, and damaging our interests by continually writing letters and petitions on every conceivable subject. What is your opinion of such conduct? September 4,1868. NOTE BY THE EDITOR.—Anybody who chooses may write to the Government, or petition for redress of real or imaginary grievances. But such letters, unless they bear a well-known sig- nature, have no effect whatever. As a rule, the writer merely wastes his time and labor; but it is possible that he may sometimes exert an in- fluence in the opposite direction from that which is intended. People when frequently annoyed by frivolous applications at length learn to look with indifference upon what is really worth at- tention. Our correspondent is not singularly situated in this respect. There are busy- bodies everywhere.] A CASE OF MISTAKEN IDENTITY.—An ex- traordinary case of mistaken identity has come to our knowledge (says the Argus.) About two months ago, a man was found dead or dying in the verandah of a house at Hotham. At the inquest subsequently held upon the body, a number of persons testified to its being that of a man named Collard, some of the witnesses stating that they had known the deceased for a considerable period. A verdict of death from sanguineous apo- plexy was returned, and the friends of the deceased in England were written to, inform- ing them of the event. The day before yes- terday, the man Collard appeared in Hotham alive, and in his usual health, after some months' sojourn in the country. The terror of the female members, of the household where he presented himself was extreme, until he had satisfied them he was real flesh and blood, and not a ghost. This seems to have been one of those curious instances of personal resemblance that are sometimes read about in novels or seen upon the stage, but which are generally regarded as existing only in the imaginations of fertile story- writers, or ingenious dramatists. The case was reported to the police yesterday, as it is of some importance for the genuine Collard to establish his identity, inasmuch as he has been in the receipt of an annuity, which of course will have been discontinued on the news of his supposed death. The Pall Mall Gazette, referring to the Australian black cricketers in England, says —''It is by this time clear that the aborigi- nals are wretchedly bad players at cricket, and that they were merely brought over here as a speculation." 