THE BISHOP OF LIOHFIELD AT ST. PETER'S. His Lordship tho Bishop - of Lichfield preached again yesterday evening. The church selected for t'uo occasion was Si. Peter's, and, aa was to be expected, there was an immense crowd present, not only the pows und aisles being crammed, but even the Joonvaya, and many had to go away. There was fall choral evening service. The Rev. H. H. Hnndlield, tho incumbent, read such of the prayers as were not intoned ; and tho Rev. Messrs Gre cory and Bardin read the epistlo and tjospel at tho communion table. The Bishop preuchedfrom Acts. chap, x, verse 34. 'Then Peter opened his mouth, and said, ' Of a truth I perceive that God iu no respector of persons ; but that in every nation he that foareth Him and worketh righteousness is accepted of Him.' ' The preacher's object was evident the moment the text was anneunced. In the course of hia evangelical labors ho has too often encoun tered the unchristian spirit of exclnsiveness and contempt for inferior races not to feel that it is an obstacle in the way, calling for stern re bake, and he did rebuke it in whatever form it is apt to manifest itself. Two passages in tho sermon were specially memorable. Referring to the argument in support of slavery deduced from the inferiority of tho African race, ho exclaimed in tones tremulous with emotion : ' And this was the argument used by men whose Anglo-Saxon forefathers, at the very time when St. Peter was taught the lesson that God iB no respecter of persons, wero regarded as tho most abject savages that were brought into the Roman slave market !' The other re rnnrkablo passage was at the close of the sermon, when, taking up the prevalent no tion that 'the aboriginals of Austra lia are utterly uncivilisable, and had better bo allowed to ilio out th*n be bothered with attempts on our part at converting them, he donied the inherent incapacity attributed to them, questioned the inevitablenesijOf tho doom assigned to them, hinted that it wa^ a question to be left to Providence ; and finally implored his hearers that, ju3t a3 a mother did not de spise ber dying child, bnt rather prayed the moro earnestly tho nearer ita death seemed approaching, so might they never cease to pray and labor for the conversion of the blacks so long aa a single family of the race was left in the land. At tho close of the sermon a collection was mado in behalf of the Melanesiau Mission. The Bishop then pro nounced the benediction and the large con gregation dispersed. PRESENTATION OF ADDRESSES. A large body of the clergy und laity after tho sermon adjourned to the school-room, for the purpose of presenting addresses to his Lordship. Tlie school-room was densely crowdod. His Lordship the Biskop was addressed by the Rev. Mr Chase, on behalf of the clergr, in the following terms : — Right Reverend Pother in God, I have been reijnested by the Very Reverend tho Dean of Melbourne, and by the clergy present ou this occasion, to present to you an address. The Dean requests me to state that sudden illness prevents him, to hia great regret, from being present on this occasion, and he fears that the same cause will prevent him accompanying you on your embarkation. I have also to express rogret on the part of a large body of the clergy that tho opportunity of seeing and hearing your Lordship waa not afforded to all in the diocese, for I feel confident th.at without an exception their names wonld have been added to the address which I am about to read. ' To the Right Reverend Father in God, George Augustus, Lord Bishop of Lichfield Primate of New Zealand. — May it please your Lordship,— We, the priests and dea cons ef tho diooese of Melbourne, are most thankful to hare this opportunity of welcoming your Lordship among us, and, brief ns your stay necessarily is, we are glad that we are per mitted to tender to you an assurance of the profound respect and eatoern in which you are held by us, iu common with our brethren in the church at large. It did not, indeed, need the gratification of seeing you face la face to make your Lordship known and esteemed among ns. 'The remembrance of this pleasure will but strengthen those ties by which you are already bound to the members of all the branches of our church in these colonies. We desire to express our thankfulness to Him from whom all good counsels and all righteonB works proceed for your abundant labors in Now Zealand, for the love of sonls which im pelled you again and ngain to sail in a frail vesBol to those islands of tho Paoifio where Christ had never been named, and for your wisdom in selecting as your coadjutor and succosBor in this wide mission BiBhop Pat terson, who readily forsook nil that ho might follow his Lord to tho uttermost parts of the earth. We will endeavor to re member that the founder of the Melano sian mission has pointed out to the Austral asian Church that it is her duty to fester it ; and wo hope that tidings which you may re ceive from time to time in your English home of an increasing zeal on behalf of the work which tho head of the Church enabled yon to begin, may show that we are grateful . for the gift of him who glorified the name of the Lord in the isles of the sea. Nor while we offer our hearty congratulations to jour Lordship on your having beon translated to an ancient Eng lish see we feel that you are lost to the colonies. Your translation to LichfioW is a gratifying evidence that tho church iu the colonies is re garded as in all essentials one body with the church at home. Accept our cssurances that our prayurs shall not be wanting to Almighty lioa our Heavenly Father that tlo would make your voyage to England safe, and in all things direct your way before you and have you in His most blessed keeping. — We subscribe onr selves your Lordship's affectionate friends and servants.' [Aboutj 400 signatures were at tached.] — Rer. J. Potteh, of Ballarat, addressing his Lordship said : As one of the up-country clergy, I have been requested to exprera the great re gret that iB felt by the clergy in the country that they have not had an opportunity, owing to time [[[and circumstances, of signing tho address. At the same time, I feel that it is a duty which I am honored in performing, to say that we felt that, in your Lordahip's appoint ment to an Erjglish dioceso, a great act of justice has been done to the colonial chnrcb, and that the English church has acknow ledged the grenteat effort made in modern times to spread the Gospel of Jesus Christ. We feel joy beyond measure at your Lordship's appointment to tho see of Lichfield. With regard to your Lordship's visit, we feel that it is something to he remembered dnring our lives, and the grace we have received, tho words you have spoken will be the enduring things amongst «a. Not only do we feel our selves moro oloBely bound to the mother church than before your appointment, but we also feel that you have been the cause of stirring up our zeal for our Lord and Master, and have inspired us with now enthusiasm for His holy work. We ask your prayers and your blessinpr. Sir William STAWEtiL (the Chief Justice) then advanced, and read the following address ou behalf of the laity: — ' T« the Right Reverend George Augustus, Lord Bishop of Lichfield, Metropolitan of New Zealand, — As laymen of the Church of England in the diocese of Melbourne, we desire to take the opportunity given us by your Lord ship's short stay to avow the deep veneration and nffection with which you are regarded hy us, in common with the whole Anglican com munion. To attempt to approach you with ternM of panegyric would be an impertinence on oar port ; but when we think of your labors in New Zealand for so many yeara, of the increase of its episcopate by means of your Lordship's efforts, of your voyages to the islands of the South Pacific, and of your origination of n mission in those ' regions be yond you,' we are constrained to bless the Giver of all good, who wrought effectually in him who has been lately styled in tho pulpit of his own university ' our Augustine of the South.' Your Lordship's appointment to the seo of Lichfield has gladdened the hearts of our brethren in England, who, we rejoice to learn, have readily responded to yeur call to them *o lake part in conferences in the diocese over which we pray that you may long preside. We may be permitted to express our hope that an association such as that which your Lordship has so happily inaugurated, may eventually become the rale in every diocese of our communion, and that the united counsels and exertions of clergy and laity may tend to the supply of what, is wanting in our church, and to the strengthening of what romainB in it. We subscribe ourselves with great respect, your Lordship's dutiful ser vants. [About 500 signatures were attached.] His Lordship Bishop Sei/wyn, having re ceived the addresses, replied : — My dear friends and brethren both of the clergy and laity, there is something pecaiiarly touching to my mind in the manner in which these two addresses have been prcsouted.. because they seem so completely to carry oat what has been our endeavor for many years past, viz., to unite the clergy and laity with their hishop3 in a more cordial co-operation for the better currying into effect the work of Christ. This has been tho main object of that synodical system which has been established in the Australian colonies and in New Zealand. It is the sime system which the address read by Sir William Stawell states has been carried out in on English dio cese. There are, iu fact, two or three English dioceses in which a system of the same kind has been established, and the effect ia this, that it haa secured to us that benefit from which we have felt the blessed fruits in this country, in the assistance of the faithful laity with the clergy in carrying out tho work of the Church. From the first day I went to New Sealand. I had the frank and cordial support of tho late Chief Justice of Now Zealand, Sir William Martin, and you have tho assistance of your Chief Justice, Sir William Stawell, and other Jadges, laymen in the church. Another point alluded to in the addres, which commends itself deeply to ray heart, ia the mention that is mado of the Melanesian Mission. I do not consider it necessary to commend that work to you for any greater interest thavi you feel at present. I have found how deeply the charac ter of BiBhop Patterson has impressed itself on all your minda, and hia loving spirit, his self-denial and hia humility are known and felt by all those who have been brought into contact with him, or who have heard his addresses wherever delivered. I have no doubt that you will continue to support him, and that in the words of tho second Ieasou read to night, you. will esteem him very highly, and love him for his works' sake. I consider no greater blessing could bo granted to any man than to have Bishop Patterson fora coadjutor. But iu speaking of him I would rather add to his name all thoso whom God hath given to ns ia this country since Bishop Broughtou's ar rival iu it. Wheu I first came to Sydney, in 1812, Bishop Broughton was the only bishop in these vast regions. Ho stood alone with a small body of faithful men, whilst now we have to thank God that the diocese over which Bishop Bronghton thea pre sided is divided into pine bishoprics iu Aus tralia and live iu Now Zealand, besides the Melanesian Mission, presided over by Bishop Patterson, making fifteen bishops united. The field which twenty-six years ago was entrusted to one man has wonderfully increased, and there has been an increase of the clergy in like proportion. There are now, I believe, in Victoria 114, and in New Zealand, I be liovo,' 105 clergymen, so that the clergy have multiplied twentyfold by tke division of the dioceso. But when I speak of tha number of the clergy, I feel how deeply I need your prayerB when I tell you that tho number of tho clergy of all Australia and New Zealand united are not quite equal to my own clergy in the diocese of Lichfield. You will understand why I desire your prayers for the support ef God's spirit in tho new work which I have under taken, when I mention that I have the charge of 900 clergy, of 600 parishes, and a pastorate of 1,200,000 souls. I might have shrunk from tho duties involved upon me had I been left to my own choice. But it was placed upon me by an authority to which I could offer no opposition, and I accepted it in tho firm reli ance tliat God would give me a larger mea sure of grace to enable me to perform the work. I shall never cease to think of these Australian colonies, and of my diocese of New Zealand. I am thankful I have ccmo among you even for so short a time, to talk with you as friends, so that we may remain united in heart, though separated by half the circumference of tho globe, and offering up our prayers to the same Throne of Grace look forward to the time when we should meet togother before that Throne, audonterinto that kingdom, from which there would bo no separation, where all wonld be united one with another, and with that God who has made us one, as He und His Son are one. I beg you most affectionately to ac cept my parting blessing, fllay the grace of onr Lord Jeans Christ, and the lovo of God, and the fellowship of the Holy Ghost be with you all evermore, Amen.' His Lordship shook hands with several of tha clergy and laity, and afterwards withdrew. 