THE ROMANCE OF THE BLUE BOOKS. IV. Pceetjed ny Fate — ( continued 1. 1 Bot'GH Joseph bad been committed for trial, no one for a moment 'fancied that he would be convicted. It v ould be indted hatd if such a mob of ghosts as that which had come forward in his favour could not do si methiEfi better than that fur Mm. He was not con \icted. He was not indeed tried. I should like to have it to fay that the Attorney-General of tbe day dec-lit ed to find s true bill against him ; but I can't go that length. A true bill was found, but the Grown lnw officers, EeeiBgcltarly there was no case to satisfy a jury, discharged him by proclamation, thus leaving it open to prosecute him again if anything additional should turn un. When thus discharged, one would have imagined that Joseph, thankful for his escape, would have got away into some quiet nook, where he would have been be} end the reach of his persecutors. At least, according to all the rules, that is -what one would imagine a guilty man p'aced in Joseph's situation would have done. But Fate — let me tall it fate, as iMp ccmrconly accepted term will perhaps be best understood — Ftte was at work, steadily — silently — tut certainly, and the blocd of tha innocent was not tf fill untvtngc-d to the earth. No sooner was he discharged than Joseph, instead of slinking away to hie)c himself, boldly charged Djnch with the murder, t-nd, as that individual was in Sydney at the time, he had him apprehended, and taken before the Central Police Ccurt. Of coune he was remanded to the Casino Bench. Here the case web entered into very fully, but, as the re was nothing but the rambling state rr.ents or rather suspicions of Joseph against him, he was discharged by the Bench. To be sure there was tlie direct aftertion oftbe ghosts, but aslbefjre remarked ihcycmld not be brought into Court, and as they gave evidence to Joseph alone, and did not vouchsafe cipptar to Diiybody the, ihtir testimony went for iioihing. 13ut Joseph in hi' excitement, against the man, whom lit fiiiuly believed to be tke murderer of his wife and children, allowed his ieelings to carry him too far, fo that the evidence he gave was considered by the Btrieh to be altogether contradictory of that, which ! e had given on a former occasion, some months pre vioue-h. The Bench rcgarced this ts perjury, and Mi'htut ttkiig any evider.ee but simply ou a com piiisen of tbe depositions made by Joseph on ih? s i para'.e occceons, a second time committed that ia dividucl for trial. Now, however, it was for perjury and no: for murder. Once more Joseph, whi.se per secutions it would appear were never to end, was sent to Sjdnty, brought before tin* Criminal Court tnd discharged by proclamation. And now, it would be thought, that Joseph had dr.nt all that wat necessary, and that he would sit don-n quietly, and cherish the two infant lives, which were ell out of his large family, that the assassin's hand bad 1- ft it. But the man was a sticker, and would not give in, even though the last round had been given against him Betides he was one of those who make the best cf the worst position they may be in. Thus, v hen his daughters hi. el been poison d, he had endea voured to punish the chemist fcr his carelessness in mixing blucstone with the flour of sulphur, and had pore to attorney after attorney to commence an action cf d&mfgts; against him. Hi avy damages would have been at the same time a punithmem. to the draggitt, and S! me slight salve to the lacerated feelings of the be/caved father. So in the case of the murder of his wife snd sens he had not only suffered the severance of all Me dearest domestic ties, but he had been iuir.ee!, by the tcattering of his property. His ho sis were gone ; his pigs and poultry were dispersed in the bush ; his household goods and clituele, left fir so many monthB to the care of btiangers, had been purloined or destroyed. Was he to tit still under these persecutions, look calmly on his ruin, and commerce the world afreth: Jfo. Luckily there was a beneficent Legislature, always ready to hear the cry of the oppressed and to give comperjEa'ion for the wrongs of the sufferer. JotejiK made up his mind to appeal to the Assem bly and atk at their hands for that justice which had been rifused to him by the ordimry tribunals of the country. And this brings me to the close of the lhiid act cf this bloody Iragedy. On the 26th Xovtmbfr, 1S56, Jaseph's petition coiripl-inirig of the conduct of the magistrate, Mr. Mack, end ef that n{ the police, and setting out a loss of property of the value of £400, was pre tentedto the Legislative AsEembly by Mr. Parkt6; ai.d two dajs afterwards, on the motion of the same gentleman, the petition was refetred to a select com mittee then sitting to inquire into the arrangements for the purposes cf police and the administration of justice in court6 of petty sessions. This committee contitted of Mr. G. K. Kioho'.E, Mr. Forster, Mr. Hay, Mr. R. Jones, Mr. Hely, Mr. Weekes, Mr. Mai.ning, Mr. Piddington, Mr. Levy, end the mover, Hr. J. llobertson. All this is prosaic enough, and does not look at all pie mising for romance. No doubt Joseph had the tame kind of idea, thought that everything would be very stiff and formal, and that he would only be re quired to itk in order to hove. He little recked of tfce ordeal to which he was about to subject himself. In ihe Criminal Courts cf France, the accused is exi.rr.ined with the greatest sttictnees, and very much cf the evidence againBt him is obtained from himself. In our English Courts we manage theee things better, we not only do not quettion the prisoner, but we even take a gr«6*. deal of trouble to warn him to hold his tcngue when inclined to speak, end to caution him to e&] nohinc lest he should tell the truth and criminate hinjtelf. Joseph probably conceived that the Select Comn-iltee would treat him with the same consider ation he had received from, magistrates and police officers in this respect ; and that having asked a few questions in order to verify the fact of his loss, they would have at once paid him over his demand. He was, at all events, not prepared for the searching in quiry that was made into his case by the hon. gentle men forming the committee. His evidence taken on the first day of examination extends over fifteen pages cf closely printed foolscap, and the number of ques liens aEked him was three hundred and sixty- three. On a subsequent dsj he was re-examined, and was stked two hundred and ughty questions; hie evi dcr.ee occupying eight U olecap pages. II'. there gave the same account cf the death of his daughtirt, and of the murder of his wife and sons, as that which hfs preceded in thet e articles, in fact, it is torn his evidence that I have taken my narration. Q i the fmt day he had it all his own way, but after Mr. I Meek had been cxamir.e d, a rather different shade I \v8B tlirov n upon the affair. There ate always two ridis to a question, and Jrs»ph's side was made to look a very I lack one when Mr. Mack's evidence came to be taken into account. If the reader has done me the favour, which I hardly exrect, of noticing a remark I made upon a former cctation, that one of the pnlice failings was a constant reference to bygones, end a jumping at conclusions based on those bygones, he will see that we have a re markable ir.stance of this in Joseph's case, as the fol lowing extract from Mr. Mack's evidence will show: — At vc travelled alone, I licked tbe chief constable had he any tmpiclcn ei to wlio could have committed the murder, as snch a ililrpwos unusual in 0 dis'rict of that kind. He said be had do actual clue to the murderer, bat that he boa no doubt, from Jofrpb'r previous character, that he vne mnrc likely to bare clone it tbon nujbodj- tlec I then BBked him what Joseph's prtvloue charaetf r had bpec, for I hed no knowledge of the man in tnr tct prtvious to thb ; I did cot even know LIb name. He tiiid 'he liid crigicnlly been transported for forgery, and had tin n undergone a colonial sentence &t; Norfolk Island. While be «8f Ibcie a murder had bees committed, in which two or three lniticETvert implicated, and that Jonphs who was one of them, ? feaped by turning King's evidence. From that time be went by the mvhriqwet of ' Joe the BlocVer,' 68 the man who had been Killid had had hie head chopped off and cut to pieces. Tbe lest tutpicion eguinit him was that, when living in the New Knplend or Maltlr.rd dUtiict, a great number of years ago, tbe hut-keeper with vhom he was living, and who was supposed to hove feme money, disappeared, and the but was found burned dovn. Tbe universal belief wnf, that Joseph had both murdered Uiif men and afterwards burned the lint over him. The next clmrjc brought against him was that of poisoning two of Ilia cMlOteu. That they were poisoned, and were buried by him quietly, without the slightest investigation, there is no doubt. Certain Hnrfh, who was in the neighbourhood, suspecting bohp tlirp not quite correct respecting the death of these tiro children, sent for a medical man residing at tbe Clarence, and had the todies exhumed and a put mortem examination mode. Where did this take place ! At the place where he was living at the tin. c of the late mm der. Tbe bodies were cxbumed, osl hare raid, and a post mortem examination wan made, and it was ('ifcovcrrd that they had been poisoned by the administration of klur-«tcnc in sulphur. Joseph was then uken up, but he made a Etutcmcnt to the effect that blue-stone had been mixed up with siipe sulphur which he had obtained from a chemist in Sydney, and that he had given the whole of his family, his wife included, n dote of this eulphur and bluc-Elone; that they had nil been vi ry 111, ant! that two of his children had died. Joseph \pbb tke only person who did not require a dose 9f sulphur on that occa sion. Taking all these things into consideration. I naturally cotcludrd that the man wse a bad character, and felt disposed, in the sot nice of any direct evidence, to think him the murderer, end I do MilUbiili eo. It -nee only to be expected that a man with such r.ntecedei.ts eg those cf Joseph ehould be liable to suspicion ; but when the matter came to be further inquired into, there was other evidence against Joseph, but evidence which, like that of Joseph's ghosts, could net be brought into Court, for the law specially provides that i lie tFEiimony of aboriginal natives shall not be tcke-n, and ihe strongest evidence against him waB that of a native black. It was proved beyond a doubt tha', the night before the murde r, two blacks had been Kt Lunphy's hut, and had passed by Joeeph'6 station. 1 lie chief constable brought these two blacks to the house cf the magistrate, after Joseph was in custody. One of them, a more than usually intelligent fellow, ti.ld Mr. Mbik ?hat be had campe'd at Joseph's place the dny before the murder, and that Joseph and his wife hrd a great dispute, as far as he could under stand, about money ; and that Joseph took up an axe at d swore tht.t he would split her head open with it ; that the black took the axe from Joseph, and threw it ovei the front verandah of the hut on to the back ; =nd that Joseph then went in, look a gun, and swore -!at if ilie blacks did not go away he would shoot them. This account of the black was so far verified tli&t; it wes proved that the two blacks came to Hamilton's Eimion, from the direction of Joseph's, hat evening ; End that the axe described was foui.d in the identical spot stated on the verandah roof. It happened, too, that the rourdtitd woman wss a great favourite with the blaiks, and went by the name of Mammy amongst them. Tttis it happened that tbe whole of the blacks in the district were up in artnB -when they heard of tfce murder, tnd a young gin who had heard of the interference of the blacks on the former occasion at cr.ee gave information that Joseph had ' pi Mon.my.' I shall conclude this article by a couple ef extrac(6 fre.m the evidence, one showing the examination Josiph ucdeiwrnt with regard to the spectral visita ricn in the lockup ; and the other respecting the thiee murders with which be had been somehow ui.ibitunattly conr.ccted prior to settling in the r.kl.n-.md district, and which had been so cruelly pervtricd as to be made to* tell against him. And, oi.st, ts to the ghoKP, the examination is instructive, 86 showing tie different way in which they weie upaided by different members. He is £tked I y Mr. Robertson : 1:t the Cbsirir.nn ? nave you ever seen or conversed with your ?ni(e and cLildicn since the murder? I have, in my sleep. Willjiu give us an account of the conversation! I could almost lepe&t; it «ord lcr word. The first Eign that 1 saw of her use my ton, 11 y ton was standing at niy feet, calling out While sere you then ? In the if ck-ur. Bt Mr. Jot-&: Were ?ou asleep ! Between asleep anl awake. 1 Msstitiirg upviib the blacktt loundmcto. (Witness assumed ll-..- ntiiliule.) r-i-! Tfiu at tlic time, and do you still believe, that you veritably ?r.w her? Yes, 1 liruilj- believe that my child was a: mv feet, III cDliedoui 'father.' I opencdmy eyes and stared tum'fullta ?tr face. IJy the rhaiiman ; Vbat was that Eon's name ! Djvid Joseph. Vastbtrc alight inibercon,? No, it wp6 dark— quite dirk, lie ujf. ' Don't fnt, father,' tay6 he, 'I am happy!' I ;»:un \;u.d to pel up one! lay hold of him, and he veniihed out of u:- Eiflil. « Lie vruf this; tens this the night he tied! That was, I bc r( ve, the cipll be died, secirdirp to what I could make nut from :i t- 1. a-i'p kec j er ivbrii 1 was telling him of the dream I had. On the ioikwing i iglit did any one appear to you! Yes, my w :te What -:iri your wife soy to you ? 1 have not told you all about hit n.n. I :,ttui him vho it ncs that was bis murdcri'r ? :J Lit ws.f Hie fiiEt night ! Yep, this was the first night; and In tiiici ll at ?? Lynch ?»at »he man.' 1 in n on the n cord right v ho came to you ? My wife. V ili yeu tell us v hat the- said to ; ou ! fcbc like as if she woke D!clyl-iu(r tcvn ulmgtido of my thigh, and I rose up to lay l-rlii cf on- :it d tl.e lolled away frrm me, and as she rolled away 1 I'iKtrrnd all lhe- malted Wood u&d; everything fallicg from her 1 riir-tl c htir alotg with it. Ey Mr. Ftnsicr : Fulling on the floor ! Tailing oa the floor ; ni ri ^c appeared ss if nothing was the matter. You nin by that ttiut the blocd Ml away, and she appeared as tfcMipli ti.e \:-d icttrfn irjjuicd ! Yes. l;v tin- (.huirir.an : You euw your son the second night, did \\- u'tot ? I saw the whole of them that night. Will you tell up what p»Fsrd that night! I can, partly. I arkidn/j wife, I think, who wes the murderer! and she said ihni Lji ch wo* ihe n.urtierer; and she desired me, in particular, :u -,i U care of her infante; the 6bid she should have an eye on Ktit jru htel a lor p eonvrrfation with your ion that night, had von tot— ttc night alter her death! I had eoiuc conversation »i;l. l.in.. Will jeu defcribe wl-atit was? I had some conversation, but ?i las notly slipped n y uiemcry. Had -r.u ary oiher \irif n nf a celestial nature? So, I never f;iw vnjtkirc: after ihe tecciel night 1 fee in the peper you wrote in the lock-up ? 1 do not recol ettHf -.re anything over the second night I know that my 0 ife Ltd four children uppesred to me on that night, in company c;f nil UhM mbly uf ur.gtl*. Vm tiv them in company of an assembly of angels 1 Yes, -..r.c ere appeared to be the Ulcsecd Vircin. and hod hold of my Liilr' turnip. I thitk you soy hoc (referrirgtn a paper) that yousaw the Eon of Oe;d, fitting on a ehsir of gold ! Vn, 1 did. v.iVijciicSoKrrheK! I taw ihe Son of God, sitting on a chair t.f cr.!d, ir-tl the Virgin Mary leading my family to his feet. w ha*, did Ton he nr the Son of God say ( I cannot recollect. Yen esrnbt remember what he faid ; but you have, in this t,i |n r, itild us » bat he said ? Tnat was tome time ago. Yiiuiniin.BfKfiitiken? Ye*. Ye u at peifectly potit-fle-d that he said something. Yes. Il:.d you any foret-hadowir.g of the rcurdcr before it happened ! Nrnr, uhatfri'r. You r.ever heard any voices, or any wbiEpers ? No. ]? erme upon you suddenly ? It e^nic upon me suddenly. Did jt-u ever have any conversation with your daughters who vutpeiiKMd, otter they wercmurdcred ! I never did ; I saw ihi ni ;n company with their mother, nnd my two Eons. TtttMts alter the luothei1 was dead.' That was after the n f.tf.cr vss elcael. You never saw tfcfm after they were deed, nnd before their rrcir.i r wiiF -:esd ! No, 1 cevcr saw them ufier they were buried, until :ueh time :.e they were lii.-intcrrcd lor the dectorto examine Did ycu Epcsk to your ele-jcutcrs when you saw them with the n.fjiner-— the-y never told you how they were poisoned ! No. Yeuartquite Eureof that! Yes. Why did you r.ot take thot opportunity of ascertaining who it wes! 1 knew 'we-ll encugh. Who \ius it .' The medicine I got from Mr. Morgan, the che rutt, in Sydney. If it was cot, the doctor must have been greatly uiituke-n. I pik ;cu whether it did not occur to you, when you Eaw your elfupViUTt, to Ofk thini squesiicn of Ihni kind! No. 1;t Sir. Fnrttcr : I should like to know what these argels were lite — were tteylilie men or women ? They were like fi males! Had they wings ! Yes. Uie.»:rg out ofthiir fcackf! Yes. lUd they tr.y clo.hcs or., or were they naked 1 They had lorg rt bef. Did jou tbii.k they could ice their wings like b!rds-w:re they lit^yeung women! Y-*. 1 Im y lice! rules nur.ei them and were not naked ! Were not r.:k'«. now f.ri'ld il:e:rrobe-s extend; were they quite cover hI, or ten. ttey rebef otly up to tteir waists ? Tney wcreeiulticucred wi'b tl iir r- bep, but cot their faces. liowcidthe ninps come out? Tbe wings seemed atached t u-»:e;ert their drefe. Wtiethiy leir.g wings! Yep, they were long wings, Mie-h as jem see in pictnrcF ! Yes. ]Ie.w d:d vou ktuw the Virgin Mary when you mw her, be 1 n:te, 1 :liir,k, yru 11.I1I us you were s Protestant ! Yea, Vi: ynu tlirn lhink thiit the Virgin Mary is beatified, or equal to Cm' '. I I (lievc tht is no mere thin another woman in heaven. Tlie n hi w elid you linow her when you saw her ! From wbat I ) ave bctrd. and seen in pictures. llecaute. 1 think, it would rather puzzle a Protestant to eMsttn fuith tbe Vii gin Star}' from any one else ! Vhat'makcs me think 1 was the Virgin Mary it was on noconnt of her mentioning her se n. Who told you that 'his person ypu saw sitting on the throne of ci'Ul ?silt hit eon? etc told jte, and I judged eo, became, lsaw n tlciy of light round bis face. Tl;e Virgin Mary mentioned her son to you ? Yet ; Bhe would present my children to her son. By the Chairman : You are quite cure there can be no mistake kbcutlhlt. You saw none, of these angils flying to you! No, they kept uovingjbttkwfcrds and forwards like this (waving bis btne'e), and ity wife kept pointing und waving herself backwards are) forwards until such time as she got where the Eavlour was tittirg in the choir. You sow your wife fljlng then 1 No. Skipping and hopping about? Yes, backwards and forwards, pud waving her hands. What tcit of tkippicB was this I How far did the J'imp at [ rrci ! No distance ; only walking backwards and forward* I By Mr. Fortter: What is the size of the lock-up vhcre you EBtrthiE? About eight feet by sevi 11. How could jour wife, fcur children, end the son of God, and liis chair of gold, ar.d the Virgin Mary, and the angclt, all be in dueled in that e-picct They were not there; it was only like a vision. Ould you tec the walls and elsbs of the lock-up ? No, I could sot. V ; the Chairman : You say you think^t was only a vision ; can vifii.i s talk. You say you heard the conversation ! I fancied so. Do you believe absolutely that you bad a conversation with jmirvife; that »hc tojd ;ou these things? I put great con riduice in it nl (be time, because I mentioned it to the lock-up keeper the next morning ; anS tbe lock-up keeper said he should like me to write it all down for him for his wife, because she was of not believer in dreams, and he brought me pen, ink, and ]:api no write it down. And now es to the three previous murders. It will be tttn that Joseph battled through these charges in a way that showed he was not to be very easily wrrtted. r,\ theChniiman : Do you happen to know a man aamed 'Joe the 'Blccker !' 1 never ktew the person. Dojou know anything of a murder on the Parraniatta River seme years ago, wLen a man had his head chopped off? Yes; I was the paity that brought them to Justice. Were vou tot sprken of at that time as 'Joe the Bloeker ?', Never ; I never heard the expression made use cf. It was on your evidence that the murderers were hung. Yes; pertly. Was it not mainly! Mainly. What other man's evidence was brought agaicst them.? A man of the name of Martin, a publican. Were you present at that murder! I was present »t that mur der. It was the only thing that ever put a blush upon my face, because I kept it a secret better than twelve months. Then jcu turned King's evidence ! I gave mv evidence. That is the only matter ? That is the only thing that ever put a hluih upon my face, to think that I was so base m to have kept it a f rcrct. Do yon recollect another matter of the same kind at Norfolk Island? No. You were sent away from this colony to a penal settlement ! I was, for a forgery. To v hat penal settle ment ? NoKo'k Island There it as a murder committed there respecting which you gave evidence ? There was a murder committed there. ' Tell us teimctbing about that? I do not know anything about the murder there ; all I had to say In it wan that I was at work at a band carl where there was a party of men, and one said to the other, he was well aware who vas the mark that the mur I'trer was going to attacV, and 1 stated that to the Commandant. Who was the murderer ? I think it was a man of the name of Burrows. Did you come, up to Sydney on that occasion to give evidence ! W86 the murderer tried at Norfolk Island? Yes. Did yuu give evidence on that rccasion ? No, I had nothing to do with it, only I saw the mas take the spade out of the lumber y»ld and strike him. Then lhere was UEOtbcr murder at New England— you Rare feme evidence about it ? No, I did not give evidence upon it. lly Mr. Forster: Were you in the hut that was burnt down ! Tlic but was at the head of the Manning Blver, almost In New IrKlur.d. Tbe hut-keeper disappeared, did he not ? No, the blacks came ut en us there ; I got speared in my side and speared in my High. 1 y the Chairman : nave you the marks of that ? I have. l\\\ SU.cEs showed a wound in the side ) Will you tell us about that murder ? All I know about the n-uidoi was, that tbe blacks came upon ub at night in tbe dark, :.i el tbe - tprarcd that man. After spearing me, they ran him into he l:i. t : the spear went right through him— in at his back, and \- ut at his belly. They ran him into the hut and set fire to the hut. f-rid I made my escape to the bead station. W- it? ibis man's remains found ? Yes, next morning ; part of tbmi weic burnt, and the epear was found in them. Did ycu show your \rounds when you went to the head il»tlon! Yes; the superintendent atthc head station dressed my wciinds. Were you not accused of having; committed the murder ? Not to my knowledge. Captain Smith, the Commandant at Port Mccqimue, sent to me to represent to him the state of the 'bV Mr. Forster : Was this in the dark ? Yes, in the night. Do you know what blacks they were ? Mountain blacks. Do yon remember the names of any of them ? No. Have vou given evidence at any other time in any other murder cik8? Not ihot I ktow of. Just think carefully— 3 ou see I know something of your hiMoiy! Yes. I shall not deny anything I have done. You do not re mi mber »ny other case ? No. By Mr. nely : Were you a witness of this murder at the Par ler/auaUiver? Yrs. W In d you turned King's evidence, I suppose you did it to save your own life ? No ; I sent voluntarily the statement to Optn'in Wilson. Was any reward offered for the discovery of tbe murder ? 1 he re v te r« tow ard offered. By Mr. Forstir: It w as your conscience led you to make the ditcVsure ? Yes, it w as rny conscience. Wiil you tell lhc circumstances of the murder of the man in the brut, w'bo was thrown over after having b\B head cut off! Yes. Will, ?» hat was the man's name ? Chapman. Thi rcurdererE ? One was Chapman, the other Miles. You were in the boat, too' Yes; I had been up along with it c man that was murdered to Kissing Point, to serve a process In m the Court, ar.d was to be left there in charge of the man's im.pi lty, and they came to meet him, thinking be would return ?v biraeilf in the boat, 'in what vror waB that murder committed ? I think in 1831. At what part of the Parramatta River was that murder com irittid? Nearly opposite Bellevne Tied you been ashore at Goat Island? No. Hael y™ my spirits in the boat ? No. Tell us something about the murder at Norfolk Island with the i]:ado? I'll tell you ti bat I know of it. The gangs were coming out ef the lumber-yard to go to work ; they had been allowed the Ufo rf (he spaars to make their little gardens with. Each man woe bearing his spade on bis shoulder, and this man stepped out of the rank ana went up to the man in front of him, and clove I is head in two. V bat was his ncme ? I think bis name was Besmond. V lio vraB the Judge -who tried the cafe ! That I cannot tell. Ctn ycu n member who the lavryers were, or either of them? % Mr. Hely : In what year was that ! I think 1834. By Mr. Forster: With reference to the murder in New li t'lsrtl. you say it was in the dark when the bl^tkf attacked ; t i .— (; ouVtist not suppose I am asking these questions to aanoy tr tni'bbiiass you. but. you nave brought tfcrious charges niitimt a gentleman, and it is necessary to investigate these -cikvit mutters, and we want particularly 10 investigate the oar ! :- u'lirs of ycur life)— did you ere the spear enter the man ? Yes, I y itc light of the fire ; we had a large fire in front of the hut. 'You saw the blacks spear this man? I saw them running ..li ip, ar.d shoving the man before thtm into the hut, and I saw 1 t-p tycrr in the mas at tbe time. V 1 s hi close to you at the time that you saw him come into lie but ? Our huts were- about fifteen yards apart Be csme 1 imning into your hut ? No, into bis own. V ne jou in his but at the time ? No, I wbb not. How faywe-re you away? I 'was behind a tree opposite my own but, nnd he was behind a tree oppotite bis own. At whet distance was be away from yon when you Bawthc ►pe at in him ? About fifteen yards ; I saw it by the light of the fire cut ol the out Wbatvasthe nomeof the doctor who attended him? There v.i'f ro doctor tbeic at all. Eid he die the next day ? No, he was burnt that eight. An irquiry was held over the body. There was a Mr. VA ii.tcr there : be was a magistrate afterwards, but he was not thir. Was no inquiry into the circumstances held at all ? No irquiry, more than that Mr. Smith sent for me into Port Mac -;uark to state the particulars about it. No one went to the spot to examine it ? No one vent to tbe f|.ot to examine it, bet Mr. Winter went to look at it, and a man eil tbe tue of Maeksy. Do ycu know whether their evidence was token as to the 1 semination of the spot ! No. 1 he only evidence -was yours ? Yes. You gave that evidence on oath ! Ye9. I lather think Mr V inter acd thisMuckay were questioned something about it at Perl Mccquuiie. 