AN EPISODE OF THE BALACLAVA CHARGE. 1 I From the tendon Scotsman.) The following purports to be an account, narrated by himself, of the share taken by a certain John Payne, alms 'Butcher Jack' of the 1 7th Lancers, in.the doings of that glorious yeMmournful day : — : -i ... « Well. vnn rpr. it. war in the autumn of 1854 i that the English and French armies were lying . lovingly enough together in front of Sebastopol, that nut which took them such a time to crack. Our cavalry had a camp of their own upon the hill side near Cadikoi, and fhn old ' Death's head and Cross-bones,' to which 1 belonged, were there among the rest, forming part of the Light Brigade. We had a separate commissary of our own, and handy men were told off from the various corps to act as butchers. ' 1 never was backward when there was any work to do, and when some fellows were moping helplessly in the tents, or going Bick to hospital, every morning I was knocking about as jolly as a sandboy, doing a job berc and one there, and always contriving to get more or less tipsy before nightfall. If you ever drop across any of the old Crimean Light Brigade, just you ask them if they remember 'Butcher Jack,' of the Lancers, and see what the answer will be. I was as well known in the brigade as old Cardi gan himself, and in my rough and tumble way got to be quite a popular character. Indeed, if it had not been for my inordinate fondness for the drink, I might have got promotion over and over again. But I used to find my way shoulder high into the guard-tent pretty regularly once a week, and more than once saved the skin of my back by being known as a willing useful fellow when sober. ' One « slaughtering day' at the Commissary we had killed, flayed, and cut up our number of beasts, and there was a lot of rum knocking about, for the 'Commissary Guard knew how to get at the grog, and were free enough with it among the butchers, for the sake of a nice tender steak. ' Paddy Heflernan, of the Royals, and I managed to get as drunk as lor^s before we found lime for a wash, and one of the Commissary officers came across us while in this state, and clapped us in the guard-tent before you could say ' knife.' One place was as good another to us, so we lay there con tented enough all night, taking an occasional tot of a bottle which Paddy managed to smuggle into the tent where we were con fined. It was getting on for morning before we dropped off into a heavy drunken sleep, out of which the Commander-in-Chief him self would have had. a tough job to have aroused us. We must have had a long snooze, for it was broad daylight before we were awakened by the thundering of a tremendous cannonade close by, making the very tent poles quiver again. I still felt deucedly muzzy, for Commissary rum, as you would know if you ever get tight on it, is hard stuff to get sober off, yet I managed to pull myself together enough to know where I was, and could Rive a shrewd guess what all the row was. I sat up with the intention of hearing moTe about it from some of the guard, but to my surprise there was not a soul in the tent bat Paddy and myself, and there was not even a sentry upon the door So we both got up on end and had a stretch, and then walked cooliy out of the guard tent, only to fiad the camp utterly deserted, not a man being apparently left in it. Turning into oar tent, we sat down, and ever a refresher out of the inexhaustible rum bottle, we tried, in a boozy sort of way to argue out the position. From where the camp was we could not see what was going on down in the valley by reason of a low ridge which intercepted the view, but we could tell it must be pretty warm work from the hot and continuous firing which was being kept up. \- At last says I to Paddy, ' Why the devil should we be out of the fun'? Let's go up to the sick horse, lines and see if there be anything left there fit to put one leg in front of another.' ' Agreed,' cries he, heartily enough, so I got hold of a butcher's axe for a weapon, and he a sword, and, half drunk as we were, and just in the condition we had left off killing the night before, we started off for the sick horses. But it was no go for a moment here, for there were but two brutes left, and one of them had a leg like a pillar letter box, while the other was down on his side, and -did not look much like rising again. Determined not to be beaten, we started off on foot, and making our way round by the rear of the staff, who were on the edge of the little ridge, we dodged -down into the valley just in the rear of the position of the heavy cavalry. ' Fill the pot again, governor, and I may as well tell you it was Balaclava morning, and the heavies h$jd already charged the Cossacks, and emptied a good many saddles. Russian horses were galloping about riderless, and Paddy and myself parted company to give chase to a couple of these. With some trouble I captured my one, a tidy* little iron grey nag, which I judggd from the saddle and accoutre ments* must have been an officer's charger. 4 It was easy to see from the state of the saddle that the former rider had been despe 1 . rately wounded, and the reins too were bloodier than a dainty man would have liked, but I was . noways squeamish, and mounted the little horse in a twinkling. The moment I had got my seat, I galloped up to . the Heavy Brigade, and formed up coolly on the left flank of the old Royals. They laughed at me as if I had been I. a clown in a pantomime, and I had not been in , position a couple of minutes when up came .. . Johnny Lee, their adjutant, on his old bay mare, at a tearing gallop, and roared to me to ' Go to f- h ? out of that.' There's no mistake, I was | not much credit to them. I was bareheaded, and my bair was like a birchbroam in a fit. I ... was minus a coat, with my shirt sleeves turned , up to the shoulder, and my shirt, face, and bare hairy arms were all splashed and barkened with . blood, which I had picked up at the butchering ' the day before and bad never wiped off. A pair . of long greasy jack boots came up to the thigh, and instead of a sword I had the axe over my shoulder at the slope as regimental as you please. The Russian must have ridden very short, for my knees were up to my nose in his i. stirrups, and so you -may imagine that, taking me all in all, I was rather a hot looking member, especially if you remember that I wae fully half 1 seas over, ' The heavies were in position to support the j Eight Brigade, which had just got the word I to advance. So, when the adjutant of the Royals ordered me off, I looked straight before me, and saw the light bobs going out to the ! front at an easy trot, and on the right of the front rank I caught sight of the plumes in the I lance hatB of my own corps, the old seventeenth. ! My mind was made up on the instant. Ram j ming my spurless heels into the ribs of the i little Russian horse, I started off in pursuit of the Light Brigade as fast B6 I could make him I go, with shouts of laughter from the heavies j ringing behind me, and chased unsuccessfully I'.., by a couple of officers of the Greys, who tried, j to etop me . for decency's sake. As the light I,* bobs were only advancing at a trot I wosn't-long 'before I ranged, up alongside their right flank, and there was old Nosey, as we used to call Cardi gan, well out to the front, and in front of him again was young Nolan of the 16th, with his sword down at the * right engage ' already, although we were a long way off any enemy. J ust as I came up in line with the flank sergeant of the front rank, who looked sideways at me as if 1 had been a ghost, Cardigan turned rounl in bis saddle to Eay a word to the field trumpeter riding at his heels, and then with a wave of his sword went off at score out to the front. In another second all the trumpets of the brigade sounded the 'charge,' and sitting down on our saddles and setting our teeth hard, off we went pell-mell across the valley as hard as ever horse could lay foot to the ground. Pre sently wfe got within range of the devilish Russian battery which was playing right into our teeth, and I saw Nolan, who was a long way out to the front, galloping as if for a wager, toss up his arms, and with a wild shriek fall from his horse. On still, f n we went, faster and faster as our horses got excited and warmed to their work, heedless of the torrent of shot that came tearing through us, and stopping for ever many a bold rider. he for myself, what with the drink in me, and the wild excitement of the headlong charge, I went stark mad, and sent the plucky Russian horse ahead at a pace which kept me in line with the very foremost. Nearer and nearer we came to the dreadful battery, which kept vomit ing death on us like a volcano, till I seemed to feel on my cheek the hot air from the cannon's mouth. At last we were on it. Half-a-dozen of us leaped in among the guns at once, and I with one blow of my axe brained a Russian gunner just as he was clapping the lint stock to the touch-hole of his piece. With an other I split open the head of an officer who was trying to rally the artillery detachment in the rear, and then what of us were left went smack through the stragglers, cutting and slash ing like fiends, right straight at the column of cavalry drawn up behind the battery. What happened then, say you? I can't tell you much more than this, that they were round us like a swarm of bees, and we, not more seemingly than a couple of dozen of us to the fore, were hack ing and hewing away our hardest, each indivi dual man the centre of a separate melee. I kr.ow I never troubled about guards myself, but kept whirling the axe about me, every now and then bringing it down to some purpose, and ever as it fell the Huskies gave ground a bit, only to crush denser round me a minute after. Still nothing seemed to touch me. They dursn't come to close quarters with the sword, for the axe bad a devil of a long reach, and they dursn't use pistols, for they were too thick themselves. I'm hanged if I don't think I should have been there till now, had I not chanced to hear above the din a trumpet from somewhere far in the rear sound 'Threes about.' Round I wheeled, still thrashing about me like a windmill, slap through the heart of the battery again, knock ing over an artilleryman or two as I passed, and presently overtook a small batch of men of various regiments, who under Colonel Sewell, of the 8th, were trying to retreat in some kind of order. I was as sober as a bishop by- this time, take my word for it, and I joined them right cheerfully, but thechances of getting back again to our own side of the valley looked vejy blue. The Ruseiaii cavalry were hard on our heels, and we suffered sorely from the devilish battery in our rear, which kept pelting into the thick of us, without much discrimi nation between friend and foe. The guns on those forts on our left, out of which the cowardly Turks had sneaked, and which had been pounced upon by tbe Russians, were not doing us much good neither, I assure yeu, and it was all the world like being between the devil and tbe deep sea. Soon what little formation we had got was knocked to pieces, and then the word was ' Every man for him self, and God help the hindmost.' A young fellow of the llth Hussars and myself hung together for a while, both of us trying to make the most of our blown and jaded horses, but at last down he went, his horse shot under him and himself wounded. As the lad's bushy rolled off, when his head touched the ground, he gave a look up at me which went to my heart, rough as I was. God pity him, he w&6 little more than a boy, and I had a mother myself once. I was out of the saddle in a twinkling, and had him across the holsters and myself in the seat again only just in time, for the damnable Cossacks were down upon us like so many wolves. Oh 1 he was a good plucked one was that little Russian horse ; right gamely did he struggle with the double load on hiB back, and hurrah, here were the heavies at last, and we are safe. As I was riding to the rear to Rive the wounded man up to the doctor, I passed close under the staff, who were on the brow of the hill above me, but there was no notice taken of me that I perceived. I rode up to our own camp, and by- and-bye a sergeant came and made a prisoner of me for the crime of breaking out of the guard tent when confined thereto — a serious military offence, I can tell you. I wasn't shot for it though, for next day I was brought in front of Luean, who was in command of the cavalry, and who told me that although he had a good mind to try me by couTt-martial, as, he said, I certainly deserved, he would let me off this time in consideration of the use I had made of the liberty I had taken, and perhaps he would do more for me if I kept sober. And that'6 how, Sir, I came by this little medal, which is Britain's reward for distinguished conduct in the field. Thank you, Sir, I'll be sure to drink your heal li.' The death ia announced of General Simpson, at Horringer. new Bury St. Edmund's. Deceased was born in 1792. He bad seen a deal of service in the Peninsular Var. was in tbe Indian campaign of 1845, end was, in tbe Crimea, appointed Commanderin Chief as successor to Lord Raglan. A jury at the Gloucester Assizes hare awarded £750 to a draper named Chandler, living at Swindon, whose wife was killed some months ago on the Great Western Railway at Swindon Station. The jury give £500 to the plaintiff himself, and desired that £250 should be equally apportioned ameng his ten unmarried children. Several thousand emigrants passed through Berlin last week, on their route to America, by way of Bremen. The German emigration is much greater this year than usual. On April the 1st tbe sea coast States of the North German Confederacy hauled down, their respective flrgs and hoisted the new federal ensign, In Bremen, Hamburg, and Lubeck, the occasion was marked by an appropriate ceremony. Courtship is often made up of tbe fact that the girl cells her beau a noble youth, a hero, a genius ; while he cells her a paragon of beauty and gentleness, and so they keep tickling each other till they get married, er.dth'en comcBtbe scolding. A Ci hbler's Anomaly. — When a shoemaker begins to manufacture a shoe, the first thing that he uses is the last. A corhesfondent sends tbe following verses, which he has taken from an album, and which, he declares to be original. The verses are amusing enough to be published, even if we should doubt their originality : — TO MY ROSE. Knows be, wbo never took a pinch, Nowy, the pleasure thence which Cows! Knowe be the titillating joy That wf nose knows! * 0 Nose! I am as proud of thee Ae any mountain of its snows : 1 gase on thee and feel that pride I A Soman knows. 