THE WEEK'S NEWS. More Gold Finds.—On Saturday, September j 12, prospecting claims for gold were taken out by a ; man who described the locality of his operations as being beyond the Montacute.. He exhibited several promising samples of gold, and appeared to be meeting frith a fair amount of success. Government G asset re Extraordinary.—A j Gazette Extraordinary was published on Tuesday, notifying tbe issue of a commission directed to Mr. Justice Wearing, authorizing him to "hold a I Court of oyer and terminer and of general gaol | delivery" at the Couit-House, Bobe, on Friday, the 16th October: also at the Court-House, Mount Gambier, on Thursday, the 22nd October. The Assembly Chamber.—During the week's adjournment a considerable alteration lias been made in the Assembly Chamber. The four large square windows oh the southern side have been blocked up. and above the spaoe which they occupied four small semicircular windows with fan light openings have been formed. On the northern wall four similar semicircular windows in "groups of two" have been constructed, aud the whole of these windows have been boxed in with cedar and neatly finished. Whatever good eftect these ] changes may have upon the lighting and ventila tion of the Chunber, it is hard to believe that they have improved the architectural ap pearance of the room. It still continues strikingly inelegant; but it would have been vain j to have looked for any other result. We hope that some little consideration will be shown to the occupants of the reporters' gallery, who have in the past had to pay the penalty of had air and i badly regulated draughts. Now that the windows ( have been raised so high their position in the latter respect is certainly not likely to be mended. A constant draught from one side of the building j to the other, of which they will receive the full benefit, is not likely to contribute to their comfort or good health. Victoria Theatre.—La Petite is beginning to ; prove herself a bona fide attraction: she has com-1 menced her second week much better thau her first. On Monday night she had a full house, and —what has not been seen in the Victoria for many a day—a brilliant dress circle. The programme was a repetition of Saturday's, and one part of it at least might be made to run all the week. We den't mean "Codadad," which sounds tbe lowest depth of silliness in butlesque. But ] "Punch and Judy" would be endurable after Felix O'Callaghan, junior—as he ought | to be called, to distinguish him from the many adult O'Callaghans we have had. La | Petite Felix is fully developed in everything but 6lature. The purity of the brogue had been ; carried to the height of admiration in her former I characters. On that point it would be impossible I to add to past eulogy. The vivacity of the acting | has alBO become familiar. Nevertheless, there was a "peculiar something" in O'Caiiagban which raised him to a higher level than any of La Petite's past achievements. The part was not simply acted well, but it answered in every respect the severe demands ma 'e on the intelligence of the imperso nator. A little girl who can conceive and express the manners of an Irish waiter must be clever. Training could, however, go a long way in a com paratively narrow groove of that kind. But O'Cal laghan, the Irish adventurer—broken-down spend- J thrift, mesmerist, gallant, and gentleman of all J work—was ni>t a part to learn by rote. Only great natural talent could have enabled La Petite to understand the situations she pourtrayed. To succeed in this as she did placed her dramatic | genius beyond dispute. Let any one imagine : what it Ib to simulate the ready wit of j an Irishman, and to combine with it the perplexity of a man who is always getting into scrapes. Then they may judge what it is to act Felix O'Callaghan. We can recemmend the ■ character, not as an "infant prodigy," or a juve-! nile wonder, but as a genuine piece of Irish ; comedy — a manifestation of the broadest j Hibernian humour. There are incongruities in it, of course, but they never mar the impression which a successful dramatic illusion ought always to maintain. The Torek's Peninsula Salt Lagoons.—We understand that Messrs. Wells, Keid, Heath, and Wiliimott, of Port Adelaide, have secured leases of all the principal salt lagooDS on Yorke's Penin sula, with a view to supp'yiug the cofeny with this useful article. The salt in its coarse state is well adapted for pickling or many other purposes; but | it is in contemplation to erect the necessary machinery at the Pott for the manufacture of fine table salt, and a Company will be formed to work the same. From the quantity of salt yielded by these lagoons, it is probable the Company will be i enabled to ship a considerable quantity to the : other colonies. i Bobbery at Salisbury.—While Mr. and Mrs. Dunn were attending their usual place of worship on Sunday evening their house was entered, and tbe sum of £10 in notes abstracted. The mcney ! was kept in a drawer in the bedroom, and to enter this apartment the thief must has passed through i three other rooms, as entrance was evidently effected by the front door of the shoemaker's shop. It seemB strange that the scoundrel left j everything else undisturbed except in one drawer, tbe contents of which were somewhat disarranged, although other money and valuables which it con tained were left A pair of boots taken from a shelf in the shop were found on Monday morning about a quarter of a mile away, doubtless having proved a misfit; but the rogue has not yet been discovered. Accident at Mount Gambier.—On Saturday last Mr. Estall, tutor in Mr. Loughhead's family, was in the sawmill, and whilst in conversation with Mr. Loughhead he incautiously stretched bis hand 1 across the saw, which was in fall play, tbe result j being that the third and fourth fingers of the right: hand were so mutilated that Dr. Graham found ; amputation was necessary at the second joints, which was accordingly performed. From the skilful treatment brought to bear on the wounded j hand, Mr. Estall anticipates a speedy ewe.—Border I Watch. John Stuart Mill and the Eyre Prosecu tion.—Mr. Mill having been informed that many of his warmest supporters disapproved of his con duct in the matter of Mr. Eyre's prosecution, has written a letter declaring that in no action of his life did he ever feel more clear as to the course which he ought to take than upon this question. Personally he has no feeling against Mr. Eyre, but he cannot regard the ex-Governor's public conduct in Jamaica without the deepest indigna tion. The hon. member comments in strong terms upon Mr. Eyre's conduct since his return to this country, as showing a callousness towards human suffering, and a contempt for his fellow men, which alone, in Mr. Mill's opinion, go far to show his utter unfitness for any station of autho rity overtliem.—8ix ladies have already contributed j£50 each towards Mr. John Stuart's Mill's election expenses as candidate for Westminster.—English Paper. Farmers' Sons and Wages.—A case of some importance to persons engaged in farming pursuits was decided at the Civil Sittings on Tuesday. The plaintiff Enos Peacock, sought to recover wages, at the rate of £40 a year, for work done on his father's farm since he had become of age. The Chief Justice h(*l that having lived with his father, and the relation of father and son subsisting between them, he could not claim wages without there was a special agreement that he should do so. Mount Gambtcb Publicans' Licences.—On Monday next, being the quarterly licensing-day, three applications will be made to the Licensing Bench for publican? general licences. The members of the Bechabite Tent have notified their intention of being present and opposing the appli cations.— Border Watch. The Venerable Bishop of Exeter.—Mits Burdett Coutts has had a painting executed, at a cost of 8)0 guineas, of the Bishop of Exeter, in his 80th year, surrounded by his six sons. Port Suburban Cricket Club.—A meeting o the above Club was held at Alberton on Wednesday eveniDg, the 9th inst.; Mr. F. B. Burton in the chair. The balance- sheet of the last season having been disposed of, the election of officers and Com mittee for the forthcoming one was proceeded with, and resulted in the following gentlemen being appointed:—Capta>n, F. B. Burton (re-elected); Treasurer, G. L. Anthony; Secretary, C. L. Gar diner (re-elected); Committee, Messrs. Adams, Brock, Formby, and Bingwood; the officers to be members of the Co-amittee ex officio. T be election of some new members and the fixing of Club practice brought the business of tbe meeting to a close. Matt. Passengers —The passengers by the mail steamer were Messrs. Herbert Brookes and Robert Clarke and an Indian ayah. Mb. Vial, of Sydney. — We observe from Tasmanian papers that thanks have been voted by the Parliament to Mr. Vial, of Sydney, for bis bravery in connection with the arrest of O'Farrell, at Clontarf, after the attack on the Duke of Edinburgh. The Christchurch Case. — Mr. Way, as counsel for the plaintiffs in the suit of Wadham and Others v. the Lord Bishop of Adelaide and Others, stated that lie, after the judgment de liveredhyHis Honor on the injunction question, had advised his c ients to discontinue the suit. Tbe bill was accordingly ordered to be dismissed with costs as against the plaintiffs. Equity Court—The Primary Judge sat in Equity on Monday, when jndgment was delivered in the suit Holmes and Anotlur v. Cornish and wife in favour of the plaintiffs. Judgment was also delivered on one or two applications for amendment in other suits. Sir Bichard and Laiwr Kxctdonnell.—In | answer to enquiries, we are glsfi 18 be able to state that letters lately received from Hongkong repre sent Sir Bichard and Lady Maedcanell as being in , excellent health, the latter tewing endured the ] climate perfectly well by the idp of a short visit j to dap and another to China. We believe that j at the end of his period«f (JoBesnoiship at Hong kong Sir Bichard wili be entitled to his pension. Supreme Coube.—There was a formal sitting of the Supreme Court on Saturday, the 12th instant, to dispose of the appeal in .the case of Bandell v. the South Australian Insurance Company, Limited. Mr. Bagot, on behalf of the defendants, read a certificate <*€ the Master that all conditions | relative to security, &c;, had been complied with, and moved that the appeal by the defendants from the judgmentflf theSupcemeCourt to their Lord- J ships the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council be allowed. Mr. Brook, on behalf of the plaintiff, consented, and the order was made. The appeal was to be transmitted by the mail on Monday, and is expected to be beard about December next Military Baku.—It will be remembered that at several military funerals the services of the Volunteer Regimental Band have been obtained. We understand that now, however;, on these and other occasions this course will be unnecessary, the officers of the detachment stationed here having among themselves purchased the instru ments for a fife and drum band, and presented them to the Company. This not being the head quarters of the regiment, but simply a depot, the [ officers could not obtain under the regulations a j band, but having arranged to supply the want on | voluntary principles they deserve praise. Practice j has already commenced, and we trust that at times the volunteer and military instrumental bands may discourse 6weet music together, as well as separately, for the enjoyment of the public when suitable opportunities present themselves. Mount Barker Branch Bible Society and Mb. Whiting's Secretariat.—From the brief j report of the Mount Baiker Bible Society meeting, furnished by our local correspondent, it will be ! seen that after discussion, and the London letter I having been read, recognising the branch as a distinct auxiliary, it was decided still to remain as a j branch. The meeting passed a resolution that the branch had no sympathy with the late action of the Adelaide Committee in Mr. Whiting's case. Supplying Natives with Intoxicating Drink.—On Wednesday, September 9, Samuel Dalziel, of Currency Creek, was convicted on two charges of supplying an aboriginal with liquor. In the first case be was fined £10, and in the second j£l and costs; but failing payment of these fines, he was committed to the Adelaide Gaol for three months. Fxbe at stbathalbvn.—An inquest was held onthelOth instant, before Dr. Herbert, J. P., to j inquire into the origin of a fire which occurred on i the morning of the Sth, in some outbuildings occupied by Mr. A. H. Moar, near Strathalbyn. Mr. Thomas Evans having been chosen foreman the scene of the catastrophe was inspected, and from the evidence adduced the Jury arrived at the j conclusion that the bui diDg was set on fire, but there was not sufficient evidence to show by whom. —Southern Argus. The Southern Crops.—We are glad to say the I cereal crops in this neighbourhood and the South are looking extremely promising, with the excep- j tion of here and there the presence of takeail in small patches, but this at present is of a very limited extent; we are glad to say. Farmers are beginning to speak hopefully of their prospects, and altogether we think their grounds of encou ragement well ba<=ed, so far as present appearances warrant.—Southern Argus. ! "The King George's Sound Observer."— This is the title of a diminutive paper we have had by us a few days. The s?zs is equal to four pages of the Cornet. It is published at Albany, price sixpence. According to the opening notice this is intended to be issued on or about the 14th and 27th of each mouth. There is probably room for a paper at the magnificent haibour of Princess Boyal, the calling station for the P. & O. Com. pany'a steamers, and if so this aspirant-albeit we cannot compliment its get-up and printing—will j have a useful position in preventing Albany from being entirely overshadowed by the wings of j "the Swan." The first number contains the prospectus of a flour-mill for Albany, together | with a defence of the anchorage against an assault made upon its character by the Melbourne Argus. Crystal Brook.—A correspondent, writing on the7th September, says:—The weather here has been very changeable the last few days. On Sun day we were visited by a heavy squall, but as yet I have not heard of any damage done. The grass is very backward for this 6eason of the year. We require more rain Shearing commenced here on August 25, and is progressing satisfactorily. Never before has Crystal Brook possessed such au unrivalled lot of shearers. The present number is 55. nearly al first-class men. It is surprising to see with what rapidity the wool flits before the shears, quite astonishing to loafers. We have established a Debating Club, and I am happy to say it has suc ceeded admirably. It would be well if the system of Debating Clubs were more general in the North, aa tlieie they would no doubt operate successfully on many youug men who have no advantage of improving themselves otherwise, an 1 these would make them more suitable for refined society. Volunteer Bedtape.—The Southern Argus of September 12 writes:—"An instance of the red tapeism of the Government departments came to j our knowledge the other day. It appears that j about a month ago a horse belonging to one of the troopers of B Troop of Cavalry received some injuries while on parade, and the Veterinary Surgeon of that troop, who was present, was requested to attend to the animal, but he said he ■ could do nothiug unless he got special orders from : Colonel Bigps. Accordingly information was con veyed to the Staff Office, and on Saturday last, [ nearly a month afterwards, an order was sent for | tlu Veterinary Suigcon to attend the horse. Thus, while the staff officer was thinking about giving an i order of the kind, a trooper's horse might die from i injuries received on parade, notwithstanding the Veterinary Surgeon was on the ground—for what useSwe cau scarcely imagine." Sales op Land in the Sodth-East. — The subjoined memorial from the Mount Gambier Farmers' Club will shortly be presented to Parliament "To the Honourable the House of Assembly of the Province of South Australia, in Parliament assembled. "The petition ff the undersigned, members of the Mount Gambier farmers' Club, humbly sboweth— " That it will be prejudicial to tbe interests of this district and . the colony at large to continue tbe sale of land in this district until after the passing of a new and more liberal Land Act. " That at present tiie lands will fall into the hands of the capitalist, squatter, and speculator, to the exclusion of the bona fi ie settler. " That your petitioners are of opinion a railway will not pay until after the land is settled with population; and that prior to making any lines there should be a new Land Bill to facilitate settle ment on the remaining Crown lands. "That in their opinion the land advertised for sale on the Mosquito Creek. Hundred of Joanna, should be withdrawn so as to be kept in reserve for settlement. "And your petitioners would further draw the attention of your honourable House to the fact that sales of land in this district, which were resolved to be held at Mount Gambiet, have beeu discontinued without the sanction of your honour able House, and are now held in Adelaide; and we would further urge that the land sales be held at Mount Gambier, as formerly agreed. "And your petitioners would further urge that by your honourable House acceding to the wishes herein contained a numerous and prosperous popu lation would certainly settle in tbe South East, to the benefit of the colony at large. "Andyour petitioners, as in duty bound, will ever pray. " Signed on behalf of the Mount Gambier Far mers' Club, "Joseph Smith, President." Victorian Railways.—An important report from the Engineer-in-Chief on the extension of railways in Victoria has been published among the ; Parliamentary Papers. Mr. Higinbotliam states that there is only one line—namely, tbe Melbourne and Upper Murray line—of which it may with con-1 fidence be stated that, on being opened tbioughout. it will pay, after all working expenses have been provided lor. tbe whole of the interest of the money that will lie required for its construction. In the case of tbe Western line, further surveys that will probably occupy at least twelve months, must lie made before any conclusion as to the best route for this line can be arrived at. The Upper Murray line could be opened in two ye irs after the money was borrowed. The best route is by wav of K-sendou. Kilmore, and the main Sydney road to ; Belvoir.—Herald. \ Unprovoked Assault.—On Saturday evening, at about 8 o'clock, Mr. Charles Watts, acleikin Messrs. Bart & Co.'s store, was assaulted by a man in Strangways-terrace, North Adelaide. There was no attempt at robbery, but the offender boiled as suddenly as he had appeared. It is possible to have been a case of mistaken identity. Oyster Culture.—The starting of tbe Young St. George on an expedition amongst the mollusca has raised at the Port the question of legislation on this subject. It is a well-known fact that tbe oyster beds in St. Vincent's Gulf have been en I tirely destroyed by being fished over at unseason : able periods. The eastern coast of Yorke's Penin ! sula a few years back iurnished thousands on \ thousands of oysters to our market; indeed, it was almost tbe only place at one time drawn on for supplies. The oystermen had no rules or laws to guide them, and in consequence they dredged away month after n onth till the stock became destroyed. The Red Cliffs may again become re- I munerative giound for tl.e cutters; but at present j they are arising in the next gulf, and it is cer tainly time some member should enquire into the I matter.—Register. Sfew Zealand.—The Jfeleon Evening Mail says:—"There seems hut too good reason to scspect that the present Maori movement on the North Island is spreading its influence far more widely than was at first imagined, for we have received intelligence that a considerable number c: Maories from the North have lately landed at the Pelorus, where they are sow encamped, and where their movements are watched with no incon siderable suspicion. The attention of the Govern ment' has been directed to this fact; and the requisite precautions have been taken, by the public authorities at Havelook. From a tele fram just received, we find that these Maories ave been holding private meetings, _ which has caused much alarm amongst the inhabitants. The Taranalci Herald says:—" Our native troubles certainly alford an illustration that 'troubles never come singly.' We have adverted before to the sews received from Poverty Bay, where the Chatham Islanders had landed, of the defeat of Major Westrupp, who was obliged to make for the busn leaving everything behind, even the bodies of •the two men killed. We regret now to announce that a second defeat has taken plaoe, Major liichard son having been repulsed and compelled to retreat upon Wairoa. Added to this we find that the natives in the Middle Island are Bhowing signs of uneasiness, and an attack was expected to be made on Havelock, which the Pelorus natives allege belongs to them, having been sold by the wrong patties. What the end of all this will come to, without some active measures are at once taken to suppress it, we should not like to prophesy, and can only hope that if the present Miuistry still retain office, they will carry out the_ native policy they have so dimly shadowed forth in their speeches." Another Victorian Parliamentary Pri soner—The witness Boughtman, whose incarcera tion was ordered by the Legislative Assembly on Thursday last, has been lodged in safe custody at Parliament House. We learn that the Sergeant at-Arms of the House of Assembly arrived at Bal larat on Friday for the purpose of arresting Bought man under the Speaker's warrant. Having com municated with the local police authorities, Detec tive Hyland was dispatched in search of the reluctant witness, who, being a mining man, was soon found at the "Corner," and duly informed of the fact of his presence being required in Melbourne. Boughtman was retained in durance until the starting of the 7 o'clock train for Mel bourne, by which, in charge of Constable Walfe, he was forwarded to his destination. It seems that be made an effort to travel in a first-class carriage, but as this would have necessitated pay ing a portion of the travelling fare of his custodian, he sacrificed his dignity to a sense of economy, and travelled with the attendant constable.—Argus, September 8. Land Lotteries and Lawyers in Mel bourne.—The case of Mr. Hugh Peck was brought before the Legislative Assembly last evening by Mr. Whitemau, who moved a resolution to the effect that in the opinion of the House Mr. Peck's lottery should not be further interfered with. The opinions expressed by hon. members on both sides against this course were, however, so strong, that the hon. member had to withdraw his motion. Although this was the case, it was admitted that Mr. Peck had been hardly dealt with, and some surprise was evinced at the reading, of a letter recently addressed by the late Attorney General—Mr. Higiubotham—to Mr. Peck, stating that he had not been misled at all by the terms of Mr. Peck's application to him, but that, on the contrary, he intended Mr. Peck to understand that no action would he taken ; against him either by himself or any officers of his i department so long as he (Mr. Higinhotham) con tinued Attorney-GeneraL Mr. G. P. Smith en deavoured to excuse himself for the course he had taken by sayiug that it was induced by the defiant I attitude assumed by Mr. Peck; and then, by 1 way of showing his exquisite morality and high and honourable feeling, he gave Mr. Peck the gratuitous legal advice that he need not repay to any of the thousand persons who had purchased shares of him a single penny of the money he had received from them. No doubt the thousand persons who paid their money confiding in the honour of aformer Attorney-< 1 eneral will be highly grateful to Mr. Smith for his kind attentiou to their interests, and will appreciate at its correct value the difference in the two high law officers of the Crown—Mr. Higinhotham and Mr. Smith. Mr. Higinhotham also cannot fail to recognise the gentlemanly feeling exhibited by Mr. Smith towards himself, and the delicacy he exhibits in interfering with any of his decisions.—Argus, j September 9. I Sir Jaiies Fergusson.-The Argus thus ex- ; plains the error in its late special telegrams, noti- ! ying the appointment of Mr. Eyre, in place' of Sir James Fergusson to the Governorship of South Australia:—"There appears to be now no doubt i that Sir James Fergusson, Bart.,of Kilkerran, Ayr- ! shire, is the new Governor of South Australia. j The return of our special correspondent enables us to make this correction of our message from Ade laide. A set of special telegrams had been arranged to be signalled, as usual, from the branch mail vessel as she approached Glenelg. These are ead off' with a glass as the ship nears her anchorage. On this occasion, however, the wind was so light that the flags could not properly be distinguished. The result was that the signal was misread, and so an item which is incorrect was telegraphed to us." Training School —A notice appears in our business columns, inserted by a gentleman in the country who has had a lengthy correspondence as to the Training School in Sydney. We believe that all requisite information is in the possession of the advertiser. M. Vertelli.—The Hamilton.Spcctatorsays:— " Vertelli essayed on Wednesday night a feat of a very dangerous character. A wire rope was stretched from the Land Office to the top of a tree opposite, and, in the midst of blue-fire illumi nations, the acrobat was to walk from point to point with no other aid than his balance-pole. He succeeded in accomplishing the difficult task, which is the more to his credit, inasmuch as he narrowly escaped a violent death at the fi st st:rt. Having advanced a shoit distance from one of the extremities, his foot slipped, the balance-pole either broke or fell from his hands, and Vertelli ouly saved himself by clutching the wire, by means of which he recoveied his position." New Eechabite By-Law.—The Mount Gamlkr Standard says, speaking of the local Society of Independent Order of liechabites:—"It will be interesting to many of our readers to know that a new By-law has been adopted by the Tent, which provides that, 'in the event of alcoholic liquors being ordered by the surgeon as medicine for a sick brother, they shall be at the surgeon's ex pense, as all other medicines.' " Theatre Preaching in Melbourne.—The Eev. Thomas Ness, late co-pastor with the cele brated Mr. Spurgeon in London, is at present preaching a series of Sunday evening sermons at the Duke of Edinburgh Theatre. The rev. gen tleman principally devotes his mission to the working classes of the community and that section of persons who do not attend the services of any Church.—Australian Macs. Colonial Consistency.—"In February, 1S6S." remarks the Launccston Examiner, "the Ministry of Tasmania sanctioned the expenditure of £200 in the purchase of Summaries of Hobart Town news papers, for the purpose of disseminating informa tion respecting the colony in Britain. In August of the same year they impose a penny stamp on every newspaper sent out of the colony." Coal in Tasmania. — The Hobart Town Mercury of the 4th inst. states that " Air. Gould, late Government Geologist, has recently visited the Seymour Alines on the East Coast and several localities near FiDgal and the Break of Day Valley, in which seams of coal are seen to crop out. His object is to trace the thick seam of coal cr. pping on the soulli side of Mount .Nicholas, and proved, upon being cut into by All. Z. Williams some years since under the directions of the Coal Com missioners, to be no less than Id feet in thickness, of which 14 feet are coal. It would follow, that in the event of its proving profitable to extract oils from this coal by dis'illaton, every acre of this hitherto valueless land would become of great im portance from the enormous amount of raw materia contained witliiu it.'" Another AIurder by theQueensland Blacks. —Air. J. Hall Scott, o! Strathbogie, in the Kennedy Distiict, writes to the Brisbane Courier on the 15th July:—"I lately gave you some intelligence of the untimely and melancholy late of Air. Gibbie and bis overseer. Air. Bell, and I have now to follow with another cruel an i heartrending tale of bloodshed. Yesterday, in visiting a sheep station six miles from home, there wet my eye a sight most dreadful to behold. A shepherd with his head cut open, pierced through with spears, and covered with blood, and yet not dead; another boy, of about 12, with a dreadful gash behind his ear, his arm nearly cut off, aud a spear through his thigh; poor boy, he could scaredv speak, and a few hours put an end to his sufferings. The former, Lawie, was a native of Lifu, aud the latter of Sandwich. It appears that tliey were having their dinner, when suddenly the hut was surrounded by wild blacks; they made no resis tance, and the ruthless savages seem to have taken pleasure in torturing them. Poor Lawie, after great suffering, died next day."' Melbourne Preserved Meat.—We understand (says the ArgusJ that the Victorian Meat-Pre serving Company are now actively at work in supplying orders, after nearly twelve months spent in experimenting, sending trial samples to turope, India, China, &c.; It was this Company's meat mainly, we are informed, which Air. Tallerman took with him to London, and letters have been Bhown to us which 6peak highly of the condition in which it arrived at home, being then as sound as when packed in Melbourne. The opinion of practical men in London appears to be that there will scarcely be a limit to its con sumption there, as the Company will be able to sell it at a very reasonable price, whi'e securing for themselves a handsome return. A considerable shipment has just been made by the Benvenue for the London market. The Portlaw takes a con siderable quantity to Calcutta, and the Tekei has on board a consignment for China. Captain Tonkin, of the Norfolk, reports that he opened and used two casks of it in the tropics on his last passage home, and that it proved to be an excellent change from the other meats on board, giving every satisfaction. We are glad to find, therefore, that this important and most UBetul branch of j business is now in full operation. a Potosi Silver Mine.—A. report, dated Sep-1 teraber 14, has been presented to the Chairman and Directors of the Potosi Silver Mining Com pany, Limited, by Messrs C. L Dubois and F. C. Singleton, as follows:—" We beg to inform you that we visited your mineral sections on Friday and found that Mr. Richardson, the Surveyor, had completed his work. The result of the survey is that the costeen pit first opened by your men on what is called the Almanda lode proves to be about 15 feet on the wrong side of the boundary line, and is on Hill's section; but the same lode, running in a north-east direction, has been opened on again in three places on your sections, and has been traced for at least 2)0 yards, with every prospect of its being proved right through the property. The large lode which was discovered when Mr. Dubois was last up also proves to be outside your northern boundary, but now it has been well explored we do not consider its loss at ail important; in fact, we should have advised the working it to be abandoned for the present, we are glad to inform you that on Thursday the men discovered another lode some distance to the north of the Almanda lode. This has a most promising appearance, and we should recommend its being opened at once, so that fair samples of it may be obtained. Should it prove payable it is in the most favourable position possible for working* in fact, the whole of the property can be worked at a very low cost, oh account of the abundant supply of runuing water, fuel, and easy access by roads. Salaries op Acting-Govebnobs.—A despatch from the Colonial Office, relative to the refunding of a portion of the salary received by General Carey whilst administering the government of this colony wa3, last night, on the motion of Captain MacMahon, ordered to be laid on the table of the Legislative Assembly. It appears that when ad ministering the government of Victoria General Carey, as had been the custom, received the whole of the salary appropriated for the Governor of the eilony. On the arrival of His Excellency Sir J. H. T. Manners Sutton in the colony, he demanded half salary from the date of his embarkation in England. General Carey replied that he had been paid and had spent the salary. The Colonial i Office, however, said the present Governor had a j right to the portion he demanded, and General j Carey then refunded it. We understand the tenor of the despatch recentlv received is to the j effect that if the Parliament of Vjetoria votesa suin | to recoup General Carey there will be no objection ; to his receiving it.—Argus, September 10. j The Town Clock of Mount Gambiee.—The | Watch lias the following timely piece in its latest number:—"Probably the foregoing heading, as far as the first word is concerned, is not strictly grammatical, the town clock of Mount Gambier being at present a most indefinite article. That the clock is imperatively wanted cannot be ques tioned, and probably no additional establishment employing only two hands would more conduce to the advancement of the township. "Time is money,' says an old adage; and loss of time is worse than loss of money, says common sense. Yet whole mornings, and evenings too, are frittered away in this township through the varying modes of keeping time- or rather of not keeping it-which prevail among our mercantile men. No two watches approximate even to each other's dicta; and, except the Border A atch, not one is to be depended on for regularity and tide lty. Then as to our present clocks, there is nothmg obviously striking in connection with tliem except the fact that they all strike at diflerent times. What with Melbourne tune, Adelaide time, eolar time, and, for aught that appears to the con trary, lunar time—probably the most appropriate epithet of the lot-the declaration of a mean time means nothing at all. And this disordered state of temporal affairs continues from day to day at the Mount, yet no serious attempt is made to wind up. An alarum was sounded by a paragraph in the last number of this paper, and a key to the my6tery was furnished. There are, especially in matters of this kind, wheels within wheels, and in the c.ock case under discussion the clockmakers of tbe dis trict appear to be chieflv blamable for our present irregularities. Those gentlemen are not generally slow, being for the most part reputed as fast young men, but ready to yield to the regulator. _ln the present instance they have proved weak in the i spring, and have apparently vibrated, like a pen dulum. on the question whether to tender or not. | Why they should be tender in the matter of ten dering is not very apparent—they are not deficient in face, and know the time of day full welL lo whatever extent their bandy works may be adapted to tick, t.hev would not or" course be requited to give tick furthe town clock." Remarkable if Tree.-The Melbourne corre spondent of the Geeloitg Begister writes:— I " Much lias been said and written in all time of the extraordinary compensating power of the j I other faculties in the case of those who ate un fortunately deprived of that greatest blessing—eye sight; and apropos of the opeuing of the Institu tion for the Blind, I may mention in illustration of the above fact tbe case of a young man, the son of a mercantile gentleman in Melhourne, who goes i about town as freely and as qu.ckly as most other j people on business. Although totally bund tor 17 , years, his eyes are not closed, so that few are | aware that it is a blind man who is pushing j his way aloug the busy streets. He de- j livers commercial accounts to different houses ; to settle with unerring accuracy. He pa=sed | his father in the street the other day. i and although the Utter did not stop nor make i any sign he reminded his father iti the evening of their having met. He not long since undertook the pilotage of another blind man across the busy street at the Post-Office, the applicant for such aid being unaware that he was seeking assistance from one labouring under the same disability. During thecrossing a sudden turn of a vehicle jeopardized the two; but the superior d'scernment of instinct of the young man saved them from accident The young gentleman I refer to goes up and down Dy train, goes to visit friends, &e.;, without assistance. He is a good chess and draft player, entirely by touch and memory. His only recollecti >n of the to him outer world is a dim one of the sky under some atmospheric influences which seems more especially to have been impressed on his memory. Mb. Holloway in Melbourne.-Our old friend Mr. Holloway has been distinguishing himself in Melbourne. To show that our opinion with regard to his robustious style is not a singular one we subjoin the following extract from the Argus: - "The principal feature in the entertainment at the Duke of Edinburgh Theatre on Saturday night was 'The Green Hills of the Far West,' a melodrama, as trashy and more absurd than the pieces of that description usually are. The chief patts in tlie play were sustained hy Mr. and Mrs. Holloway, Sir. Eol e, Sir. Spiller, and Mr. Daniels, all of whom bellowed, strutted, stamped, and shouted in a manner which evoked the enthusiastic applause of the "gods." Mr. Holloway merits a special compliment, for in one scene he roared so loud that we fear lie created some alarm among the frequenters of the Eastern Market. The drama was succeeded by an exhibition of Mr. Barlow's performing dogs, and a farce."' Decay of the Forests of Victoria.—The Ararat Advertiser says:—"Two gent'emen who of late have travelled much in Victoria state that the dying out of the eucalypti is progressing at a rate that would scarcely be credited by those that were not made aware of the fact from actual obser vation. They say that in some parts of the colony to the north-east there are belts of timber of many miles in length and about an eighth of a mile in breadth, in which all the trees, without any excep tion, are decaying: and that any person getting upon the line of this decaying vegetation would suppose he was looking at an English scene in winter, the branches being in almost every in stance completely divested of foliage. There is little doubt but the course of a few years will have the effect of so thinning our forests, if this dying out of our timber continues, that it will have a perceptible influence on the climate. To the north some of the squatters complain much of the decay of these trees, aud they peceive, or imagine they perceive, a decided difference in the climate within the last few years." Kailwats in Victoria and South Australia. —The Victorian Legislative Assembly are at present discussing a Lean Bill for some two million pounds for the construction of a railway to tap New South Wales. There is one party who strongly recom mend that the colony should look after its own internal means of communication, and not try to gain any advantage over its neighbours. There is another party who speak in jubiant terms of the prospect of having Adelaide and Sydney connected with Melbourne by rail, believing that that would render the latter city the emporium for the colonies. In respect to the line agitated for, to run towards the South Australian frontier, Mr. Butters recently remarked in the Assemb'y :— "The proposed line from Portland to Hamilton was one which he believed would soon claim the immediate attention of the colony, and taking the population of that district at 23,u30, and allowing for the proportion of inhabitants of South Australia who would be likely to make use of it, the number of persons per mile would lie 450—a number which compared favourably with any of the figures before given. Ic might be very well for the colony to spend two millions of money in the attempt to secure a portion of the trade of New South Wales, but they were also to remember that the Adelaide people proposed to spend some thing like one million of money to get a part of the trade of this colony in the Western District. It was proposed that this line shou'd tap some 60 miles of back country, in order to tap the garden of the we»t and a country which annually produced 2,240.000 fleeces. If it were of such importance for the South Australian Government to tap this dis trict in the west, the subject ought to be carefully considered by the present Government, in order to protect the trade of the colony; and he was glad that the Minister of Railways had stated that after the completion of the Ovens line a short line from Portland to Hamilton would receive favourable consideration. He believed it would be highly beneficial in a commercial point of view, and its saving in the matter of Customs ougiit not to be overlooked. He understood that the cost of the I line would not exceed £250,000: but let them take it at £300,000. If they could have a traffic of £41,000 a year upon it, and if they could save £50,000 a year in Customs, that was equivalent to three years' purchase of the line. He believed that the Ovens line as a main trunk line claimed pre cedence over the others, and for that reason it was I his intention to support it: but while doing so he must press upon the Government the necessity of ; providing for the requirements of the west." Fiji Engagement Between the Boats of H.M.S. Challenger and the Natives.—By the ! arrival of the schooner Gem, Captain Nor cliff, from the South Sea Islands, we have news of an engagement in the Rewa River, Fiji, between the natives and the boats1 crewB of H. M.S. Challenger. On the arrival of that vessel at Rewa the launch and two other boats were got out with guns, in charge of Captain Browning; the British Consul also ] being present, they proceeded up the Kewa River with orders from Commodore Lambert to shell the towns; but the weather being so wet this could not effected without landing. A shell was thrown into a native council house, which burst just after they had got clear. The natives offered resistance, and an engagement ensued. The crews landed, aud burnt the towns. Mr. Creeimnn, a settler, was shot through the neck during the engagement, but was recovering. In coming down the river the launch got on shore, and at that time one of the marines was shot, the ball lodging in the lungs. He is not expected to recover. The Challenger left Rewa about August 5 for New Hebrides. Commodore Lambert left orders for H.M.B Charybdis to cruise in the vicinity of the Fijis, under instructions from the British Consul. Several natives are supposed to have been killed, but as they fell in the bush it was impossible to as certain the number.—Sydney Empire, September 3. The Ceine e in Victoria.—A very interesting report of the condition of the Chinese in Victoria, by the Rev. W. Young, has been laid on the table I of both Houses of the Victorian Parliament. Mr. Young says"The repoit divides itself into four parts. The first part contains statistics of Chinese population, and particulars of their employment, &c.;, and were furnished by the Chinese interpreters, in reply to a long series of questions put to them by me. Much interesting information is contained in these statistics, and some valuable suggestions. , The second part contains a professional report on the condition aud wants of the Chinese lepers on Ballarat, by Dr. Cleudinning, which is a valuable document. The third part contains a translation of a code of rules of a Chinese Association, which I considered might be deemed of importance by you, inasmuch as it throws light on some of the social habits of the Chinese. The mode in which the code deals with offenders may possibly suggest to tbose who are charged with the making of laws for the government of these people a more effectual method of dealing with the numerous Chinese petty larcenies and robberies perpetrated in all directions, and which the mode of punish ment hitherto adopted for suppressing has been found to be insufficient. The foutth part contains my report on the condition of the Chinese in the colony, together with suggestions as to how that condition may be improved, and those vicious practices and crimes suppressed which are so notoriously prevalent among the Chinese.'' Dr. Cakb turned Dentist.—Dr. Carr, the phrenological lecturer and mesmerist, has been lately lecturing at Forbes, New South Wales, and on one occasion attempted to draw a tooth from one of his audience, named Ingham. The tooth was broken during the operation, and plaintiff claimed at the Police Court £10 damages for alleged wilful injury. Dr. Carr having stated before the audience that the tooth had been drawn while plaintiff was in his natural state to punish him for ! liis impudence. Plaintiff examined by the Bench —I was oue of a number of volunteers that went forward on the stage to have my tooth extracted, aud Dr. Carr broke it off by the gum, and said to the meeting that he had done this to punish me. The Bench — Punish you! for what? For my impudence. The Bench—Was that the word? It was impudence, or something like it. The Bench—Have you suffered much pain ? It is not what I have suffered, but I am afraid of what I may suffer in the future by having the roots re moved. The Bench—Did you feel any pain at the time? I did. The Bench—Were you mesmerized? No. The Bench—When you sat uown to have your tooth extracted did you expect to feel any pain? I expected to feel some pain. Cross examined by defendant—Were you drunk upon the night that I broke your tooth? No; I cannot say that I was. Defendant—Were you drunk? I had taken a nobbier or two. Defendant—Were you drunk? Tbe Bench—Yes or no? Yes. De fendant—Did you swear and smoke your pipe upon the stage during the interval while I was absent, and annoy my subjects? I believe I was smoking. Defendant—Have you a distinct recollection of what occurred that night? Yes. Defendant—Do you remember my breaking your tooth? Yes. Defendant—Do you remember swear ing and smoking before the audience during my absence? Yes; I was not swearing at you; it was ' at the pianist. Defendant—When you sat down to have your tooth drawn, while I was in the act of placing tbe instrument did you throw your hands up violently and force mine away? Ves, I did; it was high time, because you hurt me. Defendant Did 1 give you to understand either that you were mesmerized, or that you would feel no pain? De fendant—Will your Worship permit me to explain that all the punishment I wished to inflict upon this man was the pain consequent upon tooth extrac tion. 1 extracted other teeth that night upon the stage without pain, while the subjects were in the mesmeric state. This man admits that be knew j he would feel pain, that he was perfectly conscious, and that 1 had given him distinctly to understand that he would feel the pain; he did not care, he ! would insist upon having it out. It was not my intention to break the tooth. It was my wish to extract it. but owing to the violent resistance of this drunken man the tooth was broken off by the aveolar process. I consider it no want of skill on my part, since the most skilful dentist would find it impossible to extract such a tooth under equal re sistance. The Bench retired for about five minutes, aud upon coming into Court the Police Magistrate slated that the majority of the Bench were of opinion that it was a case of assault; that if Cm , plaintiff had been guilty of misconduct he should ; have been handed over to the police; that Dr. Oarr ; liad no right to take the law into his own hands. Dr. Carr's statement to the audience that he had j done this to punish the plaintiff clearly proved an assault had been committed. Mr. Cropper then ' said—I dissent from the decision of the Bench, i because I consider that no assault has been com mitted, as the plaintiff was aware that he would feel pain; that be was not misled, and that the 1 defendant simply wished him to feel the pain incidental to tooth extraction. Fined 40s. The defendant then gave notice to the Bench that j he would apply to the Supreme Court for prohibition. The Melbourne Monster Telescope.—The Student and Intellectual Observer says:—" While the Melbourne telescope is regarded in England as 'in many respects far more convenient and , manageable than any other monster telescope : hitherto made,1 it is also held to lie deficient in ; some of the later improvements. The writer says j the telescope should have had silvered glass mirrors instead of the 'out-of-date metallic re flectors,1 which require a longer tube to ensure the j same light as tbat obtained from the glass mirrors with a shorter tube, and therefore less liability to disturbance by vibration. To Mr. Grubb. the con-! stiuctor, the highest compliments are given, anil the telescope is admitted to be 'a fine one of its class,' in proof whereof it is said ' that the light even of large stars was collected into small, hard, and perfectly circular discs free from rays, and though some diffused light surrounded them, it was exactly concentric with the central discs.' The mirror is four feet in diameter, and the 'planetary nebula in 46 M. was revealed as a ring bright even as the dazzling ground of the surrounding stars, which were as brilliant as the Pleiades appear in ordinary instruments." Aquatics.—It will be gratifying to aquatic men to learn that steps are in a :tive progress to fur nish the Port with a rowing club and form an establishment near the Port Bridge which will I afford every requirement for the comfort and con venience of its patrons. The site chosen is the bank of the river on the southern side of the bridge, where Mr. B'icknall lias in course of erec tion a large boat-house with apartmen s ad joining, and a building at the side intended for a hostelry. At present the structure is of iron and timber ; but should the undertaking prove a success, stone will be sub stituted. The proximity of the spot to a fine sheet of water is much in its favour. There are thirty boats of all descriptions which were ready to have been launched in the Torrens if the Dam had been completed; but that work having fallen through, the proprietors have resolved on removing the lot | to the Port and starting a Club. The first step in this direction will be taken in the way of applying to the Bench of Magistrates for a licence for the house attached. £ifle Match:—The conquering match between the No. 1 Battery of Artillery and the No. 1 Company of Infantry (West Adelaide), came eff at the Butts ou Satuiday afternoon, September 12. The weather was favourable for the contest although rather windy, and some very good scores were made on either side, the Artillery winning the match by a trifling majority of points. The highest scores were, for the successful party, Sergeant White 90 with one miss; and on the other side79 with two misses, by Private G. Hicks; and some first-rate totals at 200, SO», and 400 yards wei e made. The firing, as usual, was with the Enfield in the Hythe position, and the scoring was as follows:— No. 1 Battery. Yds. 200 300 400 500 Ttl Lt-ColMathews 0223333 0001030 3233043 2300000 4-i Capr.Claxton... 33233-3 3:144402 3423444 402:1330 78 Lieut. Fiveash. 4321422 3022U03 2343343 3222002 63 Sergt. Lawrence 3244343 2332303 3443:134 300022c 72 White 4433344 2333324 4X14143 042:1443 9't CorporalMoody 2233234 «>33n334 243 014 2034022 64 GunncrStibbles 3243443 32244:14 3343444 3332023 SS Average per man, 71? points. 499 No. 1 Company Capt. Scott ... 2242242 3234324 2233322 32234X1 76 Pnv.J.Morcom 4343331 2220233 3332232 3224233 74 t4. Hicks ... 4243423 2321243 0433343 4X20412 79 W. Blinman. 3313314 3300020 4333032 220X103 63 J. Hicks ... 4323232 3432133 2223324 0202404 71 W. A. Head.. 3314:124 2202203 2234X14 3222422 71 M. Leonard.. 3U30J43 0024422 343J310 02 iuu33 52 Average per man, 69? points. 456 Majority for the Artillery, 13. The Hughes Venture.—At a meeting of the promoters of this venture, held on Thursday week, it was resolved to form the same into a Company represented by 7,200 shares. The property is known as Hill's sections, and is situated next to the Almanda claims. During the last few weeks three or four men have been at work, and have succeeded in cutting a well-defined lode, from which samples have been assayed by Messrs. James and Thomas, with results of 15, 18, and 43 ozs. of silver to the ton. The promoters are well pleased with the prospects of their claim, and feel very sanguine of success. The Rev. J. Gardner.—'We understand that a social tea meeting will take place on Monday evening next in the schoolroom of Chalmers Church, at which the Rev. J. Gardner will bid farewell to his flock. On the following morning the rev. pastor and the office-bearers of his Church will be entertained at a breakfast to be given them by the Presbytery. The Rev. Mr. Gardner expects t) sail for Melbourne the same day, en route to Tasmania. The Far North.—We learn by private letters from Umberatana, Para too, and Beltana,' that there has been no rain in the North. The shearing is going on satisfactorily. Eastern Plains.—By this mail we are credibly informed that a large area of country is looking bad, and literally black with caterpillars eating grass, saltbush, &c;„ to the earth. A letter on the , subject will be found in another column. Unless heavy rains set in a large number of sheep will j have to be sent away. Moolooloo.—A gentleman writes thus from the neighbourhood of Moolooloo:—"The weather during the day has been very hot lately, but the nights are sufficiently cold for one to feel the benefit of a couple of rugs, especially when camping out. We have had a dry season up to this time, and thunderstorms are all we can now look for. Large numbers of sheep are travelling down from the North, having had to leave-their own runs from the scarcity of feed. It falls very hard upon some about here who have been saving a little grass for their stock, in case of the season turning out as it has done, to have a lot of travelling sheep passing over the very country they need so much for themselves. But in the present state of the law there seems to be no remedy for it. Shearing has already commenced at several of the neighbouring stations, and will begin at Moolooloo about the 25th of the month." Murninnie Mining Company.—Advices have been received from the agents of this Company in London, under date of July 14, respecting the sale of one of the parcels of ore which had been shipped per Inveraray. The price realized was at the rate of 14s. per unit of copper and 28s. per unit of bis muth. The exact result of the shipment was not known, as at the date of the letter the report of the assayer had not been received. Gawleb Town Hall.—A public meeting of ratepayers was held on the 14th in the Oddfellows' Hall, when a resolution in favour of borrowing XI,500, for the erection of a Town Hall in connec tion with the Institute, was carried. At the close a poll was demanded. This was held on the 15th, the town presenting quite a lively appearance, and much interest was taken in the proceedings. Mr. J. RudalL, Town Clerk, acted as Presiding Officer. A number of ladies voted. The poll was declared at about half-past 4 o'clock, the following being the result:—Total voters, 1E4; for, 93; against, 61. Votes for, 294; against, 162 -majority of votes in favour of the Hall, 112. A vote of thanks to the Presiding Officer was given at the close. Accident at Glenelg.—On Tuesday evening about half-past 5, as Mr. Fleming's bus was turning out of the yard preparatory to picking up pas sengers for town, the driver, a young man named John Alexander, had the misfortune to lose hold of one of his reins. He, on the impulse of the moment, jumped from his seat, the result being the breaking of both the bones of his right leg just below the knee. He was immediately removed to Mr. Fleming's house. Dr. Cotter was quickly in attendance and set the leg. directing the removal of the sufferer to the Hospital. We understand the young man only began driving on the Bay-road on Sunday last. The Prince's Spade.—Mr. James Scctt, of Bundle-street, has had a silver plate suitably in scribed attached to the handle of the spade used by H.R.H. the Duke of E iinburgh in planting the tree at the Botanic Garden. Patneham. — A temperance meeting in con nection with the Hope of Payneham Tent, A.D, was held in the Primitive Methodist Chapel on Tuesday evening. September 15. There was a large attendance, including a number of the Band of Hope, who sung several temperance melodies during the evening. Mr. J. T. Headdey, D.D.R, presided, and the meeting was addressed by the Chairman, and Messrs. Trye, Pickering, Clark, Jones, and Rosewarne. A vote of thanks was passed to the Chairman and Mr. Pickering for their attendance, and the meeting closed. Meat-Preservation with Bisulphite of Lime. — A preliminary meeting, convened by circular, was held on Tuesday afternoon at 2 o'clock, at the offices of Messrs. Geo. Baynton and Co., Bundle-street, to attest evidence received from England and Victoria of the successful use of bisulphite of lime in the preservation of animal substances, and to discuss its merits generally Mr. S. Davenport occupied the chair, and there were present Dr. Davies. Messrs. A. ;S. Clark, Oharnock, S. V. PizJ.v, Baynton, Goss, Alston, and Fergusson. A number of pamphlets and other documents relative to the preserving qualities of the bisulphite were upou the table, together with the Society of Arts' report upon a number of methods tried, and their enumeration of about 2(J0 inventions aiming at the accomplishment of the same object. Mr. Pizsy read a clear and well written paper detailing the results of experiments made in England and Victoria, which had resulted satisfactorily. The evidences and testimonials collected and presented were very explicit, and the { hope was expressed that the movement would be gone iuto with vigour. The Chairman expressed the thauks of those assembled for the valuable information detailed, and as the result of discus sion, various interesting particulars bearing upon this and other systems were elicited. It was stated during the conversation that quan tities of meat preserved by beiug lipped in the solution had been shipped from England to India and China: that the chemical was being largely used by butchers in London, throughout many other parts of England, and in Scotland. Not only would it preserve joints, and sides of mutton and beef, but fowls, game, and, in fact, the rarest deli cacies were stated to be improved by it. Fowls had been kept 15 months alter being killed, and turkeys, pheasants, &c.;, shipped from Canada to Great Britain, after being defunct for four months, arrived at their destination quite fresh and sweet. In addition to these results, it appears that the largest brewers of London, Burton, and other places employ the hi in immense quantities in preserving ale, rinsing the casks with it slightly prior to shipment. Housekeepers cau press it into service to keep butter, and even to prevent milk and cream being affected by thunderstorms, in fact, space would fail us to enumerate what can be accomplished in this direction, but we must men tion—though rather inappropriate in connection with the preservation of articles of daily food and exquisite delicacies for the luncheon or tea table— another use to which the hi has been applied. Human bodies, we are gravely told, have been kept prior to dissection in a perfect state of preservation for mouths —an assurance which appeared to cause great satisfaction to those present, and possibly it might have been surmised that the Egyptians knew of this preservative, and first brought it into use, moderns seeing the results in mummies aged several thousand years. A number of suggestions were made as to the best course of procedure to adopt to test its efficacy here, but it having been stated that 30 casks of meat had been seat to England from Victoria it was ultimately, 011 the motion of Mr. Obarnock, seconded by Dr. Ha vies, decided that a cask of meat be procured from Melbourne by Messrs. Baynton & Co. preserved by this process, and that another meeting should be convened to repoit upon it. Action will then be taken. As to the best form of sending meat to the English market, if, as the result of this discussion, the system should he adopted, it appeared to be considered that whilst there would be advantages in the less cost of freight if bones were extracted, the pre judice against preserved mutton (if iu this instance it could be ever known to be such) would be much easier overcome if bones were left in, as the joints presented a sightly appearance. It was alleged that I the difference in retail price at home between the I preserved and ordinary meat would be very slight, I and an advant ige not to be overlooked was this, that any person or grower couM adopt the process. It was suggested that pamphlets, giving the col lected information iu a condense d form, should be prepared and circulated among sheepfarmers. stockowners, merchants, shippers, and others interested, and this idea will probably be acted upon. There would be special advantages in the use of this scheme in connection with boiling down works, as it was stated by gentlemen present practically acquainted with the details of these establishments that in a ( 0 lb. sheep, 20 lbs. of lean parts could be taken out comparatively useless in I reducing for tallow, as the legs and oilier parts I included in these would not contain more than two or three pounds of tallow. Mort's freezing process and other modes of preparing meat for export were incidentally mentioned, the preponderance of evidence being, however, considered to lie largely in favour of the mode now submitted. Messrs. E. Keep & Co., of Melbourne, agents for the patentees, to whom those assembled were indebted for much valuable information, have, it was stated, 1.2U0 gallons of the bisulphite iiuleute.L and the cost is 5s. per gallon in Melbourne. About 3d. per lb. of meat, it is computed, would cover the cost of the operation, and meat is dipped for a short period iu the solution, generally 15 to 20 minutes. At the meeting when the preserved meat is to be produced the attendance will doubtless be much larger, and the details then submitted will pro bably be fully discussed. The Overlaid Mail to Melboubne.—We learn from the Argus tiiat at the fortnightly . meeting of the Committee of the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce, held on the Sth instant, letters from the Adelaide Chamber on the question of licensing brokers were read, and from Mr. W. B. Evans on the subject of intercolonial postage. In reference to the lionising of brokers, the Secretary was instructed to write to the Attorney- General enquiring if aDy measure on the subject had been drafted, as promised by his predecessor. The Secretary having reported that fresh mail tenders were already called for by the Hon. Postmaster General for the conveyance of inland letters, and that a time-table had been arranged whicn would secure the delivery of the mails at Penola from Melbourne in thirty-four lioure. the Secretary was instructed to write to tiie Adelaide Chamber with a view to secure the necessary change in the service on their side of the Border to make it a four days' 1 pest between Melbourne and Adelaide. Pokt-boad Tolls.—A return hu been printed by order of the House of Assembly, from vhidi it appears that the total amount expended inci dental on the erection of tollgates on the Port road has been £87519s. 3d. The total amount of tolls collected from the 1st July, 1837, to 32nd August, 1868, was £1.550 3a. 101, whilst the total amount paid for collection of tolls has been £387 10s. 4<L The Destitute Persons Belief Act.—On Wednesday the Full Court, on the of Mr. Strangways, ordered the disrhargo 0f prisoner named Charles OHiver, .who had .been committed to gaol under the provisions of Act, which was passed last session. The ground upon which the release was granted was a in the warrant, which did not Bet out the circumstances of the case. Mubray and Darling News.—We are in debted to the kindness of Captain Pickhills, of the steamer Queen, for the subjoined items of river news, which had unfortunately been mislaid. He writes:—"The Queen arrived at Milang this morning (the 13th) after a passage of 72 hours fiom Wentwortfa, bringing 142 bales Croxier's and Fletcher's wool, being the first of the river clip for the season. There is no news of a rise in the Darling. Drays are daily arriving «nt leaving Wentworth with station supplies, &c.; The water has fallen nearly three feet at Wentworth. We passed the Maranoa, steamer, at Blanchetown, with crank broken, and disabled. The snagboat Grappler seems to be usefully employed at Bell Island, al*«riw,e various impediments to the river navigation,* It will be seen from our shipping column that by the Moolgewanke, which left Mannum on Sep tember 15, Mr. J. B. Bandell sent up four wagons and 20 horses, to be engaged in conveying cargo from Wentworth upward on account of the low state of the river higher than that town, Mr. Bandell informs us that he telegraphed to Went worth to ascertain what news the Darling mail brought there on Saturday, and the reply was, " no rise in the river sufficient for traffic;" npj he consequently sent up horses < and wagons On the 15th our Blanchetown correspondent writes:—"The Queen steamer.arrived here on Saturday, bringing the first of the season's clip of wool, 154 bales- brands, BM, DF, W in circle; and dM; and as 1 do not intend such an audacious statement as that of Mr. Orr's in relation to last year's clip brought to South Australia to pass again unchallenged, I will, in addition to sending you the number of bales arriving by each ship, send yon also a monthly statement with the total as they accumulate, so that at the end of the season one row of figures will show a total that cannot be disputed. The Prince Alfred, Maranoa, and Moolgewanke arrived here this week with stores for Wentworth and the Upper Bireis." Jupiter Creek.—The Southern Argus of Satur day, September 12, says:—"That very infectious disease the gold fever has shown some veiy alarming symptoms in the Southern townships during the past week or two, and numbers of ita victims may be seen starting off with bag and baggage for Jupiter Creek. The tradesmen are beginning to have serious apprehensions of this migration, and in one or two instances thev have followed the example of their customer^ and have gone off to seek a fortune at the South Australian Eldorado, leaving their wives to attend to the business in the meantime. The gold fever iiaa so strongly attacked Port Eliiot that at the meeting of the Southern Agricultural Association, held on Wednesday evening, all that was done was to call a meeting of the Committee to make final arrange ments fur a ploughing match. The show will not be attempted under the present circumstances." Benceof Magistrates.—The quarterly meeting of the Bench of Magistrates was held in the Polite Court on Monday, September 14. There was a large attendance of Justices, Sir J. H. Fisher pit siding. Thirty-five publicans' transfers were agreed to, six were adjourned, and two refused. There were six applications for new houses—one wbb adjourned for 11 days, two were refused, two granted, and one withdrawn. Several storekeepecs* and cattle-slaughtering licences were granted and renewed. The prayer of two memorials for the reduction of the impounding-fees for the sustenance of cattle while in pound was agreed to, and the rate reduced from 2s. fid. to Is. The question of allow ing night-licences to publicans was brought forward by Mr. Cullen, but was adjourned to the next meeting—September 23. Monthly Soiree.—On Wednesday evening, September 16, the monthly soiree in connection with the St Patrick's Temperance Association and Guild of St John Baptist was held in St. Xavier's Hall. There was a large attendance. The Pre sident (the Bev. J. £. T. Woods) opened the pro ceedings by a very interesting address, entitled " Alcohol.*' Solos and recitations were also given by amateurs and members of the Association. The Temperance Brass Band was also in atten dance, and gave several selections of music at intervals during the evening. Symptoms of Bed Bust.—Mr. W. B. Hill, of Langhome's Greek, has brought to our office a sample of Cape barley growing on his land, also a sample of marsh mallow, both showing what he thiuks to be "red rust." A crop of barley on contiguous land was similarly affected last year, when there was no crop; and Mr. Hill fears the now growing crop will be a failure. The Wrong Man.—An extraordinary case of mistaken identity has come to our knowledge (sayB the Melbourne Argus). About two months ago a man was found dead or dying in the verandah of a house in Hotham. At the inquest subsequently held upon the body, a number of persons testified to its being tbat of a man named Collard, some of the witnesses stating that they had knowu the deceased for a considerable period. A verdict of death from sanguineous apoplexy was .returned, and the friends of the deceased in England were written to, informing them of the event. The day before yesterday the Oman Ccl ard appeared in Hotham alive, and in his usual health, after some months* sojourn in the country. The terror of the female members of the household where he pre sented himself was extreme, until he had satisfied them he was real flesh and blood, and not a ghost This seems to have been one of those curious instances of personal resemblance that are some times read about in novels or seen upon the stage, but which are generally regarded as existing only in the imaginations of fertile story-writers, or in genious dramatists. The case was reported to the police yesterday, as it is of some importance for the genuine Collard to establish his identity, inasmuch as be has been in the receipt of an annuity, which of course will have beeu discontinued on the news of liis supposed death. Plan of the British Post-Office Telegbaph. — It proposesTo open a central telegraphic office at each of the 10 district post offices in London. To open subordinate telegraph offices at the sorting offices and receiving offices in each district. To connect the subordinate telegraphic offices of each district with the central telegraphic office of that district. To establish direct communication between each central telegraphic office aBd each other central telegraphic office in London. To establish central telegraphx offices at the post offices of the principal towns in the kingdom, and to establish direct communica tion between all such central telegraphic offices aud the central telegraphic office in the east central district of London. Xo est blish tlirtc- commu nication between the more importantof the central telegraphic offices in the provinces, and the central telegraphic offices in the west central, western, and south-western districts of Loudon. To establish a direct communication between each central telegraphic office in the provinces, aud such of the other central telegraphic offices in the provinces as it may be desirable to connect with it. To open subordinate telegraphic offices at the district offices, sorting offices, aa<l certain of the receiving offices in Liverpool, and to connect them with tlie central office iu Liverpool; in like manner to open subordinate telegraphic offices at the principal receiving offices iu such towns as Edinburgh, Dublin, Manchester, Gia-gow, Leeds, Bristol, Sheffield, Bradford, and to connect each group of subordinate offices with its cential tele graph office. To opeu iu the first instance subor dinate offices, connected in like manner with central offices at the inoney-order offices of all places having a population of 2.0!) i persons and U| wattls. To open deposit offices, that is. offices at which messages may be deposited, and the charge thereon paid, at every post-office in the United Kingdom at which no telegraph office is esta blished. To permit the pillar boxes throughout the kingdom to be places of deposit for met gages, provided such messages be written oil stamped paper. To require payment for messages to be made in stamps, or by writing them on stamped paper, and to issue special stamps for that purpose. To make the charge for transmission from any one part to any other part of the United Kingdom uniformly, and without regard to distance. 16. for the first twenty words, with an addition of sixpence for every addition of ten words or part of ten words; such charge to include free delivery by special messenger at any place within the town delivery of tlie terminal office, when that office is a post office, and within one mile of the terminal office when that office is not a head post office, and to include free transmission by post from a deposit office to the nearest telegraphic office, when the message is so left for transmission, or free deliveiy by post when the addressee resides out of the limits cf the terminal office, and the sender does not desire to pay for a special messenger. To fix the rate for conveyance by special messenger beyond the limits of the free delivery, at sixpence per double mile. To make arrangements, on the plan of those pre vailing in Belgium and Swi'zerland, for the regis tration and re-direction of telegrams, and for the delivery of copies. To give facilities for the trans mission • f money-orders by telegraph, on payment of the charge for the message, and of a commission which shall not be less than two ordinary com missions, and under cet tain restrictions as to the amount to be remitted by any one person.— JJLckenss ** AU the Year It'/Uiid. Printed and published every Friday morning and every Saturday morning, by the Proprietors, Edward We Andrews, Wm. Kyffin Thoxab, ami John Howard Clark, at the offices of the Adelaide Observer, Grenfell-street, Adelaide, Soutf* Australia, where advertisements, orders, and com munications are received. 