THE CLOSED STAIRCASE. ' (fkom once a week.) ! ? ' *I was walking \ip arid down ; the cloistered court of St. Oswald's, with my friend Bryce, one evening early in the Lent terra of 185 — . It was only my second term of residence, and as Bryce was on the point of taking his' degree, X regarded' lum -with a considerable amount of respect,' not to say awe — for he it waa-who had allowed me to rub off my freBh jiess upon him, and saved me, by many n timely hint, from- several of- the errors and gmicheries incidental to the uninitiated in undergraduate life. I had fagged for him at school, and the mutual friendship once begun there, and interrupted for a space of three years try his residonco in the University, had how sprung up again more warmly than ever. And now, ?meeting again after the vacation, which he had spent in hard reading in his college rooms, there .was the usual comparing of notos on every conoeivnble subject, slipping by ^irapojceptible gradations from skating to politics to theology, and 'thence round again taking in. the'origln of evil, and the interme diate state of existence by the wny,) to the chances that so-and-so had of obtaining the vacant University scholarship. At last it seemed as if we -bad pretty well exhausted everything, ' conversable ;' the current of cur talk flowed in a shallowor and still shallower stream, and we 'were on the point of separat ing for the night, which was far advanced, when a casual quostion of mine altered, the whole course of affairs, and kept us out of our beds for a considerable period longer. It arose ?thus: From the court at regular intervals staircases opened, eaoh one leading to three or four different sets of rooms, all with their occupants, as there was never a sat of rooms vacant for any length of time in college'. Bnt ill one part of the court, at the south corner, where, in the natural course of things, one ?would have expected to see a staircase likewise, there was simply a door, shut close. Passing for perhaps the hundreth time in our circuit of the court, I carelessly kicked against it, noticed that it .was- fast, and had no handle, keyhole, or.other means ? of opening ; and turning to Bryce, asked whether a sham door wbb sup posed to be either useful or ornamental by tho intelligent-architect of the court. To which he replied, .withr^rather a. meaning smile : — : —iDecidedly-useful-in this case, if tradition is to be believed.';,' MVhat,' said I,' Ms there some special and peculiar vintage of old port; reserved for the most solemn carouses of most ancient fellows, to .which admission is gained by a secret spring, known only to the hereditary invio lable butler?' : . ''??'' 'No,' said he, laughing. 'Bottles, if any be behind that door, must deserve the sobri quet we give the empty ones, as, we roll them . into the corner of the room at supper time — 'dead men.' However, if you choose to hear the story1 as' it'whs told to me by. an old Tutor, who was a junior fellow of St. Oswald's when the events causing that door to be closed took place1 (here he gave it another kick, which made me cold to my toes), ' and if you will do me tlieJHstice to believe that I am not practi sing oh your ingenious innocahce, I am entirely at your service.' , Of. course I gladly assented; and though I had tfelt so sleepy five minutes since, .it that moment I could have been warranted to keep awake for a week. ; ? Bryce started off. with the, story,Lwhioh I give in.his'own'wordsj as far as jl can remember them :- — ? 'I think I came up here better initiated than most men in the lore of the' University, owing to old Johnson, who spent at least half the time when he ought to have been polish ing up my Greek Iambics, in reciting thrilling tales of his own undergraduate life; striking, undoubtedly, most of them were, and much better fun than composing a dialogue (a long way) after' Sophocles ; nqno. of them have, however/retained so firm a hold* on rhy mind as the one' connected with, ;or rather sealed, by that 'door. '' It appears that one of his most intimate friends, Bamed' Marsden, moved into those rooms .'only' a.. short time before his degree, having previously kept in the town. The college was not then so full 'as now ; many other colleges which' B'ave now sunk into com parative . insignificance by the side of St. Oswald's) were then, competitors with it in point of numbers ; and he chose these rooms as being in a quiet and retired corner of the court; where: he might adventure that often repeated, but generally unsuccessful, experi ment of making up' for three years' laziness by three months' reading, He had got comfort ably settled in the rooms, and had' begun carefully' to parcel out the .day,: as is the custom of reading men, into slabs of duty, meals, and exercise. One ovening, it was tho 15th November, 179 — (he had every reason to recollect the date), he was returning home ratfiw later than usual, having been detained at' his coach's rooms over an unusually re fractory, and hysterical Greek chorus, when he noticed in ascending the stairs to his room's an unusual illumination in the' sitting-room. Not being sure whether he might not have left his candles burning; 'or whether his bedmaker, who was not ayerso. to' brandy, had fallen a victim to spontaneous combustion, and was. an unwilling holocaust on his hearth, he hurried up and in; when a most remarkable sight presented itself. The room was brilliantly lighted by wax candles, fixed in Bcojicos against the wall, and in massive candelabra, evidently old collego plate, which' wero set on the table ; the table itself extended from end to end of the apartment, and on each side were seated young men in tho dress of the end of the seven teeth or early part of tho eighteenth century, carousing much after the manner of their descendants of tho nineteenth. The post of chairman was occupied by a remarkably hand some young follow, somewhat older apparently than the rest, and with a countenance which bore unmistakable traces of dissolute living, and who seemed every now and then, troubled by sonio unpleasant thought which clouded his brow, though he was thejife of tho party, nndseemed'to bo continually firing off fresh \vitticisms to keep thoin going. ;,But still 'his mind was evidently not there ; lie kept glanc ing at the door, as though expecting some one to enter ; and now Marsdon noticed for tho first time that the seat on the right hand of the . host was vacant. No sooner had he noticed this.(for ho' stood at his own door spoil-bound, but with every faculty, save that of speech, at its extremest tension), than the seat .was filled, and filled by a fair young man, whose boyish and innocent cast of features strangely contrasted with that of the head of the table. Over the face of this latter, as the youth entered, there seemed to pass a malicious smile, 03 he lifted his glass, and pledged the new comer. While this was going on, Marsden was not conscious of hearing any sound, nay,. by a sort of double sense, while kept alive to the quasi-reality of the scene before him, he could see,' as in a shadowy back ground, his own books, surmounted by his own bust of Plato, which looked far more ghost-like than the ghostly banqueters. ' And now the drinking seemed to become fierce ; the youth on the right hand, who at first refused wine, was yielding to the polite entrea ties of his next neighbour (who again mo tioned to the servants to replenish his glass), and was gradually becoming flushed and heated. Tho whole company appeared to get disorderly, healths were drunk with great rapidity, and all the well-known accompaniments, of under graduate suppers in their most advanced stago seemed to be taking place ; and just at this time. Marsden noticed that tho; countenances of ail the others with : the. exception of the fair guest, were such as would 'stamp them as belonging' to wnat we should call tho 'worst sot';' and their expression was not improvcd'by intoxication.' At last all seemed to be either asleep or maudlin, savo the host and'his' next 'neighbour,' who doubtless from the lateness of bis arrival, . together with his abstemiousness at first, had thus held out. But now he too seemed rapidly becoming like the rest, when on a sudden the host rose, went to a small cabinet (for the servants had quittod the room), and -took thence a small bottle labelled ' Tokay.' Filling a glass he handed it to his friend, who drank it off with a sort of foolish half-tipsy smile ; but in one instant tho smile changed to an expression ? of pain, then to one of horror, and then as ho caught the eye of the host fixed on him in malicious triumph, to one of indescribable hate. Slaking a violent effort to rise from his chair and a fruitless one to clench his fist and strike his foe, his whole frame relaxed and fell for ward, and at the same moment there was a hideous groan, and the whole sight — supper, guests, poisoner, and poisoned — vanished, and the room was in utter darkness. .... 'Mareden awoke to find himself in his bed, diligently attended by his old bed-maker, who was giving him and herself alternate spoonsf ull of brandy and water. 'The stato of insensibility in which she had found him, required, alas I no explanation from 'him in her eyes, as it was not a very uncommon experience of h'era.to discover her ' young gentlemen,' one or ' more of them, prone on the floor, rather, than on the beds of their apartments on her arrival in the early mornings, and had she sought for or expected any account, Marsden was by no means in a humour to give one. At first, indeed he made up his mind to tell nobody, and of course, ten minutes afterwards, when his friend Johnson came into his room, he detailed his strange vision of the preceding night at length. Sad to say, Johnson's conntenauce expressed the belief that Marsden had returned for one night at least to the somewhat reckless orgies which had adorned his early terms of residence and was suffering in consequence thereof, and his only comment on the story was, 'My dear fellow, if you will go on getting drunk up to the threshold of your degree, you will most undoubtedly bo plucked. So Marsdon said no more, and merely contenting himself with^ writing a brief abstract of that scene which he himself know not how to account for, he did the most sensible thing under the circum stances,, and tried to forget all about it. A month rolled by, the term waned, all but a few steady readers were departing, or had departed, to their homes for Christmas. The fifteenth of December was just closing in, gloomy and damp, and Marsden settled, with a wearied sigh at the vanity of life, such as is not uncommon at twoand-twenty, to his books. Wonder/ul to: relate, ho got interested, and several -hours flew by without his relaxing his attention. However, on looking at his watch, and seeing it close on ? midnight, he was drowsily determining to. go tombed, when on* a sudden his whole room seemed to becomo illuminated. He was at tho time standing at an upright desk for reading in one corner of his room, and instantly faced about. To his. horror and astonishment, he beheld' the same scene already described, of 'the supper and the poisoning, re-enacted in every particular. . ' We shall get you better soon, old boy)' said Johnson to him, as he. bent over to him about a fortnight after the above date; 'but you have succeeded in reading yourself into. a. brain fever, and may consider yoursolf lucky ; that you have escaped with no worse conse quences than, temporary ' baldness, and the appetiteof an ostrich.' - . ' Marsden replied by two questions : ' ' What day of the month is it ? and when can I be moved V ? . : ' ' It is tho second of January, and in about a fortnight's time we may get you away from here.' ' To Johnson's surprise, and almost alarm, Marsden sprang up, or rather half sprang up, in bod, and, seizing him by tho arm, said, - ' If you don't got me away in less than a fortnight) you inay spare yourselves' the trouble, for the undertaker^ will do the job more satisfactorily.1 ' ' Johnson endeavoured to quiet him, think ing, not unreasonably, tliat ^hefe'vur had riot yet left him, and. indeed he ; was worse for. some hours afterwards. But later in tho even ing he repeated tho story he had . told to my old -tutor- six- weeks before; and Johnson sensibly informed the doctor, when he called,' of his friend's dread of a repetition of the same scenes' on the corresponding day of January, if lie were suffered to remain- so long; and with considerable risk to Marsden, happily unattended with bad results, (he ' was moved out on tho fourteenth of that month. . 'Tho rooms have never since been occupied.' 'Well,' said I, as Bryce paused here, 'had no ono the courage to brave the spectral symposium I' 'Yes,' said he, 'The next night Johnson made^a point of sitting up in the rooms, but he unfortunately had taken so much in tho way of gentle stimulants to nerve him for the expected terrors, that he awoke, after a some what uncomfortable slumber, at four o'clock in the morning of the 16th, to find himself in profound darkness, and with a violent cold in the head. ' But,' said I again, ' was no explanation ever offered of the extraordinary scene of which Marsden was witness 1' ' Only this,' replied Bryce ; ' some weeks afterwards, when ho was slowly recruiting his health at his father's house in Leicester shire ho found among a bundle of old papers in a disused room, a strange confession of an ancestor of his, whom he had heard of as a wild fast liver, who had suddenly sobered ;down, gone abroad, and turned monk, but of, fwhose; history but little was known. The manuscript contained a very ordinary account of love and jealousy, induced by a handsomo young rival in the affections of a certain young lady, ending with an obscure vow of vengeance against him. Then came a blank, and afterwards these singular words — ' 'Nov. .IGth, 1G9— : Good . God ! am I to go through that horrible evening again 1 Not a soul but myself knows or suspects that I had had anything to do with'- his death, they put it down to excessive drinking and excitement ; and hero am I forced by some frightful fate to commit tho same ghastly crime in spirit as each fifteenth day of the month comes round ! Forgive me, Oh God ! — but I know it cannot bo. I must ba'rry about a living hell within me till I die ! Here the MS. ceased abruptly. Whether its contents were intended to bo made' known by the unhappy man (who before the end of the year had quitted England for ever), or to be left in 'obscurity, it is impossible to say. At any rate, the narrative was not found till the time I mention, and I need hardly say materially retarded Marsden's recovery. He was never able to ascertain whether the vision had ap peared to others beforo Ids time, or whether, as a descendant of the murderer, he had been specially favored in the matter.- Nobody else ever repeated the experiment which failed in Johnson's cose, for the story came to the master's eats, and as the rooms occupied by Marsdeu were not particularly convenient or particularly wanted, and as he had a great dislike, as ho said, to further addling the brains of undergraduate'inembers of the college' by any additional distraction, he caused tho door you see at the bottom of the staircase to be fixed firmly in its place ; and it hasn't, as far as I am aware, occurred to . any succeeding college authorities to have it opened since. But I do not despair of 'seance ' being held there yet, as there are one or two of the junior fellows who believe' in that sort of thing — and in nothing else. But come,' concluded Bryce, ' I ' ought to have been in bed hours ago, so, if my firo has not hopelessly subsided, wo will contrive a small jug of ' Bishop ' before we turn in.' W. J. L. 