TOPICS OF THE DAY. By the Aldinga we have files from Melbourne to the 25th; Sydney, 19th; Brisbane, 14t h; Maryborough, 12th; Launceston, 21st; and New Zealand, 14th inst. We call attention to Mr. A. J. Baker's address to the dtuens of Adelaide on his caa* didatare lor the Mayoralty?^ We observe by an announcement in our btt?neMoolumM that then b to be a grind •elect ball at tbe Town Ball Befreabine?t- Booms on Christmas Ere. .—????- A collision took place on the City Bndge-road on Friday mooring, betwm a. tnn belonging to Dr. Wh&teuSa;^eke^^ named TfaauaaMabady. Lueldlyno injury was done, except to one of the honei W The Government have received a number of tender* for a Teasel to take Mr. Sf9?2V sF? djtton to tbe Northern Territory Twoof the tenders ate for amaU sailing craft andthexemaiaderto •<*-???. Se^o^rn! meet hm not yet decided Aether they wfllemploy a steamer or a sailing veawL but we believe the matter wOlbTwttledt^dav Meanwhile the Snrre^r^enSuSun^S pubi on hu prepantians with ?U posrible vigor We an informad that a gnat cornier _^ ??^_*jwtJWinne? £ga U? aaifcet^XN>riSS^^M?A^rb themagniCcenae of the lode and tbe quantity are very exact ayd dotafltd the promoters ?f •ww*"*???r^napoMbl^oT?H^ _ * TOdmtand • cpoewt and lecture jSwiWUl^? ?*?*•,,&. oiatoot will tan place on Toesdar everdns next, at the Salisbury AasembljrKootiia. Very Bev. J. E. Tenboa WooiVUtoSve'tte lecture on "Eie Fonni of AnttM," and the Hon. T. Hogarth weaid^ o?^I' portion rf ttt ?h>iA.?^ 1 .j t ,i tni n t j^ Mr, R Gfllc^i* and Hit mHabm of tfat Wtrt Adelaide choir, who have kindly volunteered A fer^o?dent seuds xu* !&&&$? lowing;:—." We hear that |the Collator if Ous somsnksin^JHLorfler to his department to -the effect utatiio ofnber is to enter any hotel for du? pursues ?t tlrreshmeut during tasi ness hours. As maayof the Customs officer* live at long distances from the Port, leaving home very early and returning late, such an order must be felt by them as very hard. Surely, as in all business offices, some arrangement might be made, by which one officer could relieve another fora short time, -whilst -recruiting the inner-man. We fancy the Collector himself would consider he was treated with great severity if men an order were issued to him by the Government." The Kapunda Herald says—We un derstand that a sad accident occurred te a German named Gottlieb Bcbild, on Tuesday morning, while carting in wood from Emu Plains,- U appears that the load ya* stocked rather tugh, and the man was seated on top. while coming down a hill, near Hansborough, the top of the stack gave way, throwing the man on to the ground, breaking his leg just above the ankle. There he lay until another party was passing, who picked him up, and putting rum into his waggon, drove him into Kapunda, where Mr. Schramm kindly attended to the sufferer—who was a stranger to him—obtained medical assistance, and subsequently sent him down at his own cost to the Hospital per train, also sending one of his own men with him, to attend him during the journey. A deputation, consisting of the Hons. J. Croner, William Morgan, and J. H. Barrow, Messrs. William Everard, M.P., Neville Myth, M.P.. W. H. Charnock, James Scott, J. W. Smith, Thomas Goode, Henderson, Eaton, and Captains George and Thomas Johnston, waited upon the Commis sioner of Pnblic Works, on Friday morning, to urge upon him the advisability of pipreaai?g the length of the Jetty at Port Victor, and reducing the rate of the tramway charges on river-borne goods. The Commissioner promised that an officer should be immediately dispatched to Port Viator, and if he reported that the extension of the Jetty would be an useful improvement without a breakwater, the work would without delay be proceeded with. Respecting the tramway charges, he intimated that it was likely the Government would reduce the rate of wool carriage 25 pec cent. There was a considerable stir on 'Change on Friday morning, caused by the sudden and heavy fall in Wheat Hughes shares. At the beginning of the week we quoted them at £3 165., and last sales at ££ 155., but during the next three days they became duller, till £3 2s. 6d. was the qnotation, with little doing. On Thursday afternoon there were signs of an ap proaching panic, which came in earnest on Friday, and the shares fell to £2 135., and, we ' understand, have - even been sold under that figure. The cause of the depreciation is a change; in the lode, a large stone having been met with, which narrows the width of ore considerably. There are believers in the urine who attach little Importance to this break in the lode, aad have bought readily at the reduced rates. The quotation £5 2s. 6d. in Friday's Advertiser was a slip of the pen on the part of the writer of the mining report, the price intended to be named being £3 2s. 6d. The Penola correspondent of the Mount Gambia- Standard sends the following particulars to that paper:—"Considerable sensation was created here yesterday by the discovery of the remains of Thomas McKinlay, in a paddock a short distance from the town. The discovery was made by Mr. Hugh Came ron. The body was, to a very great extent, wasted by decomposition, so much so as almost to be past recognition of features. Deceased had been missing from hia home for about nine days. As he had wandered away on previous occasions and been found making towards Mel bourne it was believed he had gone off in that direction. The police had been out looking for him, and making enquiries for two days. Deceased was subject to occasional visitations from insanity,- and had .been once or twice before the Magistrates' Court. - The appearance of the body leads to the belief that deceased committed suicide by cutting his throat Part of the implements used in his trade (a tailor) were found~with the "remains. I may add that die polio* did not receive information of the man being missing till he had been absent from bis home for six or seven days. Judging from the appearance of the remain?, deceased must have been dead at least about eight days. De ceased was a married man, and has left & widow and five young children, the eldest of whom is only about nine years of age. Much sympathy is felt for Mn. McKinlay and the poor orphan children.'' An inquest was held on the body, and the finding of the Jury was, that the de ceased had cut bis throat whilst in a state of temporary insanity. A friend who had an interview with a passenger from Cape York has communicated the following to the Gladstone Observer .— "The Hamlet's Ghost, with the spurious Count Attems on board, put into Somerset (Cape York) about the 15th of August. On being boarded by the police boit he mads enquiries as to whether a frigate had arrived there, and on being answered in the affirmative became agitated and eagerly enquired about her move ments, but appeared relieved when told that the vessel was H.M.S. Virago, and-that she had left the settlement in January. He remained eight days, and during the whole time kept a bright look-out for vessels in tile offing. Th? captain and crew were discharged in conse quence of a row between the 'Count' and the captain, in which revolvers were drawn. The crew refused to put the captain in irons. It appears that the Count had kept them in awe by threatening to give them 25 lashes apiece when he fell in with the Austrian frigate he was alwavs.expecting. The acting police magis trate induced the crew to re-ship under a fresh agreement, all but the captain and steward, who remained behind. While in port the Count was always dressed in the uniform of ah Austrian captain of cavalry, and wore a sword when on Bhore._ He made a great display of the money he had with him, and purposely left bills of ex change lying about bis cabin for visitors to see, many of which were filled in for large amounts, and only wanted his signature. He succeeded in imposing upon the authorities, taking sup plies for his vessel and paying for them in bills, which theholdaa will doubtless discover are Amongst those who were swindleo, are two naturalists—one zumed Thorpe. The Count bought stuffed birds, ice., from them to the amount of about £30, but some blight compunc tion must have touched him, for, .contrary to custom, he paid them half in cash and half by a bill. He sailed for Bate via on the eighth day leaving letters for the captain of the Austrian frigate, and his bankers in Sydney. The frigate was ordered to follow him on to Timor. The captain he has with him is one Austin, late master of the brig Beliance. which was wrecked on the Solomon group. He was picked up and brought into Bo wen, whence he shipped as mate on board tile Hamlet's Ghost. Two days after she left Somerset, the schooner Captain Cook arrived from Bowen, with a warrant for the ar rest of the Count" ' . A practical fanner sends us (Kapunda Herald.) the following notes of -a trip from A&gas; Park to Adelaide with respect to the appearance of the crops on the way:—"From Angaa Park to Tanunda early crops look well —the late crops, short -and thin; the Bay of Biscay land is everywhere ? good deal mixed with oats. The takeafi is worst in wet land and in the furrows.- -I - think draining might cure it ; deep ploughing will not. Tanunda to Eyndoch Valley fair crops, but dirty. Lyndoch to Williamstown,- middling;' a good deal of takeau. WiUiamstown to Chain of Ponds, -very little wheat Potatoes look well, and the gardens generally about the Chain of Ponds. The open land is as scrubby now as it was(2Q years age. The cutting of sleepers- -for the railway is clearing off some fine timber, and helps to beep the inhabitants an employment. - Many that sowed wheat last year had to buy their flour, and some of them did not sow any this year. Chain of Ponds to Teatree Gully nearly all-gardens in the gullies, which are of fin*, black, wet soil. The fences are generally old posts and rails covered with rose bushes of all kinds; they are beautiful to look at, and a good- fence. The -faDls an ?crabby end-steep, as if the people had set their paddocks on edge was to (row a crop on both sides of them, but somehow they always got the stony side up permost. A great deal of cutting has been done on the main lines, and the roads are metalled throughout. Fine young nsplitig* are growing oh the aides of the road with out-any hindrance to traffic;-but if a tree is growing on the: toad-side in the North it is rooted out. Instead of that, if they would plant the road sides with efty kind that would grow, they would be an ornament and a. shade. The crops from the hills.to Adelaide are very good—nearly all hay and barley, which pay better than wheat. . I returned by the Para Plains, bat?s the crop* have Jjeen described in thspapan, I will only mention Enfield, which has Improved greatly since I saw it last. It is the onfy plan where I have seen a long avenue enclosed on both sides with native pines, in fine healthy condition. I do sot under, stand the roads on these Plains. The rail, way was mad* with die people's money, and upayfog something towards its own work ing expenses—the main roads are also made with the peopleVsuaiey, but pay nothing to wards .. flinir bmtb wMnt^pnn^ Jq casst, between Gaw4sr?nd Adelaide, the railway and main line are running side by side—two oppo sition lines worked at a lon by the same Cam pair/. I betteve our Government is not clever •noiigh to-make them both pay, so they had better throw upon of them. Any private company could make the rail way pay; and if tbaParliMMnt win make the District Counofls a present of the other, tiurywfll find the rail way pay bettor, tad a burden off tfatir hand*." 