THE FUNERAL OF THE LATE ARCHDEACON HUNTER. The funeral of this generally respected gentleman, the last of the English Roman Catholic clergy who came tout=to the colony with, the late Bishop "Willson, toqk place on Tuesday, 3rd Jsovember. According to previous arrangement the corpse was removed early on Monday morning to St Joseph's Church, of which he had boen one of the priests. At eight o clock, the coffin "having been placed in the Church laid out instate with lighted candles, the usual, office for the dead was repeated. At this time the Church was crowded with the -many mourners and friends of the deceased.. The Church, was draped in black, and the officiating clergymen, were all in mourning habiliments. At 9 o'clock the High/Mass -commenced, .and the magnificent Mass of "Gregorian Requiem," was .celebrated. The officiating clergy were, the most' EeVerend Dr. Murphy, Bisbop of Hobart Town, Celebrant ; the Rev. J. Dunne, Vicar-General; Assistant Priests: The JRev. D. F. Bechinor, A.M, Rev. P. Hennesby. Deacon, The Rev. C. Woods acted as Master of Ceremonies. The clergy officiating during the subsequent services were as follow:—The Bisbop, the Vicar- General, Rev. C. Woods ol St. Joseph's Church, Hobart Town; Rev. E. C. Marum, Jerusalem ; Rev. M. Keohan, Oatlands ; Rev. J. Murphy, Franklin ; Rev. - J. • McKernan, Port Cygnet; Rev. M. J ? Bechinoir, Campbell Town; Rev. J. Butler, of' ST Mary's Cathedral The choir was conducted by the Rev. Joseph SheehyofSt Mary's Cathedral, the organist accompaniment bein? played by Mr. F. A. Packer. We have before said that the musie was that of a splendid production known by the name of "Gregorian Heqniem," which was beautifully and solemnly rendered. The singers were Messrs. S. Sheehy, J. O'Boyle, J.' EL Melvyn, Linly Norman, assisted by the leader Father Sheeby, and a nnmber of female voices. . L: After the beautiful Mass for the dead had been celebrated, Bishop Murphy with the attendant priests and .acolytes marched in procession ; round the coffin of the deceased, aud incensed the, coffin, repeating the appropriate prayers for the dead of the Church of Rome. , Bishop Murphy then approached the head of the coffin, and delivered a panegyric sermon on the deceased, of which the following is only a summary, as it was impossible from the noise outside to catch every word the Rev. Prelate uttered. He said that it was a holy and wholesome thought to think occasionally of the grave. It was only ou Sunday that they had assembled in prayer to commit the souls of all faithful departed to the care of tbe saints, •and many had at that time offered up the most fervent prayers fer the late Rev. Archdeacon Hunter.. He felt assured and proud on seeing the large assembly there to-day, to do honour to the memory of; the best and most energetic priest that had resided! amongst them. It was sufficient to wash away any! stain, if such had for one moment rested on his' memory. He was a staunch and good priest. Iti was impossible to seethe ways of inscrutable Provi-; dence, but it had pleased the Giver of all good, to' take away one of the best of men in the flower of' his age, when his utility was of the greatest, by. consequence of his mature experience,, on whioh all" could rely; and which had secured him tbe lasting esteem of all. The loss to the community was general It was not merely sectarian. And all had metthat day to mourn the loss. He had.be'ei} ac-f tive and independent member of the church, making every effort to reclaim the wicked, comfort the sick and needy, and assisting the poor to the uttermost of his means. He had been a wise and prudent councillor to himself (the Bishop), and in whom he had always the greatest confidence^ He had in fact, without exception been a model priest, in all his life. He had always been respect^ f ul to his superiors, punctual in the discharge of those duties which devolved upon him ; to the poor he was always compassionate, and bis heart had always been tempered with a true charity to those outside his own church. To the orphan he had always proved himself a true and reliable friend, especially to the orphans in the New TOWB Asylum, to whom he was guardian, .and aftet whose welfare his attention was unflagginZ whether in the Orphan Asylum or after they ha! gone into the world to seek their own living. HE never missed to visit them. The Reverend Bishop especially dwelt on the great interest the deceasea had always shewn towards the children of the Orphan Schools, which had been especially nnddr his charge as guardian, and also to the great interest he had taken some years ago in the prisoner population" of the jails. &c.;, and continued, saying that the Catholic Church had lost a good man and goop priest, and a faithful ineulcator of her principle!, and that a lustre would attach to his name fir generations to come, as their veuerated Archdeacon. The Bishop proceeded to give the following sketch of the deceased's history : he was, he said, born it Nottingham, England, on the 21st September, ISip, md his early education was received at Sedgl^y Park School m Staffordshire, where he spent se\jeral years. On the appointment ;of the late • Bishop Willson to the , Diocese of Hobart. Town, Mr. . ™! 011 to thp J Jloees « of Hobart. Town, Mi ^ f M ffnih to. accompany tan.Wis the time oulv eighteen years of age. He did so. came here in 1S44, with the Bishop, Fathers' Hall, Bond, Livermore, &c.; He then recommenced ( " his studies to the church, und. r Father Cotham, and was-appointed catechist under the government and ordained on the 30th March, 1850. In October, 1SS2, he was appointed chaplain po the Orphan Asylum at New Town, and has since 1860 been ona of its guardians. He was associated with the lamented late Dr. Hall, in. tiie charge of St Joseph's Church.- The Bishop continued at some length to remark on the devotedness of the deceased to " his multifarious duties, in which he had endeared himself to all, fey his unsectarian discharge of them, and his universal charities. He said that in May last the health of the deceased failed from "the severe duties, which had tried an otherwise strong constitution,-and-that after visiting Melbourne, where ha—... received the best advice, and was encircled with the kindest friends, he found himself compelled to return.' A little time ago, he thought he was better, and expressed a hope that he would be able to officiate {on All Saints' Day, last Sunday, but, he was then no more. He would mention* that although for the last day before his decease, he could not recognise any of his friends, yet at the } : last moment, in articulo mortis, he opened his eyes ; ' and said, 'Glory be to God the Father, :God the, ; - Son, and God the Holy Ghost,' leaving the impression on thejninds of those around-that his .soul_ai the last moment was in communion with his God, and that his soul would shortly enter, into the mm, ber of the just After some -further comments on the meritorious character of the deceased he said that the best tribute the assembled mourners could pay the memory of the. deceased wag. to follow so good and admirable example of a pious and justlife presented to them by him, and so that they > then. might live where sorrow existed hot, and* happiness should-reign supreme. '<> ; At the conclusion of the address,- the Clergy Jeft ' the Church, and the undertaker, Mr. J. McLough- -Jin, formed the procession outride, with the assistance of the attendants of the Church. The tirocession consisted, first of the children oi the Orphan^* Schools at New Town to the number of 350, then aliout 100 Sunday school children followed by 80 young girls of the St Josep1i*s~schools in white dressea iind black crape veils; these were ioUow&L; l::! by 116 girls of the Sunday schools in white dresses' aud white cowls. The. undertaker nert, and,; following him were the priests and acolytes, the priests bearing the Cross, and "Ugh ted lamps. Then came the Bishop of" Hobart Town in a : carnage accompanied by the Vicar-GeneraL These were foHowed by the body of the deceased, in a triple. - . coffin, the first of lead, the last of poliihed'cfedar. On each%ide of the coffin the priests in-town-actedas pall bearersj and on each side twelve young, ladies in wliite. The chief mourner was Mr. Heniy' Hunter, tlie brother of the ' deceased clergyman. The procession was followed by 200 mourners, .amongst whom were many of our, leading • citizens, amongst them His Worship the Mayor, the Revd»| I' Archdeacon Davies, F. H. Cox, Davenports .Huds^-'' petb, and Green; also, Mr.' Commissioner' Browne, Dr. Smart, Mr. Fitzgerald, Mr: Propstring and others. .. - The procession was accompanied by an immense number of persons of all classes along Harringtonstreet, turning up Bathurst-street .to the ..Roman Catholic Burying ground, where: the corpse was committed to its.last resting place, with the usual ceremonies, and the vast multitude slowly dispersed. 