THE WEEKS NEWS. Decease of Mb. E. W. Wickes.—Our readers will notice in the obituary column this morning the name of one who for many years filled an honourable position usefully as Secretary of the Board of Education. It will be in his connection with the educational system of South Australia that the name of this kind-hearted old gentleman, who quietly passed away on Sunday, at the ripe age of 73, will be longest remembered. To say that on the Board, and throughout the ranks of the licensed and private teachers, aB well as in various other departments of the public service and in religious circles^ he had many friends, is only to state a truism, for those were his friends who knew him.. His life latterly has been very retired, consequent on increasing infirmities. When a young man Mr. Wickes' tastes led him to desire to enter the ministry, and with that object he was about to study at Stepney College; but being an only son, his widowed mother at the last moment withdrew her consent, and his pur poses for life were changed. He still, however, devoted time and labour in preparation for and in the work of lay preaching in the surrounding villages. His career as a teacher commenced in 2818, and in that profession he continued without intermission till 1815, when he left England tor South Australia. During his scholastic career he published in England a grammar, which was ex tensively used, and since his residence in this colony several elementary educational works have proceeded from his pen, and are largely circulated. Soon after arrival here, in conjunction with the lateBev. J. B. Titherington he opened a school at North Adelaide, and continued this till 1854. Mr Wickes was a member of the first Board of Educa tion, and soon after its formation became the Secretary, retaining that post for 14 years, when through failing herdth he was compelled to tender his resignation. Upon retirement, the members of the Board passed a warm resolution expressive of regret at the necessity for such a step, and bore tes timony to his zeal and ability. It will be remem bered that soon afterwards a purse of sovereigns and an address was presented at a meeting of teachers, over which the Bev. Canon Russell pre sided. The deceased was at first a member of the congregation gathered at North Adelaide by the Rev, 6. Stoneoouse, but latterly has attended the Church of England, and conducted services at Hindmarsh prior to the arrival of the Bev. F. Garrett, as well as at other places where required. He leaves a widow and a daughter (Mrs. David Randell, of Mount Crawford). Funeral of Mb. E. W. Wickes.—The remains of the late Mr. E. W. Wickes, who died on Sunday, Augnst 30, were interred in the North Adelaide Cemetery on Tuesday afternoon. The hearse, which left the deceased's late residence at 3 o'clock, was followed by two mourning coaches containing the relatives and most intimate friends of the deceased, and by about 20 other vehicles. On arriving at the grave the funeral service was read by the Ven. Archdeacon Marry at, after which the coffin was lowered into the ground. Amongst those present around the grave were the Bev. G. Stonehouse, Messrs. J. Brown (member of the Education Board), J. Bath (Secretary), Dr. Wyatt (Chief Inspector), E. Dewhirst (Second Inspector), "W. Boss (Clerk and Keeper of Book Depository), J. Cumming, P. Cumming, B. Tapley, J. Hosking, W. F. Boehm, W. A.' Hughes, W. S. Moore, W. C. Cox, E. STwigg, J. Hardman. Resignation of Me. T. A. G. Wilson.—Mr. T. A. G. Wilson has resigned his office as Receiver of Fines and Fees in the Local Court. We believe that he has something in view which be thinks will be more to Ms advantage, and we sincerely hope that it may prove so. Accident near Kapunda.—On Wednesday last a somewhat serious accident occurred (near Byelands, on the Glare-road) to two gentlemen one Mr. Nicholson, of this town, contractor, and the other Mr. Abbot, Government Clerk of Works. It appears that these gentlemen had been on a tour of inspection of some works near or at Min taro, and were returning to Kapunda. On reaching the abovementioned place the azletree of their gig broke, which caused its occupants to be thrown out on the hard metalled road, by which fall and the injuries sustained they both became insensible, and were found in this precarious condition by Mr. J. Coles, jim., auctioneer, who was retnrning to Kapunda from Mr. Stevens's sale. Mr. Coles at once got the sufferers into his buggy, and succeeded in bringing them into Kapunda, where they re ceived medical advice and the necessary treatment. Mr. Abbot was sufficiently recovered the next day to enable him to go home by rail to Adelaide, and Mr. Nicholson is recovering from the effects of the accident. i Btveb Trade.—Our Blanchetown correspon dent says on the 28th:—'"The Providence steamer arrived hereon the 23rdfrom the Murrumbidgee, with £0 tons of tallow from Messrs. Learmonth's station. The reports from the upper river speak of the water being very low, barely navigable to Wabgnnyah, A gentleman arrived here last night by mul, who was a. passenger to Echuca in the Lady Daly, reported as sailing from here on July 27, with £1,030 worth of machinery for the German settlers at Albury. She made a fine run up, but is detained at Echuca, waiting a rise in the river. This morning there has arrived here for the same destination four reaping-machines, five winnowing machines, and several dray-loads of machinery packed in cases. This looks as if our German fellow-colonists were still bent on migrating eastward." The Yobke's Peninsula Native Mission.— The Bev. Julius Kuhn, missionary to the abori gilies at the station at Point Pierce, was married on Thursday last to Miss Bond, who has for some time past been govemeBS in the family of Dr. Croft, on the Wallaroo mines. The ceremony was per formed by the Bev. Mr. Wilson, at Kadina, and Mis. Kuhn, we believe, intends to assist her hus band in his labours. There are now about 30 children at the station, most of whom are able to read mid write. A four-roomed cottage has been erected for Mr. Kuhn, and he, assisted by the adult aborigines, has erected a building to be used as a schoolroom. Contributions in the shape of drapery goods to be made up into clothing would be very acceptable.—Wallaroo Times. Kent Tows Wesley an Church.—Tlie anni versary services in connection with the above Church was held in that place of worship on Sun day, August 30. The Bev. W. L. Binks delivered a sermon in the morning, the text being from Hebrews, i. 25. In the afternoon an address was given by the Bev. J. Haslam, at which there was a numerous attendance of the Sunday-school children. The Bev. S. Knight preached in the evening, his text being taken from the Second Epistle of Peter, L, 5, 6, and 7. There was a good attendance at each of the services. On Monday evening, Angnst 31, a public tea meeting was held, at which a large number sat down. Afterwards a public meeting took place, the church being well filled. Mr. J. Oarr, M.P., was called to the chair. Mr. Acraman then read the financial report, which was verv satisfactory. Addresses were delivered by the Bevs. J. Haslam on "The Spirit of Enter prise in the Church, "by the Rev, JL Cheetham and by the Bev. S. Knight on "Bevivals," and by the Kev. G. W. Patched on " The True Signs of Prosperity." At the conclusion a collection was made in aid of the funds. , Bible Christian Chapel, Young-street.— The anniversary services of the above place of worship were held on Sunday and Monday, Au gust 30 and 31. The Sunday sermons were preached by the Bevs. W. Richards and W. L. Binks to large congregations. A tea meeting was held on the following day, which was well attended, and at the public meeting subsequently held the chapel was filled. Mr. 8. J. Way, the usual Chairman on these occasions, was again called on to pre side, and in his opening remarks he congra tulated the friends on having had a suc cessful year, expressing his belief that they had never met under more favourable circumstances. He observed that they had made substantial pro gress since their last anniversary; their pews were well filled, they had enjoyed peace as a Church and congregation, and he had been delighted and astonished at their liberality, and he trusted that now they were nearer than ever to the goal which they were seeking—the extinction of the debt of £700 which still remained on their chnrch—they would respond to the appeal that would be made 1 to them, and make that anniversary meeting one of the most successful they had bad by wiping off' a considerable portion of_ the debt. A financial statement was then submitted by the Treasurer, Mr. Blatchford, from which we learn that after defraying current expenses for the year— irrespective of the debt on the chapel—a balance remained to tbeir credit of £20 12s. Id. Inte resting and practical addresses were afterwards given by the Revs. J. Stoyel, Richards, and Rivg, each of the speakers being listened to with the greatest attention- A collection was made during the evening; which, with the proceeds of the tea and Sunday services, amounted to about £G0. At the close of the meeting, votes of thanks were accorded to the rev. gentlemen who had preached the previous day, as well as those who had attended that evening, also to the ladies and the chair, and the proceedings were then closed with the benediction. Presentation to Mr. G. W. Cole.—On Tuesday evening, September 1, a tea and public meeting took place in the Temperance Hall, when Me. G. W. Cole, Secretary to the Alexandra Tent (female Rechabites), was presented with a watch and chain in acknowledgment of liis services: also with a purse of money from the membets of the Albert District oM'echabites, - s a mark of their appreciation of. his services in the cause of Recha bitism and Temperance. . Hew Investment Societ?.—A meeting of gen tlemen interested in the formation of a new Society\ of the above .nature; to be called the "Standard; Property Investment -Society," was held on. Tgsisday evening; September 1. at the Criterion Hotel, when the rules were read, and the principles of the intended Society, which are'quite novel, and differing widely from any yet intro duced here, were highly approved. As, however, about two hours had been occupied, and it was rtoo late to pa«a the rules teriatim, it was 1 to hold an adjourned meeting. Representation of Mount Bakes.—It will be seen from our telegrams that Messrs. Cheriton, Dunn, and Rogers were again nominated on Monday, at Strathalbyn, for this district. Election Meeting at Wellington.—Pursuant to advertisement a meeting of electors was held at the Wellington Inn on Thursday evening, August 27\. Mr. E. C. Hughes, S.M., having been called to the chair, read letters from Messrs. Rogers and Cheriton, regretting their inability to attend. Mr. J. Dunn then- enunciated his political opinions, which coincided with those reported at previous meetings. After a few questions had been put and answered, Mr. H. Harslett proposed, and Mr. Bundle seconded. Mi. John Dunn. To this an amendment was proposed by Mr. McDonald, and seconded by Mr. Tregilgas—"That Mr. Dunn was not a fit and proper person." The motion was carried. Mr. Dunn, after expressing his gratifica tion at the courteous manner in which he had - been received by the electors at Wellington, moved a vote of thanks to the Chairman, which was carried by acclamation. This terminated the proceedings. Sooth-Eastern Institutes.—We are glad to notice that literary Institutes are taking a firm footing in the South-East, especially at Narra coorte, Penola, and Gambierton; and the sub scribers to these useful aids in educating the masses will before long have in each of the towns named commodious and handsome buildings—a decided advance upon the present structures. The Mount Gambier Committee have recently received .£300 from Government, as a grant m aid of building, in accordance with motions' carried in Parliament last session; and they speak of being able to claim a similar amount before long. The Almanda.—Within the last day or two some of the silver obtained from the Almanda crusbings has been brought to town; but very little information appears to accompany it as to the quantity of stuff from which it has been obtained. Mineral Claims. — We were informed on Monday that several silver claims had been taken out on Yorke's Peninsula. On enquiry at the Land Office we ascertained that the following mineral claimB had been applied for during the day:—In the Hundred of Wallaroo, three miles north-east of Moonta, Sections 2797, 2798, 2799, and 2971. The Education Question.—Mr. R. G. Symonds has handed us the following suggestions on the subject of public education, which he had intended submitting to the late meeting of the Philosophical Society had he been able to attend:—"That teachers for night schools be specially appointed by the Board of Education, and that these teachers be paid by the Government, according to results which could he ascertained in a manner to be pre scribed by the Board. Perhaps the scholars them selves might beneficially be associated in a cer tificate for that purpose. For instance, each teacher—1st. To be limited to 20 scholars, whose average attendance should be not less than four nights per week. 2nd. To keep a book or books especially for Government inspection, showing each scholar's attendance and progress in detaiL Books and blank forms to be supplied by the Government. 3rd. To furnish quatterly returns of attendance and progress, along with the required certificates of results. 4th. To be then entitled to receive from the Government the sum of, say, 8d. per week per scholar, making a maximum for 20 scholars of £8 13s. 4d. per quarter to each teacher." Mr. Symonds expresses his hope that good may result from the Society's discussions—that South Aus tralians may soon have a Normal School for training teachers; and that an extended limit, as well as remuneration, may follow beneficially for all classes. Attempted Suicide at Gawler.—An attempt a suicide, which may yet prove fatal, occuired «n the forenoon of August 28. An unfortunate ; woman, who was only recently discharged from the Lunatic Asylum, returned home to Gawler on Thursday night. She wasjnot thought safe to be left alone, and a woman was engaged to watch her. The unfortunate patient, however, contrived to elude the vigilance of her keeper, and secreting a strap about her person, went into an outhouse, and having buckled it tight round her neck, contrived by some extraordinary means to pass the end round a beam, and hang herself. She was dis covered within five minutes afterwards, but was, to all appearance, dead. She, however, partially revived, though she did not recover consciousness. Strong convulsions supervened, and up to 9 o'c'ock on Friday night there was no return of conscious ness. She was then considered in a very precaiious state.—Bunyip. Missing Blacks.—With reference to a para graph in the Border Watch a letter dated Moont Burr, August 24, signed " William Satanus," says: "A paragraph under the above heading was published, in which it was stated—quoting Mrs Smith as an authority—that two aboriginal natives had most mysteriously disappeared, and giving a supposition that the poor black fellow had taken a fit and knocked his lubra on the head, and after wards done away with himself. This is altogether fallacious. You state upon the same authority that be was last seen at the Mount Burr HoteL He has, however, not been seen anywhere in this neighbourhood, but has for the last three or four months been kangarooing near Mount Mclntyre, ' and the last I heard (and Mrs. Smith will please note) of Big Jacky and his lubra Kitty, was last week, when I purchased two oppossum rugs from them." Tramways v. Railways fob the South-East. —The Border Watch advocates a system of light tramways for the South-East, in preference to rail ways. as discussed at the Local Boad Board, and contends that a line from Port MacDonnell to Kingston with a branch to Guichen Bay could be constructed for the sum authorized last session to be spent in construction of the railway from Gambierton to Narracoorte. That paper says:— "A large portion of the last sitting of the Mount Gambier Board of Main Roads was taken up by the consideration of the railway projects of the Government so far as they affected the South East; and the question whether it would be more j desirable to urge on the proposed railway, or in preference a tramway, more immediately engaged attention. The matter had been brought under tbe attention of the Board by one of its members, Mr. W", A, Crouch, who, in a letter dated July 28, urged the propriety of having an estimate prepared by the Board'6 Engineer of the cost of a tramway laid down alongside the main road from MacDonnell Bay to Lacepede Bay, with branch to Robe. This estimate was before tbe Board on Thursday, and without going into details we may state that the Engineers estimate for the tramway, including rolling stock, is £1,500 per mile. He says—'Making every allowance for unforseen expenses, I think the cost may safely be calculated not to exceed in round numbers say £1,500 per mile.' At this rate the sum authorized for the Mount Gambier and Narracoorte Railway would be sufficient to connect MacDonnell Bay, Robe, and Port Caroline with Penola and Harracoorte—in fact would make all the highways we are likely to need for many years to come. The Beard gave an unqualified prefer ence to tbe tramway over tbe railway scheme, and the public will no doubt agree with the finding of the Board. The tramway scheme has three great advantages. It would thorougly lay the interior open to the seaboard; it would do so at a cheao rate, and with every probability of being reproductive, and ultimately saving the colony from a large drain for roadmaking and mainte nance. It is very easy for any one not absolutely blind to see that there is no hope of tbe district being opened up by railways for many years to coma They are far too expensive for our present stage of development, and if either of the proposed lines were undertaken it is certain the Legislature would he so sick of the extravagance that the other would lie tabooed. We should thus have in the South-Kast a useless luxury at one end of the dis trict, while the other would have to pay tor it, and get along as best it could. Better, then, bave a cheaper article, and confer a measure of justice on all." Rent ofVictobianEuns.—We (Border Waich learn on undoubted authority that the rents of the Victorian runs set down in the plans of the i Lacepede Bay and Border Railway are totally in correct. being in nearly every instance set down at ab-iut double the actual rent. For instance (we quote those that adjoin the Bordei)—Un named, actual rent, £25—rent quoted, £160; North Talegarra, actual rent, £60—rent quoted, £136; South Talegarra, actual rent, £640—rent quoted, £800, &c.; Pboposed New Tasmanian Duties.—In the Bouse of Assembly on the 19th ultimo, Mr. Chapman, the Colonial Treasurer, brought forward his Budget. The deficiency in the revenue he proposed to make up from various sources, which are thus detailed in the Launceston Examiner of the 22nd" On Wednesday evening Mr. Chapman indicated three sources from which he expected to make up his deficiency—namely, increased stamp and Customs duties, and a penny postage on news papers. He proposes a stamp of Is- per cent, on all foreign bills of exchange, now exempt; and 10s. per cent, on transfers or mortgages of landed pro perty, ships, and stocks. In the Customs he pro poses to double the measurement duty, making it 4s. per foot on manufactures of silk, cotton, linen, and woollen drapery of every description, hats, haberdashery, hosiery, millinery, furs, caps, confectionary, bottled fruits, preserves, oil men's stores (except pickles and sauces), and all other goods not otherwise enume rated. On blankets, carpets, woollen and cotton rugs, oilcloth, and wax vestas, the duty will continue at 2s. per foot; boots and 6hae.s will pay 5s. instead of 2s.; brusnware 4s. instead of 2s. 6d.; toys and room paper, fancy biscuits, corn flour in packets, maizeua, patent groats, basket ware, and pickled fish will pay Is. per foot, aDd playing cards In. per park; plate glas- 6s.. and crown and sbeet glass 3s. for every IQu superficial feet, instead of 2s.; blacking, 10s. per cask or case, uistead of as.; tubs and buckets. 3s. per dozen instead of 2s.; methyl lated and otherspiritsnnfit for human consumption, taken as proof, will pay 6s. per gallon; gunpowder for sporting purposes 4d., and blasting Id. per lb. (the latter is now exempt); gold and silver plate, jewellery, and watches. Is. per oz ; hardware, hollow ware, ironmongery of all kinds, hair and other brooms, per cwt gross, 5s. instead of 2s. 6d.; cutlery and platedware, 2d. per lb. Mr. Chapman expects to get £3,000 from increased stamp duties; from Customs £12,030, and from postage on news papers £2,00J -in all an increase of £17,000." Great dissatisfaction has been expressed by the merchants at the proposed new tariff. They have refused to pay the increased duties on goods received by one of the steamers from Melbourne, and the goods were consequently bonded. The Native Outbbeak in New Zealand.— The Melbourne HercM publishes the following news received by way of Sydney:—"Napier, August 14, 3.30 p.m. The colonial forces, num bering 130 men, under Colonel, Wliitmore, marched on the 6th instant to endeavour to overtake the rebels. On the 8th he came up with them, and found them in strong force at the foot of the Snowy Ranges, on the banks of the Ruakituro River. The men were weary and hungry, but nevertheless with great courage they desired to proceed. At 3 p.m. the enemy was engaged, and in two hours the colonial forces carried the first position; after which, having nin; men killed and wounded, they withdrew. The enemy re treated, and next morning were faraway. For want of food, having only taken three,days' rations, our forces were compelled to abstain from following them. Two well- known settlers of Napier. Captain Carr and Mr. Davis Canning, fell on our side. The enemy lost considerably. Several were seen to fall on the first attack. The Napier natives behaved admirably, and had they been assisted by the Tauranga volunteers, the enemy would have suffered much more severely. As it was, they were enabled to pursue their journey to attend Runanga at Terawera Gorge. Major Frazer is stationed half-way between Napier and Tauranga. Despatches from Colonel Whitmore state that the battle was fought at a place nine miles from the " Arewera boundary. There were five killed and five wounded, and one of them has since died. The wounded reached Wairoa. Colonel Whi'more has gone to Poverty Bay to bring round the Waipara. The militia have been called out." Fiji.—A Sydney telegram in the Melbourne Age o the 25th August says:—"The mission ship John Wesley has arrived from Levuka, in Fiji. Messrs. Evans and Brewer, who had gone from Melbourne as agents of the promoters of the pro posed Fiji Banking Company, are passengers. They report that their mission has betn entirely successful. On the day after the date of the despatch of Mr. Thurston, the British Consul, addressed to the Earl of Belmore, namely, on the 23rd of July, a second agreement was signed with the king (Thakombau). which Messrs. Brewer and Evans assert has been approved by all parties interested. Gold is said to have been discovered at Nitilevu. The above gentlemen will return to Melbourne by Wednesday's steamer." The Colac O' server publishes the following extract from a private letter from Fiji, received by a resident in that township:—"Thakombau has paid the usual penalty of despising an enemy. Over 100 of the Bauom army were killed and eaten. A few weeks ago 36 native Chrisrians were killed and eaten by the heathen of the interior of Na- Vitileon." The late Tidal Wave.—From a Sydney tele gram we leam that "an extraordinary tidal wave took place at New Zealand on Saturday, 15th August. The wave rose and fell several feet all over the colony in a most extraordinary manner. Some damage was dOLe to the shipping at Port Chalmers and Lyttelton. A sharp shock of an earthquake was felt on the 17th at Wellington, Christchurch, Napier, Hokitika, Port Chalmers, and Nelson, but no damage was done by the earthquake. The tidal wave is reported to have been felt in the Pacific Ocean. The Rose of Aus stralia, from Newcastle (N.S. Wales), arrived at San Francisco June 27th, and reported that between Curtis and Macaulay Islands and Kir madea group she experienced a severe shock of an earthquake. The steamer Nevada, from Panama to San Francisco, saw three large waterspouts off the coast of Guatemala." Railway Extension in Victobia.—A corre spondent writes tothe Herald on railway extension as follows:—"I beg leave to protest against con structing a railway to the Ovens and Murray in preference to a line connecting Hamilton with Mel bourne. As the people and revenue of Victoria are liable for the amount raised by loan or other wise for the construction of such lines, and are also liable for the deficiency in the earnings thereof, it would seem to be much more reasonable that facilities of transit should be afforded to our population than to 'tap' Riverina at a second point. The Riverine residents near to Echuca get their goods conveyed to Melbourne at naif the cost incurred by Victorians for the conveyance of their goods for a similar distance to Geelong or Ballarat. Those parties who pay the higher rates of carriage have the privilege of paying their share towards the deficiency of the earnings of the line to Echuca. The Kiverme and the' Melbourne merchants insist on inadequate rates of freight for their own advantage; the one to save expenditure, and other to divert trade from South Australia. The South Australians are now bestirring them selves in opening railway communication with the western parts of Victoria, and are likely to draw a large portion of our trade across the Border. Perhaps it would be quite as well if each Government would strive to accommodate the people within its own borders, instead of snatching at their neighbours'1 trade. The line to Echuca iB available for the Upper Murray trade for perhaps half the year. The Western District has no such advantage, and should have a stronger claim on our patriotic statesmen. It should not be their policy to hamper local production and afford a bounty on importation. The proposed line to Gippslaud is not worthy of much consideration. A railway in such a thinly- peopled country cannot compete with water carriage, especially when all traffic would be cut off from one side by its being on the seaboard." Matrimonial Office in Melbourne —" The march of c vilization," says the Portland Western Times, " is certainly making rapid strides in Victoria. We have our star preachers, lecturers, actors, singers, &c.;, our belles and our beaux, our nobs and snobs; in fact, says the Evening Star, we have almost everything, and every class of persons usually found in a cultivated state; but it remained for a Mr. Bradie. a former denizen of the Continent and New York, U.S., to establish a Bureaux de Marriage for the purpose, to quote the advertisement from which we write, 'of bringing together responsible persons suitable as partners for life, on the principle so successful in London, Paris, Vienna, and New York, and many cities in America and the Continent.' An Indian Styptic.—The Argus has the fol lowing with reference to the styptic mentioned in 1 our Melbourne telegram of the 22nd, and which i appears to be possessed of extraordinary powers:— "The peculiar properties of a styptic, alleged to have been brought from Delhi by Mr. John Bryan (known in Victoria as a theatrical agent, who some time since left Melbourne as the manager of an 'euteitaiument' which was successfully introduced to India), were exhibited to a select circle on Saturday afternoon last, in a room adjoining the Duke of Edinburgh Theatre. The experiments were performed upon three fowls, the operator being Mr. Tipper, the proprietor of the hotel con nected with the aforementioned theatre. The plan adopted was to bare the neck of the fowl operated upon, open the skin with a lancet, cut across what was supposed to be the jugular vein, and directly the blood spouted to pour the fluid styptic upon the wound. The fluid is named "Low Bhund k Thale," a Hindoo colloquialism expressive of its effects. These last were marvellous to the unpro fessional observers. The flow of blood ceased upon the instant, and then the skin was sewn up, and the fowl let loose. The first fowl to whom this treatment was applied appeared to recover imme diately, the effusion of blood having been slight, and in a few seconds afterwards it commenced to pick up grain as though nothing had happened. In the case of the two others the fowls bled pro fusslv, and though the syptic operated imme diately it was applied, the birds lay after wards apparently without life or motion. The room was then locked and the key given to a gentleman of the Press, who visited the place some hours afterwards. On his re turn he found one of the insensible birds quietly at roost on a chair in a corner of the room, and the other standing on the floor apparently recovered. We are bound to add that though the experiments seemed unnecessarily cruel—more so than they would have been if a surgeon had operated - the fowls appeared to sutler little pain, aud scarcely made any noise. There was not indeed a medical man in the room, so that the qualities of the specific were exhibited to none who were able to speak of tbem with any authority. It was a remarkable circumstance that the blood which fell from the necks of the birds and was touched by the fluid immediately coagulated iuto large H ikes, like diminutive pieces of liver. Mr. Bryan stated that the materials of his compound were simply derived from si lad oil and a plant gathered in the gardens of the University." The Professor. — Professor (?) Norries, alias Muggeridge, who we ( Wallaroo TimesJ alluded to in our issue of the 19th instant as sojourning at Kadina with an intention of swindling the public by pretending to lecture, the hotelkeeper out of board aod lodging, and the printer, if possible, out of some posters, skedaddled on the day we have mentioned, leaving a note for mine host of which the following is a copy: — " Gone to Moonta. Return on Thursday. Dear Sir—Tendiug that the paragraph in the Wallaroo Times will greatly affect my lecture to-night, I have fully made up my mind to postpone it until Thursday next, when I shall return without fail. Yours, &c.;, H. T. JVOBEXES. P.S.—I should have settled your account but you are out.'" This letter was written immediately atter the Professor had dined, and nothing has since been seen of him at the hotel he honoured with his presence. During the morning he bad devoted his energies to the sale of tickets for his lecture, but with what success we have not heard. Apparently lie was anxious to increase the sum- oial of his knowledge on the subject he was inteuding to en lighten the people about, being diligent in his enquiries at Bilk's library for a certain "Hand be ok to Astronomy," and expressing great dis appointment at being unable to procure it. When he departed he left at the hotel two or three yards of botched calico, coarsely painted over with illustrations of the heavenly bodies. Of luggage he had none. From Kadina he walked across to Port Wakefield, but there hi3 fame had preceded him. According to his wont, be established himself at an hotel, and whilst he was surveying the beauties of Mr. Bright"6 mudbanks, the landlord com municated with the police-trooper. The latter gentleman forthwith sought out the Professor and requested him to walk back to the hotel, and have a little private and confidential communication with the landlord. Whilst the landlord and the trooper were having a moment's conversation the Professor skedaddled, leaving his umbrella for security. A search was instituted for him instantly, but so well did he hide in the scrub that is clo6e to the township, that he managed to elude observation, and has not since, to our knowledge, been seen or heard of. We believe it was intended to subject him to an experiment with the hydropathic system if he had been found, which, we should imagine, would have been found to be peculiarly suitable and well adapted to the treatment of his complaint. The Rev. J. Jefferis.—The following extract from a letter received from Mr. Jefferia by the last mail will be read with interest. Under date July 10, 1868. the rev. gentleman Bays:—"I have jUBt returned from Italy. I often thought of you when exploring the palaces and galleries in Fiorenqe and Venice, especially in going down the Grand Canal in a soft cushioned gondola, and at the long suc cession of palaces. I walked over the Gemmi and the Simplon, and steamed through Lago Maggiore and Como, and railed through the magnificent Brenner Pass in the Tyrol The glorious moun tains! I left them with regret,' never weary of gazing at their heaven-kissed summits. On the whole my tour, though a solitary one, has left memories for life. Impressions at 35 are not so deep as atS5, yet do I retain much that will shed a light on my life in coming years. My health is uncommonly good. Voyage and comparative silence are healthful for a speaking-machine. All my friends are urging me to remain \- in .England. If I could make up my mind to it there is little doubt of seeming a good if not a foremost position. But I cannot. I left Adelaide desiring and intending to return. Both inclination and duty keep me still true to my beloved Church; and for years'to come I hope the Saviour will permit me; to serve Him where he clearly put me at the first. Besides, I like colonial life better than English life, and, so far as I am able to judge, I like the Church in the colonies better than the Church at home. Strange it is that I suffered only from the heat since I came into England, and in no sense from the cold. The year has been a very exceptional one—and it need be. Hyde Park is like our Park Lands in summer, except that the stalks of grass are there. The drought is terrible; water fails everywhere. Yonder comes my boy with his 3'oke and two buckets, and he has gone nearly a mile—a-good half at allevents —to get it, and it is so all over the country. There has been a light hay harvest. The root crops are a failure. Almost every kind of vegetable produc tion has yielded but little. The corn crop must suffer. A very dear winter is before the poor; God help them." We understand Mr. Jefferis has preached several times to the congregation of the Bev. S. Martin, but with these exceptions is making his trip a holiday. We are sorry to learn that Mrs Jefferis has not been enjoying very good health since her arrival in England. Autobiographical Lecture by the Rev. J. Daniels.—Our Clarendon correspondent writes "On Monday last an interesting lecture was given by the Rev. J. Daniels in the Baptist Chapel. It was of a very novel description, being reminiscences of his own life, extending over 60 years. The building was crowded to suffocation, and, judging from the applause manifested, his audience were highly delighted. The lecture commenced at the first period of his recollection, when about six years of age, and travelled through his whole life down to the moment he stood before then. He touched on most of the important events which had transpired during that long period. The lecturer was relieved by the choir singing one or two anthems in excellent style. Mr. Daniels has been in the colony now 18 years, 10 of which have been devoted to the pastorate of the present Baptist congregation." Total Abstinence.—A temperance meeting was held in the Primitive Methodist Chapel, Strath- albyn, on Friday evening, August 28, for the pur pose of commencing a Total Abstinence Society in connection with the Primitive Methodist Church. The meeting, though rather limited in atten dance, was a great success. Mr. Atwell, of Crafers, who presided, said he regarded that meeting as very important, and was glad to learn that Churches were beginning to rouse themselves on the tem- perance question. It was essential that every Church should establish a branch of the Total Abstinence society, and he hoped the friends at Strathalbyn would succeed in their efforts. The meeting was ably addressed by Messrs. E. Hocking, R. Martin, and the Revs. J. Phillips and W. Jenkin, after which the following Committee was formed:—Revs. W. Jenkin and James Phillips, Messrs. Stephen Tonkin, Ralph Neate, John Bills, jun., and Richard Martin Strathalbyn; Isaac, Cross and S. P. Wilson, Woodchester; Josiah Oolding and Henry Waters Raleigh; George Kidd, Milang; Samuel Stanton, Langhorne's Creek; E. Hocking, New Hamburg; J. Oakes, Giles's Flat. It was decided to name it the Primitive Methodist Total Abstinence Society. The Committee intend to hold meetings periodically in each place through out the Strathalbyn Circuit, and to establish Bands of Hope where practicable. Darling Station and River News.—Our Meniudie correspondent, writing on August 18, says:—"The Langawirra Station has commenced shearing, and Topar Station will begin on the £0th. The shearing on most stations will be on the 1st September. A good many stations are getting short of supplies, but there are a good many teams on the way up from Wentworth. A load of scoured wool has started from the fellmongering establishment of Fracy & Rollings to Wentworth, per steamer for Adelaide. There has been no authentic information received as to a rise in the head of the Darling. There are numbers of men seeking employment in the district. It is hoped the shearing will absorb the surplus hands." On August 25 he adds" Several teams have arrived here—a few from Wentworth, and Mr. 61. Mahony, of Menindie, carrier, from over the Barrier. Be speaks highly of the road to Kooringa, and states that should the river rise to-morrow he can com pete with the steamers in bringing supplies over land. We trust he will be able to do so. Last Sunday night it rained to excess; it has been con sidered the heaviest of the season. No doubt now is felt of a plentiful supply of grass for next season." Tee Overland Mail to Melbourne.—From Victorian papers we notice that the Postmaster General of the sister colony is calling for tenders for several mail routes in the Western District. The tenders are to be received up to October 14 for the service from the 1st of January to the close of 1869; and in the list we notice the follow ing, and trust the result may be to expedite the overland mail to Melbourne. This is the only one in the batch at all directly affecting our colony: — "io and from Hamilton and Goleraine, by way of Wannon, six days a week; to and from Goleraine and Penola, by way of Carapook and Casterton, three days a week; and to and from Goleraine and Merino, three days a week. The mails to be dispatched from Hamilton at 6 p.m., to reach Penola at 5 a.m. Public Opinion in the Sout^-East.—Out correspondent at Mount Gambier enters somewhat fully into the questions at present affecting the South-East, and having published extracts from the local Press, we now add his way of putting the matter. He says:—"Mr. W. A. Crouch, J.P., advocates cheap tiamways at oue side of our main roads, and the plan is much commended. In the opinion of most thinking men it is very absurd that every ton of goods passing over our macada mized roads should be rolling on metal which grinds to powder, and is at last blown away by the summer winds. It is difficult to conceive a more wholesale system of destruction, and what excuse can be found for it in any of the laws which regu late political economy it is as difficult to say. The railway is not in favour with the farmers, because as long as they can earn money by carting goods northward they will condemn any innovation. The squatters are somewhat apathetic on the question or improved means of transit, as they know well, at least those of them whose runs are not pur chased, that either rail or tram will, t»o rapidly for them, bring the agriculturists to thc-ir very doors. But there is another, and I believe the largest, class, who wisely opine that every thousand pounds spent on a light railway or tramway will so facilitate intercourse—the great institution of the age—that the vast resources of this sp'endid country will develop themselves to a prodigious extent; ay, to such an extent that the people will in this generation say, 'How could we' have doubted?' These same thinking men say it is not necessary, in order that this state of things may soon be brought about, that a railway or tramway should pay at first. Such is a short sketch of public opinion here on the railway question. There is yet another matter I wish to explain. The people here, as far as I can understand, uever expressed any of the opinions in the matters treated of in the flights of Dr. Graham's genius. The people of this district know well the present position of the colony after a harvest like the last. They feel deeply the colony's impecuniosity, and most men here would assist any Government in wise plans of retrenchment. They know well what is the responsibility of the men at the helm, and would forbear harassing the Government too much till the storm is blown over. Here, as elsewhere, there are two classes of men—those who"" think that a Government can do anything and everything at a moment's notice; another class, who are practical and jealous for the colony's credit, who would by sound reasoning, based on the highest principles of political economy, point out to our Government that as we possess certain and somewhat extra ordinary capacities, we wish them taken early advantage of by South Australia, and not by Victoria. We want to see a working population in the South-East at work on its lands wherever they are of quality available for agriculture. We want to make the Government fuliy alive to that tremendous power for producing wealth, the sure and silent process of accretion by labour. Out of 12 intelligent men of whom I enquired, 10 said that sooner than that more of the agricultural land should he sold under the present 6ysteni they would 10 times rather suffer direct taxation to supply the amount of loss to the revenue which a sudden cessation of the land sales would produce." Equity Court.—The Primary Judge sat in Equity on Tuesday, September 1. An order was made by consent in the suit of Walsh and Others v. Fotheringham for the payment of a sum of j money out of Court. An argument took place in the suit of Holmes and Another v. Cornish and Wife, judgment being reserved; and a decree for account was made in Bishop v. Elder and Others. The Court adjourned till Monday next. An Insolvent's Assets on Paper.—The Mel bourne correspondent of the Baliarat Star says:— "The following case fully deserves a place among the curiosities of the Insolvent Court. A person carrying on the business of stock and share broker in Melbourne, and well known in Baliarat, some short time ago became insolvent. The liabilities amounted to the respectable sum of £18,000; the assets were placed at £15,000. The assignee in the estate, after paying the necessary expenses, &a;, in the case, finds he has the sum of £1 5s. 7d. to divide among the creditors." Humoured Diamond Finding.—A rumour has reached me (says our Finniss Vale correspondent) that a very valuable diamond has been found at the Square Waterhole, Port Elliot, and that a great number of persons are engaged in making further researches. I cannot vouch for the exact nature of the discovery, as it has not come through a direct channel; yet it seems to he fully believed in several quarters. The report goes that the finder has already been offered £500 for it; but if the account of its supposed size is not exaggerated, it must be worth a sum very far exceeding that amount. The Jupiter Creek Diggings.—We have en deavoured, and that successfully, to keep our readers well posted up as to the progress of these South Australian " diggings," and are glad to be able to present additional information of a favour able character. Our local correspondents bfing here, as elsewhere, numerous and reliable, we shall continue to furnish full and authentic items through these and other channels of information. Writing on the {2nd our Meadows correspondent says" I have just returned from another visit to the diggings, and have still to report favourably of them. The party I reported in my last as getting on well (White's) are still doing so. They ob tained 3 ozs. 9£ dwts. amongst four of them (£3 2s. Sd. each for about two and a half days' work), and they assured me that tbey confidently expected the reBt of their claim (Zion Claim) would turn out at least as well, as a proof of which two of the party are about to put' up substantial huts and bring their families here. They showed me some good rough gold, and further permitted me to wash two dishes of their washing-stuff, from which I obtained, I should judge, about one and a half grains. They have a lot more wash-dirt ready for the cradle, and expect to be at it in earnest next week, when I shall endeavour to pay them another visit. The opinion of one of the party—an old Ballarat hand—is that there is a good payable gold-field. Some are doing very well, many are making good wages, and some are only getting what they call' tucker gold'— that is paying their living expenses—and others again are not even getting the 'colour.' Some are pleased, some sanguine, and some disgusted; but this, of course, is always the case on the diggings, as many go there who never knew what! it was to do a dxy'6 work, and because they do not j break their necks over a nugget they bring back an evil report. There are now about from 1E0 to 2f'0 there. Two stores are opened and a butcher's shop, and I understand the storekeepers at Meadows intend taking goods over. I counted 43 tents and huts, which extend I should say about three miles right from the rush that took place about two j years ago just below the old Echunga diggings, and extend to the old diggings near Jupiter Crreek. I was informed by one person, who said he had him self seen it, that one nugget was picked up the other day weighing over an ounce. It is very wet just now, and the diggers are thus prevented from working in the fiats, which some think will turn out the best. 1 find I was in error about the licences, which must be obtained from Adelaide frem the Surveyor-General, Mr. Goyder, who, I understand, is coming up to morrow, when, of course, there will be an oihcial report." Our Clarendon correspondent adds, writing on the same date, that "on Tuesday, the 1st inst., a large number of men, with picks, shovels, tubs, dishes, and tents, passed through here in four spring-carts on their way to the Jupiter Creek Diggings, and it was quite apparent from the quantity of stores, &c.;, they took that it iB their intention to give it a fair trial. Several of our men have been to look, and have pronounced them payable, at least to the extent of good wages. Several intend trying as soon as the ground be comes a little dryer." On September 2 our Aldinga correspondentalsosays:—"A great many men have left here the last fortnight for the Jupiter Creek and other diggings, and as it is a slack time just now with most of the farmers, no doubt more will follow for a short time—say, till hay harvest-" The Paris Exhibition.—Mr. Deering, Secre tary to the South Australian Committee, has received the subjoined note from Mr. G. M. Waterhouse, which he requests us to make public, as the Committee has ceased to exist:— "Buckhurst, WokiDgham, Berkshire, July 7, 1868. " My .Dear Sir -1 am in receipt of yours cf 20tn April, formally conveying the thanks of the Ade laide Paris Exhibition Committee to Mr. Foreter and myself for our services in connection with the Paris Exhibition, and for our report thereon. "Mr. Forster will doubtless acknowledge your communication on his own account. For myself, I may simply remark that after the comments passed upon the Commissioners at - the Com mittee meetings, and duly reported in the local papers, I was quite unprepared to receive any vote of thanks for the services which, at so much trouble and expense, I had rendered the Adelaide Committee. I shall then be obliged by your mentioning to them in ray name all those acknowledgments which their present act of con sideration is calculated to call forth. "I have within the last few minutes received an official intimation that the medals and diplomas 'have just been received from Paris.' I am writing to the English Executive Commissioners, requesting that those awarded to South Australian exhibitors may be at once sent to Captain Lawrence, to be by him forwarded to you. I trust, therefore, that no great additional space of time may elapse before they are in your hands. "Directly these are sent offi I shall be in a posi tion to close the financial accounts connected with the Exhibition, which but for this circumstance would have been forwarded to you by this maiL "1 remain, my dear Sir, yours truly, "G. M. Waterhouse. "S3. Deering, Esq., Secretary Paris Exhibition Committee." Lauds Titles Office.—The following is a com parative statement of transactions in the Lands Titles Office during the months of August, 1867 and 1868:— Applications Transfers Mortgages Leases Transfers of mortgages Discharges Caveats... Powers of attorney ... Encumbrances Transfers of leases Surrenders of leases ... Transmissions Declarations of trust ... Licences Certificate of death ... Certificates of marriage Withdrawals of caveats Lis pendens 1867. 1868. 74 69 155 161 136 148 25 26 83 6 68 83 3 4 2 1 1 2 2 2 11 7 5 5 1 4 2 2 1 ? 2 ? 3 2 — 1 579 523 Totals Fees of office £549 16s. 2d. £53514s. 6d. Value of land brought under Act £22,756 £33,640 The Government Position as Fabaters' Landlord.—One of our Onkaparinga local corre spondents says" Two of our farmers are about petitioning Parliament for a remission of rent, they being Government tenants (leaseholders of aboriginal reserves). It is causing much talk in the neighbourhood, and no little speculation as to what the Government will say. I have heard that one Minister replied to a letter written to him on the subject that he had no power to remit or reduce the rent; but in a personal interview with one of the tenants he is reported to have said in no very gentle lauguage. 'Sell your horses and pay, or you will be made.' However, when the matter is brought publicly forward no doubt some of our M.P.'s, who, wheu before their constituents professed to be the farmers' friend, will remind the Hon. Treasurer of what he said in the House on the 17th December last, when the Hon. H. B. T. Strangways moved for seed wheat for the farmers. He is reported to have then said that the farmers ought to ask their landlords to remit their rent, and that they had no right to ask the Government for seed wheat." The Lunatic Henby Hans, late of t.awf Alexandbina.—Our Menindie letter reports the committal of a poor fellow who had formerly worked on the Lake runs, and had crossed the Barrier Banges. When found on a run he had been subsisting for some weeks on yams. Our correspondent says:—"Henry Hans, a German, has been brought before Mr. J. Mair, P.M., charged with being a lunatic uot fit to be at large. Mr. D. Munro, superintendent of the Muturngie Station, proved to finding Hans in a destitute condition in the bush, 18 miles from his camp. When fouud Hans slated he had been there six weeks, and lived on yams; that he had come over the Barrier, and was bound north; that he left his (the Oamti) place a few days ago, and was picked up by O' Brien, the hawker, in the bush, and con veyed to Menindie, and given in charge to the police. F. Healy, M.D., and resident surgeon of the Menindie Hospital, proved that Hans was an imbecile and a lunatic, and that if let go at large would cause his own death in an indirect way, as he would stray in the bush and starve; in fact, that his health was in a precarious state for want of nourishment, he not having tasted food for days, as proved by Mr. Munro. He was then committed to Den'diquin for a month in default of finding securities for his safe keeping. JBans had j been living on Lake Alexaudrina, under Mr. Mason. He had a sum of money in his possession, namely, a receipt on one of the Adelaide Banks of £5, and several orders. Black versus Bed Bust.—Our Port Gawler 1 correspondent says on this subject, recently written ] upon in these columns by Mr. Laurie and others: ! —"With regard to diseased wheat plants from j Alma Plains, I am inclined to think they are ' affected with black—not red—rust. The former we ! have more or less every year, and there is a little in : my own crop at present. Its features are a number ' of small wiry sickly-looking stems from a single j root; afterwards black stripes begin to appear on j the flag, and then the plant gradually withers ; away. It generally appears first about the begin- I ning of August, attacking here and there a plant, ( in some years more and in others less. And if ; that- is what the wheat plants from Alma Plains I are affected with—and I am incline 1 to think so— | there is no cause for alarm on that account this season." j English Knowledge of Australia.—A short ; time ago the Bev. J. Hannay, of Angaston, It ft here on a visit to Europe, and in au English paper , we notice he is reported as taking part in a 1 denominational association meeting. The report styles him " The Bev. J. Hannay, of Adelaide, Hew South Wales," Cost of the Eiverina Wool Clip.—"At the rate oi 18b. per^lOO," the Pastoral Times says, " the 10,000,000 of sheep to be shorn this season in Biverina and the pastoral districts of New South Wales will amount to £90,000. A top- shearer can shear about 80 per day; the inferior hand 40. The average iu a large shed, as taken, was 47. The shearers in the Yanko shed (Wilson Brothers1) will receive £1,170, as they shear 130,000 sheep. Mr. Samuel Wilson, of the same firn, has a little spec of his own at Coree. 47 miles from Deniliquin. Here he will shear 63,000, at a cost of £177; making £1,047 paid for shearing on two stations. If we estimate the gross cost for shearing, sorting, ressing, &c;„ there will be paid for wages in these two sheds upwards of £2,000.'' The Rotary Spades.—A public trial of this potato-digger came off at Mount Gambier, at noon, on August 31, and our correspondent says" The trial of the rotary spader imported by Dr. Browne, and won by Mr. Thomas Williams at the late ploughing match (as before reported), has led to its being pronounced by practical men a decided failure. The ground,- after the machine had passed ! over it, bore the appearance of merely being rooted | up by pigs; generally the soil was not turned over, and there is no regularity in its performance^ and, as the farmers said, it was not half so useful as the potato plough. The land where the trial took Elace (Mr. Grosser's paddock) is not virgin soil, but as been repeatedly ploughed; indeed. I should pionounce it soft soil compared to that on moBt other farms, and yet not too soft to form a soil. There were some agriculturists present who thought that a machine might be constructed on the same principle with differently-shaped spaders, while others cor demned it altogether. We are all sorry that Dr. Browne's generosity in this instance has proved of so little avaiL My own opinion is that the machinists should try again. I may mention' that two powerful horses working the machine were much distressed in a short time." The Late Charge of Gambling.—In our report of the evidence relative to the charge of gambling against Henry Allen and Joseph Hyam alias Jonah Aaron Lyons, beard at the Adelaide Police Court on Friday, August 28, the following errors occurred. Neither the prosecutor nor George Schunke said they saw the prisoner Lyons change his hat, although the witness Ash did 6ay so. Detective Gibbison at first said he found a two headed copper token on Lyons, but afterwards cor rected himself, and said be meant Allen. Erratum.—The broadcast sowing-machine ex hibited at the ploughing match, August 27, belonged to and was manufactured by Mr. Blake, machinist, of Smithfield, and not to the Hon. Thos. Hogarth, as reported. The English Grain Market and Harvest Prospects.—We have been favoured with the following report of Messrs. Home, Son, & Mclnnes, dated London, July 17,1838:—" Referring to our last report, we beg to say our market, under the influence of continued fine weather (as far as the wheat plant is concerned), has coDtiued to droop, and the finest Australian is now worth only 66s. to 67s. per 496 lbs. here; and Califomian. 643. to 65s.; Australian flour, 47s to 50s. per 283 lbs. Foreign supplies have been very heavy from the Baltic and from Russia to this maiket, while at all the ports 1 of call from the south of Europe we have had a large fleet Liverpool has also been glutted with Califomian, and we have just cleared up a cargo at 12s. 7d. to 13s. per 100 lbs., according to quantity. Berdianski and Marianopoli wheat arrived off the coast has fallen to 53s. to 54s., and Odessa Ghirka at 52s. per 492 lbs. c.f. With good harvest weather for another three weeks we do not look for more than a full average crop of wheat in England; but then the quality and condition will be so fine that farmers will find ready buyers, and will take advantage of thrashing-machines to the fullest extent to meet their customers at present prices. Under the above conditions we look to rather lower prices than those now current. On the other hand, three weeks or even a fortnight of un settled weather henceforth would certainly raise prices, and should there be a prospect of serious rain damage to the crop, the rise might likely con tinue until we had prices 10s. higher. France cannot have much beyond an average crop of wheat. Russia decidedly small, Germany probably full average, Spain small Hungary large." An Admirer of the Law. — The ordinary dulness of the proceedings of the Equity Court was broken on Tuesday by a female admirer of Bench and Bar, who appeared somewhat myste riously soon arter the business of the day had been commenced. The woman, who seemed to be not in her right senses, was induced by an officer of the Court to take a seat in the Jury-benches, where she, for a time, remained listening to an argument which was proceeding, encouraging the counsel occasionally by laudatory comments. On being remonstrated with by a learned Q.C., she declared that "she liked to hear sense," and made some complimentary remarks upon the appearance of the Primary Judge, and of Mr. Justice Wearing when she last saw him. The exhortations to silence from Bench and Bar alike being ineffectual, a police-trooper was at last sent for, and the source of interruption removed from the Court. The Primary Judge would have committed the delin quent for contempt of Court, but that he perceived she was not in possession of her faculties. Sporting.—The Argus of the 1st instant says:— " There has been little doing on the subject of the coming Rand wick meeting, but some slight chaDges have come over the very small scale of betting that has taken place here in the matter of the Sydney Derby. Kaiser, Coquette, Fenella, and Ragpicker have now been made the best favourites, the last named perhaps backed for as much mouey as any of the leading division. The Metropolitan Handi cap has only two favourites —The Barb and Tim Whiffier, the former with the strongest partr. The only betting in Melbourne which has touched the Melbourne Cup has been the bold offer of more than one bookmaker to lay 2,009 to 5 against naming the three winners, viz., of the Sydney Derby, the Metropolitan Handicap, and the Mel bourne Cup." South Australian Cricket Club.—The first monthly meeting of the season was held at Lloyd's Coffee-rooms on Wednesday evening, the 2nd in£t. The meeting decided on the re-election of the fol lowing officers of the Club, viz.:—Judge Uwynne. President; DeanFarrell, Vice-President; Clement Toung, Treasurer; and Wm. McMinn, Secretary. The following were elected a Committee for the season: — Messrs. J. W. Peryman, W. Fislier, R. Warburton, W. Aldwell, H. Dutton. G. Aldridge, E.Gwynne, and W. P. Joyner. The rules were submitted to the meeting and slightly revised, and other business of an unimportant nature was transacted. Benevolent and Strangers' Friend Society. —The Committee met on Wednesday afternoon. The days of meeting were fixed for the first Wed nesday in the month, at 4 o'clock p.m., the Hon. Secretary having a fixed engagement on the first Tuesday. A mistake had occurred in the subscription-last published, the name of Mr. Colton having been inserted instead of that of Mr. G. W. Cotton for £1 Is. Several cases of distress were relieved, and each member of the Com mittee was authorized to draw j£l during the month in case of emergency. The Committee have to acknowledge the receipt of a great many additional subscribers, and trust that the small ness of the sum they ask, 103. fid. per annum, may induce many more to join. Sturt, Bright-n, and Glenelg Ploughing Match —The annual ploughing match and show of horse stock in connection with the Sturt. Brighton, and Glenelg Agricultural Society took place on a section belonging to the Hon. John Hodgkiss, M.L.C., Brighton, on Thursday. September 3. The weather was lovely, and the attendance of visitors good. A report of the ploughing match and the dinner in the evening will be found in another column. Kent Cricket Club.—The annual business meeting of this Oiub was held at Lloyd's Coffee rooms on Wednesday evening, 2ad September; Mr. A. S. Chapman in the chair. From the Secretary's report, it appeared that the Club had progressed favourably during the past season, and that out of eight matches played, six had [been won, one los% ami one drawn. The election of officers for the ensuing season then took place, and Messrs. W. B. T. Andrews and H. Cowie were re j elected President and Vice-President. The fol lowing gentlemen were electedMessrs. A. E Malcolm, W. S. Samson, and ID. A. Thornton, Committee; and Mr. L. H. Sholl, Hon. Secretary. The Founder op Victoria.—The Hon. J. P. Fawkner writes to the Argus as follows:— ; "Melbourne completed its thirty- third year on I Saturday last. On the 2!)th August, IS35, the first landing took place on a small rising ground on | which our tent was pitched on the evening of August tl>e 29th. Our horses were then landed and 6et to graze. Early in 1835 I resolved to attempt to settle in Port Phillip, having been one of those who landed on Point iSepeaii from the Calcutta, tinder Governor David Collins, to colonize at Port Phillip. This was on October 19, 1803. Governor Collins declared the place unfit for settlement, and took the whole of the people to the Derwent. I sought out some friends to come with me in 1835, and five persons agreed t-o help to found the new colony. Their names were l.'obert Hay Marr, William Jackson, Samuel Jackson, Captain John Lancey, and John Evans. They all deserted me. Some went away, and the others took to sheep farming. and I alone remained to found the famous city of Melbourne. I purchased a schooner, the Enterprise, to bring ray horses, cattle, ami household goods, and in six days after landing bad five acres of land ploughed and sowed with wheat. This produced 100 bushels in January, 1S3S. it was sown where Lang'ands & Fulton'6 foundries were subsequently built. In 1S3H I sowed SO acres on the flat near Emerald Hill. This private enterprise succeeded where the Government's experiments failed iu 1S)3 4. A wilderness in IS :5, a fine flourishing colony in 1868, though only 33 years old." The Military.—The Argus is "informed that the second battalion of the 14th Regiment, at pre sent stationed in these colonies, is shortly to be relieved by the Tord Higldanders, from China." CoscgET.—On Thursday evening a musical en tertainment was given in the Town Hall in aid of the St. Luke's Church Repairs Fund. Although the spacious Hall was scarcely half full, and ite de fective acoustic properties militate very con siderably against the performances, the entertain ment as a whole was a decided success. Schroder's Band, with Mr. Chapman as the leader, performed several overtures and other compositions with all the precision, vivacity, and skill of accomplished musicians, who know exactly what they have to do, and bow to do it. Mr. H. Pounsett acted as con. ductor in the choruses, and as accompanyist in the piano to tbe soloists. The programme consisted of three parts. The first and second comprised selections of music of a very diversified character —vocal and instrumental, classic and comic, I patriotic and sentimental, solos, duets, and choruses, original compositions, operatic gems, | and gems of all kinds. There were two or three encores, and probably there would have been several more but for the defect referred to above. The toneB of tbe voices were beard distinctly enough, but not till they had startled " the slum bering echoes of the vaulted dome;" and of course the reverberation set all articulation at defiance. We presume the pieces were sung in Bnghsb, but we really could not tell. We do not say this either by way of censure or even discouragement. It would be unkind to do that, seeing that nearly' all the performers were amateurs who voluntarily snd gratuitously rendered their services in behalf of a benevolent object. Neither have we any complaint to make in regard to the performances in other respects. Indeed there were many excellencies, and but very few defects. The vocalization of the Misses Bell, Miss Scriven, and Mr. jL. Jagoe waa rapturously and deservedly applauded. In the tbird part the Veritable Original Amateur Christy Minstrels appeared in black faces and nigger costume, with the orthodox bones, tambourine, and banjo, and their well-trained voices were aided by Schrader's Band. This was decidedly the most popular and successful part of the entertainment; for it stirred up the sympathies, and even roused tbe enthusiam of the audience to an extent which at the commencement of the entertainment could hardly have been expected. The performances were closed with the National Anthem at half-past 10 o'clock. National Song.—We have received from Mar shall's music establishment, Bundle- street, a copy of a national song, entitled "God bless our Sailor Prince," published by Cocks & Co., New Burling ton-street, London. The words are by J. XL Carpenter, and the music by Stephen Glover. The character of the poetry may be inferred from the first stanza, as follows:— "Of NelsoD, Hood, and Colling wood, Our grandsires used to sing; Our fathers had a toast as good, They gave " The Sailor King." Now Royal Alfred treads the deck. His courage to evince; He braves the storm, nor fears the wreck; God bless our Sailor Prince!" The melody is just what that of a national song 6hould be—simple, yet energetic. It appeals immediately to onr loyalty and onr patriotism; and whilst free from the commonplace phrases of third-rate composers, it is equally free from any thing like pedantic ornamentation. There is an ad libitum chorus to each verse, set to the re frain " God bless our Sailer Prince! Long may his name be dear to fame, God bless our Sailor Prince!" The publishers of atlases, maps, chants, and music often remember to omit the date; but that this song is bran new is certain, for it contains a> reference to tbe attempted assassination of "Onr Sailor Prince." If it does not become popular in tbe colony it ought to do, for it is not every day that anything so thoroughly sterling in its character is published. Since writing the above we have met with the following in the Brighton Gazette of June 24:—" A few days, and, if all be well, Royal Alfred will land on his native shores. A cry of rejoicing will ring from John o' Groats to Land's End, and we hope alike in village choir and in crowded city hall this exquisite song, 'God bless our Sailor Prince,' will Durst forth—a fit welcoming home to him whom we all love so welL" The Derby and St. Leger.—The nominations for these races were declared at the Globe Ian, Bundle-street, on Thursday, September 3, as follows:— Derby 1960 Mr. W. Gerrard's br.c. The Duke. Mr. W. Gerrard's br.c. Bismarck. Mr. W. Gerrard's c.f. Alice Maude. Mr. W. Gerrard's b.c.. The Baron. Mr. R. Holland's c.f.. by Flatcatcher. Mr. W". Wiles's b c. Nighthawk. Mr. P. B. Coslin's b.f. Princess of Prussia. Mr. J". W. Gleeson's br.c., by Rarey. The Hon. J. Biker's bk. or or.c, by Conrad. The Hon. J. Bakers b.c., by South Australian. The Hon. J. Baker's b.f., by South Australian. Mr. J. Harvey's b.f., by South Australian. Mr. W. Hutchinson's b.c., by South Australian. Mr. J. Mullins's c.f., bv South Australian. Mr. O. Adcock's br £ Zoe. Mr. O. Adcock's b.f. Lady Wildair. Mr. J. Bathe's c.f. Pride. Mr. J. Gilbert's b.g., by Moonraker. Mr. J. Gilbert's c.f., by Moonraker. Mr. W. Bladder's b.c. Mussulman. Mr. P. Gell's b.f Flyaway. Mr. E. M. Bagot's br.c., by Faxciosus. Mr. E. M. Bagot's br.f, bv Faxciosus. Derby, 1870. Mr. Win. Gerrard's c.c. Bushman. Mr. Win. Gerrard's b.£ Kathleen. Mr. Wm. Gerrard's b.c. Lord Clyde. Mr. Wm. Gerrard's b.f. Morning Star. Mr. W. Wiles's c.f. Audacious. Mr. H. B. Hughes's c., by South Australian. Mr. H. B. Hughes's £, by South Australian. Mr. 11. B. Hughes's £, by South Australian. Mr. EL B. Hughes's c., by South Australian. Mr. fL B. Hughes's £, by South Australian. Mr. W. Hutchinson's bk. or br.f., by South Aus tralian. Mr. J. Mullins's g.c., by gonth Australian. Mr. O. Adcock's b.c., by South Australian. Mr. O. Adcock's b £, by South Australian. Mr. W. K. Simms's foal, by South Australian. Mr. J. Chamb-rs's b.c., by South Australian. The Hon. J. Hodgkiss's b f., by Stockowner. The Hon. J. Baker's b.£, by Lncifer. The Hon. J. Baker's b. or br.f., by Lucifer. The Hon. J. Baker's b.c., by Lncifer. The Hon. J. Baker's b.c, by Lucifer. The Hon. J. Baker's b. or br.f., by Lncifer. The Hon. J. Baker's b. or br.f., by Lucifer. The Hon. J. Baker's b. or br.£, by Lucifer. Mr. J. Bathe's b.c. Flyer. Mr. J. Bathe's c.c. Roland AvineL Mr. J. Bathe's b. or br.f. Caranjah. Mr. J. Gleeson's b.f., by Rarey Mr. J. Gleeson's br.c., by Rarey. Mr. J. Gilbert's br.g., by Sweet William. Mr. J. Gilbert's c.f., by Moonraker. Mr. J. Gilbert's br.c., by Skyscraper. Mr. J. Gilbert's b.c, by Sweet William. Mr. P. Gell's Chrysalis. Mr. E. M. Bagot's c, by Faxciosus. Mr. E. M. Bagot's c., by Faxciosus. Mr. E. M. Bagot's c., by Faxciosus. Mr. IS. M. Bagot's f, by Faxciosus. St. Leger, 1870. Mr. W. Gerrard's br.c. The Duke. Mr. W. Gerrard's br c. Bismarck. Mr. W. Gerrard's c.£ Alice Maude. Mr. W. Gerrard's b.c. The Baron. Mr. R. Holland's c.£, by Flatcafcher. Mr. W. Wiles's bk. or br.c. Niphthawk. Mr. P. B. Coglui's Princess of Prussia. The Hon. J. Baker's bk. or. br.c, by Conrad. The Hon. J. Baker's b.c, by South Australian. The Hon. J. Baker's b.f.. liy South Australian. Mr. .1. Harvey's b.f, by South Australian. Mr. W. Hutchinson's b.c, by South Australian. Mr. J. Mullins's c.f, by South Australian. Mr. O. Adcock's br.f. Zoe. Mr. O. Adcock's b.f. Lady Wildair. Mr. J. Bathe's c.f. Pride. Mr. .T. Gilbert's b.g, by Moonraker. Mr. J. Gilbert's c.f, by Moonraker. Mr. W. Rlackler's b.c. Mussulman. Mr. A. King's b.c, by Barey. Mr. R. Hammond's c. Mr. G. Pegler's b.f. Lily. Mr. W. K. Simms's c.c, by South Australian. Mr. P. Gell's b.g. Cornet. Mr. P. Gell's b.f, by Premier. Mr. E. M. Bagot's br.c, by Faxciosus. Mr. E. M. Baeot's br.f, by Waxciosus. Mr. E. M. Bagot's c.c, by Faxciosus. St. Leger. 1871. Mr. W. Gerrard's c.c. Bushman. Mr. W. Gerrard s b.f. Kathleen. Mr. W. Geirard's b.c. Lord Clyde. Mr. W. Gcrrard"6 b.f. Morning Star. Mr. W. Wiles's c.f. Audacious. Mr. H. B. Hughes's e., by South Australian. Mr. H. B. Hughes's f., by South Australian. Mr. H. B. Hughes's f., by South Australian. Mr. IT. R. Hughes's c.. by South Australian. Mr. H. B Hughes's f.. by South Australian. Mr. W. Hutchinson's blk. or br.f., by South Australian. Mr. J. Mullin^s g.c., by South Australian. Mr. O. Adcock's b.c.. by Sou'h Australian. Mr. O. Adcock's br.f., by South Australian. Mr. W. K. Simms's foal, by South Australian. The Hon. «T. Hodgkiss's b.f., by Stockowner. The Hon. J. Baker's b.f., by Lucifer. The Hon. .T. Baker's h. or br.f., by Lucifer. The Hon. J. Baker's bk. or br.c. by Lucifer. The Hon. J. Baker's b. orbr c., by Lucifer. The Hon. -T. Raker's h. or br.f., by Lucifer. The Hon. .T. Baker's b. or br.f., by Lucifer. Mr. .T. Bathe's b c. the Flyer. Mr. J. Bathe's c.c. Bolanil AvineL Mr. .T. Bathe's b. or br.f. Haranjah. Mr. J. Gleeson's br f., by Rarey. Mr. J. Gleeson's br.f.. by Rarey. Mr. J. Gleeson's r.f., bv Rarey. Mr. ,T. Gleeson's c.c.. by Rarey. Mr. Rayson's bk. or br.c.. by North Star. Mr. ,T. Chambers's br.c., bv South Australian. Mr. .T. Gilbert's br.g.. by Sweet William. Mr. ,T. Gilbert's c.f., by Moon raker. Mr. .T. Gilbert's br.c., by Skyscraper. Mr. .T. Gilbert's b.c., by Swtet William. Mr. P. Cell's b.f Chrysalis. Mr. E. M. Bagot's c., by Faxciosus. Mr. E. M. Bagot's c.. by Faxciosus. Mr. E. M. Bagot's c., by Faxciosus. Mr. E. M. Bagot's f., by Faxciosus. Old and Aged Colonists.—On Sunday last, two very old colonists—pioneers of South Aus tralia—attained the ripe age of 81 years. One of them has many sincere friends, though he now possesses no relations here; the other is not only a mother and a grandmother, but can boast of several great-grandchildren. Both enjoy to'erable health. Poucb CO0KT We imdetBtaoA that Mr. H. A.Sinith tias hwft appointed Second Clerk and Beodfet of Fines and Fees in the Police Court* vice Mr. T. A. 6. Wilton; that Mr. F. it. Burton is to be promoted to Mr. Smith's vacant place, as Third Qerk; and that Mr. A. Itivas, who has been on the temporary staff, succeeds Mr. Burton as Fourth Clerk. The Volunteer Select Committee.—We understand that the Volunteer. Select Committee hare resolved to sit with open doors, subject, of course, to the Standing Orders, under which the Committee may require strangers to withdraw. We believe that an application is to be made to the House for leave to report from time to time. TBE StBAHEB IiUBBA AND TELEGRAPHIC Com munication with Port Lincoln.—From bur telegraphic column it will be seen that the Labia, Which cleared out for Ports Lincoln and Augusta, end sailed from Port Adelaide on Monday, August St, did not reach the latter place till Tuesday, Sep tember 1, though due there on the previous Thurs day. Our Port Augusta letter shows that there had been very natural fears for her safety enter tained, The arguments for telegraphic com munication with Port Lincoln are fast accumu lating, and in justice to-the mercantile and ship ping interests, as well as out of consideration for the large and increasing body of settlers in the W estern District, who are debarred at present from frequent postal communication with the more settled districts, this should be undertaken so soon as the finances will admit of the tine being constructed. A telegram from Port Lincoln in this" instance to both ends—Adelaide and Port Augusta—wovdd have made many feel more com fortable daring the past few days. Steak Ocj&municatton; with che South.— During the past portion of the present year the trading community of the South have felt very heavily the general depression resulting from the bad harvest of 1867, and the Southern storekeepers have probably from Various causes suffered most. Thore engaged in this branch of trade are depen dant ok 'coastwise supplies of Roods—that is. they cannot'obtain small quantities by means of drays, but are obliged to have whet is termed "ship ments." Hitherto the "necessary supplies have been obtained by means of the email coasting vessels trading between Fort Adelaide and Victor Har bour, and although the owners have done all they j oocld, and, in fact, all that could be expected Of - them, in making the freights as low as possible, yet there has been experienced that want of punctuality which the best of sailing vessels canuot supply. Steam was the motive power which wna needed to remove the want, and we are glad to thud that the spirited owner of the steamer •Goolwa. Captain Smith, has determined to teade tregularly once a week between Port Adelaide and 'Victor Harbour, and we trust that the captain's •enterprise will be rewarded with success. The •Goolwa has already made two trips. On Wed nesday last she left Port Adelaide, and, notwith standing the .severity of the weather on that night, with capital punctuality she was at Victor Harbour at daylight on the following .morning. Borne suggestions save been made as to the desi rability of effectingrcm alteration in the departure from each port—a matter which would doubtless go towards the success' of the undertaking. But apart from commercial convenience—a point of no less importance—is the comfort of travellers, and many who have nrid recollections of aycurney to the metropolis via Willnnga will no doubt gladly avail themselves-of the capital accommodation provided by the Goolwa, while those who are anxious to visit the romantic scenery of ct-he South will have their /pleasure enhanced by a trip over the "ocean wants."—Southern Argot. The Biveb Mubbat.—From the TTorth-West Bend we have% letter dated August 80. stating that the river is rising, and that steamers are con sequently pljscg busily. In tbe cosjctry around the grass is «very backward and ram is much wanted. Lost and {Found at Nobth-W«et Bend.— There was a distressing occurrence atCJforth-West Bend a few "days ago, when a child of about two years of age wandered away from 4Js home and got lost in the bush. Ge was tracked going along the steepeshef cliffs by the river; aoE4t was feared at one time that he had fallen over. Strange to say, the little wanderer bad kept travelling tbe greater pack of one day, then all night, and until about 3 nest afternoon without ever resting him self. He «was tracked by the black under the direction of Corporal Shaw, of the Overland Corner, said the distance that he went without stopping -is supposed to be over 30-miles. When found the little fellow was "taken to Mr. Taylor's, vwhere it was seen that his feet were much swollen, as were also his lips. He seemed to have lost his senses for a short- time, but kind treatment and warm bread and milk ?oon revived him. On the following day bis -father took him home, ascch to the joy of his mo&er.; The little wanderer-liad got scarcely over one misfortune before he-tfell in with another, being scalded fright fully about the face. He is, however, now re covering. Presbyterian Chdbch, Pgr? Adelaide.—A lecture wag delivered at the Presbyterian Church, Port Adelaide, on Monday evening, August 31, by the ftesr. J. Henderson, the eahgect being "The Fall of SFerusalem." There w&sa- Tery; large atten dance;<-ihe Mayor, Mr. J. M. Sinclair, presiding. The rev. gentleman, on being introduced by the Chairman, proceeded to give an coconut of the rise of the revolt against the tyrannic measures of the Romans, and the progress of the<war. He vividly sketched the fortresses of Jerusalem, and described the state of the city when the war broke out. He related -several episodes in connection with the siege, detailing the horrors of fascine and devas* tation which followed. In the -coarse of liis re marks, rihe lecturer made numerous quotations from Scripture which predicted tbe events he had described.. The lecture, which -occupied about an hour and a half in delivery, was listened to with marked attention throughout. Tlte choir performed seven&pieceB; of music during tbe-evening, and the usual compliment to the lectoer.tChairman, and choir dosed the meeting. The -Man of Geneva.—A ieetare on Calvin, the "Man of Geneva," was delivered on Wednes day evening, September 2, in tbe Archer-street Wesleyaa Schoolroom, by the Rev. W. L. Binks, in conseetion with the Working Sien's .Associa tion. The rev. lecturer-interested bis audience by a very carefully prepared review oa -.the life of tbe reformer,' the leading events being brought pro mineutls^Qrward. There was a large attendance, and Mi.dT. W. Thomas presided. Clabe -Corporation. — We learn that His Excellency has granted the prayer-ef the Clare memorialists, and 'has erected the township into a Corporation. The first Mayor is to -be Mr. E. B. Gleeson. -8.M., and the first Councillors to be— North-Wact Ward, Messrs. EL Bdwley and 11. LeFeuvre; rBouth-West Ward, Mesets. W. Bos crow and 33. Beckmann; East Ward, Messrs. A. Young and E. Smith. Auditors—Messrs. W. G. Goodchild and T. F. Sabine. Hew Obc-an. - A new organ has besa recently purchased for ihe nse of the choir of "St. Luke's Church. It &as; been erected in the gallery, and was first used on Sunday last, with a iull choir. Mr. E. Wariiurst presided as organist. The in strument has been manufactured by Alt. J. W Wolff, of Wwhafield-street. On Wednesday morning we had an opportunity of inspecting it. In addi tion to tbe couplers, it contains the following stops: —Claribella bassoon, open diapason, principal,.flute 15th, and hautboy. It has also an octave of >pedal notes, with the -semitones descending to doiftie C, produced hum an eight-feet stopped pipe. The tone is remarkaSSy-sweet, and when the full gawer of the instrument is employed the volume of sssnd is quite sufficient "to fill. the sacred edifice. Mr. Wolff has availed himself of some of the latest kn rprovements. -The touch of the keys is elastic, light, aud even throughout the manual, and tbe pipes respond with remarkable sensitiveness to tke performer's manipulation. The case is of poi ished cedar, and, considered as a piece of cabinet-work.' it is as creditable as ic the oigan proper regarded ' as to its elaborate mechanism. Opening of Poems-Horses on Sunday.— Lately a publican was, -on the information of the police, fined by Air. E. J. Peike. S.M., in the Morpbett Vale Court, for having the outer door of Lis hotel open within tke prohibited hours on a Sunday. Mr. Skinner (defendant) appealed to the Adelaide Local Court of Full Jurisdiction, and the case, which occupied a considerable time, was tried on September 2, and decided in favour of the Sii ensed victualler. The grounds upon which the appeal to quash the decision of tlie Morphett Vale Court were based are various; aad some of them appear in the report. Mr. Downer read a number of easeB having a bearing upon thtsone. and showed that, in order to sustain a conviction, it was neces sary oot only to prove that the door was open, but open for the specific purpose of supplying liquor; not for ventilation, for instance, we presume, Next, that drink had actually been drawn and supplied, not to traveller®, but to 6uch as the law contemplated should not be so supplied within the forbidden times In one instance' in England it was shown that the door was open, beer or other liquor was spilt in the taproom, and after strict search persons were discovered in an outbuilding with vessels containing liquor with froth still on it. This combination of circumstances had, in the case referred to. been regarded as sufficient to warrant a conviction, as otherwise it might have been possible to prove, or at any rate there could be the presumption that the drink h»d been supplied previously, but not consumed. In this case there was not that kind of evidence. Ou the contrary, one or more, who were bonfi fide travellers, proved having been supplied with refreshment, whereas the police trooper had contented himse'f, as has been often done_ before, witb the fact that I he door was open within certain hours. We may remark that the binding clause in our1 Act: is'copied tvrha'int, or nearly so, from the English Act, and, as a result, the precedents cited by Mr. Downer had great force. We are not stating whether ouropin ons are m favour of greater laxity than has prevailed or : the reverse, bat merely noting the grounds upon j which this conviction has been quashed for the guidance and information of those interested, as tJM? Will form a precedent until the fey jj glfgjregT ' "Wi&SAir; Diseasr-^We h&Ye; received, from Mr» t Daw, of Cygnet KiFer> Kangaroo bland, by favour of Captain Swings, of the schooner Albert, some specimens of insects found at the root of wheat plants affected by the disease known as takeall, which has, we are informed, exhibited itself some what extensively in the island. The insect is known, we believe, as thecorneel, and was referred to in the evidence before the Commission on Cereal Diseases as the vibrio tritice. It is often found in connection with wheat affected by takeall, but whether it is the cause of that disease or is attracted to the plant after being enfeebled by disease is uncertain. Mr. Ey, in hi3 evidence, stated that in bis belief the animalculm was sown with the seed, and that a dressing of sulphuric acid would kill it. The same witness found beneficial results from watering a small patch, the plants upon which showed signs of the takeall, with sulphuric acid: but of course that remedy could not be generally resorted to. Wheat Plants.—Mr. R. F. Ware, of Lewiston, has sent to our office a plant of wheat, consisting of 51 steins over three feet long, grown from a single grain. He says—"I planted early in Apiil a quantity of the smallest and most shrivelled grains of rusty wheat I could get, and this is the result. I have plenty more equally luxuriant in growth." The Cereal Diseases Commission. —One of the late numbers of the Field, gives a somewhat extended and complimentary notice of the result of the labours of the South Australian Commission on Cereal Diseases. The writer veoords the general conclusions stated in the "able report." The 3fark £iane Express publishes the report in full, and a most elaborate letter on "Red Kust" by Dr. Muecke. I EteRTICOIiTUBAL AND FteESCULTDBAL SOCIETY. —The usual meeting of the above Society was held 1 atthe Norfolk Arms on the afternoon of Septem ber 1, when there were present Messrs. F. S. O. Driffield (Chairman), B. A_ Fiveash, E. P. Sabine, W. Rhodes, Dr. Wjlde, W. Hill, J. T. Gray, J. T. Hoffman, J. Howell, J. F. Pascoe, and W. Hackett ^Secretary). The letter from Mr. Sabine, received at the previous meeting, it was decided to acknow ledge with thanks. In consequence of the Agri cultural Society having fixed their Show fee October, it was carried "liat the next Show of t&?s Society be on Novenriser 12, and the following wne on December 17. Messrs. Bo well, DufEeld, Gray, E. Smith. Pascoe, and Hoffman were appointed a Sub-Committee to prepare the prize-list for the November Show, and to meet on October €. Mr. Pascoe gave notice that at the next mcefeg he would move, " Tr.ct the Committee be empowered to award certificates of merit for plants, &c.;, exhi bited at monthly -meetings." An interesting con versational discussion was carried on during the meeting upon a«variety of subjects interesting to floriculturists. Some specimens of good varieties of Kennedyias, =occ., were laid on the table, and much admired. The Scab Act.—We understand th&t-a; petition is in course of signature to be presented to the House of Assembly against the proposed'tax of £1 per thousand sheep for maintenance ef inspectors for the enforcement of the Scab Act. Supbeke Ogurt.—The Full Court saf '-m Banco on Monday, Ai&gust; 31, when judgment was delivered by the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Gywnne in the case of Randell and Another w. the South Australian insurance Company. As they were divided in-opinion the Chief Justice "withdrew his judgmentto enable the defendants to appeal to the Privy OooHcil. A number of Jurorswrho had been ordered to-be fined for non-attendanes were brought up, and on sufficient cause being shewn had their fines remitted. An argument took place in the case of Gottlieb Lindner, who did not answer to his bail to take his trial for attempting to extort money by threatening letters. The ground of excuse was his inability to read or understand English, and it was set out in the affidavit as accounting for his not having been made aware of the time of trial by his friends that the Cause List was not published, except in sthe Government Gazette. An application was made by Mr. Palmer for & certiorari in the case of & scan named Peter Boss, -who had been sentenced to imprisonment till the rising of the Clare Local Court for removing a hammer from a stone quarry. As an important principle was involved—a hether a-writof certiorari lies in-criminal cases at the (Local Courts—the Court took time to consider its judgment. Jakes Green, the Colocsee'Cabjian.—It will be seen from a report in another column that James'Green, the coloured driver of a hansom cab, has attempted suicide and isarew in the Adelaide Hospital. MeHTHETT STHEET CrOSSISC. — Some corre spondence respecting the alterations at theJ Morphett-street crossing havingrcome before the meeting of the City Council en Monday, they held a special Committee meetisg on the Bubject. Sabrcf Property.—OnM«n!6&y; Messrs. Towns end, Hotting, & Eay sold a valuable leasehold pro perty, -in the township of Kingston, Lacepede Bay, consisting of Allotments 48 aafc£S, with premises. The piiee was .£203. The mineral rights of Sec tion ^$7, adjoining the Ben Lena&nd; Mine, adver tised for sale, were withdrawn. VrrAr. Statistics.—The member of births ac& deaths registered in the District «f Adelaide during the week ended Saturday, August 29, were— Births—41 males, 33 females. Deaths—14 males,-8 females. Total, 74 births, 22 "deaths. Excess - of births,-9S. A Midnight Adventure.—Hue hospitable esta blishment -of Mr. J. P. Moyie, of this township (says Xh&fKaptinda.; Herald) woutil teem to possess ] peculiar attractions for roving blades, who have>no respect uor the old-established .axiom that an Englishman's house is his castle. On Saturday night last, or rather in the small .'hours of Sunday morning. Mr. Moyle was aroused fcom his slumbers by an unaccountable noise in fiiie kitchen, and, wishing to trace the effect to the -cause, Mr. Moyle rose from his bed, and made his «cay in his night dress to the kitchen, where he found.ao individual making a survey by candlelight. '"Halloa, what are you doing here?" said Mr. Moyle. " Why, I've been here this two hours," wasAlie indignant reply. " IT-eti'd belter go out at once 6ben,-orI shall have to pot you -out, said Mr. Moyle, who had by this .tune recognised his visitor as.a inau who, : though nominally a resident on Bakeris I?!at, was now evidently more than half seas over. Finding he was ia the wrong box, the majasited guest allowed himself to be shoved out at the door.. which was then securely fastened by Mr. Moyle, wbo hastened back to his bed anxious to lose no more of Ms night's rest. On Sunday morning Mrs. Moyle went -to the safe to teak -up the eatables wherewith to garnish the breakfast-table,: when lo! many of the viands were rendered con spicuous by their absence; a nice piece ef epare no of home-fed pork, weigliiug about four pounds,' was looked for ie vain, until at length a solution as to the manner of its disappearance was fur nished by sundry bones being found on the floor. It was at once apparent that the nocturnal vistor had been lookicg.after the victualling department during the two hours' sojourn iu the laud of plenty, and had deinooieked the joint of pork by way of an early breakfast: half a large cake had been similarly disposed of, and butter h&d; been woefully decreased, an quality as wed as quan tity, for, no knife .being at hand, the hungry guest had mauled as.t the necessary garnishing of butter with his open diand, the traces of his eirty fingers being plainly -visible in the unconsented portion. Actuated, doubtless, by a desire to be up betimes on the following morning, the solids had been washed down by adiottle of yeast which had been left in the safe. Waring the course of Sun day Mr. Moyle met his visitor and wife, the latter of whom was complaining that they were nearly starving—the truth of which assertion, however, Mr. Moyle disputed, so far as the head of the family was concerned, remarking that he, at all i events, had laid in stock to last for some consider able time. The man, howe$e% had quite forgotten the incident. It was extremely fortunate tor him <bat he had made his way into a house where he was known, or his faculty for constituting him«elf . aeempoiary meini er of the family might have led to his domestication in one of Her Majesty's esta blishments where the hours kept are regular, the 1 work constant, and the diet light. SstHEE at Ardtornish.—The first anniversary soiree in connection with the Presby terian congre gation at Ardtornish took place on Monday last, when about 103 sat down to tea. At 7 o'clock the Bev. J". Henderson, of Port Adelaide gave his lecture on the "Oddities of Genius." A portion of St. Andrew's choir were in attendance, and assisted, in addition to the brilliant and eloquent lecture, in preduc ng an amount of enjoyment and delight not surpassed by anytMng of the kind ever given in the neighbourhood. Mr. Kerr moved a vote of thanks to Mr. Henderson, and mentioned that it bad been his pleasing lot not only to know some of the great and distinguished men men tioned by the lecturer, but to have sat at their feet as a humble student. The vote was carried with acclamation, and the proceedings closed by votes of thanks to the Rev. It. Haining, who occupied the chair, and the ladies. Rapid Communication with Wextworth via Blanchetown.—A movement has been started here by Mr. E. Heywood, our local Magistrate, 6ays our Blanchetown correspondent, to have a through line per mail in one day from this to Ade laide. The contractors, Messrs. Cobb & Co., are willing to make the change if the Postmaster will sanction it, and as it will not interfere with any of the mail times between this and Freeling there is j little doubt but that it will be carried into effect. Passengers will then take coach at Wentworth on I the Darling on Monday morning, and on Tuesday evening be with their friends in Adelaide. This beats ali our memories of mail coach travelling at home, and it was but a very short time before the present firm had the contract that it took one ffeek to go from Sl3B£het9»7}tO Went worth a'oue. Alterations at the South Australian Iffgnrora—We understand that extensive altera tions are taking place at the Institute. The large hall upstairs, known as the exhibition-room, is to be handed over to the Society of Arts, and is undergoing renovation. The Museum has been for a long time cramped for space, and this change will enable the Governors to place the room hitherto used by the Society of Arts at the disposal of the Curator. The Tasmanian Press.—A new penny evening journal—the Mail—has made its appearance at Hobart Town. A weekly edition, to which the name of the News has been given, is also published. Supreme Court.—The Full Court sat in Banco on Friday, August 25. Judgment was delivered upholding the verdict in the case of Young t. Ashby. A rule was made absolute quashing the proceedings in the case of White v. Hawkeswell. In the special case of Delany v. White an argument took place, and a decision was given in favour of the plaintiff. Rules nisi for new trials, &e;, were obtained in Local Court cases of Bottomley v. Clarke and Others, executors of Wm. Bay; and Kingsborough v. Thomson. A rule was made absolute for a new trial in Horner v. Miller and Others, and refused in Perryman v. Klspper. Roads nop Blinded.—Lately more than one correspondent has called attention to the practice adopted recently of placing loose stones on the main lines of road without blinding, and our Willunga correspondent again refers to this gtie vance, He says:—"The streets of Willunga are still in the same disgraceful state as before; deep water-worn, ruts, agreeably varied with mud holes, and interspersed with small swarapy patches, delight the hearts of travellers. Perhaps when a few District Councillors or their relatives break their netks on some dark night this state of the roads may be remedied. Certainly no one can aocftse our District Council of spending the rates in the township. The road to Adelaide is covered with lease metal, which goes through-the farce of being ' rxdled, and which is supposed to bind the stones together without blinding. To show whether it does so, it may be stated that I ran the tip of my kittle finger along some metal over which the roller had just passed, displacing the stones with the utmost ease, and buggy wheels made deep ruts, the metal being none cue better for the roller. Had there been plenty of Minding, sufficient to cover the metal thoroughly, the roller would then leave a perfectly smooth ecad, and the metal, nut being ground down to form its own blinding, would last three or four times<as long, and fully repay the cost of carting the blinding, as was proved by experience on this very road.r' District op Narracoorte. — The following memorial from £2 landowners, in opposition to the formation of the proposed District of Karracoorte, has been forwarded to His Excellency the Acting Governor:—"The memorial of the 'undersigned landowners, residing in the Township of Narra coorte and surrounding neighbourhood, humbly showeth—Tfeat your memorialists ffiave seen the application "or a District Council, stated to be made by (freeholders and inhabitants of Narra coorte and (published in the Government Gazette. That the said memorial is signed by others than freeholders, and also by some hcving no interest and not residing in the said township, and whose signatures were obtained by misrepresentation. That wc the undersigned represent by far the j largest freeholders and include (those likely to be i injured by the grauting of such District Council, j as we should have the highest sates to pay without j receiving adequate remuneration. Your memo-; rialists'iherefore pray that yoer Excellency will be \ pleased to refuse to grant the-said District Council, as being premature aud not (required. And your j memorialists will ever pray.*' Tffi Port Caroline anb (Border Railway.— 1 The Mount Gambier papers are making a dead set egainst the above raiiwey scheme as proposed by the Ministry, and their language is strong enough to satisfy the meet pugnaciously disposed opponents of this part Of the Ministerial pro gramme. The Watch, says:—" Our infatuated Ge verament propose to foe! away a sum of .£350,dOO on this hungry undertaking. It is a most extra ordinary delusion on their pait, especially as .there is not in the South-East-a less promising locality in vfhich to spend the public money. The force of madness can no further go. We understand a .good-natured memorial -is to be addressed to tbe •Government by tbe historian Borderers, praying 'them not to construct the proposed Border Railway, KB they are not likely to avail themselves of 'it. The Kailway scheme excited great mirth aat the Apsley Show uneeting." The StaxSard thas the following on the same topic:—"The receipt a day or <bwo ago of an elaborate ■ document, setting fopfcfc numerous particulars -con -cerning this proposed line of railway, has once more set us unwillingly pondering the vexatious \--question. Notwithstanding the floods of -light which have in the the past year been poure&from; various sources upon every point of the South Eastern Kailway scheme, it would seem that the Government have determined against really-com mencing the work in the right way. We do not say that it is quite dear they do intend to begin it in the wrong manne— for their present attitude, professing to favoartUicepede Bay as a starting point, is so untenabl&cnd; utterly unreasonable as to leave us no alternative to regarding it as only- acover under which they saay contrive to quash or at least shelve the entire scheme. It is impossible to believe that the House of Assembly will oeunte nance so insane a protect as that of running-a long line of railway through. the most wretchedly worthless description of country to ' the Border'— to nowhere—whilstedarge town and variou&popu; lous localities in tbe-same district are calliuglaudly for increased and ic*pcoved means of communica tion and transit. We have not one word -to say against Lacepede Bay having its railway, retching even to the moon, only let it not he at our cost. To that we do meet certainly obj .'ct. But we weary of the subject; and as there is little proba bility of the Ministerial programme being ap proved by the House, we shall not now continue its discussion/' The Public Dcrcsa op Medical Mesl—'The Argus quotes from the August number Of the Australian McdicAlSouinal the following article, under the heading ""Virtus est sua Merces," on the question whether medical men are bossed to give their services tscsases of emergency: -"Afew days ago a man was drilled in one of the outskirts of tins city by the fall of a quantity of earth icpon him. As is usual on ouch occasions, there was an outcry for medical aid, and half a dozen fraatic people rushed in various directions for any or every medical man 'that could be found. IS:ere happened at the time-to he passing near the place one of the physicians.oif a public institution io'the neighbourhood, and a>p«Iiceman, somewhat more frantic than the rest of the excited messengers, seized his horse by the bridle, and insisted upon taking him to fSie scene of the accident. His refusal to be bailed off in this peremptory manner evoked a good deal of official insolence from the constable, whe, on being threatened we& a charge of exceeding his duty, defied the medical Srofession all and sundry., and declared himself te> e the best fudge of what was his duty. The medical gentleman so summoned, however, refused to go, and subsequently -Keported the affair to the , Superintendent of Police, by whom it is now under 1 investigation. This case is highly important to' the whole profession, inasmuch as it involves the ? .question of whether a medical man is obliged at all times, and under any .circumstances whatever, to give his time to anybody who chooses to de mand his services, utterly irrespective of the pro spect of remuneration. There prevails in the public rc-onl an impression that he is thus obligated, .ami that he may not refuse eo comply with such summonses on pain of himself being severely dealt with by the law. But even those persons who are aware that the law imposes no such obligation think that, on the principle of humanity and bene vo'eace, the medical man shoaid always hold him self an readiness to respond to such calls. In their mines he is apparently judged on different prin ciples from those which are apulied to every other sectith of the community, 'fffee knowledge and skill .it may have taken him many yeais and cost much money to obtain are, according to these | reasoners, held only in trust, to be employed in the i causeof universal philantliropy. Tkey will deem liim | god-like so long as he will fly unconditionally \ to every call of suffering humanity, and if he be but content to carry out practieally the very old proverb which heads this article, and Dever to dreaui of payment for his labour, lie isaay perhaps enjoy in a a high degree the good opinion of those S who thus condescend to ask him for his services. But nothing short of the promptest readiness to obey every summons and get nothing for obeying it will satisfy these benevolence- mongere, They will compliment a medical man ou .iiis skill, his amiability, sad his success, hut they will give him no fee; and if he should be sordid enough to ask for one, or to refuse to go when he is required until some assurance is given that he will receive a fee, he is at once denounced as an unfeeling person, dead to all tile generous impulses which move the high- souled and benevolent. It has come, therefore, to be necessary for medica! men, as a rule, to refuse to attend on an emergency, unless with likelihood of payment. The incon venience, the waste of time, the actual loss of money, and not seldom a disastrous amount of responsibility, are the acknowledgements they very frequently get for their readiness to serve emergency patients. It is necessary that this un reasonable and altogether mistaken estimate of the obligations of medical men towards the public should be corrected, and it will form one of the 1 functions of the contemplated Medico-Ethical Society to accomplish this necessary change." Weather and Business at Kapcnda.—The weather still continues extremely favourable for our agriculturists, and it is really to be hoped that this season the farmers may have an at all events average crop to compensate them in some measure for the red lust of the past season, which has had a most depre sing tendency on business of ail kinds, the streets of Kapunda being now almost deserted, and the tradesmen's occupation nearly gone; whereas, had the harvest been a bountiful one, we misfit reasonably have expected to have seen our township as thriving and busy as in olden times.— Herald. Death of Mrs. Anthony Forster.—The English mail brings intelligence of the death of Mrs. Anthony Forster, after a long and painful illness. A private letter informs us that she was buried in the Cemeteiy at Kensall Green. Voyage of the Galatea.—Messrs. Allen and Co., London, will shortly publish the "Journal of the Voyage of H.M.S. Galatea Bound the World," under the command of His Royal High ness the Duke of Edinburgh, in 8vo, illustrated by several sketches of scenes and incidents described in the journal. Fall of Ceiling at Messrs. D. & W. MUBRAT'8 Warehouse.—It will be remembered -that the rear portion of Messrs. D. & W. Murray's wholesale drapery warehouse. King William-street, was not long since completely gutted by fire, and that the salvage Btock was removed to the mill stores of the late firm of Beeby & Dunstan, where business was proceeded with whilst the premises were being re-erected. The Australasian Insurance Company, of which Mr. Percy Wells is the agent, instead, it appears, of paying for the damage done to the premises by fire, preferred rebuilding. Messrs. Wright & Woods were the architects, and tenders were invited, that of Mr. W. Lines being accepted. On completion the firm removed to the renovated building, and had succeeded in getting stock and business into good trim. On Tuesday, between noon and 1 o'clock, without any warning whatever, a mass of ceiling, about 20 feet wide by 70 feet in length, being the centre compartment, fell in, dragging with it lillipntian struts and king and queen posts, which, with numerous iron rods andafewprincipals, formed the supports. The build ing in which this occurred contains a series of departments on the various floors above each other, the top one being the fancy and haberdashery room. Each of the under rooms is well furnished with pillars rising from the base ment to the floor of the top storey, where there is the department in which this catastrophe happened—a place with a clear lath-and-plaster ceiling about 60 feet by 70, without a single support underneath, but which appeare to have a perfect maze of contrivances overhead for binding the galvaaissd roof and other parts together. The timbers used appear to be extremely light, con sidering the great span, and the beams have broken off short in a number of places, as though rent quite suddenly. We learn on enquiry that the original roof of this portion of the ware house was constructed to cover a building not so lofty. Subsequently Messrs, Murray added a ceiling, which, with the iron roof, fell in wheh the fire took place. _ The architect to the Insurance Office, we are informed, when it became necessary in restoring the building to replace the roof and ceiling, expressed fears that the roof was too slight for the weight, and that another principal would be required to be added. The firm, however, have no recollection of this. But as it had stood some few months before the fire, as there was no great weight to support, and the parts appeared previously well braced together, the proprietors did not incur additional expense in making the roof stronger. The duty devolving on the Insurance Office to reinstate the premises was, we are next informed, carried out in the most minute particulars according to the original speci fication, so that everything should be precisely as before the fire. As the work was of necessity pushed o&'during very wet weather to admit the firm as early as possible into the premises, all tbe precautions that could betaken were attended to by lightening the load of sawdust placed over the ceiling to tbe minimum and introducing shavings. It seems strange that tbe accident did not occur when everything was comnarative&y; wet, and the weight, of course, about double what it would be now whtn much drier. The whole or greater portion of the roof will apparently require to be reossved, and a more substantial covering will have to be substituted, or there will he a constant liability to the same kind of accident, with this difference—that in this case the affair happened when there was fine weather, the absence of wind or-rain, assistance was at hand through the event feeing in the day time, a»fi there has been no bodily injury, although a young lad narrowly escaped; all these matters Sorm a fortunate com bination of circumstances that could not be guaranteed for the future. There will be in this instance some injury to property and slight incon venience in transacting business, with the special drawback that the accident'took place on mail day, when space was valuable 'in preparing for the display of overland new foods; but tbe resources and energy of the firm will leadilly overcome these difficulties, and we are assured there will be no real interruption to the course of business. In placing on the roof the timbers and galvanized iron used were of course quite new. the others having been destroyed by fire; bst*ihe iron rods were those which had been alreadveinployed, and had stood the scorching heat The apparent cause of the roof falling in was that.tbe nut on the bar fixed in > the centre of the roof and supporting its main weight had given way-through the thread failing! to hold it. The exact 'cause of the accident is a r matter for professional enquiry, and steps have, : we presume, been taken to ascertain this. if: possible. We have, however, given particulars as ' ascertained from various sources. New Connexion Methodist Bazaar.—A; bazaar, to aid in the<reduction of the debt resting - upon the chapel in Franklin-street, was opened oa September 1, at White's Booms, at 2 o'clock.! During the day the arrival of the English mail: militated doubtless -against the attendance, bet' towards evening the room gradually began to fill,: and as it neared tike hour for the delivery of the Chief Justice's lecture on "John Calvin" the room presented a comfortable appearance, and at abostfl o'clock was full. Ea'tfeis bazaar there are the usual evidences preseated*of the busy fingers of willing hands having been-.engaged in preparation of sll sorts of articles, useful, ornamental, and artistic. The display does oct/-strike the persons entering as being so large as ct some preceding bazaars; but certainly whatever 'taay be lacking in this respect is made up in itsihaving specialities peculiarly and exclusively its own. The stalls are presided over in the following manner:—No. 1, the confec tionary, is placed across the end of the room an front of the platform, where it commands and receives attention, tin the centre is a very band some bride's cake —which it is hoDed may be needed soon—riehiv ornamented, and flanked by. various other marvels of the sugar - hater's' art. Here Mrs. rEmith presides—what move need we say to commend it? No. 2 —a large stall at the upper end of the room near the platform—^bas a variety of articles baffling description, but winch find their way into nursery baskets or to toiletrtables or mantel-shelves, with other positions requiring more space and demand ing more notice, fifae multiform character of this: department requires the superintendence of j-Mesdames Maughaq, Manford, Resman, Hodge, and Roach. No. 3 is not so large, but has ite own features of interest, which, were we to describe more minutely, would deprive the reader of part of the pleasure of personal discovery. It. is cared for by Mesdames Dew and Hitch cox, and will well repay inspestion. The photographic stall,: conducted by the Misses Masters, next requires!i notice, as there Is so great a selection of views and other results of cthe art. The display here is . large and attractive. The Misses Drumuiond and: Johnston oblige visitors by taking their money in - return for articles of vertu and bijouterie, or ! virtue and bigotry, as some one has facetiously : termed rarities of arc :and manufacture. After i this, if money be still 'forthcoming, Mr. and Mrs. ; Herbert with Mrs. ILoslin will stock the pur chaser's garden from a splendid assortment of plants, or the Misses M. an! G. Drummond will help with a fine collection of flowers, and if all these fail to emnty the pockets and cheque-book the Rev. Mr. Maughan himself, with Mr. S. S. Vale—we had almost said " the mineralogist"—as his lieutenant, will inspire with such an admiration for rare old fossils; not fcuman ones—these can be picked up in the streets any day—but splendid specimens which a thorough connoisseur would gloat over, dream about, and not fail to secure, if purchasable. The show -cases containing Mr. ■Vale's collection of minerals, which received so much attention at the South Australian Great ■Exhibition, and obtained a -still more substantial recognition of merit-, are here shown, and in addi tion a smaller but complete duplicate has been pro duced for sale. This latter, consisting of produc tions in the mineral kingdom from the farthest point north, Torke's Peniasula, the Bremer, Taiisker, and even the now celebrated silver mines, wocsld be invaluable as the nucleus of a museum for a country Institute. In the evening His Honor the Chief Justice delivered his able lecture on Calvin to a large audience, Mr. Maughan taking the eShair. After giving a careful resume of the state of the Church just prior to the advent of the stanch reformer, and deprecating the injustice done Mm frequently in the estimate formed of his work and life, the lecturer proceeded to mark the leading events of a chequered career, bringing in, to complete the sketch. such portions of the action taken by Luther a"d others as was required forfully appreciating difficulties overcome, tempt itions res:sted, and labour achieved. The subject would at any time receive attention; but in the hands of so thoughtful a lecturer, whose command of chaste, forcible, and appropriate language in sadi cases, it is conceded, is great, the audience was more than pleased, and manifested interest at various stages of the lecture. During the interval and throughout the evening music was Drovided, and amongst other attractions a young la-iy, whose first appearance it was, recited "The BeilB." So soon after Mr. Montgomery this was rather an ambitious undertaking, requiring courage. Some of the verses, and in these some of the lines particularly, were, however, well and clearlv given, but, on the whole, with too great rapidity, the exception to this being at the close. The articula tion. aided by a musical voice, was remarkably good. We had almost omitted to state that " the reputed Ibrahim Ben Hassam Effendi, the cele brated," &c.;,held a levee in the Masonic Hall at the rear of the large room, and was waited upon by a goodly number of those desiring an interview. On Wednesday the bazaar was again open to the public, and, in the evening especially, attracted a large number of visitors. The chief attraction at night was, of course, the lecture by the Rev. J. Maughan on "The Ascent of Mont Blanc," which was vividly .described by him, calling forth repeated acclamation. The lecture was exceedingly well illustrated by Mr. Mauehan's dissolving views, which were broughtout with great clearness Several amateurs also contributed very materially to the evening's entertainment by readings, recitations, and bellringing, the Diano being ably presided over by Mr. William Chinner. The renowned and extremely aged dwarf. Ibraim Ben Hassam, a'so drew a large number of visitors to his levee, who were anxious to make the acquaintance of our dis tinguished visitor. West Kanmantoo Miking Company, Limited. —At the ordinary general meeting of this Com pany, held August 31, Messrs. Wendt and Crane were unanimously re- elected Directors, and Messrs. Cooke and Lawrance Auditors. At a special general meeting held the same day a report by the Directors was read, recommending that the Company be wound up voluntarily, in consequence of the insufficiency of the capital and the unfavour able report of Captain Albrecht. The recommen dation of the Directors was adopted, and the management of the winding up was left to their determination. Citt Council.—At the usual fortnightly meeting of the City Council on Monday a small amount of ordinary business was transacted. The New Zealand Gold Reefs.—The New ( ZealarulHerald.of the 1st instant says:—"for : months past, though day by day out miners at the j Thames were striking rich leaders and reefs in one j claim after another, persons at a distance received the narration of these facts with incredulity, so small an amount of gold being monthly exported. We have pointed cut over and over again that this has been owing to the absence of machinery. It is only quite lately that a few machines have been got into working order, and tlieBe of no great power, working only three, four, and five stampers each. Hunt's machine, for instance, which has crushed out 8,724 ozs. in nine days, in addition to 2,000 ozs.—which probably will not be sent away by the mail steamer to-day, as it could only arrive in town late to-day, and would not pass the Customs in time for the departure of the Taranaki—is only a 12-stamper machine, and of these only four stampers have worked at a time; yet it has turned out since noon of the 20th July a trifle under half a ton of retorted gold. We are informed that this magnificent claim can produce daily as much stone as can he crushed in the same time, and of similar quality to that just operated upon, and that, therefore, a yield of something like 1,000 ozs. per diem can be maintained. This claim, too, like the majority of Thames claims, is only yet taking stone out of the reef above the surface level, and there are thousands of tons of stone yet to be obtained before there will be any necessity to sink a foot upon the reef. There are, we know, other claims fully as rich if not richer than Hunt's; but, as was tbe case with Hunt's claim till quite lately, they have had no machinery to crush the stone wheu got out. Some, at great expense of cartage and other loss, have had samples of a few tons crushed, and the yields have varied from 25 ozs. to 70 ozs. and 80 ozs. per ton. Altogether—though we cannot to-day state the exact quantity—there will be sent away some 15,000 ozs. of gold, the pro duce of the Thames for the month of July, or very nearly three-quarters of a ton of solid gold. A full share in tbe Middle Star claim has just changed hands for the sum of £4,000." Whale Caught in Portland Bat.—On Fri day, 21st inst., a whale was observed in the bay, and again early on Saturday morning. Captain Dutton, of Narrawong, who has probably killed more whales with his own hand than any other man in existence, was unanimously elected to lead the expedition—at all times a work of danger and difficulty—and four or five whaling boats, none of them in the best condition, were hastily fitted up for tbe occasion, and about 10 o'clock on Saturday morning started in pursuit. After an exciting chase of about an hour and a half, watched from the shore with deep interest, Wm. Kirkin had the good fortune to harpoon the animal near the N. j Bluff. Once fastened, Captain Dutton plied the lance vigorously, but fully two hours elapsed before the work of death was completed. The whale, once wounded, dashed wildly about, some times rising in one direction, sometimes in another, but for the most part keeping well in shore, occasionally rising to the surface and eject ingr columns of Mood and water, and bellowing in a way that could be distinctly beard on tbe shore. Finally the animal was killed and anchored off the new jetty. This morning the captors hauled the whale, which measures about 42 feet in length, alongside tbe jetty, and the work of cutting up commenced. The value is differently estimated : but from the size it is probable between five and six tons of oil will be realized, with four or five hundredweight of whalebone, and these, sold at current rates, will produce between £200 and £300. The success of tbis adventure will probably have the effect of resuscitating the now defunct Port land Whaling Company.—(Juardian. Aug. 24. Colonial Cattle Dealing. — An insolvent, named George J. Johnston, was lately sentenced by Mr. -Justice Moleswortb, of Melbourne, to a year's imprisonment. Johnston had been a fanner at Gipps Land, and had extensive dealings with Messrs. 'King & Cuningham. A short time before his insolvency, and when he was greatly em barrassed, he purchased £700 worth of -cattle from Mr. Anderson, paying for them by a cheque on a Bank where he bad no funds, and sending the cattle to King & Cuningham, who retained them for advances. His Honor held this transaction to be-sufficient to justify the punishment he inflicted. B-ailwat Traffic.—The traffic on the South Australian railways for the week ended August 22 was;—Port Line: Passengers, 4,711; fares, £193 14s. 8d.; goods, £155 3s. &L; North Line; Passengers, 1,368; fares, £-281 16s. fid.; goods, £495 Is. 3<L Total, £1,124 16's. "Volunteer Appointments.—We understand that Lieutenant and Adjutant Peryman has been appointed Captain to the D Troop, Reedbeds -Cavalry, Cornet Jones has been promoted to the Lieutenancy, and Sergeant-Major Hemingway to -the position of Cornet. Letterfrom Mother Adelaide toheb South eastern Daughter.—My Dear Child—It grieves me very much to see you so dissatisfied with the treatment your kind old mother prescribes for you. Do you presume to know better than she -does what is good for you? Notwery likely indeed. Don't want a railway, eh? How do you know what you want I should like to 'know.? Didn't I decide last year you should have-one ; yes, and you shall too. I was very near makingone last year, but have changed my mind. Don't want one to Lake :Kadnite, eh? No one lives there!! Nothing but scrub! What has that to do with it, Miss? If people don't live there they ought to do. Go at once and improve the scrub and grow wheat on it. ;I can grow wheat in the Murrey Scrub, and I'll have wheat grown in your scrub too. Don't know where Lake Kadnite is! Then -you ought to, and you must be seut to st&ool; for another -quarter to find out. Tou'd like to have the rail way carried to a township where a number of people live! What nonsense yea talk"! What is -the use of taking it to where people live? I have made up my mind to take it where nobody Kves. ;You see, my dear, I have changed -my mind and have found out a new principle, and it is the right one this time. Always make a railway through a new country where no one ever went before. Why, I am going to make one through the Great Desert next! ''here's an idea for you; and I shall give free selection there, and pay when convenient. There will be the opening for young men! What's that you say about roads ? Sooner have roads ? Like your impudence !! Hav'n't I decided against roads, and now you want ■to set up your opinion against your poor bid mother! Hav'n't I sent down all my great medicine men to examine you and see what was best for you, and must not the doctors know best? They prescribed a railway last year, and I prescribe another this year, and it is only your want of sense •that prevents you from seeing how much you re quire it. No. my dear; a railway you must have whether you like it or not. and I'll make it to Lake Kadnite, and if you say another word you sha'nt have a branch to Narracoorte; no you sha'nt, I say1.! ijust- because you are a wicked unruly girl. Ana don't let me ever hear you 6aying again I ! want this, I want that, but take what is given you 1 and look pretty. There now, go and put a clean pinafore on, and yon shall have a new jetty at iMacDonnell Bay, and I will send another doetor down soon, and mind you take what he gives you without pulling faces. Your anxious and afflicted mother. Adelaide.—Border Watch. : Bas News from Lake Hope.—By direct com munication, says our Blinmau correspondent ou August 27, from the extreme settled districts— Lake Hops and Koperamanna—the accounts are not altogether cheering. The water in the lakes had become salt inconsequence of the flood waters not having come down for many months, and it has become necessary to remove the cattle to the Finniss Springs. From all heard, the affray with the blacks, spoken of some weeks ago, has not been of so serious a character as was at first represented. The Stkathalbtn and Middleton Eailway. —With the arrival of the Commissary and The Goolwa with the long-expected and much-talked-of fishplates, the excuses of the Government for not proceeding with the Strathalbyn and Middleton Eailway must surely fade away. These vessels have reached our shores with satisfactory punc tuality, and we hope that no time will now be lost in layiDg the rails, so that the promise of the Commissioner of Public Works for the completion of the line by December next may be fulfilled.— Southern Argus. The Fab North Murder.—Our Blinmau corre spondent on August 27 writes reporting the capture of Eeuben. Ou Monday afternoon (24th) Police-troopers Gregory and Porter returned, having succeeded in capturing Ecu ben (the native), charged with the murder at Nilpena. They got him at Mount James, being assisted by a native named Tommy, who gave information as to his camping-place, and he was arrested in the middle of the night. There is a second charge against him for having in November last year <i.urdered Peter Franklin, a Port Lincoln native, at Beltana. Mr. H. C. Swan, S.M., being iu Blinnian when he was brought in, remanded him for a few days to procure the attendance of the witnesses. Sale of Brans. &c.;—Messrs. Parr & Luxmoore sold on Saturday a number of English birds, which arrived a few days ago by the Commissary and other vessels. Green linnets fetched 5s. 6d., rose linnets 9-=. 6d., and grey linnets 10s.; chaffinches, 4s. and 5s.; and one or two thrushes and black birds were sold at 23s. and his. respectively. A number of thrushes, goldfinches, and other birds shipped were lost on the voyage. There were also several Scotch and English terriers sold, at prices ranging from 15s. to about £2 apiece. Pibxe-street Band of Hope. — The third monthly meeting of the Pirie-street Wesleyan Band of Hope was held in the Lecture Hall on Friday evening, when the attendance was large considering the inclemency of the weather. The meeting was opened with singing and prayer, after which the President-the Ecv. J. G. Millard— offered a few remarks explanatory of the objects of the meeting. He then called upon M r. Maley, who briefly referred to the great evils flowing to humanity from the sin of intemperance, and con cluded with an appeal to his hearers to assist in checking its encroachments. Mr. Waddy recited "Look at the Clock," which kept the audience in continuous roars of laughter. Mr. Broad then briefly addressed the meeting. Several young men of the Society enlivened the proceedings with selections of music, Mr. A. Scott presiding at the harmonium. Votes of thanks to all concerned brought a very pleasant evening to a close. There were a number of adilitiona! signatures to the I pledge, bringing the total number up to 130. Reopening of the Victoria. — Among the passengers by the Coorong on Saturday was Mr. A. J. Solomon, the lessee of the Victoria, who has returned from a successful dramatic catering in Melbourne. He proposes to commence a new season this day week with the now celebrated Nathan Family. Since tbey left Adelaide the star of the Nathans has been in the ascendant, and it has culminated in a splendid ran at the Theatre Royal, Melbourne. The " infant prodigy1' Marion is now a fully-developed actress, and plays adult rCles to the admiration of the critics as well as of the public. The very unsentimental "Jaques" of the Australasian has recently been apostrophising her as follows:—"little Marion Nathan is a marvellous creature. Ton cannot pooh-pooh her as a merely precocious child. She is more than clever. Generally I do not like precocious children, either on or off the stage. They are obtrusively clever; they force their cleverness upon you. They insist upon your ad miring them whether you will or not, and they are therefore highly undesirable. There have been a good many precocious child-players on the Mel bourne stage, and most of them 1 have not liked. They have resembled too much the marionette; they have spoken and moved with glibness and much readiness, but they have spoken and moved mechanically, as if they were acting in obedience to some machine which the property-man or the prompter was turning. But Little Marion is not of this kind. She is to my thinking a bora actress. I believe she played many parts before she was weaned. When her biography shall be written, it will be found that she was a general utility lady at the age of two years, and at f our she was a star of considerable magnitude. 1 repeat that she- is a marvel." little Marion has no doubt many old friends here who will be glad to witness her sur prising progress, the more especially as she is about to pass into a higher sphere of dramatic art on the English stage. When she concludes her engagement in Adelaide she will return to Mel bourne to play a series of Shakspearian characters with Mr. Montgomery, beginning with Prince Arthur. The rest of the family are said also to have benefited by their travels, and the pieces they undertake are all well put on. After a few weeks weeks they will be joined by our old favourite Mr. Charles Toung, who is to accompany them to England. Mr. Solomon has engaged a good bur lesque company to succeed them, so that the old Victoria will have a fair trial under her new and not very favourable circumstances. It is due to the lessee to remind the public that since the house was last last closed it has been entirely renovated, and i6 now very superior in acoustic qualities, iu appearance, and in comfort to anything it has been before. Mr. Solomon has done everything in his power short of removing it to a better situation in ' order to bring back his old patronB. A double entrance has been made to the stalls, the same as in the opera season. The price of the dress circle i has been reduced to 4s. Season tickets are offered, as before, on liberal terms, and otber inducements held out, for details of which our readers had better consult Mr. Solomon's advertisement. The Foresters' Soiree. —A correspondent bas furnished us with the following:—"A grand soiree in aid of a proposed Benevolent Fund in connection with the Foresters was held in the Town Hall on Thursd.y evening. His Excellency the Acting Governor and a number of other dis tinguished patrons, including the Foreign Consuls and volunteer officers, made their appearance at an early hour; Colonel Hamley being honoured with a special volunteer escort. The room itself was tastefully and appropriately decorated, and the attendance was excellent in every part of the Hall. The chair was occupied by His Worship the Mayor, and a very long and attractive programme was introduced by the Chief Secretary (Hon. H. Ayers), who spoke the following prologue, written by Mr. G. B. Mitford for the occasion, with good effect:— Friends of the Bow and Lincoln Green, The Quiver aud the Bugle Horn; We meet upon this festive scene, For evening deeds that hail the morn. £n days of old when Fountain's Abbey stood, And Fork's dark forests sheltered Kobin Hood; When merry Sherwood laughed at monkish curse, Killed the King's deer, and purloined Prior's purse; Lord of the forest aud tbe King's highway. Decreed that moonlight was the dawn of day; When peer and peasant greenwood laws obeyed. And knights from Palestine their tribute paid; Bid Boyal Bichard, Coor-de-Lion stand, And grasp in friendship every arcber's hand That gallant outlaw—known to deathless fame Bequeathed your Urder its high honor'd name. From Ouse to Trent the forest was his own; From Trent to Torrens let his uame be known— Whe ever British hearts the poor befriend May Southern Foresters his name defend; Wherever pity hears the orphan's cry. May Foresters evince humanity; W herever widows' tears or griefs are known, Remember Robert, Earl of Huntingdon— So kind, so brave, so lawless, and so good— Old England's Forester and—Robin Hood— Give as he gave—be kind as he was true; And, as the poor bless'd him, shall then bless you! Men of the Bow, the Quiver, and the Horn! Whose feeling hearts your Order well adorn; The bow-stringB twang, the arrow's hurtling flight Shall be the emblem of your deeds to-night. Swift as the shaft that sped from F reedom's hand. Your deeds of good shall fly from land to land. By Fame's loud trumpet shall the world be told Australian Foresters have hearts of gold! For many a mourner, now with grief opprest, Shall yet rejoice, and. Foresters, be blest. Wherever gratitude shall kneel in prayer, The name of Forester is whispered there. And who shall tell?—'tis only time reveals The mighty answer to those mute appeals. Yet this we know—who gives unto the poor Has loaned to Banks where angels guard the door. Friends of the Bow! —Ye men of Lincoln Green! Whose deeds of charity the world bath seen: Whose Ancient Order bids tbe poor rejoice, And calls en me to raise my willing voice, As Forester and servant of that Crown Which justly claims tbe world's unbought renown: As worn by Her who owns the greatest part, And reigns beloved in every English heart! Here in these balls, with joy and mirth around. Where Unity, Benevolence, and Peace abound! I bid you welcome!—as a Friend and Brother, I challenge Foresters to aid each other! FriendB, who have rallied to this festive call. Accept my thanks, the grateful thanks of all; And let me say, before this meeting sever, May Forestry and Friendship last for ever. My task is done—kind Foresters adieu! May these my sentiments be felt by you. While Mirth and Music echo through this Hall, May Charity proclaim our festival. May Song ana Poetry promote your glee, As emblems fit for Sherwood memory. And ere these fleeting hours have paBs'd away, In lettered gold we'll mark this festive day: This legend twine upon our Greenwood Tree Concord, Benevolence, and Unity. The entertainment was of a miscellaneous cha racter, arranged literally so as to suit all tastes. The vocal music iell to the lot of Mrs. Proctor, Signor Abecco, Messrs. H. Gawler, L. Jagoe, V. Jagoe, and Master H. Burgess. The well-known ability of the whole of the performers renders com ment upon their performances superfluous. They were well up in their parts; and although it was no easy task to fill the room, for the most part they succeeded well in doiDg so. The vocal efforts of the Original Amateur Christy Minstrels, who, having been in existence for several years, have had the opportunity of rendering themselves tolerably proficient, ought not to be overlooked. In instrumental music, Mr. Ellard, Mr. C. Bowson, and Mr. Proctor each had a part assigned them, and the two former gentlemen executed the duet . "Lurline," on the piano and violoncello ad mirably. The Artillery Band in the gallery, j and the bells in the tower, which played and rung out at intervals, must not be omitted as forming an entertainment for the out side public, aud still coming witliin the category of instrumental music. Tbe elocutionary branch of tbe programme included the performances of Mr. P. M. Coleman and Mr. W. Townsend, M.P. The former confined himself to the Hibernian comic, in which he unquestionably excels aud the latter gave his well-known 'Defence of the Irish,' by Whiteside. A vote of thanks to the Chairman and the playing of the National Anthem closed a thoroughly successful soiree. It iiad been well arranged, it was well patronized, and tbe receipts will show a very respectable fund on their own account.'* The Southern Copper Mine.—The new mining venture, now called the Galatea, is being vigorously carried on. Since the proprietary list has been filled up there have been many applica tions from parties wishing to have an interest in the affair. We have heard of several offers for shares on which the first instalment of 10s. has paid, at a premium ranging from £1 to £2, but very few have changed hands even at that—Southern Argus. Fatal Accident at North-West Bend.—A fatal accident, which occurred near the North west Bend to a man named George Stewart, | driver of a ration cart attending Messrs. Reid's sheep, is reported by our Blanchetown correspon dent. His non- arrival at the camp alarmed his mates, who went in search of him, and found him lying on his face with the cart capsized upon him. It had turned over on a sideling, and fallen upon him. The cart being lifted, he was able to crawl from underneath, but before aid could be obtained I he died. An inquest was held by Mr. D. McLean, J. P., North-West Bend, and a verdict of accidental death was returned. The unfortunate man was steady and sober, and his sad end is much deplored by all who knew him. Crops in the South.—The agriculturists of the South have been highly gratified with tlic fine rains which have failea in great abundance along the Southern coast, and the excellent appearance of the crops in the neighbourhood of Port EUiot and Goolwa give rise to sanguine hopes of an abundant harvest next season.—Southern Argus. Heb Majesty and the Colony of New . South Wales.—A Government Gazette JSxtm ordinary has been published in Sydney, and for warded from the Colonial Secretary's Office at ' Sydney to "Sir J, H. Fisher on behalf of the inhabitants of South Australia." containing the following despatch from the Secretary of State relative to the attempted assassination of His Boyal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh:— " Downing-streec, June 18.1868. " My Lord—I have laid before the Queen your despatches, Nos. 35 and 36, of the 27th March and 1st April, in which you transmit the numerous^ addresses and resolutions occasioned by the attempted assassination of liis Boyal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh. "I am to inform you that not only does the Queen appreciate in the fullest manner the expres sions of unbounded loyalty and attachment to the - Boyal Family which this event has called forth, from the inhabitants of New South Wales, but - Her Majesty also feels in a peculiar degree, on their behalf, the indignation which they have - themselves displayed, that a colony so earnest in its affection to the person of its Sovereign should be made the scene of a traitorous attempt on the life of one of Her Majesty's sons. " Her Majesty is desirous that her sentiments on this point should be made known to the people of ' New South Wales, and com .uanils you to take at once the most fitting and effectual means for this- . purpose. "I have, &c.t; "Buckingham and Chakdos. "Governor the Bight Honourable the Earl of Belmore." A Miniature Steam-Engine. —We had an - opportunity on Monday of seeing a model eteam— - engine in action at Mr. VV. C. Bulk's warehouse Bundle-street. This philosophical toy is about eight inches in height, and steam is got up by a small lamp placed underneath the boiler, which is raised upon a tripod. The pressure of the steam., works the piston, aDd this motion is communicated to the fly-wheel, which is made to revolve with great velocity. This ingenious piece of mechanism arrived by the Goolwa last week, and is from the establishment of Messrs. G. Richardson & Co., Liverpool. The " Distinguished Visitor" oh His Travels.—The Brisbane Courier contains the following paragraph with reference to the "Count"' who lately victim-zed some of the Sydney folk:— "It is pretty well known that the illustrious stranger who lately honoured our poor city with his presence, under the style, title, and dignity of the Count von Attems, is the individual who in our - - Sydney telegram of Tuesday was said to have-- : obtained large advances in that city on fictitious papers. We are sony to say that be managed during his short stay here to walk into the good graces of some of our citizens, and to make rather heavy drafts on their bankers. His countsbip, it {will be remem bered, left Brisbane in that renowned craft, the Hamlet's Ghost, the history of which vessel ' ought to be written some day; and he has last been heard of at Cleveland Bay. A warrant is out for his apprehension, and troopers have been dispatched overland from Port Denison to secure him if pos sible before he makes a descent on our friends in Batavia. We failed to notice the count as he de served when he was in Brisbane; but should he visit us again, especially with tbe order which the Sheriff of Queensland desires to confer on him on his breast, and Mr. Seymour's decorations at his wrist, we shall endeavour to make amends for our former neglect of Son Altesse." The Does of Edinburgh's Present to the Zoological Gardens.—The Field states tha . "His Royal HighnesB the Duke of Edinburgh brought to England a small collection of animals, which he has presented to the Zoological Society, and which is now placed in the Gardens. The collection includes a fruit-eating bat (Pteropns), ... a specimen of Smith's ichneumon (Herpestes Smithii), This, which came from Ceylon and is ' very tame, was noted as a destroyer of cobras and other venomous snakes. Also a Dasyure. a Vulpine Thalanger, and a singular little long-necked Chelo diue, or water tortoise. This pre'ty little reptile,* which is about as large as a crown-piece, lived for-' a long time in a globe suspended in His Royal Highncss'8 cabin, being fed on flies and other animal substances. Its habits are purely aquatic; it coming to the surface of the water to breathe and take its food; rising, if hungry, to the top imme diately a living fly is placed tn the water, and taking its prey down to the lower depthB of the vessel in order to devour it." Annual Steeplechase.—The following accep-t, ances for the Annual Steeplechase on October 1 were declared at the Globe Inn, Rundle-Btreet, ec>. Wednesday, September 2 st. lb.. Mr. P. Doudy's br.g. Unknown, aged ... 11 5 Mr. J. Mullins's b.g. Lightfoot, aged ... 10 9 Hon. J. Baker's br.g. Monk, 6 yrs. ... 10 5... Mr. R. Correll's g.g. Dominick, aged ... 10 5. .. Mr. H. Lewis's b.g. Grimalkin, aged ... 012.* Mr. T. W. Morau's b.g. Plenipo, 5 yrs.... 9 8 The Duke of Edinburgh.—We have been favoured with a letter received by Mr. David Eandall, from which we make the following extracts. It is dated Windsor, July, 1868, and » from one of the Prince's attendants, who says:— 'I was totally unable to comply with your request,, and give you a clear description of the unfortunate* affair that led to our sudden departure fcom the colonies; hut I trust you have all recovered from the disgust you muse naturally have felt, in common with the whole of Australia, at its occurrence. You. are no doubt now convinced that no stain on the: colonies even appeared to exist through any pre judice on the side of the English public against them; and even had the issue been fatal, no blame, whatever would ever have been attached to them-. The health of the Duke has been improving' rapidly—in fact, is now entirely re-established; so that it requires very inodeiate care to make hiut uite well. 1 have often thought of the different portions of the colonies we visited, and came to no other conclusion than that Adelaide was the quietest and best arranged welcome and recep tion of His Boyal Highness of any. Nothing was undeitaken which was not entirely carried out, and the only fault was that many of us were but ill-, prepared to pay you sufficient attention. The* vessel has sustained no particular injury during her voyage, and our passage home waf a remarkably pleasant one, although we weie 81 days en route There were many who regretted leaving Australia so soon I think. The future movements of His Boyal Highness have not at present been decided upon, but we shall in all probability make another cruise in the course of three months. We may also cross the Line, but not to South Australia, The - whole of His Boyai Highness's presents were reviewed the other day by the memners of the Boyal Family, and were duly praised. The whele proceedings in the colonies surprised tnem. They had no idea what the resources were. It often struck me how lavishly presents were bestowed on the Prince, and 1 do hope that where any benefit is to be derived from it you may ultimately obtain it." The Debate on the Waste Lands Act Amendment Bill.—We are requested by Mr. Hughes to correct a verbal error in the report of yesterday's debate, the word sheepfarming" having been printed instead of "squatting." It should have read—"Mr. Glyde referred to Mr. Hughes having said that he had no interest in 'squatting.' Mr. Hughes replied, 'Nor have L'" Mr. Hughes desires to repeat that he has no personal interest whatever in squatting, but has a small model slieepfarm on purchased lands at Wellington. Gfobs at Mount Gambier.—There are not nearly so many complaints of the grub at Mount Garobier as there were, though 1 hese pests seem ' determined that not even a cabb.vc shall be grown in some of the gardens. Central Koad Boabd.—The usual meeting of the Board was held on Tuesday. i;i mber 1. The reports of the Superintend!!]- >:ir>tyors in the North, North- Eastern, an-.lNorih-We.-tern Districts were read, and a large amount -.f correspondence dealt with. The Death op Dean Hates.—Tho Cork Examiner of June IS sa:> sA few line3 in our issue of yesterday anrioiu.ecd mi event that will be read of with regret by most >:.i our readers in the south of Del and and by at the anti podes. The Very Ejv. James B. H s v^s, Dean of Melbourne, died on Wednesday, at Gayfield, Douiiyhrook, near Dublin, after ku s* illness. Dean Hayes was for many y.a - a member of the Augustinian Order in this city. v. hie;: he quitted only for the Australian Mission. A! Melixuroe his excellent qualities, both a- u citiztn and a priest, soon won the admiration they deserved, and his friends at home visc pr.,ud to learn at the same time of his- a-ivanccs in eccle siastical dignity, and of the n;.ii harvest of esteem he was gathering. For his i.e.-.- sphere he was admirably acapted. With .J] ;!ie zeal that became a priest he united the gentleness - and tolerance, and knew how < o u ioi:cile the most earnest discharge of his dmb? the most uniform kindness and toleiat'-nn. His character was full of energy, and lo-.-ii-.-r:. u? important Catholic undertakings 111 Au.-tmi.-u. row stand as witnesses of hisunresistivgacrivby. He was heart and soul an Irishman, and many prospering in the colony have reason to- i k.l- the warmth i of feeling which inspired the'r \ e nvr-ued country man to lend them a helping ban on their arrival. There were few etnigrm?. ;v -: els carrying Irishmen to Australia which <1 ■ ■ -„cv liear also a bundle of letters of nitroducti- ru ; Van Hcjes, and the help sought for was, wi' h rtinction of I creed, ever readily granied. . only after ' many years of such us:fulnes- > ' leign clime that Dean Hayes made up his ■ to revisit his native land. iris coming hit;: .;- sag welcomed with the most cordial Rintvrn.. n.;n by the old friends to whom he was known . ; . < leaving this country, and by those who ha-ttogive him their respect and e-.teen; beeai: of she good he had done to our countrymen i-loIt was, we believe, his intention to have ••i:-: '.-.' Borne, and then to have returned io Uist<:.;•:< :!-is year. An i unexpected illness has. bo-rev -: f. :,.-t=ated those intentions, and deprived the (VC.-ilv 1 Ihurch of a pure-minded, benevolent, ai d ■ Hilary mieBt. Ireland has lost in him a wort - and Cork a former fellow-citizen of whom i-5v good reason to be proud. It is impossib!? I- ;■ - ' "W great will be the grief of those who hs.l vincsscf his. intimacv, and hr.d thorougl ly , ;d the depths of his kindly genial n -ture. 