A SHEPHERD'S REVERIE. CHAPTER IV. Impelled by good news how wonderfully quick one can walk ! At the end of the last chapter the reader saw me joyously bounding on my homeward way: I had now traversed, the plain and had arrived at our hut ere I was aware of it. My mate had not yet retired to rest. He was sitting brooding o'er the fire; and as I entered, almost noiselessly, l observed him looking absorbedly at the only book he was able to read — to wit, the portrait before named. "Mate;" he said— (for he had heard me enter, but had never removed his eyes from the treasure)— " mate, don't you think its getting a trifle dimmer?' "Dimmer!" I answered: "No, Dick, my boy, — its brighter than ever ! — it's alive !" Dick appeared greatly rejoiced at this opi- nion; and reaching to the side of the fire, he handed me a pot of tea, which, as was his wont, he had prepared for his absent mate. "Well," said he, " where did you leave the old gentleman?— I s'pose you went nearly all the way with him !" "Yes, Dick, I went right to their camp; and, late as it was, Mr. Meadowcroft would make me come in for awhile. . . . Don't you think," I enquired, " he's a very fine old fellow?" Dick (looking me full in the face) said, Yes ; he was the best old chap he had ever met with. This, from my mate, was a very high en- comium — the highest, perhaps, he had ever passed on a human being. The world, to him, had been by no means full of Meadowcrofts. Dick — (for it is necessary I should give a slight biography of him) — was, in truth, one of those poor Old-World waifs to whom the wilds of Australia have proved the only haven open to them under God's sweet sky. Born and bred a criminal, little chance indeed had he in decent, dainty Christendom ! His father (himself of the class of hereditary criminals), however much he might have desired to remove his miserable offspring from the infernal atmo- sphere of his native world — the Cimmerian cellar, full of reeking pollution, blasphemy, and utter lawlessness — was powerless to do so. There was only one in all London who would have assisted him in carrying out such a de- sire; and him; ten to one, he had never heard of — or if he had happened to have done so, he would surely have mocked at the bare notion of a lord ever being a saviour. Christened at a gin-palace — an associate, from his infancy, with thieves and criminals of either class— what moral chance, amidst all that festering infamy, had poor Dick ? None; — none what- ever. He told me so frequently ; and on one occasion, when I read to him, in our halcyon hut in the wild, that ineffable "charity ser- mon " yeleped " A Christmas Carol " (by one Charles Dickens), he absolutely wept, when I came to the passage where " Scrooge," looking intently at the Spirit of Christmas's robe, says : — " But I see something strange, and not belonging to yourself, protruding from your skirts. Is it a foot or a claw ?" "It might be a claw, for the flesh there is upon it," was the Spirit's sorrowful reply. . . " ' Look here.' " From the foldings of its robe, it brought two children ; wretched, abject, frightful, miserable. They knelt down at its f..... and clung upon the out- side of its garment. "Oh, Man ! look here. Look, look, down here !" exclaimed the Ghost. They were a boy and girl. Yellow, meagre, ragged, scowling, wolfish ; but prostrate, too, in their humi- lity. Where graceful youth should have filled their features out, and touched them with its freshest tints, a stale and shrivelled hand like that of age, had pinched, had twisted them, and pulled them into shreds. Where angels might have sat enthroned, devils lurked, and glared out menacing. No change, no degradation, no perversion of humanity, in any grade, through all the mysteries of wonderful crea- tion, has monsters half so horrible and dread. Scrooge started back, appalled. Having them shown to him in that way, he tried to say they were fine children ; but the words choked themselves, rather than be pa---- to a lie of such enormous magnitude. " Spirit! are they yours ?" Scrooge could say no more. " They are Man's," said the Spirit, looking down upon them. "And they cling to me, appealing from their fathers. This boy is Ignorance. This girl is Want. Beware of them both, and all of their de- gree but most of all beware this boy, for on his brow I see that written which is Doom, unless the writing is erased." I stated that when I came to the above passage (on readi-- the third or fourth time that beautiful S-------he whom I thoroughly believe God had ------ me into the wilderness to comfort, absolute ---pt. That Boy and Girl appealed to him w--- derfully they were in fact, whilom living --alities — himself and the very sister we had seen a short time pre- viously! But the writing on the brows of both had been " erased" — by dear, good old munificent- hearted Meadowcroft ! " Dick," said I, sipping the tea he had pre- pared for me, " did you hear that they were going to remove me from this station ?" "No, I didn't," said Dick (tartly) ;— "and what's more, they daren't do it!" Now, the above absolute style of speaking might, to those unaware of the autocratic power possessed on the station by Dick, appear rather remarkable. The fact was, that my mate was widely known as the most skilful and in- valuable shepherd on the Darling Downs. Flockowners competed for him. Magistrates of the territory greeted him ever smilingly, familiarly, and kindly. Yes — (such power hath circumstance ;) — the very gentlemen who, as part of a " grand jury " in the old country, might, perhaps, have been employed in bring- ing in, for the fourth or fifth time, a " true 'bill" against the poor, inevitable, hereditary gaol-bird, were, out here, his truest, firmest, and most substantial friends and patrons ; and I apprehend our then excellent employer— whom Dick had ever " stuck to " (to use his own expressive term) — because, in the "old times," when did he ever have a poor fellow's back lacerated, for " silent contempt," or the like ? Never. On the other hand, when that dainty official, the "flogging magistrate," went his rounds of mercy, didn't Mr. S . . . . . n, invariably bolt into the bush " — take horse, and secrete himself " anywhere, anywhere out of the world," from the contamination of so very unassimilative a presence !— always tell- ing "Old Harry" (the sardonic cook) to say that he " wasn't at home," and that he had " no commands whatever for him," — until the slighted dignitary became so disgusted with the station at which he could never either get a martyr, or (from that "insolent, grinning old scoundrel in the kitchen ") a meal, that he at length gave it up as a bad job altogether,— trotting away with the triangles — and his con- federate, the flogger — in some different and more likely direction, as his monthly " circuit" came round.—— I was impulsively led to this digression, thinking it but right that one who knew of these things, and had heard them frequently and exultantly spoken of on the station, should record them ; and let it be added further, that, although this true gentle- man may never see these lines, yet, having personally experienced his kindness, the pre- sent writer feels great pleasure in stating that, on the whole Darling Downs, there is not a better, kinder, or more liberal employer. Many shepherds, in losing a few sheep, know to their sorrow, that they are, on most stations, charged with them; but Mr. S ...... n never did this ; — no man's cheque was ever, on his station, a sheep the less at the end of his three, six, or twelve months. . . As, under the new Act, that (to my thinking) beautiful locality is soon destined to be filled up, I trust that, while his material prosperity may never be a whit the less, my whilom employer may obtain — as he richly deserves— the esteem and respect of all. . . . . But to my fiction again — if fiction it can be called; for(accord- ing to Leigh Hunt) "Fiction is Truth in another shape, and gives it as close embraces;" — and strange as Fiction itself to me is the thought that the very scene of the present "Reverie," where, only a short time ago, the wild dog's howl was the only sound that broke the silence, should be already vocal with human voices ! . . . . I said (or was about to say) that I apprehended our excellent em- ployer would as little have thought of seeing my friend Dick before him — the magistrate of the territory — in the character of a criminal, as he would one of his own flesh and blood ! He knew Dick as the respectable, indefati- gable, and thoroughly conscientious curator of flocks, and not by any means as the ex-cri- minal ; and moreover (as Dick was well aware) had issued strict orders that this trusty "shep- herd king " was not to be interfered with, either in his choice of huts or hutmates. Hence Dick's asseveration, or threat, when I hinted about their removing me from him — " They darn't do it !" One of the fondest recollections of my life is the cognisance of having gained, during my residence in the bush, a few of these poor, desolate, waif-hearts ! Law had tried its best with them ; but, with all its lacerations (which even fiends might have trembled to witness),it had signally failed to " reform " or humanise them. Love— in other words, simple, human kindness — was the " gentle rain from heaven " which transmuted— ay (albeit it may, be smiled at by some), transfigured these men ! Man, with all his devilry, could not, to my know- ledge, quite extinguish the particle of Deity ; although, apparently (with slack lime on lace- rated backs, and so forth), he had tried his very utmost to accomplish that awful feat. * * * * * * I had been silent for some time, looking" alternately at the fire and my old hutmate Dick. "What are you thinking of, printer," at length he said. (He had the fashion, some- times, of addressing me, by my city craft) " I was thinking, Dick," I said, placing my hand on his shoulder, " that this is the happiest day in my — as to-morrow will be in your — existence !" "How's that?" enquired he. "Why;" I answered, " would not to-morrow, think you, Dick, be the happiest day you had ever known, supposing that you could see her" ——and I pointed to the portrait, which he still held in his hand. "I can't understand you," he said. " Well, then, not to keep you longer in per- plexity," I said, " I may tell you that, amongst the party I have been visiting to-night is the original of that portrait and her mother!" " What !" said Dick, his eyes dilating with astonishment. "Simply that the real, live, breathing, beau- tiful little Gertrude is, at this moment sleeping in one of the tents across tho creek yonder !" Poor Dick's look of wonder at this moment would have formed a splendid subject for a painting. I then related the whole circumstance of my discovery ; not forgetting the proposal of Mr. Meadowcroft that we should both join the co-operative party. Before I had finished, Dick had walked slowly to the door. I would not disturb him. He was looking out into vacancy— perhaps straining his eyes across the creek ; albeit, had it been mid-day, he could not, I opine, at that moment, have seen even so large an object as a tent. " But does Mr. Meadowcroft know" he said, returning slowly to me;—" does he know who l am?" — and his breast laboured strangely, and he wiped his cheek with his rough blue frock. " Yes, my poor Dick" I said, "your dear sister (who is also in that tent) has told him about you ; and his benevolent heart yearns to bring you together — never more to part. To- morrow, he says, you must come without fail." As I said this, Dick pressed my hand — tremulously. Then, passing silently over to his bunk, he laid himself gently down — his face turned from all — save One. (To be continued.) 