THE NEW GOVERNOR. Whatever else might have been in the English news, the appointment of a new Governor would have been to us the most important item. But as it so happens that the mail brings hardly any general news at all, the greater prominence may be given to our own speciality. From various sources we have gleaned a large amount of additional information about Sir James Fergusson, which, for the conve- nience of our readers as well as from regard to the dignity of the subject, we present here in a collected form. In justice to our London Correspondent, it should be stated that the meagreness of that part of his letter is due to the excision of all the biographical detail, which was in sub stance a repetition of what we published a month ago. To show that our estimate of Sir James Fergusson's character is in accor- dance with the opinions of higher authorities at home, the closing paragraphs of our original notice may be reproduced : — 'Our new Governor's father, Sir Charles Dalrymple Fergusson, was born in 1830, and married a daughter of the Right Hon. David Boyle, Lord Justice General of Scotland. Their eldest son James, the present baronet, was born in 18S, and is, therefore, in the prime of life. His birthplace was Edinburgh, but he received hu education at Rugby and Oxford. Having been destined for a military career, the Crimean war offered him an opportunity of seeing active service. His first commission was that of lieutenant in the Grenadier Guards. He had not been long gazetted when his regiment was ordered out to the Crimea; nor had he been lone in the camp before he had to stand fire at Inkerman. He narrowly escaped with his life, and the wounds he received disabled him from further service during the campaign. While in hospital he had a very peculiar proof of sympathy and respect given him by his Ayrshire friends. They voluntarily returned him for the county at the general election in 1S51. Next year he came home a captain of Grenadiers and a member of Parliament. Having decided for St. Stephens against the Horse Guards, he sold out, and entered Parliament as a Liberal Conservative. 'Sir James Fetgusson has throughout his Parliamentary career exhibited a full allowance of the shrewdness with which his countrymen are generally credited. That useful quality, combined with vigour of character, gradually raised him out of the rank and file of Conservatism. But when his prospects had begun to assume a rosy hue. they' were suddenly clouded by an unexpected defeat at the hustings. He had only been two years in Parliament when Lord Palmerston sent him back to his constituents on the famous Con- spiracy Bill. The general election of 1S57 was a decisive struggle between the new Conservatives and the new Liberals— between Derby and Palmer ston. It took a Liberal turn in Ayrshire, and Sir James Fergusson lost the seat which had been spontaneously tendered to him a couple of years before. When his friends came into office in 1853 they were not unmindful of him. He was appointed a Deputy Lieutenant of the County and Lieutenant-Colonel of the Ayrshire Militia— the earnest hope of futuie favours. In the end of 1859 he had another chance of con testing his old seat, and this time fortune was on his side. She has ever since remained faithful to him, and his progress has been steady if not brilliant. Lord Derby recognised his business talents in giving him the Under-Secretaryship of the Home Department— a good beginning on the official ladder for a comparatively young politician. To us his selection for Buck a post may be some guarantee that he brings into the colonial servics more than average administrative capability. Rs having occupied it for a considerable time should be a further guarantee that he has gained some official experience. In the House of Commons Sir James Fergusson has generally ranked— as most Scotch members do —among the 'practical' men. Ue has been a respectable, though not a prominont debater, and he has had his full share of Committee work. As a local representative he has exhibited an industry and perseverance which would win the heart of any colonial constituency. Two years ago his Con servative creed might have excited some distrust, but Mr. Disraeli's Household Suffrage Bill has demolished all these party distinctions. The political atmosphere of England has so com* pletely changed that for the next few years Conservatism may feel more at home in democratic Au train. However much modifi cation the opinions of Sir James Fergusson may have received from recent events, we may be Bure that if we do not thrust our abstract pro clivities upon him he will not thrust his upon us. Unlike Pope Hennessy, he has never coveted notoriety in party politics. Nor is he likely to make that other equally serious and more natural mistake of attempting to overawe us with the dignity of impetial statesmanship. He hat been a country gentleman as well as a member of Parliament He has served his own county with as great zeal as the nation at large. In that narrower sphere he must have learned much which will be useful to him in South Australia. He will also have acquired a moderation of tone and of ideas such as is not cultivated in Downing street. Sir James Fergusson is a member of the Esta blished Church of Scotland, and one of the most influential laymen in it. He has been a frequent attendant at the General Assembly, and has freely given his services to its business Committees. He was till a very recent date Chairman of a National Committee for raising the stipends of the parish ministers. The family for many generations have been stanch Presbyterians. Sir James married, in 1S59, Edith Christian, daughter of the late Marquis of Dalhousie, who was Governor- General of India from 1817 to 1856. By her he has bad three children— a son, bom in 1SC5, and two daughters born since. The first comments on the appointment appear to have come from an Opposition organ — the Morning Post. That paper in its issue of August 31 revived the rumour which had originally appeared in the Owl a fortnight before, and been contradicted. It explained that 'electioneering difficulties had originated these official denials of news* paper truths,' and concluded with a very gracious approval of both appointments. 'In both selections,' it said, 'the Duke of Buckingham has acted most wisely. In the case of Mr. Du Cane, he has succeeded in inducing a country gentleman and county member to take a distant Governorship for the advantage of Imperial interests; while, as regards Sir James Fergusson, His Grace has persuaded an Under Secretary of State with a home career before him to abandon it for the cares and responsibilities of the chief of a great colony.' A few days later Sir James published his farewell address to the electors of Ayr shire. We give it in its entirety from the Scotsman of August 5, because, though the contents may not in themselves be of much interest to ub, they show traits of character in the writer which, we believe, will com mend him to his future subjects. They also help to explain circumstances connected with the appointment — the delay and contradic. tory rumours, for instance — which have not tended to advance the Colonial Secretary in our esteem r — 'TO THE ELECT0E3 OF THE COUSTT OP AYR. 'Ayr. August 4, 1868. 'Gentlemen— Her Majesty has been pleased to appoint me to the Governorship of South Aus tralia, and I have thereby ceased to be your repre sentative in the present Parliament— a position which I have had the high honour to fill, in all, for nearly 12 years. 'It has not been without great reluctance and hesitation that I have accepted this appointment, and only after a somewhat long delay, which the Secretary of State has, with much consideration, allowed me. I am happy, however, to know that neither the public service nor your interests have suffered thereby, as up to the present moment I have been constantly occupied m my official and Parliamentaiy duties. ' I believe that the post to which I have been appointed iB one offering a wide and useful career, and I trust that, in my acceptance of it, you will recognise that no discredit has been done to the county with which I have been so long identified. It may be needless to disclaim, and yet I cannot abstain from doing so, that a desire for personal aggrandizement has been a leading consideration with me in accepting an office of considerable profit; and I would fain hope that you, who know me so well, will ascribe no lower motive than an honourable ambition. ' Since my first possession of a seat in Parlia ment, I have, before all things, desirea worthily to represent the county of Ayr and our country of Scotland; and it will be a foremost thought in my mind, when far removed from among you, that my public life has been entirely founded upon the confidence you have shown me, and the high dis tinction you have conferred upon me. 'Although the propriety of my now accepting office may not be questioned by any. I would still assure you that I should not have done so had I not been aware that there are, on both sides of politics, gentlemen as well known, and probably better qualified, who will be at once available to take mv place. 'I snail trust yet to have an opportunity of meeting many of you in public, and explaining the part which I have lately borne in the affairs of Parliament; and at this time I will only claim from you the credit of having used my best ability and industry in your service. 'Since I have occupied a subordinate but not inactive offiw under the present Administration, my duties have been less conspicuous than as an independent member of Parliament; but I believe that I have been enabled to serve you with not less efficiency than formerly, and especially iu having been one of those in charge of that measure whereby the constituency has been greatly though not unduly, extended, and one of the seven addi tional seats conceded to Scotland has been granted to this important and progressive county *». tAiter- yT yejre- sa™x' ic « true 'ha' the thought is forced upon me how little after all I have accomplished with all the means of useful ness entrusted to me. This may-nay, must-be the reflection of every one who realizes how far short of performance come all human aims and aspirations. l'fieal as is the pain with which I take leave of you, I shall ever retain a grateful recollection of our agreeable and friendly connection ; and I am proud to record, at the moment of parting, my belief that at no previous period haa my holdupon your sup port and confidence been firmer. 'I am, Gentlemen, ' Tour obedient and most grateful lemnt, ' Jasob FiBGuaaow.' The next extract, from the. Edinburgh Cwrant, maybe regarded as the farewell of the Scptcb. Conservatives to their rising colleague. With greater command of per Bonal knowledge than could be expected from the London Press, it is able to furnish a betterportrait, and to criticise with greater minnteness. The high tribute paid to Sir James as a legislator- is to us hardly more significant than the finishing touches about his local popularity. ' If the Duke of Buckingham will insist on giving us Governors direct from Downing-street or St Stephen's, he must guard ajanut the danger of their having tw* much of the Imperialist. That extrem^ however, is not to be apprehended in the case of any Governor who can be trnlr and impartially described as ' an active county gentleman, a friend of the Church, an industrious official and representative, a moderate and consistent politician.' A few months ago the Spectator was complimenting the Scotch members on the way in which they governed their counties, and the subjoined extract from the Courant proves that Sir James Fergusson specially deserves such a compliment : — 'By the retirement of Sir James Fergusson from the representation of the County of Ayr, and his appointment to the Governorship of South Australia, the country has lost the home services, at aU events, of one of its most industrious ser vants. For 12 years in all Sir James has repre sented Ayrshire in Parliament, and he has dis tinmiished himself pre-eminently at once by his faithfulness as a representative, and by the assiduity with which he has discharged the onerous official duties which latterly fell to his lot He was a very young man when he first entered Parliament, and even now, when leaving it, he is just reaching the age when most men look forward to a brilliant administrative career. Yet he had already taken his position as a member of Parlia ment, and the energy with which he threw himself into his work soon enabled him to master those questions which are peculiarly connected with Scutch legislation; and the univeisal satisfaction with which he acquitted himself— when, for the short time that preceded the Lord Advocate becoming member for Thetford, he was virtually the only representative of the Government that Scotland had- showed at once that he knew even more than his special depart mental work, and tliat he was able to do it in a proper and acceptable way. During the present session he has Veen an iuvaluable auxiliary to the Lord Advocate in the arduous work of carrying through the Scotch Kefonu Bill which has now become law, as well as in hastening the progress of the other measures which that gentleman has, in spite of the obstacles that the obstructive policy of a factious Opposition threw in the way of their completion, carried to a happy issue. No Scotch constituency, whether we regard Sir James Fergusson as a simple 'independent' representative or as Under-Secretary for the Home Department, has had a more constant exponent of its views ihan the county of Ayr, and, to do it full justice, no con stituency has been more attached to its representa tive. He has peculiar claims upon the gratitude of members of the Church of Scotland, for he has ever been a watchful guardian of its interests, and he has distinguished himself in particular by his anxiety to see its extension by means of those of its schemes that have been specially intended for this end— the Endowment Scheme, and that for the Augmentation of Small Livings. An active and popular county gentleman, a friend of the ChurcL, an industrious official and representative, a moderate but consistent politician, Sir James Ferguson has gained a reputation that too few ?nembers of Parliament, and particularly at his years, have succeeded in gaining: and it is only on the assurance that he will discharge his new and scarcely, if at all, less difficult duties as one of our colonial representatives of the Empire, that we do not hail his retirement with feelings of unmingled regret' From another point of viaw we have the evidence of the Standard-JJhe Conservative organ in London. It indicates how Sir James's position and prospects have been regarded in Ministerial circles. While the logs of a diligent Under-Secretary was regretted, much was evidently expected of the new Governor. The Standard extract is as fol lows : — 'The retirement of Sir James Fergusson from the post of Under-Seoretary of State for the Home Department is another loss to the working power of the Administration; but we may, as in the case of Mr. Du Cane, congratulate our countrymen in South Australia upon the decision of the Premier. Sir James has accepted the Governorship of that colony, and we may fairly say that he is likely to prove the most popular Governor South Australia has had. Although still young, he has served his country in the army, and filled the post of Under secretary for India before occupying his present office. His personal qualities will render him as welcome to the people of South Australia as his business faculties will recommend nun to the official class.' There are two sides to most questions, and to this one also; but we are glad to find them in the main agreeing so closely, The Liberal Press has had its say about Sir James, and when we remember how diffe rently the two sets of journalists can talk on most subjects, we naturally look for Liberal abuse as the counterpart of Conservative praise. But even our very Radical friend the Spectator has omitted its usual growl At the Colonial Secretary in recording the appoint ment ; while the Daily News has got out of a state of chronic scolding into mild approval. The Spectator, though it expressed no direct opinion at the time, had subsequently an op portunity of taking a cynical fling at Sir James and Mr. Du Cane. It dragged them in by way of contralto poor Lord Mayo and his Governor-Generalship of India. Compared with the Earl it finds them praise worthy, and even recommends the Duke of Buckingham to distribute more of them among the colonies. The article alluded to commences thus : — ' We do not see much to cavil at in the appoint ment of Mr. DuCane to the. Governorship of Tas mania, or that of Sir James Fergusson to South Australia. The Scotch baronet has not done much as Under-Secretary for India, and his enemies call the member for North Essex a 'Brummagem Disraeli ;' but they have both made a kind of mark in Pailiament, both have had some official training, both are as qualified to preside over the Cabinets of ordinary free colonies a3 any Governors the colonists are likely to obtain, and both are men of character. ThoBe who object scarcely know, we fear, how bad some of these colonial appointments have now and then been— what stupid men, and ]zzy men, and dis honest men Her Majesty's subjects have occa sionally been called upon to respect as her repre sentatives. Mr. Du Cane will not be intoxicated half his time, as the colonists say of one Governor; nor will Sir James Fergusson try to make an iliici purse for himself, as another was suspected of doing; nor will either of them be as absolutely inaccessible to reason as many a fine old soldier rewarded for doing the work he understood by per mission to do work he knew nothing about. Such appointments are perhaps a little hard on the service, which sees itself despoiled of two greatly desired prizes; but it is quite a moot point whether the colonial service ought to be made a close profession; and if outsiders are admitted at all second-chop statesmen are pre ferable candidates to Court favourites, woraout Generate, or broken-down members of the higher aristocracy. They at least understand what free government means, can believe that an Opposition is not worthy of death because it opposes, and have learnt to tolerate and use energetic criticism. We should not wonder at all if Mr. Du Cane be came very popular in Hobart Town, or if Sir James Fergusson left Adelaide with a reputation for financial ability: and even if they fail, it is not fair to accuse the Ministry of recklessness be cause they think average Under-Secretariea will make rather more than average representatives of the Crown in colonies governed by the people themBelvea. It would be well for the colonies if men with a chance in English political life sought such appointments more eagerly than they do.' These sketches and incidental allusions set the ' coming man' before us as he has figured in Imperial politics. If he can only adapt himself as well to his new sphere as to the wider one in which he has been trained, we shall have a good Governor and he will have a prosperous administration. The ' honourable ambition,' of which he speaks to his Ayrshire constituents, will not be unfruitful either to himself or to us. The usefulness he anticipates is not likely to be hindered byany local prejudice or mistrust. If his testimonials, so to speak, receive a candid perusal, as we are sore they will, they must pave the way for an enthusiastic reception. As far as present appearances go, the new regime will commence with a great advan tage over some of its predecessors— a cordial understanding between Governor and governed. The only regret that can new suggest itself to the public mind is the un certainty of the future arrangements. A late telegram intimates that Mr. Du Cane, who was appointed only a few days before Sir James, had sailed in the Sobraon ; bat we understand that no communication what* ever regarding our own. Governor has yet been received from the Colonial Office. The Duke of Buckingham must have a great friendship for the Australian Press when he allows it to forestall him by a couple of months with news of this sort. Court op Disputed Returns.— The Court of Disputed Returns will tit this morning in what is known a* the Crown Solicitor's Boom, Supreme Court, tin main building being occupied for the Civil Sittings. Is » probable that under thtcir cunutancN the \mum will not be PNcwded wife THEATRE ROYAL.-Madame Carandini gave her seventh concert of operatic and miscellaneous music on Monday evening at the Theatre Royal. There was but a small attendance. The programme contained a choice and varied collection of vocal music, including some sparkling airs, duets &c.;, from the operas. The classic compositions of Balfe, Arditi and Wallace were interspersed with several of the best solos and concerted pieces of such popular composers as Barnet and Glover, and He entertainment was further diversified by the introduction of some sterling national songs. In the first part the following pieces were very warmly applauded:— 'One Gentle Heart,' by Madame Carandini: 'I'll watch for Thee,' by Miss Rosina; and 'Jessie's Dream,' by Miss Fannie, which evoked an encore as hearty as it was unanimous. The second part consisted of the never- wearying domestic song 'Father, Come Home,' which, as usual, was listened to with rapt attention, and was acknowledged with a full round of applause. Miss Rosina Carandini and Mr. Sherwin opened the ball in the third part with the favourite duetto from the first act of 'Maritana,' in which the heroine expresses to Don Jose her wish that 'of fairy wand she had the power' that she might 'dance to music's melody' by ' marble fount in orange bower,' and all that sort of thing. These sundered extracts from the operas neces- sarily lose much of their specific attractiveness by the operation to which they have been subjected. Amputation is a painful process. It is difficult to judge of a landscape from a sight of a single tree, or to form a correct idea of the architectural beauties and proportions of a stately building by an exami- nation of but one or two of its columns. So of operatic music. Its peculiar charms are half con- cealed by this piecemeal process of selection. Yet when such selections are interpreted by artistes of such rare gifts and accomplishments as are now performing at the Royal, the audience forget these drawbacks, and abandon themselves to the spell thrown around them by the magic of sweet sounds. It was so on Monday evening, and it is so every evening. The popularity of the company has con- tinued to increase from the first night of their per- formances till now. Most of the other pieces included in the second part were extremely well received, particularly 'The Bonnie Hills of Scot- land,' by Miss Fannie, who was encored, and substituted the ever delightful 'Kathleen Mavour- neen.' As usual the duet 'Trust her not' had to be repeated. It never seems to lose its charm. This evening the performances are under the patronage of His Excellency the Acting Governor and Mrs. Hamley, when it is to be hoped there will be a large audience. Maltreating a Horse.— On Monday evening a blackfellow came into town on a horse which had evidently met with some severe handling, The man was intoxicated, and his statement was that he was in the employ of Mr. Tennant, sheep, farmer. He says he was riding in to take sheep and lambs from the Hermitage to a country station, and on his way he put up at a public-house at Dry Creek. While there he says he was robbed, and going out found his horse covered with stabs on the shoulders and back. The wounds consist of about ten good-sized stabs, evidently inflicted by some very keen instrument, and a number of smaller incisions, where the hair was scarcely more than parted. None are deep, though, and the horse is in no danger. The impression seems to be, how- ever, that the man's statement ia false, and that the wounds were inflicted by himself while he was riding along, as they look more as if they had been inflicted by a person who was on the horse at the tune than by anybody standing on the ground. Malicious Outrage.— On Saturday night a most cowardly outrage was perpetrated at the Port Bridge, and the police, with all their vigilance, have yet found no trace of the perpetrator. Miss Sandwell having been detained till rather a late hour in the Port, set out at 10 o'clock to walk to the Peninsula. On reaching the bridge she became aware by the footfall that she was being followed by some person who seemed to suit his pace to hers. The man suddenly rushed after her, and caught hold of her neck, saying 'he would throw her into the river.' She screamed, and he seized her most savagely, and absolutely lifted her to a level with the handrail, when, by a violent exer- tion, she succeeded in eluding his grasp, and making a rush towards the Port she met two young men, who volunteered to hunt the aggressor, but he had vanished. Information was given at the Police Station, and there the matter rests, for although Miss Sandwell is positive she could identify the ruffian, no clue has been forthcoming. The Church of England.— We have before us a neatly-printed pamphlet (Roberts, 58, King William-street), intituled 'A Brief Sketch of the Rise of the Church of England; with some Obser vations on its present Condition and Influence, by the Eev. John Crawford Woods. B.A. Pub lished by request.' The work is in the form of a lecture, and is divisible, as may be seen from the title, into two parts. Of them the first is a clear and masterly piece of history, which cannot but be valuable; while the second conveys the opinions of the lecturer, who speaks of course from his own point of view .aking, as he says, ' some plain remarks upou Jungs of which he disapproves,' but 'without,' as he adds, ' offending against the spirit of Christian charity.' Upon those portions which refer to the doctrines and forms of the Church of England, it is not within our power to express an opinion; but of the lecture generally we can only speak in terms of approbation. Tbinity Church Young Men's Society.— Judged by the number of their public and semi public appearances, the Trinity Church Young Men's Mutual Improvement Society are in a very active and healthy Btate. It certainly numbers among its members many well-known amateur elocutionists, and its enteitainmcnts generally are very successful. Such was eminently the case with their half-yearly soiree on Monday evening, September 28. The large schoolroom adjoin ing the church, which had been neatly decorated in honour of the event, was crowded, the arrangements were unexceptionable, and the programme an exceedingly good one. It was rendered all the more attractive by the Rev. J. Gardner, who, as it happens, here made his last public appearance in South Australia, seeing that he is to leave by the Coorong, for Melbourne, en route for Launceston, his new sphere of labour, to which he will undoubtedly carry the hearty good wishes of the colonists, by whom he has been so highly appreciated. Mr. S. Tomkinson presided, and in a few practical sentences introduced the business. He especially recommended young men to cultivate habits of careful thought, to as to be aoie to lorm opinions or tueir own which they might cling to in after years. After two or three musical pieces, given by Mrs. Lyons and Messrs. T. Vf. Lyons and A. James, and a recitation by Mr. A. McDonald— 'The Sea Captain's Story' —the Chairman called upon the lecturer. He said the presence of the Rev. Mr. Gardner was sug gestive of the regret they all participated in on account of his being about to leave them. The first sermon he heard on arriving in South Aus tralia in 1850 was from Mr. Gardner's lips. He had never since then ceased to regard him with esteem and affectioq. This feeling would follow him to his new borne, and in saying this he was expressing also the sentiments of the meeting and the colonists generally. (Cheers.) He had kindly undertaken to give them a lecture on elocution, and no one was better qualified for the task, for elocution had been his study from boyhood. His lessons in thi3 branch had been of service to the youth of the colony, The Rev. Mr. Gardner, who was received with a hurricane of applause, gave in a summarized form his admirable lecture on the sub ject announced, As a piece of composition alone it would command attention, butfrom the vastamount of information and sound advice it conveys it well deserves the high reputation it has attained. The rev. gentbman shines as a popular lecturer— an accomplishment which will no doubt be turned to good account in Tasmania. The rest of the programme was taken up with songs, recitations, and readings. The vocalists, besides those already named, were Miss Vaughan, Miss Bishop, and Mr. C. Lyons, and the songs were for the most part capitally eung. Mr. 8. Toms gave a reading 'Death of poor Joe;' Mr. A. Mullen a recitation' 'The Execution,' from Ingoldsby's Legends' and Messrs. Shakespeare. Mullen, Calf, and Potter the ghost scene from Hamlet. It was, on the whole, a Berio-comic exhibition; but the comic pre vailed completely when the gas was turned down to give a supernatural effect to the apparition of the gentleman in dress clothes who did the ghost. The audience with a determined misconception of the situation in sisted upon regarding the very telling interview between the Prince and his murdered father as laughable occurrence, and the solemnity of the parting adieux was most inopportunely broken in upon by the crowing of an amateur cock. However, the greatest good feeling prevailed, and the evening was very agreeably spent. The Rev. J. Reid, in proposing a vote of thanks to the lecturer, said the Very Rev. the Dean would have gladly performed the duty had he not been absent through illness. He was quite sure the departure of Mr. Gardner would be deeply regretted, nut merely by the body with which he had been connected, but by all the religious bodies to whom he had given material aid. (Cheers.) Without the least flattery, he could say that his loss would be felt as a public loss, and he was only echoing the sentiments of all when he expressed his heartfelt good wishes for his future prosperity. In his future work God speed him. (Cheers.) The vote having been agreed to with hearty acclamations, the Rev, Mr. Gardner said ?— Mr, Chairman, Ladies, and Gentlemen— I beg leave to thank you most sincerely for the very hearty way in which you have received the re marks of my friend and brother Mr. Reid. I honestly assure you I shall carry with me on the morrow the liveliest recollections of the very pleasant evening— my last in touth Australia— that I have spent with you. Wherever I may be I shall nlwayB cherish a recollection of the pleasant days I. have spent in South Australia. The light and shade are very exquisitely blended. It hag not been all sunshine with me any more than it may have bsen with you, either in this land or any other. I do not expect to enter into any paradise upon earth ; but the years I have spent in South Aus tralia have been years of very great pleasure. Any dark spots that may be seen only serve to bring into greater prominence the bright and pleasing scenes by which I have been surrounded. I have sought durinfc the years I have been here to do good in the midst of my own people, and in the midst of others. (Hear, near.) I have ever shown, I trust, a disposition to co-operate in every good word and work with men of every name and every nation. (Hear.) And, Sir. allow me in conclusion to express my warmest thanks to you and to all, and should any be visiting that lovely island I am about to go to on the morrow, I trust they will not pass my humble dwelling, if they can in any way find it out. 1 shall always be glad to see th ere any son or daughter of South Australia. (Prolonged cheering ) A vote of thanks to the vocaliata and Chairman, proposed by Mr. Toms, was duly ac knowledged, and the proceedings terminated with the Binging of the National Anthem. igr Messrs. Parr & Luxmoore request the special attention of Parties Furnishing, DwlerTand othen to their Sale, This Day, at the Residence of Charles Gooch, Esq., of all that Gentleman's Superior Household Furniture and Effecti. Hones, Vducl* Barae*. 4c, &c; Bale MtiQ'clwk. 