THE WHITE niLIjSPpPUL^EREADINGS. I None of. the.suburban, communities'- th'at • have j instituted popular readings for the evenings' en- i tertainment'of their members, can claim a greater | success than the people of the'White Hills.1 - Since the first aeries were given^now some four months —each succeeding-'.series^'has"ijeen- a!,greater success; and the eighth, which,,'wtislieldlast even ing, 'was, to judge fr6m_tlie jiumerous. audience and lrom the",evident, pleasure., .evincedjby the applause; quite as great1 a /success, asany of those preceding it. The profits i derived from the read ings, which have not been ^inconsiderable, could not be devoted to a more; worthy object' than edu cation, and already-by the readings has1 the White Hills Common School' been:'.'very Materially assisted., Last evening, the^ generous assistance of several ladies and ''gentlemen from Sandhurst, was rendered, as it has been on'former occasions, and when we mehtion.the names of Miss Regan, Miss Murphy, and Madame Mitchell,, Mr'Towle, Mr James. Booty, Mr Carss, Mr AVrixon, junior, Mr Carter, and Mr Ilearle, the majority ol whom have deservedly earned-,popularity, at the ^popular readings in Sandhurst,,it.will be seen" thai to their efforts the success of the; entertainments at the White'Hills is in a great measure due. The local 'amateur talent at the White "Hills' is" also" of a very excellent character,"and! toTtheTmusical ability •ol Miss Howe,;Miss Lester, •Mrs*H'uggard, and Mrs Evance, there is'great praise1 due for their contributions to the programme-of the evening. The chair, last evening," was . occupied .by Mr Walter (in' the unavoidable absence]of ., Mr A. Richards), who very efficiently,^.discharged the duties of his position—not ,'in .occupying the time of the evening by avery, elaborate address, but by"directing the programme, > and in carrying out a very excellent rule adopted by the managers of these readings^-which,! might obe judiciously imitated by , others—in not; allowing'encores, no matter how energetically called for. At the risk of being unjust in passing' over 'several of the items in. the programme which- were given we can only refer to some of jjie more. prominent. In the first part"'Miss'"Murphy sang very sweetly, but somewhat too timidly, " I'm Alone," accom panied oil the; piano by Mr Towle. - Miss Howe and Miss Lester sang the duet '"Hearts and Homes" very prettily^ and also the duet of " The Convent Bells," in ^both .instances being accom panied by Mrs Huggard. Mr.Carter sang "In Happy Moments," and '.'The Good-bye at the Door," in excellent voice, considerable musical proficiency enabling him to do both songs full justice. Mr Wrixon, junior, who has an excellent vein of humor in displaying the characteristics of the Irish brogue, read two extracts from Lover's "Rory O'More," in which he gave capital expression to the rich' arid racy vernacular of the Irish hero ofthe story. The comic portion of the entertainment was furnished by Messrs J. Booty and - Carss, whom we may, not in any way offen sively, term the " comedy mefl" oLthe Sandhurst amateurs—the former' in his two character songs of " Pretty Polly Perkins'' and '•Champagne Charlie," and tho latter ih: the ditty of " Have you seen the Ghost?;,'being';rewarded by the general laughter' of their, hearers for the very humorous way. in which, each played or sang his part. ■ The gem' of the evening, however—and we trust to be .absolved from any spirit of in vidioiisness in stating it—was Mr, Hearlo's reading of Tom Hood's " Bridge. of Sighs." We have frequently heard.it attempted by amateur readers, but, never'with such a just appreciation ofthe tenderness and feeling of the poetry, or with a voice better adapted to the utterance of the words of the poem. The Prince Estikklt Rkcovkbed.—Messrs Greville and Uo.'a Sydney telegram of Wednes day reports the pleasant intelligence that Prince Alfred, perfectly restored to health, was driving his four " greys " about the city and suburbs, to the great gratification of the people, who appre ciated so great a proof of confidence in their loyalty. A Hint to Victorian Sluggards.—We (Argus) learn that Mr Hoyt, whose name wa- ell known in connection with coaching in Victo*:. in former years, and latterly in New Zealand, i < about to sail for Japan in the steamer Albion («'f which he is now part owner), to try coaching in that country. lie has sold his Otago business to Mr Chaplin. Tub Weatiikron tiie Murray.—The Rinerine Herald reports that "On Saturday evening a heavy thunderstorm broke over Echuca, and a great deal of rain fell. On Monday we were also visited with a heavy fall, witli bitterly cold and severe squalls from the northward. We learn from Wahgunyah that a good deal |of rilitl.tuia fallen on tUo Upper Murray,' 