GENERAL NEWS. Tho Duke oE Buckingham has declined to ad vise the allowance of the Act to reduce the salary of the Governor of New Zealand. We understand, says the Mudgee Liberal, several gentlemen have subscribed £75 towards purchasing a billiard table for the Literary In stitute. Sinmular Cask of Suicide by a Touko GuiT..— Tho Coonabiti-iibran correspondent of tho MaitUuiil Mercury reports : — At a magisterial inquiry held by Mr. Edwards, P.M., at a sheep station about seven miles from Ulnmambry (a station of Mr. Orr's), it appeared that a girl named Emily .Tones, about thirteuu ycavs of ago, daughter of a shepherd, was, on the morning of the 5th instant, listening to her mother talking t'i a shophurd that lived with them, to whom she remarked that it was a cold frosty morning ; this tho girl contradicted, for which the mother shippnd her on the clieuk and told her to go away. Thu remainder of the day was spent us usual, as if nothing happuned, till the evening, about. dusk, when the shepherd returned home (the woman's husbnnd at this time was iu town). The mother left the hut with a piece of meat to give to the shepherd's don : the girl, taking ad vantage of her mother's temporary absence, vront to the box where the poison wo* kept, and tak ing some fif tho poison on a teaspoon swallowed it. Shortly after, while all were sitting at tea, the girl full on' the stool, seized with spasms ; the mother immediately litsed liur up and gave her some chlorodynu, and asked her what she had eaten during the day ; she said, nothing. The mother then put a iniiAturdJpimlticu on her breast. The girl allowed the pmiltice to remain for a ihort time, then told hnr mother that it was all of no use, inul that she had swallowed some poi son. The mother asked her why she did that. The j»irl answered, ' Because you slapped mo this morning.' She died within an hour from the time she took the poison. A Double Amputation1. — Tho following ense of amputation is reported in tho Munaro Mercury of tho loth instant : — ' It will be rocolleoted that in our last issue, we mentioned the case of an un fortunate man, named Coyle, from Kiandra, who had been lost in the bush eleven days aud nights, and was brought from that place in charge of the police and Mr. Chapman, to the Cootnn hospital, where he was at once admitted, and placed under the cave of the medical officer, Dr. Davidson, some few weeks since. The poor fellow's feet were iu a state of gangrene, caused by exposure whilst in the bush. Mortification having set in to an alarming degree, and extending upwards in both ancles, threatening spontaneous separation, Dr. Davidson resolved, as it was tho only course left to save (lie man's life, to amputate both limbs. Tho assistance of Dr. Chopin, of Bombala, was called into requisition, und on Saturday morning last, after the patient had be«n tvoll placed under the influence of chloroform, the double amputa tion of the middle with the lower third of the leg was performed by Dr. Davidson, at the hospital. Tho uiiomtiun was witnessed by many gentlemen residing iu the district, some of whom rode a long distance to be present. It is satisfactory to know that the unfortunate sufferer ia progressing as w«ll as can be expected under tho cu-cumstatices. Another Cash or Fatal Huuni.no. — The Qutiuibeyan Age reports that, on last Wednesday, Dr. Morton, district coroner, held an inquiry nt Follow, touching the death of Alice Emily Ferguson, tho child of an unmarried woman, named Jessie M.'Tavinh, in the lervice of Mr. Powell, of Foxlow. The deceased was scarcely three years old. Jt appears that on last Monday, the mother of deceased went into the milking yard, leaving the deceased with her sister, a child only four years old, in the hut, nnd taking her eldest child, a girl eleven years old, with her to the yard. Immediately after, according to u statement made by the little girl, who was left with deceased, the latter went to the fire place which, like that of most huts, is on a level with the floor and without any protection from the approach of children, aud attempted to warm her hands. In so doing she fell on the fire, and the other little one pulled her off. Her screams were heard by a neighbour named Win. Ahem, who went to hu door and saw the deceased in flames running from hor own residence to his — a distance of about ten yards. Ahern quenched the blaze and, with the assistance of one Thomas Smith, pulled off the child's clothes. Ahern went for his mother, while the child was taken into a Airs. Hopkins's, whore, with tho assistance of Mrs. Powell, and tho woman on the station, the usual means in such cases were resorted to to alleviate tho sufferings of the unfortunate child. Tu the evening the child's mother took her in her home, and at midnight she died. The injuries received by the deceased were confined to the foreparts of tho rwdy. On the face were marks of recent burning, as also on tho abdomen and front parts of the thighs and legs. The hind part* of deceased wore entirely free from injury. The jury returned a verdict of death from injuries caused by burning by fire acciden tally receivpd . A Foreign View of the Quekn's Book^ — The Diary of the Queen of England — a record of sorrows and souvenirs written in memory of Prince Albert and of tho domestic happinens of tlit Queen, has been just published in London. Nothing is at once more honorable and mure sad tl^an this uiicoluiu-ed history of a life absorbed by conjugal affection and undivided family soli citude. It is the record of a woman, not of a Queen. The Queen is inexhaustible in her ad miration of the Prince Consort, and when she quotes the words or the acts of this royal model, we'are quite surprised to find them of -the ordi nary and common type. The fact is they were transfigured by the Queen's lore. A tone of ex treme simplicity and naturalness pervades these familiar utterances. The Queen's children are overywhere called by infantine abbreviations of their names — the Prince of Wales 'Bertie,' Prince Alfred ' Afh'e,' the Princess of Wales 'Vicky.' Occasionally a charitable visit, a walk resulting in some kind act, lights up the record of this life of private affection aud of real religion. — Le Nurd. Tub Lick of a Woman Saved by Two Cows. — Saturday's Queanheyun Age contains tho follow ing account of a remarkable occurrence, if the Btatfiinont be true : — 'Mrs. E. O. Evans was at tacked by an infuriated milch cow, late on Friday night, tho lQtli instant, and we have loarned tho following noteworthy facts connect'd with tho case : — When the cow attacked Mrs. Evans no ono was present but two of her children, on whose stutoinent we have to rely for the veracity of tho very interesting incidents about to be nar rated. In rushing on her victim tho cow, miss ing to strike with her horns, brought her poll flat in contact with her victim's chust, striking her to tho ground, fixing her them between her horns. Mrs. Evans rocollects nothing from this timo until she was safy in a neighbour's house, for she immediately fainted. But the children. who thought their mother was dead, say that while holding her to the ground, in the manner already described, f ho cow kept bellowing furi ously and pawing her victim. Hor roars attracted the 'attention of two quiet milkers which were grazing on the hill near by, and those imme diately came full canter to the scene, and, what is so worthy of remark, appearing to recognise an old friond in tho form of the prrstrate woman, unitedly attacked and drove oil' tho agyressor, and taking up a position on either side of the un fortunate* sufferer, nobly kept the offending cow at bay. Meanwhile, as if sympathising with their injured mistress, theso friendly brutes kept thoiv post and cuntinned to smell and lick h«r feature*. Many times did the angry enw attempt to renew her assault, and as many times was she repelled by Airs. Evans's defenders. Tired of waiting the mischievous brute at length made off, leaving tho others masters of the position. Presently Airs. Evans partially recovered her couscioiisnesH, and rising from between her faith ful guardians, wan joined by her weeping child ren, and made oil' in the direction of the Moimro road. Her little ones, thinking she wan going for aid, reminded her that no one lived in tfiar, direction, led her in tl;« direction of Mr. M 'Don- ald's, where only »he sufficiently rocorerod her cou»ciouauuas to know where she was, aud under stand what she hud passed through. There can be little doubt that Mrs. Evans owes the preserva tion of her life to oho sagacity of her kindly milker;. '' A .Stkanqis Ghost Stouv. — There is a wild sort of legend in connection with the Great Eastern, steamship, the origin of which 1 do not kni-w, but the shipwrights firmly believe in it. So much has been written about die construction of this famous vossel that the slightest allusion to it. here will suffice. She is a Bhip with two cuses, or skinu as they are called,— that in, she is almost like one shin fitted iniide another. Be tween the iniii-r and outer skius the workmen can crawl for repairs. Dreadfully dark and sepulchral, of course, it is there ; for, from the nature of the space, tho workman must be com pletely closed in, excepting at the spot at which ho enters. Very few smiths or shipwrights would caro to work in here alone, for two ter rible spectres are supposed to haunt the place. Almost all the men who were engaged in tho construction of this vessel believe that some whore there in the darkness and thick air lie two skeletons, which can never be found till the vessel is broken up. Those are the remains of a smith and his rivetter, tho latter being a lad. During the construction of the vessel, these two worked all through the week, keeping full time, and their work lay between the skins. The smith was an eldorly man, of a moody temper, who mado no friends, und was not popular with his mates. _No one had seen him leaving work, nobody wus interes ted about him. But one pay-day both he and his lad failed to appear at the pay-table to draw their money. They never were heard of more by anyone who worked on the Great Eastern. Of course their absence had been noticed by tho timekeeper and other officials, but the missing man being, as I have said, unpopular with his comrades, there had been very little inquiry about them until it was found that their money wus not claimed. It was then soon noticed that the lust timo they had been seen they were at work in the case of the ship, and before long it became a fixed notion that by a full, or by tUa effect of some vapour, the two had been killed or stunned until closed in, and all the host of men who worked at the great ship believed tKat somewhere in tho vast hulk, there lay two skeletons, which, for some reason, could never be found ; the prosaic idea that tho old fellow and his helper had left without warning for a better job, finding, of- course, no favour.— 11 Lingering Superstitions,' in CwweU'* Maga ::int, 