, QUEENsiiAlNb. Murder by Blacks in the North --Mr. J. Hall Scott sends thee following to the Port Denison Times :— * It is my painful duty to .; inform you that two Polynesian laborers have been murdered by the native blacks upon this station. I happened to get to the hut about a quarter of an hour after it happened ; it is situated six miles from the head station. I found Lawie dreadfully wounded, but not dead. He told me the native blacks, about fifteen in number, attacked himself and the other boy, Killkill, in the hut after dinner, When he saw he could not escape, he sat down as a token of submission, but it had no effect ; he received four spear wounds and one dreadful cut above the right temple, as well as several others in the head. I had him con- veyed to the head station, where he died next day. The boy Killkill I could not find at first. Lawie said he must be dead. He was found in the evening in a small hut at a little distancei He was niot dead, but in a pitiable state. I sent men to carry him home.. He asked for a '. drink; they gave him, a little spirits and water, and he afterwards died in their arms." The Mock Count. — The Brisbane Courier contains the following paragraph: — " It is pretty well known that the illustrious stranger who lately honored our poor pity with his presence, under the style, title and dignity of the Count von Attems, is the individual who, in our Sydney telegraph on Tuesday, was said to have obtained large advances in that city on fictitious papers. We are sorry to say that he managed during his short stay here to walk into the good graces of some of our citizens, and to make rather heavy drafts on their bankers. His countship, it will be remem- bered, left Brisbane in that renowned craft the Hamlet's Ghost; the history of which ves- sel ought to be written some day ; and he has last been heard of at Cleveland Bay. A war- rant is out for his apprehensioni and troopers have, been despatched' overland from Port Denison to secure him if possible before he makes a descent on our friends in Batavia. We failed, to notice the Count as he deserved when he was in Brisbane, but should he visit us again, especially with the order which the Sheriff of Queensland desires to confer on him, . on his breast, and Mr Seymour's decorations at his wrist, we shall endeavor to make amends for our former neglect of Son Altease.' 