POST OFFICE SAvINGs' BANIc.-Amount of deposits for the month of July, 1868, £1126 ; withdrawals, £62 18s. 9d. Corres ponding month last year-Deposits, £45 6s.; withdrawals, £4 5s. AUCTION Sar,.--As will be seen by an advertisement in another column, Mr. Bus combe will sell by public auction, at the Mount Ida Hotel, on Wednesday next, a lot of draught and saddle horses from the Murray. Tun PREsBYTERIaN COsURciI BAZAAR. Thanks to the energy of the ladies, this scheme for raising money for .paying off the debt still outstanding on the manse, is now fairly set afloat, and there is every probability .of a very handsome collection of plain and fancy goods being received before the opening of the bazaa:r. We believe the event is fixed for December of this year, and will be held in the Town Hall if possible, that being the most suitable, and the most central place. We have no doubt whatever of it proving quite a success. To make it so, we .would recommend that the bazaar be made as attrac-. tive as possible, by the introduction of music, either vocal or instrumental, of both. A list of donations will shortly be published. WHITEHEAD'S NEW JMAP.-We have be fore us Whitehead's new map of Victoria for 1868 with alphabetical key, it appears to have been compiled -with considerable care and minuteness of detail, containing even. the Pick and Shovel, !ia Mnia, Costerfield, &c.;, and if various localities have been marked in it with the same correctness as places in this district, it will be found a highly usefll work, as furnishing a ready and generally accurate means of acquiring a geographical knowledge. THE PoOPeLAR READINGS.-The last was certainly not the least amusing and interest ing of these, we may now term them, fashion able entertainments. Mr. Wollaston was first on tile programme, the Ghost Scene in " Hamlet" was selected by him, and was well rendered to an attentive audience. Messrs. Hamilton and Greig followed with a duet, and were encored. Mr. Shadforth then read a very droll piece called "Melting Mo ments," from an American work, with good effect, his listeners were highly amused with the victim's agony under the pressing and persevering attention of his tormentor. Mrs. Marshall then sang very nicely, and was, as a matter of course, encored. We have not space to enumerate all that took part in the evening's proceedings, we may mention, however; that Mrs. E. Field and Messrs. Shadforth, E. Field, and W. G. Adamson did so for the first time. The Mayor occupied the chair. Attendance was very good. MlINIiG.-Messrs. Reynolds and Burgess obtained 6oz. from eight tons of quartz. Wierdland and Co.'s crushing from their new reef in Parson's Gully yielded 14oz. from eight tons. The following were from the new reef struck at the Sugar Loaf, Tooborac: Brown, five tens, for Goz. 5dwt., and 3Wood wood, three tons, yielded 3oz, 4dwt., 