AN UNFORTUNATE FEMALE. FROM EPISODES IN THE LIFE OF MISS TABITHA TRENOODLE. MY cousin lives up a little creek—lakes they are called here —on the Devonshire side of the Tamar, and of course I thought the right way to get to it was to walk across the bridge. But, bless you, no! The very first Btep I take a mar starts up and says, " Ma'am, you can't go thi< way." "What! isn't a bridge made to be walked over?" I asked. " This bridge isn't, ma'am; it's made only for the trains. " That's a mightj sensible arrangement, young man," I answer, at provoked as an owl in daylight. "Here't • bridge joining two counties, and a aide-walk no consequence to director", with company's money like dirt. And yet respectable people •re to drown, or stay in Cornwall for ever. Dear me!" I said, working myself up a bit, "anyone would think a Cornishman was to have his head cat off, if he went into Devonshire, just as he had in King Egbert's days." " Not at all, ma'am," says the man, quite civil. " You might have passed over in the train as safe as the Queen herself." " I must have gone to Deven port then," I- answered, cooling down, " and that would be six miles out of my way. I'm going to Tavytree." "There's no conveyance to be had here, ma'am; you had better have gone to Devonport, and taken a fly." " Tavy tree is only two miles from this; I can walk that distance, and save my shillings. Only I mnst cross the river first," I said, as sweet as I could speak. " I'm sure you'll have no objec tion to let me over the bridge. You don't wish to see a lady drown herself, I suppose ?" " I hope not, ma'am. But as for the bridge, ma'am, itß impossible, and more'n my place is worth. A boat will take you over for a shilling; or if you wait for the steam ferry-boat, which crosses every half- hour, you can go by that for a penny. It's because of the ferry, ma'am, we are bound to let no, passengers cross the bridge. Special clause in the Act, ma'am, to protect the interest of ferry people." " Since that's the case," said I, highly indignant, " that ferry shall never see a penny of mine as long as there's a bucketful of sea round the Land's End." Upon which, wishing the young man good evening, I walked down to the river's edge and called for a boat. "It's very muddy walking in the lanes after you've crossed, ma'am," said the boatman, " leave alone it's being very lonesome for a hun protected lady. I'll take you right up to Tavy tree quay for eighteenpence, ma'am, and no thing to fear with a man with you all the way, ma'am." "Ah, well!" I thought to myself, "there's nothing like having, a man with one, after all. I'll close with this proposition." We started immediately. I was quite calm and tranquil, having a man with me; and I must •ay, while we kept to the Tamar, I had a beautiful time. The water was smooth as crystal j and though the night was dark, yet since there was nothing to be afraid of—no steamers bußtling about, or lazy barges rolling along like porpoises in liquor—dark or light mattered little. But when we turned into Tavytree lake, this being much, narrower than the Tamar, and the banks very high and wooded, I certainly did wish the dayß were a bit longer—or even a lantern would have been cheerful. " Tavytree lake has got a very cranky channel," I said to the man. " I suppose you know it pretty well!" "All right, ma'am," fays the man. And he rowed on without an other word. " Don't fidget," is my motto. If youare under a man's care, leave him alone ; don't pull the reins out of his hand, and pre tend you can drive better than he, because the chances are you can't. Acting up to my motto, I don't Buppose that I could row, or understand the tide, better than the boatman. It was darker than I liked; but he said nothing, and I •aid nothing, till at last the boat bumped a bit, and then stopped. " Why don't you go on ?" I said, very civilly. »We are stuck, ma'am." " Stuck!" "In the mud, ma'am; and the tide is running down very fast." "Ifit is running fast, it may take the boat with it," I remarked. " More likely to leave her high and dry, ma'am; leastways, unless I can push her off." •' Then push her off, by all meanß." Having a man with me, of course I did not feel in the least alarmed j but I was certainly a little shocked when he divested himself of shoes and stockings right before my eyes, then clambered over the side of the boat and disappeared bodily. I screamed. "No harm done, ma'am; the water is rather deep this side, that's all. I'll find the channel, and get the boat in it in a jiffy." On he went, taking soundingß on his way with a pole. It was so dark by this time, that he had not taken three steps before he became invisible. At first I heard a good deal of floundering, but at last that died way in the distance, and all was quiet. Fifteen minutes went by, and the boat got rather one-sided, with a queer inclination to tip over. Still I was placid : nothing can go wrong when an unprotected female has a man to take care of her. Nevertheless, when half an-hour slipped on, and there was not a sound to break the stillness, and no signs of a man, I grew nervous. "It may be pleasant to have a man with one, but I don't know that it's plea sant to have a drowned man," I said to myself; " especially if this drowned man goes • bobbing around' all night while I sit it this boat. Of coarse I must sit here all night, if he doesn't return. And in the morning, when his corpse goes floating by, I shall have to catch it and tie a string to it, and tow it home to his wife. That's horrid enough ; but how do I know that I sha'n't be accused of killing him ? Who is to prove I didn't ? I can't be a witness for my self. I know exactly how the newspapers will put the case: ' A weak man, lame of one foot, is seen to depart in the darkness, with a mus cular and bony female'—l am bony, I don't deny it—'and this man is never seen again alive. But in the morning the audacious murderess returns to Saltash, towing the body of her victim, attached by her scarf and pocket handkerchief to the boat, and tells the incredible tale that the man has drowned himself. Her Btory is, that he deliberately flung himself from the boat, and wenton foot through the river; and she affirms she never saw him again, till his dead face bobbed up before her eyes, at six this morn ing. We leave this incredible statement to the comments of our readers. For ourselves we assert that no man would quit a boat to walk np a river; and no lady, worthy of the name, would remain in an open boat all night. No! this female ruffian has murdered that poor, lame, harmless man; and, in the name of Man, we demand justice!'" This was the sort of paragraph that would appear, and I felt myself get damp at I thought of it. At this instant a faint voice reached me, gradually developing into frantic cries of—" Hoy ! hoy! boat there!" "Boat there!" I said to myself. "Of course the boat is here; and it's tipping over more and more, too." "Boat! Hoy, ma'am! Boat!" It was impossible for me to condescend to make any reply to this nonsense. But the cries only grew more frantic from my silence. "Boat! hoy! Holler, ma'am! holler!" " Hollow!" I observed. " It's my private opinion the boat won't be hollow much longer, for if she tipß a little more she'll fill." "Holler, ma'am! I can't see nothing! I can't find the boat! Holler, for marcy's cake!" O, I understand the matter now! The poor man had lost the boat in the darkness, and had been wading and floundering up and down the river all this time in Bearch of it. Of course I " hollered" im mediately, only I didn't quite know how to do it. "Ah! Ah! Ah! O!" I said very genteely. "Holler, ma'am! holler! I'm getting the cramp!" Upon this I stood up—the boat tipped dreadfully—and cried out, more centeely, "O! O! O! Ah!" "Boat there! I'm most done! Holler! or can't you show something white!" Good heavens! show something white! Was the horrid man mad ? Ah, I would wave my handkerchief. This was getting exciting and romantic. I would do a noble deed; I would wave my handkerchief, and save the man s life. I waved it. A great splash—a floundering—a gasp-abubbling—then a choked voice, desperate: "Boat! boat! Holler!—for hfes sake, holler?" I dropped my bandker ohief, I dropped my gentility, and I " hollered," ay, and like a boatswain, too. I did more I showed something white. The man's life was at stake, and mine—for if he drowned I should hstag. My petticoat was of dimity, ironed and starched that morning ; it glistened, it gleamed like a beacon; the drowning man saw it— he had not the least idea in the world what it was —and made for the boat. When he reached it, gasping and trembling, I was a modest mass of dark drapery— not a ray of white about me. And he positively was not grateful j but then I confess he aßked so questions. Thus do wo man s noblest sacrifices ever remain unseen, un appreciated by man! Unconscious of my de- Toted act, this man sat down, wet as a shad, and blowinglike a porpoise, not uttering a word of thanks. Hia first sentence was even a re proach : " Why didn't you holler before, ma'am ? I've come near being drowned." "My good man, I did holla," I answered with dignified calm. " Now, why don't you get the boat off at once ?" " Because I can't, ma'am. And if I could, there's no water to float her higher up." " The fact is, you don't know the channel," said I, severely. "Couldn't find it in the dark, ma'am. And if I could, one man's strength wouldn't shove the boat into it off this mud." "Then what's to be done?" I asked with a little scream, as the boat went right over on her side, nearly tilting me into the man's lap. " We can't do nothing but sit here till five o'clock to-morrow morning ; by that time I reckon the tide '11 get her off." " What!—sit here in this stick-in-the-mud boat all night with you!" I shrieked; " that's impossible." Good gracious, I thought, here's a position for an un protected female! Sitting up till five in the morning, in pitch darkness, up a lonely creek, with a boatman! O, tbis is nice, this is re spectable !—this is having a man to take care of one, this is ! I had better have let the creature drown himself. "If you won't sit here till high tide, what '11 you do, ma'am ?" said the man. "What will I do? I'll wade the river," I answered. "You will, ma'am!" he cried. " Will, I must say you are a plucky one." He bent forward towards me, and shook the wet off himself upon my tea-green silk. I held myself very stiff, in order to let him see that I wanted no admiration. " Now, my good man," I said, " let as start." At the same time I prepared myself to show boldly my white dimity, my scarlet stockings, and Balmoral boots. "La bless you, ma'am, you can't wade yet; you must wait a hour at least; the tide isn't low enough, you'd be drowned now." " Very well, I'll wait an hour." I Baid this with the com posure of a martyr. The boat was very much on one side. I sat on the high or tilted side; the man moved over to the same bench. I pre tended not to see him; this appeared to me the most proper mode of noticing his conduct. " Beg pardon for sitting so near you, ma'am, but I'm feared Bhe'll go quite over if I stays t'other side. Don't want to capsize her, you see." "Sit where you please," I responded. After this there was a dignified silence of ten minutes; then I knew by the sprinkles that reached me the man was getting fidgety, and shaking out his garments as it were to the night. "If you please, ma'am, may I ax—" I coughed as loud as I could to discourage him—" ax a favor of you?" "My good man, this is really not a time—" " Seems to me, ma'am, 'tis the very time: 'tis uncommon lonesome and dark here, and I'm as cowld as a lump of ice 'most. 'Twould warm me a bit, if you did'nt mind it. ma'am." "Why did I holla?" I said to my self. "Why didn't I let this man drown? I should feel more comfortable if he was a corpse tied on to the stern than Ido now." " Please ma'am, I wouldn't ax if I hadn't got the shivers! And some ladies don't objeck—leastways my wife never does." " Perhaps not," I said drily. I really could not tell how to keep up a conver sation with this man. " And it's a very small pipe, ma'am, and good bakker—and I'll B it as far off as I can without capsizing the boat, ma'am." " There, there," I answered, " not a word more; smoke if you like." He smoked; and by the light of the glowing weed I saw his eye fixed on me with a droll expression. Was he wondering where I kept my purse ? was he thinking how easy it would be—No, this was not a land of thieves and sharpers; I would banish such London fancies from my mind. He finished his pipe, knocked tho ashes out, put it in his pocket, then jumped over the side of the boat. This time he returned in a few minutes. " I think the water is low enough now, ma'am; I've sounded it all along to the bank. If you are real serious about wading, I believe you can go safe." I looked into the river, running on in blaok darkness, and I felt a little bit of a shiver. Not that I was afraid. O dear, no! " Must I really either wade or Bit here till five o'clock?" I asked. "Why, you,«ee, ma'am, the tide has been running down three hours; it'll be on the turn about half arter one, and I reckon there won't be water enough in this here creek till nigh upon five—" « Enough • I'll go." I tucked up my tea-green silk, I tied' my Bhawl tightly around me, I put one foot outside the boat. " 'Tis a pewer pity," said the man : " them nice boots—and knee-deep the mud is quite. I arn't so wet as I was, ma'am ; and if you don t mind my back being in a way moist, and if you put both arms round my neck tight, and hold on hard, I think I could do it." I looked up the river and down—all was dark ness ; a glimmer of starlight on the water mak ing us but dimly visible to each other—of course it was ridiculous and horrid—of course if it were daylight it would be impossible ; but in this pitch darkness, and the respectable Mrs Gh-undy slumbering far away, and the river so muddy and cold, and all my things would be spoiled—mightn't I act like a sensible woman and—l put my armß around the man's neck " I am not very heavy, and you'll promise to be careful, I said. " I'll be as kearful as though you was a babby." We Btarted—l, Tabitha Trenoodle, with my arms round a man's neck for the first time in my life, And I must con fess I could not consider the thing in itself at all pleasant. My hands were clasped beneath his chin ; and I felt it would be more convenient if my feet could be there too, for my boots dangled in a remarkably unpleasant way, and shrinking them up from contact with the river gave me the cramp. For a few paces all went well, then I felt a sudden giving way of my supporter on one side, and my right stocking went into the water. •« You ar'n't clinging half tight, ma'am. Hold me round the neck close as chokes, please." Was I come to this ? Well! after all, I am not a Mrs. Squeamish, and it's useless to fidget. I held him tighter. But now there was a giving way on the other side, and my left stocking went into the river—deep. Another moment there was a giving way altogether ; but feeling the catastrophe coming, Isprang off my pillar of support on to a mud bank, just as he himself dis appeared bodily down a hole. The water was nearly to his neck; but with my help he scrambled out, and stood by my side dripping. " I missed my soundings then," he said. "Do you think you could manage to hold on again, ma'am ?" he added, presenting his back with great politeness. "No, boatman, I could not. I'll trust to my own feet this time." The poor roan was profuse in his sorrow; but he was lame, and he had staggered painfully beneath my weight. I felt it would be cruelty to animals to put such a load on him again. And besides I couldn't be much muddier than I was. Thus thinking I stepped boldly into the river, following my conductor, who, taking soundings, and warning me of danger, walked before. We crossed safely. By-the-bje, did Julius Caesar wade the Rubicon ? If he did, I admire him ; but if he went in a boat I really don't see why his boastful exclamation of having passed the Rubicon should come down to posterity with so much fuss. Well, we were on the Tavytree side, landed safely among the rushes ; but O, the pilgarlick I was! Walking behind the man had given me full liberty to protect the white dimity and the tea- green silk, but the rest of me would have astonished a flounder. " What are we to do next ? Can we walk along the river side ?" No, the mud was too deep; and in some places, where the channel was narrow, the water was too deep. Devonshire and Cornish rivers—always tidal—do not resemble the streams of the midland counties; the banks are high, rocky, wooded, and the course of the river can usually only be followed above cliff. This was. the case here; so there was nothing for it but to mount the rocks and get into the wood above.. If the river was dark, the wood was a chimney, only blacker, and no soot. The man by my side might have been on the monu ment as far as I could see him. " Have you been in this here wood before, ma'am ?" he said in a frightened voice. " Often. I know my way in it well enough by day, and even by night if I could get into the path. It runs through the centre." "In that case, ma'am, we must go straight upwards, and we shall be sure to strike it." " I'll try by myself. You had better go back tf> your boat." "No one will run away with my boat, ma'am. I'll find her safe enough at five in the morning; but you'll never get out of this yur wood without a man to help you— never, ma'am." It was dark as a bag. I might have been tied up in one for aught I knew; and the place was horribly lonesome. I confessed in my own mind that I should be afraid to take a step by myself. And besides, what greater happiness can befall an unprotected female than to hare a man to take care of her ? " I'm snre I'm much obliged to you," I said gratefully; " and my couein, to whose house I'm going, will give you a bed, or a seat by the kitchen fire ; and that will be better than Bitting in your boat till the tide is high enough to take her off." " Certainly it will, ma'am. Please come along." I came along; and in two minutes I knocked my bonnet off against a tree, and in another minute knocked my nose, and made it bleed like prize-fighting. " You'd better giro me your hand, ma'am," said my protector, " and let me lead you along." After perching myself on his back, with my arms round hit neck, I felt it would be folly to refuse this aid. I took his hand, and went on with confidence. Bang! he pulled me plump against another huge tree, and I felt a big bump rise on my forehead, and knew my bonnet-cap was dangling round my neck. " Well, I dunno how I missed feeling of that tree; —hope you a'rn't hurt, ma'am." I was nearly stunned, but replied faintly that there was life in me yet. " I reckon t'wull be heasier to go this way," said the man grabbing my hand tight, and dragging me in a direction from Tavy tree. " Now he's going to show himself in his true colors. Now he's going to turn out a vil lain and murder me," I said to myself. I stood still with horror, and rooted my soaked boots deep as I could in the mud. " I'll not go that way," I cried. " But, my dear lady, we shall strike the path then, and if we keeps the course of the river we never shall; and we shall knock our brains out agin the trees. In course they grows thickest by the water, and the under growth too." " I don't care. I won't stir a step that way. Let go my hand." He im mediately grasped it tighter. " No, ma'am, I can't. If I let's go, and you stirs honly a hinch, I shall never catch you hup again." O, the blood-thirsty villain! He would not give bis victim even a chance for her life. " Please, ma'am, can you see me ?" "No man, no ; no more than if you were your own ghost," I answered. " Nor I you, ma'am. So yon per ceives if we lets slip hands, we may go holler ing all night through this yur wood like them blessed babbies the robins was undertakers to, and yet never lay holt to one another again. I can't see your hand, ma'am, I declare, though I'm gripping of it." It was true that the dark ness was even as intense as this; and the thought of being alone in Buch blackness, or of being hunted through it, made my flesh creep. " There's a shimmer of light on the lake," I said in my civilest tone; " that will surely help us a little if we keep to its course." " That ain't no thing of a help, ma'am. If* we goes straight hup, we must strike the road ; but if we keep along here, we may be two hinches hoff and yet not find it." Ah! he knew of some pit in which he could throw me, or of some horribly lonely place " straight hup " where a throat could be cut, and the unpleasant body never be found! "What's the good of wasting time, ma'am? Come along!" He gave me a frightful tug with his strong hand, upon which my soaked boots gave way, and I went two jerkß forward; then I threw my arm around a tree, and held on. And to make it harder to him to move me, I sat down in the mud—l did—and spoilt my tea-green silk for ever. " You are very hard to help along, ma'am," he said savagely. O, you villain! Now you are beginning, are you ? " My good man," I observed blandly, " you are dragging me now against my will. OJo my way, and I shall be easier to help." Omy unfortu nate stars ! if he would only let go my hand I'd run. To have stopped in the boat even would have been better than this. The man couldn't see I was sitting down in the mud. " Crikey!" he said to himself, in a very respectful manner, as he kept tugging my arm off without moving me. I thought I'd try a little fieroeness. "Man, I won't go!" I shrieked; "I won't! How dare you pull me ?" He turned meek directly. The idea of a man being frightened of me! " I'll go your way if you like, ma'am," he said, as mild as milk; " but we don't get out of the wood then till daylight. And if you'll strike straight hup, ma'am. I'll be spon sabul for the path." This waPs handsome offer. I reflected—l consulted. I had found I could snub the man, and I kaew Hi could knock hioJMown. I determined to be brave. I ►got up from the mud and unwound my arm from the tree. " Very well; I'll strike up. I hope you'll find the road at once." A furze bush caught my dress, and tore it out of the gathers; then I hit my hand against a thorn, and scratched the flesh to the bone. The man was " sponsabul," and I ought to be thankful. I said this to myself so often, that at last I grew quite comfortable in my mind, although my dre9B was tatters and my bonnet flitters, and I knew my forehead was one great red bump, and my nose another, and my boots were two mud pies. I must say the man was kind ; he warned me of branches and trunks, against which be bumped himself first, and took of the first shock, as it were, before they hit me. Inky darkness! I demolish the last bit of my bonnet against a branch, and nearly leave my boot in something Boft. But this scarcely counts, for in another moment the man and I step off on nothing, and find ourselves upon our faces in something very soft indeed—slush is the only word for it. The shock strikes us helpless ; we lie still, not Bure if we are alive. Black darkness, and silence, and no attempt, either on his part or mine, to more. Then the man's voice, very low:—" My dear lady, are you killed ?" " No, man, lam not." This was said snappishly, my mouth being full of mud. Certainly that man was meek as Moves, for he was civil still. " Thank heaven for that! My dear, good, blessed lady, are we down at the bottom of a shaft ?" " No, there are no shafts hereabout." No sooner had I spoken, than the poor bewildered creature sprang to his feet and recovered his wits. " I made sure we were down a shaft," he said in an awed tone. If any accident happens to a Cornishman, his first idea is that he is down a shaft. " Are you hurt, ma'am ?" " Not a bit," I answered springing up likewise. We con gratulated each other upon this; and in two minutes more, to my great delight, we stepped off the bushes and brambles and underw ;od, on to the hard, firm, open road. " Ah! I knew we should strike the path this way," said the man, triumphant. 1 was generous, I did not say, " Yes, but we might have been killed in stepping off that great high bank, which will frighten you a little when you look at it to-morrow morning, Mr. Boatman." I did not even re mark that we might have broken our bones. I simply said, I should like him to look at that place by daylight, that was all. He said he would. We clambered over a gate, and found ourselves in the fields, close upon the village of Tavytree. It was a respectable village— highly respectable. It bad eight villas in it, all standing in their own grounds. In the eight villas might be found nine old maids, and one old bachelor on crutches, three widows, poor, with children, and two married couples, rich, without, With the exception of a little scandal about two of the old maids, who had fallen in love with the Methodist preacher, and declined to go to church, there was never anything to be seen or heard in the village but the moßt ortho dox respectability. Now, in the fields I could see myself a little, and a nice object I saw. There was nothing left of my bonnet but the cap, and that was hanging round my neck in rags. My face was a cake of mud, mingled with blood from my prize-fighter's nose and scratches. I was torn, and worried, and mangled, and rolled, just like an early Christian virgin and martyr that minute pulled out of the fangs of wild beasts. And in such a shape as this I was to enter that respectable village, and perhaps greet some of my respectable acquaintances. And a man with me, too! And morals here so severe! Luckily it was 11 o'clock, and every body went to bed at 10 at Tavytree. There was a hope I might not be seen. As we neared the village, the manly protector to whom I owed my woes to feel some compunction. " Ma'am," he said, mysteriously, "if you like to go back, we can wait at the corner of the wood till the first glimmer of daylight; then we can wade to the boat, or I'll carry 'cc I'm sure with all the pleasure in life ; and I'll row sharp, and get 'cc into S*ltash unbeknown. My wife keeps a hinn ; you can clean yourself there, and come here to-morrow respectable like. Nobody'll know." This obliging offer made me smile. O, the simplicity of man ! Bettor face all the out raged virtue of Tavytree than throw myself on the forbearance of a wife. After studying human nature so long among my neighbors, I was not quite such a goose as to put my head into a trap. I declined with thanks, and walked on a little faster. A man approached us. I rejoiced to see that his gait was none of the soberest; and keeping to the dark side of the road, and folding the remnants of my drapery around me, I deceived his bemuddled eyes : he deemed me a respectable figure—he even touched hit hat. Fortunately this blind individual was the only creature we met. Sneaking along by back ways, I reached my cousin's house unseen. The moment the door was opened I jumped inside. In the blaze of light in the hall I looked at the man; he looked at me. He was a muddy merman; I was a hideous tatterdemalion. The servant screamed; my cousin rushed out from the tmrlor; she screamed; I could not embrace her; I was too dirty even to give her my hand. I gasped forth, "Is my box come ?" " Yeß," she said. " Clean things and a bath! When I'm a Christian woman again I'll tell you everything. We've had a frightful accident—been nearly killed." As to the man, he went wading back to his boat at 5 in the morning, and I never saw him again. Long afterwards I heard that his village was in a commotion at his disappear ance that night; and his wife refusing steadily to believe his meek statement of facts, bullied him so tremendously that he ran away and has not been heard of since. I understand he cursed all womankind before his departure, and de clared that I was the cause of all his misfortunes. Such is man. 