( . OARRIOK. '[From odr.own Correspohdent.] A goodly numbee 'of the paishbionerat'net at the Cariiokl Church at'two'o'elock' on Tues day afternbood to present the Rev. A.' N. Mason with a eatitmonial' previous 'to hii re moval ,to Evondale. .According to first arrangements Mr.' Mason was expected to be leaving on the first of !May; but it afterwards transpired that he' fe not likely to quit Carrick before the first of June next. Consequently there was a general impression amongst'the parishioners that the presentation would take place in the latter'ond of May, and therefore a very great many were not present, owing to the mieanderstpnding.' 'When all had taken their seats, Mr. Wilson,'of Silwood, one of the churchwarden', roseoand'said :-" Mr. Mason, there has Ieeon a strong'desire on the part of the parishioners thatuyou should not leavo.this Church without giving' us an opportunity of expressing our very' warm approval of your conduct as a minister' o Chriat"-(Mr. Wil son's emotione.eso overcame him that it .was some time before he-could proceed any further; he at length edntinued)'-" Sir I nm"not 'able for my taek. ':I beg'jou will allow me,toread you the addr~ss, he'folltows :- ' ' Ca . Crrick, 28th Aprl,: 1688. To the Rev. A. N, Mason. , .. DenAt BiS,-It is.with feelings :orsorrewthst we the parisbionerasof. Carrick contemplate your departure from amongst us. We have mach pleasure in,taking itii boiportunity of presenting you wlih the acconipanyll'g'Bible, as a testimoony to the 'untiring zatal'and"diligeace with 'which you have devoted , yourself. to the work of the Church, and your duties as our pastor during the last sixyears. And..aow.in bidding yop tare. well, we offer to yqu and Mirse. Mason our, hear tiest wishes for your future welfare, both ten, porsl and splritnal,' and hope" that Godln Ills goodness will increase and multiply upon you\His mercy; that He may, be your ruler and guide through'Jes sChrist our Lord. We-beg' to subscribe oerelsees yor earnest well wisbers. . . After reading the address, Mr. Wilson said that Mr. Mason wouldsee' that it was signed' by over 170 of, his, parishionese, and--wished further to inform him thatallJ, had, expressed, mush.regret at; hiia contemplated ,departure. Mr. Wilson' on behalf of the parishioners here hanhled't0 Mr;' Mason h' handsodely' bound, volume of~the Word of God.: , .' I -,Mr. Crockford next rose, andi begged Mr. M lpo to accept as an additonalprot '9p his parishionors' love. towards him ",Stmith's Diotionary of the Biblo," iii three vole; very handsomely hound. Mr Mason rose and said.-" My Ohrietian friend,. It is with difmiulty that I am anis to retturn you my thanks for this additional proof of your , respoet towards me. It is always painful to motoarswer toanythuing that is slid in havor of myself. If my conduct during the last six years has met yogr approbation I am very glad of it. I find that I have done nothing but my duty, and that often very Imperfectly. I wish to Heaven I could have bcon instrumoutal in the hands of God to have accomplished more good In the district. Whatever good I have done it was but my bounden duty to do. When ordained, I swore to do the work of omy Master. I have striven to do so, and hope through the mercy of God always to strive. I must say that I do fool very sorry to leave Carrick, I have always received so much kindness from the parishoners irrespective of arced. Also, I beg to return you my sincere thanks for the kind expressions used towards Mrs. Mason, words will not convey to you our feelings. This was the first place that I cmoe to after my ordination, and this is Mrs. Mason's first hono after loaving the roof of her father." Mr. Mason here was much affected, and trhe largo congregation no less so. Mr. Mason pro ceeded-" I will keep this Bible as long as I live, not as a necessity that I should look at it to remember you all-you are already too deeply engrafted in our hearts-but as a pleasing memento of my imperfect ministra tion at Carrick. I will read it carefully, and endeavor to live aocording to the precious precepts contained therein; and I sincorely hope that we all will do the same, and more than this-bring our children up to the best of our ability according to its golden rules. Not having seen the address before now, I was not aware of its contents; hence I am not prepared to make you a suitable reply, but I will write you a reply in a few days and give it to Mr. Wilson. In conclusion this time, lot me congratulate you on the soloe. tion of my successor ; he is one of the dearest friends I have in this world, and I believe that in Mr. Charles Arthur you will find all the good qualities of a Christian minister. I hope you will extend to him the kind services always rendered to me with so much willing ness. Once more I sincerely thank you; and now allow me to say, ' The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the fellowship of the Holy Ghost,' be with us all, evermore. Amen.'" On Sunday last two sermons were preached in our Wesleyan Chapel by Mr. Walklate, and collections were made after each service in aid of the building fund. Oti Tuesday evening a tea meeting was held in the chapel, which was found too small to contain all who had oomo to render assistance in reducing the debt on the chapel caused by repairs. The addition of the neat porch in front of the chapel is a great improvement, and was much needed. The tables having boon cleared, the Rev. S. Willihms was voted to the chair, and read the financial statement, showing that the repairs and additions had cost £2.4, towards which they had received from the Sabbath sohool children, £6O; Sunday's collection, £2 aIs d ; proceeds of the Tea, £4 9s 9d; leaving a deficiency in round numbers of £11 -which sum the Chairman hoped would' be made up previous to separating. Addresses were delivered by the Rev., Messrs. Heyward and Waterltouso The latter gentleman said it was twenty-four, years since he visited Carrick, and tlhethlie had the pleasure, with about:twelve others, to listen to an impressive sermon from the lips of Mr. Butters. He. was . glad to see that since then th'ings'had imiroved, and that instead of having to ntiuesimall private room,. they had a neat building devoted solely to the worship of God ; he conoluded an impressive address by asking the- congregation to do their utmost to clear aws'ay the smalli debb. A suob scription list 'was",'opened by the Obhairi man and various easa pat down, after which collection was made, when, the Chairman an nounced that th , debt had been reduced;.to £6, and. hehoped that he should hear no more about it, as heobelieved that the amount would soon'be got together. *After singing the Doxology the meeting dispersed, mueh pleased with the result. 