THE LATE SIR JOHN DEAN PAUL. Daily Telegraph. DEATH has carried off a once notorious character, the late banker of the Strand, Sir J. D. Paul, who, having lived for some years in retirement, died a few days since at St. Alban's, having nearly completed his 66th year. The eldest eon of Sir J. D. Paul, the firat baronet of that name, he waa born in October, 1802, and succeeded to his father's title in 1852 ; hiß connexion with tbe unfortunate and fraudulent banking house of Messrs. Strahan, Paul, Bates, and Co., his criminal conviction at the Old Bailey for making away with his customers' se curities, and hia conaequent punishment, will be fresh in the memory of most of our readers. The late baronet, who had once served the office of High Sheriff of a southern county, was three times marrieJ —first to one of the Beau clerks, of St. Leonard's, Sussex ; secondly, to a Miss Ewens, of Brighton; and, lastly, to a Mies Bugden, who survives him. He is suc ceeded in his title by his only son, now Sir Aubrey John Paul, third baronet, who is mar ried to a daughter of Sir John Lister Key. The old seat of tke Paula, Rodborough Manor, near Stroud, Gloucestershire, waa purchased some twenty years ago from that family by Earl Russell, on account of its proximity to the borough which he had formerly represented in Parliament. Thoughts of many other men who, long before their last breath was drawn, bad died out of the world which knew them, are awakened .by the brief announcement recording the decease of Sir John Dean Paul. Thirteen years have passed since that memorable afternoon when the shutters were put up for the last time at the great banking establishment of Strahan, Paul, and Butes. Few commercial catastrophes of modern times have created anything like the consternation caused by that bankruptcy. Banks have failed for larger amounts, both before and since, but probably there never yet was a failure which carried ruin into circles so far removed from the ordinary vicissitudes of commerce. The fashionable world, the aristocratical, the religious, all had their money lodged in the old-established house, which had acquired a reputation such as did not belong to ordinary banks. Peers, dowagers, dignitaries of the Church, and religious societies, formed the distinguished constituency of Sir John Dean Paul, Bart. To have an account in his bank was a test of genteel respectabUity—was a proof, to quote Thackeray's dictum, that your name was recorded in the peerage as well as in the Book of Life. Not only was the character of the establishment itself deemed beyond suspicion, but Sir John'a personal repute af forded an additional guarantee for its solvency. He waß the chairman of benevolent societies, tbe treasurer of religious organisations, the friend, patron, and counsellor of half the clergy men in the metropolis. So when the bank of the nobles and the divines failed, great was the faU indeed. Widows were left destitute, orphans were thrown helpless on the world, charitable societies were bereft of their funds. Great, too., was the consternation when it was found that the customers of the establishment had not only been exposed to the ordinary perils to which depositors are liable, but that there had been Borne tampering with the securities en trusted to the firm. Not unreasonably, the indignation of the defrauded public was in creased by the high pretensiona which tbeir defrauders had made to auperior piety and virtue; and when a criminal prosecution was instituted against the bankrupts, the verdict of society had already condemned them. It was a curious kind of Nemeaiß, that the one creditor who proved obdurate to their appeals for mercy, who declined all idea of compromise, and who in sisted in placing the offenders in the dock, should have been a magnate of the clerical world—of that very world which it had been tbe special care of the firm to conciliate and attract. The details of the great trial of Strahan, Paul, and Bates can hardly be forgotten. It was proved, by the admission of the prisoners, that, without his sanction or knowledge, they had negotiated securities entrusted to their care by Dr. Griffith. Strong prima facie reason was adduced to show that all the members of tbe firm must have been cognisant of the fraud; and we believe that the opinion of all com petent legal authorities has confirmed the view, that the attempt of the partners to avoid the responsibility of their acts by a voluntary con fession* before the Court of Bankruptcy, waa not tenable in law or equity. Yet, now that the excitement of the hour has passed away, we can ace that more excuse might be made for I the unhappy men who had perpetrated these frauds than society waa disposed to admit at the time. Their failure waa not due to cul pable personal extravagance, but to ombarrass menta of long standing, dating from times far beyond the period of their own entrance into the business. It is certain that when they raised money on the securities entrusted to their care they did so in order to tide over temporary difficulties, and under the conviction that they should be able to re-place the abstracted property at a not far distant day. We are not saying that all this constituted any moral, still less any legal, justifi cation for the conduct of theae fraudulent trustees; but, in some respects, it may mitigate ! the severity of the judgment which we might i otherwise paas upon their crime. The jury would have fallen short of their duty if they had not convicted Sir John Dean Paul and his partners of the offence charged against them; and yet, on the other hand, it may be thought that it waa possible to temper juatice somewhat with mercy. Considering the peculiar temp tations to which the prisoners had been ex posed, the sacrifices which they had personally made to bolster up the credit of the concern, and the technical difficulties which were en countered in the framing of the indictment, the sentence pronounced was crueUy severe. Four teen years' transportation was the punishment inflicted by Baron Alderson on these men, all of them advanced in years, all men of education and culture, and all accustomed to the enjoy ment of wealth and station. Public opinion, which always in the long run inclines to mercy, felt, when the excitement of the moment was over, that the sentence had been strained to the side of severity. One of the partners died in penal servitude shortly after the commence ment of the punishment, the other two received tickets-of-leave after some five or six years of their term had ex pired, and the remission of their penalty was generally held to have been justified by the circumstances of the case. Many of Sir John Paul's old friends and associates believed in his innocence to the end ; at all events, they believed that his errors had not been the result of de liberate dishonesty. If so, the incident of his death at this hour may serve as an eloquent momento to a numerous class who have recently been contending with similar temptations—men of the best connections, of good intentions, of considerable and undoubted intelligence, who have, in the lurements offered by a fluctuating yet inviting commerce, too often hesitated to "draw the line" between strict integrity and a culpable hazard at the cost of others. To such the memory of the convict baronet may speak like a ghost in Dante. But even the severest censors of public manners will not be sorry to think that for the last half-dozen years of his life the sometime philanthropist, ex-banker, and released convict, lived peaceably in obscurity. If he sinned grievously he also suffered cruelly ; those who can now read that stern lesson most profitably amid the errors of the living, will also look back with tbe most charitable thought for the dead; and even those whom he most wronged may learn with satisfaction that he died neither friendless nor in gaol.— 