AMUSEMENTS. Tua Bontrruan GLAss-BLowans.-The nolemency of the weather on Tuesday did not occasion any diminution in the number of visitors to the popular entertainment of these artistes; but a great many persons who had come to town to attend the races took the opportunity of visiting the troupe, and the attendance was remarkably good. At the close of the performance a larger number of prizes than usual, and of far greater value, were given away. The first prize consisted of a very beautiful piece of glasswork-a pair of love scales enclosed in a glass case. Last night there was again a good attendance, and the first prize was a beautiful model in glass of a full rigged ship. The entertainment will be repeated this .evening and tomorrow evening, the latter being positively the last time in Launcestan. The company appear at Campbell Town on 24th inst. TuIIrna ROYAL.-The X Y Z Club ope led tlhe above place of amusement on Tuesday and Wednes lay evenings. The pieces for both occasions were the "Artful Dodge" anl "The Illustrious Stranger." Between the pieces the Messrs. Alexander produced the illusion spoken of as " Pepper's Ghost." The pieces were well put on the stage, and with one or two exceptions well austained. The voice of the prompter was heard much too often, more especially in the first piece. This did not occur so moah in "The lilustrious Stranger," probably because having been performed before the members of the Club bad less to learn. The amatesrs of the sock and buskin deserve well of their fellow citizens, as all they do is for the benefit of one or other of the institutions of the town; but it would be well if, by making the in terval between the pieces shorter, their enter tainments were brought to a close earlier. Tue GounrAy FAMIZLY appeared at the Town Hall, and were enthusiastically received, though the attendance was not so largo as it would have been had there not been so many counter-attractions in the way of amusement. Since the last appearance of the company in Launceston the entertainment has been made still more attractive by the addition of a new feature, entitled " The Rose and Thistle," which is intended, as in " Mrs. M'Grogor's Levee," to illustrate certain phases of Scotch character. The lovers of music are treated to a violin solo, performed in a first-class style by Mr. Spiller. As we have many times stated, on the former visit of this company, we cannot speak too highly of either Mrs. Gourlay's vocal powers or Mr. Gourlay's act ing. Altogether the entertainment is a most attractive one, and well worth a visit. Last evening the attondence was much larger than on Tuesday evening. This evening the com pany appear at the Theatre Royal, when fresh novelties will be introduced, Mr. Spiller, the Champion Skater, performing on the American roller skates; Little Johnny and his sister Minnie performing the celebrated Indian Basket Trick; and a whip will be presented to the winner of the Champion Race. Tar DOrenes Funeaas N Bosaoe.-A local journal states that the sale of tickets to Charles Dickens's readings began on the morning of the 18th November at 9 o'clock, at the publishing house of Ticknor and Fields. A vast crowd of people has hung about the bonse all day. People began to gather about the doors soon after midnight, and at senrise thousands of expectant persons were patiently awaiting their chances. The regular business of the house has been entirely suspended, and a strong force of police has been in constant attendance. The weather has been intensely cold, yet the utmost order and good humor have prevailed, the crowd cheering the forts nate ticket holders as they passed out, and amusieg themselves by singing "We won't go home till morning," the John Brown song, &o.;, &c.; The excitement beate that whIch prevailed at the Jenny Lind concerts. PanLta.-The Argua has been ahown loven very beautiful pearls, varying in sire fram the smallest shot to the largest por, which wore found at the new pearl fishery of Western Australia, at which piece a large fleet of small vessels are engag.d in the trade, and as the peel shell is very plentiful, and is worth about £140 per ton in the London mar ket, it has opened a very profitable trade. The pearls above mentioned are folly equal in color to the finest Oriental pearls. 