THE NOVELIST. ft UT J TS. Br CLEOFAS. CHAPTER XL It needed do Argument to convince Mr. Stonor that hit life wm less than a pleasant one on board the Star of the West, He was no* convinced that his wife*s SBeiningly tranquil manner was but assumed, and'that she enter tained for him the eame fixed aversion she had deolared on the day pf their tnarriage. His natural shrewdness led him also to see that she and Patty were acting" in concert with eaoh other; but it !had come upon him quite as a surprise to find that Patty knew of his. fling ing Wheatleigh into the river, and though he bad been quite honest in his declaration of admiration for Patty's character, he was not the less sensible of the danger he ran from what she might determine to do in the way of making known to others the terrible informa tion of which she had beoome possessed. He etood in continual fear of her, and as this fear had been superadded to the terrors arising from what he deemed supernatural sources of alarm, his mind was quite the opposite of tranquil. He confessed to himself that it was difficult to preserve the unruffled manner and bearing'he had hitherto prided himself upon being able to exhibit in so high a degree. So he drank more brandy than ever. There arose a storm ; not such a one as to alarm old sailors, but sufficiently violent to make thoee who had not been to Bea before feel very much afraid the ship would go to the bottom. The sea washed over the main-deck incessantly, and it was impossible for any one to maintain a fixed position without holding on very tightly to some part of the veBsel. The wind roared like thunder, and it rained heavily at intervals. Mr. Stonor bad a Blrong prepossession in favour of sufficient ventilatiom and had hitherto slept with the port hole of his cabin open. £eing on the lee side of the ship, he had experienced no inconveni ence from this practice, but during the night following the day that the tem pestuous time begqm, there was a change made in the course of the ship, so that his cabin came to be on the weather side, and a great wave coming and dashing against the side, deluged his apartment in a moment. He was dreaming of fishing in the Seine, and he thought he had drawn up his line, and found Wheatleigh's body at the end of it. He thonght the corpse twined its arms around his body, and tried to pull him into the water, and it was while engaged in the struggle to prevent its doing so, that he was awoke by the pouring in of the sea through the port hole. He leaped out of his berth, and found himself ankle deep in water. His "first impression was that the ship was going to tfte bottom, but'his next was that this could certainly not be, for had he not taken the precaution to work the charm by which he was preserved from death by drowning at any rate? He etraok a light, hastily dressed himself, and went on deck. The sea was running what imaginative people call mountains high, and most of the canvas had been taken in. But the ehip leaned over dreadfully,'and seemed every moment as if she would go on her beatn ends. Mr. Stonor secretly thought of the emerald ring at the bottom of the SeineM and comforting himself with this recollection, he returned to his cabin, and found it in great disorder. The water, to be euro, bad-run off towards the other aide of the ship, but there was a number of articles on the floor of the cabin that had beoome saturated, and as Mr. Stonor did not feel disposed for sleep, he set to work to put these to rights. Agnes woke while he was doing this-the niching in of the sea had not previously disturbed her-and for some time «he watched him, and wondered what he was doing. "What is the matter?" she said. u The water has Dome in at the port-hole, end flooded the cabin. I have been on deok ; it is very rough, and the appearanoe of the sea as alarming, but I hare no fear. You may think it absurd, but I derive great comfort at this moment from the remembrance of my Slaving dropped that ring into the Seine." "Do you really believe in such things f" " I have told you how fax I believe in them. Shere is, at any rate, undoubted evidence of «ome most curious coincidences in connexion trith charms. I cannot oonvfnoe nWself that what u done and What follows stan^ to eaoh .other in the relation of cause and oFeot, but 1 know thattheyseem as if tbey didjand I do ®ot Mft why we should not avail Cnrselves of ~*By «od eveiy advantage whiohthe possibility oftheir so standing may bestow'tipon us." . . ? I apt enough aboutsucsh Ordinary < reedsas «ooepted on the strength of the r being SftW''* of fiatt, but t: '*#.§ * "iff* fed 0? ' ^Jflo had not dipped thering iito thej wine would jrou now have been apprehensive jiifl oc tyi on ^Ws voyage Cf Ihad pot hid /the opporti nity of and Agnes sat after iireakiast in the poop, and watched the bright blue transparent waves- rolling and breaking against the ship's 0106. i i y°u e^eeP through the storm, dear, laBt night?" eaidMrs. Stonor. " Wm there a storm P." Be said so,- I awoke and found him occu pied putting things to rights in the oabin. The water had come through the window and he thought the ship was going d6wn." " I never awoke through thestprm, if storm there was,' said Patty. ""Was he very much afoid.P" No, only he eaid he should have been, but that his having insured himself against drown ing by dropping the.ring into the Seine made his mind easy." '' How is the time, thou, to use this means of adding to his terrors." " Yes, dear, now is the time, but how do you propose to do it, BO aB to make it quite effectual P" " If you will leave it with me and. the old gentleman, I tbink we can manage it." Mr. Stonor grew paler and thinner every day. The face of Julius Wheatleigh con tinually appeared in the dusk of evening, and this apparition was evidently producing a marked effect upon him. At last Agnes almost began to pity him. He had never wavered in his affection for her. He had been, she thought, unjust to himself in refusing to' denominate this feeling by the name of affection. She knew she had plenty of reason to hate him, but, like evepy true woman, she oould not either entirely hate nor altogether despise the man who selected her as the especial object of his affection. And yet she felt it was impossible to forego the right of making him sensible of the baseness of the stratagem to which he had resorted in obtain ing her as bis wife. On the other hand, Patty's resolution to punish him gathered strength by time. She had no motive but the pure and disinterested one of desiring to serve, by any means in her power, the woman to whom ehe owed every thing she pOBeested in the way of social posi tion. Agnes knew this, and ehe felt, therefore, it would be ungrateful, if even ehe herself strongly wished it, to attempt to deter Patty from her set purpoee. As to Julius Wheat leigh, he was in a condition of curious per plexity. He knew that Agnes was lost to him, posBibly for ever, but he felt, nevertheless, that he loved her as much as ever he did. At the same time, the earnestness and devotion that Patty manifested towards Agnes inspired him with feelings of admira tion which he could not help admitting to himself were growing rapidly into tenderness. His hatred to Stonor, however, was implac able, and he had determined that all the business of his future life should be given up to (be endeavour to punish him. So he worked with Patty with that Bprt of keen relish that is experienced by those only whose heart is occupied with a great purpose. Next to Agnes Patty was the dearest to him in the world. He could not forget Agnes, and the bare poBBibility of his forgetting her seemed to him the greatest misfortune that could come to him. But he also told himself that if he could forget, Agnes, or if he had never known her, Patty would be the worthiest of all other women for the bestowal of his affections. He reproached himself for his lack of. constancy, and yet he was sure there was a merit in loving such a girl as Patty. He would un. consciously fall into casuistical musings when left alone, and take himself to task on the Question of whether he bad any right what ever to love Agnes now, or whether, loving her, be was acting honourably towards ber to love Patty too. And then he concluded that loving and bating were not acts of volition any more than the exercise of any of the senses is a voluntary act. He did hot entirely think i' was either impossible or improper to love two women at the same time, especially when one of them had won his affections by her devotion to the other whom first he had loved. His interviews with Agnes became briefer and briefer, for Mr. Stonor seemed to become more and more enamoured of bis wife's society.* If he had not at first been in love with her, he had of late seemingly succeeded in reaching that condition. He read to her, he sang, he played, he sketched* he related his travels-for he had seen most of Europe and some part of Asia-he imagined all sorts of projects for their future. He had determined to work bard, be said, when they got to Melbourne. He thought they might manage very well with what they had. He ,had heard there was the means of anyone qualifying as a barrister in Melbourne, so he bad determined be would beoome a. barrister, and, after all, make a useful figure in the world. It was possible, he said, that his inherent' selfishness might be overooniie, and perhaps,; after all/he might turn out better than every-; Jjody expected-all of wbioli wu ^ecessarijy; agreeable enough for Agnes to hear, for, with-' ! out being a vain woman in the sense in which; vanity is commonly used, ehe was flattered jj and who oould blame her, in' that this ajbpa- { 'tent j reformation had been 'wrought by the; magioofber own influence uponhim. Hut ttuDoidently withtbis feeling there grew up another, which, if it be called by its right name, .cannot be. denominated other than* j&lbufy; bf the growing regard there seemed to' Jbe for Patty by Wbeatlejgtu She knew she did not love Pattyj»»e whit the less than she' bad always loved ber, and ah* bated <herself for Rising even i^otetyt^ni^ of jealousyi but ^ough^l^ T oasuistically like Julioe/ elie wit1 . that jealousy mi one of those passions which come and go independently of volition. Altogether these four people who had started on the voyage with veiy distinct intentions indeed, found their intentions gradually being modified, and it seemed as if, by the time the voyage came to an end, the relations be tween them would be a good deal, if not alto* gether changfed. "My darling," said Patty to Mrs. Stonor, 1 do you know I could almost think you were relenting in jour hatred for your husband." " Do you think so P" "I confess it looks as if you were. ? You seem to tsike more pleasure in hfe society. J admit he is intensely devoted to you, and if you had commenced your married life with simple indifference to him, I should not be in the least surprised at your learning to love him. For his mental accomplishments are quite i sufficient under ordinary circumstances to win ! a woman's regard." i " I think time reconciles us to almost any thing, especially when the thing is inevitable. ' If Mr. Stonor had neglected tne, or had beau I kar8h °r exacting, or watchful and suspicious i my bitter hatred would have preserved its active form. Jut in spite of myself, I cannot help feeling less resentful than I was at fiwt j I sometimes hate myself for not hating him sufficiently. "What does Julius say P" " He Bays he cannot understand you." ! " I cannot understand myself. I do not think I em fickle, nor changing, nor incon stant. But I have begun to pity my husband, and you know bow akin to love is pity. He suffers terribly from being haunted, as he really thinks, by the ghost of Julius Wheat leigh. He drinks brandy continually, and the depression caused by this habit increases his misery, but just in proportion as his misery in creases his love for me grows more manifest. He embarrasses me. I think if I could be free from him, I could forgive him, and even desire to retain his friendship. Or if Julius did not exist, and I had never been tricked into marriage, I could be happy with him." " Agnes!" " You are shocked and disgusted, I dare say." " I am disappointed." " ^ou ar® quite right in being disappointed. You have every reason to think badly of me." " No, I do not think badly of you, but I con fess I am perplexed that after the determined and earnest way in which you vowed vengeance upon him, and after the passionate entreaty you preferred to me to aid you in the work, you should for one moment relent." " I do not. relent, Patty. I only regret it should ever have been necessary to punish him for his perfidy." " Do you think hiB black heart is one Bhade less black than it was the day he forced you to marry him ?" "I have sometimes thought so." "You are mistaken. His intense vanity will be satisfied with nothing lesB rtmn y0ur love, and therefore he will leave undone no thing that by possibility may help him to it. £He has yowed to himself you shall love him, not because he loves you, but because his enormous vanity tells him it is a triumph worth striving for. He knows you have begun to pity him a little, and he will, therefore, make the most of his wretched ness. He is thoroughly contemptible." " Do you think he is contemptible ?" "In the last degree. Any man who believes jn charms and conjurations, and who trembles at the sight of what appears to be a ghost, is contemptible." " But you sometimes find contradictions in the qualities of even great and pure minds. . Some of the moBt eminent of the world's heroes have, been disfigured by almost degrading weaknesses." . "Mr. Stonor is not a great man, and we have seen that he is not a good one. He is at this moment a virtual murderer. He suffers no remorse for the murder he committed, and he would commit more if he found it necessary to bring about his purpose. He would murder me, for instance, if he thought he could do it with safety." "Oh, no!" " Yes he would; he would poison me quietly, and come to you immediately afterwards, look ing tenderly iu your face, and he would say,. * Poor Patty, she was a genuine girl.'" " If I thought he dared to hurt a hair of your head, I should beready to kill him with any own hands to prevent him doing so." " Xbank you, dear, I know you lore me and I am proud of your regard for me. I *h»nV perhaps the very feeling of despair, and the thought that you were doomed to lire for ever w|th him, have had something to do in inducing you to change jour opinion towards him. Be sure of this, - however, that Mr. Wheatleigh is the same a| ever towards you." " Are you sure." " *' Am i sure P What do you mean P" "&ss; not Mr. Whfeatleigh begun to entertains-now don't be angry-a penchant for you P» \ Patty burst into tears. " This is unkind, Agnes.'? " My darling, I did not tnean any unkind ness.". ?>?<??? ? ? " B ut It is unkind to feel jealous of me who havenomotive but to serveyou." ' "Iknowit! Iam saw o^ it! I am pup; your motives are pure as falling snow. Biut I know your powers of attraction, and I ahould: not blame Julius if he did love you. Hocan :.v V" ' ^y6u1cno*PM ;:,t ) A'".' . " Because he ia not likelytoile, andhe h not to be killed. Ob, | am a miserable woman." And tfien ilv cried too, and Patty cried J 8jJ®in t arid after they bad both cried a good deal, and made their ejet very red, and had I otherwise spoilt their beauty, they, better and as lunch was nearly ready, theywcntand bathed (heir eyes with cold water, and then came info the saloon, and Ate some sardines with Taragon vinegar with excellent appetites, Agnes thought all the rest of that day a good deal of wb&t; Patty had said fcoher about Mr. Stonor's assumption of a new character as a means of winning her love, And she deter* mined to watch him muoh' mora closely than ever she bad done. . : . , ' Upon gbing into his cabin that afternoon, Mi-. Stonor found hanging by its neck from a hook in the beam overhead a large hawk, and on examining it a little more closely, he felt | sure it was the one that had fallen upon his breast when they were sitting on Mont St* Catherine. The sight of it affected him strongly, as everything seeming to possess an ominous meaning did. Agnes knew nothing of how it came, there, but she was sura that Patty had placed it, and she was surprised it had not struck him that this hanging it up was Patty's work. He, did not take it down that night, and it was still banging when they retired to rest. It began to blow about mid I night, and the vessel rolled very much. Mr. Stonor could not sleep, so he got up, struck a light, and tried to read. His gaze wandered to ' the hawk, which swayed to and fro in obedience to the motion of the vessel. As he continued to look he saw something flitter on the hawk's claw, and on taking the light close np to it he saw it was the emerald ring he had flung with ! so much care into the river after he had escaped drowning. He shuddered, and his heart sank within him. He took hold of the hawk, and turned it round. It was nothing but a piece of carrion after all, a dried bird with its feathers on, but it inspired him with as much real apprehension as if it had been a demon commissioned to exact from him the fulfilment of a bond in which, the forfeiture of his soul was a principal condition. The ring was real; there was no doubt of that. He looked within the circle and recognised a motto by which, other marks failing, he could identify it. He tried to laugh at hiB fears but he could not laugh them away. The bawk conld be accounted for, but how was it | possible that the ring which he had felt so certain of being at the bottom of the Seine could have come to him save by superhuman hands. But, human or superhuman, he had a firm belief that in some way, whatever the means which she worked by, Patty was at the bottom of all his trouble. He had brought himself to believe, and he had reason for his belief, that he had overcome much, if not all, his wife's repugnance to him. But Patty's aversion was manifestly unconquerable, and it was to him equally unaccountable. He had never done the girl any harm, and he had done all he could to promote her comfort and enjoyment. It never once occurred to him that there is in this world such a thing as pure diBinterestednessrTh'e quality is rare enough so rare indeed as to have been pronounoed impossible-but it exists for aU that, and Patty WBB a living example of it. She loved Agnaa with a pure devotion, in which gratitude had a large share, and her hatred for Stonor was in proportion to her love for Agnes. All this Mr. Stonor could not comprehend. His nature was essentially selfish. He was not coarsely selfish, for his habits had rendered him refined and sensitive. His selfish prompting^ more* over, occasionally took a somewhat roundabout way of manifesting themselves. Thus, in his attentions to his wife he seemed all disinte restedness. His object was to gain the love of the one woman upon whom he had bestowed his love, and hitherto he had found this not possible. His vanity assured him that suoh a difficulty was not insuperable, and it -urged him on, therefore, to continued efforts to overcome the difficulty. Latterly he had began to fthinfc success was about to result from all his en deavours, and now there came the unpleasant hindrance of Patty Hartley, who, he felt, had steadily set herself to thwart him for some reason that he could not comprehend. So be decided that Patty must be got rid of. He would add thereby to the torments of what served with him for conscience, but that was nothing when weighed against the pleasure of triumphing over the hindrances that stood in his way. He determined, therefore, that Patty must be removed. He had with him a small medicine-chest, an elegant miniature thing, of which he always kept the key very carefully on his watch-ohain. He took the chesty out of a drawer, and placing it on bis knee, unlocked it. The of the look awoke Agnes,. although .hiB pre* vious stirring about had not disturbed her. She did not,speak, but lay .watching him and wondering what he was doing. The bright little bottles glittered in the lamplight as he took out one After another, looked at the labels, and returned them to their places. At last he took out One which appeared to be that for which be was searching. Agnes strained her eyesto read the label-a small > gold one, with rod letters upon it-and with aome diffi culty made it out. It was, SOLUTION OF Atbo phte. Mr. Stonor then took from a small drawer in the chest a two-draohm atoppend bottle, jand fitted this about half full with the solutipn out of tbe labelled bottle. ' This last he returned to its plaoe, and ihpn he put the two^ancnm bottle mi one of the {rookets of hp1 waistcoat. fie,theni out {the string which wis ponded tnehawk, and thrust it,, nog' and all,' through port-hole, whioh lie hastily closed as if he expected it to straggle back and insist upon haunting him forever. This done,he seemed relieved, and poured out a glass of brandy, whioh he drankwith much apparent relish.' Buthe looked bsggard, and bis eyes wets hollow, and when ha passed his hand1 wearily ore? his brow, Agiies oould see that his. fingers trembled and clutched uetronaly.: of th«eI signs of mental disturbance. She thought, ui wr-i sure itla something bad/or^our husl»n& jro nothaveit, . , r . * 17 ncohquerable.'*1 ; Bbe^ked. JuJUvawithin half an Hoof wfcal; atropine^,f)|| Julius was iu>tlearnoi;ii* toxicology, and projposed to consult the doctor, which. lie 4m,' aM^rnedfrpm him thatafcro pine <fag the,,alkalnjid .ofbejJaflorinafc ,imd oaaof the moat aotivejofiheri^poticpoisons* , "What do yon think he is going to do with it?" said Eakty. ? , , , ::-T .-. ! .''Kifl somebody* . V ????aK " Whom P.. tfot Apies, surely?' '. J ." , . M No, hewiUnotkillAgtwsyet. It if yok he ineans to ItUl.*' ~ .,, , ";h ," I thick you are right. I am, In Jus ^way. But forewarned, you know," ^ " Yes, bufchoware you to deal with stub a subtlefoe ? A teaspoonful of a colourless and. perfectly tasteless . drug, hut ot sufficient potency, the surgeon informs me, to kUl . dozen people! You -drink a cup of coffee, ? glass of wine, or even a draught jof-, water/and you discern nothing- either in appearance or taste to male you suspeot jhe presence within any of them of a most deadly, and certain poison. How are you to .guard agauut this P* " I cannot tell, but so for we hare guarded, and all goes on well," They dined at three, and Mr. Stonor was gay beyond his wont. The other passengers were delighted with him, and he occupied,the chief place in the conversation. He brought some very fine hock out of his cabin, and told a pretty history of how it was sent to him from a special vineyard on the Rhine, where once he spent a pleasant time. The stalwart old geBtleman watched him carefully. , The hock could surely not be poisoned, for he took ofl' the cap and drew the cork before them alL Besides, he would not give it to the other guests if it were poisoned. He watched him fill fatty's glass, and he saw that before the wine began to flow there was already some clear liquid in it. Patty took the wine, and was in the act of putting it to her lips, when the old gentleman came quickly behind her and dashed it from her grasp. Mr. Stonor turned green, and stood up, trembling very much. " What do you mean, sir, by this outrage ?" " I jnean that you were about to poison that young lady, as you once tried to drown me.'* And the old gentleman pulled off a very accurately-fitting wig and beardand stood before him, the ghost that he had seen at intervals ever since he had been in the ship. There was a terrible scene, and Mr. Stonor rushed madly at Julius, wild with a frenzy he could not control. But at that moment there was a cry of "lire!" There was tramping and rushing to and fro over head, and the cuddy was cleared of its occupants in a moment. Vast volumes of smoke were coming up the main hatchway, and the consternation that prevailed was indescribable. Mr. Stonor was petrified with fear. He stood trembling in a helpless imploring manner, as if he were beseeching somebody to rescue him. There was terrible screaming all through the ship, and women and children were running distractedly in all directions. Julius Wheat leigh, with his coat off, was working libs a horse at the fire-engine, the hose of which was directed downwards where the fire was supposed to he. A rumour ran that the fire had broken out near the powder maga zine. The sailors said there was not much, powder, but enough to cause serious alarm for the consequences if it should explode. The wind drove the smoke in Mr. Stonor^s faoe, and, as he was moving to the opposite aide of the ship, he had to pass close by the hatch way np which it came. As he di4 so a bright flame shot straight up the opening, there was a report which shook the whole slop, and Mr. Stonor fell back senseless, and on fire. The flame which burnt his clothes was speedily extinguished/'but the terrible heat had scorched and charred his face; and his eyes for the rest of his life were never again to receive within them the blessed light of heaven. (2b be continued.) 