Friday - November 27 Before the police-magistrate Thomas Nolan v. Charles Capon; threatening language. Mr Walsh for defendant. Thomas Nolan deposed: Defendant's wife came to my place at Marulan on the 23rd., and I ordered her out; she refused to go, and I took her by the shoul der and put her out; I did not strike her; I did put her out, and she came in a second time, and I again put her out ; as I was putting her out a third time her husband jumped over the fence and put himself in a fighting attitude, and threatened to knock me down if I did not leave his wife alone; I am fright. ened that defendant will do me some injury unless he is restrained; this is not the first time he has threatened me. To Mr. Walsh ; Mrs. Capon came to my house after her goat; she said she would follow her goat wherever it went; I might have written to the in spector of schools complaining of defendant as a schoolmaster; the charges against him were dis missed ; I heard defendant say that he would think as little of shooting a man as eating his breakfast. Alfred Sharp deposed I saw Nolan putting; Mrs. Capon out of his gate; there were no blows struck. Bridget Capon v. Thomas Nolan; assault. Mr. Walsh for plaintiff. Mrs. Capon deposed: I went into defendant's yard on Sunday to turn out my goat; Nolan knocked me against the fence, and bruised my shoulder and tore my clothes; after I went away Nolan came up and made use of very bad language, and shaped at my husband. Adam Welch deposed; I saw part of the row on Sunday; I saw Nolan catch hold of Mrs. Capon and drag her about a good deal. Mr. Walsh submitted that Mrs. Capon had a per. fect right to follow her goat on the plaintiff's land., The police magistrate said after hearing the two canss he would bind Capon over in £10, to keep the peace for three months; and convicted Nolan of the assault, and fined him 1s., and bound him over in £10 to keep the peace for three months. POLICE-OFFICE ROSTER.-December 2,. A. G. De Lauret and A. F. Gibson Esqrs.; 4, W. F. Hayley and A. G. Finley Esqrs. REPRIEVE OF LOUIS DOUCHEF.-The sentence of death passed at the late assizes on Louis Douchef for the murder of Daniel Crotty the Marengo mailman in 1862, has been commuted to fifteen years' hard labor, the first three years in irons. Since his con viction Douchef had behaved In a very becoming manner and was most attentive to his religious duties, though he observed silence on the subject of his guilt. He received the news of his reprieve with great gratitude. ST. ANDREW'S DAY.--Monday next, being St. Andrew's Day, has been proclaimed by the govern ment a general holiday, and will be so observed in Goulburn by the government establishments and by the banks. ACCIDENT.-On Tuesday last Miss Wright, eldest daughter of Mr. Morris Wright of Lockyersleigh, In company with two other females was returning home from Marulan, and as they were cantering through the bush a projecting limb of a tree caught Miss Wright In the face, and dashed her violently to the ground, dislocating the elbow-joint and bruising her very much about the face and body. Dr. Perry at tended the sufrfrer and reduced the dlslocation. BOROUGH COUNCIL.-The council met on Thurs day. Present-the Mayor, and Aldermen Collins, Stewart, Richards, Gale, Lord, and Horn. A letter was read from Mr. W. R. Riley on the subject of access to the minutes of the council's meetings. Resolved that the letter be received and taken Into conslderation next week. The motion of the mayor to consider the most desirable method of borrowing money for permanent works within the city by debenture or otherwise was carried, and it was resolved to apply to the Governor for leave to borrow and secondly by advertising or otherwise to ascertatn at what rate it can be had. Alderman florn moved that the stone kerbing for Auburn street be 12 x 9 Instead of 9 x 9 as agreed on. The extra price for so doing was ascertained from the city surveyor to be £47 2s. 3d., or 3d. per lineal foot. The motion was carried. The city surveyor suggested that the walls of the bridge at the end of Auburn.street would be scarcely strong enough for the weight they would have to bear if carried out as specified, and suggested that they should be carried up with a uniform slope from the foundation to the top of from four feet to two feet, which would add about £20 to the cost. Alderman Stewart moved that the suggestions of the city surveyor be agreed to. Carried. The city surveyor was,instructed to oonsult the Improvement committee in cases of difflcully, or where information respecting the works was required. A motion of Alderman Collins, that the clerk of works be authorised to employ day labour to clear out the drains In Bourke.street and intersecting streets, was referred to the improvement committee, the city surveyor's report thereon to be brought up that day fortnight; Motions by Alder man Collins for expending small sums of from £5 to £25 on Clinton-street, Bourke.street, and Montague. street were lost. Motions by Alderman Collins, for the purchase of wheelbarrows and tools at a coat not to exceed £5, and that the town clerk be Instructed to write to Mr. Scarr, government road overseer, requesting him to cause to be removed the logs placed across the streets along the main southern road, were withdrawn. MUNICIPAL WORKS.--On Thursday a commence ment was made with the works for the erection of the bridge at the south end of Auburn-street; and the forming and kerbing of the same street will be oommenced almost immediately. The city surveyor, Mr. Sadleir, has now been some time at his post; and according to all we can learn he is thoroughly qualified and most efficient officer. The current half year's rates are now due, and an advertisement in another column urges their early payment on account of the works now under contract; and measures are being taken to borrow money as agreed on some time ago. There is therefore every reason to believe that our citizene will soon be able to con gratulate themselves on the improved condition of their thoroughfare. UNCLAIMED LETTERS.-List of unclalmed letters lying at Gunning post.office-- John Alchln, Gun ning; Mrs J. Cantor, care W. J. Guise, Esq., Gun ning; G. Davis, ditto Mrs. S. Robertson, ditto. COMPLIMENTARY BENEFIT TO MR. B. BROWN. — In the various amateur theatricals that have from time to time been of late years held In Goulburn Mr. B. Brown has been more than usually eminent. It is seldom that an amateur evinces such an actor. like appreciation of the character he undertakes, or has such command over his voice and action. It is therefore no wonder that he has been always re garded as the principal source of strength to the companies. On Thursday evening a number of amateurs gave him a complimentary benefit in the hall of the mechanics' institute, which was extremely well filled. The performance opened with the first act of Hamlet, Mr. Brown taking the part of the hero. There is no doubt this is an ambitious piece for amateurs, and taxes the powers of finished actors. Nevertheless Mr. Brown's impersonation was such as would not have disgraced any stage, and drew forth repeated bursts of applause. The other characters were well sustained. The platform of the mechanics' institute is however altogether too small for the ghost scene; and this places the per formers at a considerable disadvantage. The second part of the entertainment consisted of songs and recitations. Paddy Malone In character was ad mirably sung and elicited a deserved encore. The recitation the Death of Montrose was given with great splrit and a proper conception of the feelings supposed to actuate the old Scottish retainer. Enoch Moss's Opinion' of Womankind, and the comic songs, Married on Wednesdee, and the Naughty Little Boy were encored, when the gentle man who sang the latter performed a dance in a style not olten excelled by profesional dancers. The Iaughable farce of the Spectre Bridegroom followed and kept the company in good humour to the close all the characters being exceedingly well sustained. The instrumental part ol the muslcal portion of the entertainment was exceedingly well rendered. At the conclusion of the performance Mr. Brown was called before the curtain, when he appropriately thanked the audience for their attend ance and for the support they had given him on the occasion. THE WEATHER AND THE CROPS. —During the last week the weather has been extremely hot and dry, and we are once more in want of a few showers of rain. Many of the usual summer whirlwinds conveying large columns of dust into the air have been witnessed within the last few days, some of them tasting for several minutes instead of for a few seconds only as is generally the case. The crops throughout most parts of the district look well. Messrs. Thomas and Davis of Garroorigang, in the immediate neighbourbood of the town, have wheat nearly six feet high, and Mr. Charles Blackshaw yesterday showed us from his paddock, also close to town, a sample of oats upwards of five feet in height. Taking all things together, although esome people are beeinning to complain, there seems every reason to suppose that the crops will be quite up to the average this harvest. THE GOVERNMENT OF NEW SOUTH WALES OB TAINING MONEY UNDER FALSE PRETENCES!—Not a bad joke comes to us from Gunning. When the police magistrate of Goulburn was there on his last monthly visit the senior constable desired to lay informations against several residents for not register Ing their dogs. However the police.magistrate told the offiloer that the Dog Act had never been extended to the town of Gunning. The constable said that there was provision made in the Towns Police Act for dealing with the cases; but it turned out that the only provision respecting dogs is in cases where they attack people. The worthy officer was therefore obliged to content himself with saying that if the law were not as he sup posed, it ought to be. It seems that ever since courts of petty seslions were established at Gun ning some four or fire years ago the townspeople have been in the habit of registering their dogs and paying the prescribed fee, which the clerk of the court has duly sent to the treasury, where it has been received and acknowledged. It would be interesting in a small way to know whether each of the persons who have thus paid can or cannot main tain a criminal prosecution for obtaining money under false pretences against any officer of the gov ernment; or whether by actions at law the amounts illegally received can be recovered. CRICKET. —MARRIED V. SINGLE. —The cricket match between the married and single players of Goutburn will be played on Monday (St. Andrew's Day), in the race-course paddock, instead of, as pre. viouely announced, on the Lansdowne cricket ground, in consequence of the refusal of the new proprietor, Mr. Solomon Emanuel, to allow any more sports to come off there. We are sorry that this long estab lished resort for pastimes and recreations should have been taken away from the citizens of Goulburn. The following players are requested to meet at ten a.m. on Monday: - For the married - Messrs. Belcher, Riley, Gillesple, Twynam, Nichols, Cohen, Sutton, Fletcher, Sibson, Betts, Payten. Single Chisholm, E. Gilleepie, Teece Rowbotham, All worth, Allman, Williams, Craig, Dalglish, French, Waugh.-Communicated. WESLEYAN MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT SOCIETY.-The usual weekly meeting was held on Tuesday evening last, Mr. Sutton in the chair. One new member was elected. After the transaction of some formal busi ness, the chair was vacated by Mr. Sutton, and taken by Mr. Morris. The ex-chairman then delivered a lecture on the Rise and Procrees of Railways. The lecturer introduced his subject by a general refer ence to the opposition offered to innovations in works of progression. He dwelt at some length on the principal features of the rise of railway works in England, and in plain and instructive facts illus trated the value of railway operations. The various improvements which have been effected in locomo tives, the iron rails, and in the architectural charac ter of the railway buildings were descanted upon. Having referred to the extent of railways in Great Britain, America, and India, statistics were adduced instituting a comparison between the Australian colonies in railway successes. New South Wales, although first in the field, is the slowest in pushing on to the borders of the colony. The lecturer con cluded by observing that local jealousies had pre vented the pushing on of one main trunk to the borders, and thereby had weakened the inflence and success of the railways of New South Wales. The lecture which was listened to with marked attention occupied an hour in its delivery. A vote of thanks on the motion of the secretary was unani mously accorded. It was announced that on Tuesday evening next a debate will take place-the intention being specially to allow the junior members to take part. It will be opened by Messrs. Field and Dunton.-Communicated. ' THE RACE HORSE TROILUS.-Telegrams to the Sydney daily papers stated that Troilus, one of the horses engaged in the late Ten mile Race at Wagga Wagga had since died. This appears to have been incorrect, as the Wagga Waggs Advertiser of Wednesday has the following paragraph :-The staunch old veteran, Troilus, who, we are happy to say, has quite recovered from his toils of Friday last was put up to raffle, thirty tickets, at £2 each, on Monday night. It was won by Mr. Fennell, but was immediately bought back by his old owner, Mr. Flood, for £30. Troilus left town yesterday for a long spell, which he both wants and deserves. APPOINTMENTS.-His Excellency the Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council, has been pleased to appoint Alfred McFarland, Esq., barrister. at.law, to be district.court judge and chairman of quarter.sessions for the southern district, in lieu of the metropolitan and coast district; and also, George Bowen Simpson, Esq., barrister-at-law, to be one of the district court judges and one of the chairmen of quarter-sesslons for the metropolitan and coast dis trict, In lieu of the southern district-to date from the 7th instant; also, Frederick Wheeler Vyner, Esq., police.magistrate, Tumut, to be coroner for the districts of Adelong, Tumut, and Tumberumba. TENDER ACCEPTED.-The undermentioned tender has been accepted by the government ;Mr. R. Ken nedy, works on road, Goulburn to Boro. THE HARVESTS.-Accounts from South Australia inform us that hay harvesting has commenced with vigour, that mowing of barley has begun in many fields, and that the wheat harvest promises very well though here and there slight marks of rust have been detected, .Combined with this information we have advices as to the cheering agricultural prospects of Victoria; and it is satisfastory to be able to announce that the harvest prospects of this colony, though the recent rains have not been as general as was desir able, have exhibited within the last week or two manifest signs of improvement. From the Hunter distriot the sounds of gratulation have been the first to meet the ear; The harvest, though affected to some extent, and in some places very largely, by rust, will almost treble the yield of seasons dating back to the old times, before the floods had worked so much destruction in the district." The reports from the county of Cumberland are equally encour aging; and In the Singleton district farmers who have been for the last five years unable to secure a crop sufficient even for family use, have now the prospect of reaping hundreds, and in some instances thousands of bushels beyond their own requirements. At Tamworth reaping will shortly be general; the crops are spoken of in the most glowing terms, and a most prolific yield is anticipated. The gloomy picture recently presented of the farmers' prospects In the Dubbo district Is now acknowledged by the local journal to have been slightly overdrawn; Some of the agriculturists say they will have toler ably fair grain-crops, and that the grain will be much plumper, heavier, and of better quality than last year. Taking the extreme dryness of the season into consideration, the harvest In the Wellington district will not be so very bad, in some parts of the western districts the hay crops will be light on account of their being in accordance with a negligent system of oultivation, self-sown; but the wheat crops are promising in favourable situations where the land is not exhausted. At Carcoar, the rain, though light, was of great benefit to the wheat, corn, and potatoes. At Mudgee-which had not been favoured with a share of the molstuire- the crops are generally inferior, athough In some instances fair. One of the best patches of wheat is estimated at twenty bushels to the acre. There have been no recent reports from Bathurst. In some parts of the Monaro country - the crops are in good' order, and it is thought generally, that a good harvest will be obtained,. At Gundagal the wheat crops look well, although a continuance of dry weather would affect them injurlously. Frosts have been experienced at Yass and Gundaroo; but It Is not certaIn they have done much damage. - In that part of the colony, however, frosts are generally experienced after light showers of rain. The accounts from Shoalhaven are not satlcfactory; but better reports may be looked for, as it seems probable that ihe coast districts may yet be benefited by a plenteous downfall.- Taking into consideration the vast area of this colony, and its various climatic characteristics, the reports upon the whole lead to the assumption that the harvest generally wii be ln excess of the average, while the increased facilities offered to the farmers of bringing their produce to a favourable and-certain market must have the affect of equalising prices, and of exercislng an influence upon foreign importations. Empire. ALLEGED MURDER OF A STEPFATHER BY HIS SON. —On the 5th instant a magisterial inquiry was held at Tuena, on view of the body of John Moss, of Cook's Vale, then lying dead. Senior-constable Cotter, of Tuena, deposed that on the 29th October he received information that a man named John Moss had been seriously injured in the most vital parts by his stepson, James Bright, on the previous night, at Mrs. Cox's hut, Kangaloola Creek; wit ness went there and saw John Moss lying on the grass writhing about in great agony; asked Moss, in Bright's presence, what was the matter with him; Moss said that a quarrel had taken place on the pre vious evening between his stepson. James Bright, and himself, about a sheep which Moss had sold to Daniel Evans; he had called Bright a b— liar, upon which Bright struck him on the nose, and Moss returned the blow; a scuffle ensued, which termi nated by Bright pushing Moss backwards on a bunk that was composed of a sheet of bark on a frame; the frame broke with Moss's weight and he fell through the bunk, and got entangled in the frame; when in this position Bright kicked him under the bunk in a very vital place; he kicked twice he thought; shortly after Moss was taken very ill; on the 31st October witness went with James Hall, Esq., J.P., to Moss's residence, and by directions took his dying declaration; Moss died on Tuesday, 3rd November.—Dr. O'Brien of Rockley deposed to attending upon deceased the day before his death; that he had made a post mortem examination by order of Mr. Hall, J.P.; when witness first attended on deceased he was suffering from a severe contusion on the lower parts, caused by violence; he was alive, but in great danger; at the post mortem examina tion of the body he found extensive inflammation in a particular part, sufficient to cause death; the irri tation of the bladder and the inflammation alluded to were sufficient to cause death, and a kick would produce such results.—Margaret Moss deposed that she was the wife of the deceased, and had been married to him nearly six years; had one daughter by him; deceased was sixty-four years of age, but had no medical attendance until lately, when Dr. O'Brien came to him, in consequence of the hurt which he had received from James Bright; he died on the 3rd November instant.—The magistrate after bearing further evidence, found that death resulted from an injury inflicted by deceased's stepson, James Bright, at Kangaloola Creek, on the 28th October. James Bright was brought up at the police-court, Tuena, on the 6th November, before H. M. Keightly, Esq., P.M., on a charge of wilful murder. Senior constable Cotter repeated his former evidence, and added that Bright said he kicked deceased when under the bunk, but that he did not mean to kick him in any particular place; Bright complained that deceased had sold one of his mother's sheep to Dan Evans ; deceased said the sheep did not belong to Bright's mother but to himself, and that he bought it out of money he got for his wheat; words ensued ; Bright said to Moss, in witness's presence, "did you call me a b— liar before I struck you? " deceased said, "I did;" "did you not say I was a — ?" deceased replied—"I believe I did;" witness was present when deceased made his dying statement to Mr. Hall, J.P., which is as follow:—I, John Moss, of Cook's Vale Creek, in the colony of New South Wales, farmer, do hereby solemnly and sincerely declare that on Wednesday evening last, at Kan galoola Creek, at Mrs. Cox's, I sat down to get my supper; James Bright, Bernard Connors, and Mrs. Moss were present; words passed between me and James Bright; Bernard Connors tried to prevent Bright from doing anything to me, but Bright pushed him on one side; Bright then struck me in the face twice, and I then struck him; Bright pushed me back on a bunk, and I fell through it, when he kicked me in a dangerous place; I believe that kick caused my present illness; I soon got very ill, and asked Bright to go for his mother.—Bernard Connors was present, and deposed that he went during the scuffle outside the hut; in about fifteen minutes Moss came out; it was about eight o'clock, and moon light; Mrs. Cox had run away somewhere; Moss went away in great pain; Bright came out and said, "he's going for Tom Moss and Dan Evans; but if they come here I'll leave them one short;" Bright then went inside and loaded his gun, I think with ball; I advised him to fire his gun off, which he did. —The evidence of Thomas Moss, Daniel Evans, Dr. O'Brien, Mrs. Moss, and Mrs. Cox was taken, but nothing fresh elicited. Previous to committal Bright said, "I did not kick him on the second occasion but on the first." He was committed to take his trial at the next quarter sessions to be held at Bathurst on the 15th February.—Empire. UNIFORM TARIFF FOR THE AUSTRALIAN COLONIES. \--We learn from the Melbourne Age of the 19th instant that at the usual fortnightly meeting of the committee of the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce, held on Tuesday afternoon week, Mr. J. Lorimer, the president in the chair, and present also Messrs. Blackwood, Bright, Kendall, R. H. Smith, Steven son, Spowers, and Strachen, after the preliminary business, the president brought under the considera tion of the committee the subject of a uniform tariff and a custom union for the Australian colonies. After discussion, the fol!owing resolutions were adopted:-"That In the opinion of this committee it is desirable that one uniform tariff be adopted throughout the Australian colonies. That in order to secure that object, It is expedient that a com merclal or customs union be established, the custom houses at the various ports being constituted port tions of one establishment, collecting on behalf of the union, and the net aggregate revenue being ap portioned amongst the several governments in the ratio of the population of their respective colonies. That the adoption of such a reform in the mode of collecting the customs revenues would immensely facilitate the operations of trade, would greatly lessen the cost of collecting, to each government, and would tend greatly to promote the prosperity of each of the colonies embraced In the union,' That it is advisable that the views of the neighbouring chambers of commerce on this question be ascer tained and that the secretary communicate with the several committees on the subject." ' In the same journal of date the 21st instant. appears the follow log -"- A despatch has been received from the government of New Zealand, requesting the Vic torian government to take part in a conference to be held at Sydney early next year to take into con sideration the expediency of establishing free trade between the colonies, not only in articles the pro due thereof, but in imports from America. It is also proposed to reconsider the subject of mall com munication with Great Britain." THE LATEST SNAKE STORY. —A few days ago one of the shepherds employed on the Demondrille station, between Binalong and Murrumburrah, re ceived a wound on one of his hands, the swelling and pain of which laid him up for some time. One day last week while lying down end casting his eyes towards the foot of his bed he discovered that a large black snake shared his couch with him, and that the reptile was busily occupied catching flies. The unfortunate shepherd was horror stricken and knew not what to do. In his fright he appears to have disturbed his snakeship, for it glided from off the bed and made tracks from the hut. On getting outside it was noticed by a man who was passing at the time, and speedily killed. It mea sured ever five feet in length, :Very many snakes have been destroyed at.Demondrille this season, amongst the number a carpet-snake, six feet long, by Mr. Vere Besnard,-Yass Courier. HORRIBLE INHUMANITY. —We have heard of an occurrence alleged to have taken place not far from Cootamundry, which for the sake of our common humanity we trust is unfounded. If true, the police have certainly been very lax in the performance of their duty. It seems that a married woman, when near her confinement, was abandoned by her hus band, who is stated to have left with a paramour, and no provision made for what was speedily to hap pen. Some days afterwards the unfortunate mother was found dead; the body partially extended on the bed, and the infant also dead. We cannot more fully refer to the terrible picture which the interior of the hut presented; and were it not that our in formant is a medical gentlemen, we should be in clined to imagine the occurrence of too brutal and inhuman character to have any foundation in fact.— Yass Courier. DESPERATE ASSAULT UPON THE UNDER SECRE TARY TO THE QUEENSLAND GOVERNMENT. —A tele gram from Brisbane reports a shocking occurrence at that place on Tuesday at about half past twelve o'clock in the day. It appears that a gentlemen, lately a police- magistrate in some part of Queens and well known in Brisbane, made an attack with a tomahawk upon Mr. A. W. Manning, the principal under secretary to the Queensland govern ment, and brother to Sir William Manning; and inflicted such injuries that, at eight o'clock yesterday evening, our telegram announced the report of the medical attendant to be unfavourable. A later telegram, however, dated nine o'clock, conveys the more agreeable intelligence that, thus far, Mr. Man ning was progressing favourably. He received four cuts on the head and neck. It is said that the person who committed the crime had been sus pended from his office, and that he had purchased the tomahawk with which he subsequently made the attack upon the under secretary. It obvious however, that at this distance it would be decidedly wrong to form any particular conclusions at present., and we must wait for further information. - Mr. Manning is progressing favourably. No inflamma tory symptoms have sat In. The person who attacked him with the tomahawk is Mr. Frank Bowerman, lately police-magistrate at Leyburn.— Empire. ROBBERY OF THE GOONDIWINDI MAIL. - Intelli gence was brought into Tamworth during the past week (says the Examiner) that the mailman convey. ing the malls from Zetman, on the Macintyre River to Goondiwindi, in Queensland, was stuck-up and robbed on Saturday last by a man who is believed to have been Thunderbolt. The particulars of the rob bery have not come to hand; but we believe all the letters were opened and everything valuable ab stracted. There is also every reason to believe that the robber was the notorious Ward, as he has been heard of in this direction lately. THE NEW EPISCOPALIAN CHURCH IN ARALUEN. — The laying of the foundation of the new Episcopalian church in Araluen on Tuesday afternoon was the occasion of one of the most numerous gatherlngs of people that has ever taken place in the valley. The ceremony was performed by the R.W, master of the masonic lodge, the brethren of which walked in pro ceesion from the lodge-room; followed by a large number of Sunday-school children. At the hour for forming the procession the residents of the Valley turned out in great numbers, all respectably attired, the principal places of business were closed, and the procession of over a mile long with the crowded thoroughfares all bore witness to the interest taken in the affair. A number of visitors went down , from Braidwood and vicinity.-- Braidwood Dis patch. BIRDS' NEST BUILDING.-It has often been rE marked that, although not a domestic bird, the swallow exhibits the least amount of timidity in its contact with our race. Its nests are built under the eaves of our houses, and In many cases In the very rooms themselves.. A remarkable instance of nest building may be seen at the present time in the vestibule of Mr. Hart's Royal Hotel in Cooma street. Immediately above the street.door bell, and on the very spring which causes its agitation when the crank Is moved is a swallow's nest, and strange to say there are just now unfledged birds in the nest who appear to be quite undisturbed by the sound that is to awaken attention in the furthest part of the largo pile of building.-Yass Courier. ALLEGED DISCOVERY OF A GOLD-BEARING QUARTZ REEF.-On Friday last a person who Is well known in Yass brought into town a very fine piece of gold weighing over one ounce, which he asserted was procured from some pieces of quartz which he had pounded up. The gold had been roughly extracted from the quarts and formed a button about as large as a penny piece, and about three or four times as thick.. It was purchased by Mr. Cottrell of the Southern Store. The seller desired his name not to be mentioned. He asserted that as he was riding past a certain locality he noticed what he thought to be a quartz reef cropping out. On examination he discovered it to be auriferous, and broke pieces off. These he pounded up, with the result stated above. He also said he would soon return to Yass with a much larger quantity of gold. Since the person referred to left town, it has been stated that the gold sold was procured from several rich speci mens got at Adelong and elsewhere some years ago and it Is not impossible that the truth may be found in the latter assertion. . Mr. Joseph Hart purchased on Saturday, nearly three dwts of gold which had been washed out of the soil on the Yass River.-Yass Courier. 