TllE JIE^Ru'aRY \ PERIOJDiqAis. : Tennyson Beems;tobe coming out in the.peri pdical line. Short piecea from his. peri have ap peared lately in Once a Week and Qood Words ; andinthe -number. of Macmillan befor,e;us the first thing we, meet is a couple of .verses in whioh he has finely condensed a world of ethical thought., The; Dean of Westminster contributes some personal recollections of Philaret, Archbishop i'; arid, Metropolitan of Moscow. The best thing iir the number is the paper on ' Milton's ' Political Opinions' by Professor Seeley. Comparing Milton with Carlyle the '-writer says :— ' Elements 'which in Carlyle struggle were reconciled in him. How strangely in Carlyle do the two convictions battle with each other ! —We must have liberty, else there' can be nor life ; and- we must have despotism else there can be no organisation. And so he has given us in his ' Cromwell', and, 'French Revolution' 'two great historical dramas, both of which be-' gin with the throwing-off of despotism in order to gain power; and end with the recurrence- to despotism in order to gain organisation. But Milton never, ceased ,to believe that life and or- ganisation, liberty and order,' could be recon- ciled-; : 'his faith does not deem ;to have been shaken even by the failure of - the experiment in his own age., As I have said, this was owing, not merely' to a sanguine temperament. It was owing to a higher view of what can 'be done by culture; 'Milton held it possible to produce by 'training, in no short supply, the manhood and moderation, which can do without heroes, because it is itself heroic.' ?^The condition of Ireland comes up 'every-/ '? 'where ' at .present. ' The Fo%tniglitty*'lZcpiew \ has two artioies onp the subject. One entitled' ' Ireland in 1868,' by T;E.- OUffe Leslib1; the other, ' Fenianism' arid the Irish Church,' by ' James Godkin*: We have never met with any-' thing more to the purpose than' Mr -Leslie's; article, and after reading it wereally begin to see a way : out of ? the .Irish difficulty . ; If, there j be, , as he avers j, twp .economic currents, fiowing in Ireland-^a current.,qf iprogress :and;a-current . of retepgressipn, the object; of British, legist latiye efifbrt must be t9 promote the former and. , arrest the latter. ;To indiqate'the twp different currents he' sdys : ' Draw a lino between east and weBt from Londonderry to Cork, arid on the eastern side, the one nearest to English markets, Engliah1 influence '?-'- and English example, it will be found ithat the main current is one of progress, ithough not without an op posito stream; while on the western side,' though the main current is one: which barrier 3esbhxtion along with it, there are i yet soat tered indications of improvement, opme from an English source arid wearing an .English, form.' Further on ke says,:— .', .; ;.; ' There is no source from .whioh improve; . ment'ean come to the stagnant and! re trogres- sive quarters of Ireland save from English oon neotibri and English legislation. A great arid benevoleat .statesman \b^ reported, , indeed ta have said that Ireland ought to be governed aoooruing to Irish ideas. But what are Irish' ideas?' Are they the - ideas of the; Catholic clergy, an eminently uvirtuous. class beyond; question, but, surely not the one to govern a, nation in our time ?. Are they the ideas of the best 'educated Catholio laity, a quiet clas3,' who keep their ideas too much to themselves ? Are they the ideas of the largo Anglo^Scotoh arid Protestant population of the island, whose Ideas'ard English, with a little provincialism ?, Or are they ideas, perchance, which are riot - Irish in any sense, but the ideas of the Pontiff and Cardinals of Rome ? Whe^eye^what are called Irish ideas are closely exain'ined, tnby' will turn out, if Irish at all, to be the ideas, not of a nation,- but of a class or a section ; and Ire land has had pnly too much of class legisla tion and sebtional government. It is English ideas— the ideas of the nearest part of civilised and progressive Europe-r-jthat are wanted fpr, the fcpntrol and guidance of Ireland ; but when I say 'English, ideas, I mean the ideas of the present English nation', 'riot of ' the Anglo 1 Norman barons of the feudal age. wnat men is the English .nation, to do for Ireland ? No, single measure, it tnay at once.be affirmed, will mako Ireland gerieraliy prosperous, or appease . the discontent existing 'among a large., portion of its inhabitants. A combination of measures is necessary to; arrest the progress of sedition, to encourage ''' improvement in farming, to facititate the rise of- a .' class of yeoman and peasant! proprietors^ to ^remove :legal impedi ments to the development of tho natural re sources of the island, and natural impediments which individuals cannot remove, to make its real L condition '? arid resoureds known in Eng land, to diffuse agricultural skill, to check the enormous evil of. absenteeism, and to bring all Ireltvrid closer to England, and to tho markets arid progress of the European world.' '?' ? Mr Leslie says nothing about- tho Epiacopal Establishment' in Ireland, but Mr Godkinhas pkrity to aay; and judging by the irritating cdiirse which he repreaonts thp ProteBtant bishops and clergy as pursuing in reference o their Catholic brethren, it if) high time they set their house in. order.. Frederic Seebbhm,1 the author of ;' The Oxford Re formers,' baa a thoughtful arid very afele arti cle ' On the Christian Hypothesis arid the Method of its Verification.' His object is to get philosophers of the positivist school to look ; at the phenomena presented in Christ's life and in : Christian': history with, Ies3 of the hauteur and .contempt which some of . them: have mani fested of late: but his way of putting the miracles and : leading doctrines of Christianity is emuiently deserving attention on the part of all iheologia'ns ' who would feign effect a reconciliation between religion and science. The political article in St.. PauVs is well worth reading for the, sake of the side lights it casts upon topics which coriie rip iri connection with bur own affairs. ; The question discuBsed is, 'Whom shall we make leader, of the new Houbo of Coinmoria f ' Haven't we, or rather hasn't a portion of the public, been asking, though with poor results, a similar question, during' the last. three, woeka?- Haven't \va always here, as at home', some membera who call themselves independents? And every now and then haven't we the doctrine preached to '??: U3: that it .is base fpr any member .to follow a leader ?. Now. what does ,St. -Paul's say ;: ' We. all know that nothing, in politics can be carried, by such men; Catholic Emancipation, Reform, Repdal of the .Corn Laws and Frea Tirade generally have not come from their en deavors. It is admittedthat the practical man in the House of Commoas must belong to a party. 'We have had no truly great oremi^ nentiy useful ' man iri .the House Bince tha Hpuse has had an : intelligible history, who has.j refused: to submit;, himself to party: bonds. : It, would be as well, for a soldier or a regiment -to, propose to go out into the field during the battle, and to dp a- little, fighting apart, still meaning that the fighting should bo done for the^natjorial cause,, as for a politician .% suppose that he can carrjr his measure with bht concession to the views'of others-^-without -fighting; that is, in his own caase, indeed, but in cornpliance^with the 'tactics and strategy of . the wing by which the victory is to bo won.' [Again, in reply (tb $hose who ore for- measures^ ; riplj men,oit: is;well said;: fVMeiiBures: and riot , men arei no doubtj, what w.e/'arev ally strugging ? ,,to put ^forward;;,, iThi^ofiCpurae w true-; but 'men are - the means.to measures, and to poli tical Measures they are, the only fmeans within the! compassf of the ordinary bitizen's. reach. ' Arid if this/be true, it must be true also that npthing.in pplitica can be efieoted. under a free goyernriient wthout'ptotysubmissien aridparty ?fidelity. Thi^ is now 'acknowledged as a ^ truth, iaa fafa's practice may be taken as ari acknow ledgment' in tb.'e::gov'ernm6nt; of every great existing' Iririgdbm inlthe earfhiin'the formation ? of which there is any 'attempt or, pretence of at ,tempti;at constiWtionalform.', To those who are' now obliged to admit that they are in a ^minority wfi commend the follpwingremark :— 'There may,be battles , in the House ; but no one ^rea^s, , of : fighting against public opi- ; inon.f' ,Thia remark is the riipre noticeable aa : coming' after a statement to the effect that ' '? the popular exp'reasion of political feeling in ^thej country cannot do1 more than carry a bare, majority of members irito the House of Com monsi' The writer of the artible is deci*«-Uy in favor of GladBtbne-being'aoknowledged and followed as 'the leader of the Liberal party. An article; 'On 'Shooting^':' which will interest .sportsmenj'is followed by - one 'On Hurnan Lignitbs,' whioh will ,be;read with a chuckle by all ^vhp likeia little' genial; oyniciBm.' B v human , iigriites, tne writer, means 4U^- .-^°P^ PeoP^e- They;hav,e, he says, 'a grand function. They form the respeotability of/ the nation. Jt is to their calm impassiyenessy to the BtatuB-like iriimobility, of their moral features, that men look rip for the rule of life, in ihe solemn gravity^; o! their grand maxiia, ? we never do it,' there iB a bbundleis depth of wisdom. Whero the^erwords''ring''out, argument never cemes, ? and reason retires abashed and humiliated. ,«IWe never'do:it''is Btrbnger than logicjuBt Las, the. natural, ;affections of mankind are stronger than. law. ? We. never do it' ia not merely. prohibitive:; '.'it is condemnatory ; it declared that while you and I, in our ignoranco, may be habituated; to ? this, that, on the pthor, there is, to the higher appreciation of 'superior natures, a warning voice audible enough to say, 'Dp not do. it.' This voice . lignites hear ; and from their over- watch- fulness,' as one would say ,-: they were ever listening for its utterances.'; Then comos an article' oh 'the ^riah Cliurph, in -which the ques tion; of abolition is discussed pro and. cor.; with'out a deoision either, way exaotJy. , ' Paul Gqsslett's 'Confessions '? is a capital story, and with the usuai instalments of «'A11 for Greed'.' and 'Phineas Finn' o very good number is completed. ' , Turning :.to Tinsley's Magazine, the first thing to attract our attention is the paper headed ?' A Colonial. MiniBtei?.' The first paragraph shows that Victoria is the colony, and M* Grant the Minister referred to. Theobjeotof the writer is manifest. Ho has a spito against our present Ministers in general, and against Mr Grant in particular ; he has also a grudge against the people and institutions of tho colony ; and to gratify his personal animosity ho has not hesitated to calumniate our ohar acter abroad. Every reader of the artiolo will feel himself compolled- to ask who ia there bo basoiaa to have written a thing like this. There ia a' studied appearance of its having been written by an individual who accompanied Mr Grant to Avoca at the general election four years ngo, for tho purpose of reporting the Minister's specbh on tho land question ; but it may be that the mask of a' reporter'haa been assumed to divert attention from the real cul prit ; for it ia a culprit's deed, and if not done by tho. reporter in q^bstionj he has reason to complain of Lad usage. ' One thing, however, is certain,. that.be the individual who Ho may, . he is^,or' .was ^connected, with that Mel-, bourne, ; journal '?' which . has . become . no torious for! keeping an \\. 'organisation.': The American Fenian whose, ravings were admitted into a previous number of the maga zine meetsmore than/his match in Miss ; Cqbbe, who contends :that ' Ireland for the Irish' must henceforth mean1 '.'Ireland; for the Anglo Irish Loyalists.- '-Is it the American Fenians,' she agks,;';who. abandoned Ireland long ago, and have - become .citizens of another. State, who tell us openly that no- sacrifices we can offer them,' nothing snortof the disinemembe'r ment'/of . biir ' empire^ will appease their, ran cor? '' .'.' Is ','. 4-t ,'.-'.th.Q3e ! - Americans,-... or -those other. Fenians who, dwelling still in Ireland, have v earned .nothing jj done nothing. L for.' their own or the publio benefit, but 'have kept up^ineosaant Sisaffeotiori arid disturbance, ' to the1 'ruin ''of Ireland's industry. ,arid com- ' . merce'? ! Or, is ' it , ,the '.. Anglo- Irish.' Loyalists. . who l',aye alone kept, alive whataver qf.cul.tiya-. ? tion, or trade, or manufacture the -island pos sesses, who are:!to Ireland ?order, ;'- law, and' ? civilisation,- and without whom, in' a year, she ' would, lapse into the^ condition, of 'the Feejee islands' ? V, ,UndeVthe title of ^Plunging.)' the' recklesss gambling now unhappily prevalent in connection with the turf is severely condemned. What avails such condemnation : Do any of the fools whbplunge into tjie vortex of gambling ever listen to the voice of sober reason ' or , to the remonstrance, of conscience ? .Passing over one or two papers, which are mere pad ding, and some of : them poor enough ''? even as that— the . ! ' ' Hbti .', '.Alice ' Brand's correspoh -dence' to '.?''.' wit— T£e find something' to interest' us. .. in. an,, account ? of a visit paid, to. a. charity recently . established in London for the', purpose of providing dinners: of wfrblesbine food for1 poor children.' Amid the many worthless ' experiments for benefiting the needy it'- is something to find -one full qf^ fair promise. ., ....... P;;-.- / ...,.--.;..,; ?,,..,! Mr 'Gladstone 'in the1 second part of his essay' on ' ftcce Horns*' in j Qq'od Words, proceeds tb:: exaniine' the, personal. history of ; our- Lord. asu given^in; the' first three -Gospels ; the discourses . of then; first /three Gospels, and certain sum maries giveri in thenl oi : Ouv^Lord's teaching ; the injunctions often \deh'yered to those who had been the [sn'bjects'br [Witnesses ofVmiracuV lous cure or.-relie'^; ;tlie -method of teaching hy[ parable ;'. .the vcommissions or ; charges' 'given to the twelve' apostles' and^th'e seventy disciples'; tho distribution. 'of ' dqchinal' teaching 'in'.' the , gospel of S. t.' Jph'n .,; 4ridi s^riis op .the results of the examination in.the following'words :-rr: -. ' It dppeawrth'en, oni tho' whole, as 'respects ? the person 6fouriLord','th£ttits ordinary exhibi tion , to' Ordinary;; h/earers'and spectators 'was . that of ;a^Man'enga:ge'd'lin'the!best, ririd'holiesti ' and t'ohderest ministries/ ftniong allj the -sad-' dest of human^miseries aiid' trials ; of -One teaching, in word, too; the' best, arid lioliest,v and tende'rest r lessons ; -'and claiming, urie quivocallyaad without aptoeol, a divine autho rity for what he said arid -did ; but beyond this : asserting respecting hiinself nothing, and leav- ? ing himself to be freely judged by the character of his'w'ords and' deeds;' ; : ' ?'?'.' ' '? ' ? Having reached this . point he then applies it to the-.c^st^pf 'EccoHomo' : — .. : ' Sppposing,.,then,: that, the author of that work has appvoaohed' his Bubject on the'human^ Bide, hasdealt with.osa'jLord as with-a man, -. has exhibited to us what purport to be, a human' form and. lineaments, is:he therefore at once to be condemned?, .Certainly not. at oricev-if it be true, as it seems to-be true, that iri.this respect he hasi.only done , what iOuijjLord' 'Himself, by His ordinary arid- usual exhibition of Himself, . both did. and; .encouraged the. common hearer of His;addresses',.aHd beholder; of His deeds; to do. The question-; whether this -writer is tob'e discarded; aa' ftnsauxiliary in religiousiinquiry, or whether ori .the^coritriu^, we.arb his debtors ' for an eloquent, earnest, searching, and- stirrinjr ' Survey .! of ;the -Life atji^Wqrk of Jesus GhriBt,' canno(;,:then, .be, 'deoidejd until' we have i con- sidered, whether his .method, being: one admis sible jn;ri)iiuoiple,;;is also one suited to the needs , of. the times in (Which we live.' ..i -?; ? To Mr Gladstone- the method appears to ;be eminoktly iuitedjto .these needs, audhe gives .good reiisojas 'foriiisi opinion. Wo /trust .that Gladstone's, qpinionwill have theeffeot of sug-ii gesting to those who'dondemned tho book 'their inquiring of themselves whether all their zeal in' , the matter has beeri according to,knowledge,J'...It is a noteworthy .fact that some of our , most . eminent - statesmen aro not 'statesmen merely, but theologians 'arid .philosophers as well.: Mr Gladstone ' arid- the Duke ?' of ?'? 'Argyll are .in- ' stancds.j arid^Lir^Derby might;betadde^'to'the' list, fo'f in hits earlycd,ays he wrote^jexp.osition of tho'. parables.; ,i:0n tho other- hand,.some of our best preachers- Beem^to: have aoquired'from' other ''brariohes' ' of; -sludy than theology that freshrfess of',l;)iqugnt! Ipbwe'r of 'illustratipniind1 general. 'a'dapUvjeness '. which ','rehders them so acceptable. - Dr. Chahners got frpin his;studie3 : in science' and political economy .'that p^eouliar' way ofi looking at Christianity which made it eeem quite a new thing to the Scottish mind. ? Dr. Guth'ribj' the i ino'st.pppular preacher. ai the ? present (lay in Scotland, was, a medioal student , and a,' banker, before he 'entered the -pulpit; The late lamen'tod Dr. James Hamilton waS vorsod in evory''branch/pf- science, and had\ explored the, 'whole ' range of . English ' litera ture. Dr. Sainley is i-h historian, and Kingsley historian, .novelist and poet. ,V It is, not good for man to be alone,' says ??? the old 'book ; neither is it good for ' statenmnship, soionce or theology to be alone. When we havo stated that the present nilmber of ' Good Words con tains, besid.es Gladstone's Essay, papers by the Editor, Vambery tho traveller, the Doan of Westminatovand Henry Rogers, and pooms by Isa Craig ajnd George Macdonald, wo'havd'-eaid enough to show its quality. George Augustus Sala contributes to Bel gravia a. characteristic, article; on, the 'Sensa-s tional' in -'.' literature :and art: ' What is sensationaliBm,' he asks, : ' arid who is sensa tional?' I will strive to tell you. . The late Mr William Shakspeare was an arrant sensa tional writer.- He wrote the play of 'Mac beth,' .; which is founded mainly on murder ?and witchcraft. He wroto ?Hamlet,',' in' which' !: there aro many murders, a suicide, a srispioion of madness and a ghost. Ho! wrote 'Othello,' in which there is jealousy and also murder. He wrote ' King Lear,! in . which ydn will find inurder, blindness and mad ness. He wrote 'Anthony and Cleopatra,' in ?which there ' is suicide. He wrote ' Julius Cffi3ar,' in which there is murder arid a ghost. He wrote ' Richard the Third,' in which there are no end of murders and no end of ghosts. He wrote 'Romeo and Juliet,' in which luxu riate poison,' murdor and premature inter ment. He wrote 'The. Merchant of Venice,' 'in which there is robbery and elopement, and 'an attonipt on the part 'of a . Jew: bill . discounter, to cut' open the stomach of a r Christian gentleman. The lato M. de Voltaire ?highly objected to Shakspeare's sensationalism. . He icalledhim ? uri b'aruafe' grotesque.' : In rthe bpiriiori of dolts and .dullards, and envioui. ^backbiters, ' eyjerything 'is', 'sensational' that; ? is. viyidj ?'.and-.! nervous, and forcible and .graphic and true.: There is no oensatiori ? ? in- the wretched daubs of Benjamin West, or the heartless tea-tray varnishing of Mengs ; ; but there is most deleterious sensationalism in Faseli, and Hogarth, and Goya.,, , Miguel de' ; Cervantes wrote sensationally; but' Gongora woujldhave scorned the act. Camberi's was sensational; , but : Lousada . was 'classic. ' Wedgewood Tvas a sensational potter, and Flaxman a sensational soulptor, The revival of, wood engraving' was a 'sensation' as ?bitterly deprecated' by the old admirers of namby-pdmby stipple arid woolly mezzotint as vacoinatibriwaspipusly denounced by the, ad vocates of, inoculation, or better still byletting the smallpox: have, its ^own way. The Grub r street, -Journal arid the '.Daily Intelligencer' .were not Sensational papers;' \\. The Telegraph,,' Tthe \Stahdard 'and the 'Star are clear!;' seiisa-' tional.' . - Mr Millars is a , sensational ^painter, so,; is Mr - Hqhnan Hunt.' :Mr 'Wbolner is; ' .a.-, jsensational^ sculptor ; -\ Mr Ruskin's' tart- criticisms' .are serisationaV -,'! Mr 'Dar win j is ' a _ sensational philosopher ;.,. -Mr -, ,'Fechter'is a serisationalactor ; Mr Spurgeon.isi a.senqatiorial, preacher,; Dr. Cumming is a sen sational theologian ; so, from another point of ' view, is Dr. Newman - so,- from another point, is'Professor Maurice. As for Mr|Kingsley, as 'poet', novelist, parson, and ^ historian^ he was .always serisatipnal. , Belgravia is a sensational magazine, and Miss Braddon is a dreadfully -sensational novelist. ' M. Nolaton -is1 a -sensa- ? tional surgeon ; ;M; Edmond About a sensa tional wit ; ..Napoleon III. a ,senstitional, sove-j Ireigrir.' .'and .Crrai yon; Bismarck^ ^ ;sensatidnal[ /statesman..,. , As. for Garibaldi, he was never more than ,a sensational patriot; and.it was only General Grant's ?sensational obduracy that caused the Southern Confederaciy to col lapse.' This is .very'amusing, cqnsideringv the writer's purpose. : All great geniuses, whether in literature or art, are sensationaliats. ' G. A. Sola and his friend Miss Braddon have' been colled sensational Vriters, ergo,' they .are both geniuses of a high order. '. But what if the word ; sensationalism, like some - other wdrds,;is used both , in a good and bad sense ? There is a sonsation caused 'by the fbrpibly untrue ' 'arid; 'immoral' asf' well as by thb/vividly, true and the, graphically beautiful; In Gornhill 'Mi 'Matthew Arnold continues.' his- long-winded dissertation on, culhire,' sweetness and h'gnt, right reason and. perfec-, tion, anarchy and authority, the Barbarians^ the i 'Philistines, and the Populace. As heprbmises1 to return to ' the ? 'subject once niore; before concluding, weshallwait to see what it iB all about., The other, matterr in the number^ is good enough in its way. There is a pleasantly written paper on tho three Lyrists, Horace; . Burns arid Beranger; then some chapters' bii Talk, light and'eh'atty ; then a solid articlo on. Iron: Fprts and Shields ; then a tale of three ohap.ters, written with ,a charming) air of na turahiess not often met.w.ith ; and, of oourae, the Bramleighs is continued. ,. ; : The opening- article in Frascr is on Univer sity Organisation. The writer is ef opinion that the characteristic narrowness, of our edu catibu is conneotod with' the constitution of the colleges, and the conclusion points to the ne cessity of , the uniyersitios.' being put under! Borne central ahthority, which may look at the ;edTicationaV Byjtem ,of the; country as awholo, !with!'-the' ';viow-!,of: gottibg 'the desired' changes 'gradually; effected;- ;; A;; reviewer of the Queer's Journal in the Highlands looks at, '.'it- 'from *a 'hearty human point of view, as we migli tjexpeot, ; ,\\\ ;Nq kingcraft,', it .' is ' said, i1.1 of ! old times could have well 'devised' a Subtler policy ' 'than this— that at the present time, when '(for good or evil)' mere 'authority' .cojin'ts. for ? less - and less, and mere humanity for more and more, a great Queen should take her stand before her peoplo simply upon the; ground of her1 common humanity ; should tell them that if she were .every inch a Queen, she ' was also every.irloh a woman ; that she gloried'in ono of -.those, great affections, utter, selfsacri fioing, enduring, not to be curtailed by time or space, which purify and ennoble men and women more than. all the boasted triumphs of civilisa tion.' Miso Cobbe, apropos of MaxT Mullens .' Chips,' discourses in a way to stimulate tho ; inquiries of earnest studonts in the dirootion of comparative theology. 'How the Irish Land System breeds Di8satiBfactiqn,',is another 'contribution to tho great question 'of the day. Blackivood, too, has its say onthatquostion, and ita say may be easily guessed. Put down Fenianism as summarily and as effectually as may be ; keep the peace of Ireland ; consider the question of the Irish Protestant Church fairly in the interest . of all the people ? pf Ireland without distinction of creed or sect; promote rather than discourage emigration; and old Ebony will be satisfied ; the Queen's book, Cornelias O'Dowd's gossip, Memoirs of Sir P. Francis, Linda Tressel, and the conclusion of the Brownlows, together with, some; padding, make up a number which, upon1 the whole, is rather dull; 