COUNTRY NEWS. A YOUNG man, one of a party of shearers coming down the country, has lost his life, at Hawkesdale, by being thrown from his horse, and being dragged by the stirrups for a considerable distance. DURING the past few days, numbers of persons have passed through Kyneton, en route for the new rush at Spring Creek. The only means of travelling from Kyneton to the rush is to take the Heathcote coach. THE Chinese residents in the Ararat district have offered to give a musical performance to the inmates of the Lunatic Asylum there. The musical art critics in the district are looking forward to the entertainment with great interest. A VALUABLE sow belonging to Mr. Farringdon, hay and corn dealer, of Maldon, died a few days past, and, when opened, an undigested oaten straw, 2 ft. 8 in. in length, was found in the animal's stomach. A RUMOUR that Mr. Baillie, M.L.A., intended to resign his seat for Castlemaine, is denied on the authority of Mr. Baillie himself. AT Portland, on Wednesday evening last, some malicious ruffians destroyed about 4000 bricks belonging to the borough council, which were in stacks preparatory to burning. A VERY painful accident occurred on Tuesday morning to the pressman of the Daylesford Mercury. His foot slipped in carrying a form downstairs, and he fractured the cap of his knee. He was removed to the hospital. A YOUNG female, sixteen years of age, named Mary Ann Archer, left her situation at Chewton on Sunday evening, and has not since been heard of. A LAD named Alexander Boyne, of Arden street, Hotham, was accidentally drowned in the Saltwater River, near the railway viaduct, on Wednesday evening. ALL the Crown lands, comprised within the limits of deviation of the surveyed lines of railway from Ballarat to Ararat, from Ballarat to Dunolly via Maryborough, and frbm Castlemaine to Maryborough via Maldon and via Newstead Railway, havebeen temporarily reserved for railway purposes. THE Commissioner of Crown Lands has reserved the piece of land, 14 acres 3 roods and 14 perches in extent, contiguous to the Masonic Charitable Institutions and the Protestant Asylum for the Blind on the St. Kilda-road, as a site for the projected Prince Alfred Hospital. THE trial of Archibald M'Pherson, squatter, of Ararat, for uttering a forged bill of exchange, came off on Tuesday at the Geelong General Sessions, and resulted in an acquittal. SOME time ago three men were committed for trial at Albury oh the charge of riot, the riot consisting in " tin kettling" a newly-married couple, and thereby causing a good deal of disorder and disturbance in the place. They were brought to trial at the Albury Quarter Sessions, where one named Darby was fined £20, and sentenced to six months' imprisonment; and the other two, on account of their youth, were let off with a fine of £10 each. " ACCORDING to the Ararat Advertiser, " a requisition, calling upon Mr. David Blair to resign his seat for Crowlands, is talked of in influential circles at the Reefs, Pleasant Creek, where a feeling of dissatisfaction, almost approaching to disgust, has been engendered by the manner in which that hon. gentleman has discharged his Parliamentary duties." THE Ararat Advertiser writes:—" The flights of wild turkeys have begun, a number of them having already passed over the town to the southward. They are much earlier this year than they have been in former seasons, and the weatherwise say, in reference to this fact, that their early appearance indicates a long summer. THE St. Arnaud Mercury gives currency to a story that on Messrs. Easson and Perry's, Hopeful Reef, the men have refused to work by night, owing to the ghost-like sounds which are heard proceeding from all parts of the claim. A noise as of some person scraping a shovel with iron has been frequently heard, and notwithstanding the search made in all directions, no cause for the peculiar noises can be ascertained, and in the morning nothing is found disturbed. AT the District Court, on Monday, John Lloyd, landlord of the Hull and London Hotel, Bourke street, was fined 10s., with 21s. costs, for selling liquor on a Sunday. THE Rose Street Common School Committee have again instituted proceedings for compelling the Board of Education to pay the teachers' salaries, withheld in consequence of a refusal to dismiss Mr. Eastwood, the head teacher, who figured in a trial before the Supreme Court. An application was made on Monday to the full bench of judges in Banco for a rule nisi to compel payment of the arrears. Their Honours reserved judgment. THE erection of a telegraph line from Bairnsdale to Sale is likely to be proceeded with shortly. A tender for the work was accepted on Saturday. THE recent Amherst Hospital Fete at Talbot, on Wednesday, appears to have been a very brilliant affair. The total receipts were £642 2s. 5d. The fete is expected to yield a donation of £450 to the hospital. THE Hamilton Spectator understands that the man Doyle, who was recently brought to the Hamilton Hospital suffering from severe cuts on the head inflicted with a shovel by a man named Hobbs, at Penshurst, is not likely to recover. A MAN of the name of Thomas Davies was killed a day or two past in the mine of the Waverley Co-operative Company at Forest Creek. DUIGAN, the bushranger, was brought before the Albury bench on Friday last, and remanded for a few days for the attendance of the person who was stuck up by him at Urana. The prisoner is described as of 24 years of age, and only 5 ft. 3 in. in height. During the Indian mutiny he served as a trumpeter in ah infantry regiment, and was wounded. At the close of the examination at Albury, the prisoner was removed from the dock by three policemen, of the aggregate height of 18 ft. THREE men were arrested at Clunes on Monday on the charge of having criminally assaulted Emma Smedley, near Kavanagh's shanty, at Greenock. AT Ballerstedt and Co.'s claim, New Chum, Sandhurst, on Monday last, a miner named Taylor, one of the night-shift men, had, upon proceeding to work as usual, commenced to descend the shaft by the ladder way, and having gone down within 40 ft. of the bottom he stepped off the ladders into one of the levels of the mine. In doing so it would seem that he trod upon a stone, and in consequence slipped and fell to the bottom of the shaft. Two men who at once descended the shaft found, on reaching the bottom, that Taylor had been killed, his neck having been dislocated. Deceased has left a wife and five children. A HORRIBLE case of mutilation in a mine is reported from Sandhurst. On Monday last a man named John Biggs was engaged in the mine of Betts and Co., loading a hole with guncotton, when it suddenly exploded. The unfortunate man was standing in a stooping position over the hole at the time. His left arm was entirely blown to pieces, and the fingers of his right hand were so severely injured as to necessitate, after his having been conveyed to the hospital, the amputation of two of them. He also sustained very serious injuries to the face and upper portion of the body. IT has been rumoured, says the Geelong Register, that, with the removal of the prisoners from the gaol, the circuit courts will be discontinued. The police court is to be closed, and the Supreme Court to be used instead. These alterations are beginning to attract attention among our undemonstrative population, and the inquiry is, What next? Is the Post Office safe? How about the telegraph station? These are the questions which are being asked; but we think the citizens may rest satisfied that the permanency of these useful institutions is not jeopardised. 