TOWJt HAL«. THKA1KE. On Monday, March 2nd, Mr. Coppin opened his Shaksperian season at the Town ball, when the Drujy-lane star, Mr. James Anderson, made bis dibui before an Adelaide audience. The Hall was veiy fairly filled, the gallery and second- class seats be ng crowded to the edge, and the dress circle having a fash onable if not profitable appearance. Before the curtain rose, the attention of the audience was agreeably occupied in admiring the extensive and thorough adaptation that bad been made of the Hall for theatrical purposes. The tnecbanical arrangements we have already described, and need only add now that their effect in actual use exceeded expectation. To the eye everything was perfect; tnr, unfortunately, the result did not prove so favourable to the ear. the acoustic defects of the mom were very d.sagreeable, and entailed a gieat loss of en joy men', which did mt tend t<> enh-ii.-s success of the acting. After the very greatrisk and expeuse Mr. Coppin has undertaken in nttiug up such a place it wou;d be auu<-ying not only to hi in, but to the citizens, that nis design should be thwarted by so subordinate a circum stance. The tccuery was «>n a par w th the other fittings, and. though not aimiiig at the display winch iuij.ht have been expected in a regular theatie, it was amply sufficient for the nlusua lion ot the drama. Having exhausted the accessories, we must now pluuge inmedias res, and endeavour to answer the great question of the day, " What do you think of Aimerson T" At present we can only give a qualified answer. >teie we bound t > ju-ge him exclusively by his Hamlet we might feel it our «lu;y as critics 10 demur to the high reputation which he unquestionably possesses. A better course f< parties will oe to assume fur the nonce that Mr. Auderson, like t >o many other artists, is not a very coriect discriminator of his own talents, and has committed a mistake in living us " Hamlet1' first, it isacliaracter which every aciorhasat'euipted at some period ot hi-> ine, as kmersoti maiuiaii.s that no person h >s ever c nue to years of discretion without attempting to wrde p>eiy. With the c uiveiitiunai gieei-romn H v"''-' we are all a tit'ie too familiar; aud though Mr. Anderson may hardly he prepared to near it, yet tucie u.«> never been a season in Solomon's 1'uiap e wmiou; its shaksperian revival in winch Ham'et has figured at least ou e. fcToui the Liruiy lane s.ar, we expected something cntiie y ditfeient it) the stock efforts of receut yeais, and tile questim is—Have we obtained it ? I hat is the ci iteriun by which Mr. Anderson must _the Hamlet of Mon ;ay night a higher creation ttian we have ever seen before-a iietier iunrpre j tatioii of cjiiakspeai e - a more iutelligibie solution I of the great problem in psychology, a, well as in | art, w-iich is embodied in the life of the ..nuceiy Dane? We must decline to say s<>, but at the . same lime we admit that Mr. Anderson's g»me ic 1 gilts as an actor are great and tuamfnld. Mature • nas started hint in Ins profession with a nmnnti- . cent voice, tducatiou has rendered it a trifle too ; sepulchral in iis tone, and has deprived it of the ' variety of expression _ which might have tieen | expected from it. Hi* presence on ttie stage | is commanding, aud the buskin has seldom' adorned a liner physique. He is nor, as j stars of the first maeuitude too often are. very I prodigal of action aud gesticulation, treading the ! boards as if they were hot irons. He is more 111 danger of carrying bis dignity to the extreme of baldness, though when suitable opportunity occurs he cannot resist the temptation to 'split the ears of the groundlings," and give such physical expres sion to sorrow as sorrow itse nise. His worst defect is the " wiudy susp.ration ot forced breath." which Hamlet himself so strout-ly lepudiams. As to Mr. Anderson s ideal of the Daru.-h ^rince, its origin must be sought for in the ds.vs of Colley UibbtT, and its development in the traditions of the green-rooui. The profound philosophy of the cha racter is much mote appreciated in our own age than it was by Colley Ciblier. It has been modernized, iu fact, and people wish to see the representation of it modernized also. In Mr. Anderson's case they wish in vain. There is the same undertaker co-tume, the same measured de clamation, the same mechanicaldelineationsuf pas sion which our gran- fathers yawned over half acen turyago. 'hmius itself cannot make'suchdry bones live, and Mr. Anderson's genius is being misspent when be attempts to do so. in the first two acts he made very little imptession, except on the gallery, where his worst passages were most' applauded. In the scene with Ophelia, where he bad the advantage of efficient support, he succeeded well, though in the repudiation of his old sweet heart there was a barsliness wliich even a madman would not have shown uutempered with tenderness. His most effective situation was the interview with the Queen, where his massive style of passion suited well for upbraid.ng the guilt-hardened conscience. The comparison of the two pictures— "The counterfeit presentment of two brothers"— was the climax of the piece, and Mr. Anderson's most legitimate triumph. The Ophelia «as rendered specially interesting by our old friend Miss St. Denis. She played it so as to show a very gr at improvement on her last year's style. By evident study she has subdued the ■ hysterical tendency of her passion, and allows it to produce a much more natural effect. There are still one or two mannerisms left, and at least one worse defect— speaking through the teeth. But her every look betrays painful stu y, and every scene has been elaborately prepared. Her mad ness was very highly wrought, but genuine in all its leading features, and the applause she earned by it was a guerdon of more to come. Perse verance like hers will not go unrewarded. Mis. Holloway, an older friend still, though with hardly so much claim to remembrance, made a very passable figure of the Queen. Her dress did not do much credit to the royal wardrobe at Elsinore, but_ it was perfection compared with liis male Majesty's. The warmest reception of all wan given to Mr. Greville, whose ten minutes' work as Fir t Graved igger was worth some half hours' which had preceded it. Whoever may have inherited the mantle of Edmund Rean, there can be no dispute about Mr. Greville's title to a very high place in comedy. And of the stock company what shall we say? Perhaps one little fact will be sufficient—that in a cast of nineteen there were a dozen ** first 'appear ances," alias amateurs.' Being so, we shall do nothing to dishearten these young ladies and gentlemen at the outset of a laborious career; but if they were friends of ours, we would recommend them to try to earn a living under less censorious circumstances. One or two gumposts may pass amid good actors and good scenery, but we have never before seen tbem so painfully in the majo rity. Hard times, hot weather, and bad acoustics; are beginning to tell on Mr. Coppin's theatrical season. The house on Tuesday night presented a discouraging appearance, not only to the im> pressario himself, but to the actors and the audience. In the dress circle empty chairs pre dominated. and the other parts of the house were at best only half and half. It was none the more gratifying for Mr. Copnin to observe that the uncomfortable experience of Monday night which had produced this change had been to a great extent remedied. The roofing in of the stage had greatly improved the acoustic qualities of the Hail, though th-y were still far from faultless. Everything was in ship shape order, and the acton had got accustomed to their surroundings; but as a counterpoise, they had a more stolid audience to deal with than on the previous night. Jnret, as to Mr. Anderson s Othello, it is vastly superior to his Hamlet, unless in the single point of monotony. It is no more a developed character than Hamlet was, but its fundamental idea does not strike a reader of Shakespeare as erroneous. The tragedian is evidently aware of the ad vantage his fine presence gives him, for it was turned to the Highest account. The make up was very impressive; every stride spoke volumes, and every look—there is little variety in that quarter, by the way—was expected to over-awe both fellow-actore and audience. It is questionable if the statuesque idea was not carried too far for dramatic effect. A saffron-coloured Moor, looking as if he had stepped down from a Carthaginian sculpture, may be a noble object to gaze on, but we look to Othello for more than mere , dignity of carriage. The stereotyped repre sentation of Mr. Anderson was appropriate , and forcible in some scenes, but certainly not in all. In his appearance before the Council there was a little too much of the Vasca de Gama style of defiance. Othello was not a prisoner under accusation like Vasca, but a popular general whom the iJouncil were rather partial to than otherwise. In the justification of his marriage with DeBde mona, and especially in the description of his court ship, Mr. Anderson exhibited genuine pathos. His stilted declamation was more effectually abandoned than in any other scene, and the natural voice was allowed to use its own accents of pathos. The interviews with Iago. whereat the "honest Ancient" infuseshispoisonintotbe jealous blood ofthe Moor, begat occasional flash es of passion, but the rest was either over-strained or unnaturally repressed. The smothering and dagger business in the fifth act were worthy of the Macready school, and the final fall re-echoed from the gallerv in thunders of applause, which changed into shouts of "Anderson" when the certain fell. The tragedian simply bowed his acknowledgments: but in aUuding(to this stock incident of "starring," we should supply an omission in our notice of the opening performance. It, too, closed with a call before the curtain, when Mr. Anderson imp>oved the occasion by a short Bpeech in laudation of his frie d, Mr. Coppin. The Desdemona of Mdlle. St. Denis is one of the finest characters she has yet assumed. There was scope in it for the spasmodic vivacity which has always been her greatest weakness. Tbe romantic devotion of the Venetian beauty to her Moorish hero, and the innocence which prevented her understanding the full force of the accusations hurled against her, were both feelings which Miss St. Denis well knows how to handle. They almost entirely overshadowed the characteristic blemishes of her style, and rendered her Desde montt, if not a queen of tragedy, at least a very interesting and emotional young lady. Anud much which was truly tragic there was a good deal of dross that deteriorated the pure gold. It rather surprised us—and not agreeably, we must admit—to find Iw in the hands of our old friend the Ghost (Mr. Holloway). Much as we ad mire the stage management generally, we cannot help suspecting that there was a.practical joke in tended in this part of tbe cast. Iago is acknow ledged to be one of the most abstruse and subtle of Miakspeare's creations. He was a man mad with villany, as Hamlet was with a sense of foul wrong. He has the passion of a Borgia with the cynical duplicity of a Macchiavel. Now, let any man look in our good friend Fn'toway's face, and say what power of expressing nassion or deceit resides there It is uue tf the roundest, best-natur< d, most inoffensive physiognomies to be found in the most primitive corner of the world. It could no more screw itself into the semblance of villany than Sancho Panza's could have done. And iu friend Holloway's hollow mouthing voice, what power of passion or deceit may there bet Not a I rt,Nev^rt<1Ies^ Mr- HeflJoway pra'tled 1 ws^jarfiwSst 1 cwt Sty i.if Hi. JIne* thou tp-eniliodied ' MfSLmSki future Sh k>-_perian revivals, save us from such lagos as Mr. Hoiloway ! This point secured, we might not strongly object to Mr. i Lawrences Ca3>io,_ nor even to Mr. Welsh's Brabantio, though both weie very water-colour : Chiracte s. i . "> y,e vestibu'e of the dramatic temple Mr. ; Aldndge, wiih his attendant nymphs, was busy as ever cooling do»n the freiingB of the audience . between the acts. This department .of the new | theatre is beyond comparison with all predeces i sors as regards c mfart and respectability. The , orchestra, under Mr. ^chiader, begni.ed tlie short i iutervats with promscuou- music, not always in unison with the ha assed feelings of " Othello," ^ but ever good of its kind. Mr. Anderson's Claude Melnotte is a performance not ui criticise, but to treasure up m one'- memory. After more than one instance ul disappointment we have special pleasure in recordi>g anithiig which so greatly exceed.-our expectations! Mr. Anderson, in interpeting Bulger lyttou, has trusted mote to hiB own natural genius than in his interpretations of Bbakspeare. Ins ead : of a slavish copy he gives us an original ; creaaon. full of life and thought and fancy. ! For a series of traditional "points" and turns \- he substitutes a current of web-conceived and skiifully-tnauaged action. In a word, Mr. Ander son appears to be much more at home iu melo drama than in tragedy. We cm wisli nothing better for him and the Adelaide public than an opportunity ro develop the success of lliuisday night into a solid reputation. The more charaereis . we have like Claude Melnotte the more »e shall 1 appreciate Mr. Anderson's true position on the stage, and the less shall we think of the little mishaps that marked his first appearance Claude's peasant a-pect was effectively por traved. the simplicity of nature being well blended withtheromarceof the poet. Mr. Anderson hit to a nicety Bulwer's ideal peasant, neither making him too fiae for his surroundings, nor too coarse for the sentiments put into his mouth. The absorb ing passion for Pauline, the noule faith in a highrr i bi-stiuy than that .to which he had been born, and ' the tenderness infused into the most vulgar affairs of life, all spoke through the handsome figure which was the life of IV idow Meiuotie's cottage. W hat might have tieen e xpected to prove Mr. Anderson's greatest uifficulty—the transitions—were made the cli nax of his i-uccess. Toe first change from ptssio-iate ideal love to revengeful humiliation exhibited quite a new feature iu Mr.. Ander son's style. As the Prince of Couio he be came at once superior to the monotony of his tragic -characters, manifesting iu rapid succession humour, pathos, and satire, but always initialed with dignity. The only possible exception that could lie taken to it is that it was too real a i'rince. Home critics might insi. t on the propriety of the gardener's son appearing a little awkwatd in his jackdaw's feathers. But the poet himself hardly seems to have intended that, for the conversation of the Prince is throughout in keeping witli Mr. Anderson's representation. But wnether the deception ought to have been apparent or not, the artist completely rea E-en old playgoers will be slow to say that they i remember ever seeing a better Prince on the Btage. Mr. Anaeraon s power ruse witn that of the dram 1. both culminating in the disclosure scene in the third act. 'ihis dramatic duet is one of the iineBt opportunities the stage otters for delineating the sentiments of despair and remorse—despair in the deceived wife, aud remorse in the deceiving husband. From beginning to end it was a con iiuu.us treat to see Claude and Fauiiue confront each other—she bitieily reproaching him, and he depiecating her anger. The speech i which i laude describes to her his mad iuiy when she scorned his verses, lus plot with Beauseant to marry her. his stings of conscience amid which he fu to release her from the false marriage, was a splendid piece of elocution, at once toucning and maniy. As Pauline, Miss t-t. Denis acted well up to Mr. Anderson's Claude, superior as it was. We particularly observed tnat she is rapidly acquiring strength in what was her weak poiut last year - the expression of strong sentiment, in this instance she wgs thoroughly natural, giving everything its full effect without burdening it with extraneous ornament. As the hue young lady, she showed some of her original tendency to artificial vivacity; but as the wronged wife, she conceived her situation well, and powerfully realized it. Considering the physical disadvantages she labours under, the effect she produces is a proof of wonderful taleut. Were her voice as pliable and expressive as that of some actresses she would be almost irresistible. ' But like a singer who allows false notes to slip into her finest aits, she often destroys the (harm of her best passages. Her ideal is evidently so high, and her efforts to attain it are so nearly successful, that occa sional failures must be viewed rather with regret than disapprobation. Her Pauline was a character of which she may be proud even now, and which mav bring her fame when she has more completely developed it. The remainder of the cast was throughout praise worthy. Mr. Holloway as Colcnel Dumas excited in earnest the laughter which his lago had received in demon. The biuff humour of the French Colo nel was rendered amusing alike to gallery anil dress circle. Mis. Holloway as the fussy tuft-hunting Madame Descbappefles seemed also to hare dropped into a favorr.te r6!e. The Walking Gentleman, M. Beauseant. M. Glavis, ami M. Deschanpelles were well put on by Messrs. Law rence, Greville, and Walsh. The wardrobb excelled both in elegance and taste everything we have hitherto seen placed-at the service'of "The Lady of Lyons." The stage management was as correct as "rythmic drill" itBelf. There was not the slightest fault to be found anywhere but outside the curtain, where a rather scanty ' audience adorned the benches. At the close of the piece there was an emphatic call for the two principal characters, which Mr. Anderson responded to by returning with Miss St. Denis. The cheering which greeted him was as lusty as a limited number of throats could make it - his first genuine ovation. But the pleasures of this special night were not yet exhausted. For the first time an aft ipiecs was tobe given, and the names of Mr. and Mrs. Grevilte in "Sarah's Young Man" would have of themselves have attracted an audience. It is needless to say how completely Greville succeeded in his Sam Sloeleaf. It will be a pleasant remini scence to many of his old friends, and those who have not seen it may regard it as a pleasant anti cipation. Mrs. Greville is perfect in that very useful comic line—servantaalisnt. The other characters; as played by Miss Melville, Miss Stanley. Mr. Welsb, and Mr. Stanley, proved the company to be much stronger in comedy than in tragedy; so there is hope yet for us all and we trust also for Mr. Coppin. 