THE NEWS OF THE DAY. His Excellency the Governor proceeded on a fishing excursion yesterday with a few friends, in H.M.C.S. Victoria. An arrangement has been entered into be tween tho Easondon Eailway Company and the Government, by whioh, in consideration of tho former accepting six per cent, cs the rato of interest due on tho monoy voted by Parliament nv fi^n nnrMiflnR nf iha linn i^n nliim oof nn -y tho Eiilway departtnont for work done ou behalf of tho company, nmonnting to £972, will ho reducod to ono hnlf that sum. Tho necessary documents have boon executed and sent in to the department, so tint this olstacio to a settlement of accounts, which has been as oignod ns a rennon for not proceeding with the immediate completion oi coo lino ueyona me racocourse Junction to Essendon, is removed. It is hoped tliora will therefore bo no farther delay in the prosecution of the work, in order that somo return may bo obtained in liquida tion of tho interest upon tho capital invested in the purchase. If there bo a single individual who has been lod astray by the Ignis Fatuus reports of Ministerial changes, -wo will set his mind at rest. Mr M'Culloch.has not, uover had, and is not likely ever to have the slightest intention to dissert his post until fairly superseded by an advoreo vote on some question of Ministerial policy. A warrant haB been issued for the arrest of Mr Bruce, of tho Customs department, for ap propriating moneys as a bailee. It is supposed that he left the colony for Now Zealand on Sa turday. Pecuniary difficulties are assigned as tho principal reason for his absconding. He had obtained leave to absent himself from duty on tho ground, oi sickness, and his absence was not made known nntil yesterday. Ho obtained considerable loans from his fellow-officers in the Customs ; the particular offence charged against him being tho using of moneys entrusted to his care to pay some liabilities, daring the absence on leavo of one of the clerks in England. The quarterly meeting of tho Victorian Poultry Society was held Jast evening at the offices of tho Acclimatisation Society, Swan ston-street ; Mr Law in the chair. The lni nntes of the preceding meeting wero read and confirmed. The propriety of purchasing pens for tbe shows of the uooioty was discussed, and a proposal was snbmittod and adopted to offer a prize for the best model pen, so as to so euro uniformity and relievo the exhibitors from the trouble and cost of their construction, which has hitherto been found a serious drawback to the number of exhibits. The Commissioner of Crown Lands notifies that all allotments npon which tbo rents are overdue, or npon which the improvements re quired by the act have not been made, will be declared forfeited and re-proclaimed open for leasing on the 29th Doceinber next. Lessees whoso improvements at the last inspection were not of sufficient amount are requested to communicato with the Crown Lands Bailiff of the district, and state the naturo and valae of tho improvements, if any, effected since in spoction. This may be taken as an assurance that where good faith has been ovinced, leniency will be shown. At tho meeting of tho Hospital Committee, held yesterday afternoon, there were present Mr Hnrker in the chair, 'and Messrs James, Gill bee, Fenton, Gibbs,1 Moore, and Dr. Barker. The correspondencs read was of an unimpor tant naturo, and after passing the accounts for the provious month the meeting adjourned. A supplement to the Government Gazette, issued last evening, announces the sole at Mel bourne, on the 29th Decombor, of town lots situate in East Melbourne, being portions of the land formerly set apart for church and school purposes in connection with the Episco palian and Presbyterian ohurches. . The upset prico for the land in Gipps-street, immediately adjoining the Bishop's residence, will be £300 per acre, and consists of two allotments of one rood each. The Presbyterian land, facing Fitz roy Gardens in Albert-street and Victoria parauu, la auuiuviueu iulu bia uuubuiuuttj in ^o 4-10 perches each, the npset prico being also £300 per acre. There will also be offered at the same sale an allotment of 2 roods, situate at Gardiner, in High-street, near the court honse and Church of England sites, being the land formerly withheld from sale for Wesleyan church purposes. A conference of delegates from the various land selectors' associations organised through out the colony was held at tbe Albion Hotel, yesterday to consider the present position of the selectors nnd to lay their wants before tho Government. Tho chair was taken by the hon. Mr Pettott, M.L.C. Tho resolutions adopted by the associations entrusted to the delegates wore submitted to a committee, and their salient features embodied in a series of motions, which were submitted and adopted and ordered to be laid before the Commissioner of Crown Lands by the body of delegates, this day at noon. Tho conference also dealt with objections raised to the working of tho Impounding Act and the Dividing Fences Statute, and it was reaolvod to urge upon the Government the propriety of amending them during the next session of Par liament, so as to adapt them more to tho re quirements of sottlers under the Load Act. The proceedings of the conference ara reported in our columns. The Surveyor-General of South Australia. Mr G. W. Goyder, proposes, in tha event of his scheme for the settlement ol tho Northern Territory being carried out, that the steamer conveying the party should call in at Brisbane, where the horses, bullocks and othor livestock, as well as provender, might be procured, a re liable agent being sent over to select and have them in readiness on tho arrival of the Rtoamer there. He also suggusts that the teamsters should accompany the agent, to be preBOnt at the, inspection and trial of the stock. The Melbourne Gonoral Sessions for De cember were commenced yestarday in the Connty Court, before Judge Pohlinan. Eichard Gorringe, convictod of embezzlement, waa re manded for sentence ; and James Fitzhenry, also charged with embezzlement, was acquitted. George Wilson, charged with an assault upon Edward H. JohnBon and stealing money from his person, was fouud guilty and remanded for sentence. Charles JameB Stafford was then placed on his trial to answer the charge of ob taining money by false pretences from Alexan der Horsburgh, a boot and shoo dealer. Mr Dunne and Mr Cock prosecuted, and Mr Byrne defended the prisoner, who was found guilty, with a strong recommendation to mercy, and remanded for sentence. The Alhambra brings files of Now Zealand papers to the 25th November. Tho Otago Daily Times says that information had boen received from Port Chalmers that the Maories at the Hoads, numbering sixty able-bodied men, were showing symptoms of dis affeotion. Both Port Chalmers andDunedin are quite unprotected. The preliminaries had been arranged at the latter place for a public meet lliti XU1 IUO UUIUUOO Ul Q^uicooiu^ Djuijiuuuj witb. tho sufferers at Poverty Bey. The Thames gold-Holds are said to havo been over rated, and speculation in mining shares there is overdone. We also learn that tho steamtug Yarra had been totally wrecked at Hokitika. The annual installation of officers of the Lodge of Judah, S.C., took place last night at tho Maaonio Hall, LonBdale- street, when brother Weatley was installed E.W.M. The Eight Worshipful Provincial Grand Master, brother Reid, with his officers, was present, and officiated in the installation ceremonial. There were numerous visitors present, :n oluding Worshipful Masters of several Bister lodges. The usual annual banquet took place at the London Tavern, Elizabeth-street, where a snmptnou? entertaium«nt was provided. Tho hnrmony of the evening w«2 greatly assisted by brothers P.M. Isaac3 and Doig. ' The in stallation banquet of the Kilwinning Lodge was also held at tho London Tavern on Mon day tivening, at which tho lodgo was fairly re presented. A man named Eobert Engclbnrt, Gl years of ac;e, attempted to drown himself yesterdav afternoon by leaping into tho Ynrrafrom the steamer Derwent as sbo Wiis going down tho river. Tho steamer was stopped, life baoys were thrown overboard, and a boat lowered to look for the man, who was ultimately fouud in a vory flxhausted state. He was given into tho custody of tho water polico, who locked him up on the charge of attempting suicide. About eleven o'clock yonterday morning con stable Long found tho body of a man named Peter Gallagher lying in the water at tho Williamstown beach. He was a shippinc clerk, in tbo employment of tbo Government, and was about 30 years old. It is not known how ho got into the water, but it has been stated that for some days past he has been suffering severely frora tbo effects of drink. On Monday ho wetit to tho lock-up and deaired to be placed in a cell, but before the watch housekeeper had an opportunity of questioning I him he took his departure. The eighth annual gathering of|tho^ em ployes of Messrs Sands and M-Dougall, Col lins-Btrfiet, was held at Morang on Saturday, the 28th ult. Tbe party started frora town at eight o clock a.m., and arrivod at the Eose, Thistle nnd Shamrock Hotel, PreBton, at ten o'clock, whero luncheon was provided. The party then proceeded to Morang, arriving nt Grant's Hotel at 12.30. Tbe scene of the picnic was at a beautiful bend of tho Plenty Hiver, on Mr Lizard's farm, and contiguous to tbe Morang Hotel. Those present, including friends, numbered about fifty ladies and gen tlemen. After discussing n substantial dinner on the green sward, the company amused thcrasolves at fishing, shooting, games, &c.; At 0 p.m. the party udjourned to tne Morang Hotel, and after partaking of a good tea, tho ladies and gentlomon adjourned to tho ball room. Aftor having a few dances, tho cempany drank the hoolths of Messrs Sands and M'Dougall, their respected employers, which was duly responded to. A cordial vote of thanks was unanimously pissed to Messrs Carter and Harrison, the stewurds on the oc casion, for the vory admirable way they at tended to the comfort of tho party. Whon starting from the Morons Hotel, partiner cheers were given. Tho whole party arrived quite Bafe in town, after onjoying themselves to their hearts' content ; thus ended pleasantly one of the many annual social gatherings which now take place frequently in the colony. Touching tho paragraph in a lato issue ro porting the case of a young woman with a live frog in her inside, wo (Hamilton Spectator) have received the following letter from Dr. Maxwell : — ' Skipton, 23rd Novomber, 18G8. — Dear Sir, — In referenco to the paragraph in your issue of tbe 20th inst., respecting tho case of the girl Shields, in which you request me to forward any further particulars o£ tho case whish might come under my observation, I may Bay that the caso as referred to was quite correct, and was also successfully treated by me. I may also say that it is the lirst caso of the kind which has ever come under roy observa tion. — I remain, &c;, Gkobqb Maxwell, M D.' We havo received the following from Mr Al fred Harris with reference to his Jate accident in falling from his horso Playboy: — 'I am very pleased to say that I am rapidly recover ing from the serious aooident I met with at Kew, but am surprised to find that no mention has been made of the real cause of the accident, My horse ran away with me along Prince's street, a main road with houses on each side. At about a mile from the Kew Family Hotel, across this road runs a deep and dangerous gmiy iwjiiuu jumt* ine larra at aoout ouo nun dred yards distance), totally unprotected by any fence, and too wide for any horse to jump over. It is from twenty to thirty feet' deep, quite perpendicular, and strewed ut the bottom with large boulders and ths remains of an old bridge whioh formerly went across. Finding that I could not stop my horse when within about thirty yards of this chusm, I threw uiy Belf off, knowing there was danger ahead, as in all human probability I should have been thrown into this place and killed : all for the want of a few shillings' worth of fence, for which negloct I suppose I have to particularly thank the Kew Borough Council. I am told that thoy Bay this road is not used. In reply, I say that it is a main road, and to my know ledge ladies and gentlemen ride here ou horae baoK ; also the Chief Justice, Sir Wm. Stawoll, rides down with his children. There is a small footbridge going over at the side, which is used by many foot passengers, also occasionally by horsemen.' Since the recent railway accidents in New South Wales, moro than ordinary vigilance, it is said, has been exercised ia regard to the con dition of tbe rolling stock, and the results have boon sufficient to show that close scrutiny was necessary. The hon. Minister for Works kos also called for reports, which may probably aid him in securing more general efficiency nnd co-operation in the department, and conse quently more reasonable expectations of safety to the public who travel by railway. Tho kerosene works in New South Wales, at Waterloo and Hartloy, have called into exist ence a new induetry in Sydney, 4hut of the manufacture of korosone tins. Mr Cracknell, superintendent ol telegraphs iu New South Wales, has returned to Sydney from Moruya, after opening the telegraph line to that place. 'The opening of this line,' says the Herald, '-completes another important link ia our coast communication, aud no doubt many of tho persons interested in silver miuos ia this district will avail themselves of the op portunities afforded by this extension.' Notwithstanding the injury that has boen done to the Hunter River vineyards by the severe hailstorm which passed over the district about a month ago, we (Newcastle Chronicle) are glad to learn that there is every prospect of there being an excellent wine orop this year. The Dalwood, Kinross, Porphyry and Cawarra vineyards promise remarkably well, there being a profusion of grapes at each of them. The smaller vineyards in other parts of the above district are also well spoken of. Tho meteorologioal observations nude at tho Melbourno Observatory during tho week ending 28th November show the highest temperature to have taken place on Saturday laBt, the tnermometor standing at Ida degrees in the sun, and in the shade at 101.3. A late Cape paper says : — ' The two Houses of our colonial Legislature havo been playing on a email scale the part of the two great Houses at home ; that is to say, tho Council has been undoing the work of the Assembly and throwing out its bills. Parliamentary affairs have not progressed very satisfactorily. One House has reported favorably on railway extension, tho other is still pursuing tho in quiry beforo a committee ; but even if favorable resolutions should be come to this session, but little is likely to be done save initiating preliminary surveys.' Mr Melvin again exhibited his views taken from the second part of ' The Pilgrim's Progress,' on Monday evening, at St. Philip's schoolroom, Abbotsford. Thero was a numerous company of over six hundred persons, principally juvf niles, for whom the entertainment was chiefly intended. The Eev. B. S. Walker made appro priate remarks on each scene, and, at the close of the proceedings, received a cordial vote of thanks, which was proposed by Mr Medlicott, and seconded by Mr Gough. A very pleasing feature was the singing of several of their favorite hymns by tho ohildren of tho Sunday school. Bertram Nathan, a money lender, carrjing on business in Little Collies-street, appeared at tho City Pelice Court yesterday to answer a charge of perjury preferred against him by Cornelius Mnlcahy, a County Court bailiff. It appeared that a solicitor named Grave bor rowed a sum of £10 from Nathan, £1 per week to bo paid for interest. £5 was paid off the debt, but interest in time raised the amount due to £13 10s, when, probably in de fault of payment of principal or interest, Nathan summoned Grave to the County Court, and obtained a verdict for tho amount due with costs. The money still remained un paid, and a fraud gammons was taken out, upon the hearing of which Judge Pohlman made another order for the amount due, in de fault of payment Grave to go to gaol. Subse quently a warrant for his arrest was issned and placed in the handB ef Mulcahy for execution on the 25th September last. To whatever cause it may be due, Grave was not arrested, and Nathan wrete to Judge Pehlman complaining that Mulcahy had been guilty of noglecting his duty by not orrevting Grave when he could have done to. He proceeded against tho bailiff for the smount of tho judgment, and, in nn affidavit made, swore that on or about tlie 9th October, ho saw Grave in company with Mulcaby, and that the following morning Grave remarked to him (Nathan) that he ' conld always mesmerise a conuty court bailiff with five Rhilliugs.' Tho case against Mnlcaby was heard several times, but on each occasion dismissed. Tbe statPment on oath that he had seen tho bailiff and Grave together constituted tho alleged perjury. Tbe court was occupied with tho hearing of the case till a late hour in tho afternoon, when they ad journed till this morning nt eleven o'clock. Tho Hamilton Spectator gives the follow ing account of an entomological curioBity : — 'A very curious grub or chrysalis has been brought to our office, and, singularly enough, by tbe same scientific gentleman from whom wo first derived the information of the ' jump ing frog ' at Skipton. This grub has all tho appearance of a gold nucftet, and for all one could tell may have been artificially gilded, but that wo don't think our informant would bo party to suoh a trick. It is as Vka gold as gold could bo, except in tho matter of weight, but this poculiority is tho loast extraordinary part of the ' specimen.' On holding it up cud-ways it presonts the appearance of a wernan with glistening eyes, well-shaped noso and mouth, aud it has on its head what accu rately represents a gold crown. The chrysalis is now alivo, nnj wo shall bo happy to show it to any inquiring entomologist. We cer tainly regard it as u ouriosity.' Tuo recent, circulnr iswod by tbe Minister of Justice to tbe justices of tbo poaco tkronghout tho colony, observes the Dallaral Star, ap pears to have had but vory little effect upon tbose appointed to tho oftico in the Lenrmontb. district. But far thu regular attendance of Mr G. G. Morton, tho acting cLtuirman of that bench, there would bo frequently no court held at all ; and as it is, he has to postpone civil causes in which ho cannot adjudicate solely, thereby causing considerable incouvenienco, tronblo and expense to the persons interested therein. It ia high time these indifferent J.P.s wero brought to book, aud their names erased from tho roll. An accident which was most fortuuately not attended with any Herious consequenoes, occurred on Sunday evening last to the Ven. Archdeacon Crawford on the road between Caatlonmiuo aud Taradale. He was returning in a buggy from the latter place after perform ing diviuo service there, and was descending Elphiustone-hill when the king-bolt ol the buggy was by somo means broken. It nppears that beyond an inconvenient delay, tho accident was attended with no unpleasant results. Tho annual meoting of the Berwick Shire Council was hold, at noon, on the 18tli ult. Mr F. Henty was eleotod President, on tho mo tion oi tuu retiring x-resiaeut (mi o. tvusonj. Wo understand, says tho Ballarat Courier, that the hon. the Comminaioner of Kiiilwuys has arranged to convey abont 400 scholars be longing to tho Wesleyan Sunday schools, with a sufficient number of adults in oharge, to and from Goelong, on New Year's Day, at tho rato of Is for the children and 4s for thoir teachers. Like concessions are also to bo made to other schools. A fine tract of country fs reported to have boen discovered near Cooper's Creok, at the unction of the Thompson and Barcoo rivers. It is described as being well grassed and watered, in spite of tbo dryneas of the season. The discoverer, Mr Wilferd, intonds stocking it from Menindie, by which routo he will save fifty per cent in carriage. The stewards of the lato Castlomaine races held a meeting on Monday night, and on all accounts being liquidated there was found to be a slight deficiency. The club (says the Daily Neios) has determined to increaso tho number of its members, and already a large number of gentlemen havo signified their wil lingness to enrol themselves. At the meeting ef the Castlomaino Mining Board, held yesterday, the question was raised as to whether it was compulsory on miners to pay compensation for untilled land ; and the clerk was instructed to write to tho Commis aienor of Mines to ascertain if the 4th clause of tho Amending Land Act had boen repealed. Instances had boen brought auder tho notice of the board in which such compensation had been paid. A valediotory tea meeting waa given on Mon day evening by tho Wesloyana of Geelong, in the hall of the Mechanics' Institute, to Mr Matthew Burnett, who is about to leave Gee long after about aix months' labors in tho tem perance causo nnd revivalism. A larger num ber of porsona, says tbe Advertiser, has never sat down to tea in tho hall. An address, accom panied by a purse of fifty sovereigns, was pre sented to Mr Burnett, who replied feolingly, taking leave of his Geelong frionds and urging npon all connected with tbe church as well as others to keep the work going. An accident which, if the rosult of careless ness or neglect, is deserving of the highest re probation, occurred on Monday evening laat, at the Riddell's Creek station. Tho seven p.m. train to Castlomaine and Sandhurst had ar rivod at the station, and tbe engine was de tached for the purpose of shunting somo trucks, when, in consequence, ns it is said, of the points not having been attended to, tbo engine ran off the lino. Another one had to be gent for from Melbourne, causing a detention of considerable duration. The passengoss were subjected to a very inconvonient delay, nnd tho train which should have arrived ut Sandhurst at a quarter to eleven did not arrive till two o'clock. A correspondent from the WeBtorn district writes : — ' Snakes are uncommonly plentiful in the Western district this season, but a good many of the storios wo hear about them are fictitious.' I, however, saw a clucking hen de feat ono the other day. I was told that one tackled another this morning. There is a shepherd in this district, who generally goes to bed in the dark, for a very good reason, to wit, that he has no light ; but tho other even ing he happened to have a candle end, and examining his bed preparatory to turning in, he found a large black snake coiled between the sheets. The poor man is nervous at all times, but in this emergency ho became per feotly helploss, a circumstance which the rep tile seemed to discover, for it got up nnd quietly made its escape.' The anniversary meeting of the Bendigo St. Andrew's Society took place last evening in the Cavalry Orderly-room, and was attended bv about 150 persons. Dr. J. Boyd, presi dent of the Bociety, picsidod, and he was sup ported by Mr L. M'Lachlan. The president road apologies from the hon. Mr Sullivan, Minister of Mines, from the Foresters, and from tho Mayor, for unavoidable absence. Ho then expressed his feeling of gladness at see ing so large and respeotablo an audience, and addressed the meeting at some length. The other speakers were the hon. J. J. Caaoy, Minister of Justice, Mr A. Mackay, M.L.A., Mr L. M'Lachlan, P.M., and somo others. On tho removal of the tea table, dancing began to tho music of Monaghan's band, and was maintained nntil early morning. Faugh-a-Ballagh has boen scratched for the Hurdle. E«ce at Ballarat, and Sir Solomon for all his engagements. The Sydney Morning Herald of the 27th November aajb: — ',A telegram has just been received by the Government from the manager of the Melbourno branch of the Bank of Now South Wales, to the effect that the loau of £1,000,000 had been placed nt an avorage of £98 3s 4d, and that interest thereon was not to begin until the 1st January next. Three millions and three- quarters were tendered for. Tho placing of this loan on the market is con sidered a great success, and may bo taken as on indication of the confidence of capitalists in the good faith and future prosperity of our colony.' A will case of some singularity cams before Mr Justice Molesworth, in equity, yesterday. The plaintiff, Mrs Edward ' Kearney, Bued Messrs Lowry and M'Gann, oxecutorB under her husband's will, for a settlement of accounts, &c;, but also, and principally , to obtain adecreo from the court which would materially alter a disposition in the will. Mr Kearney, who left very extensive and valuable station property on the South Australian border, directed by his testament that this property should be sold and vested in Irish securities, for the benefit of his family and wife, the latter of whom he declared absolutely must go to the old country, and take the ohildren with her. In case she refused to do this, he orderod that she should be cut off with £150 a year for two years, after which period she was to havo nothing whatever. Mrs Kearney now moved tho court to havo an alteration in this rigorous condition, on the ground that tho young family wera consumptive, dootora' certificateo having baen produced in evidence to prove the state meat. Mr Justice MoleBWorth gaid. that ha could not, upon tho materials beforo him th:ak ef interfering with tho dispositions of the tes tator as to the necessity of tho legatees taking up a certain place of residenco if they wished to participate in tbo property. Ho reserved judgment npon the other requests of tbe bill A correspondent of a now New South Wales paper writes as follows wit'i reference to the \ view to be taken of tho African gold-fields bv Australian miners :— 'Ifiud that at tbe present moment there ia a great inclination amon' tlia gold diggers of tbese colonies to start for the lately-discovered African fields ; and, not considering the loug sea voyage, Borne 7000 milud, nnd a land journey oi over 700 throcirh o. country almost unknown, and inhabited by savage tribes, thore aro numbers now eanuVa good living here who aro prepared °to throw up tUeir present chances, and start at once to this now and improved El Dorado. I do not for a moment wish to throw a doubt upon the story of the gold dis uumicu iu iiiu interior oi Sirica, as both an ciout and modern history havo acquainted us with tbo fact ; but what I should wish to in j quire is, havo we any authentic returns of the actual richness of the fiuda ; and, if so, what are they ? Or is this only another mad rnsh bo common to tho Anstraliun gold- seeker? Yet how much more mad when v/o consider the vast distances and dangers to be compassed.' Tho following ghost story comes frora Now South WrUb, and is not tho firdt of the kind that has been told in that colony. If a (ljsco. very of a mnrdor should shortly be inado in tue neighborhood of the spirit's locale, our youni? fa.'nn.ln l\\. ~ il fi ? T _ . ,, i *_. D iiiuuub, mo uurroncy uassea and 'Corn- stalks,' will no doubt becomo devout believers in tbe anthentic character of the apparition : ? ' A roport is current (observes the Newcastle Chronicle) that tho apparition of a woman clothed in white has recently boon Been ou the Breakwater Beach. The object, it is said, makes its appearance between the hours of nine and twelve at night, and has boen witnessed by a number of people from the hill. In ouo or two instances tho spectators havo descended tho cliff, und gone close up to where the ' ghost* was lost noticed, but, us is usually the caao with ghosts, nothing whatever was to bo seen. If the ghost is really a female, wo hope that in future she will keep better honrs.' Two gentlemen, natives of Parramatta, have daring the past few days, returned to that town' bringing with them well- earned honors in tho Hold of mediGal science. Ono of thorn, Mr C. E. Eowling, is the son of tho lato Alderman Howling, ef Melbourne, who resided for many years in Parramatta, carrying on 1 usiness as chemiBt and druggist. Mr C. E. Eowling, who was educated in Sydnoy, completed his studies in King's College, London. It is understood to be his intention to prnotise in Mndgeo. The other gentleman is Mr James Houison, son of one of tho oldest und mo3t respected citizens of cryuuuy. iuQcu interest, says a correspondent of the Herald, is felt in Parramatta at this al most' simultaneous return ol two gentlemen, natives of the town, who have acquitted them selves so well in tho past, aud havo such fair promises for the future. During the last few weoka a semi-official ex amination has been made of trade circnlars, and invoices and ontries at the Customs in Sydney with a view to obtain fur ther , information iu regard to the opera tion of tbe ad valorem duties. Tho in quiry was confined to tho importa [of three nrma who deal in the samo description of mor cbandiso, who obtain goods from the same houses, and who are supposed to carry on bu siness under circumstances equally favorable. The value put npon these goods by those who lftVfl TiflHRnH t.llpm fl»»*ftnivli fl,n f1nnU«. I ? varied from twenty or fifty to a hsndrod per cont. Thus, presuming that the one who paid highest did not favor tbe Treasury (to do which is by no means a common failing), the others obtained through the Castom Houso an advantage whioh would enable them to sell at a lower price, and make a good profit on the transaction by realising the difference between a fair duty and that paid on tbo declared value. If this bo so, Bays tho Herald, it is clear that there is room for reform in tuo act, and also in the Customs department. Wo have a fortnight's later news from tho Cape of Good Hopo, our files being to the 19tU of August. The Caps Standard of that date announoes tho deatu of Sir William Hodges, Chief Justice of the colony, whioh occurred on the 17th August. ' So sudden and so totally unexpected was this painful ovent,' says the Standard, 'that the nows of it, when first announced, was hardly crodited. Sir William had been slightly unwell at tbo beginning ot last week, and was unablo to take his seat in court, but tho public, and, we believe, his family, had no idea that his illness was of a sorious naturo, or that any danger was to bo apprehonded. During Saturday night, how over, and Sunday, the Bymptoms became moro decided in thoir character, and early on Mon day morning the illnoss terminated in death. The direct cause of death was congestion of tho lunga, aggravated by general physical weakness.' The same journal givoa the fol lowing general summary : — ' The past fort night has seen some political activity, but trade has been doll, and we are now looking forward to the close of the session and the commencement of business. In the neighbor hood of Cape Town tbo wont of rain is much felt, but the accounts from tho country are encouraging, and lead us to expect an abundant harvest. If this for a second time in succession should crown the labors of the husbandman, the colony will have made a great step in advance towards recovering the losses inllioted by drought and cattle disense, more or less pre vailing during several preceding years. Bat little new is known about tho gold-fields, and some time mu&t; elapse before preciso informa tion - is gained respecting them. Parliament has wisely sanctioned the sending of a com mission to tho spot, but tUo Government have not yet matured any.'plan, or nt least havo not announced it. A well- equipped expedition, armed with something like authority, aud con sisting of practical as well as scientific men, with some laborers and proper appliances, will soon determine questions of route as well a3 the extent and value of the gold-fields. Until their roport is made, it will be idle to speculate much about the gold-fields,' We learn from tho Soutliern Cross of the 21st November, that tho Ohiwa river suddenly overflowed its banks at Opitiki on the previous Sunday. The visitation was unaccountable, aa thoro had been no very heavy rains on the coast. The settlers Buffered sovoro loss, the water on the flat having risen six or sevon feet, carrying away bridges, and complutoly destroy ing cultivations. Many persons took refuge on the tops of houses and fences, from which they were removed in boats. No lives were loot. The natives were all quiet, and thero appeared to be no indication ef immediato danger in that locality. In the Banco Court yesterday, arguments were partly heard upon the legal points re- served in the action of Moore (official as- signee) v. Graham (chairman, &c.;), respecting the defalcations of Mr Martin, of Young and Martin, in connection with the ship Stag. The case will be continued to- day. The vital statistics for the month of Ostober show the number of doaths to have been, of both sexes, 120 under 5 years, and Hi over 5 years, making a total of 2G1. They aro dis tinguished as males 151, females 113. This is a higher rate of mortality than during the same month extendod over a period of 9 years, with the exception of the mouth of October ia 18GG, when tho deaths numbered 299. A male, who had reaohod the advanced age of 92 yeara, died of bronchitis. Thirteen violent deaths took place in tho month, of which 8 were re ferred to acoideut, 2 to murder or manslaughter, and 3 suioide. Tho following ore the parti culars :— A carter uged 22 died from beh)g passed over by a cart wheel, a male aged 68 died from injuries caused by a horse running away, a boy aged 10 waa accidentally drowned in the Yarra, a seaman aged 22 was drowned in tKoTarfa : whilst drunk, a clork aged 24 waa drowned in the Yarra by the upsetting of a boat, o seaman aged 36 was drowned at St. Kilda, a male aged 38 waa found drowned in the Yarra, a gardenor aged G5 wa3 drowned at St. Kilda, a new-born infant was wiU'nUy suffo cated, a schoolboy aged 10 died 'rom the effects of a blow, a tinsmith aged 45 died from the effects of a self-inflicted wound in the abdomen, a plumber aged 40 drowned himself in the Yarra whilst laboring under insanity, an actress aged 20 poisoned herself with laudanum. Forty seven deaths or nearly 18 per cent, of the whole occurred in charitable institutions, viz. :— 31 in Melbourne Hospital, 2 in the Lying-in Hos pital, 4 in the Benevolent Asylum, 4 in uie Immigrants' Home, 1 in the Industrial Schools, 1 in the Carlton Lunatic Asylum, and 4 in the Yarra Bend Lunatic Asylum. The deaths ol children under 5 years of ago numbered 1/0, of which. 68, or nearly 57 per cent* wero Ql males, and 52, or abont 43 wr cent., were of lemales. Of those driug, 67 were under ouo ?year of bro, 10 were between one and two tears, 18 vrere between two and three, 11 were between tbree and four, and 8 were be tween i«nr »nd five. \- Oar readers will remember tho ease of a man 0* ' '.he nnme of Bray, n seaman «n hoard the t^flh barque Eaglet, who died on the voyage Iron) England to Queensland, 5n consequence of alleged ill- treatment by the master and mate of that vessel. The trial of theBo men took place at the criminal sittings of the Supreme Court at Brisbane, before his Honor Mr Justice Lntwyche, on the 21st November. We take tho following, with reference to it from tho Brisbane Courier of tho 23rd nit. :— ' The ?Eaglet case,' in which Win. Hughes, late ouster of the barque Eaglet, and John Henry Gillett, lato second mate on board tho same vessel, were charged with fcloniouBly killing and slaying Jnmeg Richard Bray, a seaman, created a great amount of interest from the time it commenced on Monday last, np to its conclusion on Saturday evening. On Saturday especially the court and its approaches were thronged with people. The judge's charge created a great deal of snrprise, so strongly wae it in favor of tho accused, and loft little doubt as to the verdict likely to be arrived at. The verdict was given in the following terms : — ? The jnry find the prisoners Hnghes and Gillett not guilty, seeing your Honor has ruled that the cartain waB not bound to provide another loiiging for Bray, after his being turned out of tho forecastlo, but they severely censure tho captain, officers and crew, for their general ill-treatment of the deceased man Bray.1 ' The Polynesians in tho employment of tho Maryborough Sugar Company, Queensland, conceiving themselves to ho ill-treated, havo lor Bomo time strnok work, and have been ro dnccd to a stato of perni- starvation by living on grasa and herbs. It appears that on leaving their native islands thoy were led to believe that their period of nlisence would not exceed twelve ' moons,' equal to about eleven months. It is said thoy are determined not to give way, and hail the chanco of imprisonment as a re ]easo from their present pitiable condition. There are excellont accounts from the Dar ling Downs with regard to the state of the country in that district. Recent refreshing showers have brought np a fine Bpring of grass, and there is now water ou the roads leading to the Gympie gold-fielda. The forfeiture of numerons allotments for non- pnyment of rent due in October is gazetted, and they will be declared open for leasing daring the present month. It will bo seen by telegram that Dnigan, tho bashranger, has been remanded by the Ben alla bench to Belvoir. He will, it appears, be eveutnally sent to Albury to answer a charge of robbary. The land situated in the village of Rhyll, at Fisherman's Point, on the eastern side of Phillip Island, advertised for sale at Mel bourne on tho 29th December, has been with drawn from sale. Miss Eloiae Juno took her first benefit in Melbourne at the Theatre Royal yesterday evening ; tho honse, however, was only a mid dling sort of one. The first piece was the little comedietta of ' A Comical Countess,' in which Mies Juno played Madame Do L'Espalier with much spirit; hut her impersonation of Jeanie Doaus, in a scene which followed from tho ' Heart of Midlothian,' was a great deal happier, aiid it is to ho regretted that the whole piece was not performed. ' King Arthur ' conoluded the entertainments. Mtt Albert Richabdson's Pupils' fifth grand operatio concert will be held in St. George's Hall this evening. In the District Court yesterday, five per *ons wero fined in sums varying from £1 to £3 for allowing their closets to overflow or 10 main leaky. The Meetino of the Fourth Victoria Build ing Sooiety, to have been hold this evening, for tho pnrpose of bringing up the annual statement, has been postponed to the lGth inst. Publications Received. — 'Bradshaw'a Guide to Victoria, for December.' The cele brated duet iu Mr Akhurst'a burlesque ex travaganza ' King Arthur.' The frontispiece rol)%r3 nn exoel'eut photograph of Miss Docy -^ ^art and Miss Marion Duun. i'de Membehs of tiie Gellibband Lodge, M.U.I.O.O.F., gavo a dramatic entertainment last evening fit the Foresters' Hall, Williams town, for the benefit of a brother in distress. Tie performances, which wero well attended, consisted of tho comic drama ,' Only a Cled,' and ' Box and Cox.' An Advertisement announces tfiat it is in contemplation to get up u bazaar in the early part of the year, fin aid of St. Vincent De Paul's Orphanage. This institution, it appears, is hoavily in delifc, and has a large bauk over draft. The efforts of the promoters of the bazaar will doubtless receive considerable sup port. The Head-quahtbes Band will play this after noon, from Iialf-pa3t threo to half-past five o'clock, ou Flagstaff-hill, the following selec tions : — March, ' The Standard Bearer,' Siede ; quadrille, ' Royal Boudoir,' Coote ; selections from 'La Part du Diable,' Auber ; overture, Weber ; waltz,' Amorotten,' Gung'l; selections from ' The Puritan'* Daughter,' Balfo ; galop, ' II Carricolo,' de Grau. An Amateur Concert was given last night at the Town Hall, Hawthorn, by tho Ancient Order of Foresters, in aid of tho benevolent innd of TJ.M.D. The entertainment was under the patronage of tho Borough Councils of Haw thorn and Kew, and several of tho mombers of each wero present, The Mayor of Haw thorn (Mr Lawes) acted as chairman. Tho body of the hall waa well filled, and the gal lery partially, so that a very fair sum must havo been realised for tho benevolent purpose for which this entertainment was given. Eve and Ear Institution. — Tho following subscriptions have been received for the month ending 30th November, 18G8 :— H. J. Bunny, 103; Rev. H. England, £1 Is; Rev. J. O'Moara, £1 Is ; Wm. Ford and Co., £1 Is ; Greig and Murray, £1 1b ; Gemmell, Tuckett ana Co., £1 Is ; Dr. Hardy, £1 Is : Dr. Mar tin, £1 Is; Wm. Bowen, 10s 6d; M. O'Grady, £lls; hon. T. H. Fellows, £2 2s; William Webster, £1; S. Jacobsoii, 2a 6d; L. Steven son and Sons, £2 2s ; Wm. Sloane and Co., dEl Is; Hogan, Bloonoy and Co., £1 Is; George Robertson, £1 Is; afriend of Dr. Gray's, £3 3b; W. B. Noel, 10s ; total. £21 11s. Col lected by Mr and Mrs Jas. Robertson, La Rose, Moonoo' Ponds : — Miss M'Lean, £1 la ; Wm. Kissock, £1 ; Mrs Bell, 12s Od ; Mrs Renisi mon, 10s ; Thos. Napier, 10s ; Mrs Grant, 10s; Jas. Robertson, Yuroke, 10s ; Mrs Jas. Robertson, AberfeWie, 10s ; Joseph M'Intyre, Cs ; Mr CasBon, 5s ; frionds, 5s ; Mrs Famngton, 5a ; Mrs Saunders, senior, 5s; Mrs Oveus, 5s; Mrs Learraonth, 5s ; Mrs Hawkins, 5s ; Mrs Coombs, 5s ; Mrs M'Poyle, 5s ; Mrs Terry, 5s ; Fetor M'Cowan, 5s; Thompson and Brown, 5a ; John West, 5s ; Mrs Woods, 3s ; Mrs Jas. Saandors, junr., 2s Gd ; Mrs Strange, 2a Cd ; Mrs J. H. Hawkins, 2s Gd; Mrs Mathie, 2s Gd ; Mrs Delany, 2s Gd ; J. H. Roach, 2s Gd ; R. Brace, 2s Gd; Miss M'Caskill, 2s Gd ; S. Singloton, 2s 6d ; friends, 5s ; — Baker, 2s ; Mrs Larkins, 2s ; Mrs Bergin, Is ; ' total, £10 10s. __J ? 