CHURCH OF ST. JOHN THE BAPTIST, GOULBOURN-STEEET. On the 10th instant, being Maundy Thursday, the Heverend Henry Bod ley Bromby, B A., was solemnly ' instituted " as Incumbent of the Parish Church of St. John the Baptist, Goulbou:n-stree*\ vacant by the rccenfc resignation and retirement From the active duties of the Ministry of the Reverend J- Tiee GeSlibrsad. According to notice duly given in the Church, and published in the lasmanian Times of the previous dayythe ceremony of Institution took place at the Parish Church at 11 a.m., in the presence of a' large congregation. At the Lour named the Bishop preceded by the Clergy, and attended br the Churchwardens, entered the Chanf-el, when morning prayer was said by the liev. J". T. Gellibrand, the late Incumbent, assisted by the Rev. E. H. Cox, Incumbent of St. David's, and the Rev. C. J. Brammall, the Hew Minister of Sorell. The 'hymn Veni, Creator Spiritus having been sung, the Venerable Archdeacon Daviea commenced the special office,.of " Institution " .as follows:— Dearly belot3td in the I«ord, we liave assembled for the' purpose of duly instituting the Eer. H. B. Bromby into this parish and church as Incumbent of the same, and we have received from the Bishop the prescribed letter of institution. But if any of you can show just cause why he may not he instituted, we proceed no further, because we would not that an unworthy person should minister among you. Mr. Newman then, as Senior Churchwarden, came forward and addreaBed the new Incumbent in these words:— In the name and on behalf of St. John's parish I do 'receive and acknowledge you, the Bev. XL B. Bromby as Incumbent of the same, and in token thereof give into your hands the keys of ibis church. To which answer was made by the newlncumbent;— I, Henry Bodley Brombv, receive these keys of the bouse of God at your hands, as the pledges of my institution,and of your parochial recognition,and promise by the help of God to be a iaiihful shepherd over you, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. - •" Min. Hie Lord be with you. Ans. Ahdwith thy spirit. 7 Let ns pray. Prevent ns, O lord, in all our doings, with thy most gracious favour, and farther ns with thy continual help,, that in all our works begun, continued,, and ended in thee," ire may glonfy thy holy name, and finally by thy mcrcy obtain everlasting life, through Jesus Christ our Lord : who hath taught ns to pray unto'thee, © Almighty Father, in his prevailing nameand words. Then the Bishop received the new Incumbent •within the Altar-rails, and presenting to him the great Bible and Prayer-book of the Church, •poke as follows:— Receive these books; and let them be the rule of thy conduct in dispensing the divine word, in leading the devotions of 'Hie people, and In exercising the discipline of the church; and be thou in all things a pattern to the flock committed to thy care. The ^institution office was then proceeded •mlh as follows :— LaiidaU Nomen. O Praise the Lord, laud y« the nameof thel-ord: praise it, O ye servants of the Lord. (Psalm exxxv. lo . 2 Ye that stand in Hie honse of the Lord: in the courts of the house of onr "God. (Verse 2.) 3 O praise the Lord, for the Lord is gracious : O sing praises unto his naine, for it is lovely. (V. 3.) 4 The Lord is gracious and merciful: long suffering, and of great goodness. (Psalm cxlv. 8.) • 5 The Lord is loving unto every man : and his mercy is over all his'works. (Verse 9.) -6 All thy works praise thee, O' Lord: and thy saints give thanks unto thee. (Verse 10.) 7 The Lord doth build up Jerusalem : and gather together the outcasts -of Israel. (Psalm cxlvii2.) •:- 8 He healeth those that are broken in heart : and giveth medicine to heal their sickness. (Verse 3.) 9 The Lord's delight is in them that fear him ; and pat their trust in his mercy. (Verse 11.) 10 Praise the Lord, O Jerusalem ": praise thy God, O Zioh. (Verse 12.) 11 For he hath made fast the bars of thy gates : and hath bless«L thy children within thee. (Verie 13.) 12 He makath peace in thy borders : and filleth thee with the iiower of wheat. (Verse 14). \ 13 He is our (God, even the God of whom cometh salvation: God'is the Lord by whom we escape death. (Psalm Ixviii. 20.) 14 O God, -wonderful art thou in thy holy places: even the God of Israel; he will give strength x«d power unto his people.: blessed be God. (Verse 35.) Glory he to the Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy Ghost. ' , „ As it was in the beginning, is now, and ever shall be, world without end. Amen. Min. The law was given by Moses. Peop. Bat grace and truth came by Jesus Christ. Min. Peop. Who is over all, God blessed for evermore. Amen. Let us pray. Almighty God, the giver of all good gifts, who of thy divine providence hast appointed divers orders in thy church; give thy grace, we humbly beseech thee, to thy servant, to whom the charge of iliis congregation is now committed; and so replenish him with the truth of thy doctrine, and endue him with innocency of life, that he may faithfully serve before thee, to the glory of thy great name, and the benefit of thy holy church, through Jesus Christ, our Lord. Amen. O Holy Jesus, who hast purchased to thyself an universal church, and hast promised to be with those whom thou hast duly called to the work of the hoiy ministry, in perpetual succession, even to the end of the world; be graciously pleased to bless the ministry and service of him, who is now appointed to offer the sacrifices of prayer and praise to. thee in this Honse, which is called by thy name. May ths words of his mouth, and the meditation of his heart be always acceptable, in thy sight, O Lord, dur strength and our Bedeemer. Amen. O -God, Holy Ghost, Sanctifier of the faithful, visit, we pray tliee, this congregation with thy love and favour; enlighten their minds more and mora with the light of the everlasting gospel; graft in their hearts the love of thy name; increase in them true religion; nourish them with all goodness; and of thy great mercy keep them in the same, O blessed Spirit, whom with the Father and the Son together we worship and glorify as one God, world without end. Amen. Benediction. The God of peaee, who brought again from the dead our Lord Jesus Christ, that great Shepherd of the sheep, through the blood of the everlasting covenant, make you perfect in every good work to do his will, working in you that which is well pleasing in his sight, through Jesus Christ; to whom be glory for ever and ever. Amen. At this point the newly instituted Minister proceeded with the service, first of all kneeling at the Holy Table to present his supplication for himself ns follows :— O Lord my God! I am not worthy that thou shouldest come under my roof; yet thou hast honoured thy servant with appointing him to stand in thy house, an-l to serve in thy Presence. To thee and io thv service I devote myself my body, soul, and spirit,with all their powers and faculties. Fill my memory with the words of thy law; enlighten my understanding with the illumination of the Holy Ghost; and may all the wishes and desires of my will centre in that which thou hast commanded. And, to make me instrumental in promoting the salvation of the people now committed to my charge, grant that I may faithfully administer thy holy sacraments, and by my life and doctrine set forth thy trne and lively word. Be ever with me, in the performance of all the duties of my ministry; in prayer, to quicken my devotion; in praise, to heighten my love and gratitude; and in preaching, that I may think and speak according to the clearness and excellency of thy holy word. Grant this for the sake of Jesus Christ thy Son our Saviour. Amen. The Lord be with you. Ans. And with thy spirit. Let us pray. O Almighty God, who hast built thy church upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the chief corner-stone; grant that, by the operation of the Holy Ghost, all Christian people may be so joined together in unity of spirit, in the bond of peace, and in righteousness of life, that they may be an holy temple acceptable unto thee. And especially, to this congregation here present, give the abundance of thy grace; that with one heart, they may desire the prosperity of thy holy apostolick church, and with one month, aiay profess "the faith once delivered to the saints. Defend them from all false doctrine, heresy, and 2 St Johnt Church schism; 1st not the foot of pride come high to hurt them, nor the hand of the ungodly to cast them down. And grant that the course of this world may be so peaceably ordered by thy governance, that thy church may joyfully serve thee in all godly j quietness; that so we may walk in the ways of truth and peace, and at last be numbered with thy saints in gloiy everlasting, through the merits of Jesus Christ, the Bishop and Shepherd of oar souls; who, with the Father and the Holy Ghost, liveth and reigneth, one God, world without end. Amen. The iiistiiuied minisUr- then proceeded with tlie Communion Office, the Archdeacon and the Bev. J. T. Gellibrand being Gospeller and Epistoler. The .Holy Cojimunion was then administered to the Bishop and clergy present and a large number of the laity the Bishop pronouncing the final blessing, the Churchwardens and other parishioners saluting the new Incumbent, and wishing him " God Speed." Thus terminated this very interesting ceremony. We heartily congratulate St. John's Church on its new Incumbent. It is very satisfactory to observe that the Bishop's sou owes his first cure io the spontaneous nomination of a Board of Patronage, and not to his father's appointment. There is thus no room for a pos - sible charge of nepotism. Mr. Bromby owes his first .Tasmanian preferment to his character and merits as a devout and energetic Minister. 