CRESWICK ANNUAL RACES. . .( THURSDAY, FEB- 27. Stewards-Messrs. Antony, E. Boyce, Jas. Orr, E Williams, Geo. Wilson, Adolph' 1 Janssen, H. N. Janssen, J. S. Kelly. Judge ¡ -Mr. C. C. Dowling. Starter Mr. E. Williams. t . i After four hours' journey by rail and one and a half by car, we found ourselves on the Creswick Racecourse, which is distant about twelve miles from Ballarat, and situated amongst some of the loveliest scenery of the colony. The attendance, in spite of a good bill of fare, was very small, and 'may be computed at 500. Although the racing on the whole was good, not much interest was shown in the different events, betting bEing almost at a standstill. About half-a-dozen of the metropolitan division, including three members of the ring, showed up- these last not " doing remarkably well" by any means. The jocks for the Maiden Plate were just being weighed out as we arrived on the course, and nine very moderate animals went to the post to contest it, including Chumpkey, the winner of the Maiden Plate at the Miners' Races lost week, who on this occasion also was the first to catch the judge's eye, followed by Lady Zanga and Rose ; but no sooner had he returned to scale than Mr. Wedgewood entered a protest against him as being identical with Letter-Carrier, the winner of the Ararat and several other Maiden Plates some time back. The stewards did not take evidence till after the next race, and when they did, they postponed their decision till the morrow. If the case against Chump key is substantiated, it is to be hoped that the stewards will show their sense of such under- hand practices by disqualifying both horse and owner, and that the Melbourne and Ballarat Clubs will back them up, as it is high time such disreputable little games were put a stop to, The Creswick Handicap then followed, but, alas I how, shorn of its once fair proportions ; out of the thirteen entries, only four acceptors came to the post, and even then 2 to 1 was laid on the mysterious Post- boy, who, contrary to his usual tactics, took the lead almost from the jump, and won hard held, Blair Athol, under a very light burden, being the only horse near him. Snip, although he was first off, was soon pulled back, and kept about 100 yards behind the others all the way round, but coming with a rush at the end, defeated Highland Lass on the post for third place. After nearly an hours delay, the eleven entered toed the scratch for the Selling Race, for which Jack Tar was made the favourite at 2 to 1, Darkie and Pheasant being next in public estima- tion at 3 to 4. None of the favourites, however, had the ghost of the show at the finish with Miss Lord, formerly in Waldock's stable, 18 she won very easily by a length from Pleasant. She was put up to auction immediately after the race, but returned to her owner at 25-26 to the funds. Darkie, whom Mr. Craig purchased last week, after the Miners' Races, from Mr. Tozer, was slightly lame before starting, and when he returned to scale could scarcely raise one foot from the ground, so Mr. Bailey at once put the pen through his name for the next event, the Selling Hurdle Race. There was more betting on this than on any other race ; the public taking 6 to 4 about both Polly Hopkins and Garibaldi, whilst Marmion had friends at 2 to 1. The hopes of the latter were soon blighted, however, as he baulked at the first hurdle, and again at the third, whereby he lost so much ground that his jock, finding it useless to per- severe, pulled him up. Tomboy made the running the first round, when Polly Hopkins went up, and getting in front kept there till the end, beating Garibaldi easily by two lengths. She found a new owner in Mr. John Browne, at £31 ; £11 to the funds : MAIDEN PLATE, Of 20 sovs. One mile and a half. Weight for age, For all horses that have never won an advertised race of the value of 20 sovs. Mr. Mitchell's b g Chumpkey, 0 yrs, lost. lib. (IV. Mitchell Mr. AYcdgowood'a b m Lady Zanga, 4 yrs, 9st. 8lb. (Hughes' Mr. M'Intyre's b m Rose, aged, 10st Lib. (T. VVal docks Mr. Wilson's br g Butcher Boy, i yrs, 6st. 8lb. (T. Wilson). Mr. Mount's b g Viking (late Sinbad), 6 yrs, Oat. 111\. (Davidson). Mr. Joseph's r g Alfred, i yrs, 9st. 8lb. (Poison). Mr. Walker's b m Mary Blair, 0 yrs, 10st. lib. (T. Merritt). Mr. Allardyce's b of Lady Prospect, 3 yrs, 7st. 5lb. (carried 8st. 2lb.) (Walters). Mr. Perkins's br g The Miller, i yrs, 6st. 8lb. (Perkins). Betting 3 to 1 on the field. The Miller was the first to show in front, and he led past the stand the first time, followed by Chumpkey, Rose, and Mary Blane. At the back of the course, Chumpkey got the lead, which he kept to the end, winning, after a bit of a set-to with Lady Zanga, by a neck ; Rose three lengths behind, third. Time 1min. 4sec. A protest was entered against the winner for having won the Maiden Plate at Ararat under another name; and after hearing evidence the stewards deferred their decision till to-morrow. THE CRESWICK HANDICAP, Of 40 sovs. Two miles and a distance, penalties, &c.; Mr. Pearson's ch. g Postboy, aged, 9st., Poison .. 1 Mr. Poole's b g Blair Athol, aged, 7st. 7lb., J. Taylor 2 Mr. Jellett's br g Snip, aged, 9st. 8lb. (including 5lb. extra). Mitchell. 3 Mr. Grant's b in Highland Lass, Cat. 1846., E. Blachford Betting 2 to 1 on Postboy. The four got away to a fair start, Ship being the first to show in advance, but was soon pulled back into last place. After the first half mile Postboy took the lead, and keeping it throughout, won hard held by a length, Blair Athol second, and Snip 20 lengths behind, third. Time, 4min. 10sec. SELLING RACE, Of 20 sovs. One mile and a half. Weight for age. Winner to be sold for 60 sovs. ; if entered for £50, allowed 7lb. ; if £40 14lb. ; if £30, 2116. ; if £20, 281. Mr. Mitchell's b m Miss Lord, by Panic, 6 yrs, 7st 1916., £20 (Howells Mr. Poole's b g Pheasant, aged, 8st. 8lb. £30 (S. Taylor). 2 Mr. Greville's cb g Tearaway, aged; 8st. Hb., £20 (Greville) 3 Mr. Bailey's blk g Darkie, aged, 8st Hb., £10 (S. Davis). Mr. Worrell's , b in Music, aged, 8st. 8lb., £30 (J. ' Wilson) Mr. Jellett's b g Jack Tar, aged. 8st. 8lb., £30 (Blashford) > tar Mr. A. Person's gie O. O., aged, stalls.. £30 (Poison) . Mr. Wiggins' g g Phantom, aged, 8st Hb., £20 (A. Hill Mr. Walker's b g Puzzlor, aged, 8st Hb., £20 (Cranston) Mr. Sanders's b g Erin, aged, 8st lib., £20 (Turner) Mr. AYcdgew wood's b p inliosalle,aged, But. lib.,£20 (Hughes) Betting 2 to 1 agst Jack Tar, 3 to 1 agst Darkie and Pheasant. Music was the first to get away, and, with TearaAvay and Darkie for her immediate followers, led round the first turn. Passing the stand, Tearaway was first, Music second, Darkey third. Tearaway went on with the running to the last turn, when both Pheasant and Miss Lord passed him. A good race then ensued up the straight, ending in favour of Miss Lord by a length, Tearaway third, Jack Tar and Music running a dead heat for fourth place. The winner was put up to auction after the race, and bought in for £26. SELLING HURDLE RACE, Of 20 sovs. About two miles and a distance. Weight for age. Winner to be sold for 40 sovs. If entered for £30, allowed 7lb. ; if £20, 1446. Mr. Wedge wood's b m Polly Hopkins, Ost. Hb., £20 (Hughes. Mr. Cousens blk g Garibaldi, aged. 9st. 8lb., £30 (Merrie). .. - ..... Mr. Perkin's b g Marmion aged, 9st. lb., £20 (M'Minlmy). li-'' / Mr. J. Rossrs g g Tomboy, aged, 9st. lb., £20 (Owner). Mr. Allardyce's o f Bandoline, li yrs., 8st. 1916., £20 (Walters). Tomboy led the first round, when Polly I Hopkins took the lead, and, keeping it won easily by four lengths, Garibaldi second, Ban- decline third. Tomboy fell two fences from home whilst running third, and Marmion put his chance out by baulking at the first and third hurdles. Polly was put up immediately after the race, and knocked down to Mr. Brown for £31'. ' The Hack Race was won by Puzzler, beat- ing Erin and five others. j FRIDAY, FEB. 28. The, attendance, on the course to-day was greater than that of yesterday ; but at no time during the meeting were there more than 600 people on the ground. We were again favoured with fine weather, if anything a trifle too hot. On our arrival on the course at twelve o'clock, the stewards were busy deciding the protest as to Chumpkey in the Maiden Plate the previous day, and at about a Quarter to one they published the following Scotch verdict ..-'."Ehe stewards are. of opinion, that there has not been sufficient evidence adduced to prove that Chumpkey" is the same horse as, Letters cftrrier1'"Avho ' ran at Ararat, and' won, all 1 j y t l- I? "e I.' J'li). J's ' 5 ft 5" 1'' the Maiden Plate there." The bell then rang for the jocks to weigh for the Novel Race, which was won by Churn play, after a good race with Miss Lord and Pheasant. He was put up to auction' and bought in for £30, realising £10 for the club. Jupiter was scratched early in the morning for the Hurdle Race, thus leaving, only' Fenian and Skylark to go for the £30 given by the club. Fenian was the favourite at 2 to 1 on him, but there was hardly a 10-acre lost or won. They made a good race of it for about half ? the journey, when Skylark, who was leading, ran round the Hurdles, thus letting Fenian get 300 yards in advance of her, and although Waldock persevered to the end, it was of no use, as Mr. Bailey's horse cantered home a winner by fifty lengths. In the next race, the Free Handicap, we were treated to a fine piece of jockeyship by Hill, the rider of Whalebone. Postboy was the favourite at 2 to 1 on him, and followed by Miss Lord, he led into the straight apparently an easy winner, Whalebone three lengths behind About ten strides from home, Whalebone collared Miss Lord, and shouts of "Whalebone's second !" " Miss Lord's second !" rent the air, when Hill sat down on his horse, and changing his whip to the left hand, he let his horse have it. He answered gamely, and before Person, who was behind him, had time to shake his horse together, Whale- bone shot past the chair first, by a head, amidst the greatest excitement, one bookmaker remarking If this was the Melbourne Cup you would have to send me to the Yarra Bend." The trot was a miserable affair, all the horses, with the exception of Dinah, continually breaking, and indulging every now and then in a short gallop ; some of them taking it into their heads to take short cuts, and so on. There was hardly any betting on the result, the interest being purely local. The winner turned up in a grey horse pony, Tommy, who, ran in bandages ; Dinah, who never broke' once all through being second, and another Tommy third. , As it was getting" late we decided not to wait to see the Consolation run. NOVEL RACE, Of 20 sovs. ; one mile ; entrance, 1 sov. ; weight for age. Winner to be sold for 20 sovs. Horses not having won a prize of 20 sovs. allowed 7lb. Mr. Mitchell's b g Ghumpkoy. aged. 10st. lib. (W. Mitchell) at Mr. Poole's b g Pheasant, aged, lust. lib. Bateman 2 Mr. Mitchell's b m Miss Lord, 6 yrs, 6st. 4lb. (Howell).s Mr. Wilson's g g Poor Mick, aged, 10st. Lib. (T. Wilson Mr. Saunders's b m Blue-tailed Fly. 5 yrs, 9st. jib. (T. Walduck) Mr. Wilson's b m Majestic, aged, 9st. 8lb. (Wright) Mr. Wiggins's g g Phantom, aged, 9st. 3lb., dr. Betting 2 to 1 ogst Chumpkey, 5 to 2 agst Miss Lord and Poor Mick. Majestic was late at the post, and did not start, although weighed out. The lot were despatched to a bad start, Poor Mick being left at the post. Chumpkey jumped off, with the lead, and led to the last turn, when Miss Lord came up, and challenged him, 10 but Chumpkey, although brought to the whip, was too good for the mare, and won by a length and a half: Pheasant, who came through in the last few strides, beating Miss Lord for second place by half a length. The winner was bought in for £30. THE HANDICAP HURDLE RACE, Of 30 sovs. Two miles and a half. Mr. Bailey's b g Fenian, aged, 10st. (Downes) .. 1 Mr. Richardson's b g Skylark, aged. 8st. 10lb. (T. Waldock) 2 Mr. Paterson's gr g Jupiter, aged, 9st. (dr). Betting 2 to 1 on Fenian. Fenian was the first to show in front, and led over the first hurdle j but at the next Sky- lark passed him, both going very slow. At the seventh hurdle Skylark, when leading, ron round, thus giving Fenian a lead of three hundred yards, which, although the mare tried her best, she could not make up, Fenian cantering in first. FREE HANDICAP, Of 30 sovs. One mile and a half. Penalties, &c.; Mr. Perkins's b g Whalebone, aged, 7st. 12 lb. (A. Hill) 3 Mr. Pearson's ch g Postboy, aged, 9st 7lb. (including 5lb. extra) (Poisoned Mr. Orov Life's ch g Tearaway aged, 7st. (Overson).. 3 Mr. Mitchell's b m Miss Lord. 5 yrs, 7st. 8lb. (carried 8st.), (Howell). Mr. Perkins's b g Marmion, Byra, 7st. 10lb. (Taylor) Mr. Jellett's b g B.,A., 8 yrs, 7st. 8lb. Betting 2 if kept Postboy,- 3 to lags Whalebone. , . ' After one false start, they got away well together, Miss Lord just showing in front. Coming round the first turn, Postboy was first, Marmion second, and Tearaway third, Whalebone lying off. Postboy went on with the running to the last turn, where Whale- bone wrested second position from Miss Lord. Coming up the straight, Postboy was apparently winning in a canter, but Hill, sitting down on his horse, came with a most determined rush, and just nobbled Postboy on the post, winning by a head, Tearaway third, two lengths behind. TROTTING RACE, " "5'' Of 20 sovs. Three miles. Weight not less than 10st. Saddle or harness. Winner to he sold for 50 sovs. Selling allowances, c Second to receive 5 sovs. from the course. Mr. J. Williams's g g Tommy (£20), 100 yards (J. Williams) .... 'of Mr. Westaway's blk m Dinah (£10), 210 yards (Westaway) 2 Mr. M'Kenzie's b h Tommy (£20), 100 yards (T. Wilson). 3 Mr. Borland's Johnny Day (£30), scratch (Borland). Mr. Mount's b m Flora Temple (£30), scratch (W. Trainor), Mr. Day's b m Barmaid, (30), scratch (J. B. Day). Mr. Cavanagh's b m Learmonth (£10), 200 yards (W. Mitchell). Mr. Orovor'sb m Nancy (£10), 200 yards (driven by drover). Mr. Beveridge's blk g Doctor (£20), 100 yards (Bate- man) Mr. Dennis's ch in Rose (£10), 100 yards (Dennis), No betting. A good start was effected to the report of a gun. The grey Tommy soon made tracks, and, passing the stand the first time, he was leading by two lengths, Dinah second, and the bay Tommy third, none of the others in the race. This order was maintained all through, the grey eventually winning by quite a hundred yards. 