THE WEEK'S NEWS. His Excellences Peivate Stjob.—The Go vernment Gazette announces some changes in the Governor's private staff. Captain Clarke is ap pointed Private Secretary, vice Mr. D. G. Daly, resigned; and Lieutenant Turner replaces Captain Clarke as A.D.C. during the short time His Excellency will probably remain in office. These officers continue to perform their military duties, as Colonel Hamley has also done, since he suc ceeded to the administration of the Government Football.—Mrs. Hamley, in the presence of a considerable number of spectators, presented the South Adelaide Football Players (blues), with the prizes, consisting ef slippers, boots, smoking-caps, &c.;, on Saturday afternoon, August 1, on the North Park Lands, the trophies having been won the previous Saturday afternoon, when the South Adelaides beat the North Adelaides (pinks) two goals to one. The Concordia Band was on the ground, and discoursed some lively music during the afternoon. After the presentation, a scratch match was arranged, and play was kept up with spirit until nearly sundown. Chbistciiuech.—The Ven. Archdeacon Marry at preached his first sermon after entering upon the Incumbency of Christchurch on Sunday, August 2. There was a good congregation, and the Arch dcucon, after announcing his text, remarked that he had never felt the difficulty of addressing a Christian church so much as upon that occasion. He alluded to the trying circumstances under which a young clergyman preached his first sermon, and spoke of his position as being even still more embarrassing. During the past few weeks circumstances so novel, so unprecedented, so contrary to all his experience, that he found it impossible to realize his true position, and the first question that occurred to his mind was what course ought he to pursue. Ought he to explain his own standpoint, although that would be to stir up old grievances, tr should he ignore what was past. At the risk of being charged with cowardice, and of allowing tilings to look more unfavourable to him than they seemed to look; he had resolved—and he trusted that he did them no wrong in believing they would give him credit for pure motives—to take the latter course. He had done so in hope that bygones would be bygones, in accordance with the old pro verb, "Least said soonest mended," and in trust that he should have the benefit of this resolution, which was carried unanimously, announced pub licly, and forwarded to him:—"That this meeting, however warmly each member of it may support the member he prefers, pledges itself, on the appointment of an incumbent properly pre sented, Collectively and individually to support him cordially in the discharge of his duties among them as incumbent of Christchurch." How could any minister of Christ ask or desire more than this? Only on one other point would he touch briefly, and he trusted he might do so without offence. Until the day upon which he received the presentation, apparently unanimously signed, and received his licence as incumbent of Christchurch, he had been entirely passive in the matter of the appointment. A cure like this, of such importance, he felt should be regarded as an ordination coming from God, which required no interference on his part whatever. For with his trust in God, he hoped he had long learned that He could order all things for good; that He would do better for us than we could for ourselves. He knew that ofttimesGod had been more merciful to him than he could be to himself. In great things they should stand still and bear what was the will of God. Either directly or indirectly He ruled all tilings alike for good. It was for us to do our duty, to fight our fight valiantly, and leave the rest to God. With this as the starting point, there should be one common united object animating the minister and his Church. The example of Christ whilst upon earth and of his Apostles should stimulate them to action. There was work to be done, but there was no longer a God-Man upon earth to perform it. The Gospel had to be preached to men by men of like passions and infit mities to those whom they addressed. The mi nister had his work, but every portion of the Church should work together with him for one common good. Their objects should be to save their own souls as well as those of others. They should combine together by every means in their power to teach the young, educate the ignorant, support the weak, visit the sick, comfort the sorrowful—in short, to assist in that which was represented as the special work for which Christ was sent. And what congregation was there in the diocese better able to fulfil this work? What congregation afforded the minister more promise of an abundant harvest than that which he saw around him? At present he knew but little about the parish; but it was so compact, the parishioners lived within such an easy distance of the church, that by God's help the minister should be able to have the sympathy and assistance of all in the work of Christ. He did not know many of them, but he knew that there were in the Church true devoted men and women, whose praise was in the Churches, who had heads to plan, hands to work, and hearts to carry out any scheme proposed for the benefit of the parish. With the intelligence, wealth, and industry that was amongst them he did not know what they might not attempt to do, or what they might not hope to succeed in. He did not know any diocese where so many advantages lay on the surface, from which so much could be hoped. They had amongst them those who could engage in work of a spiritual and charitable kind; those who could work earnestly, as Sunday-school teachers; those who could visit the sick. Then in their public worship their service was not designed to impress the senses by gaudy show, or awe the mind with pomp and splendour. It spoke to the heart and mind and conscience of every one present, leading and encouraging every one to take his part—whether in the responses, the chants, or the hymns. Let every one then do his part, responding audibly, singing heartily, and he believed there would be in the church nothing lacking which the spirituality and heartiness of their worship could require. He exhorted young men to unite for' mutual improvement. Were it not his bounden duty to recommend this, he would feel constrained to do so from the happy hours he had spent and the friendships he had formed with those who had joined him during the last 11 years of his ministry. The blessings attained through Christian labour were the pledge and foretaste of blessings to come. Eedeemed by Christ's precious blood, they would at last enter into His holy kingdom, there to enjoy freedom from all disputes, all misunderstandings, from all the ills and the thousand natural shocks which flesh was heir to; in other words, to enjoy perfect peace and perfect happiness. The service closed in the usual wav. Letter - Writing Extraordinary. — The Ararat Advertiser has been favoured with the following curious specimen of letter-writing, which it gives verbatim.-.—"4, 1S68—Sur Meastar,— Yond u Belich me Bey sanding my worrdd wadther you Hafa seann odrir herd thadt maer Brandet near sholdrar, Broen mar, no oder Brand on har If you can geaf me ane en var machan id hi abelith tou you."' Valuable Bams.—Mr. 25". P. Baley, a great sheep-breeder in New South Wales, has sold lately 200 nine-month rams for no less than £700. Telegraphic Affairs at Narracoorte. — The Government Telegraph Station at Mosquito Plains having been built about half a mile from the township, in which the hotels, stores, and other business are located, the Telegraph-Master is required to carry every message he receives for the trading population the distance named, and mean time close his office. He has no assistant, one of course not being required, as the Post-Office is distinct from the Telegraph Department at Narra coorte. The labour involved in the Station-Master being himself required to deliver messages, and the inconvenience resulting from his frequent absence on these errands, led to a request for a messenger being made, when, after consideration, the fol lowing reply was received"Sir—1 must apologize for the apparant delay in acknowledging your letter of the 1st instant, but as your request in volved an expenditure for which there was no provision on the Estimates, I bad to bring the matter before the Government, and point out the inconvenience you refer to. I am now desired to inform you that the Telegraph revenue at Narra coorte will not allow of the appointment of a mes senger. I am. Sir, &c.;, Charles Todd. Adelaide, July 21, 1868." Mineral Lease Squattages.—The Wallaroo Times says—"Ail instance of the uncertainty which may happen as to a man reaping the reward of his labours, unless prudent care is bestowed, occhrs in connection with the sinking of the shaft of the Hamley Company, which will be com menced on Monday, August 3. The workmen will commence operations in the middle of a miner's garden, and within 30 feet of tlie door of his house. Of course the man put up his house and cultivated his garden liable to this contingency; but, no doubt, he will now wish he had not chosen a site upon a section rented for mineral purposes, in the possession of which he was likely to be disturbed." Franklin Habbodr Postage. — From the Wallaroo Times we learn that " Mr. Davidson has returned from Franklin Harbour in the Black Cloud, and he has received a letter from the Postmaster-General to the effect—that as Dr. McKechnie wished to give up the contract for the conveyance of mails from Franklin Harbour, upon his (Mr. Davidson's) filling up the proper forms and finding sureties, the conveyance of the mail will be entrusted to him." Scotch Highlanders.—A volunteer brigade, wearing the tartan of the 42nd Regiment of Royal Highlanders, has been recently formed in Sydney. Eetubk of Old Colonises—By the branch* steamer have returned to Adelaide Mr. 6. C. Hawker and Sirs. Saunders, daughter of Mrs, FarrelL They appear to be in escellent health. This Bev. A. R. Russell—We see from a notice- published in England that our respected fellow-colonist, Mr. Russell, is- preaching and ecturing on behalf of the Society for the Propaga tion of the Gospel iu Foreign Parts. The notice, which is headed with the name of the Society, runs thus:—""Archdeaconry of Staffbrd, 1868.—The Rev. A, Russell, Canon of Adelaide, and R.D., is under engagements as follows to preach or lecture in aid of the Society." The programme extends from June 14 to June 28, and the places named are Oakamoor, Freehay, Caverswali, Alton, Denstone, Blore, Swynnerton, Blurton, Normacot, Sheen, Trentham, Wolstanton, Blymhill, Rugeley, Abbots Bromley, aad Pipe Rid ware. EQUmFCoUBT.—No business was brought before the Equity Court on Monday. August 3, and the Primary Judge adjourned it till thatday week. Coubt or Disputed Retubns—The Court of Disputed Returns, as appointed by the House of Assembly, met on Monday, August 3. all the members being present. The Attorney-General and Mr. Ingleby appeared in support of the peti tion by Mr. John Dunn; Mr. Stow, Q-.C., and Mr. Way for the sitting member (Mr. W. Rogers); and Mr. John Cheriton on his own behalf. An ad journment was applied for, and granted on the ground that the sitting member's counsel had not had time to prepare their defence. Municipal Council.—The fortnightly meeting of the City Council was held on Monday, August 3\. Correspondence from various persons was dealt with, and reports adopted, amongst them being a special report of the whole Council respecting the level crossingat Morphett-street, the Council deter mining to give their sanction to the improvements intended to be made by the Government at the crossing if the obstruction in a line with the street, consisting of the engine-shed, is removed, the same being considered an infringement of the citizens1 rights. The Late Captain Jamieson.—The vessels in harbour on Monday wore their colours half-masted in token that a very old and respected shipmaster had "gone aloft." Avery general feeling of regret was evinced at his death, for although it had faUen to his lot to reach the 81st year, he looked as if another 10 would scarcely have altered him. A few days past, in pursuing his avocation as marine surveyor, he was embarking from the Government steps when a rope across the gangway caused him to stumble and fall into a boat, thereby breaking his collar-bone and otherwise bruising him. At first it was hoped he would get over the effects, hut subsequently they become more serious and ended fatally on Sunday morning. Captain Jamieson arrived in the colony, in command of the immigrant ship Trusty, in 1S3S, and then formed a design of returning to settle here, which was afterwards carried out by his bringing the family in the schooner Rosebud. For about 16 years his well known features have been familiar to frequenters of the Port, and his long experience as a ship master caused him to be sought as authority in nautical matters. He had been thrice married, and but a short time before his death rejoiced in the birth of his 21st child, the eldest being then quite 60 years of age. He leaves a number of chil dren and grandchildren in various parts of the colony. The Late Captain Jamieson.—We have been favoured with the following particulars relative to late Captain Jamieson, whose death, already announced, was occasioned by a fall from the steps at Port Adelaide as he was getting into a boat with several members of his family .-—"Captain Alex ander Jamieson was born in Aberdeenshire in 1788, took his first command in 1803, and for 45 years commanded vessels to nearly every part of the world—East and West Indies, China, and America, as well as the colonies. He brought out many thousands of passengers to Hobart Town, •Sydney, and Melbourne. His first voyage to this port was in 1837, in the ship Trusty; and, what is very uncommon,, during his whole voyaging he never was wrecked, scarcely ever losing a spar. He has left a large progeny, children, grandchil dren, and great-grandchildren, numbering over 70. He had many friends and few enemies. He had excellent health, and usually walked to the Port till the day he met with the accident which hastened his death." The Late Captain Jamieson.—The remains of the late Captain Jamieson, of Port Adelaide, whose decease we announcedaday or two since, were con veyed to its last resting-place on Wednesday. The funeral was very largely attended, and amongst those present we observed many of the most in fluential persons connected with the shipping in terest. Twenty-one vehicles followed the hearse to the Alberton Cemetery, when the Rev. M. H. Hodge officiated and delivered lan impressive address. Disturbing a Congregation. — Under this heading we lately referred to a fight between two soldiers, whose names we gave as furnished by themselves to the police. We now understand that the names thus given were false, there being no such man as Cunningham in the regiment, and Darra, so far as can be ascertained, not having been present on the occasion. It seems that the police are disinclined to interfere with soldiers unless in extreme cases; and in the present instance, the fight having ended before the con stable's arrival, he contented himself with asking the men their names, and received, as might have been expected, random answers. Intercolonial Rifle Match.—The shooting in the return match between 10 members of the B Company, Duke of Edinburgh's Light Dragoons, and an equal number of the Melbourne and North Melbourne Company, came off at Strathalbyn, on Saturday, August 1. on the part of the B's. The rules adopted in the first match were again observed—each to fire on their own ground with Enfield rifles in regulation state, Hythe targets, and Hythe position, and seven rounds only counted, with one trial shot at each range. It will be remembered that in the first match Strathalbyn was victorious, having a majority of 54 points, our total then being 475 against 421. This time, as will be seen from the table of scoring given below, the B Company have improved, and succeeded in bringing up their grand total to 514, or 33 in excess of their score in the first match, and making an average in the ?1 rounds of 51J less one point. The day was dull, dark, and frosty, with scarcely wind enough to blow away the smoke, yet, on the whole, it was a good day for rifle practice. The following is the score :— Yards—200 500 600 Ttl. Cornet Gollan...4334442 24 0300022 7 3233333 20 51 R S.M. Kemp ...3331324 22 342310218 2234432 20 00 T.S.M. Bishop...4231422 21 2244312 21 2342-223 IS 60 Trp. Ser. Pavy...4333343 23 0320333 14 0223322 14 51 Corp. Thomas...3332334 21 4344224 23 2323343 20 64 Corp. Rankine...3444334 25 3333233 20 4003223 14 59 PrivOW C olman 4443342 24 0330320 11 U201002 S 43 D. McLean...3331433 23 222003413 2004020 8 44 G. Rankine...4-233434 23 34402-20 15 3r20004 9 47 . E. Stark ...233:3432 20 00002r0 2 0204340 13 35 Equitable Fiee Insueance Company.—The ordinary half-yearly general meeting of the share holders in this Company was held at their office, No. 9, Hindley- street, on Monday, August 3. There was a numerous attendance, and Mr. W. Main occupied the chair. The report, which was read, stated that the profits for the half-year amounted to £864 15s. lOd.; of this amount the Directors proposed to place £190 to the reserved fund, making this fund £s-00, and to pay a dividend at the rate of 15 per cent, per annum, being Is. 6d. per share on the original shares, and 5d. per share on the new issue. The report was adopted unanimously. A vote of thanks to the Directors for their seiviees closed the meetiug. Tiie Catholic Refuge.—We are informed thai Mr. Walter Montgomery has presented the Catholic Kefuge with a donation of £5 5s. Football.—On Saturday afternoon a football match was played on the College grounds between 18 members of the North Adelaide Club and 22 of the Collegians. Play commenced shortly before 3, and was continued with much vigour till about 5 o'clock, when the Collegians succeeded in gaining the first goal, also playing successfully for two others very soon after. The Clubs now stand on an equal footing, having each gained four goals during the season. The conquering match will he played shortly. Athletic Sports.—The entries for the sports to come oil' at the next meeting of the Adelaide Amateur Athletic Club on Saturday, the 8th instant, are as followsChampion Kace, 100 yards—T. A. Price, W. Pope, Geo. Nation, E. Nicholls, S. G. Kingston, C. C. Kingston, G. S. Aldiidge, W. Holland, H. Sparks, Geo. O'Hal loran, and T. Bowen. Punning High Jump—F. A. Price, W. O'dham, G. S. Aldridge, and K. McEilister. Hurdle Eace, 120 yards—S. G. King ston, C. C. Kingston, W. S. Samson, O. Perry, and A. Malcom. Putting the Shot—W. Pope, G. Nation, A. King, E. C. Gwynue. jnn.. and A. Malcom. Flat Kace, £20 yards-G. D. Green, E. Nicholls. S. G. Kingston, C. C. Kingston, and G. O'Halloran. Three-Legged Race—Aldridge and Gwynne, Malcom and Holland, W. Samson and Milue. E. Samson and C. Kingston, and H. Perry and W. Pope. Hurdle Eace, 221 yards—S. G. Kingston, C. C. Kingston, W. S. Samson, C. Perry, and A Malcom. Hop. Step, and Jump—S. G. Kingston. W. Holland, E. McEilister, and E. Samson. Flat Race, quarter mile—G. D. Green, E. Nicholls, W. Olimam, G. S. Aldridge, A. Crooks, Geo. O'Halloran, and H. Sparks. Long Jump—W. Holland, A. Malcom. and T. Bowen. Steeplechase—S. G; Kingston, W. Oldham, W. S. Samson, G. S. Aldridge, C. Perry, and A. Malcom. Throwing Cricket Ball—B._ Nicholls, E.C. Gwysne, iun., and W. Holland. Mile Race—W. Gooch, G. Nation, W. Oldham, G. S. Aldridge. H. E. Perry, A. Crooks, and J. H. Aldridge. The events wiil take place in the above order, the Champion Bace starting at 1.30 p.m. Band of Hope MEXxi».-On "Friday meek, < She usual montlily meeting of the Pirie-sbseet • Wesleyan Hand of Hope was held in the Xesttire | Hall, when the attendance was large. The meeting was opened with singing and prayer, after which the President (the Rev. J. G* Millard) in brief but appropriate remarks introduced the business, and (tailed on Mr. James Scott, who, with Mr. Joseph Lloyd, in forcible and touching language advo cated the cause of temperauae. A little girl,. & member of the Thebarton Band of Hope, then, sang with beautiful simplicity a melody entitled' " Ain't you comiDg home, Father." The Eev. Jt Y. Simpson in a telling speech depicted some ofr the costs of intemperance, concluding with an, earnest appeal to all present to assist in checking the encroachments of this monster evil, and about 30, signed the pledge. Additions to the Botanic Gabden.—The zoological department of the Botanic Garden has received very lately an interesting addition in at splendidly marked carpet snake, measuring nearly nine feet long and three to four inches through in the thickest part of the body. This has been kindly sent to the Director (Dr. Schombnrgk) by Captain Terrel, of theBlinman Mine. The snake is not very lively at this season oi the year, and the sensation in looking at him is not particularly pleasing, although the spectator experiences a measure of satisfaction in the consciousness that he is secured. A more pleasing acquisition for the sake of rabbit fanciers is that of three silver grey specimens of this tribe, one male and two female. These rabbits are considered very rare and beautiful. The Acclimatization Society of Victo a having secured several. Dr. Schomburgk desired to possess a pair at least, but could not prevail upon the Society at first to part with any of what are believed to be the only lot in Australia. How ever, the Society wanted rock wallabies,, and thuB a barter was effected, two of which can be easily replaced, being exchanged for these lively and fine little creatures. The Dragon Japanese Tboupe at the Lunatic Asylum.—Mr. Smith having kindly offered, on behalf of the Dragon Japanese Troupe, to give an entertainment to the inmates of the Adelaide Asylum for the Insane, arrangements were immediately made for the purpose, and the performances took place on Tuesday afternoon. There were present a large number of patients and a select party of visitors, including several gentle men of the medical profession and a few ladies The programme comprised the juggling and top spinning of Gengero, the pedal balancing of Bun gero, who operated upon umbrellas, screens, and tubs, in which latter, large and small, he had the assistance of the little boy Ghe- o-kitchie. There were also Herberte, the Caoutchouc man, and the tiny acrobats, Frank and John, who went through their various feats with conside rable spirit. Ferrari was there, too, with his Brazilian monkeys, so that on the whole a bill of fare was provided which we believe has rarely been equalled at any colonial or even English Asylum. We need not criticise the performances, which have been and will continue to be from time to time noticed in our regular reports; but we may say that they were given with the same per fection as at the Theatre, and that they were as much appreciated by the poor patients as they could have been by a more intelligent band of spectators. Each marvellous act of jugglery and each dexterous exercise of manual or pedal skill drew forth an appreciative round of applause; and the gambols of the monkeys excited hearty bursts of laughter from those to whom occasional mirth is perhaps the best medicine. The visit of the good-natured foreigners was not confined to the large roem—they were shown, together with some of the Japanese females, who took no part in the entertainment, through the various wards of the Asylum, and appeared to lake great interest in all they saw; in fact, Mr. Smith assured us that the afternoon was equally agreeable to the performers as to the spectators. Lecture by the Rev. S. Knight.—On Monday evening, August 3, the Bev. S. Knight delivered a lecture on "The Anglo-Saxon Race," at the Kent Town Wesleyan Church. The Chairman was Mr. T. Rhodes. The intervals in the lecture, which was interesting and much applauded, was devoted to singing by the Sunday- school chil dren. The customary votes of thanks having been passed, the proceedings closed in the usual way. A collection was made, the proceeds of which amounted to £13 8s. Smith v. Bewes.—On Tuesday, August 4, leave was granted to Mr. Hardy, on behalf of the plain tiff, to appeal to the Privy Council. In reference to the judgment of the Court, as delivered by Mr. Justice Gwyune, we are desired to correct an error which occurred. The word Commissioner was by a misprint substituted for "Crown" in the sen tence "The Act is altogether silent as to the manner in which the lands, &c.;, shall be divested out of the Crown and become vested in the pur chaser." Supreme Court.—The Full Court sat in Banco on Tuesday, August 4. A long argument took place on the motion for a new trial in the case of Toung tv. Ashby, and judgment was reserved. Central Koad Board.—At the meeting of the Boad Board on Tuesday a large amount of routine business was transacted. The complaint in re ference to the block road, Gawler South, was satis factorily explained. Funds in Jeopardy.—Among several other offenders against the law of sobriety, fined 5s. each at the Police Court on Tuesday, was a man who ought to have paid the penalty with many thanks. The police found in his possession 201 sovereigns, also a small amount in silver, and paper money. Wreck of the Benares.—By the arrival of ELMS. Adventure from Hongkong, we (China Overland Mail) leam that the P. & O. Company's steamer Benares was wrecked on the 25th June, 12 hours after leaving Shanghai on the western most islet of the Fisherman's Group. Mails, cargo, and passengers were 6aved. The latter were taken back to Shanghai whilst the mails and cargo were forwarded on to Hongkong by the steamer United Service, which arrived there 12 hours after the departure of the mail steamer Emeu, on the 30th June. Fancy Bazvab.—On Tuesday evening, August 4, a grand fancy bazaar was held in St. Francis. XaviePs Hall. There was a large attendance, and the evening was enlivened by several selections of music on the piano by the Misses L. McCarthy, Morris, and several other young ladies. The Catholic Band was also in attendance. There was a fine assortment of articles for sale, amongst which we noticed several beautiful ottomans, chairs, fire-screens, &c.; The refreshment-stall was presided over by the Misses McCarthy and Hogan. There was another large attendance on Wednesday evening. Several selections of music were played on the piano during the evening by the Misses McEllister, L. McCarthy, and several other young ladies. As on Tuesday evening, there was a brisk sale of goods. A number of raffles were also got up, which are to be decided at the close of the bazaar. The bazaar was again j continued on Thursday evening. The Volunteer Band.—We are requested by Lieutenant-Colonel Mayo to state, in reference to a letter from Sir. Tomkinson appearing in the Register of the 6th inst., that no charge is made by the Staff Office for the services of the Volunteer Band when attending a military funeral, nor are the members of the Band entitled to draw any pay for such attendance. Application is simply made to the Lieutenant-Colonel to allow the Band to attend, and leave is accordingly granted. We have further learned that on a recent occasion, when the Band was requested to attend a military funeral, the Bandmaster stated most distinctly, in answer to an enquiry on the subject, that no charge whatever would be made for their services, and this statement was repeated still more emphatically upon payment being again offered after the ceremony was over. Subsequently, how ever, a cheque for £5 was forwarded by the officers of the 50th for distribution among the men, and was accepted in the spirit in which it was offered. The Orphan Home.—We are requested by the Ladies' Committee of the Orphan Home to state that they are desirous of publicly acknowledging Mr. Walter Montgomery's liberal donation of £50 to the funds of that Charity, and that the plea sure with which they have received this welcome contribution is greatly enhanced by the kind and courteous manner in which the gift was presented. Series of Accidents.—We have to record chapter of accidents which have occurred during the week. We are informed that Dr. Corbin, of liiverton, was thrown from his horse last Sunday, whilst on his way to Auburn in company with Dr. Harrison, ot the Adelaide Hospital. It was at first feared that he had sustained concussion of the brain; but through the care and attention of Dr. Harrison, who had conveyed him to Bivertou, the dangerous symptoms were removed.—On Thursday evening _ Mr. Samuel Dawson, of Waterloo, was proceeding home from Kapunda, when his horse fell, throwing him with con siderable violence to the ground; fortuuately no bones were broken, but we uuderstand he received asevere shaking.—On Tuesday an accident happened to Mr. Patrick Carr, a man in the employ of Mr. Adamson, of this town. The man was employed at the planing-machine, planing spokes, the machine being driven by steam. A sudden jerk of one of the pieces of wood caused Uarr's hand to slip on one of the knives, the consequence being that he ba 1 the top of one of his fingers taken clean off.—Another accident happened on Saturdav last to a Herman named Geyer, on the Greenock road, whereby his leg ws broken. From information we have received it appears that the man, who is advanced iu years, was seated on the top of a loaded dray, driven by his son, when a sudden stoppage of the horses caused him to lose his seat and to fa 1. Dr. Brack attended him, under whose care he id at present.—Kapumda Herald. M iLmaara Movements. —The Army and Navy Gazette at May 16 mentions a report that the 50th is to be readied from Australia, and replaced by the 18th Royal Irish; and further, that it IB-under stood General Chute is to have the command of the "Western District of England. It will-' be remembered that we gave the news relative to the EOth and 18th Regiments on May 26. The Govebsgrship of Western Australia.— The Duke of Buckingham, in a despatch dated May 18. has instructed Governor Hampton to propose to the: Legislative Council of Western Australia ait increase in the salary of the Governor from £1,800 to- £2,500 per annum. The Home Government will continue to pay the former amount, the extra £700 being taken from colonial funds. The reasons assigned for the increase are the progress of the colony, and the intention of the Home Government to confer a representative character upon its Legislative CounciL The latter circumstance "renders it material," says His Grace, "to secure for the future Government of the colony the services of well-qualified men as Governors."" The Perth Gazette considers it an unpleasant task for Governor Hampton to propose as increase, from which he will not himself derive any benefit. The Duke, however, gilds the pill by saying in his despatch, "The progress of the colony during your tenure of office must be very satisfactory to you, and does much credit to your administration." We have already mentioned that the new Governor is to be Sir Benjamin Cbilley Campbell Fine, Kt.—a B.A. of Cambridge—Bar rister of Lincoln's Inn, Queen's Advocate of Sierra Leone, 1819, Governor and Commander-in-Chief of the Gold Coast, 1851, Lieutenant-Governor of St. Christopher's, 1859. We hear him veiy highly spoken of by an Adelaide gentleman who knew Mm in Africa. The Immigration Fond.—The total amount to the credit of the Immigration Fund under Suther land's Act on June 30 last was £348,79115s. 8d.t instead of £3,479 15s. Id., as reported in Wed nesday's Register. Ma. Boucadt's Speech oh the Address.—In our report of Wednesday's proceedings in the House of Assembly Mr. Boucaut appears to attri bute to the Chief Justice "a little wandering beyond the law." This is an error. Mr. Boucaut attributed it to Mr. Mais. Court of Disputed Eetubhs.—The Court met on Thursday morning at 9 o'clock, and after the opening of the case by the Attorney-General, and the examination of twox or three witnesses, adjourned till Monday next. The Murray Bridge.—Our Wellington corre spondent says:—"The labours of the Murray Bridge Committee are drawing to a close. At a meeting at the East Wellington Hotel, it was mentioned that there were nearly 1,000 signatures to the memorial in favour of erecting the bridge at Wellington. This memorial is not only signed by many of the most influential settlers in the South Eastern District, but by persons in Adelaide and various partB of the colony interested in travelling stock and other traffic across the Murray. It will therefore no doubt receive due consideration. A final meeting will take place, when it will be decided by whom the memorial shall be pre sented." The Sudden Death at the Port.—Drs.Gething and Duncan on Thursday made a postmortem examination of the body of J. C. Brown, whose sudden death we noticed that morning, and it was ascertained that death had resulted from the bursting of a blood-vesseL The Coroner, deem ing an inquest unnecessary, issued the necessary warrant for the interment of the body. Accident. — On Thursday afternoon as Mr. Felgate, of ELM. Customs, was stepping ashore from the Carnaquheen with his youngest child in his arm he lost his balance, and fell into the water betwixt the ship and the quay. ' Their position for a moment was somewhat perilous, but assistance being promptly rendered, they sustained no injury beyond a drenching. Bezoabs in Fowls.—On Saturday (says our Clarendon correspondent) Mr. James Durrant noticed one of his hens drooping, and deemed it best to kill her. On opening her he found to his astonishment a number of concretions or bezoars, amounting to 24, weighing in all 12 ounces. The four largest measured Beven inches round. They are all quite round, and present a smooth polished surface of about one-eighth of an inch thicks The centre resembles a-kidney except in the colour, which is drab. Mr. F. Wood will readily Bhow them to the curious. Important Cases at Gumeracha.—The Court cases held at Gumeracha on Tuesday partook of more than ordinary local interest. In the first place the election of Mr. Conncillor F. Hannaford was declared null and void, upon information of Mr. C. Heritage and other electors, on the ground that the list of voters was not signed by the Returning Officer, and that some persons voted whose names were not in the assessment-book. The next important case was that of Mr. T. Scott, an old and highly-respected settler of this district, who was charged by Gottlieb Lindner with a criminal offence against his daughter, who had been some time previously in Mrs. Scott's employ as a domestic. It was generally considered that the charge had not the least truth in it, but had been fabricated by the informant for some un- worthy purpose. This view was fully borne out by what followed in the Court. The only witness examined was the girl, who, when put upon her oath, denied in toto the statements contained in the information, which was of course dismissed. The tables were now turned, for Mr. Scott, through his lawyer, immediately had Lindner arrested, and charged with having written threatening letters and traduced his character in order to extort money from the said Thomas Scott. The Bench con- sidered a good case made out, and accordingly committed Gottlieb Lindner to take hi trial at thes Supreme Court. Bail accepted, himself in £100 and two sureties in £70 each. A gentle admo- nition was given to George Cox, of Inglewood, that persons must not interfere with the police in the execution of their duty. It appears that Police-trooper Todd was bringing a prisoner through Inglewood with whom Cox was ac- quainted, upon which the latter interfered and incited the prisoner to resist and make his escape. The police therefore laid an information against Cox, who was fined 20s. and costs—£2 5s. in all. I am sorry to have to state that Mr. Castle, S.M., is still suffering from severe indisposition. The Bench was occupied by Mr. G. W. Bawkes, S.M., and Mr. & Banaell, JiP. Periodical Literature — No. 1 of " The Australian Christian Pioneer, devoted to Primitive Christianity," a monthly, published on August 1, has been received. The editors are Messrs. T. J. Gore and H. S. Earl, of Adelaide, with Mr. G. L. Surber, of Melbourne, as co-editor. From the prospectus we gather that the conductors state as their aim "to unflinchingly oppose all departures from the simplicity of Apostolic Christianity." The opening leader, "Our Purpose," like the prospectus and an article headed " The Name," condemns che division of the Christian Church into sects, parties, and denominations, and wages war against the use of names other than those found in the New Testament as distinguishing Christians. There are not wanting those who hold that there are "pleas for the sects," but the arguments on either side it is not our province to enter upon. Part of a report of Mr. Earl's trip to New Zealand, the last address delivered by the late Mr. P. Santo, jun, and several items of news are given, with a letter from one of the two South Australian Directors of the American Bible Union, com menting upon the recent action of the Auxiliary to the British and Foreign Bible Society, and con trasting it with the Parent Society's conduct in circulating Bibles among the "Freedmen" by means of the Bible Union. This first number bas 16 pages of reading matter, and is well arranged. The "Bible Christian Magazine," a quarterly of 24 pages, lias a sermon on "Blaspheming tbe Holy Ghost," followed by an article on "The Six Days' Creation." This subject, treated by C., a frequent contributor, believed to be an Adelaide physician, is divided into three sections—histori cal, geological, and biblical—the first being dealt with in this number, the others to follow. Short original papers on "The Want of the Church," and "Great and Precious Promises," with a goodly amount of obituary notices, extract and news matter, and a poem of Mrs. Debr.ey's— " Error"—close an interesting number of this organ, which is neatly got up by the printers, and care fully compiled by the Bev. James Way, tbe editor. The August number of "Truth and Progress" is also out. It has a sermon by the Bev. A. MacCormac, of Moonta, " Christ unveiling the future," and an article by one of the editors on "Deaconesses," in which the scripturalness of this office is contended for, and the duties are defined. A paper on " The Contrast" follows; then what is stated to be the first part of a letter under tbe title " Wesleyan Correspondence;" after which are pre sented extracts from speeches of John Bright; Baptist Noel, Spurgeon, &c.;, at recent meetings in London. European and colonial intelligence, and a brief review of a tractate on "Proselytism," nearly complete the list of contents. The " Working Man's Friend and Temperance Kecord" is the title of a very small periodical. No. 1 of which, issued at Geelong, has been sent us. Its space is almost exclusively taken up by tbe report of the proceedings in which Mr. Matthew Burnett, a well-known energetic temperance lecturer, and Mr. K. D. Bannister, also an able, and, it is under stood, a judicious advocate of that cause, took part. This periodical has a fair show of advertisements, and it is intended for gratuitous circulation; hence its size. Its opening address is written in a fair spirit, and forcible style.* Colonial Salt Company.—Some gentlemen of Moonta are intending to attempt the formation of a company for Ehe purpose of utilizingtheimmense deposits of salt to be found arouDd the Salt Lakes in the vicinity of the Hummccks. Avery fine sample of salt has been shown to us, which is of a beautiful delicate white colour, and this, it is stated, can be supplied at Adelaide under £1 per ton less than imported English salt is ordinarily sold at. The projectors of this manufacture have applied for a section of land near to the Salt Lakes, and it is their intention to erect works at Port Wakefield. The lakes are about 26 miles from the township.—Wallaroo Times. Inquest.—Oil Saturday, August 1, Mr. Xngleby, | the Coroner, held an inquest at the Adelaide Hospital on the body of William Shearer, Who died that morning. Mr. J. Bay was chosen Foreman of the Jury. W. Hickmann deposed that he was going home on Saturday evening, July 25, between 8 and 9 o'clock, when he saw a man lying in Gouger-street, near the Kaintow j Tavern. Called to a person who was passing, and i they raised the deceased in a sitting position. He and Mr. Eeegan then took him to the Hospital in a cab. J (1st before the accident a cart passed him without a driver, and was stopped by a man. Thomas Keegan corroborated the evidence of the last witness, and said the deceased never ■poke, but moaned. There was a small pool j of blood on the ground, and the deceased had a cut over'the right ear. Dr. Bees, House Surgeon at the Adelaide Hospital, deposed that the deceased was brought into Hie Hospital on the evening of July 25, suffering from an injury on the head. He became partly conscious about three days back, but was insensible again the next day, and died on the morning of the 1st August from fracture of the skull and laceration of the brain. Win. M. Grant stated that the deceased was in his employ as a storeman, and had to drive a cart. Sent him out on Saturday evening about 7 o'clock with the horse and cart, which returned about three quarters of an hour afterwards without the driver. The deceased, who was 40 years of age, was married, and very steady. WaB informed of the accident by Mr. Eeegan. The Jury returned a verdict of accidental death by being thrown from a cart. Coboneb's Inquest.—An inquest on the body of Mrs. Caroline Famham was held at Cudlee Greek, Gumeracba, on the 25th July, before Mr. John B. fiandell, J.P, as Coroner, in presence of a Jury of 13, of whom Mr. Edward Day was Fore man. Edward Banks, sworn, said—Myself and the late Mrs. Farnham went from here to Mill brook yesterday. We called at Leane's wineshop and had a glass of wine each. Then went on to Millbrook. I do not know if deceased went into a public- hou^e at Millbrook. We went from there to the Moraiog Star. The tire came loose, and whilst I was getting it mended deceased went to the inn, and Mr. Philp told me she had two nobblers of ram, and brought away with her part of a bottle of ram. \Ve came on then to Leane's .wineshop and had a glass of wine each. Deceased was intoxicated then. We then started for home. She had a drink ont of the bottle of ram on the way. She then leaned over, and I put her head on my knees. At the slip-panel I had to get down. I laid deceased's head down. I thought she was asleep. We came home about 7 p.m. Deceased spoke on the way. I have often brought her home in a similar state. A boy supplied the wine at Leane's. Mori 11a Farnham, sworn—Deceased was my mother. She and Banks came home last night about 7 p.m. After Banks took the horse out ne went to bring deceased in. He spoke to her, and asked her if she was asleep, but obtained no answer. He then lifted her up in the cart. Father said, "I think she is dead." Banks said, "No, she cannot be dead." I went out with the candle andlookedather. I said, "I think she is dead, her face is dark." Banks and father then brought her in and laid her in the bed as she is now. Banks was quite sober when he came home. My mother has often came home before intoxicated. Two or three other witnesses confirmed the above state ments. Dr. Carl Bosch, of Teatree Gully, sworn— I am a legally qualified practitioner. I have examined the body of deceased and can find no marks of violence thereon. The cause of death was congestion of blood to the heart brought on by intoxication. The Jury then retired, and in a few minutes agreed to the following verdict:—"That the deceased came to her death owing to conges tion of blocd to the heart brought on by intoxica tion."— Correspondent. Burnt so Death.—An inquest was held on Saturday, the 25th ultimo, before Mr. J. B. Shep herdson, S.M., on the body of a little girl named Catherine Scoble, who had been accidentally burnt to death on the Friday. Mr. Benjamin Betts was chosen Foreman, and the following evidence was adduced:—Ann Scoble—Yesterday morning; at about 11, I was out in the garden. Heard a scream. Looked , up, and heara another scream. I ran away in the direction of the screams, and saw my sister, Catherine Scoble, in flames, about 200' yards from the garden. She was in the scrub. 1 caught her, and did all 1 could to extinguish the flames. Mother then came, and I ran to call father. When I came back she was on the ground. All her things were hurut. When I first got up to her the skirts of all her clothes were burnt off—everything except what was tightly round her waist. We brought her home, put pil lows round her, and sent for Dr. Peel. My younger sisters, Elizabeth and Mary Ann, were with her. Lizzy was running after her, trying to beat the flames off her with a bush. Lizzy's fingers were bumed. I heard her screams before I saw the flames. The doctor was here about two hours after it happened, and she died about an hour after the doctor left. Elizabeth Scoble—I was with Catherine yesterday. We were putting wood on the fire lighted by my brother on the section. My sister Catherine was potting wood on when her clothes caught fire. She was not looking at the fire. I did not see her clothes on fire till she ran away. 1 ran after her with a bush trying to beat it out. She. did not scream till she got in the scrub. She was running when my sister Ann came up.. My little bister Mary Ann was there. John Bichard Peel, medical practitioner at Kadina, said—I was called yesterday to see the little girl that was burnt. Found her fearfully bumed and scorched all over her body, except her feet, which had been protected by her boots, and part of her face. Her death was the result of the shock to the system, consequent upon the burning. The Coroner having summed up, the Jury imme diately brought in a verdict of "Death from accidental burning."—Wallaroo Times. The Outrage at Franklin Harbour.—The Franklin Harbour correspondent of the Wallaroo Times, writing under date of July 24, says:—"A serious outrage has been committed here on a Vhite woman, the wife of a shepherd of the name of Swansbury, and who is in the employment of Dr. McEechnie. It would appear that on the after noon of Thursday, the 16th July, a solitary black fellow came to the hut of Mrs. Swansbury, who was alone, with the exception of her only child, about 18 months old, and demanded flour, &c.;, as is usually done in such cases. Upon the poor woman refusing to comply with Ms demands, he became quite irritable, and after waiting about two hours, suddenly went in and speared her whilst sitting in the hut. Mrs. Swansbuiy succeeded in pulling the spear out (not a barbed one), but still the scoundrel remained at the door, and came to kill her with Ms waddy. Upon seeing him Mrs. Swansbury took hold of a gun wMch fortunately lay in the hut, and the wretch seeing this determined act upon the part of the woman, at once decamped from the place. If Mis. Swansbury had not had the presence of mind to lay hold of the gun, there can be little doubt but the scoundrel would have proceeded still further in Ms violence, and probably murdered her right out. Nothing was known of the crime until the husband returned in the evening with his flock; and most fortunately the overseer (Mr. McEenzie) having also arrived about the same time, he proved of much service. As soon thereafter as he could conveniently leave he started for the head station ( iearly 20 miles), and gave information of the sad occurrence. The following morning early Dr. McEechnie and others, accompanied by Police-trooper Briggs. who had luckily come up a few days previously from Port Lincoln on a patrolling excursion, with a black tracker, proceeded on at once to Swans bury *s hut. Upon the party's arrival Dr. McEech nie found the poor woman, as might naturally be expected, to be suffering most severely from the wounr). She was dangerously wounded, and grave doubts are entertained as to her recover v. All that could possibly be done for her under her trying condition has been done, and it is to he hoped ithat she may yet recover. During the interval Trooper Briggs and his tracker were not idle, looking for and finding the footprints of a single native near to the hut, and in the neigh bourhood. The tracks were at once pronounced by the black to be those of Nepiltee, a native of this district, well known for Ms thieving pro pensities. About six years ago he suffered 12 months1 imprisonment in Adelaide for various robberies committed by him, and ever since his return he has been living pretty much after the same style as formerly. If his incarceration in Adelaide had any beneficial effect upon him, it is now quite evident that he has long since com pletely forgotten it. Trooper Briggs with some assistants are using their best endeavours to have the scoundrel captured, and it is to be sincerely hoped that their exertions may prove successful.— fwe are further informed by Mr. Davidson, who brought to us the letter conveying the intelligence of the murderous outrage, that Mrs. Swansbury was enceinte at the time she was attacked. On the following day she was confined with a dead child, seven months old, through the thigh of wbich the spear had penetrated. Mr. Davids; n left the har bour on Monday, July 27, and she was going on as favourably as could be expected; but the scoundrel who was supposed to have speared her was still at large.—Ed. W. T.J Distressing Cahmity.—The following case appears in the Bafkurst Times of Saturday:— " About sis weeks ago a journeyman baker, em ployed on the Western Railway works, lost himself in the bosh, and, after travelling several days without food, and undergoing very severe suff-r ings, at length reached a habitation, and was carried in a thorough state of exhaustion to his friends. It appears that during his absence a girl named Shepherd had gone to stay with and con sole h>B wife; but the distress, anxiety, and anguish of the poor woman unnerved the girl herself, so that, when the lost man returned, the strain that her mind had endured proved too much, and she lost her reasnn completely. The girl has parents living in the locality, and acting upon advice they took her this week to the asylum at Tarhan Creek, where the hope was held oat to them that she might in a month or so be restored to her senses." So Lawyer "Wanted.—The Wallaroo Times publishes the following:—"We believe we are correct in stating that Mr. Tardy, barrister-at-Iaw, who has been staying at Wallaroo for the last three weeks, is so disgusted with the aversion the inhabitants of the mining townships show to liti gation, that he has taken his passage for Adelaide in the Kangaroo steamer, which leaves port this day. He finds that the times are really so bad on the Peninsula people cannot even affgfjj, the tunny of going to law. Oh J fflfceratt/" Pobt Adelaide Battery Artillery.—The Port battery of volunteer artillery assembled at the Gunshed on Saturday, August L, for the usual bimonthly parade. In the absence of Captain Quin Lieut. Edmunds assumed command, and marched the battery to Buck's Flat, Lefevre's Peninsula, and exercised it In a variety of marching movements by fours, and also in skeleton drill. There was a very fair muster, and on this occasion the band, which has recently been formed in con nection with the battery, turned out for the first time, its number being augmented by some members of the city band, and headed the battery on its way to and from the parade-ground, per forming a number of lively marches in a very | creditable manner, and attracting a large concourse of spectators. The band is under the | iustruction and leadership of Mr. Lillywhite, Drum-Major of the band attached to the town battery, of which it forms a portion, so that when the batteries meet a strong band will be formed. Much credit is due to the instructor and to the members for the state of proficiency which the band has arrived at during the short time the in struments have been provided, and with a few months' practice the Artillery Band will be but little if at all inferior to any band in the colony. The New Whitworth Gums.—On Saturday, August J, a battery of the Adelaide Artillery Com pany, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Mathews, assisted by Captain Claxton and Lieute nant Fiveash, proceeded to Glenelg for the purpose of trying one of the hew Whitworth field-pieces, received a few months ago from England as an instalment of our defence armament. There were also present on the ground His Excellency Lieute nant-Colonel Hamley, the Chief Secretary (Mr. Ayers), and Captain Quinn (Port Artillery). The spot chosen from which the firing was to take place was the end of the road just at the commencement of the sea-wall, the target; or flag which served the purpose of target, being fixed by means of a float I ing platform in the sea in the direction of the ! Semaphore. Colonel Bigg6 exercised a general I superintendence over the firing. We may state, although descriptions have already been given in the English papers, that the Whitworthguniscomposed of homogeneous steel with hexagonal bore, the angles being rounded. Those now at the Armoury are three 12-pounders for ordinary field practice, and one of much lighter construction, carrying only a two- pound projectile. It was one of the former size which was used on this occasion. The shot is of a conical form, with grooves to correspond with the muzzle. The shell is similar in appearance, though rather longer, with an aperture at the point, in which the fuse is inserted. This is enclosed within a wooden plug, and when propelled from the gun lights by detonation, the time of bursting being regulated by the plug being pierced at certain points according to the length ef range. The propelling charge is one and a half pounds of powder, the bursting charge six ounces The appliances for aiming are trunnion sights with a tangent scale ranging from 1* to 10° in elevation, with means of allowing for deflection aud windage when necessary. The weather on Saturday was very favourable, for although there was a slight breeze during the morning, towards the latter part of the day it had almost entirely died away. The firing commenced with solid shot at a distance of 1,000 yards, (and all the projectiles appeared to drop within a small radius of the target. The shell, at the same range, scattered frag ments all around it, the elevation being from 2° 5' to 2° T. At the 2,010 yards range, with an elevation of 4* 54' to 4° 55% the results were almost equally good. In most instances the shots struck the water from 15 to 30 yards over tue target, in others 50 or 100. The greatest precision attained was with the shells, two of which were Ecored as bursting within half a yard of the mark. By way of experiment one shell was fired at an elevation of 10 degrees, the fuse being pierced at the furthest end, by which it was reckoned to burst at 3,500 yards. The bursting, which occurred exactly 10 seconds after the discharge, was clearly visible to the naked eye, being marked by a small cloud of smoke several degrees above the horizon. On the whole the shooting was considered by all present to ! be exceedingly satisfactory, in view of the fact that1 the men had no previous practice with the weapon. Only two of the shells went into the water without j bursting. One, from some reason not accounted ! for, exploded at the mouth of the gun, and the fragments were scattered a few hundred yards ahead. The range of the guns extends to abont three miles or three miles and a half; and whatever might be the effect at that distance, there is little doubt that had there been an ordinary-sized vessel where the target was on Saturday it would have been prettF severely punished. His Excellency, who left before the practice concluded, com plimented Lieut.-Colonel Mathews on the excel lence of the scoring. We subjoin the following particulars of the firing at each range with the i shot and shell practice given separately :— Shot Practice—1,600 Yards. Ele- fwj'on Yds. Feet Feet ration. right?' over- left- right Col. Biggs 2° 6' 4' 30 6 — Lt.-Colf Matthews... " "100 — 6 CoL Hamley " " " — 10 Hon. H. Ayers ... 2° 5' " 40 8 — Oapt. Quin " " 150 — 6 2,000 Yards Range. Left. CoL Biegs 4* 58' 5' 50 — — CoL Hamley " 7' 100 — — Capt, Quin 4" 57' S' 100 — — Gunner Nottage ... 4" 55' Hi' 30 10 — Teakle " Iff 20 — 10 May " 11' 20 — 10 CoL Biggs " 12' 20 20 — Lt.-Col. MatthewB... " 1L' 15 — 20 Lieut. Fiveash ... 4*54' 10' 30 — — Capt. Claxton 4°3ff " 20 — — Shell Practice—1,000 Yards. I3e. Shell burst. atiomflection- Yds- Yds- ,bSj right, left, short, over, plane. Capt. Claxton... 2° 7 a' — — — 10 Lt. Fiveash ... " " — — 20 40 CoL Hamley... " " — — 100 8 LtCL-Matthews " " — — 150 30 2,000 Yards Range. Capt. Claxton... 4*57' 10 — 20 60 i — 15 — * 30 — 60 30 — 60 20 — 10 30 — — 30 — — 29 200 — Lt. Fiveash Lt-CLMatthews 4° 55' Ser.-Maj. Bigga " Sergt. Laurancs " CorpL Moody... " Capt. Quin ... 4° 56' Guonr.Stibbles 4° 55' Emery ... " Carson ... " *£urst at mouth of gun. Lauds 1'lTLBfe Office.—The following is a com parative statement of transactions in the Lands Titles Office dunng the months of July, 1867 and 1868:— Applications Transfers Mortgages Leases Transfers of mortgages Discharges Powers of attorney ... Caveats... Transfers of leases ... Surrenders of leases ... Declarations of trusts... Licences Transmissions Withdrawals of caveats Writs Orders of Court Certificates of death ... Certificates of marriage Lis pendens Change of Trustees ... 1867. 1868. 83 71 15S 159 183 202 35 38 7 23 89 108 2 2 12 7 3 8 4 1 4 2 2 3 /? 12 0 1 — 3 — 1 — 1 Totals ... 593 638 Fees of office £57618s. 6d. £591 lis. TOd. Value of land brought under Act £47,532 £69,£8S Mobbay News.—Our Blanchetown correspon dent, writing on July 31, says:—"The Lady Daly arrived here on Saturday after under going a thorough overhaul at Goolwa This fine boat, called by the Echuca people 'the Queen of the Murray fleet,' sailed from here on Monday for Albury. She shipped from this port agricultural machinery valued at over £1,000, consisting of nine reaping- machines and cases of machinery consigned to German colonists who have migrated to Albury. The Prince Alfred passed down yesterday with the Vesta in tow, the latter vessel having broken her crank." Wheal Coglin Mining and Smelting Com pant, Limited.—The annual general meeting of the above Company was held at the Company's office, Register-chambers, on Friday, July 31. The Directors' report and balance-sheet were passed. Mr. W. FT. Charnock was elected Director in place of Mr. C. S. Hulls, who retired in his favour. A resolution was passed, empowering the Directors to make a call of Is. 6d. per share at once, and another call of a similar amount, if necessary, at a period of not less than one month. The captain's report spoke favourably of the prospects of the mine so soon as the shafts now sunk can be connected with the existing workings, by which means quantities of ore now in 6ight will be raised with facility. A shareholder (Mr. Magor) who had recently visited the mine congratulated the shareholders on the appearance of the mine, which was looking better when he saw it on Friday last than it had for the last t ight months. The usual votes of thanks concluded the meeting.' Tigeb Cat.—The Glen Innes correspondent of the Armidale Express writes that a sporting gentleman on his travels near Strathbogie killed a monster tiger cat, after a most severe encounter and exciting battle, having no weapons but stones. The cat measured, from the tip of the nose to the end cf the tail, about four feet. From the descrip tion given to us the chase and battle must have been very amusing. He could not remove the animal or its skiD, as the necessary implements for skinnirg were wanting, and no traveller would willingly carry such a monster as the brute was described to us oh his horse for some 12 or 15 JDllH. Thh Governorship of South Australia.— It is stated on the best authority that Ur. Pope Hennessy is not to be Governor of South Aus tralia. Mr. Eyre is spoken of, but nothing is definitely settled. Vital Statistics.—The number of births and deaths registered in the District of Adelaide during the week ended Saturday, the 1st of August, were:—Births, 37 males, 25 females; deaths, 11 males, 12 females. Total—62 births, 23 deaths, Excess of births, 39. The Liedertafel Opera.—The entertainment given in White's Booms on Wednesday night was an event in the history of the Liedertafei and of Germano- Australians. We would not exaggerate in adding that it was an event in the musical history of the colony. We have had amateur concerts in abundance and amateur oratorios, but this, we believe, is the first amateur opera ever given in Adelaide. As far as its performance was concerned it might have been the thousand and first. From the stage management to the prima donna there was nothing which would not have deserved hearty praise even in professionals. We have had far worse scenery and worse dressing at the Royal than was shown in the "Mordgrund bruck vei Dresden." The stage was neatly arranged, something after the manner of Mrs. Case or the Gourlays. The room was crowded to the door, and the large proportion of ladies gave it a gayer appearance than crowds generally have. The public will not of course suppose that the Liedertafei have been so audacious as to tackle a chef d"<euvre of Weber or Mozart. They have begun with Julius Otto, a less exacting composer, though perhaps as popular in his own line. The " Mordgrundbruck of Dresden" is not quite classic, but it is uncommonly funny. It is a burletta rather than an opera—a German edition of " Vilikins and liis Dinah" set to music. The cast is not extensive, comprising only half-a-dozen characters. There is Kunibert of Draekenfeis. a knight of the Lager beer order— very romantic in his cups. He has a daughter, Amalgunde, who in the first act makes a tremen dous Romeo and Juliet scene with Edward, the page of Kunibert. Sassafrass is a knight of the Robin Hood order, vulgarly called a Robber Chief, in league with Mephistophile3 for the purpose of spoiling poor Edward's courtship. There is a chorus to aid the development of the plot, which has occasionally to be supplemented by an inter jectional narrative. The burlesque itself is tho roughly Teutonic, mixing up beer and sauerkraut with murder and suicide in the most ludicrous fashion. On this occasion it was in every respect well rendered. The lady had the advantage of a fine male falsetto, Edward was represented by a well-known tenor, Sassafrass by a good baritone, and Kunibert by an excellent buffo. All these principal parts were not only well sung, but well acted, and the accessories were complete, to the lighting up of a canvas moon for the final tragedy. This consisted in Edward and Sassafras killing each other in presence of Amalgunde, who forthwith dies of grief. Enter Kunibert with more beer than he can carry comfortably. When he recognises his heart-broken child his legs give way, and he falls by her side. The two servants follow, and com plete the tragedy by falling on their swords. Grand finale, consisting of six "corpuses" and a witches' chorus. Having said that everything was good it is unnecessary to add that the applause was warm and the encores frequent. The orchestra was ably conducted by Mr. Riittmann, and the whole affair was such a success as to ensure repetition. A ball followed the opera, in which its tragic effects were no doubt speedily forgotten. The Rev. John Gardner —From the report of the proceedings at the quarterly meeting of the Presbytery of the Presbyterian Church of South Australia, held on the 4th inst., it appears that the Rev. John Gardner, of Chalmers Church, has been invited to the charge of St. Andrew's, Launceston. Military Funebal. — On Tuesday morning, August 4, George Linge, a private of the 50th Regiment, died of apoplexy. The deceased, who was 32 years of age, had been nearly 11 years in the service, having enlisted when about 22 years of age. The funeral took place on Wednesday afternoon, when his remains were followed to the West-terrace Cemetery by 120 of his fellow-soldiers, under the command of Captain Fyler and Ensign Conaidine. The usual three volleys of blank cartridge were fired over the grave after the coffin had been lowered into it. Sodden Death.—A man named John Charles Brown died very suddenly at Denmau's boarding house, Port Adelaide, on Wednesday. He had been suffering from an affection, of the throat, for which Dr. Gething had been (prescribing, but his illness was not such as to confine him to the house nor to cause any apprehension of danger. It was i whilst at the dinner-table that his nose commenced to bleed, in consequence of which he left the room, and in a few moments fell down and expired. The deceased was a seafaring man, but had been for some time connected with a gang of iumpers at the Port. River News.—Out Wentworth letter of August 2 says:—"The Moolgewanke and Pride of the Murray were to leave Wentworth on August 3— the former for Goolwa and the latter for Echuca. The Murray is rising at Wentworth and Euston. Letters received last night from Bourke say there is no rise in the Darling at that place, consequently no steamers will be able to go up with the shearing supplies now required by the various stations. Teams gone up with loading are getting bogged in consequence of the late rains having so thoroughly saturated the roads." Supreme Court.—The Full Court was occupied ou Wednesday, August 5, in hearing an argument which was opened by Mr. Stow, Q.C., on the previous day in the case of Hutton v. Hill and Another, arising out of a contract iu connection with the Railway Goods Department. The defen dants on demurrer raised objections to the claim on the ground that the Commissioner of Public Works had no power to sue in the name of his Secretary, and also that the contract itself was not authorized by the Railways Act. Judgment was reserved. Accident.—A correspondent says:—"A rather serious accident occurred to Mr. Thomas Roberts, of Kookina, Blytb's Plains, on Saturday last, a loaded dray passing over his foot, and severely injuring several toes. Under the able treatment ' of Dr. Bain, of Clare, he appears at present doing ! well." A Municipal Interference.—With reference to the paragraph thus headed in last week's Observer, the gentleman who was requested to join in building a party wall assures us that there was no " sharp practice" on his part. He writes:—"The facts are these. My neighbour being about to sink a cellar and build adjoining my premises wished me to join him in a party wall. It did not suit me to do so, and I declined. I also sent a notice through my solicitor, requiring him to be aware of injuring my property. That is all, except that he sent the City Surveyor to me for some purpose known to himself; in consequence of which I had my wall examined by a builder of experience, who pronounced it good enough and perfectly safe— unless it was undermined—in which case no wall would stand." Negro Journalism in America —The Elevator, published at Sau Francisco, is edited by a coloured man, and circulates 2,3:«/ copies. The, Pacific Appeal is published by coloured men. The New Orleans Tribune, published daily and weekly, is managed and edited by men of colour, and circulates about lO.tiOd of each issue. The True Communicator, recently suspended, but to be revived, was published at Baltimore, and had for its editor George T. Cook, a coloured man. Eton's Standard and Weekly Review, published at Hew York, edited by William Howard Day (coloured), circulates 4,01)0 copies, has all its literary and mechanical work done by coloured people. The Chris'ian Recorder, Philadelphia, published by the African Methodist Episcopal Ohurcli, and edited by Rev. James Lynch, a man of colour, circulates 5,000. The People's Journal, Brooklyn, edited and m inted bv a coloured man, circulates 2,000, and The Preedmans Torchlight, are both published by the African Colonization Society. The Coloured Citizen, issued at Cincinnati, Ohio, circulates 2,400 copies, and is under the entire control of coloured men.—Trubnef s Record. The Spirtt and the Flesh.—The fol lowing story was told by Dr. Wiliiam Arnot, at a soiree in Sir 13. W. MoncreifTs Church, in Edin burgh :—" Dr. Mscleod and Dr. Watson were in the West Higlilands together, on a tour, ere leaving for India. While crossing a loch in a boat, in company with a number of passengers, a storm came on. One of the passengers was heard to say, "The twa ministers should begin to pray, or we'll a' bedrooned." 'Ha, na,' said the boatman, "the little ane ca- pray if he likes, but the big ane maun tak' an oar.' " The Maine Liquor Law.—The philan thropic persons who desire to introduce tne provi sions of the Maine Liquor Law into England will be much cast down in spirit at the result of the experiment in Boston. The traffic in liquor was forbidden for some months, and even in hotels it was not possible to get anything but water and tea to drink except in private rooms. The result was an amount of lying, trickery, and secret drinking such as have seldom been known. "Clubs'" were opened, and members paid a stipulated sum a week for the right of admission, each carrying a private key. When moved to take a drink, he let himself in, took down a bottle of whisky from the shelf, drank his portion, and walked off without a word being said on either side. This was not selling liquor, and so the law was evaded. When whisky was forbidden by a solemn enactment it made thirsty souls doubly eager to drink it, and they found out the ways and means. Now. as the English Consul at Boston reports, the law has been rescinded. It threatened to ruin the Republican party, which was responsible for it; for even in America, where the strangest liberties can be taken with the freedom of personal action, the working-classes do not view with patience an attempt to rob them of their beer, or that which is to them as beer. Our Consul wonders that such despotic proceedings should ever have been allowed in a free country, and yet he has been in America some years, and must have been an eye witness of many curious circumstances. 1 