THE GRANTS IN AID. Among tlie "murdered innocents" winch were lost sight of during the crisis there was a motion of Mr. Strangways regarding the grants in aid. Mr. Reynolds had in his Estimates proposed to cut them down one half—from 100 per cent, to 50 per cent.—and in his Budget speech he had threateningly intimated that this was to be only the beginning of abolition. Emboldened by the absence of letters from the farmers, the late Government were rather pluming themselves on their policy of retrenchment at the farmer's expense. But they might have been speedily undeceived had not their land scheme put an end to all their Ministerial anxieties. The motion above alluded to was down for the Wednesday after the land debate, and a quarrel between the House and the Govern ment upon it was almost inevitable. Its object was to have an address presented to His Excellency, praying him to recommend that "provision be made on the Estimates for the year 1869, for the purpose of pro viding, to an extent not exceeding 100 per cent., in aid of rates collected under the District Council assessments for 1868-9, and Corporation assessments for 1869; and of private subscriptions expended for the con struction and repair of roads, streets, bridges, and jetties, less any amounts re coverable as moiety of the cost of police protection as shown on the Estimates." This resolution would have opened up the whole question of grants in aid, and ex torted from the Assembly an authori tative permanent expression of opinion upon them. The then Government would have been bound to oppose it on pain of having to throw overboard Mr. Reynolds and his Budget speech. But even a Ministry has the human privilege of not being capable of dying twice. When it gave up the ghost on the land- question Mr. Strangways had to withdraw his motion and wait for the advent of a new Treasurer. It was perfectly understood that he intended to reintroduce it, and having put his hand to the plough he is not the man to turn back. Next after the land question—that may seem rather vague chronology, but it is the best we can find in the prevailing chaos of politics—will come up the now important subject of grants in aid. From an accident or a whim of some former Parliament, it has grown into a vital element in our financial policy. No decision which the Assembly can form regarding it can avoid seriously affecting one part or other of our adminis trative organization. If tliey agree to its reduction the local governments will he both weakened and discouraged. If they insist on its being continued the central Treasury will have to look elsewhere for relief from its embarrassments. The subject is not to be slurred over like a vote for a bridge or a grant to a country Institute. It has very comprehensive bearings, and may he prolific of future consequences. No one, therefore, who has estimated its significance can doubt but Mr. Strangways wiil reintroduce his motion, and do so with the warmest sympathy of the House. It is also possible that when the debate comes on Mr. Glyde will have no want of letters from the farmers to lament. Some of their political pioneers are already stirring them up. A circular has been issued by the Association of District Chairmen, calling a meeting for Tuesday next to consider, inter alia, " what steps should be taken with refe rence to the proposal of the late Government to reduce the usual grant in aid of rates to 50 per cent, upon rates spent on roads, streets, bridges, and jetties." This Asso ciation has but to give the mot tFordre, aud all the ratepayers in sixty districts will be prepared to face Mr. Glyde in any guise he may prefer—as newspaper corresjionuents, stamp orators, or members of deputations. Time, place, and circumstances are favourable. Let the farmers be distinctly informed that in the course of two, three, or four weeks this question must be discussed and decided; then the Assembly will not have long to wait for an unmistakable response. At this early stage of the movement it will suffice to state the grounds of discussion as they appear to be shaping themselves out. The theory of the late Ministry, as enunciated by Mr. Reynolds, was that the grants in aid were a subsidy paid by the Central Government from motives of pure benevolence. Had Mr. Reynolds been in a cynical mood when he spoke he might have gone the length of calling them a sop to local industry. He tacitly argued that, as they originated in days of surpluses, they should be knocked off on the first appearance of deficits. The other theory, which has always had our support, regards grants in aid simply as a form of expenditure on public works—a means of distributing the taxation of the colony. For two institutions, which are equally supported by the public, and with a common object, to talk of charity to each other is waste of words, and worse— it is needlessly confusing. Every Treasurer who takes office is expected to show, even in the worst of times, a considerable surplus after defraying the cost of establishments. "With this he has to form a public works fund, to be distributed among the various bodies responsible for that branch of expendi ture. The Central Road Board ana the Engiueer-m-Chief carry off the lion's share between them. The Colonial Architect, the Local Road Boards, the Municipalities, and the District Councils are allowed to pick up the crumbs from the rich man's table. Some rather big crumbs having fallen to them of late, starvation is now recommended as a cure for overfeeding. That is Mr. Reynolds' logic. We dispute the charitable assumption hi tofo. The enormous votes [passed to the Central Road Board may as properly he called charity as the grants in aid. They differ only in being expended on different sets of roads, streets, and bridges. The only distinction between them which can have the slightest value for the public depends on which is more judiciously and economically expended. The taxpayers them selves have a strong preference for local ad ministration when they can obtain it, and there must he some foundation for such a feeling. The question of relative economy cannot be reduced to figures, because the terms of comparison are unequal. The Central lload Board spends fully twice as much money as all the Municipalities and District Councils put together. The pro portion of its working expenses may there fore seem small beside the other; but it also yields a much smaller return than they do. The supervision of the Central Boad Board is practically limited to five Surveyors and as many assistants, who have more than four hundred miles of road under their charge. But the Municipalities and District Councils give us seventy dis tinct centres of supervision, with a staff of supervisors at each. Then the duties of the Central Boad Board are special; they are defined and restricted by the fences with which main roads are enclosed. But Muni cipalities and District Councils have a general jurisdiction on both sides of the fence. They govern the local taxpayers as well as super intend local improvements. If these considerations he duly estimated the comparison we are about to institute will appear very favourable to the principle of local aduiiuistration. In 1 S(>7 the Central Road Board expended £175,000, of which very nearly £7,000 represented cost of management. The proportion of the one to the other was folly 4 per cent. The Local Board at Mount Gambier Laid out under £35,000 on a working expenditure of £1,958; proportion, 0 per cent. The Local Board at Port Augusta allotted £385 to management and £2,599 to roads; proportion, 15 per cent. In the same year the sixty-two District Councils expended over fifty thousand pounds \--.£7,738 for cost of management and £45,436 for public works ; proportion, 17 per cent. The total expenditure of the seven Municipalities was about the same; but the cost of management here was only £5,358, and the outlay on public works £45,444; proportion, 11 per cent. Centrali zation charges from 4 to 15 per cent, for roadmaking alone ; localization supplies go vernment and roadmaking together lor from 11 to 17 per cent, of its reproductive expen diture. " The amount allotted by Mr. Reynolds for the public works of 1869 was about £163,099 —fully a fifth (£37,<M)0) for buildings, and rather less than four- fifths (£126,000) for roads, bridges, jetties, &c.; Of the latter sum a clear hundred thousand was appro priated to the Road Boards, and twenty thousand to the local governments, but from this will have to be deducted police-money. The corresponding appro priation in the Estimates for 1868 was thirty-eight thousand pounds. What Parliament and the public have to decide is if this be the best distribution of our public works expenditure. Deficits and surpluses in the ordinary revenue need not enter directly into the comparison, which lies rather between the local and central administrations than between the temporary fluctuations of the Treasury. If the grant in aid be a sound principle it should be maintained in adversity as wefi as in prosperity. If it be unsound it should not be maintained at all. Our own faith in it is too strong for us to witness with patience the assumption that it is dependent on the caprice of the Treasurer for the time being. 