THE. APRIL PERIODICALS. I [From Smith and Eliltr't Monthly Circular.) Tho FonraiaiiTW REVIEW opons with a poworfal paper by Ibo late editor, Mr. G. H. Lewes, defending Mr. Darwin's hypotheses. Mr. Frederic Harrison contributes a very vigorous article on "Tho Transit of Power." He says: " Tho grand commercial and colonial development of tho last century, tho Indian empire, tho tremendous duel with tho French revolu- tion, tho great Liberal policy, which culminated in free trade, were not carried out by an executive mob, Practically, tho governing class, a true aristocracy, possessed tho entire control over Parliament and tho executive machine. Tho Government, accordingly, was really and essentially an aristocracy, not in itself tho highest type of government, as this was far from being tho purest type of an aristocracy, but still a form of government quite capable of ruling a great country's destinies with some initiation and somo vigour, and, if with no great foresight, at least with- out collapse.' The change is to this-"England is now hardly on aristocracy, except socially and for purposes of resistance. Politically, tho governing class hold office, but they do not rule. What they did to tho monarchy has been done to them. They reign, but do not govern, They can prevent anything being done, but they cannot do anything." Mr. Harrison points out very clearly that tho work of Parliamentary government has been as yet mainly destructive—tho removal of feudal abuses, tho redress of sanguinary and effete laws, tho conduct of commer- cial wars, the abolition of slavery, intolerance, and protection, and other works of a negative kind. We have now to face tho constructive problems of govern- ment- what is to be done with great pauper popula- tions, how to house tho crowded poor, sanitary questions, national education, &c.; ? We shall want not only statesmen to do those things, but they will want power to back them." Mr. Harrison maintains that it will not only be a transit of power, but a growth of power-tho new electors will take up some subjects with real enthusiasm. Tho articlo contains soinc.romarkablo eujgrstlons aa io changea in our sys- tem of government. Mr. Edward A. Frcou buios a thorp criticism on Mr. Pearson's " History of England during the Early and Middle Anon." Thoro ia a very thoughtful paper on tho origin and character of tho Ilomorio Poems by G. W. Cox. Tho fifth diopter " from a forthcoming work on labour" is on tho ways and moans of trades' unions. Mr W. T. Thornton writes with thorough knowledge of his sub- ject, nad without any apparent bids. Mr. Waller ßogühot, ofter bia long illness, givca us his socond paper on " Phjsics and Polit cs." Ho deals this timo with tho ago of conti iot, and points out how war nourishes tho preliminary virtues. Liko all tho writ- ing» of Mr. Bagohot, tho article is worthy of a tcntiTo study. There aro tho usual critical notices, and thu continuation of Mr. Trollopo's story. Tho most interesting articlo ia tho BRITISH QUAB T£iu.Y REVIEW is on a groat Russian writer and story teller, "Nicholas Gogol;" ho appears to havo given most vivid and accurate pictures of Russian lifo. Thore aro articles on " Nonconformists and National Education," "Intercommunion of Churches," and " Tho Irish Church Question," all treated from tho Liberal dissenter's point of view. An articlo on " Our Peor Law Administration" closes with tho summary of tho points ef a echomo for poor law amondmont; thoy aro worthy of careful attontion, Tho number also contains a very readable eketch of " .Michael Faraday." Tho April number of tho CoNTBjrroriABY REVIEW ia ono of tho mest interesting wo can remember to havo aeon. It opens with tho reply of the Rev. J. B. Mozloy to Professor Tyndall on tho eubjcot of mirados. Profossor Chottham contributes a paper ' on " Tho Arthurian Legi nds in Tonnyaon." Ho givea an outlino of tho legendary talos as handed down in Malory's proso romance, and makos tho apt observation, that " tho contrast between tho older and tho nower form of tho stories ia something* lika that botweon a modlroval illumination and a llnishod ploturo by Mr. Millara or Mr. Holman Runt: tho miniatures in on old manuicript havo often groat beauty and oxpros sivonoss, but tho bloodies figures aro dovoid of lifo, and tho surroundings aro purely conventional ; tho touch of tho inodora painter gi voa lifo and movemont to tho stiff forms. 80 it ia in Mr. Tennyson's pictures of tho Arthurian heroes." Ho thinkB we ought not to feol disappointed, but should rather bo glad that the poot has not attempted an Arthurian opie of tho genuino Virgilian stamp. Tho noxt paper ia on an occlosiostical Bubject, " Tho Congo d'Eliïo." It is followed by articles on tho music of " Gluck and Haydn,", on "Recent Historios of Early Romo," con- tributed by Professor Rawlinson, and on tho " Middlo Schools Commission Report." A socond paper on " Tho London Press" is occupied with tho merits of tho PALL MAIX GAZBTTE, in which tho character and in Duenco of that journal aro vory fairly stated. At any rate, not much fault can ba found with tho conotuding Sarogrunb:-"Woshould call thopolitica ot tho PALI. IALL GAZETTE a guardod Liberalism, which occasion- ally shades away into Bonthamized Conservatism. Tlío characteristic of its deliberate social criticism wo should call a strong humanity, with good society toler- ance. Tho genius of its literary department is, on tho whole, Addisonlan, though modern. The gonoral tint of tho paper is Conservativo. Its general manner and accent are thoso of an organ which has a quiok sonso of its ownpowor, and great determination inputting that power to uso. On tho whole, wo think that, talion in connection with 'ho political and social reaction to which wo havo referred, tho PALI. MALI. GAZETTE is tho most Important faot of tho hour-partly effect, but both caUBO and promoter to a degrco which may well occasion a little alarm to thoso who do not Uko tho re- action or trust its spirit." Tho story of " Lady Donzll" in tho Coiuuiii.r. is ono of thoso literary gems which appear at intervals in this periodical, and always impress ono with tho mastery of stylo and finish whioh bolong to a work of art. Tho story itself is dramatically porfoct, and quito original in tho turn of its Incidonts. A sketch of "Tho Worth Frisian Outlands'1 describos a portion of SchleBwig- IIolstcin, inhabited by " a sturdy race of God-fearing, bcof-catinu mon and women, bearing an unmistakable family llkonoss to tho nation which is so obviously tho favourite of beaven." There seems to La no doubt of our very near kinship to this pooplo, or, to speak more correctly, as to tho oxiotenco of a largo and important Frisian oloroont in our English nationality. Tho resomblanco in mannen and cus- toms, in language, and fashion of speech, in food, and drcsB, and personal appoaranco la surprising ¡ and this pooplo, wo aro told, in their island kotweon tho Elbe and tho Sahlol, havo to sustain a wearisome conflict with tho sea for tho vory ground they subsist upon. A papor on " Surnames in England and Wales '' is euro to bo read with muoh curious' in teros t. It is based oa thu registration indexes of births, marriages, and deaths, and traces in a pleasant gosslpping manner tho origin of mony of tho most comraoti, nnd tho ohangCB thoy havo undergone "A Holiday among como ola Friands" is an attempt to realiso in a homely, familiar way soma of tho leading faots of political and soolal lifo in classical Greece. " Don ltionrdo" is an amusing sketch, partly of Spanish chaiacter; and thoro ia yot another of tho lighter alosa of oesayB, entitled "Tho Old LOTOS of Our Loves," Last, but not least of all in importanco, may bo montloncd tho description of " Two Great Oitios" by an Ameri- can. Tho cities aro Kow York and San Francisco. A largs stray of statistical faots is given, and such a moving panorama of restless lifo impressed upsn tho reader OB might bo got by looking ' down from a billoon, not only into tho streets, but into the stoics and counting-houses ami all othor piscos whore pooplo congregate. Any attempt to opltomlso tho article would fallt it is itself an epi- tomo, very clesoly eoraprossod and.'ably arranged. Ia MACUILLAH'B MAGAZINE, the first article relates to a subjeot of root Importanco, " Tochnicnl Education a National Want," by J. Scott Kussol). Tho foals/ai to tcohnioal education in forolgn countries are quito startling. Tho reoont Exhibition at Paris has brought thom dearly before Mt. Besides tho usual roports of tho jurors, thora bas bern a highor sorlos of reports proporod by sroalal commissioners sent to report on the results, of tho exhibition with rcforonco to national intorosts; those will shortly appear in tho Kensington Bluo Book. A second roport ot a still more strictly technical naturo. was ol lol tod by tho aommlsslonors of schools. On this roport tho Govern- ment having taken alarm sont abroad a commissioner if not officially at least ofilooioueomsnt, to ascertain ty personal inquiry whotkor tho alleged defects af our systems of oduoatlon and our inferiority to sor/io othor countries in some sort« of tooltoical «kill wvo real or Imaginary, It appears now from all tbp.se sources of Information that wo aro terribly behind-hand. Ti« testimony of mon ongagcd in vnrloUH irades ii glvon. After reading thia articlo no ono oar woudor that trndo ia loaving England, and it IB quito corlain that if our Oovornmonl doos not talco moasuros for English technical education many manufaoturos and trndo; must dio out in thia country. " Memorial Literature of the Amoricnn War," by G. O. Trevelyan, M.P., contains part of a fine odo by Jamos Rusooll Lowoll, Mr. riolp'a unique story of " ltoalmah" is continuod. Tho articlo on Ritualism by Iioalio Stophons ii thoroughly good. Ha taltos a aido of tho question ruth, r opposed to Mr. Palgravo's rooont artiolo tn this magazine Mr. Pjlgravo maintninod thnt the ritua- listic impulso was chiefly owing to tho roathotia do rolopmont in tho country. MiUieont Garnott Fawcett has a thoughtful papor on " Tho Education of Woraon of tho Middlo and Uppor Classes ¡" and. Mr. Goldwin Smith a powerful and striking paper on thc " Last Republicans of Romo." Tnero aro somo slight graceful vorses, by Frederic Looker, "Geraldine and I." . Sr. PAUL'S continuos to bo odited with aa obvious oarnostness of purposo. Two articles in particular olaim attention. " Tho Panslavist Rovival in Eastern Europo]' convinces us that tho soonor Austria aocopts her position ns a groat Panslavist power, tho bettor for herself and for tho now Gorman ompiro, of whioh thoro can now bo no doubt that Prussia must f Tin tho political and military contre. Here, in fool, lies our hope of holding Russia in check by forco of moro cir- cumstances, and to far of solving tho groat Eastern problom. Gf moro imtnedinto interest to Englishmen, perhaps, is tho papor on "Tho Private Soldier as Ile 1B,'' by " a Dragoon on Furlough.'' Thoro is much in it that desorvi'B the attcnt'on of tho military autho- rities, yot it hardly leaves the imp-ession on an ordi- nary realer that tho lifo of a soldier is, on tho wholo, loss attractive than that ot tho unskilled labourer. An account of the "Italian Acadomies" of former ngos is entertaining, and, if all tho writor states is corroot, Italy may rejoice in being disonthrallod from thoir paralysing influença. Tho lighter articles in oludo a notlco of Mr. Hop worth Dixon's book on " Spiritual Wives," whieh is not treated altogether wita unmitigated abuso, thouîli in part sovoroly oon domncd. Tn ".Paul Öoslott" thoro is so muoli of truthful humour that wo may pronounco it tho most roadablo paper in tho number. BT-AOKWOOD'S most attractive artiolo ia an essay on " Horace." Tho aim of tho writor is to account for tho universal popularity of tho Odes, whioh he ac- counts for, in tho first place, by tho genial humanity of Horneo, and next, by tho combination of a plea- surable tomporamont with a singular inanlinoss of ioutimont Til« sum of the matter is, that Horace wns a thorough man of tho world, understanding tho world in tho fonso of tooioty. As a poof, his singular terseness is hold up to our admiration. " Thoro is no wandering ofter ideas-no eooking to prolong and over-adorn tho main purpose for which he writes. . , Ho scoins always to considor that ho is addressing a very civilised and a very impationt audionco, which ¡ins other occupations ia lifo besides that of reading versos." Thon ho is highly imaginative, aad com- bines picturo and drama with wonderful offect in the grandor^ odes." Tho articlo is introductory to somo translations from the Odes, whioh aro to bo composed in rhymeloBs moasures, dud given in subscquont nura bora of BLACKWOOD. Thoro aro skotchos of Aytoun and Charles .Kern, nnd somo pungont'rotnnrks by "Oornollus O'Dowd" (Mr. Lover, wo beliovo), on tho Irish question. Tho pioturo ho draws is ona of " politioal quncks" making a bid for Ireland. Hero is tho concluding paragraph-"'Compensation for improvomont,' cries tho auotionoor; 'any bid after that, gontiomnn?' 'Away with tho landlords-a olean swoop of all proporty,' crios Mr. Mill. ' Thank you, sir ; and vory handsome it is ' 'I spoke of dividing tho rovonucs of tho Irish Ohuroh,' whispors Lord Russell; 'I don't think you heard me.' 'Yoe, my lord, perfectly ; but Mr. Bright ottered us tho wholo establishment, Any gentleman diiposod to incrcoso cn Mr. Mill's offer ? Going, going at con- fiscation. Roaïly, I ara distressed to think that no ono will throw in a trifle moro. Will no gontlcmon Bay ovon, 'Repeal of tho Union?' Irolanu is posi- tively going for nothing, gontleman-for aotually nothing. At suoh a saorifioe my instructions aro to reservo tho sale. Gentlemon, wo cannot BOO this fina country going for a moro song. I fool confident, howovor, thoro aro good timoa coming -, and whon wo noxt como to offer this lot for public competition, take my word for it, you'll soo far more spirited bidding; for, however littlo likoly it seems, tho Bhortost cut to Whitehall is through Dublin.' " BENTLEY'S MISCELLANY contains tho usual amount of continuod stories and short roadablo tales and skotohop. Tho Prestwood Papers aro continuod. This month wo havo anothor of thoso novor-onding cues from Shakespeare, " About Beading tho Uoirt in tho Face." Tho writer, " FranoU ' Jacox," takos a host of oharaotors from novels and plays, and comparos tho' way in which they manifested various omotions. Without much dopth, tho paper is interesting. There is a short paper, that ought to ba longer, on Simeon's " History of the Gipaios." Colburn has nothing that arrests attention this month. Thoro aro thrco continuous stories, and a poora, running through oirht ornino pagos, with tho title of " Bolphagor." Tito skotohes and essa; s aro, " Tho Two Mooklonburgs," " Novicos and Adepts in tho Molting Mood,'' "Tho Arlingtons,' "Tho Abys- sinian Fly," .' Christine, or Commonplaco Pcoplo," ' A Narrativo of a Short Rosidonco in Lowor Canada," and a political paper of no value. The editor of tho DunLiN UHIVEUBITY MAOAZINE bas pro3ontcd hts roadors with a thoroughly good number. "Gown and Town Rows at Oxford and thoir Historical Significance," is a history of the hereditary feud, from its origin in Tho articlo shows research, and is full of curious end intorcstiug faots. It appears that the univorsnl result of thoso struggles botwaon tho acadoralcs and civic powors has boon tho subjugation of Hie lnttor. " It was the old struggle for municipal freedom con- tinually and ovon unsuccessfully maintained. Tho odds wara too groat against thocittzons; the univorsity a'ways had tho kings, nobles, and popes on its Bido, and in tho last extremity tho ton ¡blo woapon of excommunication never failed." Thoro is an inform- ing nrtiolo on "A Roman Aotor-Quintus Rosoius."' It gives a vivid accouut of tho life of an aoter ia thoso timos. Tho passion of tho Romans for theatrical amusemont rondcrod thom boundless in thoir iccom COOBO of actors, " and as thoro ia nothing that may not o dignified by virtuo, and persons fool a secret prido" in being gonorous to tho good, tho magistrates treated Roaoins with oxcessivo liberality. Ills ordinary daily stipond was 1000 donar», or about £30. sterling in English mouay. Cicero estimates his yoarly income nt a much highor rato/and says it oxcecded £-18,000, But groat as wero his gains, ho had the raro generosity to rosiga thom for tho public good, when ho thought ho had rocolvod enough. At tho timo whon Cicero undortook bia dofonco against Chorea, ho had per- formed gratuitously for ton years." Tho story of "John Baller's Nioco" is continued : it is woll and quiotly, in Borne pnrts beautifully writton. Thoro aro somo fair versos-" Voioos Calling." An in torosting papor ou tho " nouaohold Storios of tho Hindoos" ls founded ona work recently noticed ? in our reviow columnB ; " Old Deceau Days ; or, Hindoo Fairy Legonds curront in S^uthorn India ' " Vikram and tho Vampiro, or Tales ot Indian Dovilry," is tho o; oiling papor in FRASER; tho storios aro adapted by Richard F. Burton, vlco-Presidont of tho Anthropological ' Sooioty-thoy Boom to ho very well done. "Turu Again ' is a rather romarkablo poom, founded on somo passages in the Talmud and ancient Jowish writings; it ls ab ut a Jow who "fo'l into doubt about tho encrod low." Mr. Bonnmy Prioo write* ably on tho "Controversy on l'roo Bank- ing." Mr. G.it Wold contributos an nrtiolo on vol- canoes, containing an account of tho asoont of Vesuvius dirootly aftor an eruption, tho writor and his frlond camping all night on tho mountain. " Oatnossiana,' chnptors I. and IL, oppoarstobo a woll and quiotly writton story of son-sido lifo in Scotland. Tho con- cluding article ls on tho " Caucasian Administration and tito Irish Difficulty ;" it Is throughout very read- able, and is In parts rathor humourous. It BUggosts that as Harvoy Biroh, In Coopers Spy, was misunder- stood by his oountrymon, BO that lt was only after hiB doalh, whoa they found Washington's testimonial on I him, that they know what a patriot ho bad boen, so with Mr. DIsraoll "whon ho bas fully con- summated tho saorlfloo, when tho lUtabliBhcd Church of Ireland, and haply the Established Ohuroh of England, aro disendowod ; whon tho Soptontual I Aot is ropoalod; whon his HlghWycombo ' plnttorm Bhall havo boen complotoly and offeotually owrlou out, I thon and not till thon, will tho sllvor box bo produced, and in it will bo found a soroll to this offert s-? I " OiroumstancoB of political importanco, whioh in volvo tho oh arno tor and places of many, havo hithorto kept «oorot what this papor rovoale. Benjamin DIsraoll has for y onrs boon a faithful and unrequited sorvant of tho Itadloals. Thoua-b wo may no1, may the Tories roward him for his conduct. Daniel O'Connell, Joseph Hume, John Bright." The other articles are, "How to save Ireland from tho Ultra- montane University," "A School for Young Ladies In Genoa;" and on "Tho State Papers of tho Reign of Henry tho Eighth." , , , Tsui'La BAA oontains nnolhorof thoso wonderful hunting aterios of which scrotal havq apptaretJ i already. This limn, " Vim /founds of Kio J unirlo i aro sketched. Those aro wild da¡¡f, known tm doy i oles, in tho torrilory between tim Colorado and iii [ Oronoko, in tho central part of North Amorica. Tho; , lmvo on ugly fash'on of surrounding tho camp fire b; night nt n certain distance "Thoy como sneaking u¡ i thr ugh tho black glades, noiseless and elont, nm i they squat round on thoir haunches, and thoir oyo shino liko stars. They wait and watoh, and will no ho drivon off. You shoot ono, but othora como. Tho; sit like ghosts, Uko pale dovils, round your üro, novo: i stirring, novor taking thoir shining eyes from off youl fuco. Ah, I toll you, sonor, itistcrriblo to bo beso by Coyotes I. Hour by hour thoy sit there, just oui of ronoh, in a circle about you. It ia a nightmaro From very weariness you doao off, and, waking wit! a horrid start, you shout to acó how near tho dovili havo cropt As you spring up they slink book again and toko tho formor ring, líoking thoir foxy jaws, bul making no sound. And you-yon rush at thom ; and they glido away and vanish on tho instant in tho black undergrowth. But aa you return thoy ,'corao forth again, they _ sit down again, and ataro with novor o wink in thoir green eyes. It is vory torriblo, sonor." Amone the othor contents of tho numbor ia a aketoh of "Tho Lifo and Death of James, Earl of Derwent- water," by Lady Horbort, who endeavours to interest hor r.odors in tho unfortunate Earl from a Horn an Oathollo point of viow. Tho Anaosy, now oditod by Mrs. nonry Wood, con- tains some additional chapters of har now story, "Anno Hereford;" a oouple of stanzas, "Easter Week," by tho .Bor. Ohnrles Kingsloy; and miscel- laneous papera ontitlod " Vittoria Colonna ;" " Anothor Chanco j" " Watching on St Mark'a Evo;*' "Aunt Felicito;" "Quiot Attentions," by H«sba Stretton; " Tho Gray Monk ;" and " Our Log Book." Hesba Strolton's notion of " quiot attentions " mny be got out of tho following.-,-'"No kissing I" said Oootho's first love, the littlo millinor, Orotohon; 'no kissing! that is so vulaar; but let ua lavo, if wo can!' No doubt tho girl, two yoars tho senior, was laughing at the impassioned boy, yet thero was a rare refinement in hor distasto. Wiofand, the Gorman no vol ist, muat have boon a sublimo lover. Ho was perfectly con- vinced that love is born with tho first sigh, and expiros in a cortain degrco with tho first kiss. Zim- merman askod tho young indy, to wh- m he waa at- tached, wheo it waa that AVielând salutod her for tho first timo I . ' Wieland,' replied tho amiablo girl, 'did not kiss my hand for tho first four yeara of our no qaainfaneo ! ' Of tho »arno transcondontal order must have boon that Puritan divine who, after a betrothal of soron years, asked a blessing and roturncd thanks over tho first kiss, and was mnrriod ahortly afterwards, it is addod. Thcso wore betrothed kisses it is truo; but aro thero no oxporimontnl onos? Down in innocent places in tho country, where it is rather rural than vulgar? Tho oxcitomont of being kissed unoxpoctcdly ia groat and raro, for no man ran toko a girl by surpriso twice, tho memory of a first kiss lingoring in hor mind for ever afterwards. Thore is, let it bo confessed frankly, a cortain kind of trium- phant disquietude in having bcon kissed, a grnz'ng of tho skin of tho conscionce, and a tiny stiug loft in it. whioh gi vos zest to tho stolon caress; but still wo say, with Gretchen, 'No kissing; that is so vulgar I' " Ono ot tho boat information papers that baa appeared for a long timo in OiiAMUEns's JOURNAL is an account of "The Zodiacal Light," in tho present numbor. Along with thia may bo mentioned a paragraph in the scientific notes of " Tho Month" relativo to tho total eclipso of tho sun, which ¡B to tako place on tho 18th of August next, and which is already oxoiting unusual intorest among astronomers, in consequence of tho (comparatively) long period of darkness which it will occasion. Aa tho lino of total obscurity would bo represented by a lino drawn on tho map from Adon acroaa Hindustan, and away to tho southern coast of Kow Guinea, a- numbor of nowly constructed instru- menta havo boen sont out to India, and it ia quite expected that our knowlodgo of tho constitu'ion of tho san will bo largely increased by tho observations. Tho romaining papers aro, "Tho Queon'a Journal," "Tears," "Maxima by n Man of tho World," " Com- pulsory Education," " Tho Measured Milo," "Book- makers," " Westminster Abbey," " Dolilah," " Aslcop orAwoko" (a ghost story), and "Aoross tho Walnuts and tho Wino, ' containing a fow indifferent puns. In GOOD WOBDS tho author of " John Halifax'* continues her now story, "Woman'sKingdom.'' Mra. Oliphant contributea a short talo, "Tho Ship's Doctor." Tho skotches and religious papora aro, "A Week on tho North Coast of Cornwall," "A Russian Fabulist" (second natioo of tho ahrowd fabloa of Krilof, with somo olovor illustrations), " Erasmus in Relation to tho Reformation," ''Pawnbroking in Paris," " Our Lord a Greatest Mirado," " Recent Spoculationa on Primroval Man" (by tho Duko of Argyll),, i" A Working Man's Courtship," "Horo Harold," and " Our Sunday Schools." Tho numbor concludes with an attempt to explain, by na' UTOI causes, the captain's ghost story related in tho March part of GOOD WOODS, ONCE A WEBK Booms to prosper und-r tho manage- ment of Mr. Dallas. " Foul Flay," tho joint pro- duction of Charlea Roado and Dion Bouoicault, is attracting attention, mainly owing, perhaps, to tho piquanoy of tho loading circumstance. It ia hardly necessary to say that tho illustrations, by Misers. Da Mauricr and Walkor aro good. Tho following ia givon in "Tablo Talk," as an oxamplo of innocent forgeries:-"Mr. Argent was managor ef ono of tho branches of a West County Bank, and waa duly at- tending to bia business, whoa there carno to him two farmors, neighbours, ORO a customor of tho bank. 'Mr. Argent,'saya tho oustomor, whom I shall call Jonos, 'when is that bill of mino on Smith due?' (His companion waa tho Smith in question.) ' Ii will soo,' euys tho managor; and then in a littlo whilo, 'It will fall duo tho. day af tor to-morrow.' 'Ob,.then,' says Jones, ' I will pay it now.' 'But,' sayo Smith, ' I havn't put my namo to no bill.' 'AU right,'says .Tones ; ' Mr. Argent told mo, wbon I asked him to lond motho monoy, that ho must have another good namo to tho bill ; so I put yours.' 1 Oh,' says Smith, ' that's all right then,'-and tho two frionde walked off, arm-in-arm, aftor tho bill was paid, apparently quito unconscious that thero was anything wrong in tho transaction, and leaving tho manager, in a state- of mind whioh may bo moro oasily imaginad than des- cribed." Tho,current story in Aix TUB XBAK HOUND, IS by Wi kio Collins. Tho miscellaneous contonta of the number aro-" Locomotion in London," " Hod Hugh,'' "In tho Air,"' "Ohaucor English in tho Doles," " Sorao vory Light Litoroturo," " Woodland Musio," "Coal," " Russian Peasantry," '-David darrick," "A Discreet Report, Told by a Skippor," " Oarahobo," "ThoW/ook of tho Pocahontas," "Poison of tho Rat- tlesnake," "Sent to tho Towor," and "Tho Dramatio Cardinal." Tho subj oct of ono ot tho abovemontionod pnpors, which may be oasily discovered by its title, ia aerostation. Tho aim of tho writer la to show, by reference to tho various species of flying oroaturos, that buoyancy in tho air ia always dependent on gasooua structure, and 'waitage or flight on wing atruoturo. Tho following ourioua faot ia quoted from a well known bosk : " Soon attor Baooa'a timo, projects wore instituted to train up ohlldron from their iufanoy in tho oxerciso of flying with artificial wings ; which soomcd to bo tho favourlta plan of tho artista and philosophers of that day. If wo orodit tho accounts of some of thoso oxporimcnts, it would scorn that con- siderable progrosa waa mado in that way. Tho indivi- duals who used tho wings could akim over tho surf JCO of tho earth with a great doal of .coso and colorlty. This was oocomplishod hy the combined faculties of running und flying. It ls stated that, by an altor, natoly continued motion of tho wing) against tho air, and tho foot against tho ground, thoy woro onnblod to move along with a striding motion, and with inore diblo spocd." paper, ontitlod "ríotos from King Thoodoro'a Coun- try." \t ls accompanied by an engraved plan of Mag- dala, whioh ia dtaoribod aa a fortress aa dliBoult to tako as if lt woro porohod upon Mont Ulano, Bomowhoro about " Lo Grand Koohor," with " Lo Grand Plateau" aa a baso for tho attack. In " Muscular Sooioty" wo aro told something about tho athletic oxtrclsoa prno tlsod In Franco, viz,, fonoing and gymnastics. Tho former is rooommondod to tho attention of English moa as ono ot tho best of paatimos. " If only a littla mora intorost woro taken in it in England, it would bo a most valuable rosourco on n rainy day in many of tho slow country-housoa whioh aro known to and ondurcd by ua all, and would rooonollo many a froBt-bound fox-hunter and many a rnln-opprossod sportsman to that lifo whioh, aa it la, ia loft dopondont upon billiards and round gamos." Tho fow who eon fonoo aro, thoroforo, strongly rooommondod to estab- lish a propaganda, " carry their folia about with thom as thoy do tholr guiiB, and proclaim os high and lofty a oontempt for a man who cannot tako doux foll lo oontcr Indoors ns for him who cannot tako a braco of partridgoa right and loft in tho Hold." Tho " Thumbnail Skotohor " 'prcsonta us with somo half dozen typical portraits of cabmon, all vory olovor and truo lo tho lifo. Thorols a papor on " llilllarda and Hilliard PlnyoTs," and tho usual varloty of lighter sholchea and rooms with illustrations. .'? . ' ST. JAMUS'H has commonood a now Dories this month, undor tho editorial management of Mrs. Riddell, tho author of " Goorgo Golth.-" Mrs. Rlddoll heraolf con tributen tho opening charlton of a now atory, entitled "A. Lifg'a Aesizg," Tho othor arUoloa aro, " Tho JbuMoijuldouva* ol' O/iurii," " Country Polities," ' i'iJ pay's Fables," "ha lloohofoueuiild mid lils Pbiloio nh'y," " dabs," " iioroll, n tfovol, * " Artisan's Uwol lings at Mullfouse," "Mt. Dlsrarll's Premiership," aud two or tbroo psoras. UELOIIAVIA doToles thirty-two extra pagos to Mis9 Braddon'« last new story, "Charlotte's Inheritance," notwithstanding its prior publication in the orthodox ttireo volumes. "Bold Soa Fruit" is contnuod. Undor the head of " Glimpses at Foroign Literature," thoro isa hriofnotioo of Gcorgo Sand. Tho author of "Belladonna" contributes "Diana Gay," and Mrs. Garland gives an account of tho ecliool at Cowan Bridge d'saribed in "Jane Eyro," which sho vindi- cates from the charges brought against it by Charlotte Bronto. A characteristic paper by Mr. Scofforn on tho uso of cosmotics will no doubt bo road by most ladies into whoso hands this number of DELOIIAVM may ch«nco to fall; and for that reason it is to bo regretted that tho author is muoh too couitlar-liko in his treat- ment of the subjeot. He suggests tho means ofjriving a downy appearance to tho shin when printed or enamelled. _ Miss Bradien, has oddly enough, insoited ono poem in two places. Perhaps sho thought it so good that somo of her subsoiUors might Uko to read it twice. I ! _i_! 