EPITOME OF NEWS. The number of passengers arrived at the port of Melbourne by sea for the week ending Saturday, August 22nd, 1868, -was 6S6£, of which number 676 were from the neighboring colonies, »nd 110J from London. Mr John Mobney, formerly a wealthy cattledealer and cqcatter, died on Thursday at the Hospital in great poverty. His career was a very remardable one. . The cook of the ELM S.S. Eaikoura has been frightened to death, Bt Sydney, by a dog. A mintr in tbe Wfaipstick diggings, Bendigo, obtained during the last fortnight £1,300 worth of jgold. A destructive fire took place last week-at the residence of a farmer named Stewart Peoples, at Evansford. . Government House at.. Sydney was burglarously entered on Monday," but the thieveB only succeeded in carrying off a quantity of cutlery. Two men were arrested at Wabganyan on Thursday while driving seventeen head -of stolen cattle through the township. Some irregularities have been discovered in the accounts.of the town clerk of St Kilda. At a sale of town properly held at Ballarat, on Friday last, the large sum of .£50 ICs per foot was given for land in Sturt street, adjoining the Star office. The wool season has brought round with it tbe swegmen. In the Ararat and Wimmera districts these wandrera are more numerous than usnaL Another fatal railway accidentia reported from Sydney. On Friday night the conductor's engine ran into a wool buck at Marulan. One man was killed, and another dangerously Wounded. The toi disanl " Count" Von Attems, who swindled bo many people in Sydney, was last heard of at Cleveland Bay, Queensland, whither he arrived in . bis beautiful yacht, Hamlet's Ghost After entertaining instead of swindling the principal inhabitants, he departed for fresh fields and pastures new. Mr Lock, of Jjong Gully, Sandhurst, has extracted 86 onnces of gold from 48 loads of puddlers' tailings from Marong. Fears are entertained that the Albert Tower of the Adelaide Town Hall is not being securely built, owing to a settlement which is apparent in the foundations. Mr Charlrs Young's store at Talbot was totally destroyed by fire one night last week. Iacendiariam is suspected. Professor Owen, at the annual soiree of the Leeds Mechanics' Institute, related the following anecdote:— Some of the working scientific men of London, with a few. others, hare formed a sort of dub; and after our winter's work of lecturing is over, we occasionally Bally forth to liare a day's fishing. *We have for that purpose taken a small river in the neighborhood of the metropolis, and near ita banks there stands a little public house, where we dine soberly and sparingly, on each food ai old Isaac Walton loved. We have a rule that he who catches the biggest fish of (he day shall be the president for the evening. In the course of one day, a member, not a scientific one, bat a higb political man, caught a trout that weighed 3ilbs; but earlier in the Jay he had pulled out a barbel of ilb weight. So, while we were on our way to the inn, what did this political gentleman do but with the butt-end of his rod ram . the barbel down the tront'e throat, in which state he handed his fish to be weighed.. Thna - .he scored 41b, which bang the greatest weight, he' took the chair. As we were going away for home, a' man of science—it was the. president of the Boyal Society—said to tbe man of politics, * If you don't want \- that fine-fish of yours, I should like to have it, for I . have some friends to dine with me to-morrow.' My Lord took it home, and -I beard no mora nntil -we met on the next week. Then, while were preparing our tackle, the president of the Boyal Society said to our high political friend, * 3%ere were soma extnordinaiy circumstances, do you know, about that fi& you gava me. I bad no idea that the trout'was so" voracious; —but that one bad swallowed a barbel.* 1 1 am astonished to hear your Lordship say so,' rejoined an eminent n&tnratist; * trout,may be voracious enough to swallows minnow*—but a barbel, my Lordi There mnst be some mistake.* ' Not at all,-* replied hi* Lordship, 'for the fact got to my family, thatibe cook, in catting open flu tnut, had found* barbel made; and as my family knew I was fond oTnatoral history I was J called into the kitchen.. There I sawlt—the trout had swallowed a barbel, fall -half a pound in Wright.' ' Out of the question, my' Lord/ aud.the naturalist, 1 itValtOgPftlTT ijU't" MMffrmBfii- imijihilnanpliifl -' ? don't know^vhat may be philosophical in the matter— X only kuow I am telling von a matter of fact,"raid his Lordship ; and the diqmta hating!lasted* "while, •explanations were given, and the practical joka was heartily enjoyed." 