TTTR "STRAKGERS" IN THE KELBOVBBE CUP. BX OBIKGS BCOSSOIE. The result of the Band wick Metropolitan muet hare effectually dispelled any notion that the bandicappere of the V.B.C. had made a mistake in allotting lOet. 41b. to The Barb and Tim Whiffler in the Melbourne Cup; and it moat be gratifying indeed to those gentle men who bare undertaken the thankless task of handicapping to find that their effort*, so far ae present appearances go, bid f&ir; to hare a much more successful issue than attended the labours of the weight-spportioners in the sister colony. From the moment the weights for the Metropolitan firet saw the light, the race was regarded by most of the sporting writer* as a match between the tiro top weights, an opinion which has been fully realised to the letter, nothing bat the pair having the ghost of a chance, so that the " prophets" hare reason to congratulate them eel res upon the correctness of their deductions; although they were floored to a man in the Derby. Altogether it appears to hare been a most successful meeting, and it is gratifying to record the fact that it passed off without giving birth to any transaction which could be regarded with suspicion. The ball having been fairly set going by the Sydney folks, the Victorian racing world has taken up the running, and may now be considered as on the move" at last, after the dullest of dull winters, for such it has been to the book makers in this colony ; and it is, I am certain, a circumstance that will not be regretted by the multitude of backers who bare hitherto suffered so sererely from indulging in their plunging proclivities during the winter. The running st Sydney has already had the effect of establishing several favourites for onr own great handicap, which for some time will doubtless be the all-absorbing topic, and engage the principal share of the attention of the racing community, and "Fiemington in the morning '* will be done pretif considerably now that the nags are about to go into fast work. Those who hare hones afflicted with proppy understandings will haTe no cause to regret taking up their quarters in the vicinity of FlemLngton, as toe training-ground, thanks to the attention bestowed upon it by the ranger, is in much better order than I hare ever seen it before. An abundance of tan has been laid down, and with it has been mixed a certain quantity of brownish sand, which has had the effect of making the ground aa good going as the most fastidious trainer new wish to haTe. Although the facing at Band wick has been the means of supplying at with several favourites, I do not think there has been a desire manifested to back any par ticular hone in what might be termed a sensa tional manner, as was the case last year when the Metropolitan was carried off by Tim Whiffler, who immediately wss made such a pot of, Fireworks also taking first honour* in the betting market, aad the two holding the {aide of place to the end of the chapter. This year, however, backers appear to act more cautiously than heretofore, and although many of a speculative turn of mind ore exceedingly fond of The Barb, the KM. 71b. which he will bare to carry act* as a damper upon their enthusiasm, and accordingly they do not" put it on*' with the confidence they exhibited when supporting him for the Metropolitan. For my own part, X question very much whether John Tait will jeopardise the chance be has of once more appropriating the Port Phillip Stakes, and therefore I expect to see the black hone reserved for the weight-for-age races at the Spring Meeting and the New Year's Day event, leaving Glencoe as the sole representative of the yellow and black. The chesnnt has a penalty of 31b., bringing his weight up to 9st. lib., which I look upon as a little too much for him to carry with sncoees against the field be will have to meet on the 5th November. There are other nags, how ever, in the Sydney division that cannot be regaided in any other light than most danger ous custom en; and amongst others are Mr. De Mestre's pair, Tim Wliiffler and Marks man; the latter being looked upon aa a youngster that will make considerable im provement between thie and the Ant day of our 8pring Meeting. Thewtative positions of The Barb and Tim in the Metropolitan con vinces me that the black hone is Tim's master even at a different* of 7iti.in&voa;*of Tim, for it must be borne fa min3 that al&pugn; Mr. Tait's repres«itatire Wdnbj hilf a leru^h pnly, he bad >otnethibg in land at lhe .finish, a ciituffiitanoe that cannot be ignored when considering their respective prospects in the Melbooine <tapj iM wm Itertiih that The to awttd^th^epremier^sition Lmyestf nation of the New South Wales division. The Archer oolt, In the Maiden Plato, of one mile and a erixibttfd «o iri^rowment ojpon his Derby running, but orerthe shorter oooree for the Product the iirter to Hie JBarb disposed of Wm gutti a* easily as lie bad polished her off & the Msiien FUtq, tfce shorter di^etioe no doubt"being more to the liking of the ,filly. Whether Mr. De Meetwi's colt *01 improve sufficiently to become a favourite fbr the Cop la a matter of doubt, albeit there are man/-who regard him as the resl Simon Tore of Mr. De MeetreYtwo, tod look upon the youngster as the "coming Tiorse," notwithstanding > rumour to the effect «*t Mr. D« UnIk will not send anything down to conteet theCup at all, the running «t Bandwick baring Htiified him thkt lie hu no chance of success. Of course this canard must be taken for what it it worth ; but should it prove correct, then Mr. De M estre is not the man I imagined him to be. Of the other horeea constituting the 8jdney lot, Bylong is entitled to most consideration, from the fact of haTing run third to the two crack* in the Metropolitan ; and as he will meet The Barb on 81b. and Tim 51b. better terms, his chance appears to be as rosy as anything that appeared at the late Bandwick meeting; but his feet I understand are of a rerj tender description, and if such be the case, Flemington willnot prove as suitable as Bandwick for his under* standings. The bet of his owner not sending him for anything but the Metropolitan is satisfactory evidence in favour of the hypothesis that bis idea wab to save the horse as much as possible in order that be might fulfil his engagement in the Melbourne Cap, and if he doesn't come very "hot" before another month hRS passed away, then I shall be most unmistakably out of my reckoning. Grul nan also performed well enough to rank amongst the favourites, and considering that she will meet all the other Sydney nags at an advantage, ber victory cannot be looked upon as improbable. Bulgimbar was not a per former at Bandwick, consequently no line can be taken of bis form, but we are told that his running with North Australian was conclusive proof that the latter roust hold him safe, as he bad a great advantage over Bulgimbar in the weights, there being now a difference of 131b. between them, whereas 21b. only was the difference when the pair met in Tattersail's Cup. I have not, however, seen it recorded in any of the remarks referring to this race, as a criterion of the merits of the two, that Bui girnbar only allowed the Northener to get up to his girths on sufferance, bis rider having an eye to the Duke of Edinburgh Stakes, which was the succeeding event on the oard. In this race of one mile and three-quarters, Bulgim bar carried 151b. more than North Australian, and_ won in a canter, the Queens lander not getting a place. From this I imagine Bulgim bar to be the best of the two upon paper, although I have crave doubts of Iiis coming here to have a shy for the " great betting race of the yearhis chief characteristic appears to me to consist of a fine tarn of speed, and were the field composed of ten or a dozen, he would display this very excellent quality to done advantage than amongst such ft crowd as will in all probability conteet the Melbourne Cup. Mr. Loder's Pttsford is another of the speedy kind, and is well served in the handi cap, so far as weight is concerned; but there are others of the New South Wales nags quite capable of settling the pretensions of this delicate eon of the pretty Piteford, and if I am not mistaken his owner is perfectly aware of this fact ; therefore it is within the bounds Of probability that he will not risk Hie voyage to Melbourne; but even should he put in an ap pearance, be has not of late performed suffi ciently well to be regarded as a probable winner of a race like that under notice. Trarerton, another of the Cap horses that did not show op at the late Bandwick meeting, it reported^ by some as a much better animal than be is thought to be by the general public; still, in the face of this statement, it appears somewhat strange that he should sot have been indulged with a rt flutter" in some of the ! good things distributed by the AJ.C. at their I Spring Meeting. Silvertail also failed to pat in an appearance; bat whether her absence was owing to a desire upon the part of her owner to reserve ber for the Victorian event, or whether die was not considered capable of taking her part against the cracks, de- ' ponent knoweth not. Coquette both in the Derby and other errata exhibited an inabiHtj to atay, and cannot therefore be regarded as a formidable opponent, for unices ana* possesses that statfna «o essential in what I ahouid tenn*'a wear-and-tear race," th«e is no prospect of carrying successfully the eoloma of its owner to the J&ont; in the Melbourne Cop; and as the daughter of Sir Herevlea and Vanity has been decisively bested by her stable companion Barbelle, who could barely extend Bagpicker, I think we may reasonable look to some other quarter for danger. Were the representatives of New South Wales engaged in our Cop to start in a race by themselves &e; eame weights as they will be called upon to cany on the 6th November, I am perfectly satisfied that The Barb would have numerous adherents at evens against the field, and those who backed him would be justified in supporting him by the reoent victories achieved by the "coloured gentlemanand in estimating his chance for the big handicap I am compelled to a deeded penchant for hitn (her the probability of his not starting), and I be lieve him quite capable of carrying all the weight and settling the pretensions of the re ""J'X?* ; Bylong, Gulnare, and Tun Whiffler (who is also under a cloud) being the beat of those opposed to him. Bat it is quite another matter when hi* prospects ire discussed in company with the chances of the numerous animals that will do battle for our oolonr, amoDgrt whom are several of mora than average ability, whose doings hare been a great deal above mediocrity, and who are in ppon auch advantageous terms that I antici pate a much better "show" for Victoria this pitted0 ,i,a* ttTwd^n1^ ft£JIMe vbra twee, ^Jwerer, it woold bfe useless to'smea jateapon the proepeots of our own nags until foxier week or so has passed, and therefore I .balrpostpone a discussion oftheir meritaand Relative chanoes until a futon ooqrmo&bI; preeebt ooofioiog my remarks totheothbr engwea. X may, however, j tut pareotbetiasflr, that I hare rlifted W -gmmda rather often of late, .*£ IfttoMtntion baa ooovfnoed tnbtbat fa qntte in Jifc two-year-old form: Btrppis In better heart and wmdftion for ng than ever, and will hare fall jmtii>e ^ ih^ Beajpitfioolfil wrt broken dWn fn the St. Tjeeet M^^ otherwise sheoould not hareatood fM bil jflD^'iripg tint A# hf n®**» toS laally, that Sam Wrfdoek wffl >ot be ftr off the winner when all fa orerx and viD not be with ftrewofo fnt withdne rfei rn drt fipiendJeas than was ti>« Goeen .t Ifajs time last fmr. Mooog/t our ....... mtFiemfajton Indeed «thel&itof; other da^w^Gopbearw and Ratafia, the Utter *»k#hing ffljy, botnot poseeaeed of a tart fmount of quality. From what I can glean from Adelaide, the Cup is considered m good as over, and the money in Mr. R van's pockets; and a friend upon that side of the border informs me that Little Fish can bare do chance with this pair, the filly especially, holding him " as safe as if he were boiled." Nevertheless, I incline to tbe opinion that the beet of tbe Adelaide nags will turn up in Tim Wbiffler, who, however, has been naturalised, and may now be considered a Victorian. The golden-skinned bay is coming on apace, and I fancy would prove a much more profitable investment than, any of the other South Aus tralian bred horses. I had the pleasure of seeing Mr. Field's Bishopsbourne do a spin with New Chnm one fine morning last week, but T cannot say that I was favourably impressed with the style of the youngster, who does not lay himself down to it as I should like to see bim. No doubt he will improve as be gets into faster work; still I look upon Strop as bis master, end the victory of the Tasmamans wonld be hailed with satisfaction by myself, as they have hitherto been most unlucky in their attempts to wrest the laurels from their Tictorian and Sydney brethren. S&xbj;'s light weight is regarded with immense favour by his Tasmanian admirers, who consider his chance as second to none. My own impres sion is tbat Strop will prove the mainstay of the islanders; that from Begalia only of the Adelaide division is danger to be apprehended t and finally, that The Barb, Gulnaro, Bylong, and Tim Whiffier (a doubtful starter), are the best of the " cornstalks." But more anon. 