SELECTED POETRY. i.onofeli.OW in england. Welcome to England ! tbmi whose strains prolong The glorious bede roll of otir Saxon Song; Embassador and Pilgrim Bard in one. Fresh from tliv home— the hoino of WflRhfnolnn. On hearths as sacred as thioo own, here stands The loving welromo that thy name commands ; Hearths swept for thcc, and garnished ns a shrine By trailing garments of thy Muse divine. Poet of Nature and of Nations, know Thy fair fame spans the ocean like a bow, Bprn from the fain that falls into each life, Ivindlcd by dreams with loveliest fancies rife; A radiant arch that w ith prismatic dyes Links the two woilds, its koystnno in the skies. The noblest creatures of those dreams of thine, From Hiawatha to Evangeline, Here thou wilt find, where'er thy footRteps roam, Loved as the cherished Lares of each homo. What prouder refrain heartens to the coro Than thou bast sung in brave Excelsior? Where sounds more gladdening 'mid ibis earthly strifo Than the sweet clarions of thy Palra of Lifo ? Nono hut the rarest raconteur may grace The mimic contest where most yield ihco place, . Say which, for either, fairer wreaths produce, lrving's Astoria or thy Flower de Luce ? Which haunted hostel lures more guests within Hawthorne's Seven Gables or thy Wayside Inn ? Turning thy pictured page, what varying dyes Shine through each latticed margin's new surprisol Here the swart Blacksmith, smirched with grim and tan, Tears in his eyes, yet eVery inch a man. Here, 'mid the rice-field, heaving his laRt breath. The poor Slave-monnrch dreams himself to death. . Here, whilo without loud raves tho tempest's din, Ilere, while around the revellers brawl within, Tho dying Baron thro' the grave's dark goal Seeks Christ's redeeming passport for his sou). Who hears not now, stormed down among thy leaves, The rain that poured like cataracts from the caves, Roared through the kouneta, lashed the streaming panes, cd the squares, tho streots, the courts, the lanes, Raging like seas that o'er somo foundering wreck Swill thro the scuppers from the swimming deck? Cool, teeming, plenteous, soul-rcfresbing showers Quaffed by parched earth and by the thirsting flowers, Nor less by thoso who listened to thy song As, like Lodorc's, thy deluge dashed along. Where subtlor solace than thy gentle voice From riven hearts can draw till griefs rejoice ? Answer, what oft ropining woo o'erpowers, That lay serene, tho Reaper und the Flowers t So largo thy sympathies, thy hand cun trace Chartna in cnch clime und glory in each race ; So penctruut thy love, its gnze can find God in the flower, Ills breathing in tho wind ; Mesh with mere hempen coil iu Rope-walk spun All human joys and ills beneath tho sun ; Wako with grand echoes of rcsponsivo rhymes. Long silent notes of medirovnl chimes : Nay, hear in hush of serried arms arrayed "The diapason of the cannonade." 'Mid purgatorial fires, in heaven, in hell, Thy dauntless soul hath lately dared to dwell, Passing o'er burning-marl, whore Dante trod With Virgil's ghost, to Beatrice nnd God. Yet, rarely gifted naturo to translate, Reflect not others, thus : thyself create. Ring out onco more in thy own golden lines Life's inner meaning, not the Florentine's— Thou who hast given thy dreaniings to our sight And syllabled tho Voices of the Night ; Thou who hast sung, as none hut thou could sing, The tender legend of tho Angel-King ; Thou who around with affluent hand has thrown The heavenly largess of thy benison, Rognrding nono ns alien to thy breast- Columbia's Poet, hail ns England's Guest I C. K. The Toast or "The Press." — At public din- nors, " The Press" is regnrded as an extremely formal toast, and is generally given at the heel of tho entertainment— when peoplo arc on the move, or so "far gone" a9 to be unnble to comprehend me Fuojcct. it ino tress no in reality the ' tourln estate," nnd so thought .worthy of special com- mendation, why not give It its proper place on tho programme, after "Queen," " Lords and Com mons?" Wo remember onogontloman connected with tho institution who declined to return thanks for the toatt, on the ground that it had not been given a proper position. We bnve been led to tho abovo observations by tho following commnnica- tion from the Wuigett correspondent of tho Afait - land Mercury, Ho writes " At the recent com plimentary dinner, givon to Mr. Dangnr, M.L.A., the chairman (Mr. E. J. Sparke, J.P.) proposed ' The Press' in the following terms : — ' Gentlemen : Tho next toast is ' The Press,' nnd iD proposing it 1 may add that within the past half century the Press has mndo giant strides. It is now flfty-four yours since the first newspaper wns printed by steam ; that newspaper wns the London Times', tho circulation of which had increased to such an extent, that by handprinting its publication was not completed beforo the middle of the dny upon which it wns issued ; but upon the introduction of AppU'garth's steam printing machino it was pub lished at the rate of 200 copies per minute, or 10,000 per hour. The colonial press is making equal progress, for we have nearly sixty news, papers published in Now South Wales alone; md tho rapid nrnuncr in which news is circulated in these outlying parts, through the local press, is certainly deserving of, our warmest approbation and support. Tho newspaper is a sort of safety, valve for dangerous elements, which if left to fer ment in secret might generate a great explosion ; but when ventilated in tho open atmosphere of public opinion they mingle with conflicting ele ments and frco themselves of tbeir noxious in- tlucoce. Gentlemen, the press is one of tho nnlilp champion of freedom and popular privileges, it ' holds the mirror up to nature,' and shows Yice her own image. In times of flood and distress it wafts tho appeal for aid to tho charitable and powerfully supports the cry of the destitute. It is tiic gunrdinn of the public rights, and will do. nouncc in withering language nn encroaching or unconstitutional policy; aud, above all it is tbo palladium of British honour. The dastardly act which imperilled I'rinco Alfred's life, aud pressed so cruelly upon our character evoked our wannest expressions of loyalty and devotion, nnd it is not too much to add that these fcolings wero fostertd nnd maintained by the noblo exertions of the co lonial Press.' After this it is quite superfluous to add that tho toast wan drunk with nil the honours, nnd three groans for tho Spectator."— Freeman's Journal. Insurrection in Cochin Cjiina — An at tempt at insurrection had been made in one of the Northern districts under the Freuch, but liad been promptly and completely suppressed. It appeurs that a baud of Cambodians, Mots, Annanritcs, and Tagata, after issuing numerous proclamations, broke over the North-eastern frontier on tbo 11th July, and took the fort of Thi-tlnh, which was garrisoned by a feeble forco of imtivo militia. On the 11th, a co lumn of 100 French and 50 uativo militia, under Captain Dnnos, sturtcd from Thudoumot for Tlii-tinh, met the rebels half-way at a placo called Laikc, on the 13th July, instantly at tacked, and defeated them with considerable slaughter. On the )4tb, tho column reached Thi-tiuh, which was found abandoned and burnt by tbo rcbols, who had precipitately retreated into the witds of the Northern forests. 