TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCHES. . VICTORIA. (per grbvillb and cp, reutee's agents.) 'TOTORlAN PARLIAMENT.; > Melbourne, w Saturday evening. The Assembly in Committee of Sup ply last night.— Hn reply to ; Mr McCul ioch, - ' Mr LANGTON said that the Govern- ment did not intend to propose any item but the simple grant to Lady Darling of twenty thousand pounds. A rather acrimonious discussion ensued, during lyhicli it was apparent that there was a serious division on the Opposition side;. ' - Mr FELLOWS, in reply to several questions, positively declined to say whether the vote would be included in the Appropriation Bill of 1S67, as the Government would never consent to any interference with the free discussion of the vote in the Council. Mr HIGINBOTHAM made a highly indignant speech, but the discussion was not lengthy. ; ' The vote was ; tlien passed, and the House adjourned till Monday. The Somersetshire has arrived, after a passage of sixty-one days from land to land. She brought one hundred and forty passengers, all well. Monday evening. A monster meeting was held to-day in the Richmond paddock, after several persons marching in procession through the streets. About ten thousand (10,0001 persons were present at the meeting, where everything passed off very quietly. Delegates from various places ad dressed the meeting, speaking to four resolutions, asserting that the Governor was responsible for retaining an uncon stitutional Ministry in power ; resolving to support those representatives only who endeavored to drive Ministers from office ; deploriug tho suffering resulting from the refusal of the Council to pass three separate Supply Bills, and insisting on the payment of the Darling grant in the Appropriation Bill of 18G7, in the manner approved of by tbe country, as passing it in a Snpply Bill wa3 not according to that approval, and was not a satisfactory settlement of the question, and authorising the Loyal Liberal Association, in the event of a dissolution, to form a National Conven tion, to he composed of delegates sum moned from all parts of the colony. Tho meeting, after the sneakers bnrl fiveu vent to their feelings, dispersed iu <, moKt <juiot and orderly manner. There was no attempt at opposition. In the Assembly they were debating Langton's motion, but the House hud postponed going into Committee of Ways and Means until to-morrow, (Tuesday), McCulioch objecting. The Bombay will probably reach the Bay at 9'30 to-night, (Monday.) Tiie El Dorado. — It is now many weeks since we foreshadowed the great probability of there being trouble at the El Dorado, and of the necessity, at all events as a precautionary measure, of increasing the police force in thai locality. Our forebodings are turning out, we fear, to be but too correct. We have been credibly informed — and we are surprised that onr El Dorado correspondent does not allude to it — that on Saturday last the three men who are holding the jnmpe.l ground for Reid were attacked by a party of about twenty iu number, some of whom were armed with pick handles, and were bundled off tbe ground, and that tbe shafts they were sinking — only as an assertion of their right to occupy — were filled up. The report was certainly brought into Beech- wortli by some El Dorado men on Monday evening, but lliev have as yet laid no formal complaint. This is cer tainly not the way to assert a legal claim- If Mr Butler had been applied to ofli. cially for additional police protection we have every reason to believe it would have been granted before this. It is quite evident from the scandalous scenes described by our correspoudent.as having occurred on Sunday morning that such protection is urgently needed, and it will be stiil more needed if not afforded im mediately. Musical. — An Evening Singing Class is now in course of formation iu Beech- worth, under tho direction of Herr Schlnter and Mr Hubert Stanley. The class will be held at ihe Beeehworth Grammar School, and cannot fail to be successful under two gentlemen who are so competent and so popular. W a ng a r a t t a A g r i c u l t u r a l . — A meeting of the Ovens and. Murray Agricultural and Horticultural Society was held at the Royal Victoria Hotel, Wangaratta, on Friday afternoon. The object of the meeting was to draw up a list of prizes for the Spring Show, and desires the report brought up by the sub-committee as to the working expenses of the society. In consequence of the low state of the funds, Messrs D. H. Evans and A. J. Smith wero appointed to arrange with the Secretary, Mr Leigh, as to his resigning the office, until the iunds pf the Society are in a flourishing state. The Bowman's Forest Mill. — The christening of the new mill, erected opposite Mr Thompson's, at Murtnnngee, by the Murmungee Quarts Crushing Company will take place this day at two o'clock. If the weather is favorable a large number of persons will be present. ! The Comng Men. — It is more than likely that tin present Ministry will not ; remain in ofice after they have fulfilled their missioi, namely,"- to' ""unlock" the Treasury. Obey will not, however, 'give, up their post! until they have seen the ship. of State fairly into the :open sea.; and it is jut p.ossible that, if the extreme party, of which Messrs Higin- botham and JicCullocli form the head, and Messrs HcKean, Jones, Vale and Co., the gradually diminishing tail— if that party perseveres in keeping tho country in a stats of insolvency — the Sladen Ministiv will not budge until the eyes of the souutry are thoroughly opened. The will at all events advise the Governer ii such case to dissolve Parliament. The.coming men are, however, Messe Francis, Dnfly, Wrixon, McGregor, aud, not impossibly, Captain MacMahon. Property at "Wangaratta.— Mr Alex. Tone, auctioneer, sold recently the old store in "Wangaratta lately occupied ; by Mr ' James Slom, draper, in Murphy- street, for £300. The land contains a frontage of twemy-eight feet, this is at .the rate of about £10 per foot. The Englisi Mail. — Our Extra ordinary con tailing the news by the English Mail .was distributed all over the district yesterdaj morning. Some items wero sent to us in such an ambiguous form that the answers of the famous Delphic oraelo were quite plain compared with them. Our agents have, however, sufficiently explained tliem so far as. to clear up any doubtful points. The Mail steamer arrived in the Bay last night, and we will receive at least a portion of our letters in this district by Wed nesday's coach. The Darlinc-. Grant. — Some persons appear to fancy that the Constitutional party are yieldrig more than they ought in agreeing to tie £20.000 being passed in a Supply Bid, if it is afterwards to be inserted in the Appropriation Bill of 1S67. Wedouot yet know whether it is to bo so iuended, but certainly if tbe quarrel is now about that, we think the matter on the Constitutional side is not worth quarrelling about. What has been tbe very essence of tbe opposition to the Higin botham and McCulioch dictation ? That the minority demanded as a matter of right, and as a matter of Statute law, that tho Upper House should have tho power, not merely of rejecting, but of discussing, and, if necessary, sending back with amend ments any bill, whether money was one of its constituents oi not, if it really was a matter of national policy. It happens that the Darling grant was not merely a matter of colonial, lmt one of Imperial, policy, and, as either one or the other, was a fit subject ;br consideration in each of the three branches of the Legisla ture. When the Duke of Buckingham yielded the point as being one that might be settled by the Colonial Legislature, no man but a political trickster, or one entirely bliuded by prejudice would attempt to assert tbat be meant bv tho " Colonial Legislature," tho " Colonial Legislative Assembly." So far from it, the only distinct instruction ever given by the Duke of Buckingham to tho Governor has been that ho must not, under any circumstances, send down a message for the grant in such a shape as even to appear to coerce the Upper House. That is exactly what we Lava r.„.5ui, lui jiii mougii. So long as the Council has tho recognised right to con sider all bills containing matters of public policy — payment, of inembors, for instance — all wo have ever asked for is gained. Give it to us in tbe first placo in a separate Bill — Snpply Bill or other wise — so that the Council can say " yea" or " nay" to id, and give tho country their reasons, and we are entirely satisfied. Readings at Wangaratta. — The second of a course of popular readings took place at the Court Hons?, Wanga ratta, on last Friday evening. John Lamont, Esq., presided as chairman, and a very capital chairman he is. He stated that notwilhstanding the incle mency of tho weather he was glad to see such an excellent attendance. The committee, ho observed, determined to carry out these entertainments regularly during the winter season. The several songs and. readings were rendered in a very creditable maimer. Messrs Waymonth, Crone, Sayer, Leigh, Windham, and CouB's were the musicians, tho latter gentleman made a very piramising debut. He gave- the song of " The Bell Ringer" very effectively. " When this Cruel War is Over" was sung by Mr Sayer in the stylo of Weston, the Wizard Oil Man. Mr J. H. Thomas gave a reading from Ingoldsby, " The Ghost.'" Mr Thomas read very correctly, but be read in rather a low tone, and his utterance was too quick, and the piece selected was by far too long. Mr A. L. Ely, as Mrs Cau-lle in character, was a great hit, and brought down tho house in convulsions. The members of the Fife and Drum Band gave afterwards, in a very effec tive style, selections from Welsh airs. " Simon the Cellarer," by Mr Windham, calls for no special comment. The Rev. Mr Crone gave a reading entitled " Ho- ratius," with great olocufcionary force. But the great hit of the evening was the scena, " The Merchant of Venice," tra vestied iu character by Mr L.. Chevalier. Although opposed to the .works of the great bard being parodied, : still' \vo could not help laughing at Mr Chevalier ; he looked the Jew of Venice every inch : his make-up as the Houndsditeh old clo' man was admirable ; his by-play was excellent, and his selections from favo rite. operas were sung with good taste. Mr Chevalier's Skylock would stand a repetition. The evening's proceedings terminated with the trial scene from Pickwick. Mr A. J. Smith, as Judge Stareleigh, looked very much like Judge Barry ; Mr Ely's Mrs Elizabeth Club- bins was very comical. The Rev. J. R. Crone was immense as Sergeant Buzfuz —we should imagine lie had frequently played this part before ; Mr J. H. B. Spearing was Satn Weller, and he looked : aud played, the character- -excellently well ; Mr Wayoioutli made an efficient Winkle. We are afraid that it will be very difficult to get up sucli another night's entertainment ' again, and wo think some of last Friday evening's programme should have been left over for a future occasion. . " -New - Chtoi.— This local nag, who has got into the Melbourne Cup at a very low figure, was at his old stable at Newson's Empire Hotel, Beeehworth, last night, on his way'to Melbourne. -He started early this morning under the care -of- Davy Ross, who takes "him in hand, for that great event.- This game liorse, which is to carry the Ovens, and all its fortunes" in the great event of November next, -;has got in . at 7st 61bs, and if he cannot see either -the Barb, or the great Sydney Tiiii with lOst 41b each, , at the end of two miles, they must be wonders indeed.. New. Chum, is ..only just off ; grass, with"" his feet perfectly sound, and he might astonish the natives as much as did the celebrated Ovens-cart horse, at which all the knowing ones were laughing until he made them laugh at the wrong side of their mouths. ' Whoever has a trifle of money on him will know that it is carried by anhpnest horse under an honest owner. Spring Greek. — We : understand that nearly £50 is yearly contributed in rates to the Beeehworth Borough by rate payers living on tbe south side of Spring Creek, between tbe Albert Road and Mellish-street, and certainly we can bear out the complaints made by tbeso bur gesses that literally nothing has been done by the Council in that locality for sonic years. We direct particular at tention to the matter at present, as not only did ' the Council rather snub the idea of forming a- road parallel to High- street on the oppbsite side of the creek, but they allowthe only' path . of com munication — known as Mellish's footpath — to be in absolutely a dangerous state . for children going to and coming from ' school. When there is any kind of a flood in t'ae creek the boxes belonging to the Flaming Company are not able to carry the water, which accordingly breaks through the pathway above and over the cut thus made, and through whicli a stream sometimes runs quite strong enough to carry away a well grown boy, some person has placed a plank six or eight inches wide. Cannot the Borough Surveyor have some liing done or make the company do something to render this path at least safe. A Constitutional Association. — The public of this district, who have been looking to some of our leading men to establish a branch of tho Victorian Constitutional Association in this district have been grievously disappointed at net hearing tbat some steps have been taken. Several correspondents have lately asked us why this is so, and we can only say tbat steps — apparently dilatory, but really not so — have been taken with that view, and that the obstables which prevented it, have now been cleared away. The Association ! will be a powerful centre for the opera- ' tions of those who hold by the law in this district to assert their ideas at the ballot box. i The Murray District. — We believe ' it is more than likely that Mr Gillies ; will bo one of the candidates for the ; for the Murray District as soon as ; Mr Wilt resigns — a period which cannot be very far distant. The Chiltern Indignation Meeting. — A meeting convened by some friends of tho Mayor was held on. Saturday j evening at the Star Hotel. The object j of the meeting was two-fold ; to request I i tio Mayor to he tjraciousfy pleased not j to resign liis office, aud to slander tho I representatives of the press. On the first resolution being submitted to the i meeting, viz.: — "That the untruthful and slanderous statement made in a Beechworlk paper, by its Chiltern cor- ' respondent, against onr respected Mayor, Mr J. X. Brown, deserves Ilia unqualified contradiction aud denial <d the ratepayers of this Borough," there were about 10 in tavor, and G or 8 against it. The resolution was declared carried. For the second resolution — " That a deputa tion from this meeting bo appointed to wait on the Mayor, (consisting of the Chairman, Mr Niekluss, and Messrs Moore, Darvall, and Glccson, to request him to resume office, as he possesses the entire confidence of the ratepayers," about eight pcrsous voted. The whole proceedings lasted exactly eight minutes. It is to bo hoped that Mr J. K. Brown will feel thoroughly satisfied with the result of the meeting. The Junction Hotel. — This hotel, situated at Chris'mis Town, near the claim of the Indigo Grand Junction Mining Company, was offered for sale by auction by Mr Skenstone on Monday, at tho Star Hotel, Chiltern, but- did not find a purchaser, the amount bid for it being considered considerably below its actual value, it was consequently bought in. The Monster Meeting. — The mon ster meeting in Melbourno, held yester day, under the, auspices of tho Loyal Liberal Association, passed off quietly, and, we might add, harmlessly. The announcement that 10,000 people were present did not at all surprise us, as wherever a couple of thousand people ai'a gathered together for any political purpose, eight or ten thousand will just come there as sight seers to witness the fun. Au opeu-air meeting is always as much ot a pageant as anything else, and we attach not the slightest importance to this one. Ruthsrglen Gold Mining Company (Registered). — The mining manager reports that on getting into tho Havelock cnaiuber he found the old drive standing i for a distance of twenty feet, and beyond j that all the drive was crushed in. On I examiuiug the tiinoer in the drive found ! it was all too light, and considered it was cheaper to drive iu wash in new ground than rebuild the old drive, the roof being very soft. The cross drivo west \vas driven 4Q leet. Nine sets in work yielded lOoz 12dwts.., June 26th, the main drive has been driven 42 feet,' chambers included. Six sets in work yielded 6oz 15dwts (in this was a 7dwt nugget). The reef being very hard could not mako much progress iu this drive. The cross drive east was driven 83 feet in the reef, and the parallel main drivo 344 feet ; total driving for> the fortnight, 199G feet. New Insolvent.— Daunt Christian Harrison, J amieson, hotelkeepar. Debts £189 8s 2d ; assets, £8 13s ; deficiency, £1S0 15s 21. Causes of insolvency : Losses in business in tlie year 1865, and '! pressure of a creditor for debts then I due. H. S.; Shaw, official assignee. 