as I said to my own congregation the other even ing, that in parting with you I would not like to say or think of saying with Paul, -'I am dear from the blood of all men.' I hope I am. I hope I am. Uod forgive ma if lam not Hut Paul might say that. I got down In the dust, and with' my bouI humbled before Uod. I aay. ' God be merciful to me a sinner,' and God blesa you, my dear frifinda. and save you alL JUay you receive Hu grace; may you live happy in the enjoyment of Mia love, and then may we at laat meet at His rifzht hand above.- ? ... During thR delivery of the rev. gentleman a discourse the congregation were much affected, and a feeling of deep interest waa evoked. At the dose The ordinance of the Lord's Supper was admina tered to a large number of conioiunicanta. FAHSWSlS. llKSTISa AND TE3TIUOSTAL. A valedictory meeting to the Rev. J. Watsford was held on Monday evening* April 6, in the Pirie ?treet Chapel, which though the weather wa3 wet and boisterous was largely attended. The proceed ing* were opened with singiug and prayer. Mr. J. JJ. Uacs, one of thestenardsof the North Adelaide Circuit presided, and appropriately in troduced the Kev. J. Watsford. who was on the point of leaving the colony for his new sphere of labour at Ballar.it. The Kev. J. WAT.iFOBD, who on rising was warmly cheered, repeated Uie substance of |a com , preiiensive lecture before delivered by him on his experiences in south Australia. A hymn was then sang by the choir and con gregation. Ilia Kev. J. (J. flllLLAKD expressed his thanks to the Kev. Mr. Watsforu for hia labours, and ha hope that his future career would be even more pre-eminently a-eful than lus p.ist work in the ministry. He had known Mr. Watsford since the year 1&9, and he had always considered his peculiar characteristics to bo his intense gymputhy with the work of God. He believed he Hal been pre eminently useful in winning souls to Christ. (Cheers.) And he further believed that his ministerial labours at B&Uar;&t; would be attended with similar bleued results. (Applause.) The Kev. Henby Bath, as a young man, spoke very wartniy of Mr. WaUfoid's high character aa Chairman of the District. The Secrbtaby (Mr. G. W. Cotton) then read the following address:— 'To the Ker. Joha Watsford, Chairman of the South Australian District of the Wesleyan Methodist Church in Australasia. 'Kiverend and dear Sir— Now that it has fallen to you, by the appointment of Conference, to leave ?ihU colony after a residence of six yean, during tlus whole of which time you have held the office of (Jnairmin of this District, we, on behalf of the Wealeyan Methodist Church in this colony, desire to present to you a few parting words. In review ing 'ho past we remember how, on your first arrival among us, the Great Master poured forth His Spirit, and many souls were brought to Himself in the place where we are now assembled, as well as throughout the Circuit and District; how you engaged the attention and arrested the sympathies of the young and the enquiring, and fouuded one of the most flourishing x*oun;r Meu*s Associations for mutual improvement that has ever been raised up in this colony, and by attractive and instructive lectures sustained the interest first awakened, whilst these lectures, ?vhit'i have cost you so much time and labour to yrepa.-e, have been gratuitously and cheerfully given to aid the funds of any of our Societies thro «hout the colony ; and up to this day you have in various wayi brought into operation the maxim so long acknowledged, that in the Methodist Church there a work far every man, and every minfor his work- a truth that never failed to ensure success. Nor can we ever forget how you sought to perfect and bring to a practical result the long-entertained desire of South Australian Metho dists for a College- second to none in the colonies, for the purpose of imparting a sound education in connection with our own denominational views, till the first stage of the College buildings has been complete!, and the date of opening the Collegiate School fixed ; moreover, with the same object of religious and social enlightenment, assisted by the cordial co-operation of our ministers and many of our leading members, you have succeeded in establishing a Book-room and a magazine, thus affording easier access to the Wesleyan literature of the fatherland, and a medium for the inter change of thought within our own border. 'But while conducting all these arduous under takings, aud caring for the general welfare of the Church of which you had the oversight, you have never for a moment Uwt sight of the special work of the ministry to save souls from death, so that your own naturally robust health hat more than onco been endangered, and the Church has had to pray you to forget for a moment the urgency of the present that you might be spared for work in the future. As a small token of our esteem we now beg your acceptance of a testimonial gift of £l20 subscribed by friends residing in various parts of the district, who in this way wish to show their appreciation of your valuable labours while amongst us. ' We coy, in tho name of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, meet you probably for the last time in tltU house of Uod, where we have so often together realized Ilia presence, and unitedly join in fervent prayers to Him for Hid richest blessing upon yourself, ilrs. VVataford, and family, and that walking in the light of God's countenance you may continue to turn many to righteousness, and thus by a Divinely-appointed consequence 'shine aa the stars for ever and ever' in that Heaven to which for the sake of our Great Redeemer we all hope to attain and to be for ever with the Lord. On behalf of this Wesleyan Methodist Church in this colony, ' We are, Kev. and dear Sir, ' Yours faithfully and affectionately.' [Here followed the names of the Committee.] Sir. J. tJoyroN preseuted the testimonial re ferred to, which he said had been subscribed by a large number of friends in the several circuits, who hud given from Is. and upwards; and it was con tained in a purse worked by a lady of the congre gation, with the initials of the £sv. Mr. Wataford wrought upon it. tie believed that those friends of otiier denominations who thought that Mr. Wutsfunl ha i doue them an injustice would not think so if they knew the kind spirit in which his remarks were made, and that they were intended for their beueiit. (Applause.) It was of great ad vantage to hive an outspoken friend and though an \\*'orijs rnigtyt sting sharply, they generally did a great deal of good, lie had never known a minister, except pgrhaps the Uev. Mr. Draper, with whom he could so cordial)!' co-operate as th3 Rev. Mr. Watsford. He waa a min of one purpose— the best interests of the Church. IJls sympathies $rere with South Australia ever since his arrival, an-£ be was confiden; that he never would and never could forget them after he had gone away. tCheeri.) After some further remarks he read the following:— The tSook Committee has directed the Secretary to obtain Dr. \Y. Smith's Dictionary of the Bible, in three volume ; and the Classical Dictionary, cou?DI'ei from the six larger volumes of Antiqui lies-uii uniformly half-bound— and present the same to the *&-'. John Watsford, in each volume of which the fouling legend is to be .inscribed :- 'Presented to the H«Yi John Watstord by the Committee of tha Wealeyan Book Depot, Adelaide, as a token of their appreciation of his valuable and disinterested services as Book Steward aince the formation of the Book Depot -G. V}. Cotios, Secretary. By order and on behalf of the Com mittee.' The Rev, J. Watb-obd heartily thanked the Committee and his friends for their great kind ness. When he came to the colony it was with a determination to try to sava souls, and hs believed he hod been instrumental in doing so to a. great extent tie had stuck to his original intention, without going much out of the way. He Ji.ad connected himself with the Young Men's Association, and he had made that also subservient to his principal design of saving souls, and the same was true [u respect to his connection with the College. With regard to the Book Depot, he had interested hunselfin it, because he felt anxious that their young people should have the use of a carefully-selected number of books. They were specially required in their Sabbath-schools. ile was glad to say that tha Cullega was in a fair way of ' becoming a great success, and -that the Book Depot was deci dedly successful. (Cheers.) He believed that Uod was blessing their labours -that He was abundantly blessing the Methodist Churches; and 'if God be for us, who can be against usT (Uheetti.) He believed that if they not only preached the Gospel, but depended upon the influ ences of the Holy Ghost; the work would be God'B work, and the result must be that souls would be aaved. He heartily thanked them ior the address, and also for the purse. It was very acceptable, for he was not a rich man, and he supposed he never should be till some rich uncle died and left him a fortune. (Laughter.) And he fancied that his wife would say that even then he Would not long remain wealthy. (Laughter.) In the kindness of his people he recognised the kindness of his Heavenly Father, blessed be liig Aoiy Name, fie was going to Ballarat, where, he dared to say, he should soon become a Ballarat man. He would there, as he had here, speak plainly what he felt. He could not help it, for somehow or other there was not a bit of fi ittery in him. (Cheers ) He tried to be hone«t to all, but he could not cringe to any; and he had never made any distinction between rich and poor. (Loud applause.) If at any time, however, he was led to say a wrong word, no one was more sorry for it than himself. It hail often brought him on his knees, and filled his eyes with tears, until he knew that --od had forgiven him. He would remember hu doar friends till the latest period of his life. He prayed that God would bless and save them for ever. (Loud applause.) Mr. Jambs Scott moved a vote of thanks to the Rev. Mr. Wauford for hia lecture, which iras seconded by Mr. J. D. Hlix, and supported by Mr. Wit. KlNa. Ifach of these gentlemen expressed his high esteem for the Bev. Mr. Watsford, and their appreciation of his ministerial labours in the colony. Mr. J. Coltos stated, in reference to the donation of books, that they could not be obtained in South Australia, but arrangements had been made for transmitting them to Mr. Watsford as early as possible. 'The cost would be about £8 or JE1O.' The Chairman stated that at the special sugges tion of the Kev. Mr. Watsford the first camp meetingin the colony washeld about a twelve month ago, and ha believed that its beneficial influence Was felt throughout the length and breadth of the colony. He had always felt it an hr.nour and a privilege to labour with such a man. (Cheers.) The motion was carried with applause. The Kev. Mr. Watspoed, in responding, said he had delivered many lectures in South Australia, and that harl afforded him opportunities of saying things which he could not have said from tho pulpit. A good deal had been said about hu lecture on ' Courtship and Marriage,1' but he had reasons for believing that it hail done a great deal of good; and he was glad to add also that it had realized more than £500. (Cheers.) A vote of tharkstothe Chairman waa moved by Mr. Koach, seconded by Mr. .Rhodes, and carried. The Chairman stated that the £500 referred to by the Bev. Mr. Watsford as having been realized by the delivery of one of his lectures was not received by him, but by the various Societies on behalf of which he lectured. All his lectures were delivered gratuitously, although their preparation Was the result of much time and thought. He thanked them for tha vote of thanks they had conferred upon him. The proceedings, which lasted two hours and a half, were terminated with the doxology and the apostolic benediction. DKi'ARTUItF. OF TilH HEV. J. WATBFORD. A tea and public mcetiiiir, mulur the auspice* of the Association fur Wotliin^ Men, held in Arulicr street Schoolroom, wns a.ven on .-'ntunLy ovrnlnir. Atiril 4, to take leave of the l'ev. John Wiitsfurd. who nan occupied ;i Mimetviial prominent poaltum in connection with the Association. Until the tea and cventnj; im'dinu* wen- attended !-.v a large number if peroin, and o\cr the latter Mr. \V. II. Sliurlnud presided. ! roceedir.gi having been opened in the ukuuI way, The Chairman rcrairif d that he nhnuld fed tho departure of Mr. W autord very much. Uu had had the privilege of uttiiiK under hint in two circuits, and looked upon him an a dear friend who wwiild ever have an abiding place in hit* heart. Air. Watuford would leave many friends behind him, nnd they would never M't; the full develop ment of the xued which he hud sown until the last great day; but there were many now utnoiiuHt them who would then shiuo at the riuht biuiil ot Uod- who would lmvo cuuho to Mess the day that the Rev. John Watsfor.l citmo mnoiipt them aa their minister. (A.pt)!,iu*e.) The object, r,f tbu Association with which they wrre OMnected wm to promote the intercHU of work'.dR men, nnd it had been instituted l-y Mr. Witihfurd as tonnlliK a safeguard ugniiifct intemperance. Mr. WATttPOHD then delivered a short aildrcBi, stating that bo had felt ({rent intercut in tho move ment. Hu knew the institution hud been made a blessing to some, and he piayed that it, might be made a blexMiii; to many more. Hu believed in a Gospel ministry- in men being set apart for the work ; hut his opinion ul ways had been that every member of the Church ought tn bo at work iu laving bouIs. (Apjilaiise.) There wuh work miuiiBh in this city for all tho churchen, and he ri Juiced in the success of ull, whoever worked, if it was for CJiriHt ; and he thanked (kid when the Inhuiiro of others were ulefwi'd and thev wero made Instru mental in Having pouIr. Thero wan a great work for their fcinalo frienik Ho hoped they would remember that. Ho did not anprovo ol ladies in the pulpit; hut there were many wretched and ruined ones in their city whom no one else could act upon, work which could not be done by the mala memhera of tho Church, and he rejoiced to know that there were luauy lauies workips iu this way. He went uwny from hi» connection with the Chut eh thero with mnny regrets nnd deep fcelrug. Ho had not lubotirt-u in vain or spent his MrenKth nltOKuther for iiotwht. but he had not seen that success which he should have liked; yet thanked -lod that nome Rood had been accomplished, and it wan with Die feeling he had tried to do his ln- st in Bouih Australia that he went away. He hoped thev would put forward their views on temperanco with ull tenipciautn and moderation, as he believed a great deal of harm had been done to the caima by flettinjj down chris'ianmenand ministers who did not nee oh they did, as aRcntH of the devil. People to he con vinced must be drawn and not driven. It wan IiIk opinion that the riiurctie* of Bimth Australia, independently of the temperance movement, on^ht to join together us far uu ilxy pnagihlv nmW to obtain a Permissive Kill, ah they were iloiw In Knglarid~(«pi-lau*i-)-niid lie Imped the member* of the Temperance Society would keep thin in view. A. glorious chatiKC would then result, nucli an they little anticipated white merely talking about tt. He parted from the Annotation, iirnj ing that tbeu work miuht lio litcRuml tu tb« xiilvnlimi nf tnunw around. (Applause) After n Nlmrt nddrea* by Mr. W. Calet, Mr. J. B. Hack Kitd, as senior member of thn Association, he had to present him with an address, as they wished him to catry nwiy Borne tamiible token of tl e eiteem and gratitude they felt lutvardu him for the manner in which he hnd conducted tho Association. He then read as follows :— ' To the Kev. John Watsfortl - We the uiiilunigneil, oti behalf of the Workinu Men's Association of North Adelaide, wihIi to present to you our farewell acknowledgment* of the iti\i--c» you havo hv your energy and perseverance rendered to it. Ilavinje become convinced of the mat need which exists for effort on tho part of the Church to »rre»t the cause ui iniempcraucn and view consequent upon the use- of inUwtCRtiiiK liquoiv, you otigHinUil tho meeting whku lmvo now been held for hu uitrny montlm on ihn Saturday evening, with ihe view of iiffordinjr to th%e who wiih to epcane from thu evils nriniug from inU'in perance. and those who feel likeyoum-lf de iioua of ouisting in so «nod a work-an opportunity of bearing the opinion* uf pernoiiB interested in the cause, mid of enrolling their iiamcRas ineinber» of the Working Men's Awociation pinned la total abstinence. We congratulate you uhouth you a*e pawing away from smuneBt us) on tie nicceas which has, in many instnnccfi, utUDdcl the etJbrU put forth, nnd on the number- now 1&)— who have enrolled their names as total nbntaliiers. Our desire i« that the Churches may bo aroused to the necessity of enterinu the held gainst the common foe of mankind- inttmpciance-nnd that wherever you mav I* called to labour you may be ohletoiarryonthfgood work in which you and Una Association have 1* en engaged, and ever find around you co-workers in the cause. Wishing you arid \our family every Missing promised to thow who serve the LAd nnd keep J Jin con nundmeiitl.. ' We remain, your su cere friend*,' (Signed by 14 members ou behalf of the AsbocLi. Mr. Watsfobd, in a tew words, frelingbr ti- piessed hi« thanks for the tmtimonlal, wuiriuK them that he nliould preatly value -t The meeting wai lubieriurnily briefly iriiiresppd V-y Messrs. John Uimehy, W. Sen It, T. Mol.in, W. King, iun., H. Bakewel! and the Kev. Mr. Woith. and, after the votes usual on such occasion* to tlio ladies for providing the tea, th« choir, aud tha Chairman, the proceedings cU-i-ed. Fakkweu. Sermon. In connection with the anniversary leivieei of the Houth Adelaide Ueolcynn 8uiiriay-Bchnol Union, the Kev. J. Wat-ford preached hi a farewell gennnn on Punday evening, April 6, jo Pirie-strcit , Weskywi Church. Xne edlDco was crowded aimoat to suflocution. Idng the largest cotigiegationcm asRcrubled tl.eic mnce Mr. Taylor's vii-lt. The rev. pentlcman discoutned from 2nd Corinthians, vl I— ' We then, as workers together wiih Mini, beseech you also that ye receive not the grace of Uod la vain.' The sernww w»» a very practical ono, mi4 concluded thus— Let me soy to you, my dear friends. ?' that my earnest prayer u that you all may b» saved. I have felt it very difficult to-night to speak at all to you, but I do luott earnestly pray that God may dIcis you, and that God's Mit blessing may rest upon you all. IsayLeieto- xugbtfc 