' LONGFELLOW IN ENGLAND." THE following excellent verses which appeared in the Times on July 2, as a welcome to Professor Long fellow, were generally attributed to Mr. Charles Ittngsloy. Thy there written by Mr. Charles Kent. we come to England 1 thou whose Strains prolong The glorious bed-rock or our Saxon song Ambassador and Pilgrim-Bard in one, Fresh from the home-the home of Washington. On hearths as sacred as thine over, here stands The tor ing vi become that thy name commands ; Hearths swept for theo and garnished as a shrine the trailing garments. of the MUBO divine. Foot or Nature and of Nations, know Thy fair fame spans the ocean like a bow, Born from the rain that falls into each line, Kindled by dreams with her latest fancies rife A radiant arch that with prismatic dyes Liners the two worlds, its keystone in the skies. ? Ino noblest creatures of those dreams of thine, From Hiawatha to Evangeline, ' here thou wilt find, where'er thy footsteps roam, Loveday the cherished area of each home. What prouder refrain heartens to the core Then thou hast sung in brave Excelsior Where sounds more gladdening 'raid this earthly strife than the sweet cartons of thy Psalm of Life 1 None but the rarest raconteur may grace The Tolmie contest where most yield thee place. ) gas; which, for either, fairer wreaths produce, a Irring'B Astoria of the Flower de Luce t Valen haunted hostel Three more guests within, Hawthorne's burn Gables or by Wavalde Ion! Turning the pictured page, what varying dyes Shine through each latticed margins now surprise Here the Bwart Blacksmith, scorched with grime and tan, Tears in his eyes, yet every inch a man. Here, 'mid the ice-field, having his last breath, The poor slave monarch dreams himself to death. More, while without loud raves the tempest's din, Here, where around the rev close brawl within, no dying Baron thro' the grave's dark goal Seeks Christ's redeeming passport for his soul. Who hears not now, stormed down among the leaves, The rain that poured like cataracts from the caves, Boated through the kennels, lashed the streaming panes, flooded the squares, the streets, the courts, the lanes, Raging. like Peas that o'er Forno foundering wreck Swill thro' the trappers from the swimming deck is Cool, teeming, plenteous, soul refreshing showers (limited by parched earth and by the thirsting flowers, Corless by those who listened to thy song As, IlLo I adore B, thy deluge dashed along, there subtler solace than thy gentle voice From river hearts can draw till griefs rejoice 1 Answer, what eft repining woo overpowers That lay serene, the Reaper and the Flowers ? be large they sympathies thy hand can trace Charms in each clinic and glory in each race for penetrant thy love, its gave can Maa Gea in the House r, His breathings in the wind ; Mesh with mere hempen coll In rope-walk spun All human joys and ills beneath the sun, Wake with grand echoes of responsive rhymes Long silent notes of medical al chimes -, Nay, hear in hush of serried crop arrayed The diapason of the cannonade " 'Mid purgatorial fires, in heaven, in hell, Thy dauntless soul hath lately dared to dwell, Passing o'er burning earth, where Dante trod With Virgil's ghost to Beatrice and God. Yet, rarely gifted nature to translate, Reflect not others, thus thyself create Ring out once more in thy own golden lines Life's inner meaning, not the Florentines Thou who hast given they dreaming to our sight And syllables the Voices of the Might. Thou who hast sung, as none but thou could sing The tender legend of the Angel-King Thou who around with affluent hand halt thrown The heaven!) largess of thy benison, Regarding none as alien to thy breast Columbia's Poet, hill as England's Guest. CK. 