LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF ST. MARY'S ROMAN CATHOLIC CATHEDRAL. From tb'o Empire,' December 9th. YESTERDAY, at noon, the benediction and the ceremony of laying the foundation stone of St. Mary's Cathedral, according to the Roman Pontifical service, took place in the presence of' a large multitude of persons of all ranks, and of different creeds. The wea ther was delightful. The day selected was theFestival of: the Immaculate Conception of her in whose honour the Cathedral is to be named. It" is 'not much: more that three years since.a conflagration destroyed the old Cathedral, which had for years been the pride of the Roman Catholics of this colony. The calamity was so unexpected and dis heartening'to our fellow-citizens of the Ro-. man Catholic Chuch-and so universally regretted by the colonists generally- that person's of nearly every religious persuasion united in practical sympathy towards re building on the ruins of the former Cathedral an edifice of superior grandeur and strength. At that time there was a spirit of charity and religious tolerance evoked which, un happily, has been rudely shaken by recent events. It was therefore with mingled feel ings of pride and gratification on the-part of Roman Catholics that when the foundation stone was to be laid they saw people of nearly every denomination in attendance to witness the ceremony. At an early hour the bells of St. Benedict's were ringing joyfully,. and by 10 o'clock the principal streets of the city were alive with visitors from the country, including not only Catholics, but many of the other creeds in holiday attire.,?, By Roman Catholics, the event will be looked upon 'as perhaps the most auspicious that has occurred in the history of their church in this colony, the more especially as the local head of their denomination, Who was so intimately linked with all the pleasing a'ssociations of the old Cathedral, has bten spared by Divine IWis dorn to lay and bless the foundation stone of the new one. : . His Grace the?- Venerable Archbishop Poldingaccompanied by the Roman Catholic Bishops of -Maitland, Bathurst, Goulburn, and Enos; the Roman Catholic clergy of the archdiocese, and by a large number of clergy from*'the interior, assembled in the pro-Cathedralahoitly after 10 o'clock, where they vested the Archbishops and Bishops in cope, mitre, &c.; The Archbishop carried his pastoral staff. The procession was formed in the pro- Cathedral and moved shortly be-. fore 11 o'clock, towards the site of the new building; headed by the cross-bearer and acolytes, who were followed by a number of san'ctuary boys.: Then came the clergy and the deans the bishops vested in cope, mnitre, &c.;, and his Grace the Archbishop vested' over his rach'et with amice, alb, girdle, stole, cope, plainimitre, and carrying the pastoral staff or crozier. The Archbishop was.im-a mediately preceded by the archiepiscopal cross-bearers and acolytes. They entered the grounds, by. the gate facing St. Mary's Road, and proceeded direct to the platform, which had .been specially erected for" the' accommodatiori of those who weret'o take part in the ceremony. At this moment the site was gran'd. Among, the :spectatois were to be noticed hundreds of' our 'more prominent citizens,. hundreds of gaily dressed lidies, and a dense. mass of our Catholie fellow- citizens. Thee ceremony commenced shortly after 11 o'clock. The Archbishop, having laid aside his crozier and mitre, began the prayers and invoked a blessing on the salt and water to be used on the occasion. After the usual prayeres had been said, the Archbishop put the salt into the .water in the form of a cross and said when so doing, "Let there be made a mingling of salt and water equally. Inothe.nanmeof toe Father, and of the Son and of the Loly Ghost. Amen." This being done, his Grace then said the following prayer:----" God, the Author of unconquered strength, and King of insuperable majesty, ever gloriously triumphing, Who dost crush' the power of all adverse domination, and subdue the cruelty of the roaring enemy, Who (lost mightily vanguish hostile wicked ness, Thee, O Lord, trembling and sup pliantly, we beseech and ask that thou mayest vouchsafe to look upon this creature of salt and water, benignly to shine upon it and to sanetify it with the dew of Thy goodness: that .wherever it shall - be sprinkled,lby the in vocation of thy holy-name, all the molesta tion obf the tinclean spirits may be removed, and ithe terror of the venomous serpent may be driven far away, and the presence of the Holy Spirit mlay vouchsafe every wlhre to be present to us beseeching Thy mnercy." Through our Lord Jesus Christ Thy'Son, who liveth and reigneth with Thee, in the unity of the same Holy Spirit, God, world miithout end. Amen." Then his Grace put on his mitre and the cathedhal choir, assisted by the choirs from other, churches chanted the antiphon Signum salutis pone, Domine Jesu Chriete in luco isto, et non permittas introire as-' gelum percntieritem;" and the '83rd Psalm in Latin. -" , : " r The antiphonandpsalm being ended, h1i Grace, standinig' towards the place,. to be sprinkled by him, his-mitre being laid aside offered another prayer beseeching the Al.: mighty to visit-this place through the inter ceeding merits of the Blessed Mary ever Virgin, and of all Saints, with the serene watchfulness of His goodness, and purifiy it, by the infusion of His Grace from all pollu tion and keep it purified; and as He fulfilled the devotion of his well-beloved David, in the work of his son Solomon, so in this work vouchsafe to perfect their desires, and may all spiritual wickednesses be driven away from hence. Through our Lord Jesus Christ, Thy Son, who liveth.and reigneth with Thee in the unity of the Holy Spirit, God, world without end. Amen. The Archbishop having ascended the plat form and being surrounded by the Suffragan iasiops, the clergy, and laity, the Rev. P. Iaisanti preached a most eloquent sermon, .appropriate to the occasion. E After the seimon Messrs W. Convey and J. Mullens approached the Archbishop, and on behalf the laity, presented his Grace with a golden trowel. The Archbishop, followed by the Suffra gans and clergy, then walked in procession round the foundations of the future Cathe dral, the choir chanting the usual antiphon and psalm, and sprinkled with the water he had blessed first the place where the cross was placed near the chief stone, and then the foundations. This having been done, his Grace came to the foundation stone, which he blessed, and again sprinkled pray ers being also offered. Then taking the golden trowel his Grace marked the stone in each part with the sign of the cross, saying -In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Afterwards, some carpet was placed upon the ground, and on it a fald-stool, on which the Bishop, having put on his mitre, k'nelt down. Then were said the "Litanies of the Saints," which being ended, the Bishop having laid asie his mitre, rose, and stand ing towards the foundation stone, offered another prayer. Mortar having been provi ded, and the mason being at hand, his Grace with his mitre on began (the choir following him), the antiphon " Mane Surgenes Jacob Erey jat, &c.;, and psalm CXXVI. His Grace standing with his mitre, then touched and properly adjusted the first stone in the foundation saving this prayer, "In the faith of Jesus Christ, we set this first stone in the foundation; in the name of the Fa ther, and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost that true faith may flourish here and the fear of God, and brotherly love, and that this place may be devoted to prayer, and to the invocation and praise of the name of the same Jesus Christ our Lord, who with the, Father a id the Holy Ghost, liveth'who and; reigneth, God, world without end. Amen.e In a cavity underneath the foundation: stone were depositedj copies of the Herald, Empire, Freeman's Journal and Everiing News When the foundation stone, upon :which was a suitable inscriprion, had oeen laid; and the ceremony of sprinkling with holy water concluded, The Hon. J. Plurikett'then read and presented an address, appropriate to the occassion. TheArchbishop then read hiswritten:reply. Crowds of people, lingered onr the spot,]. and nearly £2000 was collected in aid of the building. 