THE NEWS OF THE DAY. ? Tho Kaikoura, with the Panama mail, ar rived at Sydney at four o'clock p.m. yesterday. The intelligence seems to have been almost entirely anticipated by the news via Snee. The only notable European event mentioned is the serions illness of the Emperor Napoleon. His Majesty seems to hare recovered soon, and will probably take more care ol himself, since he has discovered the universal interest taken in his health. From America we learn that the preparations for the impeachment of President Johnson had been completed, and that the trial was to take place on the 13th of March. An adjourned meeting of the supporters of tho M'Culloch Administration will be held at the Treasury at half -past ono o'olock this after noon. At the Cabinet meeting hold yesterday, a deoision was arrived at which will be sub mitted to hon. members prior to tho assembling of Parliament/ which takes place at four o'clock. Tho sitting of the City Council yesterday afternoon was protracted until a very late hour. Some discussion arose in reference to the seat occupied by Aid. Hughes. It appears that he recently made an assignment of his partnership estate, and it was considered that the act amounted to a compounding with his creditors, aud that therefore his seat had become vacant. Mr Hughes explained that he had not assignod his private estate, and that the deed of assignment specially protected it. Under the circumstances it was doubtful whether the assignment warranted tho council in declaring the seat vacant, and the matter wa3 referred to tho legislative committee. Aid. Hnghes has in the meantime taken counsel's opinion on tho subject. Tho valuation of the city was adopted, and a town rate of Is and a lighting rate of 4d in the pound were struck. It was resolved to complete tho building of the Collins-street frontage of the Western Market at a sum not exceeding £1500. The tender of Mr Georgo Robinson in the sum of £8333 for the lease of the general markets for the current year was accepted. In the Equity Court yesterday, Judge Molesworth gave two reserved decisions. In Learmonth and others v.'Morris and others, he declared that; the /plaintiffs wore entitled to. demand tho specific-performance of s. contract entered into by the defendants for the sale of a puddling claim at Mount Egerton. His Honor's second judgment was in Seal v. The Webster-street Freehold Company (Ballarat), refusing an application mado for an attach ment of tho ofiice-bearers in tho company de fendant, for their alleged breach of an injunc tion restraining them from allowing their sludge to flow over the plaintiffs' land. News of a destructive hnrricano in Mauritius has been brought by tho French war steamer Aveyron, and tho dissemination of it created great excitement in the sugar market yesterday, as may he seen by our commercial columns. Public meetings in connection with tho Loyal Liberal Reform Association will he held during tho present aud following week, at Prahrau, Collingwood, Brunswick, North Mel bourne, Richmond, Emorald-hill, Brighton and Williamstown. Tho date of tho several meetings will bo duly notified. In another column will be found a return of tho estimated receipts and expenditure of the Corporation of tho City of Melbourno, from tho 1st of January to the Slst of December, 1868. A few stragglers looked in at tho Albion Sub scription Betting-rooms last evening, hut nothing was backed, although for tho Sydney Gold Cap Tim Whiffler, Glencoe and Fire works were most favorably spoken of, tho prises being entiroly ruled by Sydnoy quotations. Lieutenant Symons, who sustained au acci dent after theprivate steeplechase at Caulfieid on Saturday, appears to have bien more seriously hurt than was at first supposed. We are glad to learn that no fatal result is apprehended, but it will bo a long time before tho sufferer is able to ho 'about' again. Nothing has since been heard of Mr Sohafer, of South Yarra, who so suddenly disappeared on Thursday evening. Tho most rational supposition is that, having to proceed from Fitzroy to his house at South Yarra, ho crossed the Richmond-paddock, and instead of going direct to the new bridge over tho Yarra at the Botanical Gardens, inadvertently con tinned on the old raised footpath which leads, to the site of tho old bridge, and now terminates at tho river's edge. Mr Schafor was rather a thoughtful, absent-minded man at times, and thus very likely to have met his fate in this manner. Still, any person in the full possession of his faculties might be lured to death by a pathway ending so dangerously. It is to ba hoped that the authorities will at once see that somo fencing is pat-op, so as to prevent any further catastrophe. i ? Tho executive coinmitteo' of the; Princo' Alfred Hospital, in Melbourne, notify, that they are desirous of receiving tho naiiies of. gentle- men willing to co- operato with' thom in eppa mitteo work. A notice to this effect appears in our advertising columns. At the mooting of the Prahran Council last ovening, a petition was received from butchers resident in the borough, representing the want of sufficient accommodation at tho local abat toirs, and requesting that somo better arrange ments might ho made. Tho document also prayed that steps might ho taken to repoal tho prohibition against butchers slaughtering on their own promises. Tho council referred tho memorial to tho health committee. Tho health committeo of tho City Council have instructed the Town Clerk to take legal proceedings against Messr3 Fieldhouso Brothers, of Howard-street, and Messrs Tonson and Hill, of Lygou-strcet, fiock manu facturers, for carrying on 'noxious businesses.' ' The objections raised by tho health officer, Dr. Girdlestone, to tho operations car ried on by those firms, aro not of such a press - ing nature as to ustify any harsh measures, considering tho lenioncy exhibited towards more serious offenders against the Public Health Act. The woollen rags in the process of being torn to pieces are submitted to a strong blast which drives off tho dust, tho lighter portions ascending a chimney carriod high abovo tho premises, where they mingle with the air. There no thing in the manufacture of floe* offensive to the senses, at all events. The rags are just as dirty as these received into Mr Ramsden's paper mill, where they undergo a somewhat similar process of cleaning. Tho residents in the imme diate neighborhood oxperiencono ill effects from tho vicinity of the works, whilst many complain of much greater inconvenience during the sum mer months from tho neglect of the city au thorities to water tho streets. Tho premises of Messrs Tonson and Hill havo been erected about fivo years, and been ever since in active - operation without complaint. There is a curious contrast between Dr. Girdlestone's zeal in this matter and his remissness in . cases of thoroughly disgusting and detrimental nuisances. Tho land in Batman's Swamp upon which the Melbourne Gas Company's works are erected will be offered for sale by the Govern ment auctioneers, Messrs Gemmell, Tuckett and Co., this afternoon. The land comprises 10 acres 3 roods and 8 perches, the upset prioo of which is fixed at £100 per acre. Tho land is, however, subject to the payment of a sum of £123,000, the valua tion put upon tho company's works. Tho right of tho Government to dispose of this land was brought under tho notice of the City Council yesterday, by tho Town Clerk. Mr Fitzgibbonwas rather severely taken to task by some members of the council for delaying to in vite the attention ot tlie uity uouneu to me sine at an earlier period. The excuse was that ho was not aware of the land being offered for sale until after tho last meeting of the conncil. This is Eomewhat disingenuous on tho part of Mr Fitzgibbon, as he, in the letter he addressed to a contemporary, dated 27th March, acknow ledges that tho Commissioner of Crown Lands had declared to him his intention to sell tho land, to which he at the timo raised objections somewhat similar in their nature to the communication he read before tho City Council. The conditions upon which tho Government is to bo asked t9 dispose of the Gas Company's land are similar to those imposed upon Mr Williams, viz., 10 per cent, interest per annum, the im provements to be valued by arbitration. This is not what Mr Fitzgibbon desires, hut it will, perhaps, be considered the most equitable arrangement, alike for the Government and the City Council, and will probably ho acceded to. Disagreeable rumors aro afloat respecting an individual named Compton, recently a ' marine clerk ' in tho service of a Melheurne Firo nnd Marino Insuranco Company. Mr Compton, having severed his connection with the estab lishment, proceeded to Now Zealand by tho Claude Hamilton, on 21st inst., and no suspicion of wrong- doing seems to havo existed at the timo of his departure. Since then, however, it is said that, some defalcations have come to light, and the matter has consequently been placed in tho hands of tho detectives. Perhaps ono of the most disgraceful cases over brought before the courts of thi3 colony was heard yesterday at the' District Court. An application was made on behalf of a man named Rawlings, landlord of tho Hotel de France, to set aside a protection order granted to his wife. The husband was ex amined at length, and admitted ^ having lived unhappily with his wife in con tequoiico of her intimacy with a man named Barrett, He had accepted £100 from her to leave Launceston, where they wore residing, and had come to this colony in 1SGG. A few loathe later ho met his wife in Melbourne, and, becoming reconciled to her, returned with her to Lauucestou. After a while he once more bicamo dissatisfied with Barrett and Ins wife. The latter offered' him £100 to leave lier with her paramour. Exwlings de manded £500, but evontually accepted the £100, making over to Barrott all Ins interest iu nu hotel in Linncestcn, in trust for his wife, as he stated. Daring the last few weeks Mrs Rawting3 anl Barrett havo ar rived iu Melbourne, and the husband now sought to have the order set aside. In crossexamina ? £jgn Rawlings admitted that ho was li\ mg with another woman, whom ho had taken to New Zealand and introduced as his wife. The hencli, without hearing the wife's attorney, dismissed the caso with £'2 2 s costs. Dr. Yonl held an inquest yesterday, at Fitz r0y, on the body of Thos. Lengey, an infant fire weeks old. Emma Clcrmond, a little girl, deposed that bIio lived in Miller-street, West Melbourne, next door to whero the mother of tbo deceased had lodged. On the 15th inst. the mother asked her to mind the child while sho went to the market. Witness undertook to do so, but tho mother hover re turned till tho next morning, when tho father came and took him away. Isaac Ashmoro deposed that tho methor of the child, whom he only know by the name of ' Mary,' came to lodge with himself and his wife about five weeks ago, and tho next day was deliverod of the deceased infant. She loft when tho child was sixteen days old, and never came back. She was sdways kind to the deceased. Joseph LotheriiMon, chemist, said that the child wa3 brought to him on Friday evening last, when he was told it was suffering from sickness and diarrhcea. Grave some' medicine for it and re commended that ho should ho told if tho child got no hotter. Fanny, wife of Charles Higgin son, Filzroy, deposod that the deceased was brought to hor to nurse by its father on the 18th inst. Sho fed it on milk, after taking which the child was always sick, and had attacks of diarrhcea. She brought it to no doctor, hut got medicine for it at the chemist's. It died on the. 25th inst. Mr Lengey, father of the child, deposed that he only knew its mother by the name of ' Mary.' She had been in the same service with him. Gave liie mother money to support herself. On the 16 th inst. went to her lodging and found she had gone and left the child behind. Had not seen hor since, and -did not know where shewasi Dr. Neild said he made a post mortem' examination of the body of tho deceased, who was a half-caste child. The cause of death was congestion of tho brain, brought on by bilious diarrhcu i, which was in duced by tho administration of unsuitable food. The jury fonnd a verdict of death from conges tion of the brain. ' An inquest was hold yesterday, by tho City Coroner, on the body of tho man John Mathio son, who was drowned in the Yarra at the New Dock, on Saturday niglit. Thomas Roche, watchman, deposed that about half-past eleven o'clock, , the deceased, who was intoxicated, came up to him, and asked him to havo a drink. ? Witness declined, and the deceased apologised for asking ' liim. Ho went backwards a little and seemed to havo been tripped by something, when ho fell against a , vessel, and then into the water. Witness got on board the ship and let down a rope where the deceased had fallen in. Felt the weight of the man on tho rope but could not say wheiherdae caught the rope or it' had caught his body, Iu about a minute the rope was again free. Information was given to tho police and the hodv(was recovered about midnight. Thomas TVL ij master of the ketch Wasp, said tho de ceased vvp.3 employed on board. . Ha was 25 years of ago and was a eeok. At eleven o'clock that night witno3S saw liim in the Hotham Hotel, when ho was half drunk. A verdict of ' Accidentally drowned in .the Now Dock while in a state of intoxication' was recorded. Mr Candler instituted an' inquiry yesterday, at Moorabbin, into the circumstances attonding the death of a male child named Ridley. Marian Ridley, seventeen years of age, residing with her father, deposod that tho deceased was her child, and was eight and a half months old. It was quite well up to last Friday night when she went to' bed. About two o'clock she awoke and fed the deceased, who was crying. At four o'clock sho awoke and found him dead. The bedclothes wore not over him. At dinner on Friday gave the de ceased meat and carrot to eat. Gave him' a carrot and- a-half, but they were small and boiled soft. Gave him meat bofore, and it never affected him badly, bat had never previously given him oarrot. For three weeks before his death whatever the family made use of was given tho child. Witness's father and brothers were present when Bhe gavo the child the -meat and carrot on. Friday. Dr.' W. E. : Crook said ha was called in to see -the deceased, but -found him dead. Made a post mortem ? examination, and found a quantity of undigested food, meat and carrot, in tho stomach. . There were about two, ounces of oarrot and half an ounce of meat. - The carrot was in pioces, half an inch square, and the meat in bits about as large as one's little finger-nail. The carrot was in a crisp state and apparently uncooked. Witness was of opinion the cause of death was congestion of the brain from the overloaded state of tile stomach. The jury found that the deceased ejaild died of congestion of tho brain, caused by- being, ignorantly fijd with carrot and salt beef,' Tho District Coroner attended at the Yarra Bend Asylum yesterday, and - held an enquiry into the cause of death of a late pay patient named John -Aitken, aged eighteen years. The deceased was admitted to the institution in December, . 1862, suffering disease of the brain and epileptic fits caused by a fall. He was unable to move or speak, but was able to sit in an easy chair' and partake of food, till about a month ago, when he became confined to. bed and lost his appetite. He died on the 21th inst. He had hot known or spoken to his friends for three years. -At the request of his father there was no post mortem exam ination of the body made. Dr. Bayldon, resi dent medical officer, gave it as his opinion that the immediate cause of death was exhaustion, and the jury found a verdict to that effeot. At the Prehran Police Court yesterday, a boy named William Snowball was fined 20s, with the alternative of a week's imprisonment, for damaging (he frame of the window of a rail way carriage at the Windsor station, by cast ing a largo apple at a boy inside the convey ance. ' , : ' An old colonist, writing from -London to the Yass Courier, gives rather an' ?unflattering ac count of the interest which colonial men and' their affairs excite in the old country: — 'All your coloui.al nowspapera,fo.r .some mails , past have beau filled' with the doiiiga about the Prince, of : entertainments : past, present and proposed, of legislatures voting largo sums of publio money, or meeting in special session te vote addresses. As an eld colonist looking at these transactions from so .long A distance,- or through iu it wore the large end of the telescope, it really does appear wonderful to hear of such extravagant, I may say frantic, loyalty, and hope out of kindness to tho illustrious visitor himself yon will not emulate the absurd vagaries of the Victorians. I am suro your money could bo better bestowed than lavished nt such a time frem a beggarly exchequer. Tho hope that tho colonies will be brought more prominently before the people of this country by all this extravagant laudation, is, probably, in some respect the cause, but it . is money thrown away, as tho upper classes here, as far as I can judge, care nothing about tho colonies, and tho mass of the people hear nothing of your doings. Thoro is a sort of self-sufficient ignorance characteristic of English poople, and Australian subjects form no exception ; nobody, unless intending to emigrate, cares to acquire anything like a knowledge of the colonies ; and I have even mot merchants in the city, who30 daily business connects with them us, exhibit profound igno rance of tho institutions and resources of tho countries to whom they are indebted for their wealth. Apropos of this, I may mention that I met yesterday Mr David Buchanan, lato a well known member of your Assembly. He told me that in a conversation ho had with Mr Bright respecting the colonies, and speaking of its daily press, that that statesman, with his vast store of information, had never seen nor heard of the Sydney Morning Ilerald. Tho astonishment of David was unbounded, but I imagine John West's will be greater if ho should over know that all thoso lachrymose warnings and moral lectures on the evils of democracy in tho colonies, which accompany tho elaborate summaries, havo failed to reach tho man who exercises for good or evil such power over the minds of his countrymen.' Says the Gipps Land Times of Saturday : — '' It appears after all that the navigation of the Lakes is temporarily suspended. Tho Avon, avith a cargo from Port Albert, at tempted to cross the entrance on Wednesday evening, bnt. as sho found only threo feet six inches of water on the bar, she was compelled to return to the port. The Tommy Norton brought up tho passengers to Clydebank, on Thursday. Wo may mention, however, that the tides have had no influence on the water for some days, and consequently, it is not' ex pected that the present interruption of traffic will be of long continuance.' Another accident consequent upon the care less use of firearms has occurred near Sale. A man named Keogh was shooting near what is known as Montgomery's Island on Wednesday morning, when his ramrod, a massive iron ouoi became fastened in the barrel of the gun in ramming home a charge. Finding all other at tempts to remove it ineffectual, Keogh in cautiously a'esolved to blow it out, and on dis charging tbo piece with that object, the barrel burst about 18 inches from the breach, lacerat ing in a frightful manner his left hand, which was held forward to support' the weapon. A fragment of motal Btruck laim also on tho tip of tho ear, completely severing a particle of flesh. Keogh, after having 'washed the wounds, walked into Sale, where, his, injuries were at tended to. . A wairant has been issued by the Wangaratta Borough Council for the apprehenson of A. C. Bayley, auctioneer, who lately levanted from Wangaratta, lie having appropriated to his own uso the sum of £13 10s due to the council for tho rent of the public park, paid to him by the Rev. G. D. Galen, the lessee. Bayley was arrested yesterday, in Geelong, on warrant, eharged with larceny. We regret to learn , from a Gipps Land journal that' operations at tho Thomson River copper mine have been temporarily suspended. It appears that the tributers were sorely pressed latterly by their creditors, and that as there was no possibility of getting in calls to meet tho current expenses, they at last determined to wind up the company. The workmen are said to have agreed to accept 10s in tho pound, boing all that the working company can afferd to pay. It must be understood, , how over, that the prospects of the mine ore still excellent, . and that this un fortunate collapse has been in no way produced by any want ,of confidence in the lode. The mine is bound to become a first-class paying investment in the course of some time, hut au undertaking of this kind requires au enormous outlay before any re turns can ho obtained, and tho great difficulty met witla has been that of collecting tho neces sary capital. - Wo understand that fresh arrangements will be made, and that work will be resumed with as little de-lay as possible.' ' Tho collapse of the Bogau River Company is thus referred to by the Pastoral Times : — ' This company's stations are taken possession of by Mr Danoan H'Rxe and Mr Gray for tho mortgagees. Thus - has fallen one of the largest squatting companies in tho Australias. There are £100,000 overdue iu debentures, and though the company's pro perty, in stations and stock, is worth little less, if any, than a quarter of a million sterling, such is the depressed condition of pastoral securities that the company is compelled to suc cumb to difficulties not of their own creating, and which they tried to stem with a perse verance perhaps never excelled in pastoral Riverisa.' That unfortunate young womau Elizabeth Burns, recently reported at Ballarat as having been so shamefully seduced under a promise of marriage, by a man named Growl, and after wards eharged by him with deserting her ille gitimate child, was again arrested on Saturday by Sergeant Larner on tho same charge. .When brought before the court on Friday she made a promise that she would in future take care of the child herself, on which she was dismissed. The promise, however, it appears, she has failed to fulfil, as on Saturday she again de posited the child at the door'of its putative father. A warrant was immediately issued for her arrest, and she was taken to the lookup. And Mr Crowl all this time escapes with im punity ! The supposed caso of spontaneous combus tion in Beechworth has resulted in a prosaic verdict of accidental burning. The inquest on the body of the old man, Robert H. Simp son, was resumed in the Beechworth Hospital last week, when the principal witness was a local liotelkeeper named Wright, who acknow ledged that deceased had been drinking in his house for several hours just prior to his death. The most curious point was that deceased's flesh ' exhibited marks of severe burning, while his clothes were apparently intact. Dr. Siator, re sworn, said he had examined the clothes, and the outside of the left leg of the trousers was stiffened. On examination with the nii croscopo discovered the fibre — which hp took to be Manilla hemp — was missing from the lower part of the left log, now so much discolored that it could not now be seen. Believed the loft leg of the trousers to have been exposed to heat ; believed that deceased could have been burned a3 li9 was without tho trousers being destroyed. Tho jury then re turned the following verdict : — That the de ceased, Robert Haig Simpson, came by his death from injuries to the brain, caused by heat, apparently, from the evidence, occurring whilst incapable of taking care of himself from the effects of intoxication, and that there are external marks of burns on the body ; and that he died in the Beechworth Hospital, on the 19th day of April, 1863. Tho coroner, at the conclusion of the inquest, addressed Mr Wright, and said that while tho jury did not blame him in any way for what had occurred and while he (the coroner) agreed so far with them that he thought Mr Wright was in no way personally responsible for the death of de ceased, ho, as a magistrate, must tell liim that ho was to blame in allowing men to drink and to get drunk in his house on Sundays. Ho would say no more than that, but he could not say less. The Geelong General Sessions commenced and were concluded yesterday, before liis Honor Chief Justice Stawell. Mr Adamson prosecuted. John Holiday pleadod guilty to three charges of obtaining money under false preteuees, and was sentenced to two years' imprisonment with hard labor. Timothy Torpey pleaded guilty to stealing from a dwelling, and was sontencod to twelve months with hard labor. Michael Mangan appeared ou bail, 'charged with obtaining money under false pre tences, hut the Crown Prosecutor entered a nolle prosequi, aud the prisoner was discharged. Ah Pong was convicted of stabbing AU Y'on, and he was sentenced to six months' imprison ment. Mick Morphj , convicted of an abomin able offence, was sentenced to ton years ou the roads. Michael Geloughly, defended by Mr Byrne, pleaded not guilty to the charge of having, on 17th December, 1367, at Meredith, unnaturally aud maliciously beaten and illtreated his mother. The ovidonoo dis closed tho aot to have been committed under the influence of drink and resentment against tho prosecutrix, sho having refusod shelter to her son aftGr an absence of ten years. Prisoner was found guilty, and was sentenced to nine months' imprisonment; solitary con finement during the first week of the first, sixth, and last months. Wm. Smith was found guilty of robbing Thos. Rant, at the Cricket Club Hotel, on the 14th April, of £4. A previous conviction was admitted, and he was sentenced to threo years on tho roads. John M'Donald, charged with attempting to stab Charles Thomas, schoolmaster, East Bel larine, on 20th March last, pleaded not guilty. The charge proved to -be of a very trumpery kind, and was withdrawn by tho Crown Prosecutor. Patrick Chamberlain was eharged with attempting a capital offence. There was a second charge of having committed an indecent assault. On the first charge lie was convicted of a com mon assault only, and on tho seoond found guilty. Ho was sentenced to six months and two years, the terms to be cumulative. A correspondent, under tho signature of ' A Yoiee from the Mines,' makes a suggestion which, if taken up in au influential way, would be successful and significant. Ho proposes that tho interest on the Darling grant should bo raised and transmitted to Lady Darling so long as the principal is withheld. Such a proceed ing would shame the repudiators. . The following communication was received on Saturday by the Secretary of the Sandhurst Water Supply Committee ' Mining depart ment, Melbourne, 24th April, 1868. — Sir, — I have the honor, by direction of the honorable the Minister of Mines, to acknowledge the re ceipt of your letter of the 22nd inst., renewing the request of the Sandhurst W ater SupplyCom mitleo for an interview, and to inform yon that circumstances still prevent a deputation being received on the subject referred to in year letter. Mr Macgregor regrets that he oannot comply with your . request.— -I have.the_hsnor to be, sir, yours, most obedient, R. Brouoh Smyth, Secretary for Mine's. — Hugh M'Coll, Esq., hon. sec. of the Water Supply Committee, Sandhurst.' No other reply could reasonably have been expected. ?- ;? At the City Police Conrt yesterday, forty ono prisoners were dealt with, twenty-four of whom were charged with drunkenness. There was nothing of muchpublic interest in any of tho other cases. Several third meetings w rq held in the In solvent Court yesterday. In the estate of Y/. B. Malla®, of Melbourne, hotel-keeper, the assignee held out no hopes of a dividend. There was a further examination meeting in the estate of Martin Marshall, of Faithfull's Creek, storekeeper, a witness named Thomas Hoskin being committed to prison till Wednesday morn- ^ ing, at ten o'clock, for prevarication. From a local journal wo learn that a very beautiful copy of Sassa Farrati's celebrated picture ' The Madonna aud Child,' at the Vatican, has been presented as an altar piece to the Mansfield Catholic church by Cardinal Antonelli. 'It has arrived at Melbourne,' says our contemporary, ' and will shortly be forwarded to its destination.' The Courier learns, on ' good authority,' that Mr R. D. Ireland has been retained to de fend tho prisoners Larkia and Manning, charged with rioting and the publication of seditious libels, at Hokilika, New Zealand. The sum said to have been paid for the learned gentleman's services is £1000. , Even in tho quiet region of Riddell's Creek, it seems possible to get up a tumult, as we learn from a correspondent: — ' A publio meeting was held at Riddell's Creek last week, for the purpose of hearing the committee's re port and financial statement of the ponny readings of last year. The committee con sisted of Messrs Bertram, Whitney, Poppel well, Dodderidge and Murphy. Mr Tomkins ooeupied the chair. Mr Robinson asked the chairman whether it was the intention of the committee to make the financial statement. Tho chairman replied that they distinctly re fused to do so, and that the pablic had no right to ask for any snch statement. He added that the meeting was composed of nothing bnt a lotof oldfishwomen, which causedalittle fracas, when Mr Whitney was asked to account for his unseemly behavior. He would not do any thing of the kind, howover, and it apppears inevitable to end in a police court case.' An inquest was hold yesterday at the Ship Inn, Manbyrnoon-street, Footscray, on the body of a man named Thoma3 Riley. From the evidence of Thomas Brown, it appeared that the deceased had been an inmate of the Benevolent Asylum for over six years. He had acted as storeman there, was abont 50 years of age, and a native of Ireland. He had been missing since Monday week, when four men went in search of him , and was not seen alive again. Sergeant Kelly stated that he had found the body -floating just above the Saltwater River Bridge, on Sunday morning, about eleven a.m. Hi3 apparel was all marked; h6 had nine and a-hal£ cakes of tobacco ' on him,' a pipe, kuifo and two small pieces of calico, a comb, and a pieco of common soap. There was no mark of violence on his person. Tho jury returned an open verdict of 'found dead.' The Yanko run of M'Neil Brothers, Naran dera, which was the soeno of the late double murder, has again been the locality of another mysterious death. A travoller, namod Dixon, or supposed to he so, was found at one of the huts on that run with his threat gashed in a ?frightful manner, as also his arm, in a place where such a gash might cause death by bleed ing. Au inquiry by magistrates was held upon the body, and they appear to havo come to thq conclusion that tho .deceased committed suicide. It is also' reported that a oheque for £25 .was found upon him. But what renders tho matter dubious is, that no weapon of any kind that may have been used for the purpose of suicide has been found. - Still another mysterious death is reported from Riveriua: — 'Between tho 29th of lust and the 5th of this month an unoccupied hut oa Cowl Cowl run, Laclilan, owned by the Messrs Synnott Brothers, was discovered to have been burned down. Constable M'Manus visited tho spot, and among the rnins were fonnd the trunk and skull of a male, whose re mains had been consumed either in the fire which had destroyed the lint or previous to that occurring. Nothing existed to load to the identification of deceased, and tho only articles found wcro the following : — A black case of a watch, a pair of spectacles, scissors, file, knife, pieces of a pair of moleskin trousors, and portions of. a Scotch twill shirt. Whether anothor marderlias been committed, or an accident occurred through drunkenness, although lio bottle or drinking vessel is mentioned as having been seen;or do ceased having arrived and started a fire, then laid down and died, boing exhausted and ill, and the burning occurred subsequently, nothing is known.' ___________ The Hotham Pofular Readings will he given this evening. A good programme has been prepared. Langlands Foundry Company.— The so coud general meeting of Langlands Foundry Company takes place at the company's pro mises this evening, at five o'clock. Duke op Edinburgh Theatre. — Under the Gaslight' was repented nt this establish ment, last evening, to a very large and enthu siastic audience. The drama plays closer than it did tho first night, and some very effective additions have been made to the sensation scene, which Beems certain to ensure for tho piece a long run. P rah ran Popular Readings, — The proceeds of the popular readings this evening will bo devoted to the funds of the Prahran and South Yarra Ladies' Benevolent Society. The pro gramme presents an excellent list of names of singers and readers. Iu addition, tho chair man, Mr C. E. Jones, will talk for about ten minntes on the beauties of Dickens. The ANNrvERSAny Tea Meeting in connec tion with the West Melbourne Presbyterinn' church wJl he held in the temporary build ing, Williams-street, this evening. After tea the company will adjourn into the new church, when addresses will bo delivered by several clergymen. Mr C. A. Donaldson, assisted by the ohurcli choir and others, will enliven the evening. The Railways. — An advertisement issued by the Secretary of the Victorian Railways an nounces that, from the 1st May, the mixed train leaving Melbourne at 3.30 will leave at 3.20, and the train leaving Ballarat at 2.50 p.m. will leave at 2.30. The fares between Geelong and Melbonrne will be, first-class, single, 12s 6d ; return, 19s ; second-class, ainglo, 9a 6d; return, 14s. The National Museum. — Tho number of visitors to the .National Museums of natural ? history, geology, and economic geology, ap plied to mining, agriculture and the arts, for the week ending 25th April, was 1502. The Museums are open to the publio daily (Sun days excepted) from ten a.m-. till five p.m., in ?the north side of the University, and -in tho unfinished 'portion of the National Museum building nt tho back of the University. Cricket. — A match was commenced on Sa turday between the Williamstown O.C. v. Williamstown Railway C.C. At the time the stumps were drawn the game stood : Williamstown, 61; Williamstown Railway, 9 wickets down for 49. The top scorers on both sides were: For W.C.C., Douglas; 16; Brown, 15; Thompson, 10. W.R.C.C., Davidson 12 — the only double figures. Lawton's splen did howling, was- the subject of comment on the ground. -Tho game will be played out next Saturday. ' Theatre Royal.— The friends' of Mr Walter Montgomery ''.mustered in great force nt this theatre -last evening, to- welcome 'him on liis return from Sydney, tho house being crowded to excess in every part. The play chosen was ' Hamlet,' iu which the star appeared to great advantage ns the principal charaoter. The other principal parts were -thus apportioned: — King, Mr Vincent ; Quean, Miss' Cleveland ; Ophelia, Miss Marion Dunn ; Polonius, Mr Harwood ; Laertes, Mr Munro ; Horatio, Mr Gladstone; and Ghost, Mr G, Warde. Miss Dunn was most successful as Ophelia, giving to tho part a chasteness of expression it has often wonted on . the Melbourne stage;- Misq Cleveland's Queen- and Mr Vincent's King are so favorably known in Melbourne that it is unnecessary to say more than that last evening they were as -effective - as ? usual. Mr Warde was quiet and dignified- as the Ghost, and Mr Harwood made a fair represen tative of Polonius. Mr Munro; howevor, in Laertes, was very much over-weighted. To night ' Muoh Ado Abont Nothing' will be given. 