^??'?:im..^EM.^ ??'?: ,? : ? ' ?. ? ?. ? ,'f, . . - , ? The' .gveat constitutional battle has begun at ? last) and if the people of Victoria be only tvue ?to lliem'selves, nothing can prevent them from securing a brilliant and durable victory. They have airthe elements of success:— intelligence, enthusiasm, and numerical strength, a noble. cause,. the prestige of ? former triumphs, the box; so, while defeat is- out of the question altogether, we. have a right to anticipate results, . which will place our political liberties tipqn an imperishable basis. If anything, were needed to five the hope and stimulate ;the courage of ? the Liberal party, here, at the very outset of the struggle, we are cheefed by the approval of tlie imperial authorities, as thorough and emphatic ?asitwasunexpected, strengthening our own arms in , proportion as it weakens those of bnr po litical opponents. Resolute in' resisting the Colonial Office when it attempts aay inter ference with the principle of self- government, of course we are right glad at the prospect of harmonious co- eperation ; and there is no need for disguising the fact that we work more;. eai'nestly arid: heartily from the consciousness that we are 'not even in nominal antagonism to the ; Crown. The. language of the Duke of Buckingham leaves no further room for doubt or1 equivocation ;-no pretence for stigmatising the Darling grant as illegal or ,unconstitutio;nal ; no excuse for pretending that it was a matter to be reserved for the royal assent :-—'.' I convey to you my appro val j of the line of conduct which you have adopted, with reference to the proposed grant to.Lady. Darling of the sum of £20,O0OJ' u It is a controversy which must be, lqoaijLY de- ' orDED.'' And this from the|Colonial Secretary ?—the representative of the Imperial Govern ment-r-who, as a thorough-going Tory, was expected to have out-Cardwelled Cardwell in curbing the fierce democracy of 'Victorial Why, it is enough to make Captain M'Mahon abandon his exertions for office in disgust ; and we are not astonished to soe that it has already deprived public life of the inestimable services of a Bunny. How the amiable heart of Mr Langton must have gone out towards the Duko ' when he reafl the despatches ! The champions ef ' law and order' distin guished themselves gallantly at the Exhibition building the other night. Rowdyism may be regarded as the complement of roll-stuffing; and this brutal attempt to convulso a mee ing of peaceful electors furnishes a perfect picture of reactionary tactics. Had Opposition electors attended for the purpose of expressing Oppo sition opinions, it would have been fair,, enough, although contrary to political ;oti-. opatte ; but thoro was not the slightest Idisv ?position towards controversy or debaterrno thing but a blind, brutal determination to pre vent the Attorney-General from placing his views before the country; Many a disoredita- . bio scene has arisen out of the: heat'; of politics in Victoria, as elsewhere; but political, warfare has shown few examples of a secret, deliberatej organised attempt to prevent the ex pression of public opinion by an appeal to social and sectarian prejudices. What willjthe people in the . old V country think of the self styled 'law and order' party, whose instru ments are hired mobs, inflamed by such incentives as this placard, posted and circu lated throughout the city and suburbs :—' To the public ! ! !— Atteiid the monster meeting on Monday evening, at half -past seven p.m., in the Old Exhibition building. Higinbothair. proclaimed dictator! Suppression of Civil and Religious Ijiberty !' Talk of the police having been ''. improperly' introduced, when inflaminable appeals like this were acting upon the passions of an ignorant and interested mob 1 Why, even the presence of: the police did not prevent the occurrence of scandalous riot and disorder. Bad they been absent, the proceed* ings might have terminated. in bloodshed and death. As it is, while the faction have coverod themselves with indelible infamy, they have exposed their weakness even in their, supposed strenghold. of West. Melbourne^ and they have failed to prevent the Attorney - General from indicating the question at issue in the present con test. Between the Chief Secretary's: address to. the electors of Morningtpn ' and Mr Higin-, botham's speech to the electors of Melbourne there can beno mistake upon this point— that the electors are to send in representatives' who, through good and evil report, will maintain the ' right pi the Legislative Assembly to the sole ^control of the-pubnc expenditure, in the specific form of law: which to that body seems good. It has_ been humorously suggested,' by some pugnacious Liberals, . that the Buckingham despatches arrived prematurely— that „ there may be no real struggle now, since the ad vantages are 'so unequivocally on the side of the people. . There could scarcely . be a more serious mistake' than for considera- . tibna of this kind 'to lull ; the -'Liberal1 electors into a false security. Thpse^who love the ardor and excitement of the fray may safely calculate: upon being occupied to their hearts' content. Now that the Colonial Secretary has declared that the question' must be 'locally decided,' it is of all the more imperative neces--l sity that the Ipcal- decision .sTiall be com plete) and uneqwvocal.. It is : now . more than ever indispensable to enable the imperial authorities to distinguish between ' the whisper of a clique and the voice of a nation.!' True, the Opposition , are cowed and check-' mated ; the treasury of, the jieague (the ghost of the Victorian Association) is no. longer overflowing — the squatters being un able and the seft-goods men unwilling to con tribute as of yore. '? But seeing that the pre sent is their very, last chance, -they will not only employ all the powers of 8ecret;intrigucj but fight witht all the fury of a forlorn hope^. Let the liberal electors of Victoria, therefore, remember the necessity of having the question, ' locally decided;' They have got; the que from the Colonial Office 1 itself — and to neglect it would be to deserve political perdition. : '. Since we are to have a History, of Prince Alfred's Visit to Victoria, , compiled by the in defatigable agent of the, Royal Reception Com missioners, no doubt some equally competent hand will produce, as a companion volume, the Victorian correspondence of the -hon. Eliot Yorke. Apart from their historic value, as the supposed indications of the princely, will on various interesting occasions, Mr Yorke'e letters have an intrinsic value of their own,; as exhibiting ,the personal idiosyncrasies of the writer, as models of a pure Uinglish style, , exquisite taste, and generous gentlemanly feeling. Few who bad the honor of making the 'equerry's' acquaintance here suspected ?him of being a model of intellectual culture,' his modesty doubtless preventing any prema ture discovery of his gifts ; but accident has fortunately revealed them before it is quite top late. for us to make a proper acknowledg ment. It appeai'3 that Mr Yorke's duties as ' equerry-in-waiting' and participator in the hospitality of Victoria left him sufficient leisure to criticise the manners and customs of his hosts, and that prominent among several betises which shocked his fastidious taste was , the universal mispronunciation of the Eng lish tongue by our colonial youth. Acknow ledging the receipt of a copy of Hill's 'Oratorical Trainer,' forwarded to the Prince by its unobtrusive authar, the hon. Eliot de livered himself thus : — ;' The book is an excel lent one, and worthy of so necessary an object as that of exciting alovo for English : literature, and teaching youth the proper pronunciation of their own tongue ; the latter, I fear, te much neglected in this colony.' This trenohant rebuke was dated on the 5th of December; and it was very considerate- of Mr Hill to defer its publication, else whafc would have become of the great Collegiate School demonstration ? Fanoy how absurd it was for the principals of the Church of England Grammar School, and the Scotch, Wesley and St. Patrick's colleges, to think they were making a favorable impres sion upon the Prince and his suite, while all the time the hon. Eliot Yorke was sneering at their neglect of English pronun ciation ! True, there aro individuals, bo full of prejudice as to think that the hon., equerry's own style is susceptible of improve' ment— that they would no more accept it as a , modelthan the eccentricities of the Dundreary ' school ef which it' so largely partakes ; | and, there'are others who insinuate ithat before con demning our colonial youth for mispronouncing the English .tongue, Mr Yorke ;6ught to have himself taken a few lessons in English gram mar. ' ; Reluctantly, enough .we must admit that, there seems .something in 'this. The very letter from which; we -have quoted ; is: : strongly at variance ' with , the old-fashioned rules of , Lindley Murray. , An iliustrious Transatlantic, judge,' when taunted with bad ; spelling, declared that 'he would not giye a rush for a coon who could not spell a word in : m'orp ways than one ;' ' and we' assert that;the' grammatical eccentricities of Prince Alfred's equerry are perfectly defensible pn: the same principle . .-. ? : . ' : There is at least one epistle of Mr Yorke!s, hpwever, which will'excite surprise and sorrow, if not contempt; wherever it ' is' read' and jun- ' derstood, and which; might- be regarded as even compromising tbo honor of a Prince, but that ii- seems utterly impossible it could have been dictated? by the Queen's son. Not long ago i we mentioned the case of Mrs Hicks, whose ancestor had saved the life of Princ e Alfred's ancestor, the royal gratitude.being manifested in . the' grant of a holding near the Serpentine,* in: Hyde. Park*; The privilege descended in due course to Mrs Hicks, who enjoyed it for seve ral years, till the exigencies of the Great Ex hibition required her to relinquish iti on a pro mise of compensatien., ; The sale of her 'Story,' : written by Charles Dickens, enabled her to arrive in this colony several years back, but she has waited in. vain for the -expected' remuneration, her letters 'to! the Quean remain-, : ing unanswered.: Thinking. the arrival of Prince Alfred here a good opportunity for com municating directly with his royal mother, she enclosed a respectful letter, requesting the Duke to forwardit. She asked nothing more, be it observed ; although old, infirm, anddesti tute, Mrs Hicks is no beggar, and she distinctly repudiated mendicant designs. : And: how did the:;''equerry-ih'-waitring' . acknowledge ? her application ?— ' Tporak, 3rd January-^-Madani, -^-1 am directed to. inform you that the calls upon the bounty of H.JR..H. theDuke of Edin burgh'are so. great and numerous that H.R;H, is unable to' comply with; your ? requesti-^-Your : most' obedient ' 'servant,. Eliot, C; ' '' Yohkb,; , S,queri7-i^:W^ing. -,' To-Mi^ Ann Hicks', Old ijut,' Beach^: ,^ Seeing that Mrs Hicks ma^e'nb call .. whatever upon the'Prbicels M bounty,'' bat simply re , qaested: Kim to convey to ins -royal mother a de'inand.; for justice, 't^e': equerry's reply 'is hot -onlyi- heartless,andinsqlenti but .positively ab— surd.? i Let us mercifully hops that. he did no't read the poor old lady's letter at all. ; That his Royal Highness ,can have had any knowledge of the transaction, one way or. the other, we de-' clineto believe. . .Whether '.the ' calls upon the Prince's bounty' are so 'great and .nume rous,' it is hot so very easy to ascertain; but if the hon. Eliot Yorke is accustomed to act as the Prince's almoner . as, well as ' equeray,' it is,- pleasant to reflect thai the princely purse' is.not in much danger of : exhaustion. 1 ; Judging ^ from various signs of the times,, his, 'Excellency the, Earl of Belmore,: the new Governor of New; South Wales, .is .likely to haye,abrisk conception of colonial society be fore long. Some lingering ; sense of self respect may prevent a recurrence of the 'scenes' which have recently, degraded the New South Wales Assembly'b.elowthat of .Tas mania ; but the feud between the Government and the lOpposition continues. too fierce for any prospect of a compromise: Seeing that the Ministry are not to be displaced by ordi nary! nieans, the Opposition are detevmined upon forping on a dissolution, hoping that what ia impossible to their: votes may. be ac complished by tho voice of the ; country. With this object in view, they will neither pass the estimates nor concede an ad ijiierim ^ vete to carry on the . public business, keeping up a. species of guerilla warfare, so as to prevent the House from . coming to a decision ; so that there really seems' no alternative but that of a general election, a result the Premier seems not to regard with much equanimity. By the political crisis, when it comes, his Excellency may be rather interested and amused than otherwise; but it seems thatthere are apprehen sions of a social convulsion in Sydney/ calou- lated to excite very different' feelings. Our cautious and non- sensational contemporary, the Sydney Herald, mentions the receipt of com munications foreshadowing nothing short of a sectarian war throughout the colony. ' It is said that we are tphave a fight hetween certain factions whioh hero have '. commonly; confined themselves to cursing. We will not degrade any' ohurch or race so far as to connect its name with the atrocious proceedings of men who profess these barbarous intontipns. All we havotosayis that we hope those who stimulate snob outrage will be the first to suffer its penalties.' With all due respect' for our contemporary, we cannot . but , think that, for once, ho has. permitted' aome' sinister influence to over- master his reason; Sydney is not so very remote that we are incompetent to judge the state of parties there ; and wo . venture to affirm that if sectarian rancor exists nothing is more likely to fan it into a flame than such , a gratuitous assumption as that of tho Herald. But our contemporary has been more than indiscreet. Not content with ut tering its own silly menaces and apprehen sions, the Herald has had tho presumption to involve the Government in the mess. 'It is right that it ahould be f ally known that the Government is en tho alert, ' and that thq iirst f-ymptoias ol disorder will |be suppressed with a strong hand.' It certainly does seem ? ominous that, . notwithstanding this positive assertion, no member of the Martin Ministry has yet thought proper to publish a dis claimer. Confidently relying upon the good sense and the goodf eeling of the people of all de nomiHationsi often! manifested as satisfactorily. in New South WaleB as in Victoria, we believe that there is no real ground for this silly panic ; and we predict that if Earl Belmore is to witness a sectarian emeute, it will have ..sprung from the. inexcusable folly of 'the authorities and the press. ,..'.'; '- ; What some stupid people may considei^ an unwonted dash of manly' vigor enlivened the last meeting of .the Melbourne Hospital [ com mittee ; but refined! readers will, of course regard it as. an exhibition of .decidedly ba*d taste.; Some of the routine, -prosaic !but cer tainlyimpbrtant business having been disposed ? of, the chairman, Sh* James Palmer, announced the receipt of » communication from the! hon. Eliot Yorke. A breathless silence ensued, in the expectation of enjoying at once an; intellec tual treat and a display of philanthropy towards !theHospital. It expressed ' the deep regret of ' his- Royal Highness the Duke of . Edinburgh that a pressure of engagements rendered ; his Royal Highness unable to fulfil bis promise to visit the Hospital and formally open and name the new buildings ;' but, as a compensation, for this, it graciously.' approved of. the committee: giving his Royal Highness's name to the. re cent additions to the institution ! ' Ins .tead of expressing 'his delight at! this honor, Mr Edward Cohen most im politely asked the, ..chairman 'whether the letter was accompanied by a £100 cheque ?' and we regret to add that when the chairman replied in the negative, the meeting seemed to consider that Mr Cohen had. made a capital peint, and laughed at it uproariously^ But the worst of it is that they actually rejectedthe! proffered, compliment, Sir James Pahner himself drily observing ' that, as the Prince had not adhered to his promise, he supposed thecomr; mittee would let the new buildings partake of the good old name of the Melbourne Hospital.' Incredible as it may seem, this proposition was adopted without a dissentient voice ! ' Aftferiall; we are inclined to think that ! the- committee displayed^ considerable spirit;- and pluok, and that. Mr .Cohen's' comical interjection ought ^ to go far- ? towards ' securing ibis1 -; soatr. for. EaBt- Melbourne. °.W.e vyield to npbbdy.; in.lpyal attachment ;to , 'Prince Alfred, and |his illuetrious race; we make every 'allowance; for the pressure of ?. engagements duiing his last days in yictoria ; but remembering the length of his yiBii;, and the, large portion of it devoted to' mere amusement and sight-seeing, we can- . ;not but think that he, might have exhibited more interest in an institution devoted to the service of suffering: humanity. MELBOURNE, SATURDAY, 11th; JAN. ! 