Shipping Intelligence, ARRIVAL. JULY 17 — Leichhardt, (s.), Captain Cottier, from Brisbane via the Intermediate Ports. Passengers — /Miss M'Larcn, Arcssrs. P. M. Bolger, A. n. Broyvn, J.' / Guthrio, J. G. Anderson, J. E. O. Daly, R. Ross, . A. Wilbrahnm, R. Ernncis R, R. ; Jones E. R. Row, and About 15 in tho stcoruge. V; DKl'ARTURKS. - / -. July 18. — Mary Anno, schooner, Captain Ohapolow, - /for Maryborough. / July 16. — Thomas Day, kotoh, Captain Aleyor, for Maryborough. .V-, - MANIFEST. inward8. July 17. — Lniohlinrdt, (s.),.from Brisbano: 6 oases \- -stout, quartor-oask brandy, 5 cnscs ale, 10 casks boer, . 8 bases brandy, 5 cases claret, 3 cosob liqueurs, 2 cases coffee, Steel ; 129 pnekngos, Barker : bale, M,Dougal ; pareoi, Simpson ; 7 cases drapery Isles, Finney, and Co.; 2 cases eonfeotionery, 40 bags maize, Unmnek; .4 hlids alo, Hill; 17 pnekngos groceries, Jones and Co ; 2 qr-eks brandy, cs wine, 6 ess elnrot, 3 ess old torn, qr-ck rum, Kennedy ; cs, Stowart and Hommant ; \- cs, Ron and Co ; 2 pairs bollows, 2 forgo backs, 12 ess jams, Palmer ; bag, Morgan ; 2 bags moal, H. Jones; ' cs, Slater, pol, Affleck ; cask, Gibbs, Ronald, and Co ; :1jox, Parkinson ; pkg belts, Flnnogan, Bros ; 30 bngs maize, W. Cook and Co ; cs, Ellis Bros ; cs, M'Naugh- ' ten ; pol, Slntor ; pol, Pybus ; pol, Mciklo and Stoyvnrt ; . 4 pkgs, Harbor AInstor ; pkg, T. M. Patorson ; 2 pkgs, ' Watson; 2 pkgs, Bardsley ; pel, Johnson and Co; 3 : bdls hoops, Berkioman and Co ; es furniture, '2 chairs, Daly ; 158 piocos timber, Bertram : 1415 pioces timber Grant ; 20 bags maize, 8 bags oysters, Order. . Tho Lciclihnrdt left Brisbano on Tuesday at 1.30 p.m. ; passed Capo Moreton at 6.30 p..m.'; Doulilo Island Point nt 5 a.m. on Wednesday ; crossed Wide : ' Bav Bar at 6.30 a.m., nnd arrived at Maryborough nt 8.30 p.m. ; left Maryborough on Thursday morning at '9.30 a-m. ; and nrrived at Gladstone nt 7,80 a.m. Fri day morning ; left nt 10.30., and renchcd tlio wharf at 8.15 p.m. Strong S. winds, with a heavy sea through out. Tho Leicliliardt brought the English mail, wliioh is a very largo ono, comprising 17 bngs and 3 boxes. Tho Horo (s.), brought 3.15 stcerngo passengers to Maryborough on Wednesday from Melbourno. LOSS OF THE WILLING LASS. WE mentioned in our issue of the 15th inst. that we fearced the wreck reported by Captain Hannah of the Wave of Life, was that of the brigantine the Willing Lass, we regret to say we were right, for yesterday af- ternoon Captain Hugh McNeil, her commander, ar- rived in Rockhampton from the wreck in the ship's boat, and favored us with the following information : — The Willing Lass left Rockhampton on Saturday the 4th July, in ballast, for Sydney via the Richmond River, and after a passage of four days, when thick fogs and light winds prevailed, she finally discharged her pilot, Captain Warner, off the Pilot Station, at 9 a.m. on Wednesday the 8th, and stood out to sea with a moderato E.S E. wind : at 6 p.m. rounded Cape Capricorn, encountering light and baffling. winds vary ing from S.S.W. to E.N.E. At 8 n.rn. Thursday, 9th, sighted Mast Head Island, bearing N N.W., apparently about five miles off, but the weather was so thick and hazy it was impossible to obtain the correct distance. At 9.45 a.m. tacked ship, when a heavy squall from the south struck her ; all the light sails were taken in, and the bearings of the island showed to McNeil that he would not be able to weather Mast Head Reef, so was compelled to make for the channel, (which is about two miles in width) between the island and the reef. Had the breeze held on he would have been able to carry through with safety, as there was deep water within a short distance of the reef all the way ; but suddenly the wind fell light, and a strong current kept the ves- sel sagging the reef, and drove her to leeward, the tide being nearly at its full. The lead was immediately hove and four fathoms of water were found, with no signs of decrease towards the reef. At 11.30 a.m. felt something grate lightly against the bottom of the ves- sel; hove the lead again and found only nine feet, the ship at the time drawing 8 foot 4 inches. A broken sea was all around, but no signs of breakers, and the reef being hidden on account of the tide being full. Directly she grated, tried to wear her off, but she lost steerage way, and would not answer her helm. The tido then began to fall, and the boat was launched and a kedge run out, ballast was trimmed, and every en- deavor was made to heave the brig off the reef. At I p.m. she listed over and bumped heavily against the reef, and in less than 10 minutes drove in her star- board bilge; she struck about a ship's length from where the lead was first hove and 8 fathoms found. Captain McNeil finding she would go to pieces, resolved to try and save everything he could, but, at 6.30 p.m. finding about four foot of water in the hold and the weather looking very dirty with the barometer falling, be thought it prudent at once to take his crew to the island, distant about 2 miles N.N.E., as a reef runs round the island and in bad weather the sea breaks very heavily, rendering the landing almost impossible ; as much provisions and frosh water as were deemed necessary were put into the boat. The next morning they made a trip to the ship and went aboard, and found her full of water and on her beam ends, this of course prevented anything from being done, or any portion of the wreck being saved. A further stock of provisions and water were secured together with what ever loose articles were lying about, and they again steered for the island. The next day, Saturday, they visited the wreck, but found that she had gone down to the fore, with the water completely over her fore- castle, and finding it useless as well as unsafe to remain they returned to their camp, where they re- mained until Thursday morning, the 16th, when the captain and his crew, in all seven, started from the island intending to make Gladstone, but there was sucha tremendous sea on that he was compelled to stand off for Cape Capricorn, distant about 60 miles, which was made in five hours. When once away it was impos- sible to turn back as the sea was running mountains high, and their frail boat was tossed about like a feather upon the waves. The Captain describes his reaching land as little short of a miracle, as neither he nor any of his men ever expected to place their feet on dry land again ; the danger was so terrific that the men prayed aloud, although they never lost their presence of mind, and behaved in the most cool and seamanlike manner, readily obeying the directions of their Captain, who appears through the whole of the fearful scene to have borne himself like a thorough-bred English mariner. After making the Cape the sea became calmer, and they made a comparatively easy run thence to Rock- hampton, where they arrived on Friday morning early —to quote the words which the Mate wrote in the log-book, " Thanks be to God he had carried them through," and they landed at the wharf amidst the congratulations of their friends, The vessel was the property of Messrs. McKinlay Brothers, of Sydney, and is about 15 years old, and the heavy cargo of ma chinery she brought to Rockhampton it is supposed must have " knocked blazes out of her," and strained her considerably, the pumps being continually at work. The Captain is not certain whether she is wholly or partly insured. The only things saved were the charts and a few clothes, the latter rendered worthless by the salt water. BY ELEOTRIO TELEGRAPH- PORT DENISON. Jr arrival. / July 17. — Boomomug, e., from GJfulstono. ST. LAURltKCE. . : DEPARTU RE. July 17- — Tinoneo, s., for P\ort Alackny. PILOT STATION. drpartu)8e> v July 16.— Hamlet'b Ghost, ytcht, for Bowon. . --'brisbaev : arrival, July 16. — Clarence, s„ from jtookhu...,. .. ') SI'DNEY. arrival. £ July 1G; — Amy RobBurt, schooner, from Baffle Creole. departure. July 17. — Alpha, schooner, for Alaryborougli. Drunkards. — On Wednesday ono man only was brouglit before tho Bench on a charge of being found drunk, niid on Thursday two of tho same fraternity ma''o their oppeaninees behind tlio Biir ; they were fined respectively 5s. with tho option of 24 hours imprison ment. One young lady, who oxprcssed hor deep contrition nlso presented hcrsolf on Thursday Ho his Worship, who kiudly reproved ber and fined liorvGs. \ 