THE STOCKWELL GHOST. (FROM ' CASSBIX's MAGAZINE.') I In the year 1772 ODe Mrs. Golding, an ?elderly lady °i independent fortune and treat respectability, was the occupant of a Rouse at Stockwell, Surrey. She had been Kom in the parish, and had only once quitted ?it in the whole course of her life. She was Ijnnch esteemed by her neighbours, and re I girded generally as a person of worth and I About ten ociock in tne ioreuoon on llfonday, the 6th of January, 1772, as Mrs. I Golding was sitting in her parlour, she was I dunned by the noise of falling glass and [chin*. The sound appeared to proceed I fKm the back kitchen of her house. Pre I sently her maid, Ann Robinson, a young I woman of about twenty, who had only I within a few days entered her service, came I to her ard stated that the plates and dishes I were tumbling from the shelves of their f own accord, in the most extraordinary way. Mrs. Golding went at once into her kitchen. She found the floor strewn with broken crockery. In a minute or two, while she mb standing there, she saw o row of plates from mother shelf fall down. Nobody ? ii! nur them, and there was nothing to I account for their falling. She was greatly I amazed at what she had seen. Forthwith I other things began to tumble about, and [ violent noises were heard alt over the ! house. A dock tumbled down and the I cue ; a lantern that was hanging on the I staircase was thrown down and the - glass I smashed to piece ; an earthen pan, contain- , I ing salt beef, was shattered, and the beef1 I to flung abont the floor. Certain of her I neighbours were sent for, or came to the I house of their own accord Among them [ was one Rowlidge, a carpenter, who an [ nounced his opinion that the foundation I was giving way, and that the house was 1 about to fall, owing to the excessive weight I of an additional room which had been I erected on the rooL RoTflidge'a view did not appear to be correct, however. The house was safe enough. But whichever my Mrs. Golding and her maid tamed, they were followed by the fall of crockery tnd the opsetting of furniture. MraGold | ing ran into the house of a Mr. Greeham, I who lived next door, and then, overoomt [ by tenor, fainted away. | Meanwhile, Rowlidge and others sharing i his opinion as to the dangerous state of the i house, set to work to remove Mrs. Gold ; ing's effects from the premises. At this time all had become quiet again. Robinson, the servant, who had gone up-staire, was ; called to several times to come down and leave the house, so as to be out 'of danger. i It was noticed at the . time : that Bhe had | answered very coolly, and moved about de | liberate^, as though unconscious or reck j less of the peril of her situation. ; A messenger was dispatched to Mrs. i Golding's niece, the wife of Mr. Pain, a ! &nner;, living at Brixton Caoseway. Mrs. P«in was entreated to' proceed ni&ectly; to i Stockwell, as her' aunt was supposed to be tying. When Mrs. Pain arrived, however, Mrs. Golding had recovered a, Uttle, but was still very feint . : ' :-, Mr. Gardner, a surgeon of Clapham, wms unt for, and proceeded to bleed Mrs. Gold ug. la the course of the operation, a duna basin, belonging to Mr. Gresham, was placed upon the floor. Presently the contents of the basin were jerked out, and the basin itself fell in pieces. This was we only property of Mr. Oresham'a that was injured. But all the articles that liad been brought from Mrs. Goldimfa house contbued to fall about arid break. A tray full of china, japan baskets, some mahogany waiters, bottles of liquors, pier-glasses, jars of pickles, etc., «11 %ere shattered. Some of the neighboure ^;inTiled to drink some wine or spirits, hut Tbefore tie bottles wold be uncorked they 2nd broken in pieces. ..'!..- .?? ; ??'??;- .-..- Subsequently, Mra.-3olding was removed to Mrs. Pain's house pear Brixtou Cause *V- After a-&w;~hours, Robinson, the ?errant, was sent back to Stockwell to As certain if any further accident had occurred were. She stated on her return Oat all 'ad been perfectly quiet since they had quitted the house. Meanwhile Mrs. Golding had been in a strangely perplexed condition. Her mind was described as 'one confused chaos.' 'She did not know what to do or where to go ; wherever «ne and her maid went* these strange des tructive circumstances followed her, and now to help or free hereelf from them was sot in her power or in any other person's.' For a time, Tiowever, tier fears were allayed, ft was not until eight o'clock in the even ing that any renewal of the scenes of dis turbance occurred. Then a row of pewter Plates rolled off a shelf on to fie floor, ricked up and placed on the dresser, they were thrown, down again. An egg that w«s upon a shelf flew oft crossed the Irit fnen, struck & cat upon the head and then woke. A pestle and mortar tiiat stood on tte mantlepiece jumped down about ax test on to the floor. Brass candlesticks and other articles followed it. After this «« glasses and china were placed for safety on the ground, but they presenUy began to *««» and tumble about and breaE A ^poti that wag among them, flew to Robinson's foot and struck it. A glass ' tumbler leaped up two feet from the floor, I and then fell and broke. A china bowl, I standing in the parlour, jumped a distance j of seven feet. A mustard-pot flew out of the cupboard. A single cup was burled from tlie table across the kitchen, and ring ing like a bell, was dashed to pieces against the dresser. The tea-kettles were flung about. A candlestick leaped a distance of fifteen feet. A tumbler, with rum and water in it, jumped ten feet, and was broktn. Then the table fell down witli every article resting upon it. Soon afterwards, a ham that hung on one side of the kitchen chimney, raised itself from its hook and fell on the ground. It* example 'was followed by another ham and a flitch of bacon hanging in the same chimney. All the family were eye-witnesses of these strange occurrences as well as other persons, some of whom, however, were so alarmed and shocked that they refused to remain in the house, and contented them selves with Finding to inquire at intervals whether all was over. Little endeavour seems to have been made to discover the cause of tbe phenomena. From first to last the disturbances continued for upwards of twenty hours. During the whole time, Bobinson the servant was walking back wards and forwards, either in the kitchen or in the parlour. She could not be induced to sit still for five minutes together, except at one time for about half an hour towards the morning, when the family were at prayers in the parlour ; then all was quiet But in the midet of the greatest confusion she had shown much composure, and had with great coolness entreated her mistress not to be alarmed or uneasy, as she said ' these things could not be helped.' It was thought marvellous at the time that one so young could remain in the midst of such calamitous circumstances, and not be struck with terror equally with the rest of of the company. It was concluded, bow ever, that she was disguising her fears, aud was not really so unmoved- as she affected to be. About ten o'clock at night, the family sent to a friend, Richard Fowler, living opposite, to desire him to come and stay with them. He remained in the house until one in the morning, when he had be come bo terrified that he took his depar ture precipitately to seek the shelter of his own root The noise continued throughout the night At five o'clock on the Tuesday morning, Mrs. Golding declared that she could stay in the house no longer. The work of destruc tion had been going on until there was scarcely a whole tea-cup or saucer on the. premises, and the tables, chairs, drawers, etc:, had been tossed add tumbled about in the wildest manner. It occurred to the family, that the foundation of this house also might be insecure. Accordingly, they removed in a panic over the way, to the residence of Mr. Fowler. But wher ever Mrs. Golding and her maid moved, the noises and destruction followed them. Mr. Fowler's property now began to suffer. Ann Bobinson then begged Fowler not to -allow her mistress to remain there, as she -said 'the same fatal events would cer tainly ensue.' Fowler, greatly Alarmed, thereupon begged Mrs. Golding to quit his house, first conjuring her to consider, for her own and the public's sake, whether she had not been guilty of some atrocious crime, for which Providence had determined to pursue and punish her on this side oi the grave 1 How otherwise, he asked, was the affliction which had fallen upon her to be accounted for. Poor Mrs. Golding replied that she would not stay in his house or in any other person's; that her conscience was quite clear ; and that she could as well wait the will of Providence in her own house as in any other place whatever. Forthwith she returned home with her maid, Mr. Pain accompanying them. ? Arrived at the house at Stockwell, how ever, the disturbance recommenced with increased violence. A nine-gallon cask of beer that stood in the cellar, the door being open and no person near it, turned npside down. A pail of water began to boil furiously, like a pot on the fire. A box of candies fell fiom. the kitchen shelf, to the ground ; the caudles rolled oat bat none were broken. And a round mahog any table in the parlour was suddenly overturned,. :. .? ... ': Mr. Pain then desired Mrs. Golding to send her servant - Bobinson to bring Mrs. Pain again to the house. Daring the ser vant's absence all was perfectly quiet Up on her return it was thought advisable to discharge her. With her departure the noises ceased. Within a week of the occurrence of the events above recited, a formal - narrative of the facts of the case was published It purported to be a true circumstantial and faithful account of what had happened. To it were appended the signatures of Mary Golding, John Pain, 'Mary Pain, Bichard Fowler, Sarah Fowler,- and Mary Martin, who vouched for the truth of the incidents narrated. They alleged that- they ; had as much as possible endeavoured 'to Btate only facts, without presuming to obtrude any opinion on them,' 'If we have,'* they continued, ?' in part hinted anything that may appear unfavourable to the girl (Robinson), it is not fiom a determination to charge her with the cause, right or wrong, but only from a strict adherence to truth, most sincerely wishing this extraordinary affair may.be unravelled.' The original copy of the narative, duly signed, was de posited with Mr. Marks, bookseller, Saint Martin's Lane, for the satisfaction of those who might be curious to inspect the same. 'The Stockwell Ghost,' as it was called, crested a most extraordinary stir. All London was in an uproar abont it With out doubt it would have made as great a sensation as the more famous ' Cock Lane Ghost' but that its visit lasted so short a time — only, some twenty hours in all The general belief, however, was to the effect that the disturbances were to be attributed to supernatural agency. Sir Walter Scott, in his letters on ' Demonolgy and Witch craft,' writes in allusion to the narrtive : ' So, many and wonderful are the appear ances described, that when I first met with the original publication, I tom strongly impressed with the belief thar the narrative was, like some of Swift's advertisements, a jocular experiment upon the credulity of the public But it was certainly published bnna fide, and Mr. Hone, on the authority | of Mr. Brayfield, has since fully explained the wonder.' The explanation, it may be noted, Low ever, was not forthcoming until nearly fifty ; years after the publication of the narrative. | Mr. Hone, in bis 'Everyday Bonk,' States that he had often conversed with a lady wbo had been an eyc-wituess of the extraordinary conduct of the furniture and crockery. She maintained that it was simply impossible such marvellous doings could have been contrived by human means. He learned, however, from a Mr. Brayfield, of Southampton-street, Camber well Green, some interesting particulars on the subject. Home years after tbe affair of the Stockwell Ghost, Mr. Brayfield had become acquainted with a woman named Bobinson. He was unaware at the time that she was no other than the servant of Mrs. Golding during the visitation of tbe ghost. He learnt the fact by accident, and in due time gathered from her the de tails of her share iu the mysterious occur rences. She confessed that she alone had caused the disturbances. She had affixed long horse-hairs to some of the articles of crockery, and inserted wires under others, and was thus enabled to throw them down at pleasure. She had, with her own bands, thrown down many things while the attention of the spectators had been at tracted in other directions. She had her self thrown the egg at the cat ; had loosened the hams and bacon on the hooks from which they were suspended, so that they might fall on the slightest touch ; and had made the water appear to boil by means of a chemical powder Bhe bad dropped into it. She stated that the spectators were too much alarmed to give due examination to the occurrences. They kept at a distance, and sometimes dosed their eyes in their dread of new horrors. Of the opportunities for further decep tion thus provided she availed herself to the full It iB difficult to perceive any motive for the girl's strange conduct It is not clear that she could profit by it to any great ex tent Mr. Brayfield alleged that there was 'a love story connected with the case,' and promised that when he had time he would write out the whole explanation as he received it from the woman herself. He died, however, before he had carried his intention into effect How love could have produced the Stockwell Ghost re mains, therefore, as great a mystery as any thing in the case. ' When she Baw the effect of her first feats,' said Mr. Bray field, 'she was tempted to exercise her dexterity beyond her original purpose for mere amusement She was astonished at the astonishment she caused, and so went on from one thing to another ; and being quick in her motions and shrewd, Bhe puzzled all the simple old people, and nearly frightened them to death.' Ac cording to Hone, Mr. Brayfield greatly enjoyed his recollections; was fond of a practical joke, and found great pleasure in the exploits of Ann Robinson. * It was by means of his acuteness, curiosity, and love of drollery, that he was enabled to extract from the woman the history of her trickery. 'As the matter was all over years ago, and no more harm could be done,' he said to Hone, ' I never talked about' it much for her sake ; but of this I can assure you, that the only magic in the thing was her dexterity and the people's simplicity.' The explanation thus furnished seems satisfactory enough. It is quite clear that the disturbances only took place when Ann Robinson was present, aud ceased immediately upon her withdrawal from the scene. That she should have remained so long unsuspected is certainly curious. There was a predisposition, however, to as cribe the events to some supernatural cause. Belief in witchcraft was, at the time, prevalent It seemed then more reasonable to think that magic should be at work, than that a servant girl should act extravagantly and wickedly. A conjecture is permissible, however, that Ann Robinson's conduct was the result of impulse rather than deliberation. She found herself, let us say, in the service of an aged and credulous mistress. An acci dent had happened. From a want of care she had broken some china article of value. Anxious to screen herself from blame, she had professed, as servants are apt to do on such occasions, that the thing had broken of itself, without any action on her part Then, nervous about tbe credibility of her case, she proceeded to strengthen it by de monstrating how other things could be broken by invisible means, and without the intervention of human agency. She found her mistress weak, astonished, cre dulous, possibly short-sighted. She pro ceeded to greater lengths. She was pos sessed of power ; it was a new sensation to her, and her appetite for it grew with morbid activity. She could deceive, and she derived pleasure from her ability in that respect The bolder Bhe grew, the more venturesome her flights of imposture, so muck the more her dupes became weaker and more fatuous. She did not spare them, the more especially that it became necessary for her own character and safety to feed belief in the ghost she had created. Directly the marvels ceased, reason would return, suspicion would be excited, and inquiry would be instituted. Accordingly, Bhe took care that the marvels should not cease — Bhould be very fully displayed until the last moment of her re maining in the service of Mrs. Golding, her mistress. Upon the whole, her plans must hare succeeded beyond her most sanguine expectations. Fur not only in her own day did belief in the Stockwell Ghost find general ac ceptance. In later times of spirit-rapping, and faith in abnormal manifestations, an inclination has been shown to attribute the disturbances in Mrs. Golding's house to supernatural action, and to dispute the accuracy of Mr. Brayfield's explanation of the phenomena. Thus, in her rnrious work, 'The Night Side of Nature' (1852), Mrs Crowe writes of tbe Stockwell Ghost: — 'I have heard some people assert that the mystery of this affair was subsequently explained away, and the whole found to be a trick. But that is a mistake. Some years ago, I was acquainted with persons whose parents wore Jiving on tbe spot at the time, who knew all the details, and to them it remained just as great a mystery as ever. Not the smallest light had even been thrown upon it, People are bo triad to get rid of troublesome mysteries of this description, that they are ready to say, ' The trick has been found out !' and those who pride themselves on Dot believing idle stories are to the last degree credulous when ' the idle story' flatters their scepticism.' On the other hand, however, Mis. Crowe might have noted that many people are so much in love with mystery for its own sake, that they will refuse to accept any reasonable and simple explanation of the matter in question, aud will, in preference, adhere to their preconceived, unhealthy fancies on the subject. Mrs. Crowe is dis posed to attribute the proceedings at Stock well to the action of what tbe Germans cali the '.Poltergeist,' or 'racketing spec tre,' and she records other instances of very similar phenomena ; adding, rather vaguely, ' I feel doubtful whether sunie of these strange circumstances may not have been connected with electricity m one form ur another.' But while we are provided with so clear au explanation of tbe mystery as is comprised iu Aim Kobiusuu's con fession to Mr. Brayfield, it hardly seems necessary to make a follergeist accountable in tbe matter. Allowing for some little exaggeration in the narrative of the trans actions iu Mrs. Goldiug's house, tbere was really nothing accomplished beyond what a dexterous and unscrupulous woman, aided by the superstitious terrors of those about her, aud their evident willingness to be deceived, was able to perform by the most simple aud natural means. The first step iu the scheme of imposture was, of course, the great difficulty, but afterwards further fraud was easy euough. When oue platter bad been broken, by what was at once re garded as supernatural agency, it was no great task to proceed to the smashing of a whole shell-full, at the earliest con venient opportunity. Two explanations being offered, oue simple and intelligible, the olher complicated aud obscure; it cer tainly seems advisable to adopt the former. On this principle, we prefer to tbiijk that the Stockwell Ghost was Ann liotiuson, aud not a Poltergeist, or any other ana logous fantastic creature. j 