CURRENT TOPICS. A meeting of Irishmen favorable to the formation of a St. Patrick's Society in Gee long was held at the Town Hall last even ing, when there were about 300 persons ■ present, the Rev. Matthew Downing occu pying the chair. The Rev. B. H. Power delivered a powerful address in favor of the movement, and a society to be called "The Geclong and Western District St. Patrick's Society" was formed with 200 enrolled members to commence with. Rules for the guidance of the society were adopted, and officers and a committee ap pointed. The body is to be registered under the Friendly Societies' Act, and its objects will be found on reference to our report of the meeting, which appears in another column. A meeting of the Geelong shareholders in the Great northern Company is to be held this evening at Mr J. M. Garrett's. The saving the corporation makes by lighting the town with kerosene instead of with gas is more than half, this has en abled the Town Council to provide various parts of the town with a number of extra lights, without making any increase to the lighting rate. The lamp posts have been erected for some time, and the burgesses are anxious to know when they will be fitted up.. The benefit the town would enjoy from being well lighted on the dark winter nights, when the streets and paths are wet and sloppy, is not realised from the delay, and we shall have the summer here before we enjoy the additional lamps. Our Colac correspondent writes :—" On Tuesday evening, at dusk, His Excellency the Governor passed through Colac to the residence of William Robertson. Esq., where His Excellency trill stay for a few days prior to his visiting Warrnainbool. The local elections are not engrossing even ordinary attention, and it is scarcely pro bable that there will be more than one contest, if that For the Corangamite Riding, Councillor Murray will be allowed to walk the course, as it is well known that no other candidate would stand the ghost of a chance against him. For Beeac Riding, Councillor Connor will in all pro bability be also allowed to walk the course, although many of the Loyal Liberals would like to take the local honors from him in consequence of the independent stand he took in the House during the recent crisis. For Wearing Riding, Mr Macmahon is the retiring councillor, and it is stated that he is not anxious for the honor of being again elected. John Timms, Esq, of Mount Hesse, has been requested to allow himself to be nominated, and that gentleman" having complied with the request, there is, therefore, every pro bability of his being elected. The weather has been extremely cold, and we have had showers occasionally. The committee of our Hospital deserve every credit for the excellent manner they conduct that institution, and for the li berality which characterises their general management, but we think in one respect a matter has been overlooked by them which it only requires to be brought under their notice to be remedied, and that is the ne cessity of granting some pecuniary assis tance to the Gaol chaplain who spends several hours every day in ministering to the spiritual wants of those patients who desire to be benefitted by Ms aid. The stipend he receives has bern reduced this year by £25, and it is now only £125 per annnm, which is inadequate to hia support It is nothing but right that the Hosipital Committee should make a donation of £25 a-year'for the services rendered to the institution. number of flags were yesterday hoisted half-mast high, out of respect to the memoiy of Mr J. G. Mack, one of our oldest inhabitants. " • -The road hoard elections have not began to attract any great interest as yet about Meredith. We believe that Messrs Reid and Boyd are the members who retire by rotation. It is not likely that either of them will be opposed. The magistrates at the Central police court yesterday were occupied until past two o'clock, the principal business for their attention being the investigation of the charges of stealing wearing apparel against the three men, Charles Smith, John Sin clair, and Alfred Watt. There were four charges' in all, and the quantity of clothing and other material which had. been dis covered "planted" by the police took up no little room in the court. The evidence did not implicate Smith and Watts, who bad' been lodging in the Thistle hotel, Corio street, where the " plant" was found and they were discharged, but Sinclair, who when the usual question was put to him by the bench, as to whether he had anything to say in defence, said he was " guilty of all," was committed to take his trial ,at the next sittings of the General Sessions, which will be held on the 20th August. Sinclair also stated that Mrs Brown, the keeper of the hotel, who was charged with feloniously receiving, knew nothing about the robbery, but on the evidence being again gone over, the bench committed the woman also for trial. The entertainment given in the Mechanics' Institute last evening was not so well patronised as we should have thought any entertainment would be that had for its object the increasing of the funds of the Ladies' Benevolent Association. The front seats were tolerably well filled, but the at tendance in the shilling place was very scant. The paucity of the attendance is chiefly attributable to the fact that neither of the readers, Madame Cook or Mrs Floy, were known to the Geelong public, and people in these " penny reading" days are ;very chary about spending a shilling unless they know they are really going to get something good for it. With regard to Madame Cook's abilities as a reader, truth compels us to state that we are afraid, in becoming a public reader, she has mistaken, her occupation. Madame Cook is an elderly and no doubt a well educated lady, hut her voice has not sufficient compass for a hall like that of the Mechanics' Institute, and is more suitable for a schoolroom. We agree however with our preliminary remarks that she did n'ot come there to teach the audience how to read, and that useful books were now-a-days put away on the shelf to make ■way for those of a sensational and trashy character. Mrs Floy is decidedly a better actress than she is a reader, although her reading of " Caudle made a mason" was worthy of the applause with which it was greeted. She also read ""Woman's short comings" in good style, but still, as we have said before, she is a better actress than she is a reader, and with due care and attention would in a short time take a leading posi tion on the stage. This was fully proved by the manner in which she depicted the Jewish maiden, Leah the Forsaken, in that very difficult passage in the drama, " The Maiden's Curse." The Volunteer band was present and under the leadership of Mr Walker discoursed most excellent music, and fully compensated for any shortcomings in the" other portion of the entertainment. Those who have heard the celebrated Lancashire Bell-ringers will agree with us when we say they are not likely to forget the sweet music discoursed. On the occa sion of their first visit to Geelong they created quite a furore, it being the general opinion that they had not their equals in the world. We did not expect that Gee long would ever be able to lay claim to a troupe equally talented, but now we fiud that such an event has come about. Hear ing that Mr Lynch, of Chilwell, had recently imported a complete set of hand bells from the celebrated firm of Mears and Stainbank, we yesterday paid him a visit, and were surprised to find ourselves in the midst of quite a musical family, Mr Lynch and his four sons being enthusiastic cam pagnolians. The hand-bells, forty in num ber, were only received about a fortnight ago, and are made of the very best metal, with the latest improvements, The Lan cashire Ringers used soprano bells made of inferior metal to those imported by Mr Lynch; while the latter are tenor bells, and have a splendid tone. The leather is fixed into the clapper by means of a screw, thus allowing a better and more distinct blow being struck than under the old system when the leather was merely bound round. MrLynch and his sous have already perfected themselves in sixty of the most popular pieces oi music, and in a short time will make their appearance before the public, when, if colonial talent is at all appreciated, they certainly deserve to be as successful as the Lancashire troupe. Yesterday we heard them play a number of tunes most accurately, and amongst them were— " When the kie cames name," " The High land fling," " There is nae luck about the house," etc. One of the ringers is quite a little wonder; he is only eight years of age, but he performs with as great accuracy as his father. In addition to the hand-bells the company also perform on the stand bells,; and on these we heard them play several selections from Horma and other operas. The most interesting portion of the entertainment, however, will be the youngest son playing on the clock- bells, accompanied by his elder brother and father on the concertina, and by another brother on the flute. Mr Lynch expects to be able to make his first appearance in public in about a month, and in conclusion we need only state that those who once hear the entertainment will be glad to hear it repeated There was a. very good attendance at the rooms of the Ho. I Volunteer Artillery last evening,' when the long promised great coats were served out to no fewer than 91 members of the corps. The coats are mad$ of a good heavy material and plenty of it. Great amusement was caused by the ap pearance of some of the shortest of the men when they tried' them on. When they lifted the collars there was nothing but great coat to be seen ; big as thev are, however, there was not one sufficiently capacious to contain a corpulent volunteer, notwithstanding that three gallant soldiers tried to make the two ends meet. The officers ; in attendance were Major Heath and Lieutenant Hague. During the past month the weather lias heen occasionally very cold; this has been accounted for from the quantity of snow that has fallen upon the high ground in the interior, and yet notwithstanding the ; low range of the thermometer we observe families regularly frequent the baths for a plunge in the sea, never being deterred by the coldijess of the temperature. The rosy cheeks and high spirits the children enjoy on their way home clearly prove I how healthy has been the recreation. Servant girls who are inclined to acts of petty pilfering from their employers should' take warning by the fate of one of the fra ternity named Johanna Paul, who was yesterday sent to gaol for a month by the magistrates at the Central Police Court for 'steading three silver spoons from the house of her employer. Several 'complaints have reached us of the danger travellers are liable to in cross ing the Winchelsea bridge on dark nights, and it has been suggested that a light should he placed at each end of the bridge. Situated as it is in a valley, it is dangerous to those coming from the higher ground on each side of the river enveloped in dark ness, and anybody who may happen to be driving without lights is very likely to meet with a collision, and perhaps dangerous accident. A kerosene lamp kept lighted at < each end of the bridge during the long' dark nights of the winter months would cost very little money, and be a great boon to travellers. "We throw out the hint to the shire council. Mr Thomas Lyttleton, who although ail amateur, is .'without doubt one' of the best annual painters in the colony, is about to dispose of his collection of pictures by art union. The paintings, which are all on sporting subjects, include admirable por traits of some of the best known and most favourite racehorses in the colonies, and any one of these" will prove an acceptable prize to members of the turf. The draw ing takes place next Monday. The low tides that have prevailed during the last week, have revealed the fact that the eastern portion of the bay is fast filling up. It has been observed that since the ship channel has been cut through the bar that the tides have had a different set to what they formerly had, and that the western shore is being washed away and the deposit lodged near the eastern bathing houses, which, at very low water, can be nearly approached dry shod. Some three years ago it was remarked that large beds of sea weed were growing in patches on the mud; deposit; these appear to have died out, as scarcely any can now be seen, but the debris from them forms a thick fringe along the shore. The Age. boasts that it has advocated the postal and passenger route via the Cape of Good Hope, "almost single handed for many years." We imagine such a state ment can no further go, but it is passing strange and wonderful, that if its state ment is correct, it did not advocate the route when the Postal Conference was sitting. We believe the truth to be, that after we took it up, and the Conference as we predicted it would, turned out a nullity, it followed suit. Possibly this is what it means by " almost single handed." A meeting of shareholders in the Koke wood Quartz and Alluvial G. M. Co. was held yesterday at the Black Bull Hotel. Everything passed off most satisfactorily, the shareholders present being evidently pleased with their prospects. The deed of association was adopted, ard it was inti mated that the same will be ready for sig nature on the 28th instant. A report of the proceedings will be found elsewhere. If we may judge by the remarks made by the local journals, Wood's Point is a re markably innocent place. There appeata to be some truth in these remarks, as we find that his Honor Judge Cope has paid another visit to the place, and found no criminals on whom to pass judgment. Banker's clerks at Wood's Point appear to be a more moral lot than our contem porary attempts to make out those of Gee long to be, as we find they believe more in snowballing than in interrupting a local evangelist. The Alexandra Times says— Friday morning presented a very pictur esque appearance at Wood's Point, the surrounding hills and the township being • covered with snow. The usual sport of snowballing was indulged in at intervals until Saturday afternoon, when, business being over, a desparate plan of attack and defence was. set up between the Govern ment officials and the Bankers, the latter ' being routed after a desperate resistance. "We draw the attention of our Queens cliff friends to what our Melbourne corre spondent recommends in his letter in to-day's issue, anent the attainment of a letter-carrier, which the Hon. C. Jenner, M.L.C., writes he was unable to obtain lor them from the Government. We notice by advertisement that Madame Cook and Mrs Floy are to repeat their entertainment on Friday evening. The prospectus of a new quartz-mining company, to be called the Grassy Gully Quartz Mining Company, Rokewood, ap pears in another column. Another instance came before us yester day of the incorrect geographical knowledge possessed by many people at home concern ing Australia. In reading over the cata logue issued by Messrs Mears & Stainbank, the celebrated bell- founders, and the manufacturers of St. Paul's bells, we find they have furnished a peal of six bells for St. James' Cathedral, Melbourne, South Australia. It is now pretty certain (says the Argus) that the only constituencies which will be contested in the ensuing elections will be Mornington, South Bourke, Ballarat West,~ and the Ovens. In Mornington Mr Gillies is hard at work, and Mr M'Culloch will open his campaign on Saturday evening, at Cranboume, when he •will address the Sec tors. In South Bourke the contest will be very warm, both candidates knowing the district well, and being well known in it. Both are working hard, and holding meet ings nightly. Messrs Jones and Vale spoke at Ballarat West on Monday last. Mr Doane will follow them, and a very strong belief is entertained that a seat will be gained by the Constitutionalists there. Mr Carter makes good way in the Ovens, where Mr G. V. Smith, relying on the" favor of the constituency, has not yet put in an appearance. It is probable that Mr Grant will not visit Avoca before the early part of next week; and it will depend on the result of a meeting which was to be held at Eaglehawk on Tuesday night whether Mr Halfey "will contest Mandu rang, where' Mr, Casey is said, to he not very popular. A gentleman, resident somewhere upon the Ovens River, writes to a relative of hi* at Ararat (says the Advertiser) in refer ence to fanning and sheep- breeding pros pects in that vicinity. One portion of his letter is very sensational, and if true, is worthy of publication. He says "We have got a veritable wild man ' of the woods, whose residence, as near as I can guess, is not more than ten or twelve miles from me. I judge that this is about the distance, he cause he* has been seen within a twelve mile radius half a dozen times. R says he saw him twice, the last time was when after cattle, yesterday." He is in clined to think that the man is either a maniac, or some one who is not a great remove from madness; when first seen, about a month ago, he was dressed in opossum.and kangaroo skins, and was fol lowed by a kind of mongrel terrier; he has not been seen outside of a rocky and steep range of hills, where it is impossible to run a horse. They often speak about him in the hut; some say he is a digger, who is making his pile on the quiet; and others regard him as some poor silly shepherd, or some one whose brain has been put astray by drinking the beautiful stuff, with which nearly all the grog shops in this quarter are supplied." The Ararat Advertiser reportsOne of the sons of Mr Colin Campbell, of Buangor, met with a sad accident on Friday last while hunting opossums. The boy had climbed a high tree, and having disturbed the animal he was in quest of made a blow at it with his tomahawk, which was well enough directed to kill the game, but which was tlie cause of the lad losing his balance and falling to the ground, a distance of thirty feet. It is supposed he broke his fall considerably by clinging to a spray, but when taken up be was _ found to be hi- . sensible, and in this state he remained up till yesterday, I)r Hooper, who was im mediately sent for, and who li^s been un remitting in his attention since lie wis summoned to the station, states that the hoy may now be pronounced out of danger, and oilers every hope of his speedy return *to convalesence. The commanding officer's parade of So. 2 yplunteer Artillery was attended last evening by between sixty and seventy members, who went through their drill with commendable skiil. The officers in command were Captain Rashleigb and Lieut. Price, and Captain Kashleigh has requested us to remind, his men that they can have their great coats by making applir cation for them this evening at the rooms. An Ovens paper winds up its report of their local borough proceedings in this somewhat off-hand style: — " After a general conversation about nuisances, pigs, See., the council adjourned." A kangaroo hunt at Harton Hills took place last Tuesday. The attendance, says the Warnambool Examiner, was fair and the sport good. About 1,500 kangaroos of all sizes were killed, the greater proportion of which consisted of noble old foresters. Some of these must haye stood nearly, nine feet high when erect. About 14,000 kan garoo have been killed on Harton Hills sta tion during the last year. It is currently reported that Mr G. P. ftmith. the Attorney-General, -who at pre sent is wooing the sweet voices of the elec tors of South Bourke, is editor of the Leader, a paper issued from the Age office. We believe ourselves that Mr G. P. Smith is other editor or one of the leading contri butors of the Leader, hut even supposing he is not, here is what that paper of Feb the Sth 186S, says of his colleague, Mr G. Y- Smith:—"It is not pleasant to lose a seat, otherwise we should not deeply regret the disappearance of Mr G. V. Smith from public life. Beyond displaying inordinate vanity, he has accomplished nothing. He it was who at the beginning of the session offered to make a corrupt bargain with Mr Fellows—that if the Opposition in the Le gislative Council would consent to payment of members, he would assist in the expul sion of the Ministry should they refuse to bring in a bill for that purpose. If Mr G. V. Smith lost his seat, honest Ministerialists would not he difficult to console. Ho reli ance can he placed on an indivdual capable of such conduct.'' A correspondent at Shelford writes to ns of a pig which exceeds the large one we noticed recently; he says, "I killed one yesterday not twenty-two months old, which was 8 feet 21 inches in length and 7 feet 1 inch in girth. It weighed when dressed 625 lbs; it was not to say fat, hut a picture."^ Mr WmT Hrxon. writes to the Argus re specting his application to Mr Yale for a remission of duties to forward the Glass manufacture as iollows:—"I see by the : report of the Ballarat Courier of this"day"s j date that Mr Jones, in his address to the ; electors of Ballarat West, states 'that he ■jiZS present at the interview' between the / -^nmisaoner of Trades and Customs and myself and that 'Mr Yale said, that while he was desirous of doing all to further Mr Xixons industry, he could not remit the duties without the authority of Parlia ment.' I Beg most positively to deny that Mr Jones was present at the interview, and that Mr Yale ever promised, either directly or indirectly, to fbrther the esta blishment of a flint-glass manufactory, in stead of which the demeanour of the Com missioner of Trade and Customs was very Sir from courteous. The report of my interview with Mr Yale is truly stated, and verbatim of what took place, as reported in this day's Herald. I further said to the hon. the Commissioner of Trade and Customs that I would forego the past duties, and asked him to make further pro virion in the new tariff to allow the raw material to come in duty free. His reply was—' Any communication you have got to make upon that subject, send it in in writing to the department, and 1*11 submit it to Mr Guthrie.' " Oil the 24th of last month, says the Bathurst Times, a miner named Joseph Chnstopherson, and two other men, regis tered at the Gold' Commissioner's Office, Brfhurst, a prospecting claim at Ophir. These men prosecuted their search diligently and a few days ago were rewarded by the discovery of a rich deposit of gold in a thin van of quartz running through the slate rock. Christopherson and his mates have already taken out over sixty pounds' weight of the precious metal. with every prospect of a still greater quantity coming to light Truly, old Ophir is not half done yet. We are informed that a rush has set in sinnn the above facts have been made known. - James Clarke, of Kedfern street Sydney, has several trees which have borne three crops of apples in twelve months, the blos som appealing when the apples were ripen ing. These trees are from seed which came from America with the last cargo of ice that came from that region. The Albury Banner of the 18th inst thus reports the sinking of one of the Murray river steamers :—" Shortly before going to press last night we received a report that the new steamboat, Corowa, had met with some accident on her return voyage down the river, and had gone to the bottom about nine miles below Corowa. She was laden with a cargo of wheat, which she had ship ped at Howlong. It is said that both steamer and cargo are insured." It is declared by a proclamation in the Mew Zealand Gazette; under the hand of the Superintendent of the Province of Canterbury, that as regards the importation of cattle to that province, the colonies of "Victoria, Mew South Wales, Queensland, South Australia, West Australia Tas . f tluia, and the Cape of Good Hope, would Be considered as infected places, under the provisions of the Mew' Zealand Diseased Cattle Ampndropnt Act, 1S65, from and after the 12th June last. The Ballarat Star has pleasure in stating that Mrs Bogers is gradually gaining strength, and some hope is now entertained that she may recover from the dreadful injuries she received. The Tasmanian Times makes the follow ing remarks with reference to the Geelong cloth:—""We were shown a few days ance some samples of cloth woven at the Geelong Factory- It would be impossible to produce better specimens of pure woollen doth—at once thick, soft, substantial, 'and fine. The fabric known as Sydney tweed has never been brought to a similar per fection. Mr Cook has several varieties of doth of different patterns and stoutness. But the quality of all is equally superior. This is some of the doth which obtained a bonus as a 1 novel industry' under a special vote of the Victorian Legislature. Mot withstanding the excellence of'-the article, the price is extremely reasonable and would,; of course, be still less but for the package duty which is levied on it by the Tasmanian tariff" We cnll the following caution to trades men from the Ballarat Courier, and publish it, as there is no telling how soon the elegant stranger may take it into his head to visit Geelong:—"We have been re quested to put tradesmen on their guard against an individual calling himself John and sometimes George Alexander, who has been giving orders to various tailors for suits of dothes to he made to order; and sent home to his address, on pretence that he would sent hack cash by the messenger. It is an old swindling dodge, hut fortu nately in the cases of Messrs Courbould and Bees, Campbell, and Buckle, was not successful, in so far as parting with their goods. The parcels in two instances were sent, hut, owing to some fortunate error, to the wrong address. In the third case, the sharper smelt the trap that was laid to catch him, and sent a boy instead of call ing himself for the parcel- This liberal patron of the fashions is a tall, slim, and afiable gentleman, and is particularly noticeable for the very particular choice he makes of his materials. So we must verse the proverb for once and say cms vendor. According to the Pastoral Times, shear ing will commence at Mossgiel on the 20t August. The average price per bundle for shearing seems to he about 17s 6d, it stead of as formerly, 20s. The diminishe price for wool and the general depre sion of the times would appear to neccss late this lowering of the price of labor. trier Majesty has, through the Secretary Q. State for "the colonies sent a despatch to the Earl of Belmore, to the effect that Iler Majesty's sense of the loyalty of the colonists of Australia, and of their splendid reception of the Duke of Edinburgh, has been in ho degree impaired by the at tempt of O'Earrell on the life of the Prince. It is with Tery great pleasure and satis faction, says a 2few Zealand paper, thai we hare learnt from a visit to Mr Hans ford's fkr mill and rope manufactory, at Coal Point, that the utilisation of the patiye flak for valuable mercantile products is progressing most satisfactorily. Mr Slausfold has at present employed three ropemakers and one hackler, which indi cates a power of producing the prepared material of no inconsiderable degree. It h purposed shortly to commence the manu facture of two-inch rope, and used as clothes lines and plough reins, will soon he produced in ample quantities to supph local demands. Y\ e understand that tbt. refuse can be readily sold for stuffing mattresses and chairs at fourpenee pei pound. One oi the carriers who takes wool from tie rtstwas ja ft; waity «£ tks Gjiwa* plans to Geelong, states that during his last trip he saw a mob of about 200 wild horses. He had (says the Ararat Advertiser) risen a short time before daylight to give his team a feed, and after returning to his bed and sleeping a short time, he was awakened by a sound which at first he thought was thunder, but as the noise became more dis tinct, he thought he recognised the tramp ling of a large herd of oxen. On looking out he was surprised to find that it was a mob of horses galloping towards his dray, as though they had been startled unex pectedly from their camping grounds. The inob was of all colors, that predominating being bay, though fuliy a third appeared to be jet black. Some of the animals were fully fifteen hands high, and others not much larger than Shetland ponies; between the latter and the leaders of the mob there was every variety of "weed." They came full upon the waggon before noticing it, but when they saw it they branched oli" on each ride with increased speed. The effect which the passage of the mob had on the carrier's horses was the reverse of good. They sought to join them, hobbled though they were, and galloped after the mob for nsrrly a mile. "When brought back to the dray, their pasterns were severely cut by their fetters. The Ballarat Star remarks—That an article in the Age of Tuesday, threatens us ■with another deadlock at no very distant date, and likewise plainly intimates that the ministry has no intention of reforming the Constitution. The Age too seems to labor under the delusion that in giving the Council a right of veto in money bills an endeavor is being made to imitate the American senate. The Age does not seem to be aware that in all British colonies having constitutional government the upper houses have this right of veto, in regard to which we strongly recommend a calm perusal of the debate in the House of Lords on the Darling grant. "We won der what will be thought of a ministry that believes the Constitution to he un workable and yet refuses to take any steps to amend it, when the whole country is clamoring for amendment. It will "be remembered that during the visit of the Duke of Edinburgh to this colony, Airs Charles Gray, of Uarbee Karbiee, presented His Koyal Highness with two vases of unique character. They were made from the eggs of the black swan on which were etched, in a very finished style of art, by Mrs Gray herself some sketches of natural history. The Duke was so pleased with these vases that be requested Airs Gray to make another pair for presentation to Her Majesty the Queen. The lady, of course, was delighted to com ply with the Koyal request, and she has made two pairs of vases, which have been tastefully mounted in silver by Kilpatriek and Co. The first and larger pair have a i base of richly polished blackwood, and are surmounted by a flower-basket. The! sketches on these are very elegantly exe cuted, and display a high degree of artistic talent. They embrace views of the Galatea j making up to the pilot-vessel outside of Fort Phillip Heads; of the same vessel entering the Heads; of Mount Sturgeon; and one particularly graphic and pictur esque sketch of a scene in the Western District. The two smaller vases represent each a fern, the leaves of which are most I delicately wrought in frosted silver, sur mounted by an egg; on one of these is etched a view of Fern-tree Gully, and on the other a view of the Wannon Falls. This hand=ome present for Her Majesty will he sent home by the Somersetshire, j and will convey to the highest personage j in the realm an idea of the refinement and taste which are not unfrequently to he found in the Australian hush. At the recent hearing of a case in the Talbot Police Court, Detective Daly, who , was acting as prosecutor, suggested to the j bench the desirability of referring a point raised by Mr Hoslans to the Attorney General for his opinion, upon which Mr | Hoslans expressed a hope they would do nothing of the kind, as he considered the Attorney-General was not half as capable , of forming an opinion upon any subject as their worships were. The bench evidently did not endorse Mr Hoskins's " opinion " ; as to the Attorney-General's abilities, though they thought it unnecessary to com ply with the detective's request. . It lias often been a matter of surprise to j us that the careless way in which trees are felled does not create more accidents. At home when a tree'is to he cut down, every imaginable precaution is taken to prevent accidents; but here, a woodcutter thinks nothing of going into the hush by himself and after making an incision in the leaning side of the tree he chops dorm to the cut on the other, trusting in many cases to chance as to which way the tree will falL The Ivioma Pilot thus reports an accident from tree felling:—" An accident of a very alarming nature befell Mr Andrew Brown, of Broughton Creek, on the Sth instant. It appeared he was falling some timber in company with another man, and having partly cut through a' tree, they left it standing, and commenced to hew another of a larger size, which before they were aware ofi gave way, striking the one that was left standing, which struck Sir Brown on the head just as he was getting out of the way. So great was the injury he sus tained, that he bled from the mouth, nose, and ears, and remained insensible for four days." The following items of mining news are from a late issue of the Bockhampton Bul letin " The "Valentine Machine finished S>n Saturday with eleven and a quarter tons of stone belonging to Messrs Beed and Haylcs. On washing up it was found that the proceeds of the crushing were 41 ozs. 5 dwts. 12 grs^ or an average of 3 ozs. 18 dwts. to the ton."—A correspondent writing from Bidgelands says:—" The prospecting claim on the Gaidy Moonlight Beef was laid off by Mr Jardine on the 28th ultimo. The prospectors are "William Gin and G. A- Mitchell- They are still busily engaged at work and expect a good return for their labor. The vein is increasing in thickness as they go down," and the stone still pro mises well, so far as appearance is concerned. Several claims hare been taken up on the line of the reef hut veiy few of them are at work. B. Gf Gordon and party are still keeping at the sinking; their vein shows out but to a small extent, jet their stoue shows very well, and they are getting some good specimens. The sinking at the Prospector's claim is very hard, but with vigorous work they are getting the stone out. They have about three tons of it at Johnson's Quartz Crushing Machine, and intend having that quantity tested by the machine to ascertain what amount of gold the stone bears. There is no doubt a good deal to hope for in favor of reefing. On this part of the diggings our great want is machinery, and if we had plenty of that the poor diggers would have a. -chance. There are any amount of reefs to he had, and with a sufficiency of machinety ."trade would brighten up, and a more satisfactory state of affairs for the district would he the result." All idea about kangaroo yards was (says the Warruambool Examiner) suggested to us the other day, and it has been recalled to on. ijemoiy by the letter of a corre lelit sponuefct on the subject pf kangaroo, The great aim of flockowners, as " Eos et Ovis" justly remarks, is to exterminate the kan garoo, who consumes the grass so largely, and with this view yards have been budt at very great expense. The obnoxious animals, however, become so wary after having once escaped being slaughtered, that they can scarcely be driven in the direction of the yards, but break through the cordon of riders who strive to hem them in. This difficulty might be obviated if a number of land proprietors or others would join toge ther in acquiring a quantity of high and close fencing which might be removed from one run to another, or placed in different ,>arts of the same run, as circumstances "night demand. In this way every kan raroo drive would almost surely be success ful, as the game would suspect no snare till hey were fairly netted. On the score of abour and expense, there would be great living as compared with the system now followed. Attention is called to the sale of house lold furniture which is to be held by Mr M. S. Leyy, at the Court House Hotel, this fry. ' ' 