LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS. The retreat from Insolvency is now a Limited Company — for we observe that when a man finds himself in difficulties, he has only to fee a smart agent — issue serin — and lo, his respon- sibilities aro shifted on to the shoulders of a lot of unfortunate shareholders, who are pro foundly ignoraut of the nature of their obli gations, and how far tbey are compromised by them. Some time since wo endeavored to point out to our readers tho want of facilities afforded for the formation of Limited Mining Partnerships, never at that time contemplat ing that tho litorited. furore would extend to a large part of the Press of Queensland aud thus destroy its independence, and we feel bound to return to a subject which, in pro portion to itB importance, seems to be but slightly understood by tho public. So far as we are individually concerned, the more com panies the better, but so far as the companies are concerned, is another matter. At the outset then we assert, that so far as we can discover, there does not at present exist in the Statute Book of this Colony any general Act which would render it sofe or prudent for any ono to become a partner of a public Joint Stock Company. Our Statute Books abound with special Acts conceded to Banks, Insur ance Companies, Coal Companies, aud numer ous others, but there seems to us that there are no general Acts exeopt 17 Victoria, No. 9, adopted in 1853 by the old Nominee Go vernment of that day, liud tho Companies Trading Act, 27 Victoria, No. 4, passed Sept. 1S63. Both are copies of English Acts, but the first, which was only applicable to regular partnerships with limited partners, has always boen found ill adapted to colonial business, nnd has now been long obsolete though unre pealed. Tho latter is tho same Act, under which so much mischief has boen wrought at home, from the consequence of which not only Great Britain, but almost every part of tho world, hassufferedfromamoneiarycrisisof more than ordinary lenglh. This Act, which may more aptly be styled a Code, for it is divided into eight parts and 19S sections, besides nu merous subsections and forms, cannot possibly be summarised in the columns of a.newspaper, and weave therefore restricted to the venti lation of its most salient points. The Limited Liability Act professes to enable any number of parties, not less than seven, to .associate themselves in a Joint Stock Company, with a fixod capital, nominal or paid up, and divided into equal shares ; and having so aBBOcinted themselves aud gone through many compli cated forms ending in registration, it consti tutes them a Corporation, with a Common Seal — the " right of sueing and being sued" — and a limitation of liability to tho amount of shares subscribed, or any lesser extent upon which tho parties themselves may agree. Should again " a fifth part of the shareholders feel dissatisfied with the management of the company, they may apply for relief not to the Supreme Court, as would naturally be sup posed, but to " the Governor with advice of the Executive Council, who may appoint In spectors to examine into the company's" af fairs, take evidence of its. servants, cr other parties on oath, inspect books, and publish tho result, but with what ulterior purposes the Act does not explain. We may remark, en passant, that such powers vested iuthe Exocu- AM II uuiuutfiau iCUr U1 the Government, and make them at all times their most humble, and obedient sorvants. Tho Act then goes on to provide, by a long and tedious process, for windiug up, which seeuis from its intricacy, to revive the abolished mysteries of the old Court of Chancery, and threatens to mako every winding up case as lengthy as Dickens' Jaundyce v. Jabnoxce. W o may add, that to carry out the mero for malities of this Act, the Manager of any Limited Company would require an able at torney constantly at bis elbow, and that he would soon be mulcted in enormous fees for the benefit of the consolidated revenue; be sides there are so many forms to be complied with aud observed with respect to these com panies, tho neglect of which entails such a variety ot heavy fines, that the responsibilities attached to those conuected with them be comes really a matter for very serious consid eration. Now it is under this Act, which has been condemned at home by public opinion, | and only awaits execution at the hands of a j Reformed Parliament, that the most mon strous frauds have been found practicable. Under its wing a knot of speculators can get up a company with immense nominal capital, calling up £2 10s. at £5 or £50, and £100 shares, proceed to business, lose, squander, or otherwise dispose of the whole amount of the unfortunate shareholders' money, and then, when tho crash comes, and the men of straw disappear, the solvent or wealthy are declared " coutributories" by the Court, and are com pelled to pay up £47 10s. on £95 uncalled up on their shures on pain of imprisonment or bankruptcy. By this means; in the case of Overend, Guunex and Co , (Limited), and many others, the scanty limitation of liability disappeared, and many persona wlio believed themselves safe were involved in sudden and irretrievable ruin. And all this tremendous responsibility begins at the very outset, for it is carefully provided that so soon as any one signs the Memorandum of Association he is liable to the extent of his whole means for any debts that may be incurred by the com pany before registration — a ceremony which careless or dishonest promoters may delay for an indefinite period. These dangers aro not mere matters of hearsay, for they have occurred amongst ourselves, and are yet " green in our memory," aud freshly remembered in Bris bane in connexion with the Moreton Bay Tramway Company, which in its limited way, anticipated the gigantic one of commercial England. When that precious bubble burst, and tho Bham shareholders disappeared, the whole weight fell upon a few individuals ; and more recently the case of tho Lady Alary Reef, where the signatures to tho Memoran dum nro declared to be individually and col lectively liable for all the preliminary ex penses, with no means (the company being un registered) of fixing their amount except by tho honor of the promoters or a suit in Equity, which amounts, we take it, to a denial of jus tice. That an Act of such a character, ante cedents, and examples, has been tacitly aban doned as unworkable aud useless for the pur poses for which it was intended, is only what might be expected ; that both in New South Wules, where it ds law, and here all companies of any magnitude or importance, pass it by, and prefer going to the separate Act of Par liament for themselves, and that as a neces sary consequence of its inefficiency, both' colo nies have talleu behind in joint Btock enter prise, especially as directed to mining , for no Mining Company could be fitted to the Act. In order to get rid of our deficiencies and meet the requirements of' the times in this respect, we need go no further than our sister colony Victoria. There Joint Stock Com. panies have been encouraged and stimulated to an unprecedented extent, and to them , the. marvellous progress of the colony in wealth and prosperity is mainly owing. Under their Mining Partnership' Bill not only is limited liability secured, but power under certain limits to borrow monoy for mining purposes, while tho rights both of partners and creditors are properly guarded by special Courts bring ing justice to ovory man's door in the most summary way, aud by the onforced periodical publication of Recounts to tho whole world, making the condition of every company known to every one interested in the enquiry, and imparting to it that money or marketable value which publicity alone can confer. Thero a company which cannot pay its way is at once sequostratod and dissolved on the order of the nearest Court, and wound up with a prompti tude rare in legal affairs. .This system has attracted capital from not only all tho colo nics of the Australian group, but even from England, to the Victorian gold-fields ; and it has also been the means of fostering a spirit of economy and enterprise in tho working classes almost without parallel. Some of the deep sinkings in Ballaarat,. owned and developed by associations of working men, cost upwards of £10,000 before gold was reached, and have since yielded fortunes. A similar kind of legislation to that of Victoria is required to raise our mining interests from their present depression, and vindicate their position as an important, perhaps the most important in dustry in the colony ; nor can we see any pos sible door of escape for them or for ourselves except in such legislation as wo have in dicated, and it is the boundon duty of every one connected with our mining interests, and who oither directly or indirectly is not, at oueo to put hiB shoulder to the wheel and bring such pressure to bear on tho Ministry next Session as will compel attention to our wants, to suspond party warfare for a season, and en able the country to make tho best of its ad vantages. Bulletin Newspaper Company (Limited). — a . meeting of tho shareholders of tho -above Company, 'convonod by advertisement, took plnoo at Mr G. B. Shaw's offices, on Friday night InBt. Tho meeting was opened by tho Provisional Socrotary, Mr A. H. Camp bell, roading tho roport of tho Directors with regard to the transfor of the plant from tho late proprietor, Mr W. H. Buzacott, lo the Company. After this tho Chairman, Mr William Jagcr, called upon somo ono to move its adoption, but it was of such a nature that tho meeting rofusod to accopt it. Upon tho question boing put by tho Chairman what was thoir reason for tho non-accoptanco of Mr Buzacott's report, Mr Bcrgin said that it was nothing but an " embryo" roport, and Dr McNccly considered that it was not a satisfactory one. Upon this followod muoh angry altercation, while considerable confusion ensued from nearly the whole of thoso present speaking at once, and volunteering dill'erent opinions, thus sadly detracting from tho decorum of tho mooting, which assumed a chnractor painful to many of tho well- wishers of tho Company. Several of tho Directors were very indig nant, and said that tho non-adoption of tho report was tantamount to a voto of consuro upon thom personally. Porfeetly correetj. Loud cries of " No, no !" inter rupted tho speakers. Tho Manager then, in a longthy speech, tried to put tilings iu a better light, and sootho the irritated feelings and suspicions of the shareholders, and promisod at Iho next meeting to plnco the affair in a. more satisfactory form. Mr Sliaw, tho agont infloqjj Directors in tfspoech of some Voiigfti/in which ho" was several times interrupted with orios of " to tho point, to the point." Tho speaker proposed that tho Direc tors should bo paid, " not that ho was desirous of giving them any pecuniary benefit (?), but that ho was anxious to affirm the old principle of paying Directors !" After this motion had been seconded, Mr Borgin moved as an amendment, that tho Directors bo not paid— upon wliioh a soeond uproar commenced, several of tho Directors asking Mr Borgin whothor ho would liko to give his timo for nothing. Mr Marshall, in seconding tho amendment., nskod " What is tho good of paying Directors if they had to pay Mr Buzacott a largo salary as Manager." After a groat doal of noisy dissonsiou, Mr Brodnitz proposed that a sum of £3 3s be placed upon the table on the days of tho meeting of tno Directors, and that tho first throe comers should pocket tho money. This proposition oroatod much merriment, mid it was said that such a plan would certainly givo riso to a tremendous rush, and that several pretty foot races would take place, and that tho Director who lived nearest would liavo an un fair advantage. Horo tho gravity of tho mooting was soriously compromised by tho energetio appeal of a drunken intrnder, ollbring to become a Director on tho spot, but upon Mr Shaw requesting to know if tho applicant for the three guineas wob a shareholder, and being atiBwored in the negativo, tho gentlonian with drew his handsome offer and absquatulated, Mr Eos- ton, one of tho auditors, then suggosted that all Diroo- tors who wore not nt the meeting within a quarter of an hour of the time appointed, be not paid ; this was agreed to, and after many violent oxclnniations, it was arranged that tho Directors should hold ono meeting a month, and that eaoh should bo paid one guinea for his attendance. Mr Buzacott tlion endeavoured, though unsuccessfully to explain his partiaular position in the Company. Ho first assured tho shareholders that tho enterpriso in which they had entered upon was a most valuablo investment— it cortninly has proved sotohim — that tho paper was tho first in tho town for what ?, and was tho favorite paper ! Our limited friend it will bo observed doosn't stick at trifles). That it was a benefit to Rqckhampton in what ?, nnd that lie took that opportunity of informing tho shareholders they must be veil aware it was not tho fault of tho paying capabilities of tho papor which had prevented him carrying it on, but that it was tho Iobs on other pro perty, wliioh rendered it nocessary for him to mako paymohts of £240 per month. Ho had been appointed tho Company's manager, by which ho understood ho was to havo tho full control and raanagomenb of ovory- thing connected with tho papor, with tho exception of tho Secretary and Collector's noeounts. The word " Manager" only had hoon insorted in tho Deed of Assooiotion, without any defining of dutios, and ho had spokon to Mr D'Arcy, the Solicitor ol thoaCompaiiy, upon tho subject, but that gentleman informed hiiu ho could not mako any addition to tho Deed without vitiating it ; finding himself in this position, ho had trusted to tho good faith of tho shareholders, and had deferred spooking furthor upon tho subject until tho meoting, and ha was then desirous of having tho sub- joot clearly understood. He would thoro and then mention tho solo conditions upon which lie would re tain tho position he had beon nppointod to. Thoso were — that ho should havo the wliolo and Bole control of tho management of tho pupor, with tho qxooption of the commercial department — evory person in tho office being under his supervision, except tho Secretary, and subservient to him. Under thoso couditions aloiio no would hold tho olIh-0 of managor, and he requested that this bo distinctly understood. After linving ad ministered this giiubbing to tho meoting, wliioh was received with coniniondablo docility, tho Manager pro ceeded to remind his omployors of tho groat profits which would accrue to them, nnd what an excellent speculation they had entered upon— for him— and informing thom that ho was responsible to tho Dir.c- tors for keeping down tho working oxponsoB. Aftor Mr Buzacott had conqludod, a perfect hubbub aroso ; every ono had something to say, and u dozen quostions to put, so that it was porfeetly impossible for somo- time for anything liko an understanding to bo arrived at of what was really wanted. Many remarks woro made upon tho principles and opinions of tho papor ; somo proposing ono thing, soino another ; one share holder wont so far ub to state that " the Bulletin should be the exponent of the views of the shareholders." To whioh the Chairman repliod that neither the Dirootors nor shareholders would have anything to do with what went into the paper. Very liko a. whale. Dr. McNcoly then wished to know tho amount of salaries ' paid to tho editorial staff f MrBurstdll thought the question out of order ! ! and Mr Buzaoott distinctly " protested against any interference with tho internal arrangements of tho offioo"— " brooks no brother near tho throno"— and as ho did not reply to Dr MoNoely, Mr Futtison wanted to knowwhy thero was anyconooal- tnent, and why Dr MoNooly 'a question wasn't answered. Mr Buzncott, still evading tho question, repliod that ho was only answerable to the Directors for kaoping down tho oxpondituro of the Company. At longth, upon hoing pross'od by tho shareholders, ho stated that the salary of tho sub-editor, Mr O'Kano, was £4 10s per week, and of tho reporter, Mr Oloary, £3 5s. As Mr Buzacott did not mention what his own salary was, Dr MoNooly askod what, was to bo the pay of the Manager. Mr Buzaoott informed liim that it would bo £6 per week. Tho questioner then nBkod whothor £4 10s was suffioion't pay to onsaro the services of a sub-oditor with tho " nccossary brains," and whethor tho re porter's snlary was enough. Dr McNaoly wanted to know whothor tho present salary of tho sub-oditor hud been the samo as Mr Buzacott was now receiving as manager, nnd if so, upon whoso authority had it boon rodueod ? Mr. Buzacott repliod that it had boon tho sarao as his own now was. The Chairman informod Doctor MoNoely that tho reduction of tho sub-editor's salary had nothing to do with tho Dirootors as it had taken place before tho proporty was transferred to the company. A long and Boinowhat angry discussion thon ensued as to whethor tlio managor should huvo tho right of dismissing tho oditorial staff without tho consent of tho Dirootors, whioh ovontuatod in ono of tho shareholders, Mr. Gardner, moving that Mr. Buzacott should havo tho solo right ol engaging, orapliying, and discharging all persons without consulting tho Direotors. Mr. O'Kano Mr. Buzacott's sub then asked, in oaso of his feeling himself aggrioved, whether he would havo tho right of , appoal, as tho managor informod liim ho had not, Tho Rev. Mr. Murloy in an abio specoh arguod that it was vory arbitrary that such power should bo lodged in tho manager, as in that caso ho could ongago such people as would carry out his viows only, nnd con cluded by moving as an amendment, th-'t the man ager should be allowod to suspond only, until tho directors woro appealed to. This amendmont was enrried by a majority of ono. Tho personal friends of the sub-editor and tho manager mustered strong on tlio occasion, oach party's partisans doing thoir best for thoir man. Thero is a ; division in, tho camp already, so thet the future may : be anticipated. Tho question which, however, exoitod tho moBt attention during tho meeting; and addressed to the Chairman, was whethor in caso of a libel being jiublishod in tho Bulletin the shareholders would bo liablo for damages ? to which Mr. Buzacott replied by stating in tlio moBt opon nnd candid niannor that in all criminal notions tho shareholders would bo liablo to the amount of their properties, and in all civil cases to tho amount of their shares; which . ngrcoablc information created a gonoral feeling of con sternation, and materially damaged tho couleur do rose tint in which Mr. Buzaoott quite disinterestedly paintod his scheme. Tho meeting was then brought to a close by Mr. Gardner proposing that tho first 'general meeting should bo held in six months from dato, so as to cnablo tho Company to judge of tho profits of tho concern. Why this delay? Ex nihil, &o.;, &o.; — Communicated. The Ladies Benevolent Society. — In our last Saturday's issue, ;n a paragraph headed." Dogs in tho Manger," wo said that tho number of orphan children sent from Rockharapton annually to Brisbane, was six ; but wo aro now informed by tho lady president, Mrs. Hunter, that " six is far below tho nvorngc, although tlio favor of froo passages might not bo asked more than six times during tho year." Wo regret vory much to learn that thoro aro nutnorous cases brought under tho notice of tho Ladies 'Bono- volont Soaieby, which cannot rcocivo attention, on ac count of tho limited amount of funds at oommand. It was tho increasing number of applications, and tho impossibility of granting tliom, which urged Mrs. Hunter to writo to Cuptain Trouton ; had tho request, beon granted, it would havo left in tho hands of tho ladies, a much largor sum to meet the eases of distress daily brought before thom. No Institution can bo more admirably nranagod than our Benevolent Society, and no other lias so many claims upon tlio liberality of tho public,— tho amount of self-abnegation displayed by those who conduct it,, aufl tho earnestness with which tlioy pursue thoir tasks of charity nnd of duty, are abovo praise. If Mrs. Huntor woro to mako public, through tho modium of tho Press, tlio amount of suffering and destitution existing in tho town, and tho numorous appoulB mado to tho ooiumittco, wc bolievo that many, who nro now partially ignorant - of are socking to allovinto it. New Gold Field.— Wo hear that Mr Richnrd Daintreo, tlio Government Geologist for tlio Northern Districts of Queensland, has discovered a vory ricli gold-field on the Gilbert Ranges to tlio west of Rook- ingliam Bay. No particulars havo conio to hand. Looal Industries. — As wo make it a practico of welcoming and recognising any nnd ovory attempt mado to incroaso our local industries, bo they on a large or a small scalo, wo cannot refrain from noticing that Mr Bramblo, has introduced umongst us a humble, but familiar friend from homo, dressed in tho oolonial garb ; evon did it not possess any claims upon us on tho score of utility, still for tho sako of " auld lang syno" many of us will givo it a cordial wolcomo. Economy is tho order of the times ; " tako caro of the pennies aud tho pounds will tako caro of thoinsolves," is bocoming mora nnd more beliovod in ovory day. Wo all know that mntchcs are hot by any means cheap bore, and liotol- keopors especially spend no inconsidorable sum an- nually in purchasing tliem. Mr Bramblo shows us tho oxponso can bo lessoned. Ho manufactures ' spills" — or in common phraseology, " pipe lights" — out of tho wood of tho Moroton "Bay pino, which ho soils at the rato of Is per 1000 ; with theso spills oan bo purchased a small tin floating lamp, which will burn all oil but kerosene, at a cost of Is 6d, and a stand for tho spills, also Is 6d. Ono of thoso floating lamps placed oii the mantlo-pioce ot the publio.room or in tho bar of an hotel, would savo the proprietor a great many shillings in tho course of the year. Mr Bramblo it may bo remembered, was tho constructor of tho fire engine which, Mr Schmidt purchased, and keops on his promises — it wns by tho prompt uso of this " house ongino" that Mr Schmidt was enabled to buvo his shop during tho last fire The apparatus is useful and ex ceedingly choap, the cobI complete being £20. Theatre Royal. — Mr King has t..kon tho Tlioatro, though only for a short period, in order to try whether under his practisod hand ho oan manago to offor such attractions as will induco tho public to support liim. Hoi brings more than ordinary qualifications to tho task, and understands both how to follow and load tho tastes of liis audiences, and tho manner in which he has conducted tho various places of amusomont which lmvo beon under his control in Rockhampton and elsewhere, is a sufficient guaranteo that ovory effort will bo mado by liim to manago tho Tlioatro in a thoroughly respectable manner. Mr King is no moan actor, ho sings a good comio song, and ho is, boyond doubt, tl.o host dancer in tho North. Wo sco that Mr Radcliffe, an excellent musioian, has roturnod to his old placo in tho orchestra, which lost its cliiof attraction when ho vacated his Boat. Mr and Mrs Rico have left for Mackay, but wo have no doubt Mr King will endeavour to fill thoir plaocs, although ho will havo somo difficulty in doing so. Wo cannot at present criticise tho piocos produced, bcaauso thoro is nothing in them to challongo criticism ; tho host proof of their quality and tho manner in whioh tho various characters are sustained, will bo tlio success that attends thoir production. If the curtain should bo drawn up on payable houses, the manager promisoB to procure tho best available tulont from tho South, and wo shall hoartily welcome it, as tho Tlioatro lias of lato, from lack of a good company, lost muoh of its oharm, consequently of its prestige. Flour. — Flour is cheaper, why is not broad P At £28 to £35 per ton wo paid 7d for a 21b loaf; (?) at £21 to £25 por ton, wo still pay 7d. Wo enn't quite understand this, although our pookets feel it. Ei.lior tho bakors must have lost enormously at the past prices, or thoy must be coining monoy at tho present prices. If tho formor, wo cannot sufficiently oxpress our admiration of tboBo who supplied us with broad out of real Christian philanthropy ; if tho latter, wo congratulate thom upon thoir business cutonoss. Trad, smon havo no doubt a full right to mako as inueh monoy as they oan out of their customers, and, what is beyond a doubt, thoy will, but a littlo moderation is advisable, as there is looming iu tho distance a certain lovoller of all monopolies called Co. operation, wliioh has already played liavoo with sharp doaling, and ac knowledges noithor distinction of porsons nor trades. Thoso -who buy broad must live as well as thoso who sell broad ; and wo hardly think it oorroot to make tlio dishonest man a chargo upon tho honest man, by com pelling the latter to pay" nn out of tho way prico bo- oauso tbe formor does 'not pay at all. It would bo muoh fuiror for a tradesman to reduce his orodits, con sequently his losses, than pursue a courso of business whioh, nino timos out of ton, ends' disastrously to him- solf, and which in its progress cannoc bo oallod just to liis gonuino Bupportors. We havo heard froquont com plaints of short woight, but wo novor found this to bo tho ease; if ono day's bread woighod a littlo undor2Ib's, tho next day's woighod a littlo over, and in tho long run wo boliovo wo havo hot booa wrongodof an ounce. With vory rare oxcoptions, wo havo nil to work hard to keep tho wolf from tho door, and tho poor, especially id tUojo hard timos, fool most aoutoly tho exorbitant, and wo will ndd, unfair prico' or broad, and if only for their sakes wo hopo wo shall soon soe a very groat re duction. Evoryono knows tlio ruling prioo, and most of us aro fully Ikwuro how many lbs of broad can bo mado from a snok of flour, therefore thoro oan bo 110 miatako us to tho justness of tho progont outory against our bakors, "who, if thoy bo wise, will not drive tboir customers to tlio alternative of making tboir own broad or of encouraging a Oo-oporativo Society. An Angry Jumper,— A. Victorian and Now South Walos diggor — liko most men who eomo off second host from a fray — is angry, and what is vory foolish, ho shows it. Ho wrote a letter to tho Bulletin, in which ho commented in no mousurod tonus upo.i tho notions of .our Gold Commissioner, and acousod him openly of partiality. As Mr. Jardino's decision, in tho caso of tho attempt to jump Kirker's claim, was porfoctly in accordance with law and justico. wo took the liborty of saying es much. When wo' said " It did not mattor whether tho mon working tlio shares had minor rights or not," wo referred to tlio special oaso than before us, and wo still consider that, with regard to what Mr. Jardino hud to decide upon, it was no matter whether tho mon held rights or not. . That was not tho subjcot- in dispute ; it was whether the Victorian had tlio right to jump a claim, which had not beon deserted by the ownors long enough, to ontitlo him to do so, undor Olauso 73, of tho Gold Fields Regulations. Wo wore at any rnto sufficiently acquainted with theso regulations to point out, boforo Mr. Jardino gave his decision, thut tho jumping was illegal. The Victorian nuod not havo informed us that tlio minors nro a hard-working body of men, as wo aro perfectly well awaro of it. Wo have from tho bo- ginning acknowledged, and written warmly injdefcnco of thoir rights, as well as given thom full credit for their pluck in struggling on againBt tho difficulties which bosot thom here. Our old diggers know this, if tho Victorian does not ho must bo taught, and wo shall nor conso to expose thom, whenever wo find now comers trying thoir sharp dodges. Wo did not 6ay ono word about " loafors," neither did we hint at thom, and the Victorian must bo very sore to winco before tho lash was oven lifted. Wo givo him full credit for the assertion ho makes, that he would jump any ono's claim, if ho hud a olianoe ; it is u way some men havo of attempting to benolit by tho skill and lubor of others. Our Victorian diggor apponrs, for a now corner, to bo singularly woll acquainted with our post doings, evon bettor than wo aro oursolvos, but we think wo eun discover a trace of an old town ' wolf in nn inuocont Victorian digger's skin, and who, although no " puddlor," has no objection to boing " fuddiod." A OuiiiNQ- Guest. — Wo hear, upon good authority, that Count Von Attorns, an oiltoor high in tho Austrian army, who is now in tlio Australias for the purpose of malting a tour of the colonies, and who lias alroudy visited Victoria, New South Wales, and Bri9bano, is on his way to tho North. When at Brisbane tho Count purchased from tho hon. Goorgo Harris that gentleman's yacht " tho Hamlet's Ghost," in which he intends to visit tho extreme North of tho colony. The " Clarence," Captain Luke, passed tho yacht off Wido Bay en route for tho Northern ports, all of which, we understand, tho Count intends looking into. Boiling Down. — Mr. Sargontson, from Spring'suro, brought on last Monday a flock of 4000 wethers to bo boiled down at MosirB. Bcrkeltnan's establishment. Thoy are all ill prime uunditiou, and profitable returns aro confidently uuticipatod. Mr. Sargontson informed us that there uro enormous numbers of fat wethers on tho inland stations, ready to bo sont down for the pot, and that thoro are at least 100,000 at present on tho roads betweou Rockhampton and tho oountry dis tricts. Dog Stealers.— On Monday last .a lady living a short distunco away from tho town wont out accom panied by a valuable red and whito shcop dog ; alio suddonly miBsod him, and did not see anything more of him until yostorday morning, when ho camo run ning across tho green and rushed through a liolo iu the palings into tho yard ; ho wus followod by two men, who callod him back to tho hole and ondeavofed to drag him through. Tho lady told thom tho dog was hers, and that sho had had him for 18 months but sho only mot with tho most frightful abuso. Tlioy, stated tbey had purchased the dog only on the night before, and they inoant to stick to him. Thoy evcnruiilly "ctpugqod liim anuyj bill, mug wlGtiouc repeat ing their foul and filthy languago. The Death op Samson.— William Smith, bullock driver, summoned Mr. 0. E. Beddomo, of tho firm of Mossrs. Ross, Boddomo, and Palmer, for tho sum of £4 6s. 8J., duo to him for wages. From tho state ment of plaintiff it appears that ha had boon in tho sorvico of defendants as a bullock-driver, nnd that whilst driving a team from Cawarral to Rockhamp ton, down a hill, ono of the bullocks stumbled and recoivod such severe injurios that it died. Upon in forming Mr. Ross of the accident, that gontloinan said ho (plaintiff) would havo to pay £12 for tho bullock ; this the plaintiff declined to do, stating that tho bul locks wore in a very weak condition, and thut it was no fault of his that tho animal stumbled. Mr. Boddomo stntod tlio bullocks woro not woak. and that tlio man had carelessly ran the team against a sap- jingjjby whioh 'Samson,' tho bullock in question, bccatno injured. His Worship dismissod tho ease. Mr. Mil- ford appeared for tho plaintiff", and Mr. Bellas for defendant. Wages. — Elizabeth Devino summonsed hor Into em ployer Mr. Philip Hardy of Westwood, for ono month's wages, amounting to £2 8s. Tho plaintiff entered tho defendant's sorvico in May last under a six months ngreomont, and aftor romninmg In her placo for n month sho left her .employer's house, domatiding at tho same timo tho wagOB duo to hoi , but whioh Mr. Hardy refused to pay, upon tho grounds that sho bad lot stayed tho timo agreed upon, nor given him any notice. Tho plaintiff stated as her reason for loaving, that her master had insulted her sovoral times, and on ono occasion had kissed her against hor " will. His Worship gave a verdict for tho plaintiff for tho amount claimed and 21s. costs. Mr. Hardy gave notico of ap poal, intimating, " that it was a hard thing that tho tales which sorvants trumped up against thoir om ployors should be boliovod." Wo porfootly agree with Mr' Hardy, there wus ample proof tlint the girl broke hor ngreomeut with hor master, and that slio loft with out giving notico ; but there was no evidence whatever proitecod to show that hor master had attempted to take Jibortios with hor, and it apponrs strange that she should not navo summonsod Mr. Hardy uutil fivo or six weeks after sho had loft his sorvioe. Wo understand tho girl took flight suddonly because she expected' that some man who had taken au impromptu liking to hor, would marry hor. It has long been evident that ser vants oan do just as thoy plouso, and that any trumped up talc, on their sido, meets with ready credence ; the docision of yesterday will tond to incroaso an ovil which already causes so much inconvonionce and loss to employors, and so muoh real misery to servants. A Practical Joke.— Tho ono o'olook gun made no reply yesterday, when tho match was applied to it, and did not roar and kick as usual. Upon seeking tho causo of this, it was found that somo mischievous monkoy had spiked it. Wo fancy a doso or two of horsowhip, laid on by a practised hand, would not bo. without good oileot, and prevent tho repetition of such ii foolish trick. As it is perfectly woll known who hit tho nail on tho hoad, wo should advise tho praotioal jokor to bo wido a-w alee, and to kcop a respectful dis- tanco from a Vory usoful public Bcrvant, whioh performs its dutios well, and costB but little — two very, great virtues rarely combined now-a-days. Lioenbing Meeting. — Tho usual monthly liconsing mooting of tho Bench of Magistrates was hold at tho Oourt-houso, yostorday, wlion tho following lioensoB woro granted: — Edward Trovoo, for tho Wanderer Hotel, Morinish ; Benjamin Hamilton, Doep Greek Hotol; J. Hodges, Princo of Wales, Morimsh ; Frank AstolljParrier'sArmSjFitzroy-atreet; T.Ryan, Carrier's Arms, Quay-strcob ; Franois Flanagan, JConch and Horses, Sanders' Station ; Frauds M'Coo, Ulster Arms, Dawson Road; Emily S. A. Ward, Royal Fitzroy Hotol. Transfers— M. Brodnitz to 0. Frendogast, of the Golden Lion Hotel ; T. Ryan to J. Barry, of the Oity Arras. A Faithful Servant.— As tho Gold Commission er's Orderly, Delatiy, wus returning from tho Crooo- dilo on Friday night, by way of tho Gracouioro hotel, a black boy naniod " Billy Button," rodo up to hiui, and seeing, Doiany in uniform ho boliovod him to bo a trooper, and in a vory oxoiting manner said, " Muster bolonging to inino going to bo robbed ; muster drunk along hotel ; whito fellow eoino up, wanted . monoy belonging to muster ; that fellow boon wanting orimma — I beon tako it." As ho said this ho pointed to his pookel, and thon ptillod out a lot oV oheques and notes, in all over £100. Dolanjr d JtlLLE found that " master bolonging to mino," whoy, and of horses in the neighbourhood, was Jying iri Timber intoxication at tho hotel, and that somo mbi\ him in that condition began to try his pookots'l persuade Billy Button to go away; but tho iQLD too faithful and too wido awake, and took tho ff, himself for tho purpose of handing it over to siV stable. Dclnny vory properly brought tho moneyV town, and handed it over to tho police. Tlio ovfj camo in on Sunday and' obtained it. Vory cv oredit is due to Billy Button, and wo liopr master will reward his fidolity. V"WKOW Drunkards. — Two drunkards woro'».'oj»-,,/6foA-' his Worship, and woro flnod tho usual ll/o shillings. Auriferous Sugar. — Tlio Miner says i — " A num bor of minors from Ballurat and feobastopol have lately left this district for tbe Quoonsland diggings. Queens- ' land is a warm country, and produces, sugar. . - WoT hopo tho minors will find, as woll as sugar thoro, that aurifcrouB " sugar" ol which wo hoar jooular mcnt on . now and tlion. Wo think our contemporary intend'ji': to bo rather s&tirioal; upon tho "auriferous sugnrV. af : Queensland ; but, those who- livo in glass housi" shouldn't throw stones; the oyos of tho world ore just now turned with wonder upon Viotoria, its " Dead- . Lock," and the pour unfortunate Government officials who aro walking about without two coppers in thoir ' pockots, to jingle ono against the othor. The Miner furnishos us with tho following amuBing instanoo of tho want ot tho "auriferous eugnr; — "In tho Sand hurst County Court, last week, Judgo Skinner oom- ' plained of tho'quality ot tho ink before him, and tho , clork of tho court oxplaincd that tho supplies woro running short, and lie had boon compelled to wash out some old bottlos to got tlio ink ; ulso, that in a short timo tho black ink would bo done, and rod would havo to bo used. Further, that, at tho present moment ho- " had to get papor for tho office by paying for it out of his own pockot. All this aroso from supplies not having boon received from Iiead-quartors, on account of tho dead-look." — Tho siryiis also lias something to— ', say upon tho subject, for it tells us that " An anecdote : of t headend-look has been in circulation lately, which lias raisod a laugh at tho oxpenso of a race which generally cont vivos to have the luugh on their own sidowhon money transactions nro in discussion. Amuch ombnrrassod civil sorvnut was summoned before one of our judges on a fraud summons, tho amount being be-.. twoen £30 and £40. Putting tho dead-lock in plea, the dofoudant obtained exceedingly easy terms — ho ' was ordered to liquidate it at tho rato of £L por month. But not- long afterwards ho was brought boforo the snrno |udgo by n Hobrow liioiiey-londur, who hold liis dishonored accoptauce for a con-idcrablo amount, anil in this caso ho offered paymont also at tho roto of '£1 a month, payment to begin whon tho previous order had boon sal islicd. Plaintiff assenting, an order was made accordingly; and the consternation of tho creditor on hearing the true facts of the case may be, conceived. To wait threo years boforo paymonts com moncod, nnd thon collect his dobts during the threo yoars more, was more thon ho could stand, and he hurried into Court to obtain an alteration of tho arraitgomonfc. Bat he was too lato. Tho caso could not .bo ro-oponod. Tho civil servant had for once been docidedly too much for the money-lender, though it is. not unlikely when all tho ravelled accounts of tho past two years have been fiuully adjusted, the service will not have greatly the advantage of tlio capitalist." _ O'Farrell. — Tho news of tho attempted assassina tion of Prince Alfred, arrived about tho . same time as that of the successful issue of tho Abyssinian expedition, which, in booio measure, distracted atten tion from the Australian catastrophe. The English- papers are decorous in thoir sympathy, and thoro is on ubsonco of that howl which it was oxpected the news would beon received, 'l'lio Some News has tho following upon the subjoct J'On Saturday, tho 25th April, wo received somo very sad tidings winch camo- upon tlio public liko a sudden shock of thunder, - Prinoo Alfred, Duke of Edinburgh, was shot at by a Fenian, and wounded, on March I2th, while tho Prince was at a picnic in aid of a Sailors' Homo at Port Jackson, Tho miscreant, who is — or probably wo should say was — an Irishman named O'Farrell, fired from, behind the Princo, wounding hiin. in tho back, and, boforo ho could be seized, discharged another shot, hurting a. gentleman iu tho foot. Tho ball wai easily extracted,, and the Princo was doing woll and on his way home — tho assassin had beon triod on tho 18th, and sentencod- to bo hanged, a doom which has no- doubt long since boon carried out. The information was kopt back for some hours, iu order to lot it be broken considerately to tlio Queen, and we are glad to bo ublo to sa-Xoiz better authority than is usually appealed to in U" "jrs- affecting royalty, thut the Sovoroigu receivod the -in telligence with becoming composure, and- that hor first- thought was that it might bo cautiously told to the Prinuoss of Walos. That illustrious and beloved lady,, whose health makes it specially iinportuut that she should not bo agitated, was informed of the incident on lauding with tho Princo at Holyhoad, on their re turn from Dublin. Wo aro glad to say that tho news hud no ill effect, and that the Princoss, oven aftor- " omluring a long spocch in Welsh, was ablo to come on- southward, and has since visited the theatre- Of tlio- crime of the Fouian, it is- not nocessary to- say muohr for its. brutality was equalled only by ltsidiotcy. The Prince had no power of good or ovil to Ireland, nnd tho doed was dictated only by that dark malice and stupidity whioh produce the kind of murders for which Ireland is notorious, and which will keep civilisation and commerce from that island, until tlio nature which is capable of such tilings shall bo oxtinot. Of course, addrossos to the Queen have boen votod by Parliament-, and are also pouring in from all othor constituted bodies." ' A Bidder for Popularity. — Tho eceontrio Mr, Womyss Jobson, says tho Miner, ninde his dobut latoly in San Francisco as Rob Roy. The pit and guiiurjr wuru mo oniy parts oi tlio house occupied. Men and boys had previously prepared themselves, for sport, and being provided with a plentiful supply of candy, potatoes, enrrots, cabbages, and turnips,. sport they had. On hia first appearanco tho bold - oulluw recoivod a perfect shower of vegetables, which had tho offect of ruffling his temper. At the close of tho first scene ho camo before tho audience in liis ' costume, and in very unmeasured languago exposod tiie mouibers thon sitting in both Houses of Parlia- moiit. In the third act a very largo vegetable was thrown with groat precision, aimed at the head of the- unfortunate Jobson, whioh he bobbed just in time to- savo himself, and this was quickly followed by a heavy ' shower of miscellaneous articles, principally vegetables. ' ' Iho Btage attendants had frequently to remove tho- vegetables, as thoy greatly incommoded tho aotors." Hobson gave a olioicq to his customers— Jobson takes a clioioo; he can either play tho fool or leave it alono— ho prefors the former, and glories in his motley. He would ralhor bo a mountebank pelted with cabbagoe, than remain at homo and eat thorn in peace. The Francis Train school is rising into favor — humbug, buffoonery, nnd an insensibility to scorn and contempt are fcho poculiar characteristics of tho popularity hunters of the day, and tho mob fool thom, to tho tops of tjieir bents. They obtain fame, rcck- loss whether it bo good or bad ; they rouch the goal thoy aim at, quite indifferent whether they arrive at it by being dragged through a gutter, placod in a pillory, grinning through a horso collar, or by " doeds that dure bo looked into." Roligion, Polities, Litera ture, Physic, and Law have all their professors of charlatanry, who deek lies and tho father of lies in Harlequin spimglo, and prcaont them to tho publio as tho living presences of Truths. " Wliilo I live, I'll orow," was tho motto of Romeo Coates, "While I orow I livo," is that of tho modern school of Quacks. 