NORTH V. SOUTH. * This match, which has for some time post created so much interest amongst the football players of this colony, came off on Saturday last on the Metropolitan ground, the interest which it excited being very evident from the large assemblage to witness the game, about 3,000 persons being present. As both sides brought very strong teams into the field, in fact, the strongest ever brought together in the colony, it was anticipated that a closely con tested game would be the result, but those who bad pinned their faith to the North were on this occasion doomed to disappoint ment, for they were evidently over- matched, and from the commencement of the game they did not seem to have, the ghost of a chance. At about three o'clock, both sides being stripped and ready for the fray, the captains tossed for choice of goals. Fortune favouring the North, Mr. Harrison decided to kick towards the Melbourne end goal. Mr. Jas. Wright, captain of the South', then kicked off, and the game commenced. The ball was almost immediately carried behind the South goal, but the Southerners soon getting into their places, gradually forced the ball up to the North goal, where it was kept, and after a quarter of an hour's play, Hepburn, having obtained a mark by a well-judged kick, secured the first goal for the South. After a short delay, caused by changing sides, the ball was again put in motion, the South again taking it to the North end, when, after about ten minutes' play, the ball having got into the possession of Wright, he, by a fine drop kick, secured goal No. 2 for the South, the two goals being thus obtained in lees than half an hour. . It was now arranged, so as not to cause disappointment, that the game should be continued till five o'clock, the side obtain ing the greatest number ofgoals.by that time, to be considered the victors. So the game was recommended,, the North making the most determined efforts to regain their lost. laurels,but all of no avail, for after about three-quarters of an hour's play, -during which time some splendid scrimmages took place, a' third goal was obtained for the South, Athn. son this time administering the coup de grdee. With this feoal the last spark of hope eeemed to have been extinguished in the' breastsof ihe Northerners, for after thisthey' played' on the: defensive, having all 'they could do to keep the ball out of their goal, while the Southerners missed several chances' of obtaining a fourth goal. It had now almost become impossible to distinguish players, as the spectators had so completely rushed the ground.. Bat a few minutes before five, the North having got the ball near South.goal,"Green secured a goal for the North, which might easily have been stopped had the goalkeeper for the South used proper judgement, thus terminating a game which, as a scientific display, has never been surpassed it ever equalled, in the colony. The players who most distinguished themselves in this match were, for the South, Messrs, Wright, Jennings (whose kicking throughout the whole of the game was really magnificent quently elicited load and well-merited ap Jlause;; Atkinson, Loughnan, Moody, and Hepburn; while for the North Messrs, and Hepburn; while for the North Messrs, Harris Harrison, Hilladen, Ryan, Guy and Freeman deserve special mention, but the North never seemed to be in their right places. Mr. Jas Wright is to be complimented on the very able manner in which he performed his duties as captain; in fact, the South may in a great measure attribute their decisive victory to his skillful general ship. 