LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF ST. MARY'S CATHEDRAL. SYDNEY. Of Tuesday, at noon, tho beneil lotion ami too coro- mony of laying tho foundation stono of St. Mary's Cathedral, according to tho Roman Pontifical ser- vico, took place in tho prosonco of a largo multi tude of persons ot nil ranks, and of different creeds. His Grace tho Venerable Archbishop Poldtng, accompanied by tho Roman Catholic Bishops of Maitland. Bathurst, Goulhurn, nnd Gnus ; tho Roman Catholic clergy of the archdiocese, and by a' largo number of clergy from the interior, assem bled in tho Pro-Cathedral shortly after 10 o'clock, where they vestod the Archbishop and Bishops in cope mitre, Sea. Tho Archbishop carried his pas toral staff. Tho procession was formed in tho pro- .Cathedral, and moved shortly before U o'clock towards tho sito of the new building, headed by tho cross-benrer and acolytes, who were followed by a number of sanctuary boys. Then catno the clergy nnd deans, the bishops vested in copo mitro. Sea., and his Grace tho Archbishop vested over his rochet with nmice, alb, girdle, stole, cope, plain mitre, and carrying his pastoral staff or cro'/.ier. Tho Archbishop was immediately preceded by the archiopiscopal cross-bearer, with acolytes. They entered tho grounds by tho gate facing St. Mary's Road, and proceeded direct to tho platform which had been specially erected for tho accommo dation of those who wero to tako part in tho cere mony. Tho ceremony commenced shortly after eleven o'clock. Tho Archbishop, having laid aside his ciw.ier and mitro, began the prayers, and invoked a blessing on tho salt and water to bo used on the occasion. After the usual prayers had been said, the Archbishop put tho salt into tho water, in the form of a cross, and said when so doing, " Lot thero be made a mingling of stilt and water equally. In tho namo of the Fathor, and of tho Son, and of tho Holy Ghost. Amen.'' This was followed by a prayer. Tho antiphon and psalm being ended, his Oraco. standing towards the placo to bo sprinkled by him, his mitre being laid aside, offered another prayer beseeching tho Almighty to visit this place through tho interceding merits of Blessed Mary ever Virgin, and of all Saints.- Tlio Archbishop having ascended tho platform and being surrounded by the Suffragan Bishops, tho clergy, nnd laity, the Ilov. Padro Barsanti preached a most eloquent sermon, appropriate to the occasion. After tho sermon. Messrs. W. Covcney and James Mullens'npproacbod tho Archbishop, nnd on behalf of tho laity, presentod his Graco with a golden trowel. Tho Archbishoji. followed by tho Suffragans and clergy, then walked in procession round tho founda tions of tho futuro Oathodral! tho choir chanting tho usual antiphon and p&nlm; and sprinkled with tho water he had blessed first the placo wliero tho cro-s was placed near tho ohiof stone, and then t.lio foundations. This having been done, his Grace catne to tho foundation stone, which lie blessed, and again sprinkled prayers being aNo offered. Then taking the golden tiowel his Grace marked the stono in each part with tho sign of tho cross, saying— In tho name of tho Father, and of tho Son. and of tho Holy Ghost. Amen. Afterwards, some earpot was placed upon the ground, und unit n fald-stool, on which tho Bishop, having put on his mitre, knelt down. Then wero said the ' Litanies of tho Saints.' which being ended the Bishop, having laid asido his mitro. roso. and standing towards tho foundation stono, offered an other prayer. Mortar having been provided, and tho mason being at hand, his Grace, with his mitro on began (tho ohnir following him) tho__nntiphpn " Mann Surgeries Jacob Ereybat, Sea." and psalm OXXVI. ilis Graco standing with his mitre, then touchod and properly adjusted the first stone in tho founda'ion, saying this prayer " In tho faith of Jesus Christ, wo set this first stone in this founda tion : in the namo of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, that true faith may flourish hero and tho fear of God, and brotherly love, and that this rilace mav bo devoted to nrnvcr. nnd to tho invocation and praiso of tho nnme of tho same Ji'sus Christ our Lord, who, with the Father ami the Holy Ghost, liveth nnd reigneth, God. world without end Amen.'' A suitable inscription had boon carved on the stone. When tho foundution-stono had been laid, and tho ceremony of sprinkling with holy water con cluded. The Hon. J. Plunkeit read and presented an address, appropriate to tho occasion, and His Graco said, if anything could udd to his pleasure in receiving that address it was tho fact of its presentation by a gentleman who, next to himself, had done moro for Catholicism in this country than anyono else. They all knew tho share Mr Plunkett had in obtaining for members of their faith what might be termed the Magna Oharta of their religious liberties. The object in which they had been that day engaged was not for themselves, but for the Almighty God. Tho Archbishop then road his written reply. An adjournment was then made by the principal persons present to a luncheon, to which upwards of n hundred had boon invited by his Grace. Tho health of her Majesty the Queen was proposed by the Archbishop, who in tho course of his remarks alluded to tho feelings of loyalty and respect which he entertained to her Majesty, in common with all who acknowledged themselves British subjects. Something had been said in England about her Majesty's living in retirement sinco tho death of tho lamented Frinco Consort; but when they considered that tho Queen has de voted thoso those years of seclusion to training her children worthily to fill thoso exalted spheros in life for which they were destined, such nn ox- amplo was not only a model for all mothers to follow, but would by productivo of far ntoro bene ficial results than if her Majesty had interfered as actively in politics as some parties in England considered sho ought to have done. He had sincere gratification in proposing the health of " Her Majesty the Queen." The toast, as also that of his Holiness the Pope, was received enthusiastically. The usuul toasts wero then given and rosponded to, and tho party broke up. Nearly 2000/ was contributed in aid of the build ing fund, somo largo donations beir.g made. — Abridged from the Empire, R E - A SS EM BLTN G 0 F PAR LI A M E NT. On Thursday both Houses re-assembled, pursuant to an adjournment moved for the purpose of affording tho clcetivo members of tho new Cnbinet tho opportunity of going to tho country for re election. I11 the Legislative Council, Mr Robert Owen took his seat as a mombor, and proceeded to malco a statement. Ho intimated that ho had been ap pointed a member of tho Executive Council. Lnd that it would be his duty to conduct tho public business in tho Council. Ho briefly alluded to the appointment of Sir W\ M. Manning as Attorney- General, without a scat in tho Cabinet, and then- stated the chief features of tho policy of tho Go vernment. viz.. freo-trade— tho gradual abolition of ml valorem duties— tho procuring of the abolition of all duties affecting colonial produce — a union tariff and a Customs union with all the neighbour ing colonies— adherence to the present land laws — an improved and extensive system of immigration — tho pressing forward of all public works, as railroads, harbours, and roads. Ho intimnted that, in futuro, no public officer would be removed or other departmental changes made without tho careful consideration and assent of the'wholo of tho members of the Government, and concluded by stating that the financial statement would bo made next week, nnd tho estimates of expenditure for ISG9 laid upon tho table of tho Legislative Assembly this dny.— Sir W. Manning followed, with an explanation of his acceptance of the oflico of Attorney-General, giving, in the course of his address, tho exact terms of acceptance, as follows: — "Sir W. M. Manning accepts tho position of Attorney- General non-politically. II 0 is, thereforo, not to bo a member of the Cabinet, nor to represent the Government in tho Legislative Council. The patronage of the law department will not be claimed by him ; but it is understood that no legal appointment will bo made without his concurrence. It will remain for consideration whether ho shall hold a seat in tho Executive Council, with a view to givo assistance, as occasion may require, in matters not connected with the special policy of tho Government." He entered fully into the subject, expressing his conviction that he had acted rightly, but expressing his readiness to give way for a political officer, if tho Parliament and the public thought otherwise. — Mr Plunkett put his questions in referenco to Orango socioties, and was informed in reply that tho Government did not intend to intorfero with them, unless compelled, trusting to the good senso of the parties nnd to tho public generally to render Buch in terference unnecessary, while it wns intimated that somo complaints had boon received as to tho processions of tho "Holy Catholic Guildo." which tho Government would deal with on tho same principlo. — With referenco to tho Treason Felony Act, Mr Owen replied to tho samo hon. momber that it was the intention of the Government to endeavour to obtain tho repeal of somo of the clauses. In tho Legislative Assembly, the reelected members of tho Administration took tho oath and their seats. Mr Robertson took the opportunity, in moving tho printing of certain documonts laid on the tablo. to oiler somo explanation of the position'in which tho Government stood. lie should not state who had been consulted, as that practice bad fallen into disuso; and ho need not say who composed the Administration, as their names had appeared in the Government Gazette. He ndniitted that there had been difficulties in forming an Administration ; first, because their predecessors had been a coalition Government: and next, because of tho admitted unsatisfactory state of the public finance. Tho only peculiarity about tho present Administra tion was that its Attorney-General did not hold a political appointment. Ho promised, also, if ho remained in office, to submit to tho Houso a pro position for tho appointment of a Minister of Justice. The policy of the Government would be that usually understood under the term of Free Trade. They would endeavour gradually to abolish the ad valorem duties, to entirely abolish duties on intercolonial produots, and to establish a uniform tariff nnd Customs union for (ho Australins. The Land Act would not bo interfered with except to render it moro clear and more generally useful, and no chango would bo mndo in tho EJucation Inw, except to render its working more satisfactory. They would repeal tho news paper tax. would bring forward an improved scheme of immigration, would press forward public works, and would immediately appoint a commission to inquiro into tho stuto of the railway plant, which wns in a very bad condition. Public economy would bo insisted 011. ns far as i«a« CO 1- sistent with . efficiency ; iKd all Government business, wheth r parliumc t ry or ofli ibil. would bo carried on by the action of the whole Govern ment rather than of the individual Minister. They would endeavour to obtain without delay the sanction of tho Houso to tho expenditure for 1869, and to that end tho Tieasurer would lay the Estimates on tho tablo to-day. and make his financial statement next week. If financial matters were attended to, thero would lie no time for any other business. Ho moved that tho papers be printed. The motion was carried. Mr Parkes gavo, amidst cheers and coun ter cheers, tho following notion of motion which he intended to move tho following day: — That the presont Administration does, not possess the confi dence of this Houso. 2. That the foregoing re solution bo communicated by address to his Ex cellency the Governor. Mr Macleay. without notice, nsked n series of questions relative to tho nllegod murder alluded to by Mr Parkes, nnd to tho existence in tho colony of a Fenian conspiracy. Mr Robertson said ho had mndo search, nnd could find no information of anything of the kind. The business on the naoer was about to bo pro- ceeded with, when Mr Parkes submitted to the Premier that, under tho circumstance of a want of confidence vnto being on tho papor, tho Government would do well to adjourn. Mr Robertson consented to move the adjourn ment, though not upon the ground stated, und did so accordingly. 