BY the arrival of the Avoca with the October mails wo have news from Europe of more than ordinary interest. The advices from the Continent, and more particularly from Spain, are especially im- portant. With the fall of Isabella the Bourbons have gone for ever from the thrones of Europe. That unfortunate Queen must now be designated as ultima Bourbonorum. She was the last ensceptred representative of that rotten royal race that has for ten centuries, vulture-like, battened upon the vitals of the noblest nations of Southern Europe. The grand work which was begun in tho dethrone ment of the French Bourbons in the great revolution of 1789 may now at last be said to bo completed in the deposing of Isabella from tho throne of Spain. How strange are the vicissitudes which time brings about 1 The only kingly race in Europe which in the days of its lurid glory excluded, by means of the Salic law, all females from the throne, has at last toppled over in the dust in the person of a_ female sovereign. Verily, the Ne mesis of history works out its vengeanoe with poetic justice in these prosaic days of the nineteenth century. The Spanish revolution is everywhere complete throughout tho Peninsula. Tho people of all ranks and classes from the highest to the ; lowest, as well as tho army and the navy, have unanimously joined in sup porting tho new order of things ; and " the sinews of war" have come sponta neously into tho. treasury of the now Government, in the form of a volunteered loan of roady cash to the amount of Ll, GOO, 000 from tho commercial commu nity of tho rich province of Andulasia. Cuba, too, which has ever been tho brightest colonial gem in the diadem of Spain, has given a willing adherence to the regenerated State. It is in vain that Isabella, with one last gasping effort of the former energy of her now effete and ruined race, protests from beyond the French frontier that a monarchy ombo- dying the grandeur of fifteen centuries of royal rule cannot be destroyed by fifteen days of popular insurrection. But tho thing is dono irrevocably. The hand writing on the wall, so long con spicuous to every intelligent eye that watched the faltering misrule of the degenerate Queen, has been fulfilled to tho letter. The sceptre has passed away from the hands of tho last representa tive of the famous Maircs du Palais-, and, most wondrous chango of all, the once hated and despised house of Braganza comes across the frontier of Portugal at the invitation of the Spanish people, to sit upon the ancient throne of proud Castile. It» this extraordinary turn of events which plainly showB how utterly the last Bourbon has fallen to rise no more. Had a Republic been permanently attempted, the attempt could only end in failure and national confusion, for Spain is not the land to do without royalty. And in ascending the Spanish throne, tho youth ful Ring of Portugal not only consolidates and intensifies the whole power of the Peninsula, in the form of one great united nation, but inasmuch as he is tho son -in- « . V iciok Emmanuel, Ring of Italy, he also insures the alliance of that kingdom. His accession to the throne thus satisfies tho aspirations and ambition of tho two great branches of the Latin race, to balance by their weight and power in the south of Europe the great ness of the Gothic race, as represented by United Germany, in the north. " Tho balance of power" has been indeod re adjusted amongst tho nations of tho Con tinent in a way that tho authors of tho Treaty of Vienna, in their ro construc tion of the map of Europe in 1S15, could never 'in their ' most imaginative . moods have anticipated. , It is enough to make the bones of _Mettehnicii and Talley- iiand rattle in their graves After all Byron's prophecy is being fulfilled — "The pooplo by- and- bye will bo the stronger." Of the new Ministry formed to carry on the Provisional Government at Madrid, .thero nre only two whoso nnmes have a European famo— viz., Marshal Serrano and General Prim. But they are of themselves sufficient to impart the requisite strength to the now Ministry pending the settlement of affair's. .Espartero, that shrewd old Progrcmsta, who has ever been such nn ardent admirer of the English constitutional system, and whose sage counsels might have saved the throne of Isabella for a little longer, had ho not been discarded long since by that perverse woman, showed his usual saga city and correct knowledge of his country men by rofusing to become President of a Spanish Republic. Ho knew such an institution could net last. The next' month's advices, then, will bo looked for with more than ordinary feelings of inte rest, as by that time tho negotiations with the Portuguese Sovereign will most, pro bably have been completed. . j ' From other parts of Europe thero are indications of another consolidation ef kindred raoes under ono sceptre. In this case it is in the extreme north of Europe, namely, with the Scandinavian people. i The Crown Prince of Denmark has been betrothed to tho Princess of- Sweden ; and ' thus _ something like a " set-off" to the growing preponderance of Russian power on tho Baltic is likely to be es tablished by tho . union . of Norway, Sweden, and Denmark in one monarchy. From France, Prussia, and Italy, the promise ,is still loudly , held forth in the higliest quarters that pea'oe will be main tained ; and the inference may, to all ap pearance at least, bo safely drawn, that there will bs no war just at present at all events. ; In the domestic affairs of the United Kingdom all is at present : in a state of suspense preparatory to the general elec tions, which are to determine whether Gladstone or Disraeli is to preside over the British Government. The latter un scrupulous adventurer stakes his last card on the chance of appealing to the ignorant prejudices and sectarian bigotry of tho less enlightened sections of the com munity, upon the question of the dis establishment of the Irish Church. But even were he to succeed for a moment, hiB triuinph would_ be but temporary ; for the . progress of intelligence and. liberal views. . amongst the masses, . inclusive of tho new order of voters, is steadily on ward. Tho prospects of the wool market are still clouded. Tho fall in tho price, which first manifested itself in the June sales, and which continued through tho next two months' sales, has been completely established — 2d', 3d , and -Id. por lb.' being tho measure of tho fall upon superior, . medium, and inferior wools' respectively. But we are glad to see that for fine wools tho latost advices speak of an improved demand. These fine wools,' however, aro very limited in supply. _The_ prospects of our proposed 'mew .Victorian loan appear to be excellent— the; loans from South Australia and New! South Wales, just offered in tho market, having been remarkably successful. We must defer our notico of the news, from America j but it is not vory sensa tional. Tbe branch steamer Alexandra was tele-' graphed as having arrived off Qlcnelg nt 8: o'clock yesterday morning. Tho mall steamer Avoca, with the Melbourne malls, was to lenve King George's Sound at daylight on tha 19th, nnd mBy therefera bo expected to arrlvoln Hob- aon'a Bay some time this evening. A tele graphic summery of the news brought by .tho mall will be found elsewhere. . It is generally unimportant. Tho most Interesting portion Is that which relates to Iho revolt In Spain. The latest telegraphic news from London la to 3Uth October. We learn that tbe steatnsblp Somer setshire, la wblch Mr. Verdon and family went home, arrived all safe on the 29>h October. The Right Rev. Dr. Goold, Roman Catholic Bishop of Melbourne, Is a passongor uy tbs Avoca. Itlsprobablo that should tho English moll steamer arrive In the Bay, bs Is oxpectctl, before 5 p.m. to-day, there will be a delivery during the ovoulng, and within au hour and a half of the mails reaching tho Post-office. The members of the City Couuell held an unusually long sitting yesterday afternoon. Tho notice-peper contained several Important items, tho consideration of wbieh gave rise to some rather lengthened dlseussluns. Tho ac ceptance of the tender of Mr. Petsr Cunning ham, to build a meat mcrkot on the' market reservo In Elizabeth street, for the sum al L3783, was not the least Important, portion- of tho business. The vexed question of erecting baths in West Melbourne, nt a cost of, XilOUO, was again brought forward ; and though a number of amendments were proposed upon iho orignnlj motion submitted by Councillor Ames s, the pro position was ultimately "carried,, so that ilia West Melbourne people will have their baths after all. . . " ' ; The' annual mostfng of the Victorian Branch of the British and Foreign Bible Society was held yoilerday afternoon, at th'o offices of tho society In Swenston Street ; tho Rev. George Mackle In the chair. The report far the pest year was reed by tbe secretary! the Rtv. Mr. Wede, to the general effict that the. commltteo. regretted not bsiog in a .position to report so favourably regarding the affairs of 'tho society hs. during the previous yeur, owing io the' .recent- political difficulties, and1 consequent, want of money. Tha proceeds of sales for tho past year amounted te L211G 14s. 3d., Including cash Bales nt the central depot and cash from the agencies. Tracts to tbe extent of 35,000 had beau distri buted among tho different local nocleilos, showing an increase of 2000 : over tho grants of tlio pre- codlog year. In addition to this, hooks valued at L2 had been granted to tho Benevolent Asylum, The stock on hr.nd nt the depot on 31st of October last amounted to L247G 19s.; In tha handi of agents, L302 3i. 9d, ; making a total of L2779 2s. 9d., being L215 9s. moro than reported last year. The committee had olso expressed an in tention of doing away withsomo of ths ngoncles. Tho total of caeli return: from agencies for tho past year Is quoted In the report as 1,418 13s. 7d., being L93 83. 7d. below the sales of tho preced ing year. In Ibe financial condition of "the society tho commltteo also report a falliDg-off. The amount received In subscriptions of 10s. and upwards Is L288 15a. Gd.,.and In smaller sums L153 Is. 2d., making a total of L441 103. 8d., less than the former year by L78 3s. Id. Thero is therefore a reported balance in the hands of the treasurer amounting to L102 lOi, fld. The Rov. G. Matthew then moved tho adoption a'f ' tiie report, which was earrlod'unanimously. On tbe motion of tbe Rev. Mr. Strongman, the retiring offico-bctrers were re-olccietf, with the excep- tion of Mr. Mulr, whose vacancy was filled up by Mr. R. Harper. After tho usual devotional exercises, tbe meeting separated. Ycstorday was observed as n holiday in tho law.courts and publlo'dopartmenta. On Saturday the', tenders for the BallaratEaat borough debentures ' wero finally decided upon. A portion was taken at Os. premium ; end It was arranged with tho London Chartered Bank, through Mr. Brett, the inspector, that tho bank ebould take up tho remainder at por. A memorial has boea presented to tbe City Council in favour of a stand for hansom cabs In .'Bourke- street,. :batwccn Elizabeth street and Swanaton street. Tho prayer of tho memorialists will bo considered In connection with an amended coda of by-laws relating to hackney carriages, which will shortly bo submitted to the council. The ship Brltlili Statesman cleared out for London on Saturday with 5907 bales of wool, and not 3907, as erroneously stated. Mr. E. L. Robinson has published a very useful astronomical end nautical almanac for 1809, which contains a great amount of special Information,, of a character peculiarly useful to mariners. The cover la very appropriately drawn, although It would have been better had the artist taken the trouble to make himself acquainted with the proper order of the signs of the zodiac. Libra cornea between Virgo and. Scorpio, not after Saglttailue. A foot raco took piece at Sandhurst yesterday, between two pedestrians named respectively Welsmeyer and Ramsay. The dlstsnco was 250 yards, and the stakes L1U0 a side. Weismoyer' took the lead soon alter, starting, and won by- about three yards. Tbe event was witnessed by a large concourse of persons. Early on Sunday morning n man was found lying, In an Insensible condition, at the base of tho eteop cliff along the western beach at Gee- long. Upon- being conveyed to the watch-' house, it Was found , itpon examination that his' rlsht lunv had been ruoturcd and his ribs frac- tured. Ho bad ovlaently fallen from the top to the bottom of the cliff, but he remembered nothing about It, leadlog to the supposition that be must have been Intoxicated when ho fell. One of the most frightful accidents which fans lately occurred was that which took place comb time on Sunday week at Blind Bob's Creek, Tangil Rfver, and near Mount Baw Baw. ' It would appear that a miner named Peter Wnr- brldge was residing there with his wife, sccuplcil In mining and without any mates, the nearest 1 but helDg at a distance of two miles. On thb Saturday they had gone to Mr. Gedd'e store at Russell's Creek for provisions, but not getting all they required, owing to the non-errlvnl of some drays, returned home; a miner named King, with whom they were acquainted, having pro mised to bring, out some sugar and tea on the Monday. U pon his arrival at their hut he found the place burned to tho ground, and the bodies of both its residents lying there, charred out of almost any resemblance to human beings. King rushed back to Russell's Crsek, nnd was so ex? cited that upon dellvoring the melancholy news he fainted. Upon the coroner's arrival a jury was' at once summoned at Russell's Creek, and proceeded to tha locality of tho accident, some eight miles distant. Here a most lamentable eight presented Itself. A large tree, whose butt had been hollowed out by flro, had fallen across tho hut, and ovldently crushed tho helpless Inmates, by tho position the bodies were found in; It is then supposed that the berk of tbe roof hod become ignited through the fire la tbe hut, and communicated Its flames to the tree, several branches of which were burned. . The man's body was lying upon Its face, both legs burned off to the knees and widely asaunder, both nrras burnod, and when turned over, the skull fell to pieces. The woman's body was found burnt off at the - thighs and arms, and half of tho skull lying in ashes, only tbe trunk remaining ; and,' dreadful to relate, part of the body eaten, It'ls- supposed by a valuable bull-dog which tho unfor tunates had possessed, nnd -.which' by' somo! means had got loose from. Its chain. Everything In the but was either crushed or burnt. About 2oz. of gold were taken possession' of - by the police. After the Inquest both bodies werei iplacqij together ,ln a large box and buried within 1 a short dlstnnco of the scene of the disaster. Tho : .tree which was the cause of this unfortunate .accident etood about 70ft. away from tbe hut, and was about 180ft. In height. ' Tho Melbourne Philharmonic Soeloty give Handol's oratorio of "Samson" this evening, lh St. Gcorge's-hall. It la many years since this. work was performed In Melbourne: end though it Is, perhaps, less fanilllur to the public than others by the same composer, It Is, never theless; a great favourite with those to whom. It Is well known, and Handel himself considered It so nearly equal to "Tho Messiah," thot he scarcely know which should take precedence. It abounds with beautiful Blrs and bold recitotlve. Dr. Burney relates that Handel in bis later years, when bltndaess hod befallen hfm, could never, hear tha air "Total Ecllpsa" without being moved to tears. Tbe principals this even ing will hs Mies Staff, Miss Lambert, Mr. Alfred Ford, Mr. E. Amery, and Mr. 8. Angus. Tho chorus has been well drilled by the conductor, and the members are fully equal to their duties. His Excellency the Governor Is expected to be present on the occasion. A farther Inquiry has beon held at Heath- coto, by direction of the Minister of Justice, touching tho death of George Wilson, who died from drinking, a dose of cyanide of potassium, given to him at the Prince of Wales hotel in mistake for a nobbier of whisky. At the inquest held ou the 0th Inet, the jury returned an open verdict; and declined to add n rider of censure upon Jackson, the landlord, as they believed that Jackson did not know cyanide of potassium was poisonous. On this occasion, the Inquiry having been concluded, Jackson was committed to take his trial for manslaughter. . i A large shark, measuring over 20ft. In length; was seen In Curio Bay on Friday afternoon lost. , The monster cought hold of an oor, with which a fishermen named Antonio wits steering' "a. whulebeut. It also struck ths boat and . lifted one-half of it completely out of tha water, by ; which tho lives of tho inen wero placed In Immi nent danger. Two cases of housebreaking are . reported by the police. Tho premises of Jobu Birt, corner .of Woatgarth and Brunswick streets, were entered by, the., door, belug forced open, nnd ;propirty was token to . the value of L5. Tbo house of Paul AI'Nultv, porter at tho County ;Court, Swonston atroet, was also broken Into. Tho catch to the parlour window was removed with a knife by tho burglars, who then effected an entrance, and abstracted property amounting in value to L23. ; A cabman named Richard Wllscn was arrested yesterday morning by Detective Christie, on a charge of assaulting with Intent Louisa MUlctt, residing in Relhdowne street, Carllon, on Mon day lest. Tbe girl Identified tho prisoner es the cabman, who It will be remembered drove her out to a lonely part of the Brighten road, and thoro attempted to perpotrato. the offence. He will bu brought up at the City Court this tuornlug. ; Criminal assaults, and particularly upon young girls, nre unfortunately becoming of frequent occurrence In this colony, nnd scarcely a week passes without some ease being reported. On Saturday, a Gorman named Louis Pondt was given into custody, at Geelong, on a charge of assaulting with intent to commit a rape on Emma Jane Woolvett, aged fourteen years, who resides at Cowie'e Creek. The particulars fur nished by tbe Advertiser are that the girl was returning home from the Wesleyan Chapel, which she had been cleanlng out, about 10 o'clock in the morning, when she was met on tho road by the prisoner, who asked her to road a letter for him, which she was proceeding to do, when he caught hold of her and dragged her through a fence off the road, and took her to e large waterhole, now dry. At this place he threw her down and attempted the offence, when she screamed, and he then took hold of her — — — — — throat and threatened to choke her unless she kept quiet. She struggled, and ultimately es- caped from him. She ran home, her parents' house being only about 500 yards distance, and told her father of what had occurred, when he im- mediately started in pursuit of the man, and overtook him about a mile away. He took him back to the house, and there detained him until/u"0 the arrival of Constable Mungavin, who had been sent for, and who conveyed hlm to the lock- A men named Butterworth was ».l I ' Hospital yesterday, with his left arm an accidental- fall from a dray " a btok John Lynch was also admitted ' I?"? enhyudreyioadedtbhi;; A " mare's-nest" wos discovered .1 day in Geelong (states the AdvertieJ a officials connected with the office of th., of distilleries. Information, It s„ celved in Melbourne that an Illicit full operation In hri unoccupied ktoV, 1 corner of Yarra and. MalopP ,1, " V' occupied by Whltolaw and Co. On officer was sent down to mako a ralrf„'l? promises, but upon vlsitlog the nlan. ! tha Important discovery that it waa 1 1- manufactory. Tho proprietor of th 1! F = latoly been making experiments with „ permanently establishing a ylheghr ma'onh 11 but waa kceplng.it quiet until h|3 tesulted In success.. "Tho chagrlo oftl , £?1 The oommltteo announco that th« im j & of the Prahran Popular Rcadl„g,tm , S by an entertainment, which' will kl-„ IVfT thoTown-hell, Prahran, this evening l£ attractive programme has beee preni»j|® order to give eclat to tho last efehVafSS season. - ' ' s jRfc-t' A soiree., la aid of tho fnnda of tin cv„|, jKfe" Mary's Church, Willlamstown. look »wE'S evening, In the Forosters'-hall. prrrS'' Dennlog end hla quadrillo band were InatSfi' dance; and dancing and singing wero kepSI till a late hour. |r i Tho performances at tbe Theatre Rovallal night wore under .the patronage of his EriS!'! ; lancy the Governor, who was present wlthSh! family ond'sulte.' " Christie Johnstone" andS $ burlesque constituted the bill of the evenffil both being woll received by a good house lr! That the. Duke of Edinburgh Theatre na crowded last night might easily hare been 'fit'!' pected, In view of the announcement that ! Walter Montgomery would appear as HamST one of ' hla boat impersonations. To write a#i thing mure In pralso of his acting In this nAjt would bo tomethlog very like "painting ftp lily." It has been mode so clesrto every possessing' eny appreciative power, that. Montgomery can play Hamlet ai very f.„ taps havo yet played ; and so all that Is lctttatvw>f his acting last night Is, that It was quEl up to his usual standard. As the QeeSI Miss Bowriug was eminently successful voice, figure, and reeding, and her uO| in the closet scene well deserved tho csllshsl celved. Mr. Steele's Claudius was also s blglM Intelligent performance ; but it was, If sayth!h|j| a little wanting In vigour,.. Mrs. Walter HM looked very Interesting end acted faltly WJ Ophelia, and Mr. Ireland's rendering ol Lietpl was the .best thot Mr.- iMontgomery has M.-J0 played with in Melbourne! Air. M'Gtmaifif; serves praise for hla Horatio, played with a gap deal of unBffectod earnestness. Mr. - Davis v£" a very fair grave-digger, end Altos Kate RyS looked and spoke very fairly as young OtiB Of' Mr. Reeves' Ghost It Is only right to Sjj that a very heavy and difficult part Indeed £ acted with considerable care and intelllgei£ The piece was vory fairly put upon the it£ and the moonlight effect in tha battlement scS wos especially well worked up. This ovetfi Mr. 'Montgomery will appear as Iago, and B Steele aa Othello. : W Publications Received.— The Ausiraiijg Medical Journal for November: E. L. Robinsqart Astronomical and Nautical Almanac ; clarspf Alossina and Co.'s Weather Almanac and Genfi Guide and Handtnok ts Victoria.1 tgj 