? — - ? TJ1E XE1TS OF THE DAY. ? -+- ? The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Bombay, with Hie November Euro pean mails find Indian December despatches, ?Src, arrived in Hobson's Bay at 5.35 a.m. yes terday. She met with very advene woather ge nerally between Galle and King Go»rge's Sound. Gallo was left at 10.30 p.m. on tho o.i«t nr lnot month, and Kintr George's Sound at 7.45 p.m. on tho 7th inst. Tho following is a synopsis of tho weather experienced:— Fell in with the S.15. trades in 10 deg. S., and they blew strongly from 12 deg. S. to Capo Leuwin ; tho wind also continuing strong from tho E.S.E. to King George's Sound, with high head sea throughout. In 14 deg. S. tho ship ran within the vergo of a cyclone, the wind continuing for some timo from the S.E., blow ing a fresh gale, and Teering then to the east ward, with a low barometer and very heavy ?onfusod sen. This, with accompanying strong currents experienced, detained tho ship fully one dny longer on tho passage, which tho strong head winds and eea all tho way ex perienced rendered her unable to raal:e np. From King George's Sound to Melbourne dur ing tho first two days she had light north east winds, and afterwards to Molb»urne modornte S.E. and aoatherly winds. She left the Bay again for Sydnoy at about 10 a.m., having discharged her mails and cargo. Tho despatches sent home by the Governor in September last, with tho Duke of Bucking As there wns a lull in our political strife in September, these despatches are not of special Importance, and the Duke merely ro-echoes the kope expressed by tho Governor, and then very generally entertained, that the two houses would ' reconcile thoir differences in a manner consistent with tho dignity of both Houses.' Tho A.S.N. Co'a steamship City of Adelaide \rill leave tho Sandridcje Railway Pier at 3 p.m. this day, instead of to-morrow, as pre viously intended. The company's etoamship City of Melbourne will also bo despafbhed on Saturday in placo of Monday, as usual, to accommodate passengers who wish to arrive in Sydnoy in time for the landing of the Duke of Edinburgh. Tho English papers by this mail are all but $jlont on Victorian affairs, but the following extract from a priv:ijto letter will show that onr political situation is well understood in some quarters: — 'It seems to me that a constitu tional change mnst tako placo in the colonies, and probably here too, namely, to enable a two thirds majority of the Lower House or some such majority, to pass a measure' over the beads of the Upper Homo, just as a two-thirds voto.passes a measure 'over tho vote of the American President. It ia*niuch moro needful to have this chango in tho colonies than here, ? because our Lords havo too much at stake to run right in tho toeth of the Commons, whilo tho members of your Upper House have nothing to Ioso by opposing public opinion.' Nominations for tho Sandhurst Handicap, the** Sandhurst CnjJ^-the Handicap Hurdle Race nnd tho Handicap 'Steeplechaso must bo made beforo nine o'e!ock;p.m. le-dsy. V-. Tho City Council met yesterday afternoon, amfresolved to have a fresh valuation of tho city prijpj&rty; made, under tho direction of the finance committee. Attention, was drawn by Aid. Cohen to tho circumstances of tho widow of the lato Dr. Eades, who had not been left in very affluont circumstances, and ho moved that the amount of unexpended salary for the timo between the dnath of Dr. Eades and tho appointment of Dr. Girdlestone be paid her. The motion was referred to the finance com mittee. Tho election of a gentleman to fill tho office of lecturer in Matcria Medion, Thoraputics and Medical Botany at the Melbourne University, in tho place of the late Dr. Eades, wns to take place yesterday. Owing to thero not being a (quorum of the council present, however, tho election was postponed until tho 27th in stant. There was a small' attendance at tho Albion Subscription Room lust evening. The com mittee wore occupied for nearly four hours in settling disputed bets which in the aggregnto amounted to a largo sum of money. Thero was no betting on future events, bookers and layers being equally cautious. Tim Whiifler would bo backed at evens for tho LaunceBton Cup with a start given in, whilo 3 to 1 is offered against. The Barb. Nothing was done on tha Hobart Town meeting. The only horse3 likely to go to Hobart Town are Littlo Pish and Babbler from Maribyrnong, tho former for tho Cham pion Handicap and Derby, and the latter for the Steeplechase ; Cowra for tho Champion .Handicap, aiso j-iaay manners ouuon ana Lancftshiro Witch, and L. L. for tho Derby. The Royal Society of Victoria held its annual business meeting yesterday evening, in tho Hall, Latrobe-street. The annual report read was of an encouraging nature. It alluded to tho visit of H.R.H. the Dako of Edinburgh, to the number of valuable papers delivered during tho past session, and to tho very favorablo state of tho society's finances. An address had been presented by tho society to tho Duko of Edinburgh, nnd his reply thereto was read by the secretary. Mr George Manns was unanimously elected a member of tho society. A motion by Dr. Neild for tho alteration of tho night of meeting to the second Thursday in each month was negatived, but tho council of the society wero recom mended to make arrangements for holding two meetings in the month, instead of one as here tofore. Tho following office bearers for tho ensuing year were elected: — President, Mr Ellory ; vice-presidents, Mr A. K. Smith and Professor Halford ; secretary, Mr T. H. Raw lings ; treasurer, Mr Willan; librarian, Dr. Neild ; curator, Mr Harrison ; committee : Dr. Barker, Dr. Gillbee, Mr S. W. M'Gowan, Professor M'Coy, Mr H. K. Rusden, Mr TV. Walker, Mr E. Wild, Professor Wilson and Mr C. W. Ligar. The Victorian Horticultural Improvement Society held yesterday evening its adjourned annual meeting, for the election of office bearers for the year ensuing. Mr Har bison took the chair. Mr J. T. Smith waB iinanimouslyre-elected president; Messrs Har bison and W. Ferguson vico- presidents. Tho committee was constituted as follows, viz. : Messrs G. Brunning, J. C. Cole, — Elliott, W. Hyndman, — Riddell, Stuart, Moyes, Hams, Butler, Mitchell, Walters and Taylor. Mr Sturrock was re-elected hoa. treasurer, and Mr Thos. Parves hon. socretary ; Messrs Burtt and J. Davies were chosen auditors. The trea surer having read a brief report on the expen diture of the year, the attention of tho meet ing was directed to tha exhibits on the table. From Mr J. C. Cole came a very nice collec tion, of seasonable fruit, comprising strawber ries of eight varieties, namely, Premier, Keen's seedling, Rifleman, Trollope's Victoria, Omar Pacha, Black Prince, Rivera's seedling Eliza, and a seedling raised by Mr Georgo Cole, of Malvern ; »lao Ttry fine raspberries of tho Nor thumberland Fillbaskot and F*lstiff varieties ; brown Tnrkry figs; firo varieties of plums, namely, Washington, Mitohelson, Colo's purple drop, Goliath and Colo's prolific damson. Fine specimens also wore shown of Jargonelle pears and the Colrillo Blanche d'Ete variety of npple. Mr Cole also exhibited, a pot-grown specimen of Cos's golden drop plum, bearing a heavy crop of fruit. He also exhibited berries, nearly ripe, of a reoently introduced grapo, the Muscat precoce d'Aout. Mr Ronalds, of Richmond, shovred six seedling vorbena3, namely, o good white named Queen Victoria, Harry (cerise), Mi-jj Harrowino, Ronaldsii improved (purple with white eye), and two othora unnamed. From Mr R. K. Hammond, of Brighton, camo a fino light seedling gladiolus. First class cer tificates were awarded to Mr Colo for his excel lent collection of frait and for hia pok-growr. plum. The white verbena, shown by Mr Ronalds, received a high commonilation. Nearly all the 'cases disposed of at tho City Police Court yesterday wcro devoid of in terest. Mr Wardrop, who was remanded last Friday, on a charge1 of false' pretonces, was afterwards admitted to bail, in two sureties of £200, th« bondsmen being Jamos Bjrne, licensed victualler, Exchange Hotel, and John M'Kay, cml onginoer. The numfcer of visitors to the National Museums of natural history, geology, ani economic geology, applied to saining, agrioul turo and the arts, for the week ending 11th January, wns 1819. The Museums are op»n to tho publio daily (Sundays excepted), from ten a.m. till fire p.m., in tho north aida of tho University, and in tho unfinished portion of the National Museum building at (ho back of the University. ' Numerous very interesting additions have been made to the collections of skeletons lately, including a chimpanzee, in teresting in the man and ape controversy ; a spider monkey, interesting item tha absence of prehensile thumb on tho anterior limbs ; an immenso orang's skull, with incisor teeth liko a tiger ; e. three-toed sloth, for comparison with the megatherium ; a giraffo, a manatee, &c.; In order to facilitate, the study of osteology, and to render evident the unity of plan on which the skeletons of various creatures are constructed, the names of tho bones, according to tho most modern views, have been written on the spaces between the windows, and tho corresponding numbers written upon each bono of systematic collection of skeletons, so that tho student may without book learn the names and relations of the different bones by glancing from the skeletons to the legends on the east wall. A meeting of the shareholders of. the Metro politan Permanent! Building and Investment Society was held at the offices, 64 Elizabeth street, last evening, for the nomination of officers for the ensuing year. Tho following Barnes wore submitted for the respective offices, tho election to tako place within a fortnight, at th'd%Mechonics' Institute : — E. P. S. Sturt, P.M.; president; Hugh Templeton, vicepresi dent. Auditors : J. W. Fosbery, J. M. Temple ton ; treasurer : H. H. Hayter ; committeo : Messrs Clapperton, W. Coates, O. Fenwick, J. W. Hunt, J. M'Cutcheon, J. Nation, J. Calla ghan, W. Mooro, W. Knight ; ste vards : W. Coates, T. S. Cooper. A number of amend ments and alterations in tho rules were also submitted. A special meeting will be callod for their confirmation. Plenro-pneumonia is said to havo made it3 appearance among the cattle in the country near tho River Barwin, New South Wales. The annual meeting of the Baptist Asso ciation of Victoria ?will bo held this evening and to-morrow in the South Yarra Baptist Chapel, Chapel-street. Tho association sermon will be proached by the Rev. George Slade, of Goelong, this evening ; and to-morrow addresses will bo doliverod on ' The claims of the Colony on Christian Effort,' ' Foreign Fields of Labor,' und ' Personal Agency,' after the close of the annual mooting. A somewhat impresaive spectacle but raroly witnessed in this city, was seen yesterday, when tho mortal remains of Denis Reardon, the private of the 50th Regiment, whose demise we announced in our issue of yesterday, wcro homo to their final rest ing placo with military honors. The coffin containing the remains] of the deceased was rested on a pioce of ordnance, drawn by three horses, the gun- carriage being mounted by two soldiers of the Royal Artillery. A standard was thrown over tho coffin to servo as a pall, and upon it were placed tho Dhako, belt niid bayonet of tho deceased. Tho band of the 14th Regiment preceded tho funeral car, playing tho doad march, and in the rear came tho lato comrades of the de ceased, the invalided soldiors of the 50th Regi ment, at present in Melbourne, and a number of members of tho 14th Rogiment, in all about 200 men. The mournful cortege passed over Prince's-bridgo at half-past throe o'clock, and passed along Swanston-street to the Now Cemetery, where the burial service was per formed by tho Rev, G. V. Barry, assisted by the Rev. Mr O'Dowd, after which tho grave was closed over all that was mortal of a gallant fellow. At every point of the routo of the procession large crowds of spectators assembled to see it pass. At tho re-opening of the sittings for the Cour des Comptes, Paris, Count Cassabianca read a report in which ho compared the public ox penditure of Great Britain in 18G3 with that of Franco. Taking the army alone, England paid for her army of 145,000 men and 14,000 horses, exclusive of pensions,- 336,050,000 f. France, paid for an army of -100,000 men and 85,000 horses a sum of 376,587,000 f. Hence, if the English army were as numerous as the French one, it would cost above 1000 millions of francs ! Tho British navy cost in 1863, de ducting pensions, 234,050,000 f., the French navy, 122,589,000 f. The pay of the British sailor varies between 403 f and 700 f , and thnt of the French sailor between 292 f and 438 f a year. Tho cquipmont of an English sailor cost 103 f, and that of a French ono 79 f 50 c. The rations of an English sailor costs 452 f per annum, and that of a French one only 354 f. A serious accident occurred at Mr P. J. Mar tin's farm, Melton, yestovday, to a man named Jno.Wilterton. Ho was attending a thrashing machine, when lie slipped, and his left leg being caught in the machine, it was frightfully cut. Ho was conveyed to town and admitted to the Melbourne Hospital, when it was found neces sary to amputato the limb. A young man named Andrew Montgomery was arrested yesterday, on a charge of embez zling the moneys of the Nuggety and Trafal gar Gold Mining Company. Mr Bright has written a public letter on the obstacles which the ratepaying clauses of tho now Reform Act are supposed to present to the enfranchisement of the occupiers of small tene ments. The hon. gentleman points out that U is not necessary that the rates should be paid directly by the occupier, and ' the system of payment by the owner need not be disturbed if he will undertake to pay tho full rate on all hia occupied property, making aa arrangement with Mb tenant in tho matter of rent.' He holds that, except in cases where the rent has hitherto been belprr tho market value, it must be impossible for cottage o vner* to maiutaiu tho existing rent and at tho saaio timo throw tho rato upon tho tenant, for such a course would bring about its own remedy by causing an extensive cott 'go building, which would soon brio£ rents down n^aiu to their natural level. Mr Bright objects to tho scheme which is being promoted by Mr Petter for tending working men to Parliament. In a letter which tras read at a meeting on tho snbjeot on 5tli No vember, tho hon. member says: — 'I da not think any good can come of efforts to return members becansd thoy are working men. I have no sympathy with landowners, or farmers, or lawyers, or cotton Bpimier3 in Parliament, and I doubt t!io wisdom of any proposition to return working men. ? I hope tho novr consti tuencies may be ablo to discern who is the bust candidate, «nj on nil occasions to havo the souse to vjte for him. I think the first great thing to be done is to secure tha ballot, which would so strengthen the Liberals as to make a real redistribution of aoats obtainable.' It appears that tho iutentiou to consecrato a new bishop for tho diasoso of Natal in opposi tion to Dr. Colenso has not beon abandoned, although Jlr Butler, the vicar of Wantage, has declined to accept it.' Active measures are bein -j taken to secure a payment of £600 a year for a new bishop ; find the secretaries onuounco that one -half of the necessary fund is already subscribed. It is stated on the ono hand that there are no legal difficulties in tho way, colo nial bishops noir being consecrated without either royal patent or royal inanduto, and that the consecration of n Bishop of Pietermaritz burg (Natal) would be a purely spiritual act, entirely within the competence of a free and voluntary body such as the Church of South Africa now is ; and, on tbo other, that in tho event of tho Archbishop of Canterbury inti mating an intention to consecrate a new bishop for Natal, an application to restrain him from doing so will be made to the Court of Queen's Bench. The Moscow Gazette declares that France and Austria nro about to commence an active intervention on behulf of Poland, and expresses its fearolest a seriius attempt should bo made to re-establish that kingdom. According lo the PallMall Gazette, ' the meaning of this affec tation of terror is that the Moscow Gazette wishoB tha measnres of severity taken against tho Poles throe or four yeara ago to bo per sistently continued. Unless tho Poles bo ac cused from time to timo of an intention to rise, there con bo no good reason for holding them down. But, whatevor elso Franco and Austria may undertake, one can scarcely imagine them forming an alliance to do now what they did not think it advisable to do under much more favorable circumstances in 1863\. If Prussia wero with them, if might bo different; but, in spite of its unjust and im politic proceedings towards its German sub jects in the Baltic provinces, the Russian Go vernment has not yet managed to drive Prussia over to the side of its enemies.' A curious point came before the bench at the Central Police Court, Geelong, on Saturday. Some short time since a man named Faulkner obtained an order for £20 against Mr Stebbing, proprietor of the circus that lately visited Gee long. Mr Stebbing appears to have got into difficulties here and was unable to pay his hotel bill to Mr Miller, of the Prince of Wales Hotel, who therefore detained three horses as security. In tho meantime Faulkner obtained a distress warrant and placed it in the hands of the police to execute. The police hearing of these three horses wished to levy on them, but Mr Miller refused to give them up until his lien was sa tisfied or unless it was agreed that the horses should be sold subject to that lien. The re sult was an interpleader summons, Mr Miller figuring as claimant. The point to be decided was to whom the horses belonged, but it ap pears the bench have only power to order that property over which there is no dispute in such cases belong eitheir to the claimant or the de fendant in the original case. In this case it could not be said that the horses belonged al together to either party, and the summons had therefore to be dismissed, leaving the matter just where it commenced. The Rev. I. E. Myers, lato chaplain to Sir Moses Montefiore, is now reading for tho Bal larat Synagogues on probation, the Rev. Mr Hermann having retired from the office. A man named Charles Humphreys was con veyed on Saturday* last from Melbourne to Bnllarat, and placed in the Western lock-up, charged with obtaining money by means of a false cheque upen Robert Duncan, of Ballarat, The prisoner, it seems, hnd been dealing ex teusively in scrip, but decamped upon ascer taining bis fraudulent proceedings were dis covered. Tho police, however, tracod his whereabouts in Melbourne, and conveyed him' back to Ballarat. Considerable oxcitemont was caused on Saturday nftornoon at Slrathloddon, when it became known that some snrfaco quartz, taken from the range between Gerniun and Mopoke Gullies, hail turned out bettor than 7 oz to tho ton. A rush was made, and tho reef marked out for somo distance north and south of tho prospecting claim. Says the Daily News : — " Those who are piscatorially inclined will be pleased to know that the fishing in the Victorian streams on this side of the dividing range is better this season than it has been for the last ten years, ore especially in the Coliban, which swarms with cod and bream. Our informant states that a farmer on the Coliban last week caught as many in half an hour as provided for a family of six persons ; nnd he brought to town with him a fine cod weighing seven pounds. The quality of the fish is delicious. Our informant advises any one going for a day's sport to choose a spot below the falls at De- graves's, as the fish above the falls are much smaller and inferior to those higher up the river. At tho time of tho crnel murder of Mr Hurst, at Diamond Creek, by tho bushranger Burke, n subscription was opened on behalf of tho family of-tho deceased, and also for the purpose of placing a momorial over the victim's grave. The treasurer has furnished an ac connt showing that £121 6s 2d was received, of which amount £28 os was paid for tho tombstsne, £14 3s 8d to Mr R. Hurst (tho fatherof tho deceased), £40 to Mr J. Abbott, who so gillantly aided in tho capture of the murderer, and £5 5s legal expenses in vesting the burial ground in trustees, aud the balance of £3 12s G'.l in advertising, postago and stationery. A country contemporary gives a very whole some wnrniujj to electors whoso inexperience might render them dupes of the wily emissaries of tho Opposition: — 'There is nothing that a smart electioneering tactician will not resort to during an election in order to damage the op pssito side. If he cannot induce the electors to give their votes to his principal he will use his utmost endeavors to prevent them from voting at all, and he is unscrupulous as to the means he employs, believing that all are fair in elec tion times. According to the Electoral Act, any elector making a bet upon the result of an electien thereby destroys his power to vote thereat. This is not { generally lm.own.by elec tors, bat it J3 by thorn gentlemen who act as ngents, -!anvasser3, &J.; It will ie well, thero fore, for nil electors to rofrain from making any bets nntil tha elections have cilosed, as j even although tho strikes may bo only drinks j all round, if ouoo Uio agent can get the bet j made lifl will soon let the betting voter know that he will voto nt his peril. Wo ore not put ting a fnneifn case, but aro detailing what has been done aud UoasU-d of, nnd will be tried on Again Tvitii t'ioun^v«i'v. A brigade order issued from theVolunteer Office, notifies that an examinition in military engineering branches, 14 and 15, will be held in the Volunteer Engineer Orderly Room, Lygon-street, on the 22nd of April. A.i insUuco of tho uncertainty of life occurred on Sunday nfternoo*, in tba sudden death of a yeunjj lady ai Irreiwrra, the daughter of Mr JIGrath of thnt plsce, as reUted by the Colae Obsrrvtr. After partaking of a heurty dinner, Miss M'Gratb, accompanied by her brother, wont out for a walk, apparently in excellent health and spirits, when, ou a sudden, aho was attacked by a cough, and was dead in five minntei after. Dr. Rae was immediately sent for, and on his arrival disco vered that tho rupture of a blood vessel was tho cause of death. Cuntnin Hall, the Arctic exxilorer. has ad vised his frionds in New York that he will winter at Ropulso Bay, and in April next will start with eight men for King William's Land ou his search for Sir John Franklin. The Pacific Railway has beon constructed aorosa tho American centinent as for as the eastern base of tho Rocky Mountains. The contractors will soon cease operations for the winter on this section, Rud on the other which is boiug built eastward from San Francisco to the Rocky Mountains. It is confidently ex pected that this great railway will be completed by tho spring of 1870. A man named John Bellemey, father of Bel lemey who was lately tried for tho alleged murder of his wife aud acquitted, was arrested yostcrday by detective Christen, on a warrant granted in Sydney, charging him with receiv ing stolon property, consisting of jewellery, tho proceeds of a robbery. It appears that no Brnall stir tyrs created throughout Ballarat on Saturday, by the case against Jellott, who was taken into custody by detective Eason for poisoning the racehorse Exile. A romand was granted in tho case, at Mr Eason'a instance, to afford timo to obtain evidence, Mr Nicholson having been communi cated with. Tho accused positively denies the offence ; but it would seem from tbo direct statement of Eason that ho has something more than the bare statement of Jellott when in his cups that ho did the deed. It appears that the mischievous and highly dangerous practice of throwing stonea at rail wav trnins when in motioa has of lato been frequently indulged in by thc-nghtless young scamps in tho neighborhood of Melbourne. The authorities of the M. and H. B. United Railway Company having determined to have an example niado'of ono of those young mis creants at the first opportunity, a little fellow of sis yeata made his appearance yesterday morning at the Prahran Police Court charged wjth the offence in question, and as his mother expressed her inability to pay a fine of 10s, ho was locked up for forty-eight hours. Omissioxs. — Wo are unavoidably obliged to omit several letters and local reports. The Annual Public Meeting of tho sub scribers to the Rofugo will bo held at Uio Mechanics' Institute, ou tho 28th inst. The Annual Meeting of the Victorian Rifle Association, advertised to be hold ou the 22nd inst. and following days, is postponed until further notice. The PnopciBTons of the Varieties declare themselves well satisfied with the patronage they aro receiving, and Bay that there is no truth in tho rumor that tho entertainments are to bo discontinued. Mil and Mns Cash give their last perform ance in Melbourne at tho Polytechnic Hall, this evening. To-morrow they appoar in the suburbs, aud will in tho course of tke week pay flying visits to Prahniu, Brighton aud St. Kilda. Mr Charles Wiuy, who has a very good name as an elocutionist, has very kindly volun teered to read. ' The Ghost Story,' from School, Curlton, to-night, for the benefit of the building fund of the abovonamed school. TnE Melbourne Home. — Tho committee of tho Melbourne Homo report as follows for the month ending 31st December: — Registra- tions : Governesses, 1 ; servants, 09. Engage ments : Governesses, 0 ; servants, 68. In mates : Governesses, 3 ; needlewomen, 6; ser vants, 24 ; staif, 3. Number in tho Homo on 31st December, stuif inclusive, 15. An Akt Union Pkizb Diu- vvino in aid of St. Vincent dePaul Orphanage, Emerald-hill, is to bo held on Thursday in Easter week. Thero will bo twenty very valuablo prizes and a numbor of lesser worth. It appears that the debt of £2000 for maintenance has been only partially cleared oft* by the lato bazaar, and is still increasing. The number of children in the orphanage is at present 300. It is to be hoped that tho publio will generously come forward on this occasion, as they did on that of the recent bazaar. The Theatres. — His E~oollency the Go vernor, Lady Manners Satton, the Misses Manners Sutton and suite attended the Theatre Roynl lust evening, tho attendance being, as usual, very lurge. To-night Sir W. M. Akhurst, the author of tho Pantomime, takes his annnal benefit. At tho Haymarket 'La Favorita' was poi-iormed to a very thin houso. The suc cessful ' L'Elisir d'Aiuore ' is announced for repetition this evening. Tho Princess Theatre was crowded by an auilionco who evidently en joyed the tricks of tho Japanese heartily. This company seema to become, if possible, more popular every day. Cihckj:t. — A raatcU was played on Saturday, the 11th inst., between tho Fitzroy and Hob son's Bay Railway Clubs, which resulted in favor of the formr-r by 41 runs, tho scores boiug— Fitzroy, 58; II. B. R., 17. For the former, Elliott nn 1 Barboui- mado 17 and 10 respectively; and for the latter, Allan and Horan, with 4 each, wcro tho highest scorers. Bowls. — We havo been requested to call at tention to a match at bowls, which is to take place on Saturday noxt, between members of tho Melbourne and Fitzroy Cluba, on the ground of the former. A3 somo of the best pluyers on either sido havo been selected, a close contest may be expecteJ. 