PASTORAL LETTER OF THE RIGHT REVEREND DR. MURRAY, BISHOP OF MAITLAND. James, by the Grace of God and of the Apostolic See, Bishop of Maitland, to the Catholic Clergy and laity of the Diocese of Maitland. Dearly Beloved Brethren and Children in Christ, — The recurrence of the holy season of Lent which is now approaching, imposes on me the duty of addressing you once more, of in- viting you to repentance, and admonishing you to return to the Lord your God in the sincerity of your hearts, that you may find grace and mercy through Jesus Christ. Yes, the church, ever anxious for our salva- tion, calls on us at all times, but especially during the holy season of Lent, to expiate the sins which we have committed, and to offer some slender reparation to the Divine Majesty for our manifold offences. She cries out incessantly and proclaims to all her children spread throughout the entire world."Behold now is the accept- able time, now is the day of salvation," and to use the language of the prophet Isaias, she exhorts us "to seek the Lord while He may be found, and call upon him while he is near." Let us then, my dearly beloved brethren, listen to the solemn admonitions of the Church, and endeavour to correspond to her maternal wishes. She reminds us in the terrible words of holy writ not to put off our conversion, but to return to the Lord without delay, "Delay not to be converted to the Lord, and defer it not from day to day, for his wrath shall come on a sudden, and in the day of vengeance he will de- stroy thee." Eccles. v. 8, 9. ' And say not the mercy of the Lord is great ; he will have mercy on the multitude of my sins. For mercy and wrath quickly come from him, and his wrath looketh upon sinners," ib, 6, 7. Of all the delu- sions employed by Satan to accomplish the ruin of souls, there is none so dangerous or so fatal as that which induces the sinner to defer his con- version, and to persevere in his evil ways, flattering himself that he shall obtain pardon at a future time. There are few to be found so utterly depraved as to form the fixed resolution of living and dying enemies of God : but unfor- tunately, there are too many walking in the ways of iniquity, who, whilst defying his justice insulting his wisdom, and outraging his mercy ; promise themselves two things entirely beyond their reach, the gift of God's grace and the time and facilities for repentance, which are in the hands of God alone, and which are the most precious of his divine favours. How many poor souls now burning in the depths of hell, find to their cost that in despising the riches of His goodness, and patience, and long sufferings they treasured up for themselves wrath against the day of wrath, and revelation of the last judg- ment of God, Rom. ii. 4, 5. How many damned souls now in hell, who, during their mortal life, resolved to return to God and were anxious to seek reconciliation, and were found unworthy of that great grace, because they abused the mercy of God by calculating on favours to which they had no claim, and of which they rendered themselves undeserving, by disregarding from year to year the warnings of our holy mother the church, despising the voice of her ministers, who, in obedience to her com- mands, cry out to their people 'Do penance, for the kingdom of heaven is at hand.' Oh if these damned souls could now by any means come forth from the deep recesses of hell, and appear again on earth cheered by the hope and prospect of being able to make some re- paration for their past offences, and of securing an imperishable crown of glory in heaven, with what zeal and earnestness would they not labour ? With what care and diligence would they not devote the greater part of their time to the sanctification of their souls ? How trifling they would account the sufferings and tribulations of this life when compared with the excruciating torments which they had experienced in hell, and how light all the miseries and trials of this world would seem when contrasted with the eternal weight of glory reserved for the just in heaven? Would they not rejoice with the apostle of the gentiles in their sufferings, and repeat with him the memorable words in his epistle to the Romans ' For I know that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory to come, that shall be revealed in us," and again, " our present tribulation which, is momentary and light, and worketh for us above measure exceedingly an eternal weight of glory." But alas, the night of death has over- taken the reprobate in hell ; their misery has commenced, and will always commence and never end, it will be as lasting as an eternity. An all- wise and just God has pronounced against them the senteuce of condemnation, and they have been cast into exterior darkness, where there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth. They have fallen into the hands of the living God, and have been plunged into the abyss of hell, into & land of misery and darkness, " where the shadow of death and no order but everlasting horror dwelleth." Oh, my dear brethren, should we not be for ever grateful to God for the riches of his goodness, and patience, and long suffering, in not having dealt with us according to our deserts ; but in his great mercy has given us time and opportunity to make atonement for our past transgressions, and by seeking pardon and reconciliation in the holy sacrament of penance during this holy season of lent, to have our souls cleansed from the loathsome leprosy of sin. Yes, thanks be to heaven, we have been brought up in the holy Catholic Church which points out to us a sacrament which will enable us to pass from spiritual death to life, from sin to ' grace. We rejoice when we are healed of a dangerous malady, when after a long and peril- ous voyage in the midst of stormy oceans and tempestous seas we arrive safe in port we are filled with joy ; it is a source of happiness to re- cover what was lost, to find a treasure, or regain the favour of one who will confer on us every benefit and repair every loss ; and should not sinners approach the tribunal of penance with the liveliest sentiments of gratitude and joy, since there they find a remedy for all their spiritual evils, a port of salvation after ship- wreck, the life of the soul, the treasure of grace, which restores them to the favour of God, en- riches them with the gifts of heaven, revives the merit of past good works and re- establishes them with an increase of glory in all the rights which, they possessed before they lost them by mortal sin, even into that of an everlasting and hea- venly inheritence ? There is no institution of our divine Redeemer which shows forth in such relief His goodness and His mercy as the sacrament of penance, and there is no institution, perhaps, He referred to so frequently and with such complacency as to this holy sacrament. The beautiful parables of the Good Shepherd and the Prodigal Son clearly foreshadow this sacrament in the most pointed way, his repeated warnings and admonitions to the people, come to Me all ye that labour and are heavy laden and I will refresh you,— seem to indicate its effects. Even some of the miracles and prodigies which he performed, were wrought the express purpose of shewing that He had the power of granting pardon to sinners and of remitting their sins, for we are told in the 9th chapter of Saint Mathew that when the people brought to Him a man sick of the palsey lying on a bed, He seeing their faith, addressed him saying 'Son, be of good heart, thy sin are forgiven thee.' Some of the scribes charged Him with blasphemy, and He, penetra- ting the depths of their hears, and knowing their inmost thoughts, asked them ' Which is easier to say, thy sins are forgiven thee ; or to say, rise up and walk? But that you may know that the Son of man hath power on earth to for- give sins, then saith He to the man sick of the palsy : Rise up, take thy bed, and go into thy house. And he rose up and went into his house, and the multitude seeing it, feared and glorified God who had given such power to men.' Here my dear brethren, we have an illustrious miracle performed by our divine Redeemer on the man sick of the palsy in order to convince the incre- dulous Jews that He had power to forgive sins on earth, and the multitude glorified God for having given such power to men. And you too, my dearly beloved brethren heed not the sneers of the heretic and unbeliever, who, like the scribes of old, charge us with blasphemy, when we profess our belief in the tenth article of the Creed, the forgiveness of sins. Yes, we firmly believe and with a certainty founded on the word of God that our Redeemer imparted to the pastors of the Catholic Church the power of fo- giving sins. This power of course belongs to God alone, in the game way as the power, eg, ,- ^r^sking'miradea^hfelbxigSjtcf Him; ' 'HSac'6'nor6ne' ,'., an forgive-, sins, byr his own ipower or- private; 'authority aano one}c&a; ? raise the . dead to life, i butas He has often beeu pleased to communicate .this1; power to man, of, raising the dead to life, , ao-alsp liaa he given to men, as His instruments .and ministers, the power of forgiving sins in ?His name and by His authority. TWb doc trine is clearly laid down in the 20 bh chapter of ,^'St. John, where we are told that our blessed .Saviour appeared to. his disciples and gave them '' a, double blessing of peace, and said to them, — As the Father hath sent me, I also send you. He had been sent to attend to His Father's busi , ness, to establish His Church on earth, which was to .last until the end of ages, against which ?'the powers of darkness as well as the principali . ties and rulers of this world would rago with unceasing fury, but never should prevail, be , cause it is written, the gates of hell shall never, never prevail, against the Church,, built upon a rock, which is Peter. 'Thou art Peter, and upon 'this rock I will build my, Church, and the gates . of hell shall not prevail against it.' And again, our divine Redeemer had been sent by hie eternal 'Father to redeem the world, to call sinners to 'repentance, and to open the gates of hoaven wnich had been closed against them by the sin of our first parents as well as by their own sins. ?As the Father hath sent me, 1 also send you ; .that power which he entrusted to me of for ^giving sins, I now impart to you my beloved Apostles. Then he breathed upon them and 'said* ' Receive ye^the Holy Ghost, .whose sins you shall forgive, 'they are forgiven them, and whose sins you shall retain, they are retained.' It was by these words that our diviue Redeemer carried out and realized one of the most merciful 'designs of. his eternal Father, and performed the most essential and important part of the mission which had been entrusted- to Him by heaven. It WiVi by these memorable words that he instituted penince as a sacrament of peace and reconcilia tion, to carry God's grace into the hearts of pinners and enrich them with that happy peace which' can only ba enjoyed by those who aspire to' Hid heavenly kingdom, and labor in all earnestness to obtain it ; it was by these words that he imparted the power of forgiving sins not only to the Apujt-los, but to their successors in office, the pastors of the Church who were to be duly authorized to exercise the same functions of tne ministry after the death of the Apostles: Sin. and iniquity were to abound in the world even after the Apostles had gone to the uttermost bounds of the earth and an nounced the glad tidings of salvation to nations sitting in darkness and the shadow of death, and sealed the testimony of their faith by shedding their blood and sacrificing their lives in defence of the divine religion which they had been commissioned to teach. And if sin and iniquity were to abound in the world after the death of the Apostles, it was necessary that the power of forgiving sins should continue and be transmitted to others who would succed them in the Apostolic ministry, otherwise what would become of the generality of Christians, and how 'were the- merits .of. the great sacrifice on Mount Calvary to be applied to their souls? For a3 no one, to use the words of the Catechism of the Council of Trent, , 'can attain Salvation but 'through Christ and the benefit of His passion, it was meet 'and of very great advantage to us that; a sacrament should be instituted, by the force and eifieaey of .which .the blood of Christ flowing to us might wash, away the sins com mitted after. baptisffi, and that, we might thus acknowledge that to our Saviour alone are we indebted for the. blessing of reconciliation. ' - And again, obserre, my dearly beloved brethren, the wonderful effects of this reconcilia tion which is. accomplished in the sacrament of penauce, and which is so -beautifully explained in the same Catechism. - . , .. . 'This reconciliation with God is sometimes followed, in pious persons, -who receive this sacrament noliiy ana devoutly, uy tne greatesG peace and tranquility of conscience, accompanied ! wita the highest spiritual delight; for thereis | no crime however grievous and enormous, which . is not effaced by the sacrament of Penance, not indeed ouce only, but often and repeatedly. Of this the Lord thus speaks by his prophet,: ' If the wicked do penance for all his sins, which he hath committed, and keep all ?my coaimand meubs, and do judgment and justice, .ljving he. shall live and not die; and I shall .'not remember all his iniquities which he hath done.' . And fcsfc. John : 'If- we confess our sins, he is faith- . ful and just to forgive us our sins ;'' aud a little after he. says : ''If any man sin ; (aud he exoepts no .sort of . sin), 'we have an advocate, with, the' P,atl)er,' Jesus Christ, the just ; and he is? .. ,che propitiation for our sins ; and not for, ours ouiy, but also for those of the whole worid.' ...... . ... Oil yes, my brethreo, even if our sins were as numerous its the stars, in the lirmament and the sjiiuls -if i.he sea, if they were as red as scarlet, they would all be effaced and blotted out. by virtue of this! sacrament. W he se sins you shall forgive, they a.e forgiven them, . and that sentence of pardon and reconciliation which is pronounced. by the priest is ratified and confirmed in heaven. . , Whilst the priests give the absolu tion ami out wan Uy exei;cises the function, it is Christ;, the invisible High Priest who hiteriorily absolves the penitent, forgives him his sins. It i9 He that signs and} seals our j pardon, arid ratifies the sentence in heaven whivh is pro nounced,, .by fclis representatives on earth. Hence .this,, .wonderful power1 entrusted to the priests, s-- far from -eing derogatory or injurious to. the honour of God, redounds to His glory and. is well j calculated to evoke the feelings of thi) deepest gratitude for having provided u» with, such n, wonderful means of obtaining peace : art-i thu; favour of, God's grace. Again, as ex ptii-iiinicti aa«-w3,. tiio practice of eonfessiou is the grauttnt i!u.'bs-to sin, checks our varioua inolinu turns, rvstcairi* our bad passions, prevents future ral-i[wo3, '«*ii I'., promotes ^virtue, tor though the pr'i Mt-j ot {io-l's -Charon have power to absolve all .true' p&Qij;^ohte, yefc.thay caanot absolve any jiiauyr, . j&uajjfa.; , tux etnperor or ccotrued head, :??? v.^...j :?-;?-? ?-? ..-?- ??-?? - ' ?????'? unless he be filled with- sorrow and compunction for, his jains, and i bo determined ' to avoid themi in the.future.. They.aie not to cast?the pearlsj before' the swine, 'nor are they to administer the; holy thincs:to-;siVdh' as' 'return ;like! dog's to their; vomit. /They cannot ^absolve- 'sinner's who are not truly.' penitent, wiio refuse ' to restore illrgotten . goods, to repair the injuries done; to their neighbour, to ,shun th(3 dangerous*, occasions of sin, to retract the calumnies they have spread, or who refuse to attend to any duty which binds them under pain of mortal sin. Behold my dear. . brethren, the wonderful remedy which God in His mercy and goodness provided for our sancti- , libation. Is it not clear'and manifest that he left nothing undone that was necessary for our sal vation ? And yet, whafc is still more wonderful, how many Catholics are there who profess every day their belief in the forgiveness of sins, and proclaim that the Catholic Church has received this great power from her divine founder to be exercised in favour of mankind until the con summation of the world, who will not approach this holy tribunal of peace and reconciliation, but prefer to expose their immortal souls to eternal ruin and endless misery ? Oh my dearly beloved children in Christ, I beseech you through the bowels of the mercy .of God and with ajl earnestness and authority to avail yourselves of the increased opportunities and facilities that will be offered to you during the holy season of Lent, and to correspond to our paternal com mands, by going to confession and Holy Com munion. Perhaps this may be the last grace sent you by God, the neglect of which may fill up ..the cup of your iniquity, and bring down upon youi heads the auger and vengeance of a day if you shall hear his voice, harden not your hearts ; as in the provocation according to the day of temptation in the wilderness, where your fathers tempted me they proved me and saw my works.' Would to God that my feeble words would sink deep into the hearts of many who have not been to confession for years, aud would arouse them to a sense of their danger and im peudiog ruin. To the important duty of making a good con fession: and Holy Communion, it will be neces sary in this penitential season, to add that of fasting and other good works, to make some atonement for our past transgressions. We are called on by God to be converted to him in fast ing, in weeping, and in mourning. Fasting is a most efficacious means of appeasing the anger of God, and securing God's graces and blessings. Tim riwiilrifciiins fnv Tifinf. t-.n hi- (VKnorvoil lw the faithful of this Diocese will be much the. same as last year. ! They are as follows : — 1st. Whilst the Law of the Lenten Fast re mains in full vigur, I grant in virtue of powers received from the Holy See to all who are obliged to fast or abstain permission to use flesh moat at the -'principal meal on all' Mondays, Tuesdays, Thursdays, except - Thursday ia- Holy Week, and on Saturdays except Saturday in Quarter Tease, Sth March, and Holy Saturday j On all other days the use of flesh meat is for bidden. ?? On 'Sundays flesh meat may be used more than once. . ' ..' ' ' ~'t'!' , 2nd. Eggs, cheese, and butter are riot allowed on. Ash Wednesday, Wednesday in Holy Week snd Good Friday, they can' be used' on all other days, but only at the one principal meal. In' place of bufcter, iard or dripping is permuiitted at diuner. ? 3rd.; On Fcisfciug days a collation is allowed in the- morniug and evening, some milk may be used and a small quantity of butter by those who cannot bake broad without it. 4th. Milk is forbidden on Ash Wednesday,: Wednesday aud Friday in Holy Week. . 5th. Pish ami-flesh meat cannot lie used at the same me-il on any day during Lent. 6bh. Persons not twenty one years of age, or or engaged in hard labour, &c;, are exempted from fasting. ? . .: obh. Those persons -who require a dispensation may apply to the clergymen of tne district, who are hereby authorised to dispense if there be a just cause for doing so. ? , j Sth. The clergy will be pleased to remind the ; faithful of the duty of making their annual con- j fession. aud receiving the Sacrament of the Most : Blessed Euchrist within, the Pasciial time which | begins on the first Sunday in Lent and ends on -.; Trinity Sunday inclusive. . . .-.??{ At the present tiuie great, efforts are. being made to introduce a godies3 system of education, j which is condemned and repudiated by. the' | Catholic Church; I warn parents .to1 take: care j that- -their children may not be infected with i heresy, or imbibe, false- maxims from .'the false j teachings or bad example of the teachers in charge of the schools. I recommend in a 'special', mauner parents and heads of families,' to have the Rosary recited erery .night in their homes, before they retire to- reat. Imleed, this is a de votion which .oughs to i.'lvu ??? practised- ;not .only during. Lent, but diiriug thu.: whole year. T bei; of. the Clergy-toiuculcatethe importance of this beftutiful derotiou to the people. . Having ,-sai.l so muuh ou- thu sacrament of penance, and the necessity of other good works, ? it becomes my .duty to offer a few remarks on education,, as circumstances compel me to m'ak is an appeal to th-3 faithful people committed to my care, with the view of askt/ig their aid and coroperation in providing a truly Catholic «du cation for the rising generation of this vast diocese. .When .addressing you last year on the observance of the Lenten v Fas i, I. statud to you chat liAving witnessed your works of piotyand your zeal for the glory of God's house ; full ot hope and cou(idouc« I threw myself without re serve on your charity and devotion, in providing both for the spiritual wants of the people, and in securing the blessing of a good Catholic odu csafciou for ish» children of all cLisse*. At i-ji.-n time, as you are aware, 1 h*d givwi you a proui of this my confidence by oontrnctiug u d;-:-t amounting bo irtao lar^o »uua cf £2000 iu pnrciuts ing » iiounti for (^.lacatiocuU parpoitx, whidi i trust in *.iiu coursejot a tow yoiu^a will shod m ? ? '. .: '? -, . . ' ? .-'????'.:??%. numerableTjreBainga on tne people of tne dioceae, and confer 'signal beneBt8!otffutu*e generations. | You are' ai$Ov aware 'thatthe; appeal' which; I! am now about to make, , was .fixed .fp^ last J;uly, ; but the 'disastrous floods which brought misery; and desolation to this district, :a'rid 'Jwhichj stripped so many families of every -.thing., they? possessed, roadered it impossible for me-tp carry; out that intention. Indeed, so trying was that'; pez-iod and so very deep your privations that I; could not in conscience or honour make the ap-j peal ; I felt it my duty not to take nor to ask, \ but rather to give what my resources would per-j mit towards the mitigation of the poverty and, ' destitution that thon prevailed. # ! This delay of course caused inconvenience,! and yet I cannot say that I much regret it,, though I much regret its causes. For in the; mean time the' abject which I had in view was being accomplished; arid the good J^uns who hadj promised to come to Maitland were making all necessary arrangements for their departure. . 1 have no doubt but that the fact of their having arrived and afforded you a proof of their great zeal, courage, and devoteduess in travelling 15000 miles of boisterous ocean and in braving the perils of the deep in order to de,yote their services to the instruction of your children and your children's children, willgive an impulse to your generosity and stimulate j-our charity in responding to. this appeal. And what shall I say of the education which they will give to your children ? Let those who have visited the Convent Schools in Ireland give the answer to this question. Let those who are opposed to us in religious principles bear testimony to' the efficiency of our schools, conducted by religious nuns, and my first witness will be the Right Rev. Dr. Higgins, tormerly Protestant Bishop of missioner of national education. These aie hia words : — ' I have this day visited this (Sexton-street Presentation Convent, Limerick) school, and have great pleasure in recording my complete approbation. The order, attention, cleanliness, and proficiency of the children refleci the highest credit on fehe Manager and Superintendent ; and it cannot fail to impart the greatest advantage to the community at large.' My next witness will be A. G. Stapleton, Esq., an Englishman who inspected about sixty national schools in different counties of Ireland and gave the following evidence : — 'On the Nuns (Sisters of Charity) school, Kings'-Inn-streeb, Dublin- on the Rolls, 333; average attendance, 260 ; no Protestants ; I heard a class in this school ; asked Scripture facts, and found a correctness aud readiness of answer which I have not yet seen surpassed.' Again, of the Drogheda Presentation Convent with the schools under the Nuns in Drogheda — 1,000 girls on the Rolls; average attendance 500 ; I heard the girls in reading, geography, parsing, and spelling ; very fairly proficient ; many very intelligent and pleasing children sang ?well ' God save the Queen' ; everything was as clean as possible ; the Infant school \ras touch iug, the children coming to the Nuns, and playing .as if they were their mothers ; the songs they sang really beautiful, 1 was very favourably im pressed with that school.' Upon the Galway ?Presahtatiou Convent he states that 'Father George Usher, a pleasing intelligent man, told him that there were 700 pupils on Rolls, and :600 in attendance, and that the whole of the :Salary from the Board went to feeding the poor children.' I may remark that this is the testimony of a man so strongly opposed to the Catholic Church, ;ttuit he stated on oath that the Catholic religion is a system of idolatry, aud that the Romanist : Priest can never be a loyal subject to a Protes tant Qnecn, that he is ex officio a sworn enemy to his heretical, sovereign. I should also add that if Mr. Sbivpleton had an opportunity of now visiting the Kings'-Inn-street schools in Dublin, he would find them still conducted by the same devoted sisters of charity, and he would find on the rolls about .1,300 and an average attendance of more than. 1,000 children. Ho would also discover that notwithstanding the many disad vantages the schools conducted by Nuns labour under* by thenarrowmiudedandrestrictivepolicy ; of the Irisn National Board, they look up to the schools in Kings' Inn-street as the best con ducted and most efficient in Ireland, aud to this } fact their inspectors both Protestant and Catho ' lie have more than onceborne ample and honor able testimony.' Allow me to add another Pro : 'testant wituess, Maurice Cross, Esq., for so many years secretary of the Irish National Board. He stated to the Lords committee in 1831, in reply to their query, as follows :— if In fact the literary education you consider to be the same in all those classes of sshools whether monastic, conventional, clerical or lay ? |; Yes; the system of literary instruction is much the: ? same, ? generally speaking ; bui 1 am quite persuaded, that in the Conventual schools the literary instruction is conducted with eren gi eater advantage and success than, in many of the ordinary schools. That is- caused by the' lact, tint the. Convent schools are conducted by a number of ladies of superior . acquirements, whose vow. aud duty it is, according to their re ligious order, to altend particularly to t\a edu cation of -the poor; and who take the greatest pains in promoting their literary, moral, and re ligious instruction. Their schools are models, with regard to discipline, neatness, and cleanli rie«s ; in fact the Convent schools present gene rally the beak specimens of education that Ire land can p.-oduoe. This favourable state of things arises from the circumstance, ai I hare before remarked, thak there are saveral ladies ? employed in each school for this special purpose, aad who are generally well qualified to gire lita rary instruction, and who pay the greabeefc at Section, nut merely to tho secular, bufc to the Hocial and doinestie education of the childras. ? ' Whafc evidenco have you of the snp«rii*-itry of tho CouYtmb schools, to which you have re ferred ? ] ' in sonyj of tlie reports of tha hood ioefrsa torer strong^eafctmtmy^rtth^^ fact I have stated ,E have Been. some. of thoa« schools myself, and was very much struck with their superiority, in the respects to which I have alluded, above the ordinary class of Natio. nal Schools.' ? ??-????*??:. - To this evidence in leference to convent schools, 1 might add the testimony .of.. 'her Majesty's commissioners of endowed* schools, whose reports speak in the highest terms of the schools conducted by the Nuns and Christian brothers. Thus for instance, Dr. McBlain, one of the Assistant Commissioners, makes the fol lowing statement :— , 'I think it right to mention these schoola taught by religious teachers aa being distinguished by certain special excellencies; T visited seve-f ral boya' schools taught by the Christian Brothers, and several girls' , schools, either taught by or under the immediate superinten dence of Roman Catholic ladies belonging to va- rious religious orders. I was much impressed with the general aspect presented by these schools, and particularly with their discipline and order, combined with the cheerfulness and docility of the pupils. The boys educated iti the Christian Brothers' schools have, in general, attained an unusual degree of proficiency in tho different branches of learning in which they are instructed. The superiority of these schools id doubtless in a great measure to-be ascribed to' the extraordinary personal influence exerted by the teachers over the pupils— an influence based on the distinction thab these teachers have de voted their lives to the cause of education for no private or personal gain or reward, but solely in' the discharge of a sacred and self- imposed duty.'; At the risk of being considered tedious, I canr not forego quoting the testimony of at least one Catholic witness, James W. Kavanagh, Esq.,' now the Professor of mathematics in the Catho lic University of Ireland ; who having been an'- inspector for many years and having a thorough.; acquaintance of this subject, such as is not pos seased by any Catholic layman as far as I know1 in Ireland, made the following statement. I quote from his general report submitted to the Commissioners of National Education, for tha year 1849,— Convent Schools.— In addition to the causes' already stated, which influence the spread of1 Female National Schools in my circuit, there is ' one especially deserving of consideration— the existence of so many Convent Schools in con nexion with the Board. In the nine districts with which I am connected there are 39 schools ? conducted by Nuna of five different Religious Orders, and a few others, to be placed under the Board, are in course of preparation. These schools are scattered through the eleven Catho- ' lie dioceses. — Kildaro and Leighlin, Ossory, imnwiujuauu jjiauiuro, -Aruauiocese or.uasnei' and Diocese of Etnly, Cloyne and Pi,oss, Cork, Ardfert and Aghadoe, Limerick, Killaloe,' Kil macduahland Kilfenora, and Gaiway— between which my circuit is divided, and each school is ' under the especial jutisdiction and guardianship ; of the Archbishop or Bishop of the Diocese. In the entire of the nine districts there are only three Convent Schools for the poor which are not in connexion with the National Board. I ' visited and examined 30 of the 39 schools, and in addition, I have, through the district inspec tors, obtained very full reports ou the entire number. The number of pupils on the rolls of 39 ' schoola for the half-year ending 31st September . last, was 14.(390, being, at an average, 378 to t each ; and the daily average attendance for the same period was nearly 9,000, or 231 pupils in each school. , ? Generally speaking, those schools lie in the enclosure of the convent grounds, but usually ? there is an entrance to each, apart from that leading to the convent. In some four or fiva ' instances, as in Limerick, the schools are distant from the convent, the ladies' walking or driving ; to them each morning, and returning to the .. convent in the evening. This could only apply to the Sisters of Mercy and such religious orders ;is are permitted by their rules to go outside the ? precincts of the eon vent. Of the 39 schools 8 ' are vested in trustees, or secured by bond, for the purpose of National Education, and to ' their erection, or furnishing, the Commissioners contributed. The remaining 31 were built,- fur- ' nished, and fitted up partly at the expense of o each parish ; and partly out of the funds of. the Religious Community. The schook are held ia f 73 rooms capable of accommodating 11,339 chil- ' dren, at 6 square feet to each child. The rooms aro all well lighted and ventilated, well fur nished, and amply supplied with maps, books, and requisites. The chief defects .are want of ; class-rooms, and of play-grounds, and iusufBci- ' ent school accommodation^ notwithstanding the .; very large size of most of the room3. In many of the schools the most destitute of the children ' are provided with breakfast ; and, generally t; speaking, there- is a simple, cleanly, and cheap '; uniform worn by the inonltresses- and others, ;-, .which imparts -a cheerful appearance to the school.' In none of the convents is any charge ° made for tuition, the entire 15,000 pnpi'ls - being '' ?admitted free. In all these schools, next afber ' the moral and religious training of the children, ;.; ?Hnddue attention being had to their literary proficiency — a paramount object, never ta be lost sight of — is tho. constant exercise of habits ' d£ order, cleauliness, thrift, aud industry. ' N;eedlo-work, knitting, and all kinds of plain r and fancy work are taught iu every one of these - schools ; and, although it might appear to be in vidious to single out any for special notice where all aro excelleab, I cannot avoid making special -: referenc to the thoroughly substantial, practical, aud product! re character of th» work in the Thurles Presentation Convent. lii this school, cotton*, flax, hemp, and wool pasa through every stage from t!« rud» raiw material to the manufactured product. Spinning, weaving, knifcbiug, needle-work, iu all , its varieties, and dyeing are very extensively '', carried on; aud large contracts arc undertaken ' add executed for tho supplying of stockings, ?' ' liiwo.% bltiuketa, flafl»(d^ Jio^jya, aud tweeds tx- ; r'Tario,ua public institutions and private indiyi , . dualBj and even sacks and coarse heavy coverlets '''tor, the lugjgage vane of the Great Southern 1 liailway. The prominent features of the Indus trial, department in Thurles School are the ? eminently practical and varied character of the 'homely Textile fabrics which here pass through almost, every intermediate stage, from the' fleece or fibre to the Boft blanket, the flannel, linsey, or' tweed, or the fine diaper or damask table cloth. The tuck-mill and the bleach are the only external agents upon which the schools are dependent, every other process connected with the several branches of industry being performed on, the premises and by the pupils. The Middleton Convent School is as famous for fancy and ornamental needle-work as the Thurles School is for the manufacture of plain textile fibres. ' 1 have seen several letter from ladies of the highest rank in England expressive of their admiration of the exqxiisite embroidery done for ? them by the pupils of Middleton. Also letters from the heads of firms in London, stating- that .? the work executed for them could not be 6urr passed in London or Paris. In several other Convent Schools the work done by the girls is such that' their earnings therefrom form a. con siderable item towards their own support and rclothing. . : : Female Teachers. — The Convent School ; -Pupils/ — In addition to the cultivation of .industry in all the Convent Schools, a few of; : them are especially distinguished for training up -; young females so as to fie them for the charge of schools.' Of the 243 teachers who attended the examination, upwards of 70 had received the entire1 of their education in National Schools conducted by Nuns. Generally speaking, all these exhibited a marked superiority over the other teachers in most respects, but especially in reading,' grammar, and writing. , Order, discip line, and cleanliness are better attended to in their schools, and their knowledge of, and attention to needle-work and industrial instruction are con siderably in advance of the great body of other Female teachers. The Presentation Convent School in Galway has educated and trained more teachers than any other institution in Ireland, i and 1 have no doubt that full 80 of its pupils I have charge of National or ether schools. The [ other Convent Schools that have trained and [ have sent out the greatest number of teachers are .Kilkenny ; Thurles ; St. Mary's, Limerick ; Tralee ; Mill-street ; andFermoy. In some dis tricts, as Kilkenny, Cappoquin, Clonmel, and -iraiec, uviiiLxy iiuii w_ic cuiiiru uumuer oi lemaie teachers had been pupils in Convent National Schoolsl' Bat, my dear brethren, you are not to under stand' me as basing my appeal to your charity and generosity on the high* qualifications of the Sister's of St. Dominic, nor on the success which has crowned their labours in Ireland, oh no ! the present appeal is made on far higher grounds and -principles of far greater importance, and I.; deeper interest are at stake. The attitude as I .; sumed by the Legislature of this colony, or rather I ' by' the Council of Education appointed to admin I ; ister the Public Schools Act has already given us I ; Catholics sufficient insight into the spirit of hos 1 tility by which they are animated towards us, I ' and has unmistakeably pointed out to us the fear 1 ful! alternative which is placed before us, either H that of renouncing the principles of our holy re Si ligion and surrendering Catholic rights and Ca ll ' tholic interests to our enemies by submitting, to H the- Council of Education, and adopting0 its H| rules and regulations, or on the other hand H assigns to us the difficult, perhaps, but honor H able' task of strictly adhering to Catholic doc- j U trine, and maintaining with moderation, firm-' m) ness, and nerseverance those nrinf»inW «ri-.i\vu have always been held sacred by all true Catho lics, and which are so clearly pointed out by the present glorious Pontiff, in the famous Encyclical Letter of 3864. In the letter which 1. wrote a few months ago 1 endeavoured to show that1 Gafcholtc doctiine, Catholic rights, and Catholic interests were attacked and assailed by the Public Schools Act, and still more so by the spirit of hostility in v/hich it is administered. : . In accordance with the principles laid down by our holy father the Pope, we have established in this Diocese a community of religious Sisters who will be ever and always under our authority and that of our successors, who will give a high literary education, but always sub-' jeefc to eccesiastical authority and control,. and will blend it in such a way with religious. teach- ing so that the religious element may underlie the whole system of education, and religion and science, 'like two sisters, go hand in haml, form ing the minds and hearts of your children and which, while securing for them the attainment of the high destiny for which they were created, will consolidate empires and cement kingdoms and perpetuate the stability of thrones, which history tells us have been shaken and rent asunder in many continental countries owing to the bad systems of education devised by nnwise ministers and ambitious statesmen, and the pernicious principles which had been fostered by those whose position and experience ealledon'them to adopt DeUer counsels for the common weal 'of the people and she advantage or the Government, whose true interests they were;, bound to protect, and for the general good oi society. Behold, my dear brethren, the grounds on which I make this appeal. 1 appeal to your charity and generosity in the name not only of true education, but in the name of our holy re ligion, without which all education would be ?arthly. sensual, der ilish. 1 appeal to you in the name of your dear children whose dearest in terests-all laws, human and divine, call on me their Bishop anil their spiritual father, and on you, their parents and natural guardians, to protect and defend against the encroachments or oppression of any power on earth that would at tempt toundermine their faith or ,to. shake the rahgious 'convictions of so marjy immortal ., souls »d«emed by; the precioaa, blood of Jeauik Christ. *app«a! t& you in the name of the Catholics of »» ranofce districts ol the di^qese whose spin Rftl waats ar« w«H known to uie, and to who»« interests, I trust, this appeal will enable me to attend. I appeal to you in the name of the -religious Sisters of St. Dominic, who abandoned home, friends, and country, to devote themselves to the education of your children and of your children's children arid in the name of a com munity that will, I trust, flourish and prosper in time to come, when you and I shall have been gathered to our fathers, and they shall live to see your children grown into an intelligent, con tented, prosperous, and religious people, 'Happy is that people whose God is the Lord.' The blessing and the grace of our Lord Jesua Christ be with you all. Amen. \+ JAMES, Bishop of Maitland. St. Joseph's Presbytery, February 10th, 1S67. N B.— 1st. The collection will take place on the 1st Sunday of Lent 2nd March next, and I beg of the clergy to make all arrangements for that day by appointing collectors and local com mittees as far as may be necessary to ensure its success. ? 2nd. In those districts of the diocese where there is not a resident priest, the collection will be made as soon as possible after the day above mentioned. - 3rd. All subscriptions are to be given to the clergymen of the district, who will forward the amount to me together with the list of the names of the subscribers ani the amount given which shall be published in the Maitland Mercury and Sydney Freeman's Journal as soon as the collec tion shall- have been completed. . 4bh. As the object is one in which all classes feel a deep interest and which 1 trust will confer signal blessings on generations yet tinhorn, I earnestly entreat all, rich, and, poor, old and young, to contribute according to their means, keeping in mind the beautiful words of Scrip ture, 'They that instruct many to justice shall shine as stars for all eternity.' '5th. The intelligence which reached us by last mail announcing the complete and total defeat of the Garibaldians near Rome, and the victory of the French arms is most cheering to every Catholic heart, and all lovers of justice and order throughout the world are returning thanks to God for having raised men in our days to crush the monster of revolution and to renew the glories of past ages by displaying courage and valour worthy of the great Christian heroes, who in the days of the holy Pontiff Pius V, defeated the Turks at Lepanto and preserved Europe from destruction. ' It is only meet that Catholic brethren of Europe, and return thanks for this signaljvictory. With this view I ask the clergy to offer at their convenience one Mass in thanksgiving to God for having crushed -the enemies of social order and asserted the rights of the most ancient and most legitimate sovereign ty in the world, and another Mass for the repose of the souls of the brave men who shed their blood and died in defence of so holy a cause. The clergy will please 'tot announce to the faithful the days on which these Masses will be offered, so that they may join in devout and fervent prayer for the same intention. Oth. The prayer for rain may be discontinued and as the land in the district is now covered with verdure, and the crops are spriging up in every direction owing to the copious rains which we have had within the last few weeks, it behoves us to return God thanks for so great a . blessing, 71-h. This letter is to be read on Sexagesima or Qiiinquagesima Sunday, in 'all the Churches in the Diocese, and at the various missions b.9 soon as possible. 