A DAY Y WITH 59ItE PRUssIAN ., , .; UYMNAST$. (Frome As 4ustrslalan.) On summer, not so many years ago, I took a six weeks' trip into P russia,' by way of London and Hamburg. After seeing Berlin' and its new and glorious statue of Frederick' the Great (something like a monument that !) I found myself at anchor, so to speak, in'the small town of Newstadt for three whole weeks.' Our party was a small one, consisting of a Prussian gentleman (recently become a naturalised Englihman);. three young lads, and, myself., 'e will call my Prussian friend B3ldeker, and introduce him at the same time to my readers as a genial, kind, muscular fellow, whom everyone liked and nobody shunned. He was the. life of any company he' found himself in, ever making fun, with' an inventive genius for amusement perfectly wonderful. '-Vell dressed, clean, pleasantly bejewelled, he had on'the surface but one fault, and that I must pardon him for, since I learnt to imitate him that same summer-he was never without a pipe or cigarln his mouth.' Did I go'to wake him in the morning the weed was already lit;' Did we go bathing, it was put down as the last garment was put off, to be resumed some time before the first vesturo was put on. ' Breakfast ;Interrupted him, and so did 'dinner, but 'at supper he' can hardly be said to have allowed his cigar to go out. 'Well, heý was and is a good fellow, and the' gorging fiend tobacco does not lessen his good temper.; We occupied roois in the chief hotel; very comfortable and very moderate, for the landlord was some sort of connexion of my friend.,',. He was a most excellent host, and his wife and children were very hice-lfar superior, I am sorry to say, to'anything in'tho same rank' of life in England. Ils son was a lad of fourteen, well.educatod, an4 of.good manners.. His little girl, seven years old, was simply charm. ing ;'"She was at home for. a. fortnight's holiday while we were there, and .soveral times I had the pleasure 'of a German lesson in 'pronunclition from her lips; which. was somehow conducted in this way.: She would kneel on'the sofa near me, and call on' me to say some simple word after her.' ,If my clumsy" tongue"'failed: to d, it justice, . a tender 'little box on 'the ear, with a look of indignation"from' her' pretty'eyes; was my punishment; but if' I 'was'successful and satisfied her, my ablundant reward was, a gentle kiss from rosy lips. 'I need not say that I' progressed rapidly in' that fortnight in the proper use of my gutturals, so that I think I could 'satisfy even ia Scotchman'in pronouncing his'beloved loch; ?' Ouir',daily lif' avs piassed much in this way.'; At seven we awoke 'and lit a .cigar; in about half an hour we rose, and decently robindg hurried; down;to a .large mill-pool, about five minutes' ,walk .from, the. lotel, where"'a'capital swim was to be obtainod. Afterwards, a' light 'breakfast of 'eggs and coffee, followed by ~ short walk or a long read. Dininer'at'one, for theo Germans dine early, supper being a very 'important institution. About five o'clock.we always sallied forth for a walk iniho delicious woods, that lay close by.; These 'woods'ire full of game., They extend for miles; and the' game is, preserved by 'a body "of, foresters in th pay. dof the King'" 'These are real foresters, dressed in like raiemen than gameleepers, gonerally, having a short sword or a lnog.knife at their sides. 'Wild boars are , till' to be found, i thede'woods',and one day I had the'ploasure of dining off a'steak cut from one'.of.these aninials." 'It tasted a great deal more. like About two miles from'our town there was a cdrtvai?ary. I use ;thls'term' as"thedre is nothiing. in our country' that in the.least describeob t. It is not, a'ipublio-house, or tavern'ii, not'tea Gardens;: not a mere inn or hotel,'but it combines somiethiig 'of all these characteristics. There' re'r lodgings to be had; there are lijuors to b'drunk,' there are tables and' arbours under' the trees.: There is eveni toi to'be' had; as we saw..one diay when the school children' had their fdte'day,, All the little town turned' out.to' see., the festival, and finished, up the day by having their tea in the gardens of this same build. ing.', Uuially when we arrived at this 'place we fo?id'a number 'of schoolmasters passing their'evening hero in company with many of the principal. tradesmen' of ihe town.:,;,They very kindly invited.us to join their society while" we' stayed 'In" the neighboulrhood. There is no broad. and fast'lino in Prussia betwen' the professibonal and trading class; but education has' raised this' latter ono'.to .o lmost. rn'equal level ,with the' forme. ', e7tas'very'much struck with' this 'fact,, nor uld'I" see any reason for objecting to "ant inspector"'f:schobols hobnobbing over beer with" thlie"wtchmaker of the, town. They seem'd'"all'to'be on most'friendly and intl. mate6 terism. Our evenlngs were thus passed with these gentlemen, for'so they all wore. Largo-mugs of., beer ,called seldels .were emptied and replenlshed rather rapidly,'I thoughti;"'but' then beei-drinking abroad, though'very extensive, is' sober and respect. able. Every. single:man had a song.book; and apparently every single' marl': hadr a volc6.' OhoGrus after choerus, song after song,' followed in quick succesaion.' They' never ' seemed to tireof this amusement. " We have not the least'approachl to such a""otistom in 'our land..: I think we should be happier if we ad:' :If, we do happen' to mnoet socially, perhaps one"or two of the party, cani long a -do eisong, decently ;but here the 'whole ' compan~ oined in;"evliddntly famlliar with theo miiso of every chor'rs in the yook.r/'" I, S. It.wis nt'ohebof' tli,?s?iiafie ;t'h ti' senior master proposed to, firiendIadoi : ker and myself joii' a part gong oe.to a gymnastiolfilf'at' a': ltlfe'village about : nine miles from our town.:·?This is another cr' haracteristio",of Geo'rai.ltfey'.t hih i/I'ir,, jiao"o" td se 'is being girared ,.on to? our Eoglish custoin? . Every tbtown;'villsg4,' or school has its gymnasium; '."Hero: at Nos. taudt, the gymnasium was Ir th iop'eni' alr, i: n a clear space in the woods about'half f mile fronithe iloni'r. gladly iacoepted the offer of our friend,, butpleaded that we had no proper costume.' This diflrlIty was soon arranged, however,'for we founa that.a .: pair f I.Holland trou'sers: was'all:that wis required:to mhko'us gynmnasts in app'eir' ance. These were lent us, and I think,my frioend and I rathlertook the shine out of the otheres by. the rest of our get.up. For'wo had brought some ver~'light' coats, narrow i blue tiaes, andwhlite wido-awakos, witll'a .-. broad.band of, llght blue round them, the , same shade as our ties. ' A' wo did not in, ' tend to exert ourselves' \o ,oro' light linen' 'slirtswhleli bore also it favourable contrast Sto the flannel shirts about us,. Thovillago torwhlich we were lo go was on the Oder. The day of the tfd 'was Sunday, for. in Protestant Prussia the Sundyy is quite ai much of a uhliday as in any loman Catholic country; the main difference between them being that the Catholics go to mass, and the Protestants go nowhere. As we had nine miles to drive, wo of course were to start early, so at seven we two were bathing as usual, and at eight we found ourselves at a trysting-placo on the high road. For a few minutes we were alone, and nothing in sight, so we lay down at the roadeido on a plaid we had brought with us to sit upon... By and-by we were joined' by one or two, and soon the rest of the party came in sight in the conveyance. This was a cart with deal boards from one end to the other as seats. Wo had two horses, very, heavy and very slow; but the chief drawback to the whole arrangement was the want of springs;, so that the ride itself was a gymnastic exorcise of no small importance. In we all'scra.i bled, and found ,we woro about a dozen in number. We two were congratulated on our personal get-up, and then the ever lasting song-book was produced, which never was put awa.. until we reached Oderburg. Nothing particular occurred upon the road, except about half-way some of. our part got out and pulled, branch after .branch from the young trees of the wood through which ,the road led. With' those they decorated the'cart and shelteredus some what from the sun; which was now burning, for the day was beautiful, without a cloud in the sky. " On our arrival the inayor, a man of about thirty-five, met 'iusat the entrance of the village. After welcoming us he. requested us to descend from the cart and march on foot into the town... With him at our head, three abreast, we walked, singing a lively gymnastic march, to the centre of the vil lage, where we broke up int little sets until two o'clock.' It was now nigh twelve, and the first'master carried off my friend and myself to dine at, the house of the chief butcher of the village, a' worthy 'man who had married his cousin. , She welcomed the strangers very heartily and bustled about dinner. Her son, a young lad of fourteen, played the piano very,woll whilst we were waiting." In the middle of :our dinner, which the wife served to, us, and during which, as is the German custom, she waited on us, sitting doln to take her portion when all the rest,were helped, the mayor came in to welcome the two strangers from England. After chatting agreeably- for a quarter oi an hour, he left us to see that every one was getting dinner somewhere or other. Thi: was no light task, for more than two hluu drod gymnasts were collected 'on this occa sion from' urrounding villages. After dinnei we'smoked bur pipes, Butcher, jun., dis coursing sweet sounds for us once more.' liH was a thorough'gen'tlemanly lad, and spoke very fair English, so as to make him self quite, understood.:. At. two o'clock we were summoned by aitrumnpot, nnd turned out to join' the, rest of. our friends. -On the market-place, all the gymnasts, ourselves included, fell into procepsion quickly, with out fuss, and with'a band playing,n front, and the gymnastio flag of. the district flying in the midst, away.wo marched, still singing. The"town was very' gaily deckel.--:,'-'-e-, and al.t,--~,,~uo1j'ri ciiO an poor, young an'old marcned up with us'to the regular ground,.about a mile from the market-place. What tho parsdns did for congregations that day, I 'an't inagine; probably they, too, came up to se e t sh?low.. Now, so far I had; supported my, charactor:very vwell, ,n the only diffculty was, t .wear my trousers properly, keep stop regularly, and join;in the choruses loudly . But as we neared the scene'of 'action, I egan to feel,nervous lest I?should'be'disdcovered as an impostor, for though my friend wa 'an athlete, I was in no, sense one,'foirI ':iever: made .myself, crank on a horizontal bar, never risked, my precious neck by.hangingwith' my toes from a beoam.' I much' prefer a, live horse,to a hhrd woode, dead one.?,. I feel slight sea sickness on a swin'g,'aud have always had, wholesome dread of a trapeze.; I have no vaulting ambitiod," and prefer the parallel lines of Euclid to thel parallel, bars of,* gymnasium., At last weo arrived' at the ground, whichwas skirted, by a few light trees,'at the corner of which was a consider ableinn'of the same character as the one I havo described;- Irito' the grounld'we all marched, but the first master, Bidaker, and myself fell out to the shades of the trees, on the plea that the sun was too hot.' The preliminary exercise then took place, all the men,first removing .their, hats.;, .One man led' them, and, they went, through a variety of extensive motions which would have of themselves, destroyed,mo, under that sun. After twibety minutes'of this sort of thing they'the?i ditded into several;parties,,one for the trapeze, a second for the horizontal bar, athird- for the- parallels,; a fourth for the horse, and'so;on.' I 'soon'found that there was sufficient at each position to inake myappearance thereo of no sort of: interest to anybody, and so,'iuh' comforted, Iagain began to 'enjoy myself.,' I 'did;'howevernat the solicitation of the mayor; who 'took' 'm uiider. his, ~peclal f observation, that "day; attempt one littloi feat of jumping;' Two regular polos <wereo set! up,"'and'. i' small company; ofn menb' egan 'the 'piocess'of Jumping:at na:vory low iinde'safeheight.' ero -I I thought I "should i be safer' thsd anywhere, nelse;',tws It woa limpossible': t, trip;,and .1" could teasily leave off before disgrncinginy'elf 'o 'I80 took' my turn arid wont'over the'string about six times; but I found that I was an object''of more admita. tion!than I quite Wanted,for I' was 'greeted at btch successful jump with a chorus" from the lookers on of "der Englander,' der Eng lander,)!'tho Eniglishman ?the Englishman. SoI uietlyretired,' evidently overcome' by the heat, but otherwise'apparently cipable 6f jumping iy. own height at the very least. By degrees tho'feebler gyminasts fell awdy to 'pipes- and beeir,'but I-stayed to watch'the more skilful of each village perform cleverly 'on,thb various instriiments of torture.'1' ," ', At about'a quartopr to fivo,' the labour wan all voer inad weo'wre summonei?d to 'auplnr, .which was laid out 'on two long tables In tho open ir 'in tho gardens of the inn;'.'A'hugro barrel or beer stood on trestles bet'ween the two tablet,'and was replenished iobreo'thau ono,. '!Everyore ordered !rwhat h 'pleased for his supper, the usual dish b being ""bote lett milt kartoffel'n,"' which'Pmay' beo"intr,' pretb " hop and potatoes."'" This'". s washed' :downe with "9 beidols '"l "of beer. Whin hunger'was appeased, and the seidols filled, the mayor rose to'propose thib health of tho gymnasts who had honoured Odorbuir with,' ,theior prosoucod that day.i e HeIo' poki words of warm welcome to them, congratu. lated them on .'their performance, said a few words about the advantages of gymnastic exercises, alluded delicately to the strangers from England who had also joined them in theirfete. - The speech was short, straight forward, very much to the point, and re ceived with many guttoral exclamations of approval. The Oderburgians at its close clinked glasses with their neighbours, and drunk their very good healths. Then, one aft?r' the other, the spokesman of each asso ciation rose and returned thanks, each vil lago being specially honoured at the end of its champion's speech by more hurrahs, more beer, and more clinking. of glasses. Finally, my friend Badeker stood upon his feet, and, in an impassioned speech, declared that, tlough forced by his position to live in a foreign land, yet that his fatherland was as precious as ever to his heart, nor for a day ever left his memory. IIo expressed his gratis tude, and that of his friends from England, for the exceedingly kind and hospitable man. ner in which they had been received. The moment he sat down again nearly the whole body of gymnasts came. out of their seats, determined not to lot pass the chance of tebtifying their friendship for Englishmen, aud'I found myself and my beer surrounded by a perfect crowd of glasses, which threat. ened by their friendly clinkings to break the beaker in my hand. I can hardly under. stand the' cause of this enthusiasm, for a very 'short time before the sight 'of. an Englishman was obnoxious to a Prssian, owing to some row at the Bonn railway sta tion. 'I had only had'a fortnight's acquaint. anco with a few of those gentlemen, yet have' remembered them, ever since as friends; ;'but then I make a point of immo diately dropping my Insular prejudices when I leave thoe deck of the Channel steamer. In England I may believe an Englishman to be theo' greatest of eatlhly beings, but on the continent'I don't find that' he is very superior. to other people. r Be' the cause what it may, tho 'enteno cordiale was very strongly developed' on this occasion. 2 This' was the conclusion 'of.the' supper, but not of the' festivities. A couple' of hours passed by; duringwhich we returned to the village to send our young friends home with the landlord's son, and then wo induced the butcher's wife and daughter to go to a ball at: the inn on the ground... In this gymnastic exercise the ladies could join. I was curious, too, to' see' a.little female society of the same status as the gentlemen I had learnt to know. But for various reasons I 'could 'not seo my opportunitioes very well. In tlih first place, Lwas igno. rant of the. language, with the exception of a few commonplace phrases.' Secondly; the room was fearfully warm, and close,. as 'all the windows were shut-a Germati always seems to meto have a most unwholesome fear of driughts;. and certainly on' this occasion not a ghost of one could sneak up the stairs. Thirdly, the room was well filled, and conse quently,' the ' dancing-place, more " than crowded.":, It 'therefore seemed a pity. to interfere with the' enjoyment of others, oveO by so small 'a bulk as my own carcase. . I had no fear iabout'not being able to'dance, as there seemed 'to be' nothing on the pro. gramme. more intricate 'than, polkas an'd waltz with the daughter of my host' for the day, and .then gladly retired- to. the cool shade of an arbour forooffod'and tobacco. There was, howover on o' n ane on" toho 'pro. gramme that puzzled me, anid I determined to see 'what it nmeant, if I 'could hit'off the right time.' This' dancowas "called'. the ItRhoinlander.,..When, I once' moreo entered the b'alliroom daincing''tas suspended for a few minutes, iind,I therefore walk'od. across the room tos look at the'list,' and fortunately found than I was right, and that ,th'e next dance was the unkniown."' But now the first sorrow of the day vertook 'me; "Mfy friend the mayor; seeing me'solitary'a'nd gazing at :the programme,' with "eager': kindness rushed forward, and insisted on introducing me to a fair but dignified creature in green muslin'? It was no iuso my attempting to decline, because my German tongue was,too faltering and lame,' so I esubmitted to 'miss fortune, and was trotted out to dance an un knownl top.' But this was not all, nor the worst.:'When thre'i"s a small space for dancing,` according to' German custom,' the company, as fast as they find partners, stand up in a" kind' of. ,close 'procession. ';' The ,master of the ceremonie's on this occasion the! maiyor, counts off i' dozon couples,' who are soon, started by the first note of' the bandJ;and `whirl: about the' room till it is thought time for them' to' piuse," which` Is announcod by tho' clappin'i of the master's hands'" "The next ! dozen' then 'follow: in orde,' and thus confusion is avoided, clothes' are not destroyed,' the short-winded' are preserved' inveterate' dancers are curbed, and all have :a'fati chance.'. 'It will be at once seen that the.'noerer to' tho front' the speodlor Is the 'chance' of dancing,- an1 "consequently throe is a' ruishfor the foremost placo. 'Now, no' soonoer had I founid a part. ner,r than the mayor, determined not to 'do' tl?ings'by hbalyes~' led 'moe foirward to the j'ct of honour"thouglh iat least twenty couple weore'already'thereo."-Ieior ww a predc 'ment:' I' was exipoeted'to lead off in a dance I had never learnt, had never, seen; had'never hoard of. The eyes of thleo:preaent world were upon'mo. I eduld-hope,' If I httomptod the feat out 'of sheer desperation, to 'do' nothing: less than' throw the. whole '?bolumn' into' confision: ;Vainl 'did',I pro.' tesOt in i'choking guttorals my lgorand of the dance. r Not: a word I said was tmnder 'stood.' .Whonat last a little light dawned upon my.friend of my nieaning, oe put. my hesitation down to modesty, nott''fo ear.? :l looked' roiund for' help, and' saw Biideker, but when' I beckoned to him to' comnio he' merely laughed,: and 'saticruelly,'njoying the joke, which he had seeo 'from the first, Aliost entioetiig; I tWas at length put into the column'somowhere,h having 'kept theoa ainzious but'patient pleasnro-seekers waiting for me tat! least: fdve' minutet.'"'And then began the' music; and'all grloef nd 'sorrwe froll rmmit,' for 'I roecognised tlheo well. k?nown notes of ' in Yold' 'ahottlsohulo' ;In another' moment I'wasImoving'round the "oom' with'yiny attendant. oloudt of greed nauce, chastened somewhat hi 'my eonergy to ilstinuulah'myself by the solemu pauses of 'hisinelegant dance,' :which Is Lonly'one degree less stupid than the fanious:too-and.' heoolipolka. ? Once'moro I' escaped atthe Closeo of my performance; heated.,yet happy' tblltary' yet safe, to the frsh' air,d etermined bnb ?naccount'to' risk anothr 'adventur r In thatlt crowded' room."' It Wtas one' o'clock, however, bofoieo my friends woro* ready'to loyon,'Ran ixhaustod by the gymnastio exer* elses of the last ten hours, few of them re mainod awake, as I did, on the ray home. The day had fully broken when we drove lazily into Neustadt, dropped one by one from the springloss cart, bid one another a warm but sleepy farewell, and sought each his bed for the next few hours. Thus ended one of the pleasantest and most amusing days I over spent in my German life, but which filled me with regret that we in Eng= land had so little amusement that could be called as rational or general as these pleasant country village/fdes. 