I A ROMANTIC STORY. ? Never did the doctrine of chances receive such full confirmation as in the example of its in- fluence! wo li a vote record this week writes the Paris correspondent of the Court Journal, who pro goods to tell the following story, prefacing it by saying that it is so strange that it roads almost like an Eastern apologies, being just as complete in all its component parts, and bearing with it as high-toned and fine a moral : " In a little haberdashery shop, not far from the Rue St. Honore, in Paris, might be seen a young lady sitting, weary and dispirited, behind the counter waiting to attend upon English customors,wlio,uii ablotospoakFrencli,roquiredas8istancoof a native of their own country to explain their needs. The young lady, of frail and delicate appearance fair, although faded in counton.inco-was employed in translating the demands of the customer, and in carrying out the parcels. She was gradually dying with the anxiety and fatigue incident to the situation, which was evidently unsuited to the weak state of her health and the delicacy of her frame. Not long ago an English lady entered the shop to make a trifling purchase She was struck by the patient sadness of the shop woman and as sympathy begets Sympathy, the latter lot slip in the course of conversation that her birth and education belonged to a far different sphere to that in which she was now compelled to move. The lady, much interested in the revelation, invited the poor sufferer to come to her house, and listened to her narrative with the wildest degree of amazement. The near sorviucr-woinau in the haberdashery shop proved herself to be the daughter of a noble English house of the li ghost rank. Her father's name is historical, and the wealth of the family unbounded. She had married a French nobleman of equal rank and fortune, but both were young and reckless, the wife extravagant, the husband prodigal, and before many years were over the inheritance of each had been dissipated so thoroughly that nothing remained, The husband fled to London, overwhelmed with debt and difficulty, and here he resided until the failure of a political enterprise drove him to America. Here he died and the poor young wife, with her two children, crept back to France in the hope that the father's rich relations would help them out of the misery into which they had fallen. But the rich relations of the old prejudiced blood of the Middle Ages could offer no help but that of depriving her of her children on pretext of religious motives, and the French law giving them into the hands of the nearest relative, they were spirited away to a convent I Now, did you ever read a story by Mrs. Gore, published, many years ago, in her book of Hungarian Trees The whole history is here. The children fed and clothed with luxury, cared for and educated carefully ; the mother pensioned grudgingly so long as she sought not to see or hold communication with the children, and then the disobedience to the order and consequent ruthless privation of the pension and removal of the children beyond her reach 1 It was thus she had been struggling on sinking lower and lower in the abyss, until she became assistant in the small haberdashery shop where the English lady found her, the brave, noble, and valiant English heart which now crossed her path with sympathy. The London days of friendship with the husband were re- called to the Emperor. He who has never for- gotten an old comrade listened with the greatest distress to the story, and immediately requested the Empress to attend to the first wants of the poor lady and after all her troubles she is, at this moment handsomely lodged and carefully [ tended in an upper story of the Tuileries, while an investigation is proceeding to establish the right claimed by the family of detaining the children." _____^_____ 