OTHER PEOPLE'S WINDOWS.« (From the London Review.) POPE, in a passage in one of his letters quoted by Mr. Friswell on the title- page of the present woik, said, " The old project ol' a window in the bosom, to render the* soul of man visible, is what every honest fellow has a manifold reason to wish for." We are not quite so sure of it, for even your honest fellow has sometimes thoughts in his heart which he would not care to show to all the world. None of us are so perfect as to be able to dispense with that convenient power of reserve which belongs of right to all. If such a window really existed, we should find it necessary to keep the blind down and the curtains drawn not unfrequently ; which useful offices, indeed, would probably be per- formed for us by our waistcoats and under-cloth- ing ; for Momus, when he made to Jupiter that notable proposal to which Pope alludes, con- templated the continued existence of man as he then beheld him, fresh from his creation, and did not foresee the arrival of a time when E. Moses and Sons, tailors and general outfitters, would become a power in the State. The window suggestion, therefore, is impracticable, and we must rest content with those glimpses into the in- terior of men's bosoms which are afforded by the penetration and intuitive knowledge of poets, dramatists, and novel writers. Mr. Hain Fris- well has determined upon opening a good many imaginary windows in the society by which we are surrounded, and showing us what is going on within. Several years ago, while he was yet in his seilet days of authorship, he wrote a book called " Houses with their Fronts Off;" and in the werk now before us he returns to the same idea. To remove the outside screen, and reveal the inner life-not in the metaphysical German sense of Jhat phrase, but in the matter- of-fact « Oilier People's Windows By J. Hain FrUwell, Author of "A Splendid l'ortutio," "A Daughter of Ero," &c.; Twovols, london : Suinpion, Loir, and Co, English sense-is a favourite plan with Mr. Eriswell, who seems to have derived the notion from the well known trick of Asmodeus in " The Dei ii on Two Sticks." Such a method of procedure gives plenty of opportunity for quick observation and effective writing, and Mr. Friswell is not deficient in either. -He has here introduced the reader to a good many " windows," and has proved that, though a "book man," he is also well acquainted with life as it breathes and pulses round us. The scheme of his work is simple, yet it is such as to secure plenty of variety. " Other People's Windows" is in fact a collec- tion of tales and sketches, each capable of being read by itself, yet all linked together by a general purpose, and by certain characters common to the whole, who give a species of unity to the component parts. Felix Straight ways, a young married man, amuses himself, during the dull days of his wife's confinement with her first child, by improving his acquain- tance with his friend George Carew, a great author and writer for the press. Carew intro- duces him to several other persons of the semi Bohemian world-artists, dramatists, actors, photographers, and so on--together with some of more recognised callings ; and thus'we are enabled to look through a great number of " windows " inlo as many odd sections of life. Finally, all the chief characters are brought together at a social gather- ing, where a good many stories are related, after the fashion so often sanctioned by Mr. Dickens in his Christmas Numbers. Although this mode of tying together several detached narratives can plead very high autho- rity-the practice even going back to antiquity, and having in more recent times been adopted in the " Arabian Nights," and by-Boccacio in the " Decameron," not to speak of several novelists of the present day-it must be con- fessed that it is highly artificial and somewhat i clumsy. It presupposes an amount of story-tell- ing skill on the part of the numerous people such | as but few possess; and it may be added that it presupposes a degree of listen- ing power such as not many in this j world are found to evince. Mr. Friswell has not escaped the difficulty inherent in his system. We are forced every now and then to ask our- selves whether such stories ever were or could be told in any mortal company, and by what miracle it happened that so many clever fellows and expert narrators of novelettes were seated I together at one table. This consideration, how- ever, by no means detracts from the amusement which the reader derives from the work as it proceeds. Amusing it undoubtedly is, and that is avowedly the author's cliief object ; but it is also something more. It abounds in shrewd observations on men and things, and contains many trenchant sallies on the mockeries and insincerities of society. George Carew talks a little too much like the set author at times ; but he is always an honest and clever fellow, and he hits the nail on the head on more than one occasion, when he is in the humour to be pungently critical. We must quote li conversa- tion between him and his friend Scumble, the artist, assisted by another interlocutor, on the illuslrated literature of the day : " ' No wonder we have grown sick of kings. How much of the obloquy and the hatred that they have reaped, is owing to the perpetual illustrations of Prince A.'s hat, Prince B.'s coat, and Prince D.'s feathers, and the stupid servilily nnd slavish sycophancy which lias made all the honest people in the nation sick even unto death, of these gilded'shams! Has the Queen much to thank those artists for who have so faithfully illus- trated her progresses, and even the persons of her faithful servants and attendants, whose offices and doings her Majesty has sotouchingly illustrated in her own royal book ? Why, if the stupid hewers of wood and drawers of water h id so illustrated the life of Aristides the Just, he would have been ostracised some years before that event really happened.' " Scumble tried to turn the torrent. ' You should remember, George,' said he, ' that fashion is fashion ; that fashionable people are very empty-headed, and that when the illumin- ated paper-which I grant is stupidly written, and utterly inane-was first established, the people were in love with their young Queen, whose progresses they watched with interest.' " ' I wish the triumphal arches had not been all so very like each other,' ejaculated Stanton ; ' there was not much scope for originality in these things, but there was a terrible sameness, as in the battle of Waterloo ; but every little village of Pedlington required its illustration, and the matter, begun in a cockney village stylo, has been no better. As for being a help to art, it has been a help downwards. Words- worth was right when he denounced in a vigor- ous sound the follies of picture papers,' " ' 1 confess,' said Scumble, ' that literature is made subservient to art, and to very ques- tionable art too.' '"And whenever that is the case,' said Stanton, ' it seems to me that both suffer. Cosar and Pompey berry much alike -'specially Pompey. Pompey beiug in this case Literature. Look at our Christmas books, from which the artists draw all the profits. Speak faithfully, Scumble. Can things be much worse ? Are they not to be ejected, thrown from us ? The newspapers, of course, in a fit of Christmas good-humour, give each and all a modicum of praise. It is very good-natured of them, HO doubt, but highly immeral. Regard for a moment, my dear friends, your Christmas books of last year. Who now cares a whit for the hideously tall and gaunt female creatures ? they are not women that are in those dismal black and white woodcuts. Are there any creations of beauty in them ? Are they not very much like ugly pho- tographs, spoilt in the copying? Will our sons, who will have their own ideas on art, care anything for them ? Our fathers, indeed, produced " Books of Beauty," admirably engraved by Heath, Armstrong, or Charles Warran, and we pretend to laugh at the fashionable art of Chalón. Well, I give Chalón, R. A., up ; I, for one, will not defend him, but I am ready to die in the belief that the artists I speak of will never make half so respectable an appearance as he, after the hot season of fashion has passed over, with all the conceit and self-assertion which now so admirably distinguish them. I must say, how- ever, that the poor devils owe it to their inju- dicious admirers." The common quotation whence proceeding and where born I don't know, not from Canning's friend-of " Save me from my friends," would most certainly sound well in the mouths of the vast majority of the spoilt and petted artists of the day.' " ' Poor things, poor things,' said Scumble, in a burlesque humour. 'Of course they are much to be pitied ; however, they make plenty ofmoney.' . " ' There you go,' retorted Carew, pursuing his tirade; 'plerity of mon°y. Yes, I know that a media?vil artist, or a very inefficient bar- rister, or a lucky clergyman, who pleases a patron, will make five times the money of a first rate author ; especially if that author be not a man of business. But all art suffers from money, as every man about to run a race would suffer from rich feeding, or from too much eating. Gracious heaven.! the whole island seems to he given up to making money.' " What Carew here says about the pictures of royal progresses in the illustrated papers is true enough ; there is a monotonous syco- phancy about them which is beyond patience. Yet we are inclined to think that the illustrated paper generally does good by increasing men's" knowledge of the world they live in, and enlarg- ing their ideas by opening to them fresh scenes of interest. With the remarks on modern book illustrations, however, we heartily agree. We need not particularise all the tales con- tained in these volumes ; yet we may mention that among them will be found two capital ghost-stories-"The Second-class Window" and " The Haunted Window." 