1.AW IMJUKTS. SUPREME COURi, Victoria-square.—Office opea on business days from 10 to 3, except Saiur days, when the hours are 10 to 12. Judges—His donor Richd. Dairies Hanson, (Cliiei Justice;, His Honor Edward Castres Gwynne (Second Judge and Primary Judge in Equity), and His Honor Willi; m Alfred Wearing. Master, Wil liam Hinde: Registrar and Ctuef Clerk, C. A. Wilson: Clerk of Arraigns and Associate, L. J. Pelham. Law Terms—consist of 27 days each, and commence—First term, last Monday in February; second term, last Monday in May; third term, last Monday in August; fourth term, last Monday in October. Civil Sittings—The third Tuesday in each of the four terms. Criminal Sittings—First sitting, second Tuesday in February; second sitting, second Tuesday in May: third situm, second Tuesday in August; fourth sitting, Tues day after termination of the fourth term. SHERIFF'S OFFICE, Supreme Court, Vic toria-square.—Sheriff W. R. Boothby; Deputy Siierxffi F. R. Fesenmeyer. Sheriff's Officer, W. H. j. Paiue. Public business hours same as Supreme Court. COURT OF APPEALS.—His Excellency the Govemor-in-Chief and the Members of the Execu ive Council except the Attorney-General. Oierk, Charles Mann. VICE-ADMIRALTY COURT.—Vice-Admiral, His Excellency the Governor-in-Chief; Judge, His Honor the Chief Justice; Registrar, W. Hinde; Marshal, W. R. Boothby. INSOLVENCY COURT (Local Court Office). Office open daily from 10 to 4; Saturdays 10 to 12. The Court sits to hear examinations in insolvencies on Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday. Commissioner, Mr. Hemy Edward Downer; Official Assignee, John Cnerry; Clerk, E. S Davys; Accountant, H. A. Wood. JjOUAL COURTS.—These Courts are now esta.. tished in nearly every district of the colony. On the criminal side they have full power to try cases of petty larceny and assault, and indict punish ment not exceeding six months* i mprisonment or a fine of £20. On the civil side they can adjudi cate in all personal actions involving amounts up to £100, and in actions of ejectment where the land is under the Real Property Act and doeB not exceed £100 in value. At present a Special and two other Magistrates, or a Special Magistrate and a Jury of four, constitute a Court of Full Jurisdiction, and one Special Magistrate a Court of Limited Juris diction. The latter does not adjudicate on amounts above £20. Adelaide.—Civil: Full jurisdiction, first and third Wednesday in every month at 10 a.m. By the agreement of the parties claims to the ex tent of any amount without limitation may be heard. Limited Jurisdiction every Wednesday, except the first and third in each month, for the trial of cases not exceeding £20. Mr. Henry Edward Downer sits as Special Magistrate. Chief Olerk, John Variey. Assistant Clerk and Receiver of Fines and Fees, J. Mann. Bailiffi G. Birrel', Assistant Bailiffs, John Hughson, Levi Bigwood, and Samuel Humble. The office is open to snr public every day from 10 to 2; Saturdays, 10 to 12. Suitors' money is payable out of Court any day when the Court is not Bitting. The rules require plaintiffs to ffle particulars of demand in duplicate, and where there are two or more de fendants an additional copy for each is required, and defendants must file duplicate particulars of defence on entering the appearance. Criminal: Full jurisdiction—Mr. S. Beddome, as Special Magistrate (assisted by two Justices), presides. C erk, Eu W. Price. Receiver of Fines and Fees, J. Mann. This office (which is also the office of the Police Magistrate) is open from 10 to .4; Saturdays, 10 to 12. Angaston.—Full jurisdiction, third Thursdayin every month. Limited jurisdiction, third Thurs day in every month. Stipendiary Magistrate, J. S. Browne; Clerk, J, C. Ponsonby; Bailiff, W. A. Catier. Aobdhs.—Full jurisdiction, Saturday after the first Thursday in each month. Limited jurisdic tion, third Thursday in each month. Stipendiary Magistrate, M. MacDermott; Clerk, J. K. Gaflimore; Bailiff, Carl Frolich. Cr.A im—Full jurisdiction, first Thursday in th. Limited jurisdiction, third "" every month. Limited jurisdiction, third Wednes day in every month. Stipendiary Magistrate, M. MacDermott; Clerk, T. W. Powell; Bailiff Thomas Ownsworth. Gawleb Town. — Full jurisdiction, second Limited jurisdiction. Thursday in .every month. Limited jurisdiction, every Tuesday. Stipendiary Magistrate, B. J. Turner: Clerk, F. Wilkinson ; Bailiff William Loveridge. Goolwa.—Full and limited jurisdiction, second Wednesday every month. Stipendiary Magistrate, B. F. Laurie; Clerk, fL C. Scarfe; Bailiff J. Stewart. Gumkbacha—Full and limited jurisdiction, first Thursday in every month. Stipendiary Magis trate, R. J. Turner; Clerk, E. W. Hamilton: Bailitf, Edward Uiegg. Kapcnda.—Full jurisdiction, fourth Thursday in every month, limited jurisdiction, first, se cond, and third Monday in every month. Stipen diary Magistrate, J. S. Browne; Clerk, W. O'Hara; Bailiff John Bowett. Xadina.—Full jurisdiction, first Wednesday in every month. Limited jurisdiction, every Wed Stipendiary Magistrate, John nesday. Stipendiary Magistrate, John Banks Shepherdkon; .Clerk, W. G. McCullagh; Bailiff C. Lang. Moosta^-FuU jurisdiction, first Friday in every month. Limited jurisdiction, third Friday in every month, stipendiary Magistrate, Jonn Banks Shepherdson; Clerk, U. I). Bennett; Bailiff G. Crutchett. Mo "it? RETT Yale.—Full and limited jurisdiction^ fourth Weonesday in every month. Stipendiary Magistrate, Edward John Peake; Clerk, A Brodie, Ion.; Bailiff W. A'Oourt. Mount Babkeb.—Full jurisdiction, first Wed! nesday in every month. Limited jurisdiction,' every Wednesday except first in each month Stipendiary Magistrate, G. F. Dash wood; derid Frederick Goddard; Bailiff John Paltridge. ! * » Mount Gambiek.—Full and limited j urisdicti last Tuesday in every month. Stipendii Magistrate. J. C Lyon; Clerk, William Hei Harrold; Bailiff Henry Powell. Mount Rehabkable.—Full jurisdiction, fieri Wednesday in every month. Limited j urisdiction: third Wednesday in every month. Stipendiary Magistrate, Stephen King; Clerk, A F. Andrews; Bailiff, W. Peat. | Jnakbacookte.—Full and limited jurisdiction,! third Tuesday in every month. Stipendiary Magis trate, George Byng Scott; Clerk Henry Janug Horsfall; Bailiff W. A. G. Felgate. :] UoBMANvmjts—j) uii ana limitea jurisdiction,] fourth Wednesday in every month. Stipendiary* Magistrate, B. F. Laurie; Clerk, C W Scott;! Bailiff, it. Holland. '1 Penola.—Full and limited jurisdiction, first? Tuesday In every month. Stipendiary Magistrate,'! George Byng Scott; Clerk, T. H. Artaud; Bailiff, James Hester. ; Port Adelaide.—Full jurisdiction, Becond Tuesday in every month. Limited juriad ction, every Tuesday. Stipendiary Magistrate, George ■ Wright Uawkes; Clerk J. M. Skipper; Bailiff; W. Uunn. Pobt Augusta. —Full and limited jurisdiction, last Friday in every mouth, stipendiary Magis trate, M. Stephen King; Clerk, H. Mildred' Bailiff. J. Weliby. Pobt Elliot.—Full and limited jurisdiction, first Wednesday in every month. Stipendiary. Magistrate, B. F. Laurie; Cleii, IL O. scarfe; Bailiff, J. Stewart, \ Pobt Lincoln.—Full and limited jurisdiction, first Wednesday in every mouth. Stipendiary! Magistrate, flenrv Jas.Smith;Clerk, W. Ridpathl Bailiff, ltiehard Sullivan. Port MacDonnel,l.—Full aud limited jurist diction, first Thursday in every month. Stipeu-j diary Magistrate, J. C. Lyon; Clerk, G, Skipper;! Bailiff, W. Long. ■ 4 i Port Wallaroo.—Full Jurisdiction. fir3t Mon day in every month. Limited jurisdiction, every! Monday, stipendiary Magistrate. J. B. Shep-1 herd son; Clerk, W. H. Harris; Bailiff, J. Lang. ' KedRDTB.—Full jurisdiction, last Thursday, ha, every month. Limited jurisdiction, every Wed»; nesaay. Stipendiary Magistrate, M. MacDennotti Clerk, A. H. Forder; Bailiff T. Box. * Riverton.—Full and limited jurisdiction, Wednesday in every month. Stipendiary M . trate, J. S. Browne; Clerk, John Guruer; Baii J. Campt. Robe Town.—Full and limited jurisdiction; first Thursday in every month. Stipendiary, Magistrate, Erasmus Gower; Clerk, J. G. O'Keefe; Bailiff J. H. Newton. SAIdSJjyRY.—Full and limited jurisdiction, third Thursday in every month.. Stipendiary Magisr J. -J. O'Sullivan; trate, B. J. Turner; Clerk, Bailiff Charles Joseph O'Sullivan. Stbathalbtn.—Full jurisdiction, second Tues day in every month. Limited jurisdiction, fourth Tuesday in every month. Stipendiary Mask-; trate, G. F. Dash wood; Clerk, E. Wadiuy; Bailiff S. Paitridsre. Tanunda.—Full and limited jurisdiction, second Thursday in every month. Stipendiary Magis-: trate, J. S. Browne; Clerk, S. A. T. von Bertouch; Bailiff W. Schultz. Teatree Gully.—Full and limited jurisdiction,! first Wednesday in every month. Stipendiary Magis rate, B. J. Turner: Clerk, 8 Farmer Bailiff E. Clegg. Court held at the Council Chamber. - WlLLUNGA.—Full and limited jurisdiction, third Wednesday in every month. Stipendiary Magis trate, EL J, Peake; Clerk, W. Sliaw; Bailiff W. Clic- seman. Woocsedb. —Full jurisdiction, fourth Thursday in every month. Limited jurisdiction, second Thursday In every month. Stipendiary Magis. ^k°T.HitSSlTd' °tok' *• *• r,a* Thb Deshrt of Sahara.—1 be disco veries of recent African explorers have dispelled many of the popular notions coBetsning the great deEert of rianara. It used to be described as a nealy level sandy plain. This plain, it is now ascertained, does not erist, except on i'.a eastern and western extremities. Ihe central portions rise in the form of terraces, to 91) . or J.20U feet above the valleys of the Atlas and Soudan. They are interspersed with ravines and granite hills. Bartii speaks of mountains 4,0 0 or 5,001) feet high. In general, < owever, the surface of the desert is flat, or slightly undulating; in some places covered with a thick bed of sand, in others hard and fliuty. Every aspect confirms the opinion of Humboldt, that the desert is the bed oi a former sea, elevated by a geological convulsion. The traveller, at almost ev^ry step, meets with mounds of fossil shells and other debris of marine animals. There are also immense deposits of ruck salt, in some places as pure as marble, and s» compact as to serve in the construction of houses. Soudan derives salt from this source. The effervescence of nitre and saltpetre is almost everywhere apparent. Li _ns, tigers, and otner ferocious animals, with which the desert has in imagination been peopled, are met with only in the forest of the oases, where alone they can fiud food and water. The lion is king of the desert only in poetry. Man is the true wiid animal with whom the traveller dreads an encounter, and bandits in:est every caravan route in the Sahara. The Sahara is always destitute of water. In passing between the tropics, trie sun carries with heavy-laden nimbus cl uds, which, not meeting with any mountains high enough to con dense their moisture and cause it to fall at intervals, descend occasionally by their own gravity, and drop their watery treasures in gushing torrents which fill every ravine. It is a deluge which lasts but tor a moment; the water disappears in the permeable soil as fast as it comes, and forms extensive sheets of wat-rashort distance below the surface. This fact has been revealed by numerous soundings. Already excellent Artesian wells, sunt by French engineers, have created verdant oases in places where every vestige of vegetation appeared to be entirely buried beneath the sand. From time immemorial the Arabs have sank in the open desert wells several hundred feet deep till tney meet the watery bed, which they called the subter ranean sea.—American Paper. Early Struggles of Medical Men.— Dr. John Cheyne, who, a quarter o£ a century ago, waa by tar the busiest and best employed physician in Dublin, tells us, in his interesting autobiography that during the first half of his second year's settle ment in the Irish capital, and when he had already reached the thirty-fourth year of his age. his fees only amounted to about three guineas. Nine years subsequently he was making .£5,000 annually. Not above one or two physicians in Londun ever drew, I believe, a larger professional income, or perhaps ever advanced more ear y into full practice, than Dr. Chambers: yet, during the fifth year of his practice, when he was already thirty-four or thirty-five years of age, he did not receive above £211 in fees. Seventeen years subsequently his annual professional income is stated to have reached nearly to £9,UK). His great predecessor in high London practice. Dr. Alatthew Baillie, drew above £11,05) in one year; and yet, with all the interest of the Hunters and others to aid him in his outset, his first march upwards was like that of all others, very s£pw and difficult, and to quote the words of his biographer, Dr. Wardrop, before "he found himself tairly established in practice,''' he had been already for twelve years physician to St. George's Hospital, and for neatly twenty years a medical lecturer. Dr. Sail lie's uncle, the celebrated Dr. William Hunter, who spent a large fortune, gained by his profession alone, upon the collection of that splendid museum which now enrichcB the Univer sity of Glasgow, was so hard pressed for money during the years of his earlier stuggles in London practice, that he was obliged to postpone for a fort night the commencement of his third season of lectures in consequence of not having money enough to pay the expense of the usual class adver tisements. Nor have our greatest surgeons been usually more successful than these our greatest physicians iu the first stages of tbeir professional career. In 1788 the son of an Englisb clergyman attended the medical classes of Edinburgh Uni versity, aud lived on the third flat in Bristol-street, in a room which cost him six shillings and s xpence a week. In after life, when swaying the surgical sceptre of England, as Sir Astiey Cooper, his professional income, in one siugle year, amounted to £23,9u0; and yet, during the first twelve months after he settled down in London, and was working as a lecturer on anatomy and surgery, his receipts from private practice only amounted to five guineas. The distinguished surgeon who, by Sir Astley's death, was left at the head of the surgical school of London, Sir Benjamin Brodie, did not, as we are told in a late biographical sketch of him, get into "full practice*' till 18£>: yet he had been lecturing, practising, and publishing since 1805, or for twenty long yeais pieviously.—Leisure Hour. BrLlliancy of the Arctic Summbk.— The sun reaching its greatest northern declination on the 21st, we were now in the full blaze of sum mer. S:x eventful months had passed over since the Arctic midnight Bhrouded us in gloom, and now we had reached the Arctic midday. And this midday was a day of wonderful brightness. The temperature had gone up. higher than at any pre vious time, marking at meridian 19 degrees, while in the sun the thermometer showed 57 degrees. A more calm and lovely air never softened an Arctic landscape. Tempted, by the day, I strolled down into the valley south of the harbour. The recent snow had mostly disappeared, and valley and hill- j side were speckled with a rich carpet of green, with only here and there a patch of the winter snow yet undissolved—an emerald carpet, fringed and inlaid with silver, and sprinkled over with frag ments of a bouquet —for many flowers were now in full bloom, and their tiny faces peeped above the sod. A herd of reindeer were browsing on the plain beneath jme, and some white rabbits had come from their hiding- places to feed upon the bursting willow-buds. IS ew objects of interest led me from spot to spot—babbling brooks and rocky hillside, and |iittle glaciers and softening snow banks, alternating with patches of tender green. .A marvellous change had come over the face of Nature since the shadow of the night had passed away. Recalling the gloom and silence of the Arctic night - the death like quiet which reigned in the endless darkness—the absence of every living thing thatcould relieve the solitude of its terrors—it was not possible to see, without surprise, the same landscape covered with an endless blaze of light, the sea and earth teeming with life, the desert places sparkling with green, and brightening with flowers —the mind finding everywhere some new scene of pleasure where before there was but gloom. The change of the Arctic winter to the Arctic summer is, indeed the change from death to life; and the voice which speaks to the sun and the winds, and brings back the joyous day, is that same vcic, which said—"She is not dead, but sleepethf'ifi and the pulseless-heart was made to throb again, and the bloom return to thepaUid cheek. —Open* 7'otnr Sea, by Dr.Hays. Buddhism, and its Legends.—The Buddhist views of the universe indicate their origin iu a pre-scieniific period, when mystical imagina tions took the place ofr accurate observation. Boundless systems of worlds. Sakwalas, scattered through space in groups of twoB and threes,''can all be seen by Buddha, who can tell what iB^trafisact ing in anyone if he wills to know it. "In the centre of each system is a mountain called Siu6ru, or Maha Meru. It is 1,680,(100 miles from its base to its summit, half of which mess is below and half above the surface of tbe ocean. On each side it is of a diflerent colour, being like silver towards the east, and like a sapphire towards the south... It isBupported on the three- peaked Irikuta rock, like a vessel upon a tripod." It is also said to be firmly clasped by them as by a jjair or pincers. 'The three rocks rest upon a world of stone. On the summit of Maha Meru is the heaven of Sekra; in the body of the earth are eight places of suffering. Between Meru and the Sakwaia ridge are seven circles of ro.ke, with seven seas between them, and the waters of the seas do not evaporate, and no rain fails in them. The first world is 2,400,000 miles thick. At its base is a stone world, imper vious totwater, 1,200,000 miles thick, r.nd above it is tbe world of the earth, which has the same thickness, and below it is the world of water, 4,89 ",000 miles thick, and below that the world of wind, 9,000,050. Each Sakwaia has a sun and moon. The sun is 500 miles in height, length, and breadth, and its circumference is 1,500,000 miles. The moon is 490 miles in height, length, and breadth, and its circumference L,,70 miles, &c.; Buddhist astronomy, physical geography, and natu ral history proceed in this absurd style, ottering an easy victory to real science wherever members of the Buddhist faith can be induced to study it, and to appiy its teachings fairly and honestly to the correction of this preposterous legend. Eclipses are occasioned by a monster nearly 50.000 miles high, who sometimes hides the sun and moon in his mouth, and sometimes covers them with his hand. It is supposed that Buddha has passed, and will pass, through endless forms of existence, for the benevolent purpose of teaching sentient beings tbe way to permanent peace-the nirwana which we have described; but, as might be expected, the recorded sayings of Buddha are not consistent with the pretensions of such enormous and varied experiences. 1 he Buddhist method of arriving at tiuth is one which necessarily passes out of public favour as scientific and industrial civilization ensue. Solitary meditation in lonely places, carried to a certain point, is expected to bring comfort to tbe devotee; but he still.rctains reasoning and investi gation. which a continuance of the ascetic process takes away and replaces by a condition of pleasure able intuition. A third process of solitary medita tion, if successful, removes joy, gladness, and sorrow, and diffuses through tbe whole system a perfect tranquillity; and after a fourth process of the same kind, all reasoning, and all attachment to sensuous objects being removed, purity and en- { lighlenment of mind engross the Buddhist saint, like a garment that covers him from head to foot. That those who can sustain the physical discom forts of this route to "perfection," arrive at the most complete and egotistic self-satisfaction, is evidenced not only by Buddhist devotees, but by the ascetic my&ties; of all ages aud of all creeds; but whatever may be the precise dogmas of the super stition that sanctions such practices, they usually lead to t e same result, the degradation of the individual, and his withdrawal from the perform ance of all the duties aud obligations imposed upon man as a social being. The ideal of perfection held up before a community that accepts any of tbe varieties of such a faith is of the most mischie vous kind. It renounces duty as well as enjoyment; and looks to annihilation or inactivity as its ulti mate rcwai dIntellectual Observer. The credit system has been carried to a pretty fine point in some of the rural districts, if j we may judge from the following dialogue; said to have recently occurred between a customer and the proprietor—" How's trade, squint" " Wall, cash Bane's kinder dull naow, major." "Dun anything terdayf* "Wall, only a little—on credit. Aunt Betsy Pnshald has bort an egg's worth of tea and got trusted for it till her speckled pullet lays." I Bow much does a fool weigh generally? I —A antpfe-foa. Okigix op somh Familiar Sayixos.—» " Make a virtue of necessity." Shakespeare's T*» Gentlemen of Verona. All u not gold that glitters,'' Merchant of Vence. "Screw your courage to the sticking-place" (not point), Mac beth. "Make assurance doubly sure," Ibid. "H.ng out your bauners upon the outward walls,' Ibid. "Keep the word of promise to our (not the) ear, but ureak it to our hope," Ibid. " it's au ill wind turns no good," usuaiy quoted, "It's an ill wind blows uo one any good," Thomas Tasser. " Christmas come but o. ce a year," Ibid. " Look before you leap," Ibid; and "Look before you ere you leap," Hudibras, commonly quoted, "Look before you leap." "Out ff mind as soon as out of sight," usually quoted, " Out of sight, oat of mind,"' Lord Brooke. "Though this maybe play to you' tis death to me." Roger ('Estrange, 1701\. "All cry and no wool" (not little wool/, Hudibras. "Count their cb'ckeus ere {not be/ore) they are hatched," Ibid. "Through, thick ana thin," Oryden. " When Greeks join Greeks, then was the tug of war," usually quoted, "When Greek meets Greek, then comes the tug of war," Nathaniel Lee, IU9& "Of two evils I have chosen the least," Prior. "Richard shim self again," Colley Gibber. "A good hatter," Johnson. " Ask me no questions anil I'll tell yon no tihV Goldsmith "Not much the wor.-e for wear" (not none the worse), Oowper. " What will Mrs. Grundy say!" Thomas Morton. "No pent up Utica contracts our power," Jouathou .-ewelL " Wise and masteily inactivity," Mackintosh, in 1791, though generally attributed to John Ran dolph. "First in war, first in peace, and first in the hearts of his fellow citizens" (not countrymen), resolutions presented to the House of Repi esenta tives, December, 1790, prepared by General Henry Lee. " Millions for defence, but not one cent for tribute." Charles C. Pinckey. "The Almighty dollar." Washington Irviug. " As good as a play," King Charles, when in Parlia ment attending the discussion of Lord Russell's Divorce Bill. "-elling a bargain" is in Love's Labour Lost. "Fast aud loose," Ibid. "Pump ing a man," Ocway's Veuice Preserved. " Go snacks," Pope's Prologue to Satires. "In the wrong bos," Fox's Martyrs. " To lam," in (he sense of to beat, "King and no King," by Beau mont and Fletcher. " ft little bird told me," comes from Ecclesiaste3 x. 20—"For a bird of the air shall carry the voice, and that which hatk wings shall tell the matter." "He that fights and runs away May live to fight another day." These lines, generally attributed to Hudibras, are really much older. They are to be found in a book published in 165!), The same idea is, how ever, expressed in a couplet published in 154% wliite one of the few fragments of Meuander, the Greek writer, that have been preserved, embodies the same idea in a single line. The couplet in Hudibras is— "For those that fly may fight again. Which he can never do that's slain." "Hell is paved with good intentions," though found in Johnson and Herbert, was obviously in that day a proverbial expression. Walter Scott ascribed it to some " stern old divine." " There is a good time coming,'' is an expression used by Sir Walter Scott in "Bob Boy," and has doubt less for a long time been a familiar saying in Scotland. A SKETCH OF PRINCE ALBERT BY THB Queen.—From the moment of his establishment in the English palace as the husband of the Queen, his first object was to maintain, and, if possible, even raise the character of the Court. With this view he knew that it was not enough that his ova conduct should be in truth free from reproach; no shadow of a shade of suspicion should, by possi bility, attach to it. He knew that, in his position, every action would be scanned—not always pos sibly in a friendly spirit; that his goings out and his comings in would be watched: and that in every society, however little disposed to be censo rious, there would always be. found some prone, where an opening afforded, to exaggerate and even to invent stories against him, ana to put an uncharitable construction on the most innocent. He therefore from the first laid down strict, not to Bay severe, rules for his own guidance. He im posed a degree of restraint and self-denial upon his own movemenis which could not but have been irksome had be not been sustained by a sense of the advantage which the Throne would derive from it. He denied himself the pleasure— which to one so fond as he was of personally watching and inspecting every improvement that was in progress would have been very great-of walking at will about the town. Wherever he went, whether in a carriage or on horsebact he was accompanied by his equeriy. He paid no visits in general society. His visits were to the studio of the artist, to museums of art and science, to institutions for good and benevolent purposes. Wherever a visit from him, or his presence, could tend to advance the real good of the people, then his horses might be seen waitiug; never at tb« door of mere fashion. Bcmdal itseif could take no liberty with his name. He loved to ride through all the districts of Loudon where building and im provements were in progress, more especially when they were such as would conduce to the health or recreation of the working classes; and few, if any. knew so well, or took such iuterest as he did, in all that was being done, at any distance east, weed, north, or south of the great city—from Victoria Pack to fiattersea, from the Kegent's Park to the Crystal Palace, and far beyond. "He would fre quently return," the Queen s^ys, "to iuncheonata great pace, and would always come through the Queen's dressing-room, where she generally was at tnat time, with that bright loving smile with, which he ever greeted her, telling her where he had been, what new buildingB he had seen, what studios, &c.;, he had visited. Hiding for mere ridiDg's sake he disliked, and said, * Es ennuyirt mich so'" ("It bores me so"). There were some, undoubtedly, who would gladly have seen him conduct the reverse of ail this, with whom he would have been more popular had he shared habitually and indiscriminately in the gaieties of the fashionable world—bad he been a regular attendant at the racecourse—had he, iu short, imitated the free lives and even, it must be said, the vices of former generations of the royal family. But the country generally knew how to estimate and admire the beauty of domestic life, beyond reproach, or the possibility of reproach, of which the Queen and he set so noble an example. It is this which has been the glory and the strengih of the Throne in our day, and which has won for the English Court the lore and veneration of the British people and the respect of the world.—Her Majesty's Life of the Prince Consort. Crowded Thoroughfares.—Beside the entrances into and the exits from the city, the circulation within the city itseif is sometime* immense. The reader of course knows that won derful spot which all the omnibus men in London call " Bank," but which is the open space whence branch out the Poultry, Princes- street, Thread needle-street, Cornhih, Lombard-street, King William-street, and Walbrook. Well, this open mace, every day between 8 o'clock and fi is crossed by 60,000 persons on foot; 60,000 risk their necks by crossing over between and among the vehicles. Lucky it is that Mis. Gamp is not often here; poor soul, she would soon be run "over; » would Mrs. Grundy, hire. Partington, and other famous old women. It is a place for men, and m-n nearly monopolize it. Then there are more than 40,000 who cross on foot, within the same number of hours, the spot surrounding King Wil liam's statue, marked by the juncture of King William-street, Gracechurch-street, and Cannon Street; nearly 40,000 at the junction oi i udgate hill, Fleet-street, Farringdon- street, and blew Bridge-street; and nearly 30,000 at this junction of Uornhill, Leadenhall. fiishopsgate, acH Grace churcll streets.—Ciiambers's Journal. Health and Disease.—Health is that condition of the body iu whic^i all the functions of life are performed harinouiouily with case and with a feeling of well-being. Each organ acts unconsciously; the whole bodily energies seem to play lheir part together, and the union issocom plete that we neither feel nor care to enquire how the machine works; we are only Sensible that its movement; are simultaneous. Every deviation from this state denotes, in strict language, if not the actual presence, at least the approaeli, of disease. Thus, when the food, instead of being digested without consciousness of the process, causes uneasiness or pain; when the appetite is lost, and the sight of food, instead of exeitiug the des'.re to eat, induces loathing, or nausea, or vomit ing, we may conclude that disease exists, unless we can trace these circumstances to transient causes, on the di.-couiinuance of which they also disappear. When the ordinary baddy exertions cannot be carried on without weariness, languor, or fainting; when the circulation is hurried, the skin is hot and dry, or sweating is excited cn the slightest exercise; wheu the breathing is embar rassed; when the head ache?, or there is a sensation of dizziness, the usual sensibility being either considerably diminished or augmented, the ' volition impaired, or the mcutal faculties dis turbed, and under little or no control, then is disease present. It is not necessary, however, that nil oreten many of theBe systems should exist at the pa me time; any one of them, occurring and continuing, constitutes disease.—By a P/iysician, London. How Eidkb Dowx is Procured.— A consular report cf this year on Iceland gives an account of the way in which down is extracted from the eider duck. Early in June the bird, always repairing t • the same spot, comes to some small holme or islet in the fjord, and lays its eggs after lining its nest with the -down plucked from itBown body. As soon as the egg are laid, the owner of the hatching ground robs the nest of the down and a part of the eggs, both of which the poor bird replaces a second and a third time, when she is left in peace to complete the process of incu bation, but with her body completely denuded of down. This method is adopted because the down of the d«,d bird loses its elasticity, .and is of com paratively little value. The hen bird gives eight or nine ounces of down to a nest, bat when cleansed the weight is diminished by half. The value of the cleanse 1 down is about 13s. per lb. The annual produce in Iceland is valued at about £5,003. In some instances one small holme will give its owner an annual income of £150. Such is the care takeu of these biufs that during the hatching season no guns a*e allowed to he fired in their vicinity. Foreign vessels arriving are for bidden to fire salutes. News fob thb informed that an enterprising" Arherka lisher is about to bring out a volume of ■-lf-rrr. literature, m which the stories and rhymes pT^a1 "exploded ould country" will be adapted to An " tastps and understandings of Young America/ IK'1 illustrate this we shall venture on a vendon/Jri, I prose of Humpty Lrumpty" Humpty- Di ! sot hisself on a tall rail. Humpty Dumptyl off Ms perch—ker squash. Ana all the earn i and all the liveried menials of ane^efemoi cal system was juet a one-hoss affair as r the sottin' of that ufort'net cubs on that lastin' rail agin! Moral—The skreekin h i Freedom what roosts on the xenith, with hfaam' tied np in the starepangled banner, rather fad Mgea that monarchy » played Wi -wael" .L Chinese Commerce.—The returns of the trade of the Chinese ports open to foreign flags show that the total amount of the trade of China, carried on under foreign flags, amounted in the year I860 to the estimate value of 237,5(17,922 ' taels, equal to very nearly a third of that number of pounds sterling. This is an increase of aU6ut 28,000,000 taels over the previous year. It includes .the amount of-the whole import and export trade, and the amount of the imported ana exported treasure, Iras the amount of the re-exports. At the port of Shanghai, which is partly a depot for other ports, the import and export of treasure could not be correctly ascertained, and is not in cluded in the above amount. The total estim&ted; value of the imports, forego and natve coast trade, amounted in 1*65 to 169,850,334 taels—an in crease of 27,000.000 taels . over the preceding year. To these imports the different countries contributed as follows:—Great Britain and her possessions, 67.735,771 taels; Japan. 2,454,109 taels; United Slates, 482,593 taels; sundry countries, including the whole of the Continent, 2,620,987 taels; Chinese porta, 79,'809,253 taels; malting a total of 143,102,713 tae s, not including treasure. The exports of 1865 trere as follows:—To Great Britain and her pos sessions, 50,161,697 taels; to Japan, 207,743 taels; United States, 5,864,823 taels; sundry countries, 3,787,834 taels; to other open Chinese ports, 44,110,354 taels, makiug a total of 104,105,451 taels, in addition to treasure exported of the value of 29,052,096 taels—an increase in the grand total of nearly 12,000,000 taels over the previous . year. But the re-exports would have to be de ducted to airive at the true value of the export trade. Mr. Hart; Inspector- General of Customs, reports to the Tsung-ie- Yemen that the diminished supply of cotton, in consequence of the American troubles, has exercised a prejudicial influence on the revenues of China, but that an 'increase in the import duties may now be expected. He viewing the supervision by Commissioners from October, I860, to June, 1865, five years, minus one quarter of a year, the Inspector General of Customs finds that the import duties have amounted to about 12,OuO,uOO taels, and the export duties to about 18,000,000 taels. The xevenue of all kinds accruing to the Chinese Go vernment on foreign trade at the treaty pons has an the five years amounted to about 31,550,000 taels. The Inspector-General observes that foreign merchants come to China to trade because it pays them to do so, and that these figures show that the Chinese—merchants, people, and Govern ment—are not without .their sham in the advan tages springing from commercial intercourse. The xeveoue amounted to 2,531,763 taels in the first three quarters of a year; 6.635,917 taels in the year ending 30th June, 1562; 7,8o9,46S taels in the third year, 1862-63; 7,728.747 taels in the fourth year, 1833-64 ; 7,803,587 taels in the fifth year, 1864-65; 60 that the annual revenus is nowneaier to £3,000,000 than to £2,000,000. An tjoTEL Bill in Brazil.—Speaking «f those prodigious Portuguese pennies reminds me that it takes 1,000 reis (pronounced rays) to make a dollar, and that all financial estimates are made out in reis. We did not know this until after we had found it out, and we found it out through Blucker. Blucher said he was so happy and so grateful to be on solid land once more, that he wanted to give a fea t—said he had heard it was a cheap land, and he was bound to have a grand banquet He invited nine of us, and we ate an excellent dinner at the principal hotel. In the midst of the jollity produced by good cigars, good wine, and passable anecdotes, the landlord presented his bill. B ucher glanced at it and his countenance fell. He took another look to assure , himself that his senses had not deceived liim, and. . then read the items aloud, in a faltering voice, while the roses in his cheek turned to ashes:—" 'Tea tfinnera, at 600 reis, 6,000 reis!" Biun and deso lation I 'Twenty-five cigars, at 100 reis, 2,500 lasi1 Oh, my sainted mother! 'Eleven bottles of wine, at 1,203 reis, 13,200 reis.' Be with us all! 'Total, '21,700 reisl' Great Caesar's ghost, ■ there ain't money enough in the ship to pay that hill! Go, leave me to my misery, boys, I'm a rained community." 1 think it was the blankest-looking party I over saw. Nobody could say a word. It was as if every soul had suddenly been stricken ■dumb. Wineglasses descended slowly to the ^able, their contents untasted. Cigars dropped vnnoted hem nerveless fingers. £acn man sought his neighbour's eye, but found in it no ray of hope. bo encouragement. At last the fearful silence was broken. The shadow of a desperate resolve settled down upon Blucher's countenance like a cloud, and he rose up and said:—" landlord, this is a wretched mean swindle, and Til never, never stand it. Here's $159, Sir, and it's all you'U get—M swim in blood, Sir, before I'll pay a cent, more." Our spirits rose and the landlord's fell—at least we thought so; he was confused at any rate, notwith standing he had not understood a word that had been said. He glanced from the little pile of gold faeces to Blucher several times and then went out. He-must have visited an American, fur when he returned he brought back his bill translated into a language that a Christian could understand—thus: —10 dinners, 6,000 reis, or $6; 25 cigars, 2,509 teis, or $2 50c.; 11 bottles wine, 13,209 reis. or $13 20c.; total, 21,700 reis, or $21 70c. Happiness reigned oooe more in Blucher's dinner party. More refresh ments were ordered. :: As. Aristocratic Fast Man. — The .i Htm. William Barnsay Maule, afterwards Baron . Panmure, was in the early part of his career cele : lusted for his strange escapades. Several siories tithis eccentric doings have been preserved. Air. Maule had been making merry at an hotel in Mon tm%. At a late hour he sallied out in quest of "adventure. A street lamp happened to a trjct Attention. With a stroke of his ponderous rwmllriagstick he fractured it to atoms. "You ; A*ve broken a lamp, Mr. Maule," said one of the :Watchmen. "The price is 7s."' "Just so," a*dSponded Mr. Maule; "Caa you change a #rinea-note?" The watchman responded in the negative. "Never mind," said the young squire; "FIT just take pennyworths." So he proceeded to destroy other two of the lamps, and then handed the note to the watchman. There is a better known stury of Mr Maule connected with a similar e-capade at Perth. '-At: a late boor one evening he had proceeded from street to street of that city, extinguishing the lamps and smashing them to pieces. The Orty Corporation met next morning to deliberate jpfiyphtaining a res: oration of their property, and .finishing the offender. Just vas they had taken their scats iu the Council chamber Mr. ACahle presented himself, and respectfully ad dressing the Lord Provost, requested per mission to make a statement. "My lord, and honourable gentlemen," procecled Mr. Maule, "on walking last evening through your beauti ful city, 1 was struck with the inferior appearance of your street lamps, which was quite unworthy of so fine a city. I therefore took the liberty of destroying them, that I might enjoy the satisfaction of presenting a set of lamps of a handsome and appropriate character. This I now begleave to do." The Lord Provost conveyed to -Mr. Maule the acknowledgments of the Corpora tion,iand he retired from the Council Chamber amidst the plaudits of the assembly. The mother «f £he late Joseph Hume, M.P., was early left a .widow; a d contrived to support herself and her yoangfamily by keeping a store of earthenware at the:market-place of Montrose. At the weekly fair she spread out her wares on the street to attract customers. ()n a fair day Mr. Manie and a companion entered Montrose on horseback, and discovering Mrs. Hume's goods in the street, proceeded to gallop through them, to the entire consternation of the bystanders. f Mrs. Hume remarked that the "weel-faured honourable wad hae hiediversiou." She ha i been jpaid by Mr. Maule for her goods in double their specified value. Walking one day through a Plantation on hiB estate, Mr. Maule heard a sound like Abe hewing of wood. Proceeding in the direction of the sound, he saw a young man deliberately levelling one of his trees. " What are "ye aboot, man!" said he, in as provincial a tone as he could command. " Do ye no see what I'm aboot?"'.answered the fellow, with an air of indifference. "I see." said the stranger; "but what if Maule were to come upon you?" "Hout, man!' replied the youth, "he wadna say a word. There's not a better gentleman in a' the country. Wad ye lend me a hand?" The straager assented, and when the tree had been placed on the cart, which was waiting at some distance, the peasant proposed to reward his assistant with a dram at the alehouse. To this request the stranger would not accede, but said to the youth that if he would call next day at the castle he should have a glass out of his own private bottle. The countryman promised to call, and kept his word. He was immediately ushered into the presence of Mr. Maule and a company of gentlemen. " You will get your dram iu the hall," said Mr. Maule to the bewildered and trembling rustic; " bat when you next go to cut wood 1 would advise you first to ask Mr. Maule's permission. * ' • • In the manner of his times Mr. Maule occasionally disguised himself as a mendicant. One cold wet evening he entered the house of an old woman, and in his character of gaberlunzie sought shelter and refreshment. He received a welcome, hut had no sooner seated liimself than he began to complain of the insufficiency of the fire for so severe a night. The poor cottager said she had no more fuel in the house. "Oh, I'll soon find fuel," said the supposed vagrant. And so saying, he seized hold of the spinning-wheel, which he broke to pieces and heaped upon the fire. The poor woman was utterly appalled, and up braided the audacious wanderer for destroying her only means of earning a living. After submitting to the full torrent of her wrath, he suddenly cast aside his tattered vestments, and drawing forth a well-filled purse, placed ten guineas in her hand. " Buy plenty of fuel for the winter and a good new wheel,5' said the gentle beggar., as he hastened his departure amidst showers of benedictions.—Storie3 of the Scottish People. Newspaper Boasting.—Prentice, of the Louisville Journal, thus "takes off" some of his contemporaries, who are constantly boasting of their " immense business"'The daily circulation of our paper—to actual bondjide paying subscribers —is jost five million six hundred and twelve thou sand and fo'rty- two sheets. We have employed upon the paper five hundred compositors and one hundred and eleven editors, nine hundred carriers, three hundred and twelve mailing clerks, and other aiders too numerous to mention. _ We have taken especial charge of the falls of Ohio, and use them exclusively for " wetting down" our paper. We have eleven paper mills in constant operation, the smallest of which turns out two hundred thousand bundles of paper daily. It requires seventeen nine teen-story Hoe's presses to work off our vast edition, and we are compelled to engage all the coal that is mined in the .Lehigh valley, as well as contract for all that comes down the Ohio river, to supply our engines with fuel. Our correspondents are ail graduates of the first universities and colleges in the world, and are stationed in every city, town, and hamlet on the habitable globe. A CincmiDtian Bays: — " 'talk about filters 1 Just eat a quart of Ohio Biver water, and stand in the sun for five minutes, and you will find the aforesaid coming out at every pore, beautifully filtered, while your stomach becomes converted into a sand-bag, and you can hear the gravel rattle ■ yon walk.; Jerrold and some firaenfe were «disring in a private room in a tavern. After dianer the landlord informed the -cempsny-that the house was partly under repair, and requested that a stranger might be allowed to take a >ehop at a separate table in the apartment. The company assented, and the stranger, a person of common place appearance, was introduced, atelris chop'm silence, and then fell asleep, snoringaoioudly and mharmoniously that conversation was disturbed. Some gentlemen of the paa$y made a noise, and the stranger, starting from his sleep, shouted to Jerrrold, "1 know you, Mr. Jerrold; but you shall not make a bu>t of me'l" Then don't bring your hag's head in here," was the prompt reply. Ax Indian Coxjusob.—The old con juror now said that for his next trick he must be some what out of 'he glare of. he sun, and sheltered from any air which might be stirring. We accoid ingiy adjourned to the verandah. The conjuror spread a piece of matting, and squatied, produced from his shawl a bag, and emptied it on the stone in front of him. The contents were a quantity of little bits of wood; some forked like branches of a tree; some straight; each afew inches long; besides these there were some fifteen -or twenty little painted wooden birds, about half.an incii long, 'i he o<d man chose one of the straightest and thickest of the bits of wood, and turuiug his face up iu the air, poised it on the tip of his nose. The little boys who sat by him henceforth handed him whatever he called for. First, two or three more pieceB of wood, which he poised on the piece already there, then a forked piece, to which he gradually made additions, uuiil he had built upon bis nose tree with two branches, tie always kept its balance by adding simult .neousiy on each side, holding a piece in each hand, and never once taking his eyes off the fabric. Soon the two branches became four, the four eight, and so on until a skeleton of a tree was formed, about two feet high, ana branching off so as to overshadow Iris whole face; he could just reach with his hands to put .he topmost branches on. It was a wonderful structure, and we .11 held our breath as he added the last bits. But it was not done yet. The boys now handed Mm the little birds, and still two at a time, one in each hand, he stuck them all over the tree. The complete immobility of his head and neck while lie was balancing this structure on the tip of his nose, was something wonderful, and 1 think he must have breathed through Ms ears, for there was not the slightest perceptible motion about nose or mouth. After putting all the birds on, nepdiised, and we, thinking the trick was finished, uegan to applaud. But he held up his finger for sileuce. There was more to come. The boys put into one of his hands a 6hort hollow reed.-ana into the other some dried peas. He then put a pea into Ms mouth, and using the reed as a peashooter, took aim and shot off the branch one of the birds. The breath he g .ve was so gentle and well-calculated that it gave no perceptible movement to his-face; it just sent the pea far enough to Mt a particular bird with perfect aim and kuock it over. Hot auother thing on the tree moved. Another pea was fired in the same way, and another bird brought down, and so on until all the birds were bagged. The lire was then directed at the branches and limbs of the tree, and beginning from the topmost, the whole of this astonishing structure was demolished pieceme.l even more wonderfully than its manner of erec tion.— " Something Like a Conjuror,*' iti All the Year Round. Beats" Work.—Hard study does not of itself shorten life, but does of itself rend to increase the longevity of man. When hard students die early, it will be found that in some way they had fallen into the habit of violating some of the laws of nature, or began study with some inherited infirmity. The pursuit of truth is pleasurable; it is exhilarating; it is exalting, and promotes serenity. Of all men natural philosophers average the longest lives. The great, the governing reason is, in addition to the above, that theii attention is drawn away from the indulgence of animal appe tites; their gratifications are not in that direction, hence they are neither gourmands, drunkards, nor licentious. Sir Isaac .Newton had always to be reminded that his dinner was waiting. The call to eat is often a most unwelcome one to literary men; they consider eating a secondary matter; they literally eat to live, and the process of dining is often gone through with as a task. Many hard students have become miserable dyspeptics, and bave died while yet in their prime; but the tonnenting disease was brought on by over eating, by eatiug too fast, or by returning to their studies too soon after a hearty or hasty meal, thus drawing to the brain the nervous energy which ought-to have been expended on the stomach in aiding it to prepare the food for nourishing the system, and not neing so prepared, it "lays heavy," feels like sload, or induces other discomforts which increase in intensity and duration until life becomes a burden and a failure. The French Academy is perhaps the most learned body hi the world, and tb e ages of the younger members average from 60 to 79. Most of the clever men of France bave, in this year of 1867, reached a great age. Of the members of the French Academy, M. Yinnet is 89. M. de Segur 86, de Pungerviile 76, Lebrun 82, Villeinain 76, Lamartiue 76, Flourence 78, M. Guizot 79, andM. Thiers 69, Berryer74, the Duke de Broglie 8i This list might be indefinitely ex tended as to all nations—Lord Brougham, Huip bcldt, John Wesley, and many others. The cir cumstance most lavourable to longevity among brain-workers is the spending a consideiable por tion of early life in outdoor activities, travel, and the like, and then, by a temperate and plain mode of living, the brain w ill work advantageously until past fourscore years. —HaWs Journal of Health. Warm Clothing —In choosing a warm dress, then, get it as light as you can. Think how lightly animals, which have to endure great cold, are clothed. What is lighter then feathers and fur? A bear C3n thus teach us a lesson of civilised science, and a. goose can impart wisdon. The principle of the advice given by the wise man, "Go to the ant, thou sluggard," might weil be extended to the example of the way in which the Creator clothes the dumb animals lie has made. They are not heavily laden, unless, indeed, it is necessary to protect them wLh armour; but even then the material used is rematkableitor i:s combination of lightness with strength. The tortoise is shielded more by the rched shape of its shell than by its thickness. There are some animals which float in water which are covered heavily, but the weight of their clothes facilitates their movements in the element in which they are intended to live, inasmuch as it enables them to sink to the depth necessary for«hem to subsist in. But for warmth, weight is needless; and for equable wa mth it is a positive hindrance, since a heavy dress adds the heat of piessure to that of protection to those more Erorninent parts of the figure upon which it rests. E you want to be warm, choose a material that is notonly thick but light. And when you wish to be protected from windy as well a6 still cold, wear under or over a woollen oi furry fabric the thinnest impervious texture you can get. Then you have - n arrangement similar to that with which the animals of cold climates are provided—viz, thin skin and thick feathers or liair.—Leisure Hour. An advertisement in a New York piper promising to send a recipe to keep water in wells and cktems from freezing, a man in a neighbour ing city forwarded the amount, and received by return mail the following answer, which may prove of value.—"Take in your well and cistern on cold nights, and keep them by the fire." Singular and Mor al Instruction com binkd.—During a discussion in one of the sec tional meetings of the Social Science Congress, one of the speakers said that not long ago he came across the following curious illustrations of the manner in which moral instruction was blended with the arithmetical tables in one of theschools;— 20 pence are Is. 81—Love your father and your mother. 30 pence are 23. 61— And your sister and your brother. 40 pence are 3s. 4d.—Wash your faces, comb your hair. 60 pence are 4s. 21—Every day to school repair. 