BACK BLOCK SQUATTAGES. fFrom the Pastoral Times. \ Those of our readers who have paid any atten tion to this subject must have a tolerably clear notion of the troubles that beset the settlers on the back plains of Kiverina. It will be readily understood why this class of settlers are at such a disadvantage when compared with the squatters whose runs have good water frontages—the latter being enabled to fence in their country, divide and subdivide it, until the run itself is comprised of so many paddocks, varying from 5,000 to 10,000 acres or more. This is a great privilege indeed. First of all it does away with the expense of shepherd ing, which is now felt to be be a very wasteful way of sheep-f arming. There are some advantages, we admit, to be gained in shepherding sheep, the sheep are tamer when shepherded; they are more domesticated, and the shepherd can drive his flock of fat sheep to market with almost as much ease as he can drive them to their fold nightly. But these advantages are greatly outweighed by those to be gained by paddocking the sheep; the latter throw a better and heavier fleece; they eat up all the grass and do not tread it down, and so partially render it unfit for use, as do the! sheep driven in flocks of 2,000 or 3,0j0; they do as they like—eat, drink, and sleep when they like; they are, in fact, more in a state of nature, and do just as nature dictates to them, consequently they are healthier in every sense of the word. And then comes the difference in expense of paddocking sheep and shep herding them, which, in itseLf, will outweigh all other considerations. The Australian wool-grower, let it be borne in mind, has to compete in the English market with all the other wool-growers in the world. With France and Germany, where they have some of the finest sheep-pastures, and where for ages they have been improving their breeds of sheep, until they have the best samples in the world. Ordinary well-read men know these things as well as we do. Seme of the German sheep- breeders take as much pains with their sheep as the Arabs do with their horses. In Ger many sheep-breeding has become a science, so that it is difficult to discover ill-bred sheep in that country. The Germans , go upon the prin ciple that it costs less to keep a well-bred sheep than it does to keep one of coarse mould, and as a 1 well-bred sheep throws better wool they gain in wool and carcase. Many of the petty princes, before Bismarck committed havoc among them, devoted their best energies to breeding sheep, and the highest " Vons" in that country did not tbiuk it beneath them to sheep-farm and thereby earn an honest penny. And so in this latter respect we in Australia are following the example of the Yens of Germany—wc have scattered over the broad domain of the salt-bush country sons of the English gentry—men educated at Oxford, Cam bridge, or Eton, who do not find their classical knowledge any disqualification, provided they can keep their position in lite physical world, and do a fair amount of work of a light character; "application" being, in the bush of Australia, the best feature in the character of the young pastoral colonist. If he has industry, health, sobriety, and ordinary intelligence, he will fight his way; and if he has a small amount of capital only, and uses it well, the avocation of a back block man hath attractions and gains for such as these. If he has not these requirements, better that he never ven tured iuto the Australian bush. It is not the place for him—here he will go to the wall, for the race is not here at all times to the swift, nor ki every case the battle to the strong; yet in no part of the British Empire that we know of (and w-j have seen much of it) are intemperance, idleaess, or either , of these vices, so sure to bring down a man, until he ceases to merit even our contempt, as in the ■ Australian bush. Too many instances now pass our memory of young gentlemen who have fallen from their true position here until they have become the lowest of the low—have ultimately so levelled themselves as to find life an intolerable burden to them, and then they ended it by their own hands. Now let ns return to the many disadvantages which the back block man labours under, as com pared with some of those who compete with him in the wool- markets of England. They run about one sheep to four actes, or 25,000 sheep to every 160,000 acres. The Germans, we include North and South Germany, have all kinds of climate for sheep-farming purposes. They can grow heavy, coarse fleeces in the north, or very fine fleeces in the south—their shepherds are skilled men, and work at one quarter the wages of the Australian shepherd. The German wool-growers are greatly in advance of us in breeding, and they are not one sixteenth the distance that we are from London— the great wool market of the world. Now these are heavy o ids against the Australian wool-grower in the far interior, where he has to pay £15 per ton, or more, for the carriage of his wool to market, and an equal sum per ton for return scores. And sometimes he cannot get the carriage (which must be paid for in cash) even at this price. This often throws him over a season—his wool iB on his hands for six or seven montlis, daring which time he is at heavy expenses: if he has overdrawn at the bank or at his agents he has heavy interest to pay; in fact, like bisiphus, he has rolled the stone uphill to the very summit, and : he now finds it rolling down again—down, down it goes to the b> ttom; and in some cases the back block man is crushed by the weight of his troubles. The mortgagee takes possession, and the unfor tunate settler disappears from the scene like one of Professor Pepper's ghosts on the theatrical stage. We here see what has brought him to the ground; and we have, on a large scale, an example in the company known as the "Australian Pastoral 1 Investment Co.," at Fort Bourke. If they could have had time they might have recovered their losses from drought and from being unable to send their wool in good time 1,000 or 1,500 miles, to the seaport of Melbourne. Money lenders are iuexorable, and debentures must be paid, so the great and small squatter share alike—the company with its 200,'AO sheep, or the back block man with his 10,0011 or 15,000 sheep. Until the Australian wool-grower can reduce his expenses to a minimum, and have peace in his calling—uutil the Legislature ceases to harrass him with foolish and needless new laws—each worse than its predecessor—his avocation must necessarily be one of great toil. The back block men took up their country generally under a four teen years' lease, which the Government of the day, when the lease ceases, may renew. The Land Act gives him certain quasi privileges, which are no privileges when looked into. If he wants to divide his country into paddocks, 60 that no sheep need travel two miles daily to water (sheep ought not to be compelled to travel more than this dis tance), he must have water in each paddock, which can only be secured at great cost; in addition to this, in order to secure to himself the benefits of his made waterhole for tlie sheep, he may buy a certain quantity of the land around it at 20s. per acre, perhaps double its real value; so that the back block man is overweighted in the race, and unless relief be given to him, by empowering him to de mand a renewal of his lease at the end of the 11 years, and in other ways, the inducement to invest in reclaiming the back country is not founded on safe Eremises. If he had the right of renewal granted im he might toil on and eventually, surmount his difficulties; but uncertainty hangs over his head in this respect, as indeed it does over the head of the river-frontage squatter. The first 11 years are nearly I expired, the back block men are still in difficulties, ! and the chief of these difficulties we have pour I truyed. If he could get cheap and regular car j riaje for his wool to the poit of shipment., his ; chief burden would be removed, and nothing but j cheaply worked railways can do til's. Xhere is arid territory unwatereil now in ltiverina, equal to I keeping 30 millions of sheep, that must remain i useless until the back block squatter supplies by ] artificial means the defects of nature in regard to water supply. It is extent of country that backs up the Australian squatter against his European competitors in the wool-market. In additi n to this, in order to keep pace with the times, the I Government of New South Wales wiii have to I do something more for him than extract from him ! rent and assessment, giving him nothing in return : for it but permission to reclaim the country at his ! cost until it becomes attractive enough for the ! cupidity of men who regard the squatters' rentf d country as fair game, to be "jumped" as uncere : moniously as though he were an intruder on tlie | soii, and one wiiom he ought to get rid of at any i cost, even at the cost of national honour and good ! frith. 