?)*'&mtrt; flreftew. 'TnTO ROOTY.' '? JPity the sorrows of Sir Robert Napier! ? Alexander the Great wept because he had not ; toother world to conquer ; but Sir Robert found 'no booty' at Magdala, and he, therefore, sent ' & telegraphic despatch to Sir Stafford Northcote Which has a vein of lamentation running through it melancholy to notice. In the full flush of victory he opens his heart in bitterness to the authorities with a voice of ?mourning. 'No booty,' he says, 'has been found at Magdala.' Theodore was elain, his « * -* i i . _._J1 Jl ? Jl * J._ T_ 'I _ —7_ — __ — -1 Strongnola was Durneci aowu, ana its uuiu&eueu; .' ? . ashes were scattered to the winds ; the victory .???:.? had been cheaply purchased by the slaughter of the Abyssinians at a safe distance, thanks to ? -?? the Armstrong guns and Sneider rifles — but, alas ! there was 'no booty,' and that dreadful ;????:. fact was the heaviest in all the catalogue of ?,???? 'those present to the mind of Sir Robert Napier. He burst forth with it in the f ullaess of his soul. Impressed upon his mind, it must have been as ? . Vivid in the minds of the gallant fellows he coin ?-, -aaanded. He wishes the authorities at home to 'participate in the general agony of the heroes made by Sneider, and of his first thought a,fter : Victory he makes the great subject of ?? his despatch. There is a touch of Falstaff's humour about the whole thing. Sir [Robert know that the Parliament would vote him a congratulation in which, his soldiers would be included ; but what was it in the fa,ce of such . ft deprivation ? We can imagine the feelings of the chagrined conqueror of that demi- savage ; Emperor, whose army was provided with artil lery about as old as 'Mons Meg,' and with guns to which 'Brown Bess' was a novel inveu .' tlon. ' Who hath honour ?' said the great Sir John, hero of Shakespere's creation. ' He that died o' yesterday.' Parliamentary congratula ?:?'?.: tions, Royal commendation, the address sure to emanate from the London Corporation, the : . ' freedom' of that city in a gold snuff- box —for Sir Robert, as n Scotchman, of course ?'..:': takes the 'sneeshin' — what arc* all those? Honour instead of booty — what a lugubrious antithesis ! '?- ;. '.- So keenly does bhe Coramander-in-Chief feel ? this canny sentiment, that an effort to relieve ?,-??? the distress of the soldiers under the painful circumstances of the case was made and Sir Hobert immediately narrates the particulars : — «' Some articles, which could nob have heen Carried away except distributed throughout the Whole force were sold by auction, and purchased i-y officers at high prices, with a view to giving A ''' Small sums to the non-commissioned officers and privates of the force at- Magdala. ' The total amount will not exceed £3,000.' ' . What a splendid expedient ! How pathetic in its detail ; how suggestive of the mental suf ? fering experienced from the gallant General down to the drummer's bo3r. Shakespeare pictured One of his heroines 'like patience on a monu ment smiling at grief.' He did not live until the days of the Abyssinian expedition, or he Would never have applied the sketch to Juliet. Sir Robert .Napier, amongst his other honours, Would have borne that also, and poetry would ' have crowned his mourning with its tributary Wreath. '??? , When he suggested — for who but the guide of those soldiers in the wilderness could have con : tieived the purpose of moderating their grief — the measure of inducing the officers to give ' high prices' for ' the articles taken away, and thus raised small sums for distribution amongst the non-commissioned officers and privates,' no doubt, memories of by-gone booty oppressed his Suffering soul. There was booty to behadin India On such occasions of the display of British valor. The pearl necklaces that the Begums wore on their Zenana, the Koh-i-no&rs; that decked the erowns of Delhi and Oude, the shawls of Oash mere, the jewel-studded swords of slaughtered ? Jtajahs, must have all mingled in one vision and oppressed his gallant soul like a nightmare. Think of such a man contsmplatiug 'the tottle . of the whull' loot in Abyssinia -a 'beggarly three thousand pounds' — and then comparing his ' notes with the records of his predecessors in the path of British conquest. How he must nave Dewauea uno aays or tne utnnese war. The prospect of a pull at the good things of the Winter Palace of the Brother of the Suu must have been peculiarly sickening to the tortured hero. Theodorus had no rubies of Samarcand or iapphires from Bagdad — there was- neither pre vious filagree work in gold, silver, or ivory — there were no silks, costly as art could make them, nor vases of rare execution, as precious as a Prince's ransom, Sir Robert had 'to rise' the ' small sums' by auction, just a3 Raffles in the play used to 'rise' cash upon his bill. It Was an impersonation of victory, triumph, and glory for a British army as hollow as Professor Pepper's ghost. It was a mockery ot the gallant Warriors, which, if possible, would not be tole jrated a moment by the spirited Commander- in- Chief. The crags heard his soliloquy to his Wounded spirit, and the echoes of the wilder ness at Antalo murmured back his woe. Under those circumstances something ought to be done beside feteiug Sir Robert Napier and and feasting his seldiers. They have marched through defiles, toiled like mules over moun tains, 'ten thousand feet above the level of the Bea.' They have been wetted in heavy showers of rain, and although their rifled arms, small \, and large, killed the enemy off before these tOUld get near tnem, ague ana rueumacism could not be kept off in that mauner, and have killed and wounded more amongst them than the badly armed Abyssinian follow era of Tkeodorus. They were cheered and inspirited, we have no doubfc, in this enterprise, by the bright hope of booty, and we now know fchey got none at Magdala or anywhere else. It is one of the most painful positions in which a British army has ever stood in ancient or modern history, and with the promptness with which Sir Rolwt Napier hastened to mitigate its sor rows by an, auction, the British public ought to hasten to relieve it in its own generous way. When that disappointed army returns, the. 'poor-boxes' in the offices of the London Police magistrates ought to be thrown open to supple ment the sales at Magdala, and if the Chancellor of the Exchequer wishes to be magnanimous he can throw in 'the conscience money' he re ceives from persona who are pained for 'doing the revenue.' This would be a graceful and appreciative acknowledgment of the sufferings of Sir Robert Napier and his army, and would be ' balm of Gilead' for the spirits wounded by the want of thought exhibited by-the Abyssiniana in being ao poor that there was nothing to steal from them by the gallant British troops who so often have enjoyed things the other way. — Na- tion May 30th. 