A GHOSTLY ASSEMBLAGE, BY A 8EBTIMENTA.II SAUNTERER. \- Repeals his words, Remembers me of all bis gracious 'parts Stuffs out his vacant garments with his form. —King John. WAS on. the saunter as usual, dear PUNCH, on Saturday afternoon last, and happened to turn into St. George's Hall. The tones of a very well-known voice, whicli to hear is always A. BLISS, fell upon my ear, and sauntering up towards the platform I became plainly aware of what my olfactories had given me prophetic warning directly I entered the room—namely, a particularly greasy crowd, surrounding the platform, and intent upon the Blissful words of our aforementioned friend. Beside h : L-i stood a child of Israel, who elevated in the air, and subsequently pitched unceremoniously auiong the crowd below for their inspection, a cloak which was as familiar to me as my own somewhat sad bub highly intellectual countenance. Familiar ! I should think so, indeed. Why I had seeu it a hundred tiinaa, to speak strictly within bounds, addressing the Siguory of Venice, demanding justice against " this man, this Moor." At least I had so seen the owner of the cloak, whom I could not dissociate from the garment, and who then seemed bodily present. Thi8 same mantle, by the way, when it was thrown iuto the hands of the crowd, chanced to descend upon the shoulders of a youthful but aspiring soil of THBSPIS, which slight circumstance gave my friend of the Blissful tones aforesaid an opportunity, which he never neglects to avail himself of, for a small joke. It made the greasy crowd laugh, and therefore served the purpose of its maker, but "for my own poor part, look you," it made me melancholy to think how long—how very, very long—wo should in all probability have to wait ere any would be found worthy to wear that mantle. How they did knock and towzle "our" dear old "mutual friend" about—it least his habiliments, and I found it by this time even more difficult than at first to dissociate the man from his garments ; for On a sudden, in the midst of men and day, I seem'd to move among a world of ghosts. My energetic friend with the small hammer on the platform, who was talking fit to break his neck, the child of Israel by his side, and likewise the greasy crowd below, were evidently quite unconscious of the ghostly assemblage which swarmed behind and before them on the platform. But the assemblage was there—to my apprehension, at least. There was Sir PETER TEAZLE hobnobbing with Mr. WACKFORD SQUEERS ; Grandfather WHITEHEAD hail-fellow with Sir ANTHONY ABSOLUTE ; NAT GOSLING apparently on the most familiar terms with fat JACK FALSTAFF; TOBIAS SHORTCUT getting a few hints in practical seamanship from Captain CCJTTLE; JOEY BAGSTOCK trying conclusions with old POLONIUS. There they swarmed in a perfect crowd. I easily recognised them all, though the whole of their names would fill a coluuiu, and my heart yearned towards each individual shadow— for, alas! I knew them to be but Bbadows. The grief I experienced as I looked upon the ghostly assemblage, and singled out my favourites from amongst it, waa induced by the knowledge that I should never Bee the living realities of these shadows again. Now, gentlemen, favour me with a bid for this, the last lot of Mr. LAMBERT'S wardrobe," shouted he of the Blissful tones. The spell was broken—the ghosts vanished—and with a sigh I sauntered from the room. 