¡ To inc EDITOB OF TUB BrtLEinf. i Sin,-AB quartz-mining in tho vicinity of Rockhampton is hoing carried on on a large scale at thc present time, and ; seems likely to becomo the principal in t dustry of thc place, I think it behoves ) capitalists and owners of quartz ma ä i chincB to foster and encourage it to the j utmost extent in their power : for it is 31 an undoubted fact that no other colonial i industry will so quickly raise a district r to be a place of importance as that of successful gold-mining. Almost every one knows that coarse gold, by its great B weight, is easily saved ; but when it bc o comes of such a remarkably fine charac f ter as that at present being operated \- upon at the Hector Reef, then it is that wo require appliances of the very best and most scientific description lo enable t us to save it. I have seen a good many t quartz machines in my time, and 1 have not the slightest doubt but that the one at thc Half-way House would, if I he gold was not so very fino, give equal re- sults with tho generality of quart z crunhers-that is, provided she be not overworked ; for tho greater tho quail- j tity of quartz put through, the greater j must bo tho volume of water required ; to keep (he slainper-boxcs free ; and, of course, thc greater the bjdy of water rushing over the tables the smaller the quantity of gold « ill be sated, and more especially in the case of such fine gold as tho Hector licof contains. Tho mer- cury used for forming au amalgam with such fine gold ought to he of tho purest Itind, which cnn easily be got by simply retorting a «níTicient quantity for each operation. It is au article of commerce which is always adulterated, and, some- times, to a large extent. Mercury, if pure, may be retorted hundreds of times over, and still contain the same quantity and weight. Tho usual adulterations are lead, tin, and other mixtures, and when large quantities of these metals are present it will not naturally form an amalgam so quickly or BO easily as when in a pure state. There can be no doubt but that sodium, when of thc proper quan- tity and of the proper strength, a ided to tho mercury, forms a much better amalgam than mercury alone ; in fact, tho saving of gold after tho stone has1 been perfectly pulverised, depends entirely on the amalgamating powers of the mercury. Various causes tend to deaden the action of tho mercury ; any kind of greasy matter will effectually stop the amalgamation. Again, amalgams are very liable to granulate and disap- pear from the ¡dates of tho battery, or from the ripples, after it has once been formed. When this happens with tho ordinary methods of amalgamations, it is almost impossible to recover tho ?ninnie particle?, which are carried olf with the current of water, and are lost. Sodium recovers the mercury which has passed into this condition; the proper application of sodium will give at tho least twenty per cent moro than tho simple mercury, but if not properly understood, it is much better left alone. I might say a great deal moro on amalgamation-its uses and abuses, but as I have taken up a good deal of space already, I shall conclude far thc present with a few remarks from my own expérience as to what improvements the Hector machine requires :-Tn the first place, tho gold being so very fine, the stone must bo reduced to tlio very finest dust; to make tho stampers re- duce it to Buch a stale they must have gratings of tho finest description. In the second place, give her time to do her work and usc just Buffieiont water lo carry the crushed ore slowly over the tables ; such a quantity will bo suffi- cient to keep the boxes free ; the slower and tho moro separated the crushed particles aro carried over tho tables tho greater will be tho chanco of allowing the mercury to absorb and retain the fine particles of gold. In the third place, let them lengthen their tables and giro them less of an inclino than they have at present ; use pure Mercury or Sodium Amalgam properly manipulated ; keep their copper plates well silvered : and these improvements would, I am confident, give different re- sults to what are now being given. Or, I should advise them to get a pattern nf tho ono in use at the Sydney Mint, which 1 believe they could easily get by paying a little for the drawings, and that ono, I believe, is as near perfection cs possible afc the present day. Experi- ment after experimcntought to be tried, and a failure should only stimulate us to increased exertions until wo can say as regards Quarti Crushing Machinery, " Ne nlus ultra." Yours truly, HECTOH'S GHOST. Juno 5, 18GS. 