ROUGH NOTES OF THE WEEK. By Candid. Newly-elected members of the Assembly are already bearing their blushing honours thick upon them— taking the M.P. after kheir names as though the fifth Parliament n bouth Australia were already in ex- ' istence. But at present there is no Parlia ment, and there are no members of Parlia ment; nor will there be until the chosen sandidates have been called together and worn in. But it will not be long before this bakes place; for as soon as the writs are returned all the new members will be anxious to try their paces ; and the Ministry will not venture — for their own sakes — to trifle too long with the impatience of their coming lords and masters. Let our new-fledged members then begin to look up 'Hansard' and to study 'May; for it U in May that they will be first expected to becqine acquainted with their duties. Those new members, too, who are not accustomed to swearing should practise a few oaths daily, for this is the very first matter upon which their qualifications will bo tested as soon as the Parliament is called together. On this point, however, all infor mation can be obtained from Mr. Kingston, who was Speaker of the last Assembly, and will also be Speaker of the new Assembly. But before the elections are over there is another matter worth a little notice. Em boldened by the success of Mr. J. D. Woods's book, which has ^ lately blossomed from in visible green into a bright rose colour, and which therefore to some extent must always be red, I beg to suggest that the Govern ment should appoint me to write a history of the present general election. This could be done in poetry or prose. But for my own part I should prefer the former, for then, as the various chapters could be set to a'u-g, the Chief Secretary would admire them, and they would become popular throughout the country, so that by-and-by I should find that my lines had fallen unto me in pleasant places. Indeed, I think that such a work as this would sell very well if the names of the leading candidates were freely introduced into the verses, and if conspicuous places were also given to the various public-houses at which political meetings are generally held. However, as no description of the proposed work can be so useful as a specimen from the poem itself, I cannot do better than give the subjoined sample : — The General Scramble. Canto L From the far-off Gambier Mountain, where the grass is always green ; From the District of the Flinders, where men are seldom seen ; From the valley of the Torrens; from old Barossa's hills, There comes a rush of speeches in twenty thousand rills. Andlo! while Gumeracha Was gathering near and far, With wine, and beer, and bacca Shone bright the Morning Star. But not again shall watch and Ward be kept on her high crest, Nor gallant voters seek repose within the Travellers' Kest; For whilst the sun was Bhining bright they gathered in their Hay, And tbe people of Mount Pleasant then went on their pleasant way. But fiercer yet and louder still the din of battle grew In Bowden's jovial taprooms, where Crawford's strongest brew Gave such strength unto the Tanners' Arms, that Stransways had a fear That the fates were all against him, and ' the hides of March' were near. And see ! along the Northern line. From the Seven Hills of Clare The banners of the Speaker shine No longer hi the air; But Auburn, 'lovely village,' and bold Stockport joined the fight Turned back the tide and kept the prize for King ston and for Bright ; Whilst from the shores of Wakefield the shouts rose loud and high, Till boastful Clare was in the rear, 'and Stanley was the cry.' Then from the land of copper and the mines of precious ore There came a sound that might have grown into a mighty roar. But there 'the old man eloquent,' chief of McCulloch's clan, Declared that he would stand himseh', 'Or any other man.' And lo! when from the starry East The wise men all had fled, One swiftly came to join the feast That in the North was spread. And right gladly was he welcomed— which if any one deny 'Thrice twenty thousand underground shall know the reason why.' At all events, the vacant Beat which Boucaut found withNeales Was quite as good as Philip's place at Charley Baker's heels. Thus sweeps the battle to and fro, like waves upon the beach Thus noisy voters come and go With many a twaddling speech. And now through Norwood's pleasant vale, All in the warlike van, Behold, with wine, and beer and ale, ' The mighty men of Dan !' 'Tis they who now must end the fight ; Whilst Coglin at the Port, And Captain Hart, whose task is Light, Wind up th- noisy sport. Such is the beginning of this great work. As to the next canto (which, it muat be re membered, rhymes with Santo, and can therefore be turned to desperate uses against the Ministry), that will be published when 1 have received the Government order for 500 copies of the complete work, and when all the landlords of public-houses who want to be immortalized in this beautiful poem have duly sent in their names with subscriptions for one or more copies. N.B. — The poem will be illustrated with cuts — by a paper knife. Perhaps the author of 'The Duke of Edinburgh's Visit to South Australia' may not thank me for coupling his work with the above suggestion; but he will be pleased when he sees how the sale will be thereby increased. Besides, his book is really a valuable little record of the said visit. It j also contains two excellent photographs — ' one of the Prince himself, and the other of our late Governor, Sir Dominick Daly. Seeing, then, that it is not every one who keeps the yearly volumes of the daily press on his drawing-room table (which of course he ought to do), this narrative of the royal visit will be found useful ; for it is well written, and the spirit of Jenkins has been carefully banished from its page* To turn, however, from Woods to stones, there is said to be some difficulty felt about the way of converting the handsome building which was intended for the Local Courts into a suitable place for the higher Courts, to whose services the structure ianowto be de voted. One of the chief requisites, of course, is a large hall for Judges, Jury, counsel, witnesses, and prisoners ; and this hall must necessarily be accessible on every side. But on this point there would seem to be some difficulty, so it has been suggested— quite seriously as I understand— that as there is no accommodation for prisoners alongside the Court, they shall be kept, when awiiting their trial, in a room underneath; and that each one, when his case is called on, shall be sent up through a trap door, just as Banriuo'8 ghost used to be before Mr. Charles Keaa introduced a different arrangement. Now; undoubtedly the effect of this in the Supreme Court will be very fine. What could be more sensational, indeed, than tft see a prisoner sentenced, and then suddenly disappear into the infernal regions below? Why, with a little blue and yellow fire it would be equal to the last scene in ' Robert the DeviL' The idea has evidently been borrowed from ' Hamlet,' though m that play one must suppose from the fact that the words ' Swear r 'Swear!' are uttered underground, that it is the witnesses, and not the prisoners, who are intended to be sent up through the trap-door. However, the arrangement is capable of indefinite extension. The Judge, for instance, as the Dew ex macfi'ma, may be sent down from a trap-door above the Court, whilst the lawyers and clients, with their suits on their back, may be allowed to make terrific descents from the galleries at the sides. As to the Jury-box, I suppose that Mill be abolished altogether, and for the future will be simply a box de jure instead of de facto. From the Supreme Court to the Insolvency Court is not a great step, though it is a very unpleasant one, especially when the proceedings show sucn a bad state of things as that which was revealed on Tuesday last, when the accountant read his report 'In re Thomas Wardle, of Port Adelaide and Unley, merchant.' By the way, the word ' merchant' in most of these cases before the Insolvency Court reminds me of the use of the same term in the song which Mrs. Keeley used to sing in the character of Jack Sheppard — ' My noble father, as I've heard say, Was a famous merchant of capers gay ;' for certainly some of these merchants do manage to cut most extraordinary capers during the time they are in business. In re Wardle, for instance, the report says the stock on June 30, 1867, was valued at 1:2, 4.'J7 15s. 4d. ; the amount bought since that date is £19,214 8s. 3d.— total, £21,652 3s. 7d. Of this. £13.767 6s. 4J. has been sold at auction it a loss of £2,369 13s. 6d.; £208 13s. 3d. was sent to Melbourne, and sold at a loss of £177 17s. 9d.; £5,011 8s. lid. has been sold it insolvent's stores at Unley and the Port it a loss of £1,036 8s. 6d.; and £2,C6.ri 5s. Id. is the C03t of stock in hand, as nearly as can be ascertained, showing the total loss in realizing to be £3,5S3 19s. 9d. Thus the business of a merchant in this case seemed to be the purchasing of goods on credit and Belling them at a reduced price for the sake of a little ready money. The rejM-rt, indeed, says plainly enough that ' in his transactions with auctioneers the insolvent at first appears to have only resorted to them for advances in occasional emergencies; but latterly it would appear that a great part of his pur chases were made with at least the primary object of obtaining 4heir advances. An ab stract of these transactions is tiled herewith, allowing the date and particulars of the pur chases, the date of advances, and the loss ou each sido.' The 'abstract' in, no doubt, very interesting, and may be safely recom mended to the consideration of all traders who want to learn the art of abstractingagood income out of the losses of other persona. But I now come to a blacker subject still ; I mean the native encampment which is established on the Park Lands at the rear of the Botanic Garden. It is true, tho aborigines who have squat down at this place do nut often trouble the Commissioner of Insolvency. But, at the same time, their mode of trading is not to be commended ; for the profit, like Warule's, is all on one side. It seems that on Sundays local preachers attend the encampment, and that some of the natives listen ' with marked attention' to what is said. Yes ; but this is for the sole purpose— as any one may find out by going to the place on a week ni^ht — of mimicking every tone, gesture, ami expression of the preacher. Besides, this encampment is too often a scene of dirt and drunkenness, where fifty or sixty natives retire for dissipation, after begging through the town and suburbs during the day, and where large numbers of children find amuse ment of a very unsuitable kind. In fact, there is no good reason at all why these aborigines should leave their home on the Murray and come on a vagabond expedition once a year to the city, which is the very worst place for them in every possible way. Some time ago this evil was prevented by the sending of rations and blankets to the natives instead of allowing them to fetch such supplies from Adelaide; and if that remedy has been abandoned the sooner it is returned to the better. The tribe will be improved in health aud morals by living on the Murray instead of on the Torrens, and, as to their 'picturesque appearance,' that was all very well ' When wild in woods the noble mace ran.' But I object to his running out of the woods and leading an unwholesome life in the streets and alleys of the town. Then, as to tho imuch-talked-of corrobborees, they really only corroborate all the complaints I have made. The Sunday opening, therefore, of the Botanic Garden— or Satanic Garden, as some people are pleased to call it— is alto gether harmless and innocent as compared with this encampment on the Park Lauds. Another matter which is said to require the early attention of tho Government is tho appointment of a Captain to the company of Scotch Volunteers. These gallant fellows have long since proved themselves smart at drill, and their handsome uniform, as we all know, is the very hue plus ultra of warlike costume. They are also said to be well disciplined and prompt at obeying the orders of their officers, though it has always ap peared to me that on receiving the word of command 'to dress' they never executed this movement as completely as they might do. Still they are an active and ornamental corps, and it is therefore too bad of tho Government to be so long in giving them a captain in the place of Mr. Buik, especially as the nominations to that office, as well as those to the subordinate positions, have been Bent iu for a considerable length of time. Probably the elections have interfered with the settlement of this matter, but now there ought to be no longer an excuse on that point. 