AN?SWER? TO OONTnRIDUTORS. Josh BIilllngs wants it rospokfully under stood, that, tho hiz data az sensor ov a L vartuous press ockasionally kausos him tow lito onto sum contributors at a hlgh rate ov spooeed, he duz it, not out ov mahs tn those who rite, but thru grate luv and tribulashun for those who road. TO CONTRIDUTOIS. I Ilear an Angoll WVhlspro, by Clomantha. -Thezo lines contain more poeokry, and loss truth. The fact is Anpoils don't whisper, if tha ha, got onny thing tow sa, tha sa it rite out loud. TrI agin, Clemantha; rito onto kontoentment, or happiness, or sum slch subjoo, that haint never bin rit onto. S Slavery, ordained or God, by A. ). P. This produckshion we cant accept. We are bound in our isuranso polisy not tow hav on hand onny article extra hazardus on akount .ovrfire, and vo don't want to be struk bi ; litenin, nor sent to purgatory, and looze our insurance besides. Furthermore, writers : mustlgiv us' their names in full A. D. P. mite stand for A. D-m Phulo, and we aint a doing onny blznoss with them kind, not itf w?;e aro credibly Informed. ,,, On Pisgors nobil hitos I stood, communin ?,with our Ancesters, by Olaronso.-B-lank v?,arse, by grashust If my memry dent faloe me, this l: the same spot wharo Noor stood, .wIth the ark, proviously. We aint much on blank varso, but think we smel a rat. We have sent tho peace tow the kommitty on forrin rolashuns, and if tha sa the peaceo l on 'the equaro, it will be publishod, ackom. p i', anled with a full-sized 3 dollar puff. Epitaif on a Friend,, by Emolino Parsons. I:, Epltaffs are played out with us. We con. 'tlu tow publish them, at 25 cents ahead, as we do du doths and weddings, and dent hold oirself, rosponslbloe for truth' or 'damageo. *We iv to onkurago geonius the, and adviso . Emolino Parsons tu diet, and koop her hand :..'In by ritoing for the Now York Legor. SEssa, on Ilurrykanos, bl Tempest Jun. :WIInappoar jist az soon nzathe hurrykano ;soAonsdown a littlo;' This writer handles a hurrykano the best we ever soo it did. Hlis deskripshun resembles chaln.litening quietly. HIo malks the grate oaks tow wiggle like mad sarpents, and' the roks tew bile and burst open, and the hole arth tow rumbil az it had the kolick. This writer could get up a ghost that would bo wurth having. Tom. post Jun will pleze send us his photcrgraff, we want a personal Intervu. 