The break- down of tbo Panama Mail Company has again strongly recalled to tbo public mind the question of the Capo route. _ It is useless now to revivo the objections which we all alone from tbo beginning urged against tbo advisability of Bucb a lino of communication with Europe, in tho present undeveloped state of these colonies, as the line that was chosen by the Panama Mail Company. To do so would only present tbo appear ance of that very cheap kind of sagacious- ness which consists in being wise after tho fact. Wo content ourselves, therefore, with saying that tho result has simply proved what we strongly insisted on at tho time of tho Intercolonial Postal Conference, and also long before that event—namely, that tho adoption of the Panama route was premature, and that tho proper lino of steam communication between Australia and Europe at tho present day was via tho Capo of Good Hope. Others, who then thoughtdilTerently,sco that now ; although wo must say it does seem strange that any persons who had given full consideration to the suhjeot, eould for a moment think that that routo did not fulfill all tho con ditions requisite, which, too, wore to bo found in no other. In looking at this matter, the question that arises most pro minontly is, what is tho end in view in csta- blishing any furtlior linos of steam com munication to and fro between Europe and Australia, besides that already in exis tence via Suez ? Is it further or additional postal accommodation ? Certainly not ; for wo cannot very readily hope to improvo on what we at present cot in this respect in tho lino via Suez. We may use that line twice instead of onoo a month, if wo have tho means and tho desire to incur tho additional expenso. But tho routo itsolf cannot possibly be improved upon, if, in deed, that via the Cape should not, as some imagine, ultimately prove tho supe rior, even in this respect also, of postal accommodation However, without trvimr to forecast tho future, and dealing only with the present, and with things as they aro, the Suez route is, for postal accom modation merely, without a rival In casting about therefore for another lino of steam communication with Europe, we must have somo motive beyond mere facility aud speed of postal intercourse ; otherwise our search is superfluous, and it is seen beforehand thatiit will be fruit less. Have wo such a motive, and is it founded in sound policy P There is no doubt whatevor on either point. Our motive in seeking for some other line of communication besides that via Suez is to ensure what tho latter cannot give us — namely, a means of bringing to our shores a copious influx of immigrants from the old world, with rapidity, with periodical certainty, with comfort to the immigrants themselves, and with moderate cost to us. The object in view is to attract population hither by bridging over the ocean in such a. commodious way that tho very conve nience and. moderate cost of tho passage will bo of itself inviting, aud lead people to turn their faces towards Australia who otherwise would not entertain the idea of coming amongst ns. We may make onr land policy as liberal as it is possible to ccnceire ; we may send yenrly tons of gold, dug up in our soil, to Lon don, testifying the wondrous resources of this favoured land ; we may truly boast a very fine and healthful climate; but without something else in addition, all this will be in vain to crowd our shores with an inflowing population from tho old world. Wo must make straight tho path — and pleasant and cheap withal— which leads from Europe to this land. And this can only bo done by means of the Cape routo, and a well appointed line of fast and capaoious steamships of the most modern and approved kind. It needs no homily at this time of day to convince people that a newly occupied and thinly-inhabited country, which is capable of maintaining in comfort a - population of millions, can neither acquire prosperity nor strength as long as the millions are absent, and are only feebly represented by a few thou sands. Every one can- comprehend that tho sooner tho infantile condition of the country so circumstanced is brought to a close, tho better will it be, both for those who are already settled in it and those who come to odd to its strength ; and when it is seen that there is one special way by which that can he accomplished, all will concur in tho adoption of that way. But it would seem as though it wore necessary beforehand to exhaust all tho impossible ways which presented themselves of at tempting tho object in view, before there would bo a unanimous concurrence in tho adoption of the right course. It was necessary, in this case, to provo by actual experience that no influx of immigrants, worth notico, would take place through tho ordinnry medium of sailing ships, oven coming by tho Cape ; and lator it has had to be shown, as it now is, that neither for postal nor passongcr intercourse was the Panama lino the ono thing needed. Having thus, by tho exhaustive proeess of experience, bccorno convinced that first- class steamships coming by tho Capo of Good Hopo furnish tho only means of getting what wo want, we havo tho motive for seeking to establish a second lino of communication with Europe, through its means, and through its means alone. Lot tho stato of things which we havo in con templation bo sot on foot, and tho country will havo cause to rejoico that tho Cape route has been subsidised and established, even at the eleventh hour. The object of a subsidy should ho, in this case, not to pay for bringing letters and newspapers, hut to enablo the steamship owners to con voy tho poorer and thrifty class of passengers at such a low rato of chargo as will make it an induce ment to them to look to Australia, and not America, as tho land of promise. At present, in tlio caso of tho small driblet of immigration which does' take place, tho Government, in those instances where tho public funds are thus applied, has to pay from L15 to L18 per head as tho passage money Sometimes, however, it is as low aB L13 ; hut whero can tho working man be found in the United Kingdom who can command LIS, or Llo, or even L13, to convey him to a new country ? We need not press the question. Tho Govern ment must pay at least L8 of tho passago- money in each case, and leave tho balance of L5 to bo paid by tho passengor. In that caso, the intending emigrant would have to pay down nt tho office in England a sum within his reach— say L5 — take his passago-ticket, and go on board. On tho arrival of tho vessel in Melbourne, tho Government would pay the balance ; and thus the thing would bo done without in any way pauperising tho new-comer, or wounding his self- respect. Tho Cape routo puts this efficacious means of bene fiting the country at our disposal ; and that is the ground for its adoption, and not more postal accommodation. Ve ucder.tBDd that the report of the Engl- neer-ln-Chlof on tho works In connection with the Collban water srheme has betn submitted to Mr. Chrlstopbcrson, the chief engineer of the department, who will probably furnish his reply by tbo end of the present week. In the mean time all the works have been suspended. . Captnlo Stack yesterday continued to receive applications frhm persons to join tho New Zea land Armed Constabulary Forco, and there is every probability of bis securing the required number of men In tbo course of a day or two, wben they will bo at once conveyed to the scene of their future operations. Before the Full Court yesterday, Mr. Ireland, Q.C., applied for a rule niai tor mandamus to provide the local committee of the Rose street Common School with their proper amount of the Government grant. Some two years ago the Board of Education withdrew the grant, ns the local committee refused to Benetton tho dis missal of Mr. Eastwood, tho teacher, who was concerned in some trial before tho Supreme Court, in which trial the hoard considered there was sufficient disclosed to warrant his dismissal. Their Honours reserved judgment. In the Equity Court yesterday morning, Mr. Justice Molcsnorth gave judgment in the Bull of Carter v. Murphy, and decided as to how the trust moneyB are to bo disposed of. It Is proposed to establish a library and read ing room for the use of residents In Toorak. A meeting was held en Saturday evening, for the purpose of making the necessary arrangements. From a report received from the Penny Read ings Committee, it appeared that a sum of L17 was available. A preliminary csmmlttee was appointed, and there Is every prospect of the acliemo bclDg successfully carried out. The remains of Mr. Charles Johnson, late a gunner In tho Emornld Hill Volunteer Artillery, were interred yesterday afternoon, in tho Mel bourne Cemetery, with military honours. The coflin was conveyed on a gun-carriage, covered with the Ur.ion Jack, and surmounted with the busby and accoutrements of tbo deceased, The firing party was composed of members of the Eiucrald Bill Corps, and a large number of volunteers followed the remains of their deceased comrade to ths grave. Tho mournful procession proceeded through tbo principal streets of tho city, and the strains of the band playing the "Head March in Saul" attracted the attention of ilia passers hy. Deceased was known as an v.»wv»a..«fc cuut,, uuu uau UUUIJIOhCU 1U BCVtirUl of tho intercolonial ilBe matches. Among those who joined in tho cortege viae many who had been thus honourably associated with the de ceased. Messrs. E. Whitehead and Co. have published a calendar for tho coming year, which, aa a spe cimen of lithography, is very creditable indeed. A m«ti named George Fearn has been nrrested by the detectives "on a charge of forging and uttering a ehequo fir L1500 on the National Bank, purporting to bo signed by Landalo Brothers, well- known iquatters ot Daniilquin. About a month ego tho cheque was cashed at the National Bar.k In GoO sovereigns and eighteen L50 bank uoies. The same day that tbo cheque was cashed tho prisouer, who Is a labourer to tho gold molter bt the Bank of Victoria, paid Into hla account nt the Orientnl Bank eighteen L50 National Bank notes and 260 sovereigns. He was brought tip at tho City Court yesterday, and remanded for eight dots ; no ball allowed. Tho wnrrnnt Issued at the instance of the Chief Commissioner of the Insolvent Court for tho apprehension of Mrs. P. II. M'Ardell, for non-attendance as a witness, was executed at Glpps Lind ln>t week, and Mrs. M'Ardell was taken into custody. It was arranged to convey her to Mclbouroe via the Lakes, and alio was detained in a private houso, under the sur veillance of the police, until Thursday, when ehe was to havo proceeded to her destinalion from Clydebank in the steamer Murray ; but, owing lo the indisposition under which she labours, her departure lies been postponed indeflnateiy. Meanwhile Mrs. M'Ardell is detained under police surveillance. Tho late fall in the pilco of wool, which by many is regarded as permanent, is likely to be produclivo of results which, though not Imme- diato, aro none the lens certain. Many oi ,lha Crown lessees who were supposed to hold an ex. cellent position in reference to financial matters, arc likely (remarks the Ararot journal) to be hardly pressed this year. Tho effort to protect themselves by purcha-.ing and leasing land under the present measure necessitated a strain upon the resources of not a fc , of them, which, under present circumstances, will be eoreiy taxed. We have heard the name of moro than one station likely to he put in the market soen, in the hope that tba Investments made In purchased land mny he realised, and with the desire of quitting a pursuit which .under the present state of matters has ceased to be profitable. Not a few free selectors, too, who depended upon tbo assistance which ths wool might givo them, also talk of realising upon or relinquishing their holdings, if the Government do not grant the sought-for concession of remitting their rent towards tho purchase money. Amongst the passengers by the ship Globe, from Liverpool, on Saturday, was the Hon. A. Pery, a half-brother to tho Earl of Llmorlck..' At a meeting of tbo ratepayers of Smith Ward, held at the Trades-ball, Lygon street, last ovening, Mr. Glen in tho chair, Councillor M'Bean urged the ratepayers to strengthen the bands of tho City Council In their efforts to secure tbo passing of an amending Building Act in- confirmation with tho most recent recom mendations of that body, and a deputation was appointed to wait upon the Chief Secretary on an early day to securo the passing of the amended by-law. At tho City Court yesterday, a practical ex- amplo of what may happon to a man in a rail way carriage was shown in the case of three men — Michael Connor, Dan. Casey, and Wm. Blgley— who were vharged with fighting in a carriage on tho Melbourne and Hobaon'a Bay United Railway line, between Windsor and IMClUUUIUIIi vUUUul (tutl vlloej UUU LVIUIillllj been driving dull care away with tho aid of cheer ing spirits, and when Blgley got into the train, they attacked him and blackened his eye. When the guard opened the door, ho Lund two of them fighting desperately, while the third sat on tiie roll of the seat and looked on with drunken admiration. They were all taken to tho watch- house, and on being brought up at tho City Pollco Court yesterday, Blgloy was diicharged, while the other two wero fined 10s. caco, with 10s. costs each, for a wludow that had been broken in the melee. Largo-sized nuggets still continue to bo un earthed at the Berlin goldfield. We havo received later dates from Hobart Town and Launceston to tho 5th Inst. A soldier of the 14th Reglmont had been murderously assaulted and stabbed by a negro during a quarrel, and the soldier, whoso name Is Thomas ICavanagb, was in a most precarious state, hovering almost between life and death. Denis Blake, who was brought up some days ago on a charge of deserting bis wife nt Hobart Town, was released on. promising to stay with bis lawful wife, having been for soma time past cohabiting with a woman ot BBllarat, whero he was arrested. This woman also claims to be bis wife, and has obtained a warrant against him for wife desertion. Ho was brought up at tho City Court yesterday, and remanded to Bnllnrat. A combat between a dog and a snako is thus described In tho West Bourke Guardian " A sou of Mr. Swords, a selector, wa3 driving Bomo cattle to water, wben tho dog discovered a snake, and commenced running round and barking at the reptile. The latter mode several attempts to bite the dog, hut the animal always escaped by jumping over his assailant. The snako seemed to rest upon a singlo coll of Its body, and to slowly turn tho erect head round to fellow the motion of his canine enemy. For somo time the dog did not attempt to seize the snake, tho object ol hie incessant barking being apparently to terrify the reptile. At lest the snako became much irritated, and sprang at tho dog ; the latter as usual jumped over tho snake, seizlDg the reptile by ttio tell and threw him into the air, from which he descended with a broken spins, and consequently unable to move, when he was leisurely killed by ' young Australia,' who during the engagement very coolly en couraged the combatants as one or other seemed to loso ground. The snake woe of tbo tiger species, 5ft. long." , The St. Arnaud Mercury gives currency to a Btory that on Messrs, Eesson and Perry's, Hopeful Reef, the men have refused to work by night, owing to the ghost-like sounds which are heard proceeding from all parts of the claim. A noise as of some person scraping a shovel with Iron Iibs been frequently heard, and notwith standing the search made In all directions, no cause for the peculiar noises can be ascertained, and in the morning nothing is found disturbed. The special correspondent of the Bendlgo Ad vertiser furnishes tho following particulars rola-- live to the now ruth at Spring Creek " The progress of tho rush at Spring Creek is con sidered so satisfactory by tho diggers on tho ground, and by those who have visited the spot, as to Induce tho belief that a vast and extensive goldfield has been opened up. The number of persons at present located there mBy be fairly estimated at between COOO and 7000, congregated together from all parts of Victoria and from far- off Queensland and New Zealand. There was n rumour prevalent at the rush on Saturday last that three steamers had left Sydney laden with passengers bound for Spring Creek. This Is rid doubt a canard ; but judging, however, from the number of mlueis pouring into the diggings dally from Bendlgo, Rushworth, M'lvor, Alex andra, and all the surrounding goldfieids, there cannot be the least doubt that la a very short time the population will exceed 10,000. Whether the country at presont opened up will afford profitable employment to the number of miners on tbo rush is a matter of doubt — In fact, in Iho mlndsof many people, it will be overdone in a week or two ; but, never theless, there cannot be but one opinion, that the Spring Creek diggings, from the prospects ob tained in scores of claims and nt long distances apnrt, will prove to be one of the most Important goldfieids discovered in Victoria for years, and one which will turn out of greater extent tbon people at present have any idea of. Ono fact worthy of mention, and one particularly notice able, la the very few men to be found coming from tho rush ; end even these, with one or two exceptions, on questioning you will ascertain ore returning to their homes to fetch their mntes, tents, etc. The now digglogs arc situated on n flat averaging from n quarter to half n mile wide, with a gentle slope towards the Goulburn River, or towards the south. This fiat is skirted by querlz ranges, on one < t which a reef Is being worked, where, at a depth of 20ft. from Hie sur face, they discovered stone 7ft. thick, which goes IJoz, to the ton. The stono bed to be carted into Whroo to be crushed; but even with this expense it pays well." The greet difficulty met with is want of water, the croek being two miles distent. At the District Court yesterday, John Lloyd, landlord ol the Hull nnd London hotel, Bourke street, wee fined 10s., with 21s. costs, for eeillng liquor on Sunday, the 20th ult. The Ararat Advertiser states that "arequiai- lion calling upon Mr. David Blair to resign bis seat for Crowlands Is talked of in Influential circles at tho Reefs, Pleasant Creek, where a feeling of dissatisfaction almost opproachlog to disgust has been engendered by the manner in which that hon. gentleman has discharged hie parliamentary duties. The feeling sgolnst Mr. Blair has been much intensified by the un truthful, disparaging, and sneering remarks affecting the importance of the district as a field for quartz mining, which appear in a leading article in the Ballarat Evening Post of Wednes day last, and of which he is generally thought to bo the writer." This evening the eleventh annuel meeting of the members of the Mechanics' Institute will be held in the hail of the Institute, Emerald Hill. The talented and popular actress Miss Cleve land made her re- appearance at the Theatre Royal lest night, as Lsdy Isabel Vane, In- the dramatised version of " East Lynne," and sus tained the part with all the ability nnd pathos which has characterised her previous perfor mances ef this character. So powerfully did she work upon the feelings of her audience, that a very largo number of those present exhibited visible eigne of emotion. Many important al terations hod been made in the cast of characters since the piece was last produced at this house ; but, taken as a whole, the dream wee well re presented. " Barney the Baron," which waa the afterpiece, afforded Mr. Stewart tunlty of showing hie humour in on n,wP|1?r- charecter. Mr. Stewart aunouneej t"1' on Friday next, and promisee a liberal tractive bill. oni1 »t. Publications Received—" t>,„ a . ?!inn,£"Prl!BmioD»l year Book ami ruf,tr?'- lor I860,' nnblished by Messrs. S" |Sen,l,t Knight— "The Mining Record and PuHil P8ni1 I anles Gazette" for tho current mom fP- contains a good article on " Fust Living!' cl1 