, U?oaunacvOaan.-The bench of omaistrates at )Iurrumhbrrah have appointed Lools Philip Iad. 'leston to be bailiff of the court of requests at Mar. rumharrh. ' SSie?r-wAenito ArrAIRATVr AT te.ISA. JoAnc. STON AND O RAMSAT'S BTATIONr?, NANAMAil, : S1 YAD,.-In a former Irnus we Intimated that new and improved machinery was in course of erection by Mteirs. Joh'neton arid 'lnmsy, at Naname, near this town.'. We are r ow gla to be able to state that the mechinery hia been erected and is in fall work. Ing order, and a short description cannot fail to be of nterest to, very many of our readers. As we have already stated, the machine is the Invention of Mr. 8\. Luoca, of Ash0fld; was'made by him, and has been erecled: nder:his personal superintendene. lot water is nsed, and one hundred and sixty sheep arer thoroughly ,washed nI slity minutes. The followig lq, the process adopted i-Sheep are frst place in a small yard; and from iron tanks standing at 'n' elevation of fifteen feet, to which a hoe is alttched; thhe shep are'" raioed" upon until their fleecy covering is thoroughlty enatnrtedi,, From this they ar remroved to whet is deslgniae the" ' soaking. pýn.'" a plaie il aptibl of holding a dozen sheep. Thl'ivst is eupplie4 iith'hot' water by' A pipe con. nected with' boller erected at Sach an elevation e to Supply the vat by! merely turnito nt a tap. After thesheep habnve remelned a short time in the soaking. pea, they are passed on to a large tank, hollow in the centre, on the sides:and top of,which ar fitted a humber of jets or streams of water, so arranged that no two jets strike the sheep in the one place. T The sheep remal under tbheseets for a few seoonds, and on leaving this tank the washln process has been completed. The tank to hblch the jets are connected Is supplied with col water by a cihtlopomp, worked by a four horse.pnwer machine, capable of throwing one thousand gallons of water per minoter The water Is conveyed by a raoe to the lower and of the dam, so that but little water Is lost. The advan talea derived from this method*are that h'large number of sheep ean be washed during'the day, little or no Injury being sustained by the sheep, and no loss to the owners the wool is ailo thoroOuhly washed, eqoal to sooured, and the folk rises in about ten or twelve hours after washing.' Wool wauhed by, this'process, and when tested: n' the London market: fetched fonrpence per lb. more than a portion from off the sime flok, after It had been eooured in Sydney, and the latter had the farther great disad. vantage of losing 60 per cent. In weight. A power' ful wool.press, on an improved principle, has also been erected at Nanmsn." 'It is by the rsme maker as the' wool-washing apparatous and, l capable of pressing twenty bales per day. We understand Mr. Lrcas will be at Nanama. up to Baturday next, the 21st instant,;and we are authorlsed to state that Measrs. Johnston and Ramsay willbe happy to see all those interested In'suah Improvemente and who may be Idesirous towitness the machine In full working order. The apparatus at Nanama Is, we believe the first of the anrt that has been erected Ia the eieghbourhood of Yeas, and we have to con. gratalate the spirited owners on the eucoesful oom pletlon of the mechlnery,' and hope It may prove eminently adoantageous--Yass Courier. ' I., , TýO-i Cowir vVow Amrtus;-The Oladstone Ob serrer has been told the following aboat Count.Von Attema, by a friend who had'an Interview with a passenger from Cape York I-The IIUclet's Ghost, with the spurious Count on board: put Into Somerset (Cnpe York), on or about the 15th AugaistoL On be ing boarded by the police boat he made Inquiries as to whether frigat had arrived there, and on being inswered'ln the aolirmitivebecame agitatedeand *eaerly Inqoired about her movements but appeared relleved when'told that the vessel wae I, M.8. Virago, and that she bad lift the settlement in'Jan oary., e *'rematoed eight' dayl, and. during the whole time kept a bright look out for vvissel In the offing. ,The captain and crew were discharged in conreqsence'of arow between the Coant'and the captain, in which revolvers wre drawn. i The crew refuted to put the captain n n irons. It ppears that the Count had kept them la awe by threatenin to give them twentyfre lashes apiece, when he fell n with the Austrian 'friate hi was always expecting. The acltig P.h. Induced the craw to reship, under a fresh agreement; all bat the captain and eteward, who remained ehlod. ,W hlle In port the Oount wee always dressed in the uniformof an'Austrian'scataln of cvalrybhd' wre a sw6brd whed on ahor6r."' le made a great ddlplay of the m6hey be had with him, and purposly left blls iot exohange lying about his . cabin for vriitore to soe, many of which were illed ' in for large amonnts, and only wanted hise sinatre. lie sucoeeded in Imposing dpon the authorilles, tak. ; ina suplile for'his vessel and pating for them'in : bills, which the holders will donbller discover are about :s valuable ae draftsa pon Aldgatoetpmp. Among those who were swindled are two naturalists one named ,Thorpe,,,JThe Oount' bought' tnffe . birds; &o.; from them to the amount of about £30 1 but lome alight compunction most have touched him, for contrary to custom he paid them half cash and half by a bilL :?e satled for Datealr on the eighth . day, leaving letters for the captain of the Austrian frigate and bhiebankers In'Bydnreol 'TT flsgate" iws ordered to follow 'him on to Timor. .The cap tiln he has with'him is one Austin, late master of the' brig' Ileliance, which .was wrecked .on the Solomon Group., 1le.was poiked, up and broughbt Into Bowen,'whence hb shlpped ai mate on board the lHamlet's Ghost' Two days after shi left Somerset, the schooner Oaptali Cook arrived fromu Dowen with a wrrant fot the auet of the count, t .. + 