Unxkss there had been, much latent strength in this colony, it must have collapsed in the manner its detractors are constantly asserting ifc is on the point of doing, several times duiihg the pasiclbv years. ndage tba^jnis fortuoee do not come singly bias been abundantly justified in the history of South Australia. The three great * pro ducing interests of the country have each j in their tum been exposed to exceptional trial and adversity, the effects ofwhicb were intensified by the monetary panic in London. The squatters, who, as a rule, were a yeiy prosperous class of the com munity, were the fiwt to ieel the blow. The drought, which lasted over more than one season, reduced many » man of wealth and position to the r&nke.; The Commission which at the dose of the past session beard evidence as to the losses wbieh had been eu&tained; on some parts of the country £rom the destruction of elidted the^nci tihat Sl s^aat twa divided betwe^itheiiMnilT«« nlossof nearly 800,000 aheep nnd 38,09Q head of cattle. The mining intent was the next to suffer from what it is usual to circumstanees over whndi we haTft no control. The low price ef copper in the Engltf»h maHcet has entirely shut up maoy * aedne vhieh proffliwdto be a ^o fitaMe speenlatios, boodes reducing the profits of many oth»r» to a minitnum* In the Of the gemand depreaj^on culture wa| ln anything bat aflourishing ^ndttioikn - Sbe farmers had reaped de^ jieient 'cpopB, yiidding badly* and a some- ^irhat h^er price than psiMd for whekt ^Tharvest had iwwMrdedl effort^ and we had b^xua to cpngratiilate our sdves that dame Eortune was going bo smUo upon ub again. W« though, that the worat was past, and the Treasurer, who is not usually, when times are bad, a very sanguine man, now officially in formed na that be beliered wehad turned tiie corner. Doubtless if we had secured the liberal' return of wheatthe harvest of 1867-8 seemed to hold out a prospect of, the Treasurer's golden hopes would hare been partially or wholly realized, and tto might have entered upon a new cy«4e of prosperity. To the great loss ofevery member of the community.the fjeaping^anachines which havs^bden^t tro^k told a reiy different tale to tiio fene: lire I had anticipated from - them. The same measure meted out to the squat ters and the miners has- been the lot of the farmers, the only exception being that they have had previously to endure a portion 'of privation caused by the losses which more particularly affected the other two producing classes. rm ? i*m it* . in « ? xneae aimeuicies are not UKei y to bare slipped from the memories of those who were primarily affected by them, and therefore it would be superfluous to allude to them were it not for the fact that we behold on all hands of ns a class of pseudo-seers springing up, who would make us believe that calamities arising entirely from causes over which we have no control are the effects of our Own misdoings, short-comings and ignoranoe^ If we would credit these prophets of eril, it was Goyder's valuations that ruined the squatters, not the absence of rain. It was established very conclusively to all those who cared to investigate the matter ever so superficially, that the ruined squatters in nine-tenths of the cases brought forward had runs outside the district upon which Goyder had placed a higher valuation, and that those whose runs he raised the rent of are generally to this day flourishing men. When the price of copper ore fell to a much lower figure than it had pqpeviously ment of mining in South America, the croakers in our midst averred that our mining legislation, if it did not positively cause the minerals to disappear from the lodes, rendered it so difficult of extraction that the. enterprise could not be profit able. The farmers are much too reason able to suppose that however mysterious may be the cause of red rust, better land legislation would not have prevented its appearance, although in the jeremiads of some who profess to lead public opinion this is unhesitatingly affirmed. The remedy that the birds of ill-omen provide for all these evils in the body politic is characteristic of the source from whence, it springs* fi&ie; Govern^ ' ment of the country, the conduct of the' legislature, and above all things, the power of the purse, should be at once handed over to them. M No doubt,' say they, ' that we are the people, and wis dom shall die with us.' How this wis dom has been acquired is, fortunately for us, a matter of history. The school where they received their education is out and about of the Government offices, and their idle, worthless lives have been passed in seeking for treasury crumbs, and trying to crawl into Government billets. lake every quack doctor who has yet arisen, they have but one pre scription, one universal panacea, and that is either the promotion of themselv^a|e j power ' and pay, or that they;;dHMiiiiM placed, near enough to ''the1 T^effl^y 'ly filch away some ot its contents. JDfe ts for the country to judge whether it will hand over its destinies to charlatans and quacks, whose recommendations are the wholesale abuse they bestow on every in stitution which has been hitherto in vogue, and the inordinate industry and ; effrontery with which they proffer their | own services. Wb congratulate Mr. Bright on the eminent triumph he has secured during the past week. His victory will be pro ductive of the beat ©onsequenees, not only to the district around Onteipa which has beamed, the light nan^b*tothe- wh^le-«dei^|i|^wg j AiuftKpilia.' . |h|iTy|Bfe record our unqualified approval of his conduct— so rare for us to have- the I opportunity of chronicling his patriotism, that wedo it on this occasion with the greater pleasure. IWm henceforth it will not be Mr. Bright'a fault if the colony does not know him, even aa he it known here, where we have such frequent opportunities of judging him. 4-W th« il^a^^^^^^^d'weeldxjouriu^ ^ieam^ fc jfember of Parliament of distressed lfi^e»i*to $be Commissioner of Publid Woit^, noibin^ to ask relief for them, and th»n, aftM*^urning with ftw depu ^io^assumed the role of a distressed It was a pi^p- Jth^t jBucli MrtiM should ? '? V- » *T!V.^.ns , . . ? .. **Be born to blush unseen, AnftwaB!» t£f sweetness on ^iodesert air.** We congratulate Mr. Bright, therefore, on , teanng ' the mask off by which h& was - ^enshrouded, and climbing to the dignity and notoriety' lie has now attained. We say it again, the colony ought .to thank Mr. Bright ought to bo proud of the day on which he aissisted to strip the sheep's clothing. from -off the wolf's bade! We have hopes of Mr. Bright yet. t If he dontinue ? in the^tath of usefulness upon which he ^ has so lately made his d§but, he may yet i prov/B.a valuable member of society I j ^3ie 'manner in which' Mr. fright gave j lus ewdonoe at the trial in which he! played so creditable a part is worthy of the attention of witnesses in general.! With a most charming^ consistency he \ was all things to all men. Chameleon lite, he changed his color under the moulding hands of the leaned counsel ' just as he was interrogated. In the play called''' the Taming of the Shrew,' the great dramatist describes Petruchio as saying, 'Now fcy my'n: other's son, and that's myself, . » snau eicner sun. moon, or star, just as 1 j like.' . j Petruchio was not «so complacent as| Mr. Bright. When asked if the facts in the paragraph containing the alleged libel were false, he replied they were i falee.v . Were they , true ? They were 1 true:; : Were his hor&es; and drays not j availaWe for the dkrtage of wood ? They ; were not. Were they available? They were. Of course, with only such evidence i before him, there was nothing for the Stipendiary Magistrate to do but to com mit, and, he did so. We say with only web evidence, for none other was wanted to contradict Mr. Bright. He performed that duty most satisfactorily hiyngalf We have no doubt that the Magistrate -fid exactly what he considered his duty in committing, but we should be equally lax this week in the execution of our duty if we failed to point out the moral to i-e . drawn from this committal, as if we Bright^ appropriation ofpiriil^c money. in our last; The only; conclusion that can be drawn from the Magistrate's decision is that log- rolling and iall questionable transactions of a similar character are to grow in South Australia unchecked by the only autho rity that ever has been found capable of grappling with them successfully — viz., the public press. If a newspaper pro» prietor is to be committed for trial every time any would-be prosecutor likes io lay an information against him there is an end to the freedom of the press. It is idle to argue that the committal means nothing. It means tothe person committed, trouble, expense, en-J anxiety. Granting that the Magistrate performed his duty, there is a sweeping reform wanted in these pre liminary investigations. Here is a case in which no reasonable man can suppose there is the ghost of a chance of a jury convicting upon, but it is sent for trial. Either the Magistrate has a discretionary power, which it is his duty to exercise, or he has not. If he has, what is the use of committing in such a case ? It isonly encouraging vexatious litigation. It the Magistrate has not this discretionary povsjer, what is the use of his sitting on the Bench. The form of a trial merely becomes a farce. The Magistrate might as well be Aome Mumbo Jumbo, or automaton, if there is but to be one result. If a aotioniital is to enstte upon every prima yPfi^ftase, what advocate is there who ^iiefjfd not make out a prima Jacia case from the weakest materials f In this I instance the evidence was as contra dictory as it possibly could be in every respect but one, and that one was the adxiission of the facts of the case stated in; the alleged libel, Jt is known to ev^yone that the truth is no libel for anyone to speak, and least of all for a nerspaper proprietor. The prosecutor advits the truth of the facts, and set a committal follows. It was as the learned counsel for the defence remarked, not only the privilege, but the bounden duty ofthe Editor of a. journal to expose an abuse of this description coming under Ml jBftzoft- There was not a man in the jdiwfefe bttt wsb mware that the Govern t iniTrindtltrilj 11 pnn fh n publication alleged libel, at ^nc6 took vigorous i^ans to suppress, the abuse exposed. 'Vfhat a jury will eay when such evidence is l«d, before them, one should imagine nk sane man need think twice about to determine, and therefore, we ask. with all confidence, what good end will be fur tiered by a decision, the unfailing result ofwhieh must be to fostor the growth of jobbery, trickery^ and log- roMng, almses i Which axe already too prevalent ^ la Hip Colony? 4 j j* 