! SOUTH EASTERN REQUIREMENTS. | DEPUTATION TO THE CHIEF SECRETARY. /"From the Reaister.') i On Thursday morning, December 10, a I deputation from the South-Eastern Dis trict waited upon the Hon. Chief Secretary to bring before hifii various matters con nected with their district. The deputation : was the result of a Conference held in October last, at which various delegates were appointed. In addition to the Chief Secretary (Hon. J.T. Bagot), the Attor ney-General (Hon. H.T.B. Strangways), and the Treasurer (Hon. H. K. Hughes), there were present Mr. J. Riddoeh, M.P., Messrs. J. Umpherston and E. H. Der rington (representing Mount Gambier), Mr. W. P. Wa]ker(Eobe), Mr. Thomas Hinckley (Narracoorte), the Hon. W. Morean, and Messrs. E. M. Young, and W. Kay. .Mr. Riddoeh having introduced the de putation, The Chief Secretary said he understood from a note * from Mr. Derrington that there were four things which they intended to bring before the Government-the im provement of Port MacDonnell, construc tion of main roads, improvement in mail arrangements, and the sale of the waste lands. . Mr. Riddoeh having replied in the affirmative, said this visit to the Govern ment had befen brought about by a feeling of dissatisfaction in the South- Eastern District, arising from the manner in which their just claims had been met by a pre vious Government. On the 11th June, 1867, a large and influential deputation, representing the various interests of the South-Eastern district,-waited upon the late Governor,.Sir D. Daly, several mem bers of the then Government being present, and laid the wants of the dis trict before them. In answer to their Statements great promises were made, none of which had been fulfilled; indeed, after the promise of the Government that their careful consideration should be given to the matters laid before them, they had completely violated it. So little had been done since that time that public works in the district had been brought to a complete standstill, and no improvements since then had been car ried on there. Last session of Parliament the Government introduced a Bill to pro vide for the construction of a railway, but it was now stated without any hesi tation that it was not proposed to proceed with it. Then the sum of £5,000 voted to the Local Board of Main Roads was a very small amount. They would under stand when he told them that after the payment of working expenses but a very small item would remain for the purpose of construction. On account of these matters, the people had resolved to hold a conference at Penola, to which, persons from all parts of the district were invited. It was there decided to send a deputation ? to the Government, which had been pre vented from attending there before in consequence of all the representatives not being present, and although all the gen tlemen appointed had not been able to come, those present would be able to lay their case before the Government. Mr. Derrington then read the resolu tions passed at the Conference as fol lOWS !!"** " Penola, October 9. " At a conference held at Penola the following gentleman were present as representing the various townships in the South-Eastern^ District except Kingston :-Mount Gambier, J. Umphereton and T. A. Wells; Robe, G. Ormerod and H. Stephens; Port MacDonnell, Dr. Graham and N. A. Lord; Penola, R. McCIure and S. McKenzie; Nnrracoorte, T. Hinckley and \V. Robertson. It was resolved that Mr. G. Ormerod take the chair. " Resolved-That in the opinion of this confer ence a proper system of macadamized roads, under the supervision of local authority, is necessary to meet the present requirements of the South Eastern District. " That this Conference, finding that the Govern ment have derived from the South-Eastern Dis trict by the sale of lands, territorial and Customs revenue, the sum of nearly one million sterling, and that the amount expended for public works does not exceed the sum of about £150,000, are of | opinion that no less than £60,000 should be placed on the Estimates for the present year, for the purpose of carrying out a system of macadamized roads in accordance with the foregoing resolution. " That this Conference is of opinion that there are many important public works required In the district,-amongst which they would wish to point out the absolute necessity for the erection of anew jetty and - goods- slied at Port MacDonnell, and that therefore a sum sufficient for this and other necessary works required should at once be placed on the Estimates for the present year. " That the Government be requested to place the main line of roads leading to the border of the colony, from Narracoorte to Apsley, from Penola to Sutledee, and from Mount Gambier to Lindsay upon the schedule of main roads, also the proposed direct line from Narracoorte to Wood's Wells. " That in the opinion of the Conference it is desirable to send delegates to Adelaide to represent the views of this meeting to^the Government, and that one delegate from each township represent such deputation, and that such delegates be invested with - discretionary* powers to act in concert with our representatives as circumstances may demand." . Mr. Umpherston regretted very much that they should have to appear in such a position, but it was very evident that the South-Eastern District had received noth ing but promises from the previous Go vernment, which were not kept, for their wants had not been attended to. The late-Government had used them worst of all, because they had held out expecta tions which had not been realized, as Mr. Riddoch had mentioned. There had been a large amount of talk about a railway, but this was another item of the many which had been held out as a catch, and which had resulted in their not re ceiving what they were justly entitled to. The amount received by Government from their land sales was very large, and the colony had benefited by it to a great extent, but the South- Eastern District had not had any share of expenditure in roads and other improvements except the amount voted to the Local Board of Main Roads. He considered that the action-of the late Government had been caused either by interest in other parts or pre judice against the district. The resolu tions that had been read merely referred to matters that came up for discussion; but the subject in which they were-most interested was that of roads. The solur, tionthey came to. was that a system of stone roads would be most advantageous - to them. With regard to the amount that had been asked for by petition for this purpose (£60,000), it might appear large under the circumstances in which the colony was at present placed, but if such an amount as that proposed for the construction of a line of railvfay was expended, it would involve the# annual payment of " a large amount of interest, and the sum they applied for;pompared to t.Viia was very little. Aga^n, looking at the land .sales, many thousands per month had ljeen coming into the Treasury from this source* and all tha.t ho saw on tho Estimates in return was about the amount received during one month. /With regard to the Localities where this money ^ should be laid out, he thought their Local Board had acted very judiciously in the past, and they might be safely trusted to ex pend it where required. On the subjeot of mail communication, this at present was far from'being - satisfactory, and he hoped,the Government would see the necessity that existed for the adoption ;of j a more improved system, which would not only benefit the district,'but facilitate business with the capital. One road that had been asked for across the Border was promised last year.when he was in town, and lie was surprised that it had not been carried out. The people at Narra coorte were completely shut out without it. . Mr. Hinckley had no doubt that the gentlemen who had enjoyed the journey to town would admit that it was desir able to have some improved means of communication. The question was how was it to be done. The late Government,, they were aware, had proposed a variety of schemes, amongst them being a rail way line from Mount Gambier to Narra coorte, and if it was desirable to estab lish railway communication at the present time in their district, that would be the direction for it. Then came the question of whether it would be a payable con cern ; and with respect to the proposed line from Lacepede Bay to-some place near Kadriite, he believed there was no one in the district would advocate it. Living at Narracoorte, as far as he was personally concerned it would suit him aa well as any, but it would be a large amount of money thrown away, and he should be sorry therefore to see it constructed. Viewing it in the most favourable light, he regarded it as a speculation on the part of the Govern ment which would best serve another colony. There were a few thousand acres of agricultural land through, which it would pass, and this was the only piece which would benefit by it. He imagined that such a'work as this ought to emanate from theinhabitants themselves and the people whom it was intended to serve, and not one of them in this case had sug gested such a thing. Proper communica tion was, however, wanted, and very badly too, in winter time, ifc being a matter of the greatest difficulty in getting about; and the Conference had arrived at the conclusion that a system of stone roads made on the least expensive princi ple would be most desirable for the dis trict. The opinion generally expressed by all was that a railway would not be a payable speculation. He had considered the matter, and thought that the majority of the roads might be constructed at a cost of about £500 or £600 per mile, re ducing them in width. The land sales frequently held in the district took away a very large amount of money, that some had to find. This came to Adelaide, and they never heard of it again; and they felt, with a great deal of justice he thought, that this was hardly the course which should, be adopted towards them. (Hear, hear.) They would be far better without any land sales at all at this rate. There was a road leading from Narra coorte to Apsley, and about a year and a half ago an agreement was made by Mr Magarey and a part of the district to ex change another road for it, so as to have a direct line to the township. Govern ment to fence in the line and open the road. The Government had failed to carry out their promise to do this, and there they were still. There was no out let whatever to Narracoorte except ac cross private property, the owners of which were unwilling to close up this road because of the inconvenience it would occasion to those who were not to blame in the matter. He thought if the Govern ment, instead of laying out an amount of £600,000 for a railway, would let them have an amount equal to the annual in terest of that sum it would be of much more benefit to the district. Mr. Derrington did not wish to detain the Government by unnecessary details, but would say they came on this occasion to represent the wants of the district, and this deputation was simply a re-echo of what had been laid before the Govern ment in June of last year. On that occasion various promises were made, none of which had been carried out. Distinct promises were given with regard to the establishment of a local Land Office, Branch Treasury, and so on, and they were ratified by a subsequent letter about the 18th July. They felt that the Government had recognised the wants of their district by the various measures put forward-especially the railway scheme proposed, but withdrawn-and they were now left with the ghost of a promise that some sort of scheme would be carried out. He wished, however, to especially direct the attention of the Govefcftnet to the question of road communication, which would, it was thought, meet the require ments better for the present. It had already been said that all public works in the district were stopped, and' the Local Eoad Board, when the first instalment of the amount for the construction and main tenance of roads in the South-Eastern District for the current, year was placed to their credit; folded their arms in dis pair, as there was no possibility of accomplishing the work with such a small amount. The Government received £120,000 a year from the land sales in the South-East, and according to the old rule one-third of that should be devoted to the construction of bridges, roads, &c.;, giving £40,000 per annum to the district as their legitimate right. Thpy had not received this. The Government had had over one million from them from various sources, and the whole of th6 works in the district did not exceed £150,000, thus leaving a large balance to' their credit. The Government admitting: this, then came , the question how should this be met P There had been proposed a plan which he thought would do. Suppose the sum he had mentioned, £40,000, was due. It was possible for the Government to make an arrangement to borrow £200,000 at a low? rate of interest^ say 6 per cent., divide it into five annual instal ments, securing the interest and principal by the returns from the land sales. This would not . embarrass the Government, and would be simply an anticipation of the land revenue and the expenditure of this £40,000 per annum would enable the Eoad Board to carry out its work effectively. At the present time they had a large traffic, not ' only ;from their own territory, but from Victoria. This year several new. stations^ on the Vic torian side, instead of sending their wool to .Geelong and Melbourne,- sent it to Port MacPonnell, and no fewer than 3,200' bales" had already been' shipped, and it was expected that there, were 3,000 more on the road. Between Penola and Mount Gambier there jWas an extent of . road--about 15 miles-which was simply a sandheap, which the large ' traffic had cut up, and in the course of anothey month it would present a barrier to the traffic northward, aijd stop the trade between theni and Victoria.: 'In winter , time another portion of the road, north of * Penola was rendered impassable, being of a rich loamy clay, and he was justified in stating that it would have been imposible during the last winter to carry on mail communi nication had riot several gentlemen opened private land to'allfrW the mail' to travel. He need scarcely ^ay" more on this poiilt, 1 but he was quite prepared in detail-to show the interests of the South-East were really<r6cognised by the Government who felt- thSt these things required to be at- . tended'totr. ' W^th, regard to the improve ments at Port MacDonnell, the ,snm of £1,000 for removal of obstructions would largely increase their.-shipping security. He referred- them to the. chart of tho harbour, on which from competent autho rities he was able to say that the; clearing of a boat channel from tbe moorings to the jetty would meet thfc caso^ for th^ present. He 'would remind them that the insurance offices in Melbourne and ^London did not charge more on shipping produce from there than at any other port in the colony. This was urgently^ required, be cause the best facilities in the interior would be almost useless without the means of shipping their produce in safety. He would not take up their time on the question of postal com munication, as Mr. Kay, the Chair man of the Chamber of Commerce, had attended to express his views on the mat-. * ter; but he would simply say the opening Up of the Coorong and the adoption of a new line surveyed from Wood's Wells to Harracoorte would hasten the delivery of the mails at Mount Gambier about eight hours, and an alteration of time-table would unite the South Australian and Victorian mails, placing the city within about 64 hours of Melbourne. Mr. Walker had not an opportunity of being present at the Conference, and Mr. George Ormerod, his brother delegate, had been unable to stand the journey to town, so that he was at some disadvan tage. He might say, however, that the opinion expressed at Robe Town waB strongly in favour of requesting the Go vernment to vote a certain amount of money to be placed under the control of the Local Board, and distributed in the district pro rata. Every satisfaction had been expressed at the manner in which that Board had laid out the money placed at its disposal, and it had made great im provement in clearing the roads from Robe to Narracoorte, Penola, and Kings ton-roads over which travellers had to take long stages in the dark. It was not necessary for him to enter into their in ^ dividual wants. JtLe attended merely to ask the Government to lay out the money under the control of the Local Board. It was very desirable that the roads should be improved, because from the northern part of the country-from the Wimmera the natural roads leading to Geelong, Portland, and Melbourne were very supe rior, and if they wished to gain the trade something must be done to reduce the cost of cartage. To show that Eobe Town was entitled to some consideration he had some figures from the Customs returns there which showed the number of bales of wool shipped from there to be 73,214, the value of which was £1,464,864 and the number of foreign vessels arriving there gave some idea of the trade. Mr. E. M. Young was of opinion that the South-East Disfrict up to the present time had not received proper considera tion, not only from the Government, but the colony generally. It was only within the last few years that they had heard anything about it at all. All its great interests had been connected with Vic toria, and it had only been by the strong representations of those who took an interest in it that so much had been done in bringing its trade to Adelaide. (Hear.) He was of opinion that not only the roads, but every other public work carried out there were nothing more than its just share of the expenditure derived from the ordinary revenue from it-the land sales proceeds-and devoted by Acts of Par liament to the general benefit of other parts of the colony. He would point out that in reality the South-Eastern District had benefited but very little from the million of money derived from it. (Hear, hear.) Its chief population had been drawn from Victoria, and it was able to support ten times the population it had at present. Upon the question of rail ways he was personally, and he thought the majority of the colonists were, opposed to the Government making them as a speculation. If they were undertaken jat all it should be on a system of guarantee, as in India and other parts of the world ; but they were not .sufficiently advanced even for this. The North line through their most populous districts, the Treasurer had conclusively shown, was conferring no benefit upon them what ever, except simply accommodation. It was not necessary to show a 6 per cent, income derivable from a line, but it should be shown that there is a likelihood of receiving sufficient to keep it in proper repair. He thought if they had a scheme of stone road communication, giving a broader and more expensive road where required, and carrying out cheaper roads, as made by the District Councils, in the less populous districts, it would be what the South-Eastern District required. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Derrington had spoken of a scheme which he (Mr. Young) men tioned to the deputation a few days ago. He thought the Local Eoad Board should be placed in such a position now as to be able to go to any monetary individuals and ask for an advance equal to the amount that they could ask the Govern ment for as their fair share of the revenue from land sales at the end of the year. He had jrat forward this scheme solely with a view of meeting the objection which would naturally come from the Chief Secretary or the Treasurer, that the finances of the colony would not bear it; but he considered they might safely give the Local Board, whose zeal and efficiency had been testified to, funds to anticipate what the Government would give tnem on the 1st January, 1870. This would only be doing justice to the district, and it might be done in the way already alluded to-by the Government, instead of spend ing £600,000 on a railway line and paying £36,000 per annum-at the rate of 6 per cent.-handing over to the Board an amount equal to this interest, which would be nomorethan theexpensethat the coun try would be put to for interest on the larger sum. As to the question of Port f MacDonnell, he could not call it a good harbour, and he could' safely say the same for all the other harbours in; South Aus tralia, except the Port Adelaide Creek, but he thought it was the duty of the Government to improve it. It was evi dent that the population in that part of the district had only Port MacDonnell as an outlet for their produce, and even sup posing -that insurance, freights, and other expenses were higher there, the simple cost of the haulage from there overland to Lacepede Bay would be considerably more than the extra risk on shipping at Port MacDonnell. But this was not so. The insurance, freight, and other charges he , u knew from his own knowledge were the *7 same there as at any other port, and he was instrumental in some degree in getting South Australian ports placed npor^that footing. He need say no more I npon the subject, but would say that these steps were necessary for the good government of the colony, and he hoped means would be at once adopted to bring. | Melbourne and Adelaide within easy com munication. Mr. W. Kay had only within the last two or three days been asked by Mr. Riddoch and others, as Chairman of the Chamber of Commerce, to speak upon the ' subject of postal communication. It had I been before the Chamber several times, and there was but one unanimous feeling upon it. There was a very general opinion amongst the commercial public of the col ony that this large and important district -the South-Eastern District-required an amount of fostering care on the part of the Government which it had not received. (Hear, hear.) More particularly upon the subject of postal communication there were j two important questions which seemed to "? him could be taken -up'on it. First, they }ia4 a large and fine district separated to.1 some extent from ^ large portion of the colony by a tract of inhospitable territory, which, id their tiine at all events, would not be made much use of. It appeared to be the duty of the Government to find that ' route which would most rapidly connect that district with Adelaide. In addition to this there was the fact that their . over land communication with Melbourne must for all time' to come go through Mount Gambier country. This had been for some time a subject of debate between the Post Office authorities and the Chamber, and some months ago an alteration was made on the Melbourne side, shortening the time between there and Penola. It was more desirable to shorten the route between Adelaide and Penola, so as to do away with the great delay which at present existed, and make the journey through to Melbourne by the Wood's Wells line in about 68 hours. At present between four and five days were occupied, the mailleav 1 ing Adelaide on a Thursday, and not reach | ing Melbourne until Tuesday. He wasin formed that allowing a very moderate speed of seven andjp half miles an hour, the time from Adelaide to Penola could be reduced to 31J hours, making the whole time to Melbourne about three days. On behalf oi the mercantile community he respectful ly urged upon the Government the neces sity of immediate steps being taken to shorten the time between the South-East ern District and Adelaide, and also to reduce the time now occupied between Adelaide and Victoria. The Hon. W. Morgan appeared there more to represent the trading community of South Australia, and he wished to point out the importance of the South- Eastern trade to Adelaide. Whereas, some three or four years ago, nearly all the trade went to Victoria, now nine-tenths of it came to Adelaide. This was a fact worthy their serious attention. He .should not attempt to argue the question of railways against macadamized roads, because he apprehend ed that the views of the inhabitants of the district, which were in favour of the latter, were entitled to great weight with the Government, as they were the opinions of a representative Conference; aud a great argument in favour of the construction of stone roads, whici? would suit the require ments of the district, was that used by Mr. Hinckley, who stated that £500 or £600 per mile would be sufficient. (Mr. Hinck ley-"Reduced width.") His own view was rather in favour of a railway; but with a fact like this before him, he could not pretend to say it would be best. He had had some experience with regard to the overland route to Melbourne, and the practical effect of it was that the South Australian mail got to Penola at 10 or 11 a.m., the mail for Melbourne having left at 5-o'clock the same morning, eo that a pass | enger had to wait from Saturday to Mon day. He thought there were good grounds i why the Government should accede to the oequest of the deputation to improve the harbdur at Port MacDonnell. He. had | been connected with an insurance office for 10 years, and bad as the port was, there j was no difficulty in getting - marinej risks j upon vessels. He sympathized with the I object of the deputation, and would impress | on the Government that the South-East ern District had good claims upon them. The Attorney-General (lion. H. B. T. Strangways)-What is the average cost of road metal per cubic yard, stacked at the roadside ? Mr. Hinckley-About 5s. 66. a yard. The Chief Secretaay (Hon. J. T. Bagot) thanked the deputation for the information they had given him respecting the South East. There could be nodoubt that upon an important question like this it was desi rable the Government should have infor mation, and he was pleased to receive it from gentlemen so well connected with the interests of the district. "The next remark* he should make was to assure them that the Government could not make any pro mises at the present moment. The depu tation came up to urge certain matters upon the Government, and they bad teen put forward very ably by the gentlemen who had spoken. At the same time the Government-would have to give these sub jects their consideration in connection with other parts of the colony before they could make any special promises. It had been said that a former Government had made promises which were not carried out; he should be very sorry for the present Gov ernment to do the'same, and whatever promises they made he hoped would be performed. (Hear, hear.) As far as the railway was concerned, from what he had heard from the deputation he' believed the people wished to do without it. The Gov ernment had abandoned one of the lines from Lacepede Bay to the Border-and as far as the other was concerned, this was'for the consideration of the Government. He was sorry the gentlemen who composed the deputation, in stating what they wanted in the South-East, had not taken notice of the important drainage works, which he believed would be of considerable advan tage to the district, and lor which the Gov ernment ought to have some credit given them for carrying out. Mr. Hinckley observed that he consid ered it a Government speculation for the purpose of selling the land. The Chief Secretary-A portion of the proceeds of the land. would be expended in the district, therefore it waB an advan tage to them as well as to the Government. -They could not look upon it as a specula tion of the Government, because they were not in a position to speculate, and Govern ments did not generally speculate. Mr. Umpherston remarked that they came to the Government with the question of roads mainly; but if the Government would look at the matter, they - would see that if this land did not realize an amount over the upset price, it was really a bad speculation. The Chief Secretary knew that it was not the intention of the deputation to urge any particular road, as was frequently done, but they wished the whole district to be benefited. fHear, hear.) Therefore he looked upon ^ the drainage .works being carried out in an important part of the district as an advantage to the whole. No doubt the deputation had made out a strong case, and as the South-Eastern people wished to have ordinary roads instead of railways the Government would consider that question very seriously, as also the handing, over the money to the Local Board. Ifthe Government borrowed the South-East would get the benefit of it, but it was impossible now to give any answer to the scheme proposed by Mr. Derring ton and Mr. Young, to borrow a large sum of money for disposal in the South* East District, and deduct it from the land revenue. He promised on the part of the Government that they would take this into consideration with the other matters which had been laid before them. With regard to the establishment of a Land Office, he knew there was a promise originally made to that effect, but in the short time this Government had bgen ip office they had not lost sight of it. (Hear.) As to the question urged by Mr. Kay, the Govern ment had stated on a former occasion that they were prepared to call for tenders tor the conveyance of the mails by Wood's Wells, instead of the present line. The matter was referred to the Postmaster General, but it appeared advisable to wait until June, 1869, as to make a change now would require a considerable outlay. The Government were, however, anxious to facilitate, communication between this and the other colony, and would endeavour to carry out the wishes of the commercial community. They had not altogether lost sight of the interests of the South-Eastern District, having introduced a Circuit Court Bill for the more speedy disposal of their prisoners. (A laugh.) He did not think there was anything more, but he thanked them for their information, and said most sincerely, that the Government would give their consideration to the questions brought before them. Mr. Riddoch. wished to point out that, although £40,000 seemed a large amount to ask for roads, it would be placing them on a footing with the other Board, and half the amount derived from the sales of land in the colony came from the district. A strong feeling seemed to be gaining ground that the interests- of the district had been sacrificed to the interests of a few in.other parts of the colony. The Treasurer (Hon. H. K. Hughes) would be glad to have a decided answer from the deputation upon one question, which the gentlemen appointed by the Conference would be perhaps qualified to assist the Government in . arriving at a decision upon. Mr. Reynolds' motion now before the House pressed upon the Government the immediate necessity of carrying out what he termed a connecting line between Poit Caroline and MacDon nell Bay by way of Narracoorte. Mr. Reynolds's professed to know more about the South-East than most of them, and he would like to have a decided expression of opinion as to whether Mr. Reynolds ex pressed the views of the district, or whether the views of the deputation were at variance with his. Mr. Riddoch said Mr. Hinckley had gone most' fully into the matter, and was largely interested in Narracoorte, which, would be benefited most by the line. He would siiy what the feeling of the people was there. - Mr. Hinckley said there was a good metalled road part of the way from MacDonnell Bay to Narracoorte, but there were two pieces of the road which required making-one at Tarpeena, and the other at a swamp called the Slough of Despond. This would bo more expensive than £500 a mile, but when these pieces were made there would be good communication at all seasons of the year. The Conference, as a general principle, wished not to take any particular part into consideration, but they went upon general grounds, and wished to have good internal communication provided for the South-East. Mr. Riddoch having thanked the Chief Secretary, the deputation then withdrew. 