ANGLIHG. THE HEW BRSEIH THE YARRA. BI PIKE. Ike fiery cross had Sashed athwart the hori zon of the angling fraternity last week, and the word was paned from month to moath thst tfeere woe bream In the Yam nearly as far up as the bawn. Bach a finishing np of rods and sorting of fines took place as the news acquired currency ! The folk* at the fatiif* ihopi ww at their wits' ends trying to supply bait, the demand was so great. Whflepaasing the <Ad readexeen in Littb Colline-street ,1 lllmiml a knot of the regular <M etagen, and they were all talking "fish." Of coarse I joined fix crowd, sad I aJ*o caoghi the feTer. A little Kid bad told a etory of eereral fabulous fcanb having been got doling the preceding few dayi, and thus the commotion. I had . PTT1 that it was what ia called oa the *tT"£* * "stqrekeeperf rush," got tip by the whose exchequers aeon to be at avoy low ebb at present. Bat that waa no Matter; we lad got the distemper, and the -most be taken. On Thursday last half-a-doxes of a went down to the place to see if there was any troth in the re port. We commenced operation* jast opposite the gasworks. A few casta were quite enough to prure that it was not there where the fish wve, and our only consolation waa a good sniff of the pcrfmne from the bone-mill close haodj, and the loss of a few hooks and bottoms. Then we got the office from a tcij tiktj but obliging man that the fish were farther up the rirer. It did not require mach jiiriwkm to induce as to shift from where we . were, ao np the rirer we went. About a quarter of a mBe farther on we came up to oar old friend Biriwls, who was as busy as a bee pdDing out fish-and throning them back And so the murder was oat. It was Wuite true that time was say number of fish m the lirei, bet the majority of them were of «adi ft rise that no one but an inreterate pot . lobster would think of putting them into his fedcet. The majority were about three-ounce Ul Certainly there wcreafow larger,bat only in Howerer^ as we woe there, it was just as well to toy oizr bid: ;bat nothing did we get save amall fry.At last my TWflmjan friend got a good bite; be struck brokly, and booked something beavy(ifnot ETely. "What hare you got there, MacF" "Faith I don't know; Ha mighty heaTy, and it wtxgli be an eel." Up it came abnrty bat sorely, amid intense excitement. ? "We3,«id chip, what is it?" "Only " enoo^i wool to make a suit of clothes P We all had a good laagfrftt Mac's fish. A few fnwntrs later! got a pretty smart touch, and . . «n«mfh I had booked some˚ of the aame order from the bottom. I thought to keep . S gipe^ and *ss reeling up unconcernedly like, , . wbautng m Jirely air as an accompaniment. BatjtwaaiJl^fBoaTaiL It was ouily to be , - seen that I was banging borne more than I ibgev pa^iba' the stain oa any rod nearly t bent it double. " You're got the thumping .lnckto Jisrenieh^ ferine haul, and ns poor derils doitf nothin' at all," said Faddy. "Ob, yewfotpJwfc, you. old duffer; I suppose I ^0 (^£pid of jam last renttire." " What I» JtflowP^ MsflJbp. ,"A pair of trousers from . tittbpdaf tiie rirer, asirue as gospel" "Oh! \ .t .gajgiitft durty bed that same, for it smells Is tbere a man in them ?" He jwttwit ghosted, for the stink (£ * ""Jl* *mjpoat ^bominah.le,snd , . !.» pretty pyr hook JfoUJtttnefit jtHe^ tbe iriper again ipfe for aoouple jl liwse^ftefl.fe^^lly: HWfced ofxiolets fc. »w«*h^*ppi5a»(» mutt' HWs), I;; i j tbittfc ifjtne"' wharf . was te keepia i^^matteboOoniifJ ff«r^n®twadwyT jUrtJflb.itheb ,9§ pxtevtrntime, «>*»& ... ... «wty; I »|s*«e a^ieafcledj w&s;*m ^^^reeioij ^ jut below, when the water hurries on, it itdw mwduog jut below the raHiw, ia4 brancbee ofij forming two ttdet of an aogie; Within tbof lines it the humt of s speckled beMj. Two or three uneoocecefal aod at last my zaaj-Bj has glided into the sacred precincts; there is a swirl on the surface, and away it went down into the deep pool below the willows, sad while I *«i fighting him there I woke up-beard my fire ?spasmodic torn, and I had succeeded in booking s Imam about ?ixotmccs! That was quit* enough for me, so I pot op my traps and toddled home. Ibe largest takes which I have heard of ban bees about eix or seren pounds weight of fish, running from four onsen op to half . psaad, ?nd until there is something much better than thattobehad tocompeoate for the kxeof innu merable books and botton, I will sot be found taking a change of air in the rkanitj of the gtsworfa. Ksere haTe been some tctt fine bream takes down at W iUiamricwii at the Breakwater and the Bail way-pier this week. Mr. MoeUer ma oteded in lazidirg a very handsome fish, which weighed dose on four pounds. Several other gentlemen woe also very eoesesfol, especially oa Wednesday and Thursday last. Tbe great drawback < to this place is the difScultj which the angler finds in landing he fish on die pier, as they hare to be lifted at least tea feet from the surface of the water. A boat k almost necessary here. Tbe members of the Anglers' Protective Sodety will bear in mind that tbe anneal meet ing of the society is to be beld on Monday next, at four pjnn at the ofaee of the Acclima tisation Society, in Swanfton-stneet- The principal business wiQ be the election of office bearers for the ensuing year. As this is a very important matter, it would be Ma well if aH who can would attend. 