THE MAIN TRUNK LEAD. TO THE EDITOB OF THE STAB. Once more, sir, I venture to address you on tins momentous subject. The writings in thc £"'^ Journal o£ the lltli inst., treating of _ the conflicting north-west and .southern theories, incite me to . farther exposition of the grounds upon which my belief in the latter is based. 1 am aware that m dis easing a subject of this nature it is difficult to prevent some appearance of dogmatism from cropping out. 1 therefore apologise at the outset for any transgressions of that kind. I n a former, letter I essayed a bi lef and imperfect outline of the more prominent geographical features of primeval Ballarat. I attempted to show that according to my understanding of the principles involved—by which all theoretical propositions worthy of attention must be governed—the river system ot the period converged from north, east, and west, tail ing southward from the line of the watershed; and further, that until it wan made reasonably apparent thatatsomcpoint south of the John Bull claim, the an cient valley of the Leigh formed a perfect cul dcsac m other terms, that the line of the watershed intersected it from range to range—the north-west theory mu.vt, in my opinion, be regarded as utterly untenable. It is, perhaps, superfluous to suppose that any one acquainted with physical geography would advocate the existence of two outlets to the Lallaral basin. Pli discussion of such an hypothesis, raised on Captam Speke's discovery of the source of the ^ile, by the most distinguished geographers of Europe, may suiely be held as conclusive against so very remote a possi bilitv. The conclusions towards winch wc are leu, then, as well by the demonstrative evidence we qre possessed of as through induction, appear to me to ■confirm the belief of the southern theorists. Before proceeding further, however, I beg leave to point out to my fellow-laborers in amateur geology, who write and report upon the north-west course of the ancient Yarrowee, the evident misapprehension of the elornen tarv part of the theory under which they appear to labor. Treating of the rocks which underlay and hem, as it were, the basaltic strata, the term "silurian" seems, to run through their reports and writings as something fundamental. No doubt there is a fine, seductive, scientific smack: about it, implying, so to speak, an easy acquaintance with the physical history of the earth; ' rapping, as it were, the multifarious ghosts of long-departed tnlo bites; of placoids, ancestors of Port Jaclcson sharks; of leutaculiferous cephalopoda and molluscous bracliiopods; of bryazoa, gastropods, and lamelli branchid, dear to lovers of real" natives or bydney rocks;" also of echinodermata, contemptuous of life and limb; of asteroids and crinoids; of polypana, or zoophytes; and likewise some amorpliozod (see Lard ner a Popular Geology,. No. 14G); the List named genus being absolutely indcstructible, abounding e\ en at this day in the composite formation of lower Sturt street and elsewhere. The unqualified application of the term, however, to the schistose rocks of the Bal larat basin would appear to be erroneous. It lias never been my fortune to discover, nor in the cour.sc of .an extended inquisition has it been^ demon strated to me, that any _ one _ has discovered the vestiges of organic life in tliese rocks. From this negative testimony, then, we may assume that they are of older origin than the pahcosoie strata of geologists. Properly, they_ belong to the liypozoie or transition group, and rest immediately on the Plutonic or igneous rocks. The geological history of the Ballarat district is therefore of the simplest character. There are no discordances of stratification to confuse the uninitiated in geological science, lior demanding the rare discrimination of the naturalist to determine the order of_ superposition. Nor are there marked traces of any violent disturbances, which would appear to have materially altered its physical conformation, subsequent to the determination of the river system. And thus we may suppose, without violating probability, that the outline of the schistose formation around us closely resembles that which it assumed when it was raised from the primeval seas, in the earliest stages of the geological history of the earth. The modifications of contour, pro duced by the action of the atmosphere, and by mechanical abrasion, have been, as wo may conjecture, of a homogeneous _ surface, relatively uniform. According to these views the general declination was then, as now, to the south. It follows, of necessity, that the main water channels ■would be worn out ill that direction, and that the comparatively recent volcanic overflows would be re ceived and moulded by the contemporaneous cast, as it were, of the country. The superior slopes of the ancient valleys I regard as indices, not ;is contradic tions, to those now covered by the volcanic rocks. I would here reiterate that the basaltic rocks over spreading the country in the direction of the " north west passage" does not present the close and massive structure oj the southern streams. Observed with re ference to analagous formations in other districts, it would seem to be comparatively thin, and probably the latest effort of the eruptive forces, accompanied or immediately succeeded by the final discharges of the ashes and scoruc which now overlie it. The southern theory is further strengthened by the apparently undisturbed flow of the several compact streams of lava along the ancient river - bed. No appreciable traces are now existing of any obstruction to their uniform south ward flow. It is, indeed, impossible to conceive the marvels of structure that would have been presented to us had these semifluid torrents encountered any barrier significant enough to have formed part of the ancient watershed. The precise locality the north west theorists would assign to that geographical para dox—the salient point, indeed, of their position—is a matter of comparative indifference. But it is necessary that it be invested with an importance sufficient to give some ail- of probability to their speculations—say an alti tude of 200 feet above the river lead. A minor signi ficance would, in my opinion, explode the whole ar gument, and reduce it to the inadmissible proposition of a double outlet. It will not, probably, be disputed that the valley or basin so dissevered was instantly " deep" as well behind as in front of the intersecting watershed. After the earlier streams of lava, therefore, had filled up the supposed north-west main channels, those ejected by succeeding eruptions, approaching the valley of the Leigh in extended sheets, rapidly losing mobility, must have poured over the obstruction in a fiery cataract. A Niagara of the amazing character and stupendous proportions thus suggested to the mind would, of a truth, have left to us a testimony and a spectacle which defy imagination. The pro position put forward in contravention of the southern theory—that the primary Yarrowee, trending to the north and west from Cobblers or from the D urham, was in post- dilurian ages, so to speak, stemmed by the suc cessive fields of basalt and its current reversed to the south, thus accounting for the auriferous drifts found to trend in that direction—seems to me to be entirely visionary. Any such proposition must descend from the realms of fancy within the scope of inductive reasoning, or command the support of extended demon strative testimony, before it can be admitted ;is a possible theorem. Any anomalous appearances of that nature in other fields, however curious to the miner, in his slow and laborious explorations, and provocative of wonder, will be found probably to be attributable to merely local diversities of the ancient surface, and simple of interpretation. "Why, indeed, should we adduce specious inconsisten cies of nature in support of our speculations? Again, sir, if our assumptions on this subject do not soar with too lofty a flight to be reached by the mere matter-of fact of subterranean drudgery—if we do not claim an immunity from the laws of ratiocination—we must concede to the actual knowledge we are possessed of the weight due to its extent, oven if wc differ in the inferences Ave draw from it. It appears to me that our underground explorations are worthy of a higher consideration than has been bestowed on them. All the demonstrative evidence generalised from these works points to the south as the course of the ancient Yarrowee. The general dip of the lead, as opened up Ijy the line of claims extending from Sturt street to Cobblers, be it Golden Point or not, is admitted, I may venture to say proved, to be to the south. No one acquainted with the workings of the several companies still south of Cobblers,, can entertain any doubt about the continuance of the lead in that direction. I will confess, indeed, that I now write in the possession of accurate information establishing this point. The few breaks, moreover, in the chain of workings, extending for more than ten miles (being one-fifth part of the whole course of the Yarrowee) in that direction, are merely insignificant, and to the general question it would lie a meanness to take them into account. Our speculations are yet again fettered by the explorations of the lower Yarrowee, or Durham Lead, extending for a distance of from eight to ton miles farther south. Our knowledge, therefore, of the course of the ancient stream, although in some degree desultory, as we arc aware, embraces ail extent of nearly twenty miles, or one-tliird part, of the coeval stream. I do not desire, however, to lie understood as ascribing identical limits to their respective courses. In the face of evidence of this massive character, it seems to me that the north-west theory is simply grounded on pleasant surmise rather than upon induc tive reasoning; and that, too, in defiance of demon strative testimony. It lias been commonly reported, and turned to the advantage of that theory, that in the workings of the No. '& Consols mine the deepest ground yet touched in the Golden Point Lead has been discovered, and that the reefs indicate a bend of the lead to the west. In my former communica tion I expressed an opinion that a junction of the Golden Point Lead with a superior stream, flowing probably from the Great North-West southward, would haply take place somewhere in that locality. The westerly trend of the reefs, therefore, taken of it self fairly balances the two theories pending further explorations. The deeper ground, practically con sidered, may be a crabliole, or one of the deep reaches which are of frequeut occurrence in the ancient rivor bed, and which, although troublesome and, it may be, perplexing to the miner in the comparatively limited field of his operations, • are not to be assumed as indicating the general dip of a gutter. Considered, however, as a corner pillar of the north-west theory, we must insist upon a continuous depth sufficient to carry off the drainage from the Bonshaw. A comp : :son of the respective levels of that company, and oi the Consuls Company at their No. 1 shaft—the only data of which I am at all sure—will help us to a conclusion oil that point, thus: —Depth of the bed of gutter at No. 2 shaft of Bon shaw, 2% feet; rise of the surface thence to Consols No. shaft, 3 52 feet; depth of workings at that shaft, 418 feet. The depth required in the Consols No. 1 workings is therefore 41S feet to place them on a level with the Bonshaw. Add to that 15 feet, being about or within the ascertained dip of the lead to the south between the two points, and a total depth of •1G3 feet on the Consols workings is necessary to ac comodate the north-west theory. I would further re mark that the harder bars of reef encountered, gene rally speaking, when the leads intersect the clearage at an obtuse angle in narrow channels, and forming crabholes and deep reaches, afford an additional evidence of the course of the ancient stream. In my experience of these I have observed that the heavier deposits occur in front, or to the north of the obstruction, more especially when they are sharply defined. The sand banks thrown out on the reefs are also to be found in the positions in which the eddying of the stream, caused by an obstruction in its south ward course, would naturally deposit them in the im mediate vicinity, and rather in front of the bar. I am not aware that these marks have commanded the close attention of our miners; but my own observa tions have firmly impressed me with the opinion that a heavy current swept the ancient valley of the Leigh from north to south. In conclusion, sir, I would shortly allude to the great difficulty every one must have experienced in obtaining accurate information on these subjects. It is, indeed, surprising that we should yet be quite destitute of any institution of a character similar, as an instance, to that of the civil engineers. I aui persuaded that a mining institute would be of infinite advantage to the miner, to the engineer, and to the investor. It would be a permanent stimulant to the intelligence of all engaged in the pursuit. But that I may not further abuse your courtesy, I content myself with the simple suggestion, in the hope that our leading miners and engineers may approve and give substance to it. Ivoh-i-jNook. 