ME. MONTGOMERY'S ROYAL RECITALS. Friday, July 31. It scarcely needed the announcement of Mr. Montgomery's complimentary benefit to attract a full house for Friday evening. His season is drawing too near a dose for the public to lose an opportunity of hearing him. There has been a regular gradation of increase in the audiences, and last night this progressive movement reached its climax. The capacity of the room fdied, and after all the available space had been taken possession of numbers had to go away disappointed of being able even to Becure a foot of standing ground. What the attendance to-day at the afternoon and evening performances will be it is not difficult to conjecture. Judging from analogy, there will be scores abso lutely excluded from the enjoyment of Mr. Mont gomery's exquisite elocution. The bill was a very choice and a very comprehensive one. It comprised extracts from no less than eleven authors. It included "grave and gay, the lively and severe," besides ranging over the intermediate domain. The solemn lessons conveyed in Young's meditation on the "thief of time" in Longfellow's "Day Done" were varied by an admirable selection from "Antony and Cleopatra." Byron's graphic account of the field of Waterloo had for its companion Tennyson's reflections on a cold, haughty, aristocratic beauty, as represented by Clara de Yere. Recollections of the rollicking Ingoldsby humour of the "Jackdaw of Rheims" faded away in the all absorbing interest excited by the tinkling, tolling, chiming, rolling, throbbing, moaning of Poe's "Bells." Mrs. Hemans's simple but eloquent commentary on the palm-tree was the introduc tion to Pope's wonderful portrait of the dying Christian, with his perplexity changing to astonish ment, and his astonishment breaking into ecstacy as he scans the prospect which his lively faith holds out of a future state of existence supernal in bliss. In striking contrast there succeeded the de- ' lightful little manuscript morceau, "Will you j Marry a Parson," and the irresistibly entertaining 1 story of " Shamus O'Brien" finished the pro gramme. The audience were delighted, and all the more so because seats had been found for all who had been able to make good their entry. Saturday, August I. The last of the six farewell nights came off on Saturday, and Mr. Montgomery previously dis appointed his admirers by not announcing, in the usual dramatic style, a few more "positively last nights." The farewell he said so gracefully will not, we trust, be a long one, but that it was a farewell there could he no doubt. If anything could have moved him to Telent it would have been the two splendid houses he had on Saturday. That in the afternoon was of the peculiar kind which re porters are sometimes obliged to distinguish j by the contradictory titles of "large and select." The programme had been selected for "little people," but the adults did not require to wish themselves young again in I order to enjoy it. "Little Jim" more tnanful- I filled the guarantee of the reader in "evoking secret tears," while Ben Battle and the Blooms bury Christening made many a side ache. The last house and the last programme of the series were mutually complimentary. 3 here was not the overpowering crush of Friday; but there was a full room, and each of the many hundred faces upturned toward the reader encouraged him with that best of all flattery—attention. The spell of his voice was never so obvious, nor could criticism be more completely disarmed. Apart from that, Mr. Montgomery has taken the sting ont of the critics by drugging them with their own hyperbole. Till we heard him on Saturday we never conceived it possible that he could even digest half the praise they have lavished upon him. He has not only been gracious enough to appreciate it, but he has made such a return that the balance seems to be decidedly against the critics. Henceforth modesty wiil compel us to content ourselves with recording Mr. Montgomery s recitations as an art connoisseur would catalogue his Titians and his Da Vincis. On Saturday the Shaksperian gallery comprised two scenes from "Hamlet"—the advice to the players, and the churchyard. The latter, which is generally considered Mr. Montgomery's best im personation of Shaksperian humour, had two mag nificent counterparts in "Wolsey's Farewell" and a dialogue from "Macbeth." Of the miscellaneous selection all but one were i repetitions, namely, "The Bells," Tennyson's "'Albert the Good." "The Bridge of Sighs," "Ben Battle." and "The Smiths at Home." The ex ception is to be a secret between Mr. Montgomeiy and his audience until Tuesday night, when a peculiar experiment is to be made with it. Before introducing "The Smiths," Mr. Montgomeiy did the valedictory business—neatly, humorously, and \- effectively, as be always does. He thanked those present, and the citizens of Adelaide generally, for their kindness to him. It had been a source of unalloyed enjoyment to him during his stay, and had, moreover, provided him with a comfortable balance at his banker's—for a souvenir. His only regret seemed to be th£t he had not had a newspaper to bully and abuse him. after the style of the Melbourne Age. They had all been most erudite as well as enthusiastic in 'their eulogy; but Mr. Montgomeiy showed that the seed had not fallen on barren ground. During the evening he made several very appropriate and well- turned allusions to the charitable entertain ment announced for the following Tuesday. Mb. Montgomery at the Pobt. The Port Adelaide Town Hall hassel om con tained such a brilliant audience as on Monday evening on the occasion of Mr. Walter Mont gomery's recitals. A very attractive programme was presented, andeachpiecewasattentivelylistenedto. The talented artist fully bore out the high reputa \- tion he had earned in other places, and was heartily -applauded. An amusing incident occurred whilst he was reciting "The Bella." He was describing the funeral bells when the clock in the tower struck 9, and its tones echoing through the room iormed a curious accompaniment to the reciter's voice. At its conclusion he good-humouredly re \- marked that it was a long time since be had met with such a severe bit of criticism. In addition to \- the pieces named in the programme he also gave Hood's " Ben Battle" and " Mary's Ghost," which : caused much amusement. At the close he ex pressed his intention of giving another entertain -meut at the Port before leaving the celony. Mb. Montgomery and the Local Chabities. Tuesday, August 4. The crowded house which Mr. Montgomery saw before him on Tuesday night must have been more gratifying than any of its predecessors. It had a higher meaning; fer it was not merely a compli ment to himself as an artist, but it was a warm recognition of his benevolent motives. Acts of charity are under any circumstances too rare among professionals not to he appreciated, but this one has been performed so spontaneously and gracefully as to double its value. Mr. Montgomery had never a warmer reception, nor did he ever seem so stimulated to do his best. The external applause added to the internal consciousness of doing good seemed to act upon him like an in spiration. The programme contained many established favourites, which only require to be mentioned in order to recall vivid impressions of their effect. There was a predominance of the pathetic, hat that state of mind may have been deemed best suited to the occasion. The beautiful scene between Hubert and Arthur abounded in that most genuine and sweetest of all pathos—the child-like. "The Seven Ages," "Hamlet's Soliloquy on Death." and "The Disgrace of Cassio" completed the Shaksperian selections. The miscellaneous part was exceedingly varied; an advantage which had one grave drawback—it made the time pass very quickly. The mingled chime of "The Bells" passed away in tne laughter evoked by our old Ingoldsby friend—"The Little Vulgar Boy." The touching elegy of "Little Jim" had its effect intensified rather than marred by contrast with the serio-comic lament of "Mary's Ghost." In the "Address to the Mummy" and "The Charge of the Light (Brigade" Mr. Montgomery showed his mastery of two opposite styles of elocu tion—the reflective and the declamatory. There was, of course, unlimited applause dispersed through the intervals. Before beginning bis last recitation Mr. Mont gomery thanked the audience for their response to is invitation, and promised to give them a good account of his stewardship. A hint which he dropped on another subject appeared to be still more gratifying than tbe thanks. He said that be might be able to postpone some of his Victorian engagements so as to allow him to devote one or two nights more to Adelaide. If he can we feel asssured that he will be no loser by so doing. The following memorandum, which we have re ceived from Mr. Montgomery, gives the result of his reading on Tuesday night on behalf of the three local charities:—"The gross receipts of last evening's recitals amount to £89 3s., to which I have added a trifle and divided them—£50 to the Orphan Home, £31 to the Benevolent and Strangers' Aid Society, and £10 to the Servants' Home. This arrangement should, I think, give general satisfaction." 