COLONIAL EXTRACTS. TnE FowEns OF MUNIOIPXL COUNcCILS, A point of much Importance to municipali. ties was raised on Friday in the District Court; by Mr. S. C. Brown, during tihe bearing of the case Davis v. the Paddington Borough Council, for wrongful dismissal. Thei plaintiff had been ea.ployed as Council Clerk .under agrcemo:e:t, terminable by a month's notice on either side. Mr. Biown contbnded that under the provisions of the Municipalitics Act of 1807, the dismissal of a council clerk, or any of its servants, by a Borough Council, was fiual; that this powcer had been vested in Municipal Coun cils by the Legislaturo, and that the dis missed servant could not righitly bring his action for damages for wrongful dismissal in the courts of laws. Tihe question of right and wrong in dismissing a municipal ser. vant, ho maintaiuned, rested entirely in the power and tldiscrtion of the council, and, therefore, it was a. matter in which the court could not interfere. If this were not tihe true intention of'the Legislature, as lihe believed it was, every dismissed municipal servant could bring his action for wrongful dismissal, and throw the onus of pioof on the Borough Contcil. Mr. District Judge Simpson held a contrary opinion, after mit. ture consideration, ?aintainiing thatt n,, clause in the Mlunicipialities Act of I807 deprived adismissed municipal servant of his right to bring hieaction at common lIw for wrorigfil dismissal, if hIo felt himiselfl' so aggrieved. HIis Hionor adniitted thel'point to bho one of much imnportance, but that his own minld was clear upon it. Mr. Broswn gave notice of appeal against his Honor's decision on this point, and the case will be arranged for Ihearing in the Supreme Court early next Torm,--Bempire. RO'IT'oESTANT POLITIOAL ASSOCIATION.- The usual weeklly meeting of this associa. tion was hold on Friday evening, at the Bathui'st.strcot School-room ; the Presi dent in the chair. The ininutes of the last meeting were read and confirmed; the Council's report was also read, whichl stated that the recent picnic had resulted in placing about £100 to thie erodit of the funds of the assooiation. Amongst the now can. didates for membership were Mr. William 'Vial and his son, who were specially called in, and admitted'with greaontapplause, The ePrcsident addressed tihe members upon the subject of the forthcoming municipall elec. tions, and referred to tei conduct of two of ths candidates who Ihad fallen away fioom their allegiance to the socioty, and wiho had slighted them at a time when it was most oecessry they should be staonch, fiols of namr.) Messrs. Kidman 'and tWoods,. he could not help mohtioning, were the parties ho referred to. Mr. Davies, sonior, alluded to somo attempts that Ihad 'bbon mado to injure hiin in the eyes of the 'phb lio with relerenco to a lecture that had l+en kindly proffered to be given on lii. behalf, Ho thought it would bo more manly t'o no. buse him at a mooting ofth.o nssooitiaon, aind not get behinld his bac: to injure htim by misrepresentatiomn. The Presicdeint rc. ferrcd to the lecture that was to Ie given on iM r, Davies' behalf, and hoped thie mom. bars would all take tickets and liatroniso it., ..~*~B Tiho vicechairman referred to the deputa tions alleged to have waited upon gentle men to oppose the present Ministry : and reiterated n former statement hlie had made, that he had nothing to do with deputations, xecpt that which had waited upon Mr. Clarke. Hie knew nothing of any other. Mfr. Addison advocated the appointmanent of a lelcturer, to be sent through the counlry. The President announced the death.of Mr. Torning, junior, a member of the associa tion, and he trusted the membersr would attend his funeral. Upon this it was moved--That, out of respect for his memory the meeting do at onlce adjourn. This was resolved uplon, and; a verse of the National Antihem having been sung, the meeting adljourned.-Em?pjire. TIANSPA'JLAANXNG TlEES I'N THIU NIoHT,. A gentleman anxious to ascertian the eflbet of transplanting t night (says the Maitlandl Nercury) instead of in the tday, made an exper'iment with the fbllowring result:--lie transplanted ten cherry trees while in bloom, commenciing at, o'clock in the after. noon, and trnasplahting one eachl hour un til 1 in the mornissg. Those transplanted during daylight shed their bIlossoms, pro ducing little or no fruit: while those planted during tihe darier portions main rained theiri condition fully. iHe did the samen with ten dwarf pear trees, after the fruit was onc.thlird grown. Those trans planting during the day shed their fruit; those transplhnted during the iighit jer. fected thleir crop, and showed 5o injury from hIaving been removed. With each of these trees he removed some earth with the roots. The incideist is fully vouched fo'r; iand, if a few more similar experiments pro. duce tihe same result, it will be a strong argument to hlorticultralists, gardeners, and, fisuit growers to do such work entirely at night. F10i0T WITA A SNAKuE.-Oni Saturday evening (says the Southern.' Argyts) i soa of Michael Delau3, aoged 10, who resides with his father n Mir. Zouech's frim at the Yass Hiver, was, while working in a field on tihe bank of tihe river, attacked by as huge ssnake, swhich caught hold of hIis trousers at thie Ikneeoo and took a piice of thousway. The cries of the lad attracted sovell ipor sons, and his father was the first to come to his asssilstance, whso upon lhearinig his son cry out "i a snake," saeized a large hoe and ran up; but as he came near the place, the snakeo becamno fulriously mad, anld rushed iat the fither. A regular battle now took planeoo betwoeen the fatler and the snaike, As he would nmake a blosw with the hoe at the snake, it would taIue aspring aisd leap higher than his head, twisting itself into varslious attitudes, thus bespeaeking the mian. nor in which it was enraged, After seven or eight filso blows, Dolanaoy succeeded in disabling the monster, which lwhen tilled ineaisureld a little over eight feet, and was of the brown species: It is believed that the eausd of the snako's ainger and disposi. tion to show fight was occasioneds by its nest Ihaving been disturbed on the previous day and the eggs broken. We believe that this snake imakso thie ninth tlhat hlas beesn iilled near the same place this year. TIXE LATEST ABOUT COUN'T e'ON A.cTTEa1S, -A friend who had an isesrier w with a passenger fr'om Cape York, has comasmuni. cated tile followring to tl adaitone Obser. ver:--Theo ]amilet's Ghost, with the slurious Count on board, put into Somerset (Unpelo Yorkli), oni or about tlue 15th of August. On being boarded by the police boat, he made inscuiries as to whether a figlate hadl arrivetld there, and on being answered in the stlral'stive becisale agi. toted andl eagerly inqsuired about her moove ments, but appeared' reliev'ed wheni told that the vessel. was Ii, I. S. Varigo, andi that oshe had left t ho settlement in January. Hle remainled eight days, and during the whole time Ikept a bright lookl out for vessels in thels oting, The eaptaisl sinl crerow was dischsarged in consequence of a row between tho " Count" and the esaptasi, in which revolvers were drawn. The crewc refused to put the eaptaili inl irons, It ap penars lthat the Codt'nt had Iept them iiin wo by thrdatleing, to give them trwenty.five lashes a ilieco whven lie feIll in with the A.us. trins fr'igate he was lhvays expecting, Thu Acting Police Miagiistrato induced tie orow to ro.sl:ip under a fo'eshl agireement, all burt the captain and stewarld, walo relmained be. hind. While in port thie Cont wars alwvya. dressed iii thIe uniform of an Ausitrian captain of the orivalry, and Wore a sword wlnonon shore, I-io made a great display of the money he ihad with him, and put.r posely left hills ofoxuhango lyihg about hlis cabin fobr visitors to soe, musy of which awore filled in for largo amounts, and only wanted his aignataure, H1 succeeded in ilposilng upon thl authorities, taking sup. plies for his vessel and paying for' them in ills; whieh thie holdors wi all doubtless dis. eover are about ns viluablelo as drafts upon Aldgato puimp, Among those lroe Woere swindlodaro two naturalista, one named Thropo, Tihe Count bought birds, &o.;,, froin them, to the amount of about £80, ibult some slight comlaunotion must have touched him, for, contrairy to cusatom, hlie paid them half cash and half s bill, "o sailed for nBatavia on the eiglith day, leaving letters for tho aptain oft' the Austrlian fligato and his ban?lkersin Sydneyl Th'o frigate wars ordered to follow him onl to Trimor. Thile captain hel has with hisis is one 'Aunsti, lato'ssistor of she brig Ielliancre, alwhich was wrecked oni the Solbmonl Group. lie was pieked up ond brought into Boson, ?honie his shipped as mato on bioard tho liHamlot's Ghost. Two days iafter sihe left Somerset, tne schooner Captain Cook arrived from Bowon, with a warrant for the arrest of the Count. DUalnIno ATTtEMPT TO ESCAPEI PRO. CUSe. ToDr.-On Saturday morning, at the Con. tral police Court, Albert Bourkec, alias Joo ragog, a young follow of 19, was being tried with others for robbing a drunken man on ilydo Park, wlhen, to the astonish ment of a crowded court, he rondo a leap to the top of thle d(lock, and" in ro time' scrnmbled over the plrtition which sepa. roates the dock fioom tihe court door. Ilar. ing succeeded thus for he mde ftbr Georve street, wlere he was met by senior.constable Thompson. ]iragg rusbhed at the ollcor like a bull-head down, andi tried to upset himn, but Thompsonnat once seized him by the thront and secuired him. When Itragg msdoe his escape froii the court a nrmber of constables gave chase, but lhad thile run. away nrot been met by Thompson they would have had little or no cherlce of over takiniiig him, as ho (Bragg) had taken off his boots, for tihe purpIose of" trying i, bolt." Bragg, although young, is an old offcnder. Not long ago ie was sentenced to two years hard labour for committing a burglary at Kecrnov's publio.house. -lie was thou arres tod by'.'lompson. Bragg was sent thenr to Parrnamatta goal, whore hle received several " floggiings" fbr hris insubordinate conduct. Hle was afterwards sent to Berrima goal wher ie I remnailned until his diocharge a short time ago. Ilis father is Ia frequent visitor at the " Government boarding. horuise," at Darlighllurst, and ihas nothler antl sister, two veryT:troublesome elharelne tore's mo now inurates of tlhat establishteunt. -Em~npire. .DEATH FROM. THE IITrE OF ArN TIS'ECT.- The inlquilry reslpeting the death of a mlan niimed Chrles Blytle, wa\s concluded on Saturday, by the City Coroner, at tie Albion HIotel, corner of Elizabetih a)d Camuplell streets, Aibout eight or tren diys ego deceased began to complatin of a pnl in oiie of his liingers. Thle lnt gradualilly extended up the arm arnd coss tlheo chest, and )was attended with ucolsidleablo swel ling in those parts; and on Pridey morn ing hIe wns found lying dead on thle floor of his room by hris son. Dr. Bell stated tlhat 11e w)1a calted uponl to see the deceased Ilast Sunduy everning ; deceased was then suf fering firom irritative fever, and comtplao, ed of lhaving been stung, as tie imlagined, on one of the fingers of the right landrt; lie oexaminod the finger, and found a vesicular mark albout thie size of a shilling, witlh a darkened partLch beneathl; inflammnatory symptoms extended up the arm and slhoul. der; he prescribed whnt te considered suitable remedica ; hie was not called s1poi algain until after deceased's death on Fri tiiy morning; on lmaking a post morteil crxamination of the body, he foulni no muark of violence, rexcept on one of tire fingers of the right hiand, anrd which presented a giani grenous apperanco; tihe cuticle of the right arm, right side of Ciest, aind back liad been pealled off, all tihe slb jcenlt tissues of skiin a0d muiIIscle were inliltrated with a bloodty Irulolent matt'er; the internal ocrugns of thie body were halolithly; the heart was lnearly empty of blood, but in the little blood that reminled a speck of purulent matter was visible; in his opinion deatlh resulted fromn blood.polsonirig, or the ab. sorpltion of a virus into the system, where. by ipus hlad boeen Irolduced in the blood, and the nctionl of thie lheart destroyed. 'The jury retl'nled a verdict to the cilbet that deceasced died fi'omi the ef'ccts of a bite of some ipoisonousi ineCt or roptile. A San C.rnrni, Tosiouoir DoINK.-TIIo Worarnambool Eamnliner ha thie followie_ Iparagrallpt :-- " The only case at the Police Court during the past fIcw days was a chiirge for being drunk Ilnld disorderly', bronughrt againist Henry Jorrold,' co,11 posiltor', aged 00, brother of thie lilte 7h'. I)oglas Jerrold, the wellknown author. The piolico mangistrate and MrI. Cranier were on the behii, IandII the oCuiised was discharged, on condition thalt he loft the townrlli He hrad been inlcllrcerated in tihe gaolffrom Sunday till Iriday, and a few hours ifter being lit liberty lIe wans seoon at Alliiitor'd. Hie is likely to ' tralmp it' to Melbourne, aid if hie should arrive there it would be a lcharity for the Benivolent Asylum Conrmittoo to give tim'r a home. 'From 1838 to 1852 hie was a post to the nrwspapor oltices througholutEngland, aid fiom tho latter year up to thie present time hie Ias beon a ramnbling oIutcaOst, travellitng fioni South Australia to Quoonsland, andt back ngaui, tie was an neconlplislhed scholar at collgeo, but his lunforturnto pro. pensity tbr licohol hns for over thirty years rodrucd tim to Ia common vagrantl," Svoarr Ginowuso~on Tro Mactsra,.-Thlo Maodelay I1ertld published a tnbuhla statoe. monet furnisc d Mr. Danger, J.P., ol' the number of aneres of sugar canse planted; ir intended to be pliated, without delay by the fairmers of tlhr6! Lower Maeldny. .The total area planted is given at 400 aores; exclusiove of otheor portodns intended to be cultivateod by individuals not mentioned in thre return.. The chief growra will be Messrs. O. O. Dangar and Co., of Kinohola ard Darkwator, rhio cultivalted 87 aore a Messrs, II, Wooll and A, J. Onkels, of A\uirstrnal Edtlon, retihrn, 28 ncres oricelh; Mr. P. MJ'Guuigan, of8nmnmer Islalld, 20 'acres; Mr. J .Frerichs, Austral Eden, 15 nores; ond Aossrs. Mark Moody (Darkwater Creek), Sanlmon',: obinson, Thomans Forsyth,and H. Croud, of Austral Eden, 10 aiores eacht Mr Thlomlas Wickham, of Kinchela, hais pleatod 18 oures. 