' . ARRIVAL OF THE E^STC^LISBL: MAIL I YIA PANAMA. [BY EIVECTIUO TEi,EanA.pn.] [FJtOM OUn OWN OOnilESl'ONDENT.] Sydney, Monday night. TUB Panama nnd New Zealond Mail Company's steniner Knikmirn, arrived at Sydney nt three o'clock thin (Monday) morning, bringing European news to the 8lh of July, Tho Dulce of Edinburgh hat bcon most enthusi- astically received in England, lie was in excellent health, and hud resumed tho command nf his good ship Galatea, at Portsmouth. Protestants were flocking to tho city of. Worms In West Goimany, from all parts of tho world, in order to ho present nt tho Luther Stutuo Festivals, which will bo a monster demonstration, and carried out on a grand scnlo. y ^ War between Fran.ce and Russia, in Italy, Antici- pated. The Itnlian Government has announced its intention of romniningvnotUrla|.V^ Five vessels were loading, flour at California, for the Australian colonies. ~Y y There has beon another sanguinary engngemont between tho Colonial Forces and tho Mnories at Napier, in New /"oalund ; tho Colonial Forces being repulsed by tho Mnories, with tho loss of flvo killed und llvo wounded. Tho Colonial Forces woro com- pelled to flee, leaving their dead on tho bailie Held. On tho lGth of August, tho tidal disturbances were oxporienced nt New Zealand ¡ and an enrthquako had occurred at Nelson. \^ ^ Sydnoy, Saturday, 9 p.m. DEATH OF\ARCHDEACON M'ENCROE. Tim VEIIY REV. AitciinEAcÖN M'ENCIIOE, ono of tho most faithful of tbb clergy of the Romnn Catholic church, and so well-known throughout tho colony, for his great philanthropy nnd readiness nt all times, to lend his aid In tho advancement of every movement,' having for its object tho moral and social advance- ment of tho colony nnd its inhabilanta-has at last succumbed to that fell destroyer Death-having expired at Sydney, on Saturday last. Tho deceased had survived tho full time allotted to man-having reached tho groot age of se.venly-thrce-but despite his old ago- ho was a most ne'tive member of the church, and his loss will be greatly felt and his death deeply mourned, not only by the members of his own denomination, but by a very largo number of residents throughout tho colony, to whom tho name of Archdeacon M'ENCUOE,\ÍS almost as fatnilar as " household words." v Sydney, Mondny, 0 p.m. Shallow water has been observed many milos off tho const, supposed to bo tho result of tho recont sub- terranean distill buncos. Captain Peacock, Into of Sydney, nnd well-known amongst tho mercantile murine, recently died in New Zealand. ' . A rather severo necident occurred on tho Great Southern Railway, on l'riday last, near Marulan-one man being killed and ono wounded. The barquo Aleandra, Captain Eddie, from New- castle, Now South Wales, tho 'Ith instant, with a cargo of coals, reports having encountered a fearful whirlwind off Capo Howo. The whirlwind was succeeded by a calm. A gale next followed, In which tho Alcandrri lost n portion of her bulwarks and had a boat stovo in. Mr. John Fairfax, has commenced an action against Mr. Frederick Lee, for defamation of diameter, arising out of a letter published by Mr. LEE, In vindication of the life of-tho Into Dr. Bland, and beaded tho " Tyranny of the Sudney Morning Herald." Mr. Hinnigan, n supernumerary of the Herald, was brought boforo tho Sydney Bench on Monday last, charged with threatening to horsewhip Mr. Fri derick Lee for his placard in reference to tho obituary notice of thc Herald of Dr. Bland, but on Mr. Lee admitting that ho was not afraid of Mr. Illnnigan, the latter wns discharged. Mr. Richard Hill and Mr. S, Lyons, aro candidates for Cnnteibury. t Tho Queensland Parliament is about being dissolved/. .> \ \ Intelligence having been received that tho Maorie» defeated a hundred nnd thirty-Europeans, frosh nows announces that tho", Mnories were subsequently checked. , Thero have boen extensivo sales of Californian flour at £17 per ton, cash. Mr. Duncan's business ¡a still unsettled. Tho Victorinn Furliament has pnssed tho ostimnlcs. Thc Church of England Synod has been closed. Mr, A. Brewer, n clerk in tho Insolvent Court, has been committed for trial for embezzlement. A correspondent of the Umpire hours that a chal- lenge lins been sent to Englnnd by our champion rower, Mr. Hickey, to row any man in tho world for £500. It is expected that £500 will be raised in and about the district1 of*No\vcaHtle, to assist tho proerlctors of tho Vrecmhn'i ''Journal In'carrying on tho action with tho Government. \ Mr. John Eames jins been appointed telegraph station-innster at Invcroll. Coquette has returned to her old form, and ls a strong favourite for tho Derby. Tho Barb, who ls supposed to bo tho stablo representative, is in great demand for tho Metropolitan Stakes. Tim Whinier is also well supported for tho samo rncc. Tho Hvehiiiff Jfcuis says :-By tho arrival of tho stoamor Saxonia, somo further intelligence has reached Sydney, of tho payings Nind^ doings of tho pseudo Count Von Attorns, the owner of tho ynoht Hamlet's Ghost. The yacht arrived nt Cleveland Bay, on tho 26th of July, and the adventurer wns lionised to tho extreme. He was a guest whom everyone delighted tn honour nu board the Saxonia, spoke patronisingly of his Sydney frinds, and announced lils intention of completing hit crulso by returning to Port Juckson, on tho 3rd instant, as he expected an Austrian war vessel would shortly call nt tho station, to convey him to Europe. . Tho Catholic authorities declino retaining Count Von Attcm's donation to St. Mary's Cathedral. Mr. Lacy, of Gocup, near Oundngui, diod lately, apparently from the effeots^of strychnine, but by whom administered dnes.hot appear. MELBOURNE, SATUIIIIAV,-The Crown declines to prosecute Mr. Flanagan, th architect, charged with perjury.-Mr. Jones intends filing an information against Mr. Alexander.-In thc ca«o of Wade v. Baker, Judge Molesworth declared tho murringo void, ns Baker waa married to tho sister of lils former wife, deeoascd.-f-MoNnAY.-AtN thrJ^Sesslons, Nellly and BcnJnmln'jitrlalH wert postponed, till next month. Higgins mado tho running easily in tho foot taco, until tho finish, when hèifcll, allowing Houlahan tn breast tho handkerchief first.-Tho Melbourne Hunt Club hod a good run after n deer, on Saturday. Dunedin advices report that thc Lapwing had sailed for Fiji, with passengers and a printing press. Thc ttlotau railway, was handed over to tho Uovern \- .">, Auckland dates aro to tho first August. Aiaori troublai aro looking dnrkor.-TuKsnAY.-The Corporation Intend moling In tho Western Market, for a corn oxohnngo.-At tho oXhibltton of presorvod meats, at Goolong, tho judges gnvo tho palm to' Ritchie. Manning's moat wont bad tho day after it was oponed,-A mnn natnod\ William Douglas has been arrested at dandhurst, oft suspicion af murder- ing a woman -A young man, named Power, lately from Sydney, lins boon committed for trial for stealing n watch; ho had previously given ovlilcnco against Martin Jones, who stands committed for the samo robbery. 