THURSDAY, JANUARY 10, 1868. We hope Mr. FELLOWS'S address to the electors of St. Kilda will be exten- sively read among the working-men voters throughout the colony. Even if they begin its perusal under strong I prejudice against the writer, on the ground that he is one of the most con- spicuous of the "enemies of the people," we think very few whose minds are accessible to reason and argument will read it through without coming to the conclusion that it is just possible, after all, that their so-called enemies may be their best friends At all events, no candid elector will refuse to admit that there is great force in what Mr. FEL- LOWS says, and that it is worth while to look a little more closely into the matter in dispute before he records his vote. If so much is accomplished by this ad mirable address, it will be in the highest degree useful, for nothing more is re- quired to extricate the country from it's present difficulties than that the mass of the people should gain a better under- standing of the situation, a clearer insight into the motives of the Minis- terial party, and a truer conception of their own interests. Those trenchant paragraphs with which the address opens, scatter to the winds the miserable sophistries by which so many have been deluded into the belief that Ministers are fighting the battle of the people. In fighting for their own supremacy, for the perpetua- tion of their own power, and for the confusion of their opponents, Ministers have been trampling under foot the best interests of the people. Thousands have been, and are still, misled by the notion that the power of the Assembly to deal "with the finances of the country is being attached, and that Ministers are the defenders of that power. Let any man capable of thinking on such a subject, and who is not alto- gether blinded by partisan prejudice, study Mr. FELLOWS'S speech carefully, and then ask himself whether it is not the so-called "friends of the people" who are assailing the privileges of the Assembly 1 The policy of the Govern- ment has long been not only to deprive the Upper House of the limited power which the law gives it in regard to financial affairs, but to take away the privileges of the Assembly at the same time, and concentrate all power in their own hands. By whatever specious pre- texts the public have been deceived from time to time, and the spurious popularity of the Ministry maintained, it is as plain as anything can he that the true interests of the country, and of the people, have been systematically be- trayed by Messrs. M'CULLOCH and HIGINBOTHAM, and this Mr. FELLOWS now explains to the electors in language which it is impossible to misunderstand. In appealing to the working-men voters to study the St. Kilda address, it may not be out of place to invite them at the same time to examine the grounds on which certain of our public men have come to be called friends, and others enemies, of the people. It is possible that on reflection they wil find that our political nomenclature partakes of that antipodean character which has been ascribed to many things Victorian. Certainly if intelligence, independence, and political consistency, are valuable qualities in public men, these are most conspicuously present among the con- stitutional party; and if they are the best friends of the people whose aim it is to promote the true interests of the country, even if they incur present un- popularity, such men must be looked for in the same ranks. To earn the title of "friend of the people" it has only been necessary, during the past three years, to flatter a constituency in the first place, and fag for the Ministry in the second. Does any thoughtful man think the country's affairs will be safe if they are entrusted to a Parliament composed of such "friends of the people"? We have many '. friends of the people" now before the public seeking re-election, and every day brings its new story of their folly and extravagance-of the revolutionary and seditious nonsense which they talk, in order to prove themselves genuine and thoroughgoing " friends of the people." Compare such utterances with the straightforward and intelligible deliverance of Mr. FELLOWS, and then say whether the enemies or the friends of the people are best entitled to the confidence of intelligent electors. It has long been matter of surprise that the dominant party should content itself with such representatives as have fallen to its lot. For among the con- spicuous " friends of the people" there are many men notably beneath the ave- rage intelligence of the general commu- nity, It is not that working-men lack the power to discriminate character. They are ready enough at that, and many of their chosen representatives supply them with an endless source of merriment. Neither are the same class indifferent to considerations of character and position. The man with a good coat on h1'? back, but without any law- ful and visible means of support, is to the artisan an object of groat suspicion, if not contempt. Yet we see at election times that working-men will band them- selves together to secure the return of men notoriously wanting in not only ability and intelligence, but also in character and means. In this respect we have been getting worse and worse since our present troubles began, until it has been publicly declared, in the face of an intelligent country constituency, that the duty of electors was to elect old hats if Ministers chose to set them up as candidates in their interests. We cannot but think that such language as this will cause a reaction in the public mind. Considered in connexion with the weak and foolish sedition which forms the bulk of the election speeches delivered throughout the country by the " Mends of the people," it will induce many to ask themselves whether it might not be worth while to try the experiment of sending moderate and sensible men into Parliament, in- stead of nondescript "friends of the " people " or old hats. A careful study of Mr. FELLOWS'S address cannot fail to induce intelligent men to adopt this course, and we therefore augur the best results from its wide dissemina- tion. We understand that in all probability Air. Service will contest the district of North Melbourne, in the interests of the Constitua tional party, in conjunction with Mr. A. K. Smith. Both gentlemen are universally re- spected, and should command a fair prospect of success. It is rumoured that a requisition is being got up to the Hon. George Harker, inviting him to stand for Maldon ; and Mr. "\Y. Williams, tho late member, is resolved again to seek tho favour of his old con- stituents. Mr. G. P. Smith has lost ground in South Bourke. Both. Ministerialists and tho Opposition arc displeased with his political career. The one party know they cannot trust him in any matter in which his personal ambition, is concerned, and the other has had quite enough of his much-vaunted po- litical respectability. If he is elected, it will he entirely owing to the apathy of his op- ponent, Mr. L. L. Smith, who, whatever his faults, has at least the merit of being con- sistent. It is been stated that Mr. Service and Mr. Andrew Lyell Lave been asked to contest Castlemaine. We are glad to learn that we were mistaken yesterday in stating that Mr. Bunny had re- tired from the representation of St. Kilda. We are informed that a disposition exists amongst a largo portion of the constituency to retain the services of Mr. Bunny, and that A effect trill be given to this feeling. The election canvass in South Bourke is being prosecuted with great vigour by the supporters of the three candidates in the field. On Monday evening Mr. George Cole presided over an influential meeting of the electors of the Gardiner district, held by Mr. O'Grady at tho Butchers' Arms. Mr. C. F. Bradly, J.P., Mayor of Kew, presided over another meeting held in the Town- hall on Tuesday evening, also in favour of Mr. O'Grady's candidature. Councillor Marshall proposed, Councillor Collin seconded, and it was unanimously carried by a very large meeting, that the Opposition candidate should be warmly supported, Mr. W. A. C. A'Beckett, who is a candidate for the representation of the district of Morn- ington, in opposition to the Chief Secretary, addressed a meeting of the electors at Morn- ington, last night, and obtained a very fair hearing. At the close of his remarks, a vote of confidence was passed in his favour. We are glad to learn that Mr. J. S. John- ston's canvass in West Bourke proceeds very satisfactorily. Last night he addressed the electors at Gisborne ; this afternoon, he speaks at Lancefield, and to-night at Romsey ; and to- morrow evening he will address the electors at Footscray. The telegraph had informed us that the scenes in the Parliament of Sydney of late had been of a character which put into the shade the doings of our own Legislative Assembly on similar occasions. The papers to hand from Sydney report some of these scenes, and we certainly must give to our neighbours the palm for rowdiness. An illustrative extract will be found in another column. In calling for tenders for the loan of half million which was so successfully disposed o in November last, the agents for the New Zealand Government invited attention to the great increase in the imports and exports of the colony, and in the Customs and ordinary revenues, and to the growth of the popula- tion. Were this colony to enter the market at the present time for a similar purpose, we could not exhibit any such substantial proofs of prosperity. Our population is almost stationary, while our imports and exports, and our Customs and general revenue, all show a lamentable decline. We arc being outstripped even by New Zealand. The sportsmen and breeders of blood horses in Victoria will learn with regret that Mr. C. B. Fisher's fine horse Stockowner, the only descendant of Stockwell in this country, met with an accident yesterday, and broke his near fore leg ; it was at first feared that the valuable animal must in mercy be destroyed, but under veterinarian advice hopes were raised that the horse might recover. The affair seemed to be purely accidental, as at the time it occurred the horse was merely being led along, as usual, for a " constitu- tional" walk. Mr. Fisher's nags Little Fish and Babbler were yesterday shipped for Hobait Town, to take part in the races there. The band of the 14th Regiment will play, in the Botanic- gardens, between four and six o'clock this afternoon. The following is the programme:-Overture, "Barber of Seville," Rossini; quadrille, "Morgano,'' Hartel; selection, "Romeo et Juliette,' Gounod; waltz, "Albert Victor," Coote; selection, "Don Pasquale," Donizetti ; galop, " Feldpost Bêlais," Piefke; "God Save the Queen." * The annual meeting of the Medical Society of Victoria was held last night, in the board- room of the Melbourne Hospital ; the presi- dent, Mr. Girdlestone, in the chair. There was a good attendance of members. The election of officers for the ensuing year was first proceeded with, the following being the result:-President, Dr. Neild ; vice-presi- dents, Dr. Bird and Dr. Jonasson ; treasurer, Dr. Fetherston ; honorary secretary, Mr. Blair ; honorary librarian, Dr. Nicholls ; members of committee, Mr. Gillbee, Dr. Black, Dr. Graham, and Dr. M'Carthy. The treasurer then read the report and balance- sheet, from which it appeared that there had been an increase of members to the society, and that a balance remained in hand of £41 11s. 4d. This report, after some discussion upon one of the items, was adopted. Notices of motion for the amendment of. certain rules were given by Mr. Gillbee and Dr. Martin. The retiring president, Mr. Girdlestone, then read his valedictory address, in which he reviewed the progress and transactions of the society for the past year, referred generally to the con- dition and prospects of the profession in the colony, and offered some valuable suggestions for future adoption. A vote of thanks to the retiring president and the other officers con- cluded the business of the evening. A correspondent writes :-"With this I send a copy of two almanacs, left at my house lately, and would call your attention to the disgracefully obscene character of the contents-being intended as advertisements to American quack medicines. I need scarcely point out to you the unfitness of such works for general circulation amongst fami- lies, yet I find these almanacks are left at every house in Melbourne and suburbs. In England there is a law to punish the distri- butor of these indecent nuisances. It would be useful here." It certainly is highly objec- tionable that dubious literature should be thrust upon the attention of the public, but the contents of the advertising almanacs scarcely warrant the strong condemnation of our correspondent. The annual public meeting of the Baptist Association of Victoria was held last evening, at the South Yarra Baptist Chapel, Chapel street ; the Rev. J. Lewis (of St. Kilda) in the chair. It was announced that the Rev. W. L. Kees, the pastor of the chapel, was unable to attend through indisposition. Nearly eighty persons were present, and several ministers were on the platform. The rev. chairman having opened the business of the evening, the Rev. Mr. Poole (of Caulfield), hon. secretary to the association, addressed the meeting on the subject of " The claims of the colony on Christian effort," urging upon all members their obligations to persist, in season and out of season, in pressing the claims of Christian duty upon all around them. The Rev. Mr. Slade (of Geelong) next, at considerable length, addressed the members present on the same subject. The Rev. Mr. Sutton and the Rev. Mr. Bryant (of Fitzroy] also addressed the meeting, the latter on the subject of "Personal agency," insisting that the individual influence of a believer in the true faith of Christianity must, backed by personal character, work towards the ame- lioration of the condition of humanity ; and he contrasted such happy efforts with the poor powers of the educated unbeliever. A collection followed the addresses of the reverend gentlemen, and the business closer! with the usual forms. The name of Mr. James Lorimer was ace dentally omitted from the list of Mr. Dykes Testimonial Committee in The Argus o yesterday. A case of some interest to the sporting world was heard yesterday, in the Emerald hill Police Court, respecting the harbouring of a boy-rider, engaged to a trainer. by the owner of the largest public training establish ment in Victoria. The Bench inflicted a fine of 10s., and ordered costs to the same amount. The London Australian Gazette of the 9th November states that "the defects in the machinery of the screw steam sloop Rosario 11, Commander Louis H. Versturme, are being made good at Plymouth, after which she will sail for her destination-Aus- tralia." Mr. George Goble and Mr. Edward Crane have been nominated as candidates to flu* the vacancy in Williamstown Borough Council occasioned by the retirement of Mr. John Courtis. A xna**^ at cricket has been arranged for tomorrow, between eleven members of the theatrical profession and eleven representatives of the press of the city. The game will take place on the Melbourne Club's ground, which has been kindly lent for the occasion. Another midday performance of Mr. Akhurst's successful pantomime was given yesterday, at the Theatre Royal, to a large audience, many of whom were juveniles. This evening those deserving artistes, Mr. and Mrs. J. L. Hall, will take their benefit, when an address, from the pen of Mr. White, man, M.L.A., will be spoken. To-morrow evening the pantomime will be produced for the last time. We have received a pamphlet, entitled The Incorporation of Britain's Colonial into her Home Empire. It is written by Mr. Hurst house, a New Zealand colonist. Many of the opinions expressed in it are crude, and will find but little favour among intelligent men. Missionaries, the Colonial Office, and till who differ from the author,' come in for a fair share of adverse criticism. The Australian Journal for January fully sustains its reputation. The illustrations are good, and the reading matter above the average. This publication should command liberal support. We have received the copy of a work, en- titled Progress of the Working Classes from 1S32 lo 1C07, by J. M. Ludlow and Lloyd .Iones. It is replete with interesting informa- tion. Some specimens of Zea Japonica fol Variegala, or striped-bean maize, have been forwarded to us by Mr. Sims, of Brighton. We are unaware of the value of the plant in a commercial sense. The Australian Medical Journal for this month is principally occupied by three papers, by Mr. Wilkins, of Spring-street Dr. Tracy, and Mr. Gillbee. Mr. _ Wilkins gives an excellent epitomised description of the ophthalmoscope, which he properly urges ought to be a constant, instead of an excep- tional, means of diagnosis with medical men. Dr. Tracy records two highly interesting cases of ovariotomy-an operation in which hitherto be has proved the sole success- ful operator in this colony. Mr. Gillbee's paper draws attention to the use of car- bolic acid in the treatment of abscess and compound fracture. The discovery of the great utility of this agent in. these cases was made by Mr. Lister, of the University of Glasgow, to whom Mr. Gillbee accords high praise. There is an amusing letter in this number, addressed some time ago by a great pill and ointment vendor to a well-known church dignitary in this colony. The leading article consists of an indignant protest against the Legislature of New Zealand, which recently refused, in framing the new Medical Act tor that colony, to recognise the degrees of the Melbourne University. The non-playing members of the Melbourne Cricket Club are to have a match on Satur- day ; sides to be chosen on the ground, at half-past one. The Berlin Kladeradalsch has the following epigram on the Italian question :-"To make a good salad, as is well known, four persons are required, namely, a miser, a spendthrift, a wise man, and a fool. The miser to give the vinegar, the spendthrift to provide the oil, the wise man to contribute the salt, and the fool to stir the mixture. If for these four persons we name Louis Napoleon, Victor Emmanuel, Garibaldi, and the Italian people, every one is at liberty to distribute the various roles amongst them according to his liking, in such a way as he may think will make the completion of the Italian salad possible." A man named James Doulan was brought into tho hospital yesterday forenoon, suffer ing from injuries to the eyes, received from the blast of a charcoal furnace, at the Sand- ridge Sugar Works. The necessary treatment was applied, and the patient was discharged. Later in tho day William Stevenson, aged six years, residing at Vale-street, Hotham, was admitted, suffering from fracture of the right arm, caused by an accidental fall in the street while at play with other boys. An accident occurred at the Williamstown Breakwater yesterday afternoon, to Patrick Donegan, one of the labourers employed by the Railway department. The man, with several others, was engaged in shunting tracks, and was in the act of uncoupling two of them when he was caught between the buffers of the carriages, and dreadfully crushed. A surgeon was sent for, when it was ascertained that the poor fellow had four of his ribs broken, and that he had sustained further injuries. The sufferer was sent by the next train to the Melbourne Hospital. A seaman named Robert Schmelke acci dently fell into the hold of the ship Cos- mopolite, at Williamstown, about four o'clock yesterday morning. The man was on deck, and stepped into the hatch house to shelter himself from a shower of lain ; but, unfortunately, the hatches were not closed, and he tell through to the bottom, a distance of twenty-four feet, breaking one of his thigh bones, and sustain ing other injuries. Medical aid was subse- quently obtained, and the man was removed to the Melbourne Hospital, Yesterday morning Sergeant Ellis, sta- tioned at Emerald-hill, arrested Francis Thomas, a man fifty-five years of age, for o capital assault upon a young girl named Ann Barnsley, twelve years old. The offence is charged as having been committed on the evening of Friday, January 4, on the Eme- ald-hill Common. A Frenchman named Louis Mowroo and six disorderly women of the town were sent to gaol by the City Bench yesterday for a term of six months. Mowroo, who had been recently acquitted on a charge of stealing £10, was the proprietor of a brothel situated in a night-ot-way at the rear of the Union Hotel. For some time past, the peace of the neighbourhood had been disturbed by the continual drunkenness and quarrelling of the female prisoners. The honorary treasurer of the Lying-in Hospital begs to acknowledge, with thanks, a donation of £3 from "Colonist." A charge of assault and robbery recently pieferred against Frederick Lemme, landlord of an hotel at Beechworth, by a man named Dimond, has been dismissed, the Bench re- garding the evidence of the prosecutor as no1 i diable. A poor child, son of Mr. James James, fai mer of Bungaree, was so badly burned on Tuesday morning, that he died a few hours after. A girl of two yeais and seven months, named Mary Hannah Jasper, also lost hei life a day or two ago at Redesdale, by hei clothes taking fire. An enormous number of wild ducks are now being shot on the creeks and lagoons in the vicinity of Majorca. On Monday week last three boys killed fifty-four, and on Friday an additional fifty were bagged. An old man named John Smith, a resident of Valencia Creek, Gipps Land, was missed from his home on the 23rd September last, having gone out to look for his horse. He never returned, and all search made for hire was fruitless, On tho 10th hist, information was received by the police that a boot, iden- tified as that of the missing man, had been picked up near Freestone Creek, whereupon Henry Smith, Constables Feely, Sharp, and Ferguson proceeded to the spot, and in a short time came upon [tho skeleton .within about fifty yards from where the boot was disco' vcred, near the bed of the creek. It was known that he had about £10 in his posses' «on when he left his home, but no monej was found in the pockets of his clothes. The remains were removed to Stratford. The jury returned a verdict to the effect that then was no evidence to show how the deceasec had met his death. "A most singular incident ;l~/^ncxion with this affair (remarks a loca í>SlV<í,í'Í8, that the deceased's wife, who hoc been kept in ignoranco of the loss of her bus band for soveral days, had during the interva dreamed that he had been murdered at tin place he was lost, for tho sake of tho monej he carried with him, and actually narratcc her dream to some friends before she wai apprised of her husband's disappearance Taken in connexion with the fact that th< money was not found with the deceased, tiri: dream may have been too faithful an omen At all events, it is a struige coincidence." "Wehave been informed by Mr. Georg« urtue," says the Warrnambool Examiner, that a pair of sparrows built their nest this season on a tree near the gate leading to hi¡ house. The young ones were hatched, bul unfortunata'y have been destroyed by mag Pics, who seemed to have a great antipathj to them. The sparrows have begun to buile again." , . . Mr. Charles Wray delivered Charla Dickens1 celebrated ghost story, in St George's School, Carlton, in aid of tho build ins fund, on Tuesday evening last. TI« audience, which was a numerous one, wai highly delighted with the reading Mr. Wray possesses elocuttonarj powers of a high order " The wool on the Rit enne stations for the past season has," sajs the Wagga Wanga JSxmrn, "not onlj been much better washed and scented m fai better order than usual but the clip, owing peihaps to the abundance of grass and the exceptional fineness of the season, has also in t ery many casts shown a decided improvement over previous }ears m the ti eight j îeldcd pu head As an instance of thistle may refci to the Humula Station, where, tie believe, ne shall be correct in stating that 41 981 sheep haie been washed and shorn, and thtt from these 555 bales of clean nool baie been obtained, the net ti eight bung within a fraction of sttenty three tons or an average of tullun about an ounce of four pounds per fleece Tor such a t ery large number of sheep this high at trage is, ne belret e, without a parallel ' "Our readers,' sa}s the Geelong Adveilisei, "vail rcrnembci, in connexion vuth the fund rarscd for the benefit of J tamo Duff, who was lost m the bush, the fact that a gentleman in London became so interested in the little girl that he sent out a suitable present expressive of hu» heilt s alTcctron for her, and that through the caicltssucss of the passenger to whose care it was intrusted, two years elapsed before the tributo reached the hands of her foi whom it tv as intended Mr Belchei, who took so w arm an interest in the welfare of the children, wrote to the gentleman rn ques turn in September last, explainmg the cause of the tlelaj The following reply was re con ed by linn on Monday from London - , 129 New Bond street, London, Noieinber2G, 1807 -Mj Dear Sir,-I have to acknowledge youi kind letter of the 27th September last I had begun to think the small tribute of my heart's affection foi the lost and found had come to grief or had met with no response I am glad it is now on its way to Jeanre, and I shall look for w ard with some pleasure to hear, as you krndly promise me, how the child re- cen es rt It w as most kind of you to write to mt, and I thank }ou teiy much I am re- joiced to hear of the fund rarsed and of the great goodness of Mr Wilson -Bebet e nie, mj dear sir, tory farthfuUy }ours, It P Daniell G T Belcher, Esq , Geelong ' " A child, n0cd two and a half yeais, son of Mi M Grouthon of Stiatford Gipps Land, w as accidentally drowned on Tuesday eiening by falling into a waterhole in the t lcimty of his parents' house "Wc learn," sajs thoJSoider Walch, "thal the Mount Schanck estate has changed hands tuthrn the past few days, the proprrttor the Hon W J T Clarke, hating leased it to Captain Gardener-a gentleman aheady in tuested in squatting property in Vrctona Mr Clarke and Captain Gardener are now at Mount Schanck, and the latter, we under stand, will tako numedrate dehvtry of tire stock and station ' The Slandaid adds that ' it is said to lie the intention of Captain Gaidcncr to erect a handsome resrdence on the estate ' The extraordinary disappearance of a young girl named Agnes Hunter has excited some surprise in Amherst, when she had been lately residing. It seems that a week ago she obtained a situation at Mr Meadows's, in amherst, where she remained till Friday night last, when she retired to rest at the usual hour. On the family rising next morn- ing, she was nowhere to be found, and has not been heard of since. Fears are enter- tained that she was labouring under an aber- ration of intellect as her demeanour at times appeared strange. Three bullock diners were fined £3 each or, in default, to go to gaol for a month, tin other day at Goulburn, New South Wales, fo causing i bush lire by carelessness It wa shown that the fire had on one ruu burnti 15 000 acres of grass in e miles of fencing 1,590 i ails, 1,000 posts and tw o sheep statio] huts , and it was still bin nmg when the cas was heard "Mr Handnck, of the Old Ilouse a Home Restaurant, sajs the Aiaiat Adoei Use?, ' has in his possession a teiy small st<¡< d egg, ti Inch lit found in a log of w oo that was partially dcca}cd Aftci sphttin the log the egg was found amongst som crumbling t egetablc matter, and although careful seal eh was made none others wer found , neither were there t rsrble any mean of rngicss oí e¿ress The examination t make certain of the existence of an apertur large enough to admit a bird of any size, wai we arc infoimtcl IPI y careful, but unsuccess ful, and the question arises whether thp eg belongs to a bird or not Ike aborigine speak of a species of bat or squintl tvhie lajs eggs verj similar to those of a brrd, an it is just possible that one of these animal may have tv orktd its way into the hollow poi tion of the branch, anti deposited eggs c which the one dtttiibtcl only rtmams, w hil the opening by which the entiance tv cflecttd may have become gradually choke up ' The following, on the utilisation of swamp: is from the PoHland Guardian -'A Gc man gra/rng farmer, who rents a swamp frot one of our squatteis, drained it m the tollov mg manner- Hcmerily sunk a shaft to tb dnlt which 1res beneath the clay m this du tnct, and through rt all the w ater which fo: merly accumulated rn the swamp draine away, and left lum afine farm of the vci nchest made loam The shaft, of coursi was sunk m summer when the swamp wt dry, and may need cleaning occasronally , bt tht expense w as trilling Only thrnk of tha rtadtr, and remember that thore are thoi sands upon thousands of squart miles of ne swamp ground rn the Poi tland drstrrct utterl useltss to man or beast It has bee estimated that those swamps alone, diaincd and cultrvated, would produt more food yeaily than the inhabitants < thrs rsland could consume There are man of these swamps from five to twenty miles i circumference each, which could be drame easrly in the usual marmel, by cutting a dite to somt adjoining creek. The Minister < Lands should haitjthese swamps suntyei and let on easy terms to improving farmer .and, byway ot inducement, foi ty or fifty clet chains of dry ground around each swam should be allowed to the tenant If this wi done, the land revenue of the district tvoul be increased, the countiy enriched, and hapi homes would spirng up where now desolatio reigns The ¿outh Australian Governmor intend to adopt thrs system ti ith regard to ti swamps ni the Mount Garnbrer drstrrct, an it is to be regicttcd that oui Governmer waits so often for leaves from therr book " ' It was stated ru our presence, last weel by an ' old hand,' who appears to have coi sideiable experreuce in suth matttrs," sa] the Ai at at A dvei tiset, "that marry Clune.' who aie ' ti anted ' pass through diggmgs an even live upon thtnr (especially where tui nellrng operatiorrs hal c been can red on) witl out tht knowledge of the police Tunnel or claims that have been din cn, if coi sidered safe, offei diy and warm harbour aird satt besrdes the expense of lodgings and, further, m consequence of the no settled state of the various gold fields, a km of refuge dnectory has been made out for ti benefit of those m whom the authoritn are niterested 'Safo' places are duly d scribed oi mapped, and are general found to answer at once for purposes i lodging and concealment. The holes so di tmgirrsued are saul to have a peculiar marl which is not discernible except to the ni trated in the celestial free masonry Mar of these holes show where sprurous gold op rations have been extensively carried on, hi now they are almost solely used as a means i eluding justice Oui informant, who a peared to be a traveller, and who appeare moreovei, to have had enough dnnk to u loose his tongue, said that he merely knew the fact norn a Chmese shearer, who w employed at stations some considerable di tanct np the country, and who himself w one of Uro ' wanted' long ago, and had pro tically tested the efficiency of tho Chint directory If there bo any truth m the stat ment, the Chinese shearer, whoever he i would form a valuable aid to the detect! force " Messrs Legge and Taylor, rnvontors ai patentees of a "controllor safety bridle ai lern," visited Talbot on Saturday, for ti pul pose of publrcly exhibrting tho use ai merits of their mt cntion. Accordmg to ti Marybmough Adierliser, they confined thci stives for some time to showing tho modo whiththe i tin acted on sundry horses of quiet character belonging to the bystandei untrl a hoise of an unpleasant celebrity as "man killer' was brought by Mr. Jam Scott, but tv Inch the patentees declined operate on, the annual not having been harness for o\oi srx months This causi some ¿«satisfaction, and several of the spe tators left, when a horse bolongrng to M Logan was brought, and " guaranteed to bol if dm en without tv inkers Tho safety brid was accordingly adjusted, and on being plao in the shafts, Mr Taylor being tho dnvei, ti horse's head was let go, and ho at on attempted to bolt, but tv as instantly check by the leverage of the patent Thrs was i peated several times with the same result, the admiration of the owner, who is| thorough contort to the efficiency of the ni bridle The buggy was afterwards occupr b} some half dozen persons, and dnv through the streets, the horse being peifecl I under control. ' At the Geelong Police Court resterai Jesse, John, and Gerard Gray, remanded on a charge of assaulting II. Woods and wife, aU Spring Creek, on 6th January, appeared on their bail to answer the charge. The evi- dence given on the first hearing of the caso was recapitulated. For the defence, it was alleged that Jesse Gray had been assaulted hy Woods ; that he intended to fight him for so doing, and brought -his brothers down to see fair play. Ho called on the prosecutor to come out of his house, which ho did, bringing with bim a pitchfork, wiLh which he threatened them ; that Jesse Gray, taking the pitchfork from prosecutor, the latter went inside and got a gun, and fearing to be shot, Gray took it from him, and that in the strag- gle, being nearly choked, his brother inter- fered and rescued him. The Bench fined the prisoners each 40s., or fourteen days' impri- sonment. We gather from Now Zealand papers to hand that the development of the Thames gold-field, in the province of Auckland, is likely to bo retarded by the unwillingness of the natives to throw open land for the diggers. Sir George Grey had visited the scene, and used his peisonol influence with the chiefs, but without effect. They had resolved to withhold the land till after a great meeting of all the natives interested. 