CURRENT .TOPICS The branch mail steamer, -with the English mail, was in sight oft' Glenelg at six o'clock last evening, and the telegraphic -wires quickly placed us in possession of our usual budget of news. The P. and O. Company certainly deserve credit for carrying out their contract with such com mendable punctuality. For the past few months their steamers have invariably ar rived to contract time, and, on this occasion, a day beforehand. The news is not very startling, but it -will be seen with pleasure that cur recent Royal visitor arrived safely on the 2Gth of June, and was received with open arms by the loyal people of England, who ran a great risk of losing their Sailor Prince. Mr Gladstone's Suspensory Bill has been rejected by the House of Lords; bat this might have been fiilly anticipated. For further intelligence we refer our readers to our telegraphic columns. The half-yearly meeting of the share holders in the Geelong Gas Company will be held this afternoon. It has always been matter for complaint that there is no stopping place for refresh ment on the line of railway between this town and Ballarat. On the line to Mel bourne the train remains at the Werribee station half way from Geelong for some minutes, and this has been found to be a great comfort; but passengers to Ballarat have no opportunity of leaving the carriage until they get to that town which subjects them to much inconvenience.- "Were a stoppage only required for purposes , of re 1 freshment, its necessity might be ques tioned, but passengers require to leave the carriage for other purposes a few moments, and in being prevented, are, in many in stances compelled to suffer much affliction, especially those travelling by the midday train, who are confined for three hours and a half without intermission. "We commend the matter to the minister of Railways and suggest Meredith as a fitting place for the trains to and from Ballarat to remain for a few minutes. " There was only one case before the ma gistrates Messrs Champion and M'Farlane, at theXewtown and Chilwell Police Court, yesterday, "Watts v Biyant, a claim for work and labor done amounting to £10 19s. The amount was disputed, and even tually' an order was made for £9 6s 3d, and costs of court Mr Guy appeared for the complainant in the case. A man named Patrick O'Brien, who is employed*in the railway department at the Little River, while attempting yesterday to get into a truck as it was in motion on the line missed his footing and fell, and the wheels of the truck passed over his right foot severing three of the toes. lie was brought into town and taken into the hos pital where his wants were attended to, and he is now doing favorably. A curious phenomenon is related to us of the fog on last Saturday night. A party were travelling home into the country be tween ten and eleven o'clock, and after passing through the dense fog to the limits of the' Barwou Bridge, they suddenly emerged out of it into the clear moonlight on getting to the south side of the river. On looking back they could see the fog superincumbent like a white cloud over the town, while beyond in the distance, Station Peak stood out in bold and clear relief. The fog was bounded in a distinct line by the river keeping to its north side, and had a remarkable and very pretty effect. In the morning the fog had spread over the Flat, Germautown and Belmont. There was not so large an attendance at Madame Anna Bishop's concert last even ing as at the two preceding entertain ments; still it was a good jurying house, and the audience was a most appreciative one; indeed, ahno.-t too much so, for they encored •almost everything that was done, which was demanding rather too much for their money. The artistes as usual were markedly courteous, and complied as often as they could with the extra calls on their powers. They were both in splendid voice, and the programme was selected with taste and judgment. Madame Anna Bishop excels so both in opera and ballad music that we can hardly tell in which we like her best; so, perhaps, the most simple way of determining the difficulty is to say that she charms in all her performances. The recitative, " Sorta e la JTotte" and the cavatina, " Eruani Involami" from Verdi's delightful opera " Ernaui" was her opening effort last evening. This is the most bewitching part of the.opera, and the music is exactly suited to a voice of such purity and sweetness as Madame Bishop's, and we never heard it sang with more exquisite feeling. The artiste poured her whole soul into the melody and entranced the true lover of music. Of the songs she rendered, the old favorite and touching English ballad " Home, Sweet Home" pleased the audience most, as it could not help doing, the words as well as the music being calculated to touch a chord and ex cite sympathy in every human heart, be cause in every man, woman, and child, is implanted a love of home, and Madame Bishop is unequalled in this her best and favorite song. The audience were unanimous in calling for a repetition, hut as the singer had been so heavily taxed previously her response was a bow. A re markable power possessed by Madame Bishop is that of being able to change from sentimental to gay and piquant music and be equally good in both. This was particularly exemplified when she saug an aSecting little ballad „ The Beggar Girl," with all the emotion the subject required, and immediately afterwards complying with an .encore, entered into the spirit of a pretty, gay, and spirited love drtty. She also sang a selection from the opera of " Robert le Diable," and together with Mr Lascelles a duett from " Don Giovanni," but the most pleasing performance of the two artistes together was the duett named in hills " Una Sera d'Amore," in which the voices of both were well blended. Mr Lascelles sang " Robin Ruff," and "Rocked in the cradle of the deep" in capital style, and his comic songs were also very good, especially one alluding to the " Werry pecooliar" conduct of a young lady who blasted the hopes of a young man that fell in love with her. This gentleman, although not strictly natural in comic business, is original, and his peculiar style of humour is "taking." To-night these talented artistes are announced to perform for the last time in Geelong, when Madame Bishop will appear in a scene from the opera of La Sonnamhula. Several persdhs have suggested, that if Madame Bishop were to give a concert for " the million," _on Wednesday evening, to which the charges of admission would be lower than the present a crowded house would he the result, and many would thereby be enabled to hear this queen of song, who cannot afibrd present prices. We throw out the | suggestion as it was made to us. The Wellington street Weslcyan Chapel was reopened last evening, when, including the collections made on Sunday, no less than £200 Os 8d was contributed. The foundation of this pretty ehureh was laid ten years ago by the Rev. Daniel. Draper, whose heroic conduct on the steamer Lon don is doubtless fresh in the memory of every Christian. A report of the proceed ings of the public meeting held to celebrate the event of the reopening will be found in another column. The Age reports:—Mr Martin, the Attorney General, and Premier of Hew South 'Wales, has not lost sight.of public business during his present holiday trip with the Earl and Countess of Behnore. Before leaving Melbourne he will have an Interview -with Mr M'Culloch, with a view if possible to arrange a satisfactory settle ment of the intercolonial postage question, and of other matters afiecting the border residents. The mayor and town clerk of Albuiy will probably accompany Mr Mar tin, to aft'ord any local information that may- he required relative to the working of the postal system. Mr Woodhouse's Art Union Distribu tion was to have taken place last evening, but in consequence of the absence t f several of the gentlemen who had consented to act as a committee of management, the distribu tion was postponed until Monday next. The funds of the poor-box at the Central Police Court yesterday received an addi tiou of j£l Mr J. Olive. The M. A. Mail reports, that a case of flour-poisoning lias i occurred in Golden Gully. Fryers. A m^n named O'Xeil living there purchased, some flour at one of the district stores^* and himself with ■wife arid family, after partaking of some food fr<jm it, were attacked with symptoms of poisoning, such as nausea and giddiness. So bad were some of the members of the family that medical aid was called in. As it is reported that a large quantity of bad flour has been im ported into the district "generally, the local Board of Health should be watchful in the matter. Camperdown, it would appear (says the Colac Observer) is becoming quite notori ous for crimes. Only a fortnight ago we had to report the occurrence of a most horrible murder and determined suicide, and now it becomes our duty to have to chronicle as great—if not a worse crime. We are informed on reliable authority that on ..Thursday evening last, a respectable man, residing a few miles from the town ship of Camperdown, had occasion to leave his home ou the above evening to attend to some work about five or six miles away, which caused his absence from home that night. ' He left his two daughters—aged respectively twelve and fourteen years—in charge of the house. At the usual hour the girls retired to rest, and had not been in bed long when a knock was heard at the door, and on enquiry being made as to who was there, a man outside answered, "It's only me; at the same time making some excuse; but the girls would not open the door until he threatened to burst it open. Through fear thev were at lensrth compelled to open it, -when the demon—for man we cannot call him—rushed in and deliberately undressed himself, committing ofiences which, of course, are unfit for publication. After some time the neighbors heard cries and screams in the direction of the house, and on proceed ing to the spot, soon found the cause. The police baring received information were soon on the spot, and succeeded in appre hending the wretch before he could make iiis escape. The man, who is known in the district, will be brought up at the Police Court, Camperdown, on Thursday next, when it is to be hoped thfl the charge-will he brought home to him, and that he will receive the extreme penalty of the law, for such a horrible outrage it has never been our duty to chronicle. , On Saturday afternoon, so dense was the fog, that fog signals had to be used on the Victorian -Railway line. The passengers by the 3 o'clock mixed train were rather startled at the loud reports, but felt satis fied on learning the necessity of the pre caution. We are in reseipt of our Queenscliff cor respondent's letter of the 3rd lust., but we must decline to insert any further corre spondence on the subject to which it refers. The Melbourne correspondent of the Ballarat Star writes :—" The recent elec tions still form the subject of general con versation. Constitutionalists are very ill satisfied with the results, and the question is very freely canvassed, whether the exist ence of the Constitutional Association does not operate rather adversely than otherwise to the interests of that large party in the country, which, whilst far from illiberal in its politics, is inveterately hostile to illegality and excess. The opinion appears to be rapidly extending that the Constitutional Association, whilst powerless for good, is productive of this evil that it keeps the loyal liberal party together, who, but for it, would be less partisan and more independent both in and out of Parliament. The At torney-General entirely owes his election to party support. But for the party oppo sition which he encountered, many votes given him would have been recorded against him, since he is not popular with many of his constituents. There is a very prevalent feeling that the Constitutional Association talks far too much and works too little, and this is true, not only of the metropolis, but, with few exceptions, of the organisation throughout the country. The future of the association will much depend upon the effort it makes, during the time yet at its disposal, to put moderate men oil the elec toral rolL So far as I can learn, what is being done is literally not worth talking about. Should more vigor not be imported into the organisation, the feeling will be come so general of the absolute harm done by opposition that the association will cease to be ot any political importance. It is astonishing the number of constitutionalists who believe that the existence of the asso ciation lends strength to the loyal liberal party. An immense deal was some time since made by the extreme political party, which supports Mr M'Culloch, out of the assertion that Mr Higinbotham had refused a retainer of 500 guineas to advocate a cause with the facts of which he became ac quainted as Attorney- General, and, there fore, could not subsequently, without dis honor, oppose the Crown. Mr Higinbotham would, uo doubt, have sufficient sense of honor to refuse the handsome fee had it been offered him ; hut his virtue was never so tempted. It was a retainer of two guineas, not five hundred, which he re fused. It is remarkable with what reck lessness statements likely to exalt the repu tation of the Ministiy are palmed off on the public, and no less so bow they are allowed to go unrefuted. ltumour is just now Very busy, and more than usually reliable. It is asserted that a well known capitalist of Melbourne, not unknown in matters poli tical; is at the present time the subject of so much financial pressure, that he has had to make most unusual sacrifices in his effort to maintain his credit. There is no occa sion to, and no means of, indicating the possible result, but should things come to a crash, the effect on credit will be most per nicious. Payments are progressing but slowly at the Treasury, it is confidently asserted—but, it ought to be stated, by persons inimical to the Administration— that the delay in liquidating outstanding claims is the result of design, necessitated by the impoverished state of the Treasury, which requires the current revenue to meet, past liabilities. The assertion may he taken for what it is worth, and that is not easy to estimate. Various statements have been current since the formation of the Ministiy, as to whether Mr AVrixon, the member for Belfast, was offered the Attorney-General ship. It was offered and refused, and similarly refused by another supporter of the Government." The Ballarat Star reports:—"The crop: in the Learmonth district are very hack ward and look anything but- promising Fanners lire complaining of the frost ant drought, but look forward to the spring mouths, when the more genial weather wib forward and improve their crops. A good many of the farmer's men have started foi Gympie, and others are still talking of go ing, though hesitating from the conflicting news that is received from time to time from that goldfield. This exodus, togethei with the little work that progresses on the farms at this season of the year, has created an unusual dulness and stagnation of busi ness throughout the district." ■ The new agent-general of Victoria, th Hon. G. F. Verdon, C.B., commenced hi series of public farewells on Saturday nigh last, at the AYilliamstown Mechanics' Insti tute. The occasion was the presentatioi of a testimonial from the inhabitants, which however, has not yet assumed its legitimati shape of an illuminated address and piece o plate, but had to be given in the rough—i.e a draft of the address only—with a promisi that the real address should follow. Owin; to the miserable weather, the attendant did not exceed a hundred persons, ovei whom Mr T. Mason, M.L.A., presided, Tin address was duly presented by the chainnai and Mr P. Power, mayor of the borough and then Sir Verdon made his reply, in which he said he could not properly express his sense of the goodness and sympathy h< had always experienced from the people of "Williamstown. He was happy to be able to say that he left Victoria after baring had many political differences with those witli whom from time to time he had been asso ciated, hut without having ever lost ont friend. He should consider himself an Australian, and never forget those amo — ui»c amon whom and by whose assistance he ha started on his career. In reply to a hii thrown out by the chairman, he repudiate the idea that he had any notion of entering the British House of Commons, or, indeed, that lie was certain it was well for the agent-general of Victoria to be there. He intended to devote himself to his duties as agent-general—not using that position as a stepping-stone to anything higher, and . always carefully avoiding anything that would detract from his usefulness in that capacity. At the conclusion of his speech he was evidently deeply affected, and in the shaking of hands that followed there was evidently much feeling on both sides. During the escape of the Maori prisoners from Chatham Islands, on board the schooner ltiileman, it is related that "nothing unu sual occurred on the passage from the | Chatham Islands to the East Coast (six miles south of Poverty Bay) until Thursday July 9, when, having had a head wind for two days, the Maori chief, supposed to he ' Koatee,' ordered one of their number to be thrown overboard 'to bring' (as they said) ' a fair wind.' This was acccordingly done about seven a.m. The unfortunate man was dragged on deck, his hands were tied, and notwithstanding his pitiful cries and resistance, he was pitched overboard like a dog. He was seen for some time afterwards struggling in the water, but his fellow-countrymen did not relent. The sacrifice of the wretched man is the more remarkable as it is stated, that he was the father of the head chief. The Maorifcs were generally quiet throughout the pass age, but an armed guard walked the deck day and night, narrowly watching every movement of the crew. A Maori stood near the helm, armed with a carbine and sword, to see that the nroner course was steered. The crew were not allowed to cook ; a half-caste, named Baker, assisted by Maories, took possession of the galley, and did the cooking." The O- and M. Advertiser gives the fol lowing respecting the "Loyal Liberals":— " We yesterday heard the following capital story:—A doctor wlio was not very par ticular as to his patients, and who ivas at tending a man with a bad leg, determined that it must be amputated. Having given the patient chloroform, he.cut off the leg in a very artistic manner,. but on the sufferer returning to consciousness, be found to bis horror that the doctor had cut off the -wrong one." On the doctor's attention being di rected to this little mistake, he coolly re plied, " Oh, yes, that is quite true; I have deprived you of the good leg, but' never mind, it just comes to the same , thing, lean cure the other one. That is exactly like Jl'CulIoch. We had been halting a little when he was called in to give advice, and he tariffs us, and tacks us, and Darling grants us, until finally he cuts at least one leg from under us, by stoppage of payment. He now, in order to console us, says never mind, I cut oft" the good leg, but I am the very man to be trusted to cure the other. The chances are that the other leg will come off also, and that the patient will half bleed to death under the operation." The following notice in the South Aus J tralian Register may give a hint to our Victorion felhnongers"Lamswool ltufts. "We |have been shown by Mr H. Alford samples of ladies' rufts made out of lamb skins, prepared by himself. They are really beautiful articles. The wool has been washed to a snowy whiteness, and combed so as almost to resemble down in softness. As an instance of colonial in dustry, the article is a very creditable pro duction, and Air Alford informs us that they can easily he manufactured at a cheaper rate than those imported." Mr M'Lellan, MJL.A., lias been visiting his constituents at Ararat, and met with a most enthusiastic reception. On Tuesday last he tvas entertained at a banqnet, which was presided over by the mayor of the bo rough, and upon that occasion a purse con taining eighty-five sovereigns was pre sented to Mr M'Lellan. In the course of his speech the hon. gentleman said:—" On all occasions when I have come before you as a visitor I have experienced great kind ness at your hands, but I have never felt so overcome with the hearty good will which you have evinced, as at the present time. I paid you a hurried visit, not intending to remain longer than Saturday, so that I might learn the views of my constituents upon several political matters; and since I have arrived, I must say that my experience has been one act of kiudness after another on the part of the inhabitants. The banquet and handsome testimonial which I have received at your hands, has been quite un expected by me,; believe me. I appreciate both to their full extent. You mnst excuse meifldonot, on the present occasion, enter very fully into the curious state of political affairs which late changes have effected. At the last election I was able to come before you with one single question and its mode of settlement. I refer to the Darling grant; that has been settled in a manuer as satis factory as unexpected. At the present time our political prospects are little more than a blank; and for me to express an opinion with so little before me as to the future, would at least be ill-judged. ' The mem bers composing the Ministry are not, per haps, the men who ought to have been chosen to guide the country in the present state of political affairs ; but as a matter or course, 1 think it is but right for the coun try to give them a trial. It is not my pur pose to find fault with them till I can judge them on their merits; but I cannot help again stating that I think it is a pity for the colony that untried men should occupy such a position in the Assembly. . I would have thought that Mr M'Culloch would have chosen the most tried members of the .House as his colleagues; men who had, already won their spurs in matters of legis lation. I am not prepared to condemn the present Ministry unheard, but quite willing to give them a fair triaL" The Wentworth correspondent of the Pastoral Times writes :—The Murray con tinues to rise, and the steamers are flocking up the river from the South Australian waters. On Thursday there was quite a pleasing sight to witness; no less than eight steamboats along the wharf reserve at one time, mostly well laden with mer chandise, which is now on its way up stream. Our arrivals for the week have been the Albury, Moolgewankie, Maranoa, ' Prince Alfred, from the lower river; Vesta from above, via Euston; and the Mel bourne ' from Echuca. The Endeavour and Moira are laid up for the present—the former from want of employment; and the latter from being in the hands of the Philis tines. . The Bendigo Advertiser states:—" The Bank of Victoria yesterday purchased a parcel of nuggets found at the Wkipstick rush, the smallest of which weighed about loz, and the largest over 28oz. The whole were the proceeds of twelve loads of stuff. The lucky finder stated that he had thirty loads yet to wash, which he expected to turn out equally well. The nuggets are beau tiful and cleen, and one of the finest sam ples of gold we have seen for a very long time. Had they been found a thousand miles or so off, doubtless a great rush would be the result; but becaiise they are got close by, scarcely any notico probably will be taken of them." The Rockhamptoii Bulletin, of the ISth instant says:—Hamlet's Ghost has flitted from Keppel Bay and will cast his shadow next at Bowen. Count Von Attem sailed on Thursday, having received, it is to he presumed, the charts which had been ob tained from Captain Ituudle. The vessel's cabin is splendidly fitted up. The panel lings are of grained maple mounted with gold mountings, and a large pier glass fills np one end of the cabin. She is about twelve tons burden, draws twelve. feet of water, and, not counting tbe young Count, she is manned bv a captain, a chief officer, three saiiors, anil has on board a cook, steward, and servant. She carries three swivel guns on deck, and there are also on board eleven rifles of the Snider, Minie, and Chassepot makes respectively, probably pepper castors for any attacking force of natives. The Ghost rose from the manes of tbe whaling vessel Prince of Denmark, wrecked oil one of the islands in tbe Poly nesian Group. The mining manager of the .Break o' Day Gold Mining Company, Rokcwood, reports:—IVe have 82oz 9dwt 18gr for the week, making 159oz 17dwt for the fortnight. 