A VISIT TO MRS, TH-AITE'S, JUDG , , MENT CHAMBER,; . (FROM AN ENOGLIB NEWSPAPER.) ; The case of Smit. v. Xebbett, which re cently occupied the .attention of; the Probate Court some days must be fresh in 'the recol lection of our readers. It arose out of a will idade by Mrs. Thwaites, of Charmaidsean, near Worthing, .by which a Dr,. Smith was made her. residuary legatee; but the. will was disputed by Mrs. Tebbett, her sister, on the ground that at the .time. testatrix made the will she was insane, and at -the trial, evidence was called to prove that deceased 'aboured under the delusion that she stood n the place of the':Spirit in the Trinity thatlshe was the Hbly Ghost, .nd yet she was toabe the bride of Christ, to whom she would Ibe married :on the second .coming of our Sanour. to judge the world, and that the iuderment of the iorld wnoul tani nl1. ,e at ier'ioise 17T, Hyde Park OGardens; Shb consequently. had her drawing ,rooms fitter up in astyle befitting her forthcoming spiri tual marriage. and the': judgment, 'at a' cos df '£25,000.' 'These ap4rtments "have re ently bben 'on view to few privileged,indi vidual; :one.of whom furnishes us : with . graphic account, of the 'extraordinaryarrangs. i~dts, Aftei''lluding to the, dreary, aspec t tihtihoiiuse, he, says the staircase leadint from the hall .is: dismal.and solemn, dart ad sadi.a "iproiducing ia. condition of mind prci suitable to the' occasion, for. at' the top" df ihis staircase is the drawing ,aroo? Iatslf;Iwith allits decorations and its furni ture sincovered, and prepared as for the recep. lion of an honoured guest-the bed ready, and every convenienice studied that an aniidous, ria thoughtful. hostess' could comtemplate. '. ,Bi? the outlay of £35,000 has yielded a heavy and embarrassing 'effect, 'sonething extretnely in1i posing, but not pleasing.. The. pioaagrne= able sensation is that ,produced,.b hy ie rich pile carpet, as you treaddown the flowers into the bod :of the fabric, to seea them slowly raisel their heads again, as fresh' and'beautiful as ever..! This carpet we are told, was manii faotued," without. a join,. expresslyiforb: the room it, riaise your eyes' from the con templation of"things under' foot ; lift them high and gaze .upon the ceiling. Figures, flowers, scroll and panel, carved and. gilded, must suflice'for a description of the ceiling effect; for it frownis down , upon the gazers, dark and. sead,heavy.. and e'mbarrpqsing . A gilded candelabra; for.twenty four wax candles, hangc from the centre :0of the ceiling, and imnmdiately below'it is a very beautifnl's?peei= mei6n of wib iiork, 'a inssive table, in' ,which mother-qc pearl,r silver .ebony,: and ,various woods are. :tstefully :.inlaid .with brass. lMothar-i4pearl si, fo?istance,ith, silver eyesandieboy .eyebrows, desqribe the outer circumference of this imposing piece of furmi ture, i.On the'eight fromi the entranncostands a sideboard-an., elephantine consla.i,,table, supported'by" elegantly, carved :and ,'gilded lege,and stiliportidg an elegantly carvbd and 'gilaed,an'i.wherein is ..iserte'd a really agnificent gla?sspaesing down from a loft. height, past the clhastemarble: slab, to thq gI nin Offthd', 8 isite snds three Pom ei :asoe ;.,and undeg.?t." ,.lsIlare ,two. very. t carved-wood andthioklyglded: loopioge.. of lea'ieSs.;Of similar,: designs. of wood.carvin are the wpindQ w cornces ,gilded aid gilded agIjn; nd;over tis .4ptping':below 'the co icq a yardin 2deptlhes:a.gol and crLm eon frihnge, the tassels being formed of twisted goldasilk, each ·ebparate finger''of the, fringe being liteallv as big"(ini any other ielctioi ae wou[d ,say, f,aesmall'?) as, a ladyl's tli?i?lb. Hanging over thiswagain is a: deep. gold and crimson fringe. ' The curtains, looped up with golden pine-apples, are ob? quilted';til, 'ionm sopnand gold, linedwith cream -coliied Bilk, wOtth, according to the estimate of :the: wit ndss who superintended tho' arrangement of ithe furniture, four guineas p yer yar? ;ai'd.of tiias expensve ,material are covered, ,l the chairs and the lounges and the couches that crowd" the room; one 'special ohair--a low chabir, in which, the. unfprt it 'ladybhself would sit for, hours togetlier, and. adpinister what she called "thle e spernatural"n to any one? who would listen to her--was by .her'set apar from the othersq and'n one' savherself ase, under? any ciroumstancei,,qacllowe4' ous it or even touch it, for on that ohairi e saide, our Lord wodld Sit when he ehould take' po sedsion 'of his"apart?ents' "-A ?lases what not,; with 'goldeo uedgipg, supportiiig alabastor figure of Joan of Are, an elegpt T'lorentine table,-: some- .s0reens of raised work--in- gilded frames,-and--a --plate-glasn fie re-s en, oimpleted the ,furniture o, t' front ropm,. exceptig ;.only the pin r alsswith i astely, v? d.ninetimes ildeilframen , en di6 i idibnthi'ro6om frim the .back.oir bedi-room are, ?a .double. set of Ourtains; 'of the same :material as those.. e have already dscori~d; butbheld'backto ifford clear view of tlh artisfio decgrapati ln oelaborgte painting of:, .he c? mbe<r, wa $ r. Iereis .a paintingls:of: Charity-somewhat deeply toned in oolour, but' atally 'aver fi.i specimen of windo painting, by an unnok n hand, at least unknowntors ,weegret to say that we could not ascertain le. inuse of.the artist. The effect produced by--this ainted. window is solemn and impqsing,. nd a diseased imagination: Wvuld. or;dly fe ed upon this effect, or, in.other words, would feed upon-itself, since-the effect-is-simply-the result of the unhealthy condition of.te,mind which first conceives the idea of pro:uci?s ?it. The'"deborati6ons of this room arein pesrfect harmony with those of the ~idrwingroom bu the furniture is lighter, and othe result more agreeiable 'o the.eyp. The bedstead stanids out very promiiently 'in the centre of the room, and is a remarkable piece?of work. It is made .rof ` natiiwood, ornnier nnted with liowers,; carved upon tleh,solid piece, andar tistioally!"gilded, dand- the drssing-tableh is manufactured of the same description of wood, and is simply decorated. The--bedstead is tented and dolne-shaped, the inside of the dome, being formed-of-quilted satin, and0of a piale r'se coloir to c6rirespi6nd witli th counterpahne: ind hairdioniins asreieably with the miauive sain cirtains, ad theseibroiddre muslin covering of the: pillows, silver doves with outstretched wings floating' emblemati cally from? the inneortbp' bfttae dome. Be, Woe the dresain-taigB inaid with mother- n' pearl and .tortoiseshell end:which stands r basket of 'ivory flowers," so -light' that yot hink-you- can--blow them away, basketiand 11; and iis~'t io th'is. elekan; hBd elaborat ornament is a glqve-bakset of artificial flower and orange blossoms.made of mother-o'peapr and shells.' A' the' fbd of theibedsteaid Btiisnd a cabinet 'of batin idf,' d tie filrelace like that 'of ie'fr6nt room,' is'dfburnihed 'steal of tihe higest reflecti WI"pk'ra.r Th. ameof he. .hoesiaI glass. is''arved andd: 'gilded, to match the rest of the furnitnre, and-the'washl tand, ~th itsrpur.e;pale, 'iarble topi and its China inlaying, is.~ eryi tastefully fitted up; while th¢ cover qf ,the. dresaing-!tble is crimson velvet, ornamented .with wihite.,satin medalions; theaframe of the small glass on he':table 'being of oxydised iiler ."! h~ cur tins of the window bcor'spond t witith'thse 'o t.froni t. loom. t. gyhe, side of', the bedsteiid seans elahboritely' .carTel caoinet,-thB0intersal arrangements of which are extremely uniquo. But before we leave- the room, we must take eii psrting, glance at. thiiat ,btridai' bonnet of drawii ,,white-silk,. with its': twelIe' ostriceh eathers, forming, a plume roundl the rown and its elegant covering of white'blond? 'foi iai thla bonnet--large "'en'ouhl .:to','d: hold fo quarte6fa huiidra eiwemght .of, coals-did the unhappy. Mrs, :Thwiates. firmlyi believe ,she hould accompany to Church our .Lord Jesus Christ.. ' ':'.:'.'.'.''' 