NEWS OF THE WEEK. ? Mr. Holland, of Turretfield, has brought into town a splendid topaz, of large size, found by him on his own property, and not far from his house. He was offered £50 for it, but would not sell. The Mayor and Councillors for the ensuing year for Port Adelaide were duly sworn in on Thursday evening, 3rd December, at the Town Hall, after which a friendly glass of wine was discussed, when the usual loyal toasts, and those of the retiring members and the new taen, were properly honored. A person named Richard H. Taylor, who has been living at the Port Admiral Hotel, Port Adelaide, was found dead in his bed on Friday. A bottle marked laudanum was found near the bed, also a note to Mr. Yeo, the landlord, requesting him to telegraph particulars to Mr. Sowton, auctioneer, Auburn. Information has been sent to the Coroner. An accident occurred at Woodville on Friday to a young lad named Cooke, which might have resulted with more serious conse quence but for the timely assistance rendered by Mrs. Appleby. The lad was leading a horse across a section adjoining the Port road, at Woodville, and when partly over, a young bullock charged at him several times, and tossed bim up, inflicting very severe in juries, and breaking his leg a little above the ankle. Had not Mrs. Appleby been in close proximity to the spot, and withdrawn the at tention of the animal, tbe result might have been very serious. Dr. Mortimer was imme diately sent for, and the lad was placed under his treatment. Captain Bruce, of the South Australian, has given an entertainment on board his fine ship, which throws . most things of the kind into the shade. Invitations were sent out to any extent, and somewhere about 300 persons signified their acceptance. A special train was engaged for the trip down to the Port, and also for the return, but besides the passengers by the train, a considerable number drove through in their own vehicles. The Port presented quite an animated appearance as the party crowded on to the scene of festivities. The ship was gaily decorated, and every ''arrangement was made by the captain for the comfort and enjoy ment of his many guests. Mr. Hall's large store had been, with excellent foresight, availed of as a supper room, and this also was tastefully decorated and well furnished with everything that the most fastidious appetites could desire. The second anniversary of the Primi tive Methodist Chapel, Milang, was celebrated on Sabbath, November 29, and Tuesday, December 1. On the Sabbath two sermons were preached by the Rev. W. JenMn, Minister of the Circuit, to good congregations. On the fol lowing Tuesday the annual tea meeting was held in Mr. Brakenridge's iron stire (kind'y lent for the occasion), to which about 100 people set down. At. night a lecture was delivered in the Congregational Chapel 'On Bible Pictures,' illustrated by tbe phantasmagoria lantern, by the Rev. J. G. Wright, of Adelaide. The chapel was well filled. The Rev. C. D. Watt presided. The audience gave repeated proofs of their delight and satisfaction of the lecture and illustrations. The: Revs. S. Gray, of Nairne, and W. Jenkin also took part in the service. At the close of the service hearty votes of thanks were given to the ladies for pro viding the tea; to Mr. Brakenridge for the loan of hiB store ; to the Rev. J. G. Wright for his eloquent lecture, and beautiful illustrations; to the Bev. C. D. Watt for the use of the chapel ; and to the Chairman. This highly interesting meeting was brought to a close by Chairman pronouncing the benediction. Total proceeds about^£l6. On Friday morning, December 4, the monthly meeting of the Agricultural Society was held at the Society's, Offices, '. Grenfell street. There were present the Hon. W. Tuxford, M.L.C. (in the chair), and the following gentle men :— Messrs. J. T. Pascoe, G. Bennett, R. Smith, W. Murray, J. Cobbledick, E. Pmith, J. Frame, W. McKenzie, G. F. Ind, D. Lith gow, J. Harvey, W. H&ckett;, E. W. Andrews, W. Ferguson, A. B. Murray, and the Secretary 'S- (Mr. Coates). Mr. W. Hackett reported that he had formed one of a deputation that had waited on the Chief Secretary from the. Society for the purpose of requesting the Government to support a vote of money to pay for the im provements effected by the Agricultural Society at the Exhibition Building and grounds, in con nection with the show held during the visit of H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh. They had been favorably received, and the Chief Secretary had promised the matter should receive his attention and consideration. A proposition was carried to the effect that any exhibitor refusing to put the Society's card or ticket awarded by the Judges on their prize or removing the same should be disqualified from receiving the prize. A protest was received from Dr. Batbe against J. Ryder receiving the first prize for a blood colt, as it was not thoroughbred. After some discussion, Mr. Ryder, who was in attendance, was allowed two months to obtain the pedi gree of his colt.. A protest was received from E. M. Bagot against the awarding of the prize to Messrs. Dean & Laughton for a stall-fed cow, which he said was not stall-fed. The prize would not be granted to Messrs. Dean and Laughton. The consideration of other pro tests was deferred till next meeting. It was decided to hold a Show in February, 1869, and the following gentlemen were appointed a Com mittee to revise the list of prizes for it : — Messrs. W. Hackett, E. M. Bagot, Smith, J. T. Pascoe, J. Frame, Hinde, and E. W. Andrews, A communication was received from Messrs. Nation Bros., stating that they had not received any prize for their exhibit of turkeys at the last Show, although the Judges had awarded them one. The prize was granted to them. A vote of thanks to the Chairman closed the meeting. Mr. J. Cobbledick exhibited a splendid, speci men of Cape barley, grown at Mount Lofty ; it was entirely free from rust. . His Excellency the Acting-Governor has caused a Commission to be issued to the Hon. John EL Barrow, appointing him a' mem- ber of the Central Board of Education. ) We understand the whole of the shares in the Nevada Silver Mining Company (Limited) have been taken up, and that applications were received for more than the number of shares offered to the public. There is an admirable likeness of the late Me Fatdding in the Adelaide Photographic Company's establishment. It is of a large siz i, copied from a carte de visile taken in England during Mr. Fauldings last visit there. * The style and expression are. good, and the photo graph is altogether a pleasing and accurate por trait. Negotiations are still pending for the charter of a vessel to convey the Northern Ter ritory survey expedition. In the meanwhile, however, active measures are being taken to get everything in such a state of readiness that no delay whatever will take place in the loading, when once a suitable vessel is ob tained. Our Port correspondent says : — 'I have seen a specimen of gold quartz out of the -Duke of Edinburgh Reef, Barossa, near the new rush. The sample weighs eight grains, and there is over a grain of gold visible. The specimen was knocked off a boulder taken from the shaft 15 feet deep. The promoters have several tons of quartz, which they intend to have immediately crushed, and they are very sanguine as to its results.' On Thursday evening, December 3, a complimentary concert to Mrs. Price was given in the Tewn Hall, Norwood. There was a large attendance. The entertainment ' com prised solos, duets, and choruses, and these were all well rendered, more especially the latter. Amongst the performers were Mrs. Proctor, Mrs. Price, Miss Vaughan, Madlle. Lindstrom, Messrs. Edwards, Chapman, Jagoe, and several amateurs. The entertainn ent, which was very successful, closed at about 11 o'clock. At a meeting of the Gommittee of the Benevolent and Strangers' Friend Society, held on Wednesday afternoon, the Treasurer an nounced that Hhe balance in hand was reduced to £21 7s. 2d., which sum was further reduced by votes amounting to £6 10s. The aid of the friends of the Society is therefore earnestly re quested. The late Mr. Faulding has bequeathed to the Society the handsome amount of £50. This, however, will probably not be paid for several months. The need of the Committee is therefore urgent. On Thursday evening the Rev. J. M. Day, of Mount Gambier, delivered a lecture in aid of the Baptist Chapel, Mount Gambier, in the . Lefevre-terrace Chapel, on ' The true story of certain ghosts I have seen.' Ther* was a very large attendance, and Dr. Campbel[ occupied the chair. The rev. lecturer handled his subject in a very homorous manner, convey ing sound advice by a great many side-splitting allusions. The ghosts referred to were not altogether of a spiritual character, and were called 'Mrs. Grundy,' 'To-morrow,' 'Long credit,' 'It can't be helped,' 'You don't know,' 'I don't remember,' and 'A short life and a merry one.' In concluding his re marks Mr. Day said that there were three ways by which the ghosts might be exorcised, namely— 'A clear conscience,' 'A good di gestion,' and ' Faith in Christ.' Mr. E. S. Wigg proposed a vote of thanks to the lecturer, stating that he was not lecturing for his own amusement, but for his church at Mount Gam bier, and the little they had to send would show that the people there were not forgotten in Adelaide. Mr. U. N. Bagot seconded. The Rev. Mr. Day acknowledged the compliment, and proposed a vote of thanks to the Chairman, which was seconded and carried. A collection _- was made which amounted to £8 Is. 6d. Mr. Ingleby, the Coroner, held an. in quest on the body of J. C. Brookman, at the Alma Inn, Norwood, on Thursday afternoon, December 3, before a Jury of 13, of whom Mr. Jas. Zimri Sellar was chosen Fore man. The body was lying at the deceased's late residence, where it was viewed by the Jury, and, after their return to the inn, the followingevidence was taken : — Alfred Champion deposed to being with the deceased about 5 o'clock on the previous afternoon, and to assist ing him in catching a colt, which having been done, the deceased put a rope round its neck to lead it to the Maid and Magpie. After proceeding as far as the Buck's Head, Stepney, the animal became restive and bolted into a yard in Os mond-terrace, where the deceased caught it, and on taking it out of the yard it bolted a second time, but was again secured. Deceased then threw a long rope round its neck, and whilst leading the colt it attempted to bite him, when he kicked it. After going a few yards it again started off, and deceased having the rope wound several times round his wrist, he was thrown to the ' ground, and dragged some 200 or 300 yards along the road and then against a fence, where the colt com menced kicking, and s'ruck the deceased twice on the head. It then dragged bim against another post, and afterwards against a brick pier, where the rope broke, and. the colt, on being ' released, galloped off. Assistance was procured, but the deceased died before being removed. Henry Scott, medical practitioner, deposed to arriving just after the deceased had expired. There was a pool of blood under his head, and his face was very much grazed, and there were wounds in his head very deep. He died from injuries received to the temple bone just above the light ear, caused by a blow or a kick. The Jury returned a verdict of accidental death. Md^ume to^e^tHj Sy^ey,19tii; Brisliaiie, 14th ?.MaryboroTijgh, ,12th ^ LaunceBton, !21st'; f Orders have been issued for, the especial observance of sanatory laws inthe case of vessels arriving from China, in order to prevent the introduction of emallpox. : - i; ?*Ehe Speaker j^vb;' the' »ecbad of his Parliamentary --dinners, to -members of - the House -of Assembly on ^Tuesday evening, the first having -taken place jon the .previous Thurs day. - .On «ach -occasion' a pleasant evening was spent, = Mr. i Speaker's iospitality and courtesy being allthat could be desired. Dr. ^otnas i Tajior, of \ Port Elliot, andionnerly of Kensington, will be apasBenger to England by the South AiiStnralian. _ Wfe have received tke December number oC^thS Australian Christian Pioneer? which contains several theological articles, xtnd the Concluding part of Mr. Earl'« account of his laSora m Mew Zealand. ' ^S^^^.tfes Vo^a^erfroja^iDglaiid of. the SLjVincent, ,'ihesn^eon- rf.ite,TOSsei,.whb was OTnsumptiv*rat .leaving, ^gradually, sank under his disease, and on November 11 diei fie was boned mi lat^ff Jong..52?:- ,..:,: .~r\\*. / .-,..- ? ?J-Kfe follt)Miig: tenders, were posted at $heiCplonial~ ArcMtecVB^Office^n' Tuesday :— iFbrfi4tingB it'the jiew Ppst-Office, Kapunda, 'Vf.'lSk- -fica«/-£54' 'Tit - 6& -{acefepteaj ; Oliver ^Barflon,3 :£64 -fftL-, William Nicholson, £65 ; Smi Josepnf#&kman;,^£67 10s, - ? ' ? : '?.'? ?'? ~ tAji Adelaide tradesman, informs us that on'Tuesday 'he»aw' a splendid quartz specimen wltfe Aot lesscthan 3ozs. of gold sticking about: it, which the owner stated' he had found inthe ' Humbug Scrub. / -. : ':.?? .;.'.- . I '?'_?? ~_ ,-.. , { On 3Duesclay i^we jSjaw .a ^beautiful speci-; men 'of Tuscan wheat in ear^ grown i»y - Mr. . B. . *iBL;iS&go4n; oriithe .«te -pt fthe proposed ; new Waterworks reservoir. The -ears- were large snnSfuH, -and the' grain -of ; the plumpest and ifinest description, a There is no donbt we are : past ali danger from rust-; that -all the harm it ; cbuldcdo bas been adone, and-that we believe to beiot comparatively small amount./ The Central Road Board have decided upon adopting a new system of dealing with the toll gates on the Port-road next year. Instead of letting out by contract the collection of the tolls, it has been decided to farm or offer them by auction at an upset price of £550 for each gate. The maximum number of horses allowed to draw any waggon or dray on the Port- road at the present rates has also been fixed at three, and an extra charge of 2d. per head will have to be paid for all horses over that number. ' The 'access «ttendii^-]&p;^^ (of^he St. 'Vincent) laudable exertioni in pror \- viding amusement 'for- - Ms -passengers -last v voyageled to his giving several' highly popular : ^entertainments ? for- suitable : Jarifl -deserving ; bbj^sW^eTown. HaiLPori, tail Several -of : ttecbuntry Institutes. On the present voyage beliaSfenterfe^^niore fully -into the matter, and \ las brought -'apparatus of a' much more «laboi *'riifce^descripti6rij:\n.tli wliich the worthy -master -'?is prepared to enlighten and amuse the public 'ihouIaa^OTbrable opportunity occur. * '?? ? - - j f'-i We are informed that a soiree was held ? jn Tajior5* -Assembly Boom, Mitchanivon Mon- \- day evening, with a view, to resuscitate the Inf %titbte in that district. Mr. Joseph Wisher, 'M.P., was in the chair, and «ii interesting pro gramme, uiclttding music, recitations, &c; , was BucceSsfully ^carried oat, to the delight of a large ^a influential audience. , . . ', 'We are:jnf6rmed.^iat the- proceeds of . the entertainment gbren^ by the Hindmarsh ? Mutual ImproVement Society and. the JBQndj marsh Glee Olub, onBaesday,- Ubvember 2A, at Port Adelaide, maid of the funds of the : Sailor?* Home, realised the amount of £14 10s., which has been^handed in to the Committee- of iie Sailor's JBLome. ,. : -'.?'?; .'?.'., j The.. entertaJnmeiiTb'-iii ~-iuA--'~- of ij£bB Catiiolic Church'vfund ^^tdpk place-ioB. Monday ' evening; November'30j' in:the'T6wh Hallv-Bprt Adelaide. !TTiere was a. very large attendance, aadthe'vaiious peiSbrmancea of the J33nSinarsh Chmfy MxBstrels gave; great -feaiasfactioh to i thokepriMrait. ? _ 1: :' '- ? i ? -J^- - ? ?'- -- .- '- '- - -' \ Oh riiday eveniogj;r'IJbyember-' 27, a r tea meefingand^nentcrMudnent. were held in the Glen Osmond Schoolroom- ?, The jattenr ; dance: was- yeryT las^e/ rand^ the chair at the latteravas Dccnpie-ivbyjMr.-Thps. Graves, J^Pi The proceedings included: :ai;very rinteieBting lecture, by the EevjSIr/Merriman, on 'The Dark Deeds of thV^Daxk ' Ag^s.^.^yhich Twas ? iUustrated by ^dissolving- views,' music' by^^ady 'it«nii|L ^gentlemen 'r^mat%dx8,-.-and ^recita'tions by ,~ Measrs.:,i£c^^n, JBb^en,- and others. The . entertainment clewed 'with' votes . of. ^^ fh'anks to call ?5»hp ^ad: i^ntr^uteE .to the. evening's , diversion.- , ._,- ^ .: . .--,.;?? _,- .?-- - t :Oa Monday evening, ^November 30, the ' Adelaide Society of ihe New^Terusalem Church held th«r '^.Bnual -tea' meetihg and musical enteitainment: in the Masonic Hall-at White's ' ? TUiom.; ' -More than.'- 70- -persons partook -of the tea/ and there wasa ^ery- large attendance in the evening, ' The chair was occupied by -Mr. ' C/Ii- - Dubois, and Mr. E. O-. Day delivered an interesting lecture on ' The Interpretation of Classic Fables.' The musical portion of the entergainment'Vas performed by amateurs, and was much «iqoyed. ???:?:?'?? . Early on. . Suadayr toornlng J a .';' horse attached to , a buggy, r belonging to Miv Jos. . Bailey bolted 'from Hindiey into King William street, -and was capsized near the Savings Bank, The baggy was considerably damaged, and the hgree -very slightly so. No one was in the , buggy, , ? . /._ . . ^ _ ? . ?? . ;At /Glenelgj on Sunday, an accident ' occurred 'which ?might have : been, very serious, and as similar risks ate run every day, especially during i3ie summer seaBoti, we mention it here by way of cautiqiu ? ^A woman, with one or two children:,' was; -sitting on iihe .railis' leaning -again's't one of this ^trucks,' sear;H»c the- Pier Hotel, when another truck with some bags of oystera was run. down frbrii; the jetty lead, and _; cbifling smartly into collisibn with the truck ' first mentioned caused it ^ o move on, knowing overthe paiiies'lfeanlng against it. ' The woman ' was thrown' lengthways between, the rails, and whilst in tMs position the truck- against which she lu&Lbeen; leaning- passed over her, but she . fortpnately managed to crawl from uaderneath . it withoiit injury. ' Oluldreii may frequently be seen; sitting on the. tails in front of the trucks, .''which., are continually being, pushed backward and ifprward^'jeitherfor business purposes or ? , am^emfent. They ought to be- properly secured *T^niiOjb infuse; ' ?'..-. ,... . The iPoirt battery -»f the volunteer ar tillery, = about 40 in number, assembled on Saturday, and proceeded, to the Beach for shot ? and shell practice.' ? The:;gnns sused were one suc-pounder, one twelve-pounder Jiowitzer, one ' nine-pounder, and one 24-poundfir :howitzer. -The =sik and twelve^pound«rs beiifg fired at 600 yards,' and the 9 and 24-pounders at 800 yards. \- Th#°practice was, on the whole, very fair, taking into «onsiieratiori astrong .breeze blow- . ing across the line of fire' throughout tlie time. GaptC Qoiniwas - in . command of ihebatbery, 'and during the Tjractice Colonel Biggs and: Oeut-Colonel Inathews were also on the 'ground. ? ?? .'..:? . -i . ' -.. ;?? ?-?? i '? ^ '.-.-?? . s tThs finanfie jneeting.of Sanctuary A.de laide of the Ancient Order of Shepherds was held on Friday evening last, atthe London Inn. , The balance-sheet and Auditors* : report were . read, showing the Sanctuary ±o be in a Sourish ing condition, having, made a good profit on the past half-yearV operations. Balance in favor, of the Sanctuary, £115 8s. 2d- ; total number^ of members, 47. . At the close of. ihfe meeting' ? the brothers and several ,yifiitors, to the number of-about30, Ba*doTFm,to a sapit&l; supper pro vided in Host feiinipanfa well-knowa style. The, chair w?s occupied ! 'by D,P. ' Holland, and the vice-chair by P.P. Dearman. : Oh the removal of the cloth the Chairman i^ve the usual loyal' Coasts, attd^.T5ce'-C3iairman 'The, Health of fEB Excellency the' Acling- Gbvermori' '' which1 we're.&uly; horiored, and then followed thetoaStB of ltT-e' Anciekt Order ^ of Shepherds*' by' P.D.P. Hriningway; 'The District Offidera,'' prpposed by tne 'VlceChairmaaaL, and -responded to byrD.S.P. Alcock ; ' The Officers of Sanc tuary Adelaide,' proposed by Brother lithgbw, and responded to by Pastor Webb. -€The 'Visitbrs' were proposed by the Chairman, and responded to by OolbisSergeant Buchanan, of the 50th Regiment. The healths of the Host and Hostess, Chairman, and Vice-Ghairman wete given and duly responded to. 'During 'the evening Mr. Pounsett favored the company with some excellent selections on the piano forte, and several songs were sung in good style by Color- Sergeant Buchanan, Brother Barnett, and Mr. Jagoe. On Monday afternoon, we had an op portunity of inspecting a pair of large wheels recently manufactured at Mr. ,Coull's yard. Blyth-street. They are made to the order of Mr. Bouosevell, who , intends to .Tise then-^ when affixed to the necessary carriage— for the conveyance of huge logs of timber . at Gume racha. ; Each of these -wheels are 25 feet 2 inches in circumference, 8 feet in v diameter, the width of the tires heing 6 inohee. The naves -and felloes are made of 'pink, gum,- and the spokes of ^tringybark. -' On Friday, November 27, a match was played bttween the Kingston and Brighton Cricket Clubs, at which the following scores Weremade:— .. '.-. .?'.: JONQSTON OitJR J. Acres, 1b. Mattingly ... ... ... 0 fi.'B,ix,b.C61e ... ... ... :.. 0 B. Bix, b. Mattingly ... .... ... : .... 2 P. King, c. Cole, b. Browii ? ... 13 B. Pudney, b. Cole ... ... ... ... 4 W. Bix, c Featherstone, b. Brown ... 1 J. Counsel!, c Featherstone, b. Cole ... 35 B. Carr, run out ... ' ? 6 W. Bee, b. Mattihgly... ... .„ ... 1« G. Bridgman, b: Mattingly ... ... ... 1; J. Bax,xnot out ? .... ... ... 0; Byes, 3; wides,l... ? ... 4' ? ? ' ?' ? ? ? ? ' 67: BBIGHTON^JLTJB. - j — Hyde, b. B. Rix ... ..: ... —I5 B. Edwards, b. B. Ris ... ? 18; — Mattingly, b.B. Bix ... ... ... «; J. Edwards, c. H; Eix, b. J.Counsell ;.. 0! B. Featherstone, b. J. CounBell '... ;.. O T. Cole, b. j. Counsell ... - ... ... 1 W. Featherstone, b. J. Counsell ... ? .'.. ? 2, Brown, h. B. Eix ... ... ... ... 0. Highett, not out - ? .:. ? ... 3( H. Edwards, b, B. Bis. ... ... ... 1 F. Burton, c. and b. B. Eix... ... ... 0 'Wides iv. ? ... 4 ? ' '? ?*'...? , ' '' - ' ~i^ At the conclusion of the first innings the Kingstons invited their opponents to dinner air the British -Standanl Hotel at Alberton. A' second innings; was commenced, but there was not time tojalay itout. . . - It wotild appear that Professor. Half prd,; of yictoria, has succeeded, 'after.considerable study, in discovering a valuable antidote to snake poison. Several, cases' have recently transpired in Tictoria in which the fatal con sequences of snake ' bites 'have' been averted by the injection of ' strong liquid ammonia into the veins, aiud our telegram elsewhere Inen iaons an instance in which a Stationmaster on the,yict6ria.n^ 'railways was bitten, and when ;all .other ^remedies failed, Professor Halford's ammonia, injection was tried with salutary results; Snakes are very numerous this year in' thecountry districts, and the knowledge of this remedy shouldlje widely known. ' - Professor T. P. Hill has informed us that in about a fortnight he expects to be in 'Adelaides,' and will give some elocutionary enter tainments; '???' We believe Mr. Hill has . been adding considerably- to his stores of good things, «nd =will';-be able ?? to 1 present selections well worthy the hearing of his old friends and the new acquaintauces he hopes to make. - . Oh 'Taesday evening the 'Ifcev. C. Man thorpe delivered his lecture on 'The Crusades' in the Glenelg Lecture Hall, the newly elected -Mayor, Mr. E. W. Andrews/ presiding. The lecture is. a very interesting and instructive one, and .greatly delighted those who heard it, although, from the heat of the weather and other causes, the attendance 'was but limited. ' The stowage of, Vesuvians below hatches in-, a ship's hold is attended with con siderable risk. While the Glen Osmond was loading in London Captain. Angel received on board a large consignment under a guarantee there were no vesuvians contained therein. Notwithstanding all his caution, however, a case was shipped, and on Saturday it f arnphed a remarkable instance of the inflammability of the article. In removing some cargo from aft to forward .io trim the ship, a small case was shifted but ,a short distance, when it emitted smoke from every, interstice. It subsided with out -further damage ; but the consignee, who ever, he is, will have very indifferent returns from the transaction. ' A correspondent sends us : the fol lowing : — 'Ve hear that the Collector of Cus toms has issued an order to his department to the effect that no officer is to enter any hotel for the. purposes of refreshment during busi ness hours. As many of the Customs officers live at long distances from the Port, leaving home Very early J and -returning late, such' an order must be felt .by them as very hard. Surely, as in all business offices^ some arrangemetit might be made, by which one officer could relieve another for a short time, whilst recruiting the inner-man. We. fancy the- Collector himself 'would consider he -was treated- -with great severity if .such an order were issued to him by the GOvernment.'- The usual monthly meeting of the Ade laide Philosophical Society was held on Tues day evening at the South Australian Institute; Mr. 7. G. 'Waterhouse. in the chair. Mr. E. Wentzell was elected a member, and the Secre tary laid on the table volumes .of Annual Sta tistical Eegister for 1867, and part first of Transactions of Koyal Society of Victoria, issued July, 1888. After the formal business was concluded, Mr. Dixonreadan interesting paper on the subject of his process of smelting sulphurous ores of copper, which introduces a powerful blast into the furnace, somewhat similar to that used in the Bessemer, process of steel manufacture, and thus supplies oxygen to the sulphur, from which a great increase of heat is obtained, to. the manifest' saving of fueL A sample of rough copper, 95 per cent., was shown, which was' obtained from £0 per cent, regulus in this - manner, in fifteen minutes, . Mr. . Dixon described ' the dis couragements, .he. ihadj.met * with in endea voring to introduce the .process to the notice of smelters in thi& colony, a formidable diffi culty presenting itself at the outset in the necessity for apowerful engine and cylinders to provide the required blast.- After some dis cussion, in which the importance of thesubject and the apparent economy of the process were fully admitted, a vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Dixon for his paper. Dr. Schomburgk read some notes on sunflower cultivation, and proposed the trial of growing this hardy . plant as a change from wheat, the seeds being valu able for oil and oilcake, the stem for its alka line produce, and the leaves for manure. He also referred to the Angora goat, in the increase of which in these' colonies he takes a great interest, being much impressed with the value \--f its , wool and its suitability for acclimatization in these colonies. A vote of thanks, to Dr. Schomburgk and to i he .Chairman having been passed, the proceedings closed. The usual moniMy meeting of the Horticultural and Floriculture! Society was held at the Norfolk Arms on Tuesday, December 1,.T when the following gentle men were present : — Messrs. F. S. C. Driffield (Chamnaul, E. Smith, E. P. Sabine, 6v Lines, and W. Hackett -Seoretary). The thanks of the Society were voted to Dr. Schom 'blurgk for his exhibition oE flowers ; to the. Managing Committee, the Judges, and the bell-, ringers for their services at the last show. The' Sub-Committee appointed to consider the .matter of having Boxes made to hold flowers, reported a fair estimated cost, and produced modelB. It was put to the meeting -and carried unanimously that the Sub- Committe6 be pe quested toTiave receptacles made according to their plan's.1 - It was Tesolved that the next jShow should take place in. March next, the day ito be fixed at the next meeting. A SubCom mittee, coDBisting of Messrs. F. S. C. Driffield, IE, Smith, J. Bo well, Wi. Murray, and J. T. ?Gray, was appointed to preparo the prize-list I for the March . Show. Several very beautiful specimens of flowers were laid on the table; the jmost worthy of notice were an interesting col ; lection by Mr. F. S. O. Dnffield, choice fuchsias, and the new gloxinia for which Mr. E. i Smith obtained a prize at the Show. After. : various other matters had been discussed, a vote of thanks to the Chairman closed the proceed ings. The following is a comparative state ment of transactions in the Lands Titles Office during the month of November :— 1867\. 1868. Applications ... ... ... 35 42 Transfers ? 141 111 Mortgages ... ? 87 109 Leases... ... ... ... 18 28 Transfers of Mortgages ... 15 5 Discharges ... ... ... 47 49 Caveats .... .'w. ... ,3 3 Transfers of Leases ... ... 3 2 Surrenders. of Xeases --- . 1, 3 DeolarationB of Trust .... — i Licences' ... ... ... 3 2 Transmissions .... .. .... 3 3 Withdrawals of Caveats ... 2 2 Certificate of Marriage ... 1 — writ-,... ,:.,.;.. ... ..; — 1 Foreclosure .' ? ... , — 1 Certificates of Death ... — 1 359 366 .Fees of Office ... ...£3800a.6d.£3680s.8d. Value of ..laud, brought undo- Act ... ... £21,196 £42,426. The anniversary services of the Clayton Congregational Church, Kensington, were held on Sunday, the. 29th of November, when ser mons were preached/ in tbe morning by the pastor {Rev. E. Griffiths), and in the evening by the Rev. Fi W. Cox. On Tuesday evening a lecture was/delivered by the Eev. J. Hender son, of Port Adelaide, on the ' Oddities of Geniue,' tp a large audience. The Norwood Choral Society added greatly to the enjoyment of the evening by rendering in a very creditable manner several anthems, and choruses fVom the ' Messiah.' E. T. Smith, Ksq., Maybr of Nor wood and Kensington, was in the chair. The collections' on Sunday amounted to £6 2s. lGd. On Saturday afternoon, November 28, a match was played on the : North Park Lands between the: North Adelaide Young \ Men's Society and South Australian Cricket Clubs. Through some ' misunderstanding the latter were not on the grounds till late, and only then with eight men, but substitues having been;taken the match -commenced at a quarter to 4 o'clock, with the South Australian's at the wicket. They retired for a score of 51 rnns, and the Young Men's then handled the bat. At the fall of the third wicket 57 runs had been scored, and the- stumps were then drawn, leav ing the Young Men's the victors %y six runs, and with seven wickets to fall. . Appended are 'the scores: — SOOTH AUSTBAHAHS. J. Aldridge, played out ? 2 W. McMinn, L b. w. .... ... ... ... 0 TV. AldweiL.b. Crooks ... ? 6 J. Spiller, run out ... ... ? 10 F. Townsend, b. Scott ; ', ? , ... 1 R. Warburfcon,-riuirOiit ... ? 7 A. S. Chiipman,' b. Scbct ? 0 E. Samson, c. Joyner b. Scott ... ... 0 C Kingston, c. Scott b. Crooks ? 9 H. Sparks, run out ? ? 10 W. Fenn, not out ? ... 0 Byes, leg-byes, and no baMs ... ... Q Total ... ? ? 51 YOUNG MEN'S. W. d. P. J©yner,; c. Aldridge b. Townsend 12 F Searle, c. Aldridge, b. Townsend ... 0 A. Crooks; b, McMinn ... ... ... 3 E. G. Millard, not out ? ... 22 W. Hack, not out ? ? U Byes and wides ... ? 9 Total ... ... ? 57 A. work of unquestionable advantage to that portion of the .Peninsula which gains its living by the sweat of its 'brow has been per formed in a quiet and unassuming manner by Mr.' Lloyd, the : Welsh minister, in this town. -What was the1 social condition of many of the men -engaged atr the Smelting Works when Mr. Lloyd first commenced to labor amongst them, is a matter -of public notoriety ? in, Wallaroo. Too much of their. earnings went towards filling the cup that cheers, but, alas, sometimes in ebriates. The natural' consequences of this state of things were to be traced at the 'Police Court, in their homes, . and: amongst' their families. We are -safe in asserting that a large majority, of these men are now living ,tempe rately, if they are not total abstainers. They have been: formed- into a Temperance Society, which meets, every Saturday evening inthe Welsh Churchy when recitations are given, dialogues taken part in, and various, schemes of mental -development essayed. We have not heard of the number of members of this insti tution, . but it is scarcely necessary to add that it is not confined to any one class, and that all ages are represented in it. To its agency there can scarcely, be -a doubt the almost. ..total cessa tion of business at our Police Court is probably to be attributed, and those who have the good of the eommuoity at heart will not fail either to lend a helping hand to so valuable a institu tion if practicable, or, if not; to endow it with their jnost sincere, wishes for its further pros perity and increased success.- — WaUaroo Times. Mr. Randall, of liawson's Creek, Hew South. Wales, gives the Western Post a very curious report of the way in .which his wheat crop is affected by rust this year. One half the head =of the rwheat has the. grain. entirely. de- stroyed by- rust, and the other contains plump graia. andlhat in a most singular way. From the- base to the top of the :ear two rows of the grain are destroyed, and the two rows on the opposite side aire- entirely free from it. ' He says that the blighted side has an easterly aspect. We have made various enquiries, and the oldest settlers declare they, never heard of afield being so strangely affected. The common blasting powder is being to a great extent supplanted by gun cotton in mining, but the use of the latter explosive is attended with great danger to those who do not attend to' the ? proper rules for charging and tamping. The Bendigo JdU vertiser give the following account of an accident from this cause on the diggings : — ' It appears that early on Tuesday morning, in/Bonati'aaid Co.'s claim, New Chum, a -miner named Christian Prumbeck .was engaged tamp ing a hole with the patent gun cotton when the cotton suddenly exploded, causing very serious injuries to his face, arms, and body.1 The in juiestothe.eyeB were so serious that possibly the sight one will be lost and. the 'other imparaL The' cause of the «xplo3ionls believed to be the compression of the air. . It appears that while in the abUon of tamping,' the -man found more than once that the rod rebounded, as if struck against india-rubber, or ' some such .soft re pelling substance. . ;[ Immediately before 'the explosion took place, the man had withdrawn the rod, or it is probable it would have killed ? his. mate, who was standing in front of the hole.' The following distressing picture of the effects of drought in New South Wales appears in the Wagga Wagga Advertiser :—*' Recent report's from the . stations between the Mur rumbidgee and the Lachlan represent the state of the country there as most deplorable. There is neither water nor grass ; the inexorable sun has destroyed both, and for all practical pur poses squatters might as well attempt to pas ture their flocks upon deal hoards, or invest ina choice slice of the desert of Sahara or the Sydney Common. Owing to the long drought, there has this year been no spring in the grass ; all that remains is the dry stubble of the previous year's gro«rth, that crumbles beneath . the touch and is blown away by the first wind. Upon lha UMubstaatial diet, with. such. water, about the consistency of rich cream, as they can get, the .sheep of Ahe district have to subsist. The consequence, of course., is deaths by whole sale, and a terrible'' prospect for the squatter, unless he makes iip his mind to travel and seek pastures new oniifieruns of his more fortunate neighbors. Bare as. the country now is about Wagga Wagga, it is described as 'a perfect ParadiBe,' compared, with these parched and desolate regions. One gentleman who has lately returned, as he puts it, from 'a cruise in the infernal regions,' made a detour on his return journey of several miles, describing two sides of an isosceles triangle, to escape the horrors of again passing over this miserable waste.' The Penola correspondent of the Mount Gambler Standard sends the following particulars to that paper: — 'Considerable sensation was created here yesterday by the discovery of the remains of Thomas McKinlay, in a paddock a short distance from the town. The discovery was , -made by » Mr. Hugh Came ron. The body -was; to a very great extent, wasted by decomposition, so much so as almost to be past recognition of features. Deceased had been missing from, his home for about nine days. As he had wandered away on previous occasions and been found making towards Mel bourne it was believed he had gone off in that direction. . The police had been out looking for him, and making enquiries for two. days. Deceased was subject to occasional visitations from insanity, and had been once or twice before the Magistrates' Court. The appearance of the body leads: to the belief that deceased: committed suicide by cutting bis throat. Part of the implements used in his trade (a tailor) were found with the remains; I may add that the police did. not receive information of the man being missing till he had been absent from his home for six or seven days. - Judging from the appearance of the remains, deceased must; have been dead at least about eight days. .De ceased was a married man, and has left^ widow and five young children, 1 he eldest of whom is only about nine years of age. Much sympathy is felt for Mrs. McKinlay and .the poor orphan children.'. An inquest was held on the body, and the finding of the Jury was, that the de ceased had cut his throat whilst in a state of temporary insanity. A practical, farmer sends us (Kapunda Herald)- the following notes of a trip from Angas Park to Adelaide with respect to the appearance of the crops on the way: — 'From Augas Park to Tanunda early crops look well — the late crops, short and thin ; the Bay of Biscay land ia everywhere a good deal mixed with oats. The iakeall is worst in wet land and in the furrows. I think draining might cure' it ; .deep ploughing, will not. Tanunda to Lyndoch Valley fair, crops, but dirty. Lyndoch to Williamstown, middling ; a good deal of takealL : Williamstown to Chain of Ponds, very little wheat. Potatoes look well, and the gardens generally about the Chain of Ponds; . The open .land is as scrubby now as it was [20 years age. The cutting of sletpers for the railway is clearing off spmje 'fine timber, and helps to keep 'the inhabitants in employment. Many that sowed wheat last year had to buy their flour, and some of them did not sow any this year. Chain .of - Ponds to Teatree Gully — nearly all gardens in the gullies, which are of fine, black, wetsoiL The fences, are generally old posts and rails covered with rose bushes of all kinds'; they are beautiful to look at, and a good fence. The hills are scrubby and steep, as if the people had set their paddocks on edge so as to grow a crop on both sides of them, but somehow they always got the. stony side up permost. A great deal .of cutting has been doae on the main lines, and the roads are metalled throughout. Fine young saplings, are growing' on the sides of the road with out any hindrance to traffic ; but if a tree is growing on the road-side in the North it is rooted out. .Instead of that, if they would plant the Toad sides with any kind that would grow, they would be an ornament and a shade. The. crops from the hills to Adelaide are very good — -nearly ! all 'hay and , barley, which pay better than wheat. I returned by the Para Plains, but as the crops have been described in the papers, I will only, mention Enfield, which has improved greatly since I saw it last. It is the only place where I have seen a long avenue enclosed on both sides. with- native pines, in fine healthy condition. I do not under« stand the roads on these Plains. - The rail way was made with the people's __ money, and is paying something towards its own work ing expenses— the main roads are also made with the people's money, but pay nothing to wards their own maintenance. In this case., between Gawler and Adelaide,' the railway and main line are' runnitig. side by side — two oppo sition lines worked at a loss by the same Com pany. I believe our Government is not clever enough to make them both pay, so they had. better throw ' up one of them. Any private company could make the railway pay ; and if the Parliament will make the District Councils a present of the other, they will find the rail way pay better, and a burden off their hands.' A friend who had an. interview with a passenger from Cape York has communicated the following to- the' Gladstone Observer: — ' The Hamlet's Ghost, with the spurious Count Attems on board, put into Somerset .{Cape York) about the 15th of August. , On being boarded by the police boat he made enquiries as to whether a frigate had arrived there, and on being answered in the affirmative became agitated and eagerly enquired about her mover meats, but appeared relieved when told that the vessel was H.M.S. Virago, and that she had left the settlement in January. He remained eight days, and during the whole time, kept a bright look-out for vessels in the offing. The captain and crew were discharged in conse quence of a row between the 'Count ' and th? captain, in which revolvers were drawn. The crew refused to put the captain in irons, it appears that the Count had. kept thein in awe by threatening to give them 25 lashes apiece when he fell in with the Austrian frigate he was always expecting. The acting, police magis: trate induced -the crew to re-ship under, a fresh agreement, all but the captain and steward, who remained behind. While in port the Count was always dressed ia the uniform of an Austrian captain of cavalry, and wore a sword when on shore. He made a great : display of the money he had with him, and purposely left bills of ex change lying about his cabin for visitors to see, ' many of which were filled in; for large amounts, and only wanted his signature. He succeeded in imposing upon the authorities, taking sup plies for his vessel and paying.for them in bills, which the holdara will doubtless idisebver are about as valuable as drafts upon Aldgate pump. Amongst those who were swindled are two naturalists — one named Thorpe! The Count bought stuffed birds, &c.;, from7 them to the amount of about £30, but some slight compunc tion must have touched him, for- contrary to custom, he paid them half in cash and half .by a bill. He sailed for Batavia on the eighth day, leaving letters for the captain, of the Austrian frigate, and his bankers in Sydney. The frigate was ordered to follow bim on to. Timor. The captain he has' with him is one Austin, . late ? master of the brig Reliance, which was wrecked on the Solomon-group- He was picked up and brought into Bowen, whence he shipped as mate on board the Hamlet's Ghosfc Two days after she left Somerset, the schooner Captain' Cook arrived from Bowen, with a warrant for the ar rest of -the Count.' . The ; Darling correspondent of the Southern Argus; .writing from Wilcannia .on the 12th inpt?, states that the tracks of Thun derbolt and his mate led in on the river not far above the township, and that it.is supposed he has struck across to the Lachlan, by way of the Barrier, to South Australia. On Tuesday evening, December l,.the annual soiree in connection, with the Hind marsh Institute took place before - a large audience, the chair' .being occupied (in the absence of the President) by Dr. Foster. The programme consisted of an exceedingly in teresting lecture on the ' Oddities of Dean Swift,' by the Eev!. S. Green. E. Ward, Esq.^ recited 'Claude Melnotte's Apology,' 'Mary Queen of Scots,' and Tenny son's 'Charge of the Light Brigade.' In responding to an unanimous, .recall, the elocu tionist gave with.forcible effect, Sir W. Scott'B ' Young. Lochinvar.' The entertainment Wais also well sustained by the vocal efforts of Miss Tait and Messrs. Hunwick and -Ellis. A notice- : able feature in the programme was the first public appeal ance of Miss Chapman (a niece of the late Charles Kean, Esq.,) who not only proved herself an accomplished pianist,. but ex cited considerable interest by her brilliant per formance; of the ' Tarentalla.' The soiree was brought to a close by the usual complimentary thanks. By the overland mail we have one day's later papers from Melbourne. There is no news of interest from the North this- week. The weather still continues diy and hot. His Excellency . lieutenant - Colonel Hamley will inspect the four Adelaide infantry companies of volunteers and the Reedbeds troop of cavalry on the parade ground in front of the Armory on Saturday afternoon next. An entertainment is to^be given a White's Rooms next Monday evening in aid of the St. Paul's Church Furniture Fund. It will be of a musical and literary nature, concluding with a lively farce, the characters in which will be sustained by well-known gentlemen amateurs. We are requested to call attention to Mr. Joseph Gillard's advertisement in our busi ness columns of colonial wine of his own growth for sale. Mr. Gillard obtained silver medals at the Duke of Edinburgh's Exhibition on the Park Lands for Sauterne, Sherry, and Constantia, and was equally successful at the Intercolonial Show in Melbourne. and the Grand Paris Ex hibition. A native industry carried on with such skill and success deserves to be encouraged. We understand that all the shares in the Prince Alfred Mine, a discovery recently made about 90 miles from Port Augusta, have been taken up. The Company is rather of a private than a public character. The property was offered in 6,000 shares of £2 each, 2,500 to be issued to the promoters as paid-up shares, and the remainder were token up without hesi ta'ian by fourteen or fifteen gentlemen who had confidence in the value of the discovery. An immense number of applicationsj£were declined, the list being full. Specimens of the ore have been brought into Adelaide. They are very rich, and consist of red oxide and green carbonates. . It is with very sincere regret that we learn that the -Rev.-C.' W. Evans, B.A., pastor of the Stow Congregational Church, has been ordered by his medical adviser to relinquish for a time; his ministerial work; It has been known for a considerable period that the rev. gentleman's health has been in such a weak state as to cause much uneasiness amongst his friends and people. We now hear that Mr. Evan has made known to his' church that his doctor has recommended cessa tion from labor for a period of 12 months, and has suggested that a voyage to England would be conducive to his restoration to physical strength. We believe thfe correspon dence has been entered into with gentlemen in Victoria and New South Wales, with a view to the supply of Mr. Evan's place daring his enforced retirement. We are sure that this intjmation. will cause the greatest regret amongst all Christian denominations. The judges in the Society of Arts com petition gave their awards on Monday last, and expressed themselves pleased with the progress, of the Society, as shown in the number and character of the paintings and other works of art submitted to them. We defer publishing the - awards till we can give- them with the. judges report, which we understand will be. ready shortly. A fatal accident occurred on Wednesday evening at Norwood, to a person named Brookman. It appears he was assisting a friend to break a colt, and ? mounting the animal he fastened a rope with which it had been led round his wrist, taking several' turns of the cord. . The colt commenced plung ing, threw the rider, and dragged him till the poor fellow's head came violently in contact with a post. Shortly . he was dashed against another post, and the colt running round became fastened thereto, the man still being attached to the cord. , The animal then kicked furiously, striking the man in the head. During this time -the neighbors and spectators had been making unavailing efforts to render assistance, and when they at last- succeeded in releasing the man he was quite dead. . We un derstand ' he had been, frequently cautioned' against the practice of fastening horses to him self, but paid no heed to the .caution. ... We are informed that Messrs. Manders and Harvey, contractors for a portion of the Port Wakefield Kail way, liave commenced ah action againt the Government for upwards of £2,000, the cause of dispute being a disagree ment with the Engineer-in-Chiief as to the quality of the work, upon which it was pro posed by the Government to annul the contract, and payment was stopped. ; 