THE QUORN PACK. Once more, and this time with reluctant spirit, I resume my pen. I would it were in my power to enter con amore into a glowing and fervid ' description of the last meet of the Quorn Pack, i but, alas ! I fear that like unto the days of chivalry, the glories of the " hunting field in this district, if not finally departed, emit but a faint and expiring glimmer. It was not always so in Campbell Town. In former days, the meets which then took place wore justly renowned for the large attendance of genuine and plucky sportsmen, and for the ardent zest with which one and all entered into and displayed in the cultivation of what is indubitably the noblest and most daring of manly sports. I must now, however, proceed to give you an account of our spin of last Saturday. Do not suppose from the preceding remarks that it is unworthy of record, far from it for, though the attendance from the causes I have adverted to, or some others, did not perhaps exceed two and twenty, the sport met with came fully up to the expectations of those present. The early forenoon, though somewhat moist, fortunately cleared up soon enough to enable us to reach the hunting ground selected near Quorn. There, under the directions of that prince of sportsmen, their master, the staunch little beauties composing the Quorn Pack were cast looso,andsetto their appointed task. Almostoutho instant a clamorous burst of melody, which made the hills and woods re-echo, betokened the game to be afoot, and away they dashed on the trail of a long-tailed marsupial. After a short but exceedingly rapid and exciting burst, the doomed victim sought safety in the centre of a large water tank, where, perhaps, he flattered himself security was obtained is but, poor Joey ! he knew nothing of the indomitable and vindictive character of his bloodthirsty enemies ยก his harbor of refuge was speedily violated. First dashed to the encounter a noble-looking little animal of English birth, his colonial relatives politely yielding him the pas ; but, almost incredible to relate, the son of Old Albion did not feel at home in the watery clement, and declined coming to close quarters with the quarry : then, as if to put to the blush the representatives of his ancestors, a young spotted Tasmanian plunged in, and swimming with all the easy vigor of a spaniel,, dauntlessly seized the prey, and triumphantly bore him to the shore, where, under the combined assault of his numerous assailants, poor Joey soon gave up the ghost. After the performance of the usual ceremonies which generally take place on a pause of the sort, we proceeded further in quest of a stag. Our search was more than sufficiently rewarded, for we put up some dozens ; of which number we hunted two or three individuals with unflinching perseverance, but without success. a result which I anticipate will generally prove the case, as those sleek and agile creatures are too well breathed, and too much at home on the steep and wood embarrassed hills of Quorn, to succumb to such diminutive specimens of the canine race as those now used for the purpose of their capture. Not that I do not believe that the gallant little dogs of Quorn could give a good account of the greatest buck did they come on him on the plains, and removed from the neighborhood of his too numerous companions. I cannot hero do justice to every act of prowess performed on this day, let it suffice to say that they were worthy of the admiration and imitation of a greater concourse. Many a mile did we gallop over hill and through scrub, over many a deadwood and stub as high and far more unyielding than the most terrific looking array of rails still onward cheered by that harmonious babble so dear and so inspiring to the sportsman. Some spills occurred 'tis true, but unhurt, and with a laughing " all right" each son of Nimrod, as he shook himself together after his contact with Mother Earth, sprang to his saddle, and resumed his scarcely retarded course. Yet before the gloomy mantle of night rendered all things obscure we were destined to have for a finish as fine a run as is often witnessed. The Fates ordained that we should cross the scent of a veteran brush kangaroo, who proved himself to be one of the fleetest and most enduring of his species ; a pretty distance he led us, and at a pretty pace, but just as his flagging energies barely sufficed to keep him clear from the eager jaws of the nearest hounds, to a great hollow log presented itself, into which, with desperate preserva- tive instinctive forced his way, and fairly jammed himself in its interior ; there he or his remains are, in my opinion, to be found now, as all efforts to expel him proved vain, for he had entombed himself alive. Mon, horses, and dogs now evidently had nearly enough for the day, and the first named I can vouch for the fact felt tolerably hungry. So towards our evening rendezvous at Mine Host Smith's, of the Caledonian, nothing loth, and well satisfied with our performances, we sped our way, there to partake of of what we well knew from past experience would prove a delightful and effective counter-action to the fatigue which pervaded our almost exhausted frames. The dinner was as ever under such auspices a complete success. The chair was occupied by T. B. Clarke, Esq., the generous and hospitable master of the pack, and rallied round him were a select few enthusiasts, in whom the ancient spirit had not yet, and never will, become quite extinct. After dinner the usual loyal toasts were announced from the chair, and duly honored. The chairman in performing that pleasing duty could not help adverting to the disappointment felt by him at the paucity of attendance characterising this and other moods of late he lamented the fact, but he might assure those present that so long as he could not but two followers, be, at least, would never relinquish a sport which he so clearly loved and admired a sentiment which elicited warm and unfeigned applause, A short interval having elapsed,. the vice-chairman arose, Lands said it was his pleasing duty to propose the health of their honored chairman. It does not fall within the province of this communication to fully detail the well deserved eulogium passed by the spanker on the gentleman who was its subject. He painted a just and graphic picture of the dulness and monotony of existence in a country district, and claimed as a public house factor a gentleman who had both the means and the inclination to infuse a vivifying principle into the stagnant blood of his neighbors, and to call from the dimmed eyes of the trammelled slave of business an occasional glance of sunshine. Other toasts were drunk, and responded to in suitable and appropriate terms and after the lapse of of a few hours passed in social converse and vocal contributions of excellent quality, we adjourned for the evening, very well satisfied with the day's result and its concluding banquet. TOM MOODY. 