The Sydney Morning Herald TUESDAY, JULY 28, 1868. We are glad to find from the letter of our cor- respondent, "A French Priest," in another column, that he at least acquits us of misstate ment. He, however, observes that " the case as stated in your Thursday's issue is materially altered by the circumstances you mentioned." We muBt recall the attention of our corres- pondent to the original words. The example was quoted to show that even under what might be supposed to be stringent rules of the con- ventual system there had been a priest who had written in favour of Atheism, and that he had reported that his views received the concurrence of his monastic brethren. We did not imply, nor could it be understood, that we were speaking | of a contemporary writer, or of a person recently dead. That was an inference hardly possible, considering the state of parties in France. But in the life of a nation what is an age ! Dosi DrscHAsirs may have baptized living men. He lived just before the Revolu- tion. He was a correspondent of Rousseau, of Didebct, of Voltaibe, and others, and their letters in answer to his own recognise his opinions. He was the founder, indeed, of a system well known among his friends-debated and disputed,-he made proselytes, and left behind him those who warmly espoused his doctrine. He was not by any means a person obscure and unknown, but he seems to have occupied a position of distinction in his monastery. All this is beyond doubt, and does not depend on the manuscript supposed to be his work. With respect to the reflections thrown upon the reviewer by our correspondent, we must say they are very gratuitous. M. Janet, a member of the Institute, is a distinguished writer in opposition to Atheism in all its phases. There are few who stand so high among those who maintain the being of a God and the spiritual nature and immortality of the soul. No man has expressed more regret at the tendency of infidelity in France, and at the gross forms of materialism which are absorbing the literary and scientific men of that country. These things, no doubt, are not now in France. The sect of Atheists constituted a part of that coterie which divided the philosophical world with Voltaire and his followers. Whoever will turn to the social history of France prior to the first revolution will find in the highest walks the prevalence of every kind of scepticism to a greater degree compared with other things than in the present age. Whatever might have been the cause, all belief had been sponged from the French mind among those who pretended to literary distinction, and it would be very difficult for our correspondent to point out any eminent writer of that epoch who did not treat Christianity as a delusion, and admit as an open question the being of a God. The alliance between the dis- solute of manners and atheism has been marked in every age. It has been admitted by the most distinguished writers on the side of infidelity sometimes in tones of exultation and at others with regret. Through all historic limes the proof is past doubt that whenever a nation has been devoted to pleasure, to luxury, to self-in- dulgence, to the disdain of human rights, there are two consequences which follow : a rejection of all serious belief in God, and a disposition to have recourse to demonology, to enchantments, and to all the follies of a corrupt superstition. Such was the case at the Voltairian epoch, and such have been from time to time the develop- ments of France continued to the present day. Tho same causes are producing more or less the same effects both in England and America. It was during the epoch of a scornful scepticism that the infidel principles penetrated far into the monasteries of France, where they found some of the most ruthless, daring, and cruel instruments of the Revolution. How far such principles extended may be inferred from a statement of M. Thiers, in his cele- brated chapter on the Concordat, that there were at the time that instrument was signed and sealed ten thousand married priests in France. We fear we cannot flatter ourselves that the consequences of the general perturbation of the human mind which existed before, and aided in promoting the Revolution in France, have ceased. Our correspondent is disposed to take excep- tion to a quotation from a periodical admitting infidel writings. We have not quoted a syllable of that character except for the purpose of condemning it. But this we are bound to say, that if we were not to quote from any literary publication in France, excepting, of course, those that are organs of religious parties,—in which there shall not be found anything opposed to our views of Christianity as well as to those of our correspondent,—we should be shut out from almost all the scientific and literary writings of the first class. We shall pro- bably not agree as to the causes which have led to this undesirable result. We shall not pro- bably concur in the sources of that indifference to Christianity which prevails to such an extent among the literary men of France. It is no doubt in part from their gregarious habits irom the corporation spirit which they imbibe. They speak of their opponents as Christians, and of themselves as philosophers. How far this goes may be inferred even from a recent speech of M. Theirs in the Legislative Assembly, while making a warm appeal on behalf of the Papacy and of the temporal power, and eulogising the worship of the Roman Catholic Church. He at the same time broadly intimated, evidently to re- concile to this general commendation, that he was a philosopher. There is something due to the Revue des Deux Mondes in regard to the sweeping denunci- ations which have been cast upon it. Its writers are not all infidel. The greater part of the papers are of a scientific and historic charac ter. On the other hand, there are some deci dedly and emphatically Christian, if one may judge, from their writings. A distinguished Minister under Louis Philippe—M Guiz0t, —well known for his writings among ortho- dox Protestants- is one of them Tor example, on the 10th June, 1866, an article appeared under his name-" Meditations on the actual state of the Christian religion in France " Another article appears, 1st July, 1867, in which he refers to the former, quoting a letter from M dl Babbante, an eminent writer and statesman, rectently deceased. His friend, writing to M Guizoi, sajs -"I thank you, my dear frnend, for the book which jou have had the good ness to send me. It is worthy of yOu, and will do much good. The 18th century was, above all, raised against the authority of religion, now the depute is the existence of God " Commenting upon this, M Guizot continues -' These thoughts and religious sentiments, or-to call things by their right names—Christian beliefs and hopes, were become the constant and ruling occupation of M Barrante. He did not look on the earth, or regarded human affairs but from a distance , alwayS with the same affectionate interest but with the serenity which he acquired in an atmosphere moie lofty and more pure. It was in this fine disposition of soul that he quitted his domestic hearth- his wife-his children-all he loved below, and that country which he had well senved and honoured, and which in its turn owes him an honourable remembrance as one of its most distinguished and worthy children " M Guizoi will bardiy be objected to, although a Protestant, by our coirespondent, since he nas distinguished himself in regaid to the temporal power of the Papacy. There are other writers whose woiks have recently appeared who, if we comprehend aright, could be leader en by " a French Priest ' with satisfaction, such as the eloquent papers of Amedee Ikilbey on the life of Chbisosiom", and the various forms of monasticiom and Christian opinion disclosed in the time of St Jïbome and St Augusiine as well as on the establishment of the monasteries at Rome and Jerusalem Still more recently have appeared a series of papers in which e\en the most exalted s)mpath) could hardl) 6ay moie on behalf of the Porr who made the Con- cordat and who afterwards became a captne in Fiance '1 he discussions with reference to the being of God and the immortality of the soul, now I exciting such interest in France, ore closely j allied to psychology. We have r¿ad nothing more able than M. Janet's examination of the doctrines of phrenology ; nothing more clearly showing that, whatever organic relation there may be between the brain and the thought, it exists under conditions such as are totally in- consistent with the ordinary doctrines of phren- ology. In concluding a long article on this subject, M. Janet, speaking of the immortality of the soul, remarks : " Science, we say, does not know how to respond to these doubts and questions, but there will be eternally a point of support to faith, because man does not wish to die wholly. It little signifies to him even that his metaphysical being exists unless it conserves with existence recognition and love." If the decrees of Divine justice require the personal immortality of the soul, such immor- tality has nothing in it in itself contradictory, although we are unable to obtain any idea of the conditions according to which it would be possible. The embryo before its biith knows r.othirg of the conditions of the life lo which it will one day be called. For us also death, it may be, is only a birth, and that which we fancy is the extinction of mind may be but its deliverance. However vast may be our science, it cannot pretend to have sounded the abyss of the possible, and to have obtained ' all limits. That which is is not the measure of that which may be. That which points (o a vague possibility is very little without doubt to satisfy the ardent ambitions of the soul. Ii is, however, enough that it is not denied to the wise man- following the beautiful expression of Socbates-to be " enchanted with so noble a hope." Every writer in the Revue des Denis Mondes signs his name, and is responsible for himself alone. Was our correspondent then just in saying-respecting writers like M. Guizot, Tin emby, and Count D'Hanssonville and Janet-" They would not lose the opportunity of claiming a monastic example, however doubt- ful, in favour of their systems?" THE NEW RAILWAY TIMETABLE — A new railway timetable has been framed by the Commissioner for Railways, preparatory for the opening of the Southern extension to Marulan, on the 6th of next month. There are no alterations of the suburban trains in this new table, and only such alterations in the through-trains as will be rendered necessary by the greater length of line over which the trains will run. Thus, the morning mail tram from the country will leave Marulan at 2.10 a.m., and Sutton Forest at 3.25, instead of 3.45 as at present; and in order that the corresponding train on the Western line may run in conjunction with that on the Southern line, the train from the westward will leave Mount Vittoria at 2.45 a.m., and Penrith at 5.30, instead of 3 and 5.45, as at present. This train will leave the Parramatta Junction at 6.33 a.m., instead of 6.50, and arrive in Sydney at 7.5, instead of 7.20, as at present. There will be no alteration in the down trains. The train leaving Sydney at 9 a.m. will arrive at Marulan at 2.25, and the ordinary up-train will leave Maru- lan at 1.20 p.m., to arrive in Sydney at 6.20, as at present. Provision is made in the new time-table for putting down and taking up passengers at the platform near the Weatherboard Falls, 61 miles from Sydney, and at Govett’s Leap near Blackheath, 72 miles from Sydney. No 1 train from Sydney will arrive at the former place at about 10.45 a.m., and at the latter at about 11.30, returning at 2 p.m. and 2.30 p.m. respectively. A feature in the new time-table will be the printing of the time for the mail trains in red ink. A new rates sheet will also be published, and in this some trifling alterations will be made in the classification of goods as experience has shown to be desirable. The Late Dr Bland - The late Brother Dr Bland, having visited the Unity Lodge of Freemasons on the 16th June last, expressed himself so pleased with his reception that he determined to join the lodge. The ballot for his admission was to have taken place on the evening of the day of his decease. Upon the W. M. announcing to the lodge that in consequence of Brother Bland's lamented death his name would have to be withdrawn, Brother Frederick Lee moved, and Brother William Walker seconded, - "That the members of Unity Lodge hereby express their deep sorrow for the death of their late lamented Brother Dr William Bland, the loss of whom as a brother and philanthropist, 'not alone to Masons but the whole community,' must be regarded as a calamity, and they desire to record their deep sympathy, and offer respectful condolence with his widow. Signed on behalf of the Lodge, GEORGE COMMINS, W.M.; FREDERICK LEE, Treasurer; WILLIAM WALKER, Senior Deacon. " - In pursuance of this resolution, a deputation consisting of W Brother George Commins, W.M., and Brothers Frederick Lee and William Walker waited upon the widow of the late Dr Bland, and presented her with the foregoing address, to which Mrs. Bland made the following reply -"To the Worshipful Master and Members of the Unity Lodge, No 1169, E.C. Gentle men,-1 accept, with a senso of much gratitudo nnd thank- fulness, tho cxpiession of x our feelings of Bjmpathv and condolence with mo in mj deep berea\ement Tho public urtucB of mj late lamented husband aro widely known, nnd must ox cr remain on record in tho historj of this colonx , but tho still moro sterling qualities of his nature, as shewn in his prix ato life, can onlj be nglitlv estimated bx those who lnv\oonjoj ed his friendship, and bj in j self, who ha\e for the last tncntj j ears dailj witnessed and felt the hnppj influence of nis noble and unsolfish character - LL17A Blam), 28, College sheet, Julj 2o, 1868 " LitTLiiL n\ the Rex Du Tuckeu-A lecturo on the Greek Church was delivered yesterday o\cning in Saint Philip's bchoolroom, by the Itev Dr Tucker There was not a xcrj numerous audionce The chair was taken bhortlj beforo 8 o clock bj tho Dean of Sjdney Tho pro- ceedings were piefoced xuth prajer, nfler which tho chair man stated that tho lecturo xvusonoof a aeries to bo deli \crcd to the members of St Philip s Mutual Improtoment Socitlj, exp e«std his regret nt tho smallncss of tho attend- ance, nnd inlrodmed tho lecturer to tho mooting Dr luckcr, xvhoxwisrcceixed with npplauso, said that no less than Go,000,000 persons wero embraced in tho Greek (-.lurch, 60,000 000 of xvhich x\oro in Russia, 12 000,000 m lurkej, and tho rest in Egjpt and othn j hccB Lfloits wue being mado to bring about tho uni« u of tho x nrioub Cln ibtinu churches, and it was thought (lint tLe Gicek Church would jield moro readilj to such umtu than tho Romish Church "When tho Christian Chinch xins dnven from Jeni-jilem, fi\o citios of tho last leenmo scats of tho mtliopohtan bishops Thoo chinches x*ero original!) Greek Thur prayors wero in the G leek language, as also x\cro their rituals, tho lnscm Iicls en their tombs, c-c Tbo first departuro from this rule w»a tho translation of the Bible into Latin, and tho CLiittinn doctnue soon began to bo taughtm that language nfter this there arose n diwsion among tho Churches, in consequence of a chango m tho position of tho icwporal power, and the Bishop of Constantinople j ici ided oxer a diflerent class ot worshippers to tho Bishop i f He nie Up to this period tho Christian Church was ono and undivided, but, at this time, tho Bishop of Romo tia ni ed tho 6upremacj o\er the Bishop of Constantinople, ni d Ins elaim was resisted This caused the breach botwoon the two Churches, and gaxo riso to several so\ero contro \titier such as that known ns (ho " Arran controversy " i ho contro\eisj ubout mingo worship, &c; Thoro was ene xci) serious disputo about tho introduction of cci tam xi oids into tho Niceno creed After somo years lind passed the Gieek Chuicli repudiated theso xvords, and stigmatised then introduction as hores) Theso words wen lioxN na lmpassablo hamer betwoen tho Greek and Ucn an Chinches 1 hero \vero disputes about allowing pnests to marr)-about allowing tho monks when thoy weie sick to cat meut-about allowing bishops to woar iin¡ f-and about the uso of unltatoncd bread m tho Lucluiibt Iho mo°t serious breach, howover, was caused lv tho proclamation of tho supro niiicx of tho Bishop of Rome This was protested ngainst hy tho Bishop of Constantinople, who was thereupon excommunicated, and tho result was that there had been hobtilit) between tho two Chuiches oxer since Aftciwaids there was a meeting of delegates from the Lislern Chinches at x\hich there was a show of unit) I he deb gates, under feat of the Tuiks, who wero anxious loi an alliance with Rome, subsciibed to all the doctrines of Re me But the) wero not upheld hy their Churches, and n.dccd tlicx ofteiwnrds repudiated thoir act, stating that tliex had been forced into it b) fear Tilt Ueoch between the Chuiches was renowed andwasncui again healed up, although manj olTorts to atttinilish then union were made Iho Greek Church wat xtrx biflei against the Church of Romo, and con- sidered the lattei us Anticlnist 'lhcieforo it would bo seen that union between tho Greek and Roman Churches at the piefcnt dal was not xel) probable The Greek Chuich bod unsted nil Roman inno\ations, but nt tiro Bamo timo Dux had ncejuired suerai idolatrous customs, and many fe miulns, w Inch had conti lbuted to strengthen tho a\ crsion entertained to Christianity bj the Moslems nnd Jews II c lectuiei proceeded to point out tho differences between the Angheiin and tho Greek Churches, quoting extracts in liluttraticn of the subject Ho showed that b) the An^lium ritual tho Hoh ¡scripture was said to contain all things nccessar) for saltation, and that by tho Grook ritual " tradition " was mado a chief clement Wo bo htwd m justification bj faith , the Greek Church boho\ed in justification bj xiorks-by penances, fasts, ole The Greek Church hod tho light of granting absolution not onlj to tho lixing but to tho dead These xuio points x\hich Bcenied lo indicate that tho Gicek mid Anglican Churches could no\cr bo brought into union Tho Greek Church had se\en snernmects, which wero divided into two classes -those which were indispensably necessary to sahation, and those xvhich xv ero îcndered necessary by something elso It held also tho doctrino of transubstantiation, and that no bnptitm wnsxnlid unless tho person bapli/ed wero im- mersed three times-m tho name of tho Father, and of tho Son, and of the Holx Ghost Tho invocation of saints was olson doctrino of tho Greek Church The Virgin Mary was deified, and in her nnmo w ero presented prayers which x\ould seem to us little less than blasphemies lhey wor- st»] ped pictures and relics, and in thoir catechisms gnvo rcaf ont for so doing To talk of unity with tho Greek Church xtnsidlc, and worse than idle Tho proper word was "refor- mation," and there xvas much to encourage tho idoa that this Church xi ould bo led to renounce its orrors and adopt the simple rules of Chnstinnity as taught byourBiblo "We were able lo hope that tho j oik of superstition xvould fall fi oin their necks, and that thoy would join with us At tho cIoeo of the discourso n voto of thanks was accorded to the lcctmer, and tho meeting closed with tho singing of the Doxologj Small Bobe RrrLE Ci un -The monthly mooting of fins club for practico took placo at tho Volunteor Riflo Rnngo on last Saturday afternoon, hut in consequonco of tho races at Rund wick, i.c , there wero only four members of the dub present at tho Bhooting Tho practico was at 200 and 300 j ords, ten Ehots at each rango, any rino, any posi- tion , "Wimbledon targets und scoring Tho wind xias froth and unstcadx from tht southwurd Mr rrcomau used a Metford rifle, and flrod m tho back position for tho first timo The following mo the scores - 200 loo Mr lynch , 4444418444-30 133,1114344-34 73 Buehelle 3444443344-37 1I3J4J8J44-31 71 Lindley 443J41II43-37 J342344333-32 69 Freeman ,.,.. ," 4433331333-33 3333393232-28 61 lui Rlv Thomas Smith -Tho numerous fi-ionda of the nbe\t lev gentleman will l>o glad toloora that ho is piot,iisBing \eiy favourablj, and ia oxpootod Bhortly to icsitiiic his duticfl Amu i as ov "Wi LCOMK to Mu Holt -A mooting of Ihr-inhabitants of Newtown nnd tho surrounding districts took jilaro jcBleidoj o\cning, m tho largo hall of tho New- town School of Aits, for tho purposo of presenting an adelics« of welcomo to Mr Holt, of tho "Warroti Imme- diately after tho ictuin of Mr Holt fioni Europe sovernl of the aldoimcn of IS cw town presented an address of wolcomo tn him, bul as the people generally had no voico in tuo matter, and as man) of them declined to considor that thoy lind been lcprcstnted by tho informal nction of asoctisn of tho Council, arrangements xvera mado for tho mooting which was held yesterday The room wns donsoly crow dod, und a considei afilo nunioci wero unablo lo gam admittance Ame ng those present wero Mr J T Josophson, M L A , the Rui S C Kent, Mr A II Richardson, Mr Alder- man Payten, tho Rov G King, Mr Aldormnn Coupons, Mr Alderman Conlo), tho Rov POro Gaiavol, Mr C Holleton, Mr H Phillips, Mr D Henry, Mr G "W Uni ker Tho platform was occupied for tho most jail bj members of tho committee When Mr Holt (who was accompanied by his two (.ona) entcied tho hall, ho xvas warmly cheorcd The ebon waa occupied hy Mr C "Whately, who ox plained thoobject of tho meeting, und dwelt nt somo length upon tho impoitant and valuable services rondoroel to thiB colony bj Mr Holt, whom ho described as a public bono fnctor, and one for whoso prcsenco many an orphan and widow had lind reason to rejoico (Cheers) Mr "Wobber, scerctir), after somo prefatory observations, road an addiesB, which xvas Bigncd hy tho commiltoo and a lai go number of tho pooplo of Newtown and its neighbourhood It sot forth that when the) last had tho plcasuro of meeting Mr Holt, prior lo his departuro for Europe, tho unanimous expres- sion of tho meoting was that that God xvhom ho served would gixo tho winds and waxoe a charge concerning him, and that ho might bo brought back in safety. Thoy wero glad when thoy learnt that ho had reached tho continont of Europo in good health, and found that his xvifo and family enjo)ed tho Bamo blessing By his contributions to tho Press the) saw that ho had not forgotten his adopted homo ïhcj wero now met to wolcomo Turn back to tho colony, and heped that ho would not regrot his return (Choors ) Mr Holt expressed his stirpriBO at seeing so largo an nttendnnce, nnd tho gratitudo ho felt at tho kindness which had been shown him sinco his return from Europo Ho was axvarc that ho had, at different times, and in unguarded moments, given ofienco to somo, but no ono regretted moro than ho did when he had comnuttod n fault of that kind "\\\ hen ho considered this failing of his, ho was the moro surprised at tho affectionate wolcomo which had boon accorded to him enico his roturn from Europo Ho would assure his friends that their kindness wns not lost upon him, but thntit would bo engraven on his heart and ex er be remembered with çratitndo hy tho members of his fnmilj (Cheers ) Mr Holt then read a roply to tho addrets which had been presented to him Itexpiessod thanks for tho \ery kind congratulations and hearty wel- come Hu x\ell remembered tho unanimous wish they k11 dlj expressed m this hall beforo ho loft-that tho Almighty would givo tho winds and tho waves a chnrgo concerning him, and ho felt trul) grateful to God for all Ins goodness townrds him Ho assured them that it niforiitd him plcasuro to meet them, and thanked thom for their kind welcome, and then kind wishes in regard to Mrs Holt and familj (Cheers ) After n fow further remarks fiom tho chairman, Mr. Holt read a xery interesting account of tho tour ho mado w ith Mrs Holt and somo mout- hers of his familj, from Paris to Romo Ho gavo a description of many objects which chnllongo tho attontion of the traveller, cither from their beauty or historical asso- ciations, nnd wtimotcd his willingness to onsnor such questions as any of thoso present might desire to ask him in regard to the subjects upon which ho touched m his obser x ntions At tho closo of tho x erj interesting addi ess, a x oto of thanks xvns awarded to Mr Holt by acclamation, and suitublx acknowledged Tho proceedings xvero brought to a elope b) a \oto of tianks te tho chairman, and singing a verso of tho National Anthem "When Mr Holt loft tho hall be was greeted with threo hearty cheers MlIlTAM PRESENTATION, AM) DEATH OP A"Y AltTII 1 Em man -1 he detachment of tho oOlh Regiment, nnd also the detachment of Rojal Artillery at present stationed in hjdntj, xvcro xesterdaj morning assembled in tho outer Domain, for the purposo of xvitnessing tho presentation of a good-conduct medal to stafl- sergount Holmes, of tho 60th Regiment, who has for somo time been engaged as a garrison clerk Various military c\olutions boxing been gono through b) tho mon, tho despatch fiom (ho homo authorities, nuthoiismg tho pio sontnlion to be made, xvas rend, after which tho medal xvas handed to Holmes bj Colonel "Waddy A good number of 1 ersons xvero present, manj boxing no doubt been attracted li) seeing the military ninrching through tho streets, or by hearing the band A melancholy circumstnncooccured, which hnd the cflcct of throwing a gloom ov or tho proceedings As tho Ro)nl Artillcr) xvcro marching into tho Domain, one of their number, prívalo Robert Dickinson foil out of tho ranks, having been suddonly seized with choking sensations and fnmtnoss Ho was immediately «Mended to, and somo brandy and xvatcr given him, butas this failed to haxo nnj good effect, Dr Schuettc, of tho Infirmar), was sent for, and ho recommended tho man's removal into tho Infirmary Dickinson died, howovor, before thoro xvas time to get him into tho institution. An inquest respecting his death w ill bo held before tho City Coi oner this morning Sons oi Temi bran ck-Last ovenmg tho "Wellington Division, No 20, Sons of lenipcrnnco, celobratod ita anni vcrsni) with n tea meeting and musical entertainment Owing to tho continued illness of tho Rev Thomas Smith, who \ias to have presided, tho chair was occupied by Mr T Dax íes About three hundred and fifty persons partook of a liberal and well-served repast, niter xvhich addresses who delivered by the chairman and by tho Rov A H Stephen, besides xvbom thero wero on the platform Mr G Lucas, Mr Short, Mr Cregg, and Mr Humo (tho patriarch of tho Division) Tho honorary secretary Mr li Bicklej also road a report of the proceedings for the past twelvo months, from which it appeared that tho number of members with which tho division started was twtnt) -eight, and this had in tho j oar been increased to eighty eight Tho receipts wero £111 5s 3d (by sub- scriptions, initiations, doctors, cards, and sundries), and i he expenditure £G8 8s 9d (by medical attendance, rent of division room, printing, and sundries), lenvmg a credit balance of £12 10s 6d In conclusion, the report urged upon all tho brethren to do all in their power to obtain members of tho order, knowing, as thoy must, that it kopi many from tho seductivo influenco of tho wine cup, and that through their instrumentality tho xv anderer might bo reclaimed, tho fallen lifted up, and many homes, now homes of misery, transformed into homes of comfort and happiness Tho entertainment comprised a number of popular songSj sentimental and humourous, as well as interesting recitations , and tho young gentlemen nniatours w ho took part m tho programme, somo of whom aro Sons of Temperance, acquittod ticmselvcs very creditably Mr HuuiphrccB plajcd tho pianoforte accompaniments DESTITUTE CHILDREN'S ASYLUM - The remains of Miss Margaret Gill, late an assistant matron at the Asylum for Destitute Children, Randwick, were yesterday con- signed to their last resting-place. The usual service for the dead having been performed at St Mary's temporary Cathedral, the funeral cortege proceeded to the cemetery at Petersham, where the burial took place. The body was fol- lowed to the grave by many relatives and friends of the de- ceased, as well as by the Treasurer and by the Superintendent of the Randwick Asylum. The schoolmaster of the insti- tution and several of the elder boys who, on their express application, had obtained permission to be present, were also thus enabled to show their respect and regard for one who had so greatly endeared herself to all in the institu- tion. The Life and Grmus op the late J L Michael -The lecturo lately dehv ored b) Mr J Sheridan Mooro, on tho hfo and genius of tho lato J L Michael, whoso untune!) fate at tho Clurcnco renders this biography moro than interesting, has been pnbliehed in pamphlet form and dedicated to Mr N D Stenhouse-a warm friend of all lite-ini-) men Of tho lecturo itself an outlmo has already i) penred in tho He) aid, on the day following tho ovenmg ot its deliver) Given as it now is in tho pamphlet boforo us m full, wo feel sure it will ho read with interest, and find its wav to public patronage, not only from the clinritiiblo object in vioxv by its publication, but as a tnbutt fo the memory of a clever writer, both of pootry and prose It is xcry neatly printed, and contains many of Mr Michael b best piceos An Honest 'Bus Box -A fow days ago, a boy named Thomas Condon, conductor to ono of tho omnibuses pi) ing to Cooks River, found box on £l-notes in his omnibus He took the monc) to tho Town Hall, and it has boon res- tored lo the owner Tho loser rewarded tho boy with o pound, and tho Major gavo him a suit of clothes The "Nictohiy Theatre -Two woll-ajtcd molo eiramss, "Iho Curso of Mammon" and "Tho Anchor of Hope, ' wero pla)ed on Saturday oxonmg and lost night, to fan houses, and received a largo amount of applause This evening, Mr C Bui ford, ono of tho oldest professionals on the colonial boards, and a great favourite with the patrons of the di ama, takes his benefit An oxccllent programme the nne comedy, "Court and Stage," and tno nautical di umn, ' Black-eyed Susan,"-is offered for tho occasion Tut Phin.ce or Wales Oieha House -" "William Tell was rericotcd last evening, and attracted a very good house Tho overture was performed very effectively and was loudly encored Tho samo opera will ho givonthis ovenmg Sudden Death or Mr. A Rankin -The Gundagai Times of 25th instant says -"We have the painful duty of recording the awfully sudden and lamented death of Mr. Archibald Rankin, of Keighran s Creek, and brother to the Messrs Rankin, of Bombolee. The deceased, after break- fast on Saturday morning last, loft his brother's residence in seeming perfect health, and walked into Tumut. It would appear that, feeling rather unwell, he called at Mr Macnamara's Albion Hotel to rest himself. In a very short time thereafter the inmates, observing that he seemed very seriously ill, sent for Dr Largo, but before he arrived the unfortunate gentleman had breathed his last. For the past twelve years Mr Rankin has resided with his family at Keighran's Creek, in the immediate vicinity of Tumut, where he was generally respected and esteemed. A magisterial inquiry xvas held on tho body on Saturday afternoon, nt tho Albion Hotel, by M L Mandelson, J P Iho evidence adduced went to show that tho causo of doath. was apoplexy On tho Monday tho decoased wnsintorred m tlio Tumut cemetery, the funeral corttbo proceeding from Bombolco House, when his remains were followed to their last resting placo by n large, concourse of his friends and fellow countrymen Tho deceased goutlemnn was in tho 63rd year of his ago Canteuiiurv Pabish Road -A public mooting, pur- suant to nolico, was hold at tho Woolpack Inn, Canterbury, onTuosdnj, 21st instant, Thomas A Davis inthoohair! This meeting waa called by Barnabas Hartshorn, cuairma* of tho Road Trnst, enipportcd by John Tylo, troaaurcr After a fow preliminaries, a resolution was nut to lu» meeting for electing fresh trustees lhomas Perrott ob- jected to tho informal and illegal modo of tho proccodinn-g adopted, showing that tho circumstancos of tho caso noga tived tho presumption of such being a legal proceeding nnd moved an nmendment to this effect, chioflv based unaa the following objections -1st Bocauso tho advertisement called a meeting of " tho proprietors of land on tho road " Riich being a nondosenpt according to law, a perfect nonentity, because not ono of thom lives on the road 2nd Bocauso tho limit of Ihrco miles, dofinod by tho Parisk Road Act, was not specified 3rd Bocauso tho word " proprietor ' waa used in n vaguo sense, wbon tho Act only rccognipos qualified proprietors 4th rho mooting wns convened for tho election of trustees, wtioroas it could only nomínalo, and tho election could only tako ?piuco at tho Police Oflico m Sydney Thomas Perrott contended therefore that theso blunders if aotoi upon would vitiate, make; null and void, and render quit« illegal ox cry future net of tho road trust ftio Pansa. Road Act, dofcctivo as it is, would bo thereby moro compli- cated, involving serious blunders, nnd litigation without pud When tho Act is not fully explicit, reasonable coa struction, and usages in accordanco with tho tonor of tha / ct, may bo adopted , such a precedent tho loaders in tho present road trust havo not adapted, and theroforo in thu caso thej placed themsolves m an awkward position, whioh. led to tho breaking np of tho mooting After a strong effort to carry tho resolution itfailod, and ThomasPorrolt a amendment w as earned with acclamation B Hartshorn and his supporters thon loft tho mooting, and Thomas Perrott wns voted into tho chair Sovoral resolutions wora hen passed, nominating sovon porsons as candidatos for the next election It waa moved, but no ono would second it, hot John lylo bo nominated for tho next trust Cabsii is -A correspondent writes -This winter ha« been an unusually trying ono to tho squatters Tho creeks aro empty, and feed is vory scarce Wo hava not had such a drought for many years On Monday wo hoi a few hours' light nun( which was soon soaked up, yot oven hat has given a spring to tho grass, for which wo aro gratclul, as lambing has already commoncod on somo sta- tions On Tuesday, there xvas a solo of loaso lands at tho Court-houso, tho upsot pneo being £1 por 640 acros per x ear rent Competition was rathor brisk, as one soction was knocked down at £20, tho samo being nothing but rook and stones Sovernl other lots wore run up to high rents for such inferior land, being quito unsuitod for grazing pur- poses I hear there nro upwards of 20,000 shoop not very tir from hero travelling for grass and water, principally from the Castlereagh iNttt-LST At OitANOE-An mqucBt was heit at tho Hospital, on Saturday, boforo Mr Tomplor, Distnot Coroner, on the bodj of John Walsh, who was admitted on 9th Juno, suffering from the effects of a sovoro accident rccciv ed on the Stony Creek Road, by which the whole of tho calf of his leg was torn away Ho rccoivod ovory attention sinco his admission into tho Hospital (saya tha V ester» l'oit) , but death put an ond to his oxcruciating sufferings on Triday ovenmg Boforo his decoaso, Walsh mado a statement which differed somewhat from the fact» attending tho occident previously given, to tho effect that the horsoonwhichhovvas mounted,bocoming restive, earned lum amongst the horses of tho team, with which ho was travelling, and a hook catching his leg, infliotod tho in- juries In his el) ing statement, ho says that Ellison, th» man m chai go of tho loam, after mounting him, oommoncod whipping tho horso, and would not desist, this causing it to 1 ufk 1 ho inquoet w as adjourned for a fortnight to socuro the evidenco of Ellison ErircT of the Recent Earthquakes upon tub HAitnot>it oi Honolulu-Tho water botween tho spar buoj mid tho bell buoy, on the outer anchorago ground, has should' fiom six. to seven fathoms nineo tho eorthquakos of the fust week m April Pilot M'Intjro discovered that whcie he lind U fathoms m tho usual anchorago, novvthoro ore oh!) 7 i The shoaled placo is not vory extensivo, and accurate tb'-civntions, which will bo taken soon, will show how far the simplo soundings already mado will be con- firmed Hie depth of tho wnter m tho centro has not changed Somo think the icof on the south-west Bide of the hnibour has been elevated, as it appears moro out of tho water than before, but the tides, which havo been lower than usual, maj account for this apparent riso m tho roof. Old nmiks on the coral prove that it has boon growing slow lj dui ing many j ears past Imiortant Discover! oi Lead and Siixer Orb - "W o (Oucanlcyan Age) havo for somo timo been in posses- sion of tim knowledge of tho oxistenco of a lend mino at Primroso Valle), near this town, tho ore being moro or loss impregnated with silver But until recently tho discovory failed to attract the attention of enterprising capitalists. Not ninnv days ago wo xvcro shown a sample of thooro, and lnfoimcd that an assay recently mado in Sydney showed a v cry largo per-centago of silver Tho result is tho formation of a company, legally constituted, and eompnstng several local and Sydney capitalists, who hnvo purchasoa EOinoncios of tho Pnmroso Volloy estoto from tho pro- prietor, Mr J Gibbs, for tho sum of £500, and havo also talton steps for the immediate working of the mino, and have sent, or aro about to Bond up, a batch of Cornish miners for thal purposo Wo havo now, from the fact of coprer and ether ores b»inp: also known to exist in this di'tnct, over) reason to hopo that upon tho nearer approach ol tho rail» a) toourdeois, thereby ohoapenmg tho cost of íansit, we shall, m addition to being a flourishing agnoul urol district, boast an industrious and prosperous mining poj ulation . An Exciting Chase.-For somo timo past (says tho Monaro Mercury) tho residents of Bega havo been sub- jected to numerous petty larcenies. A few wooka ago ono or two nrticles wero abstracted from the verandah of a storekeeper ; on another occasion, a bag of sugar and a bag of flour from a dray j but tho depredators, not satisfied wita confining their desire for kleptomania to theso articles, have brought cattle-stealing within tho catalogue of thoir offences. Many of our readers will recollect a porson named lyill, who boars rather an uncnviablo reputation in this district. It appears that ho has mado his way to Bega, and created for himself somo littlo noto- riety by stealing cattlo and selling them to a gentleman in Bega. It' soon became known that tbo cattle wero tho property of a porson othor than tho vendor, and tho polico wero acquainted with tho fact. Tho officer in chargo of the Bega station, accom- panied by the victim, took up tho tracks of Ivill, and upon approaching Wolumla espied him. Instinct trfd the rascal that ho was " wanted," but having a good horse under him, ho challenged his pursuers to capturo him. Unfortu- nately it was not open country, or tho results might havo teen more satisfactory. On coming to the paddock fonco, Ivill cleared it with perhaps moro eagerness but as much coolness as though ho wero riding a -steeplechase, and looked back in triumph at his pursuers, ono of whom carno to grief in attempting to follow Ivill's oxamplo. Ab a matter of course, Ivill did not fail to toko this opportunity of making good his encape. Tho Boga polico, liowovor, maintain a Bhnrp lookout for the rascal, and it is to bo hoped before this ho is in safo custody. Strange and Melancholy OccunRENCE.-The fol- lowing coso is reported in tho Western Post of Saturday last :-'' A Bad calamity has befallen the family of Mr. E. Nicholls. Tho melancholy event seemed at first to bo enveloped in mystery ; ano; from tho ovidonco adduced at the inquest, which was held at Byng, tho residonco of tho parents of tho deceased, boforo Mr, J. A. Templer, District Coroner, on Thursday, though the actual causo of death is clearly shown, it yet appears insufficient to show how tho wonna was inflicted. From tho verdict, howovor, it will be seen, tho jury xvero apparently satisfied. Tho circum- stances attending the sad event will bo found narrated in the ovidence. Cntherino Geake Nicholls, tho mothor of tho deo used, deposed, that on Tuesday afternoon, sho was in tho house when sho heard an explosion, and afterwards a. scream ; ran out at once and found deceased boing led in by her brother William ; sho was bent nearly double, with her hands clasped over the wound ; at first thought sho had been hurt by somo explosion of powder, but did not por cpivo any smell ; afterwards found tho wound in deceased's stomach ; could not get her to tell anything about it ; sho was thirstj-, but was not allowed much to drink; she then . became very Bick, and vomited a great deal j witness put somo oil, and somo stuff receivod from the doctor, on tho wound, but was positivo nothing was put into tho wound; deceased lived about fourteen hours after receiving tho wound; sho was nearly four years old. Edward Nicholls, brother of tho deceased, deposed, on Tuesdoj', tho 21st instant, ho was standing in tho kitchen, when ho heard on explosion ; this waa about 3p.ni.; deceased was then standing in tho doorway; ho, said "listen;" next Baw deceased run hack into tho kitchen, and foil under tho table ; sho was screaming, and j hearing her scream his mothor ran out and caught deceased in her arms ; tho report was like tho report of a gun ; saw no person about tho promises with a gun ; witness fired tho gun himself that morning with coarso salt in it at somo fowls ; brought it bock and put it bohind tho sittiti'r room door; hado brother William Nicholls who was between i ten and cloven years of ago ; ho has fired off tho gun ; ho | was with witness in tho kitchen when deceased was hurt; there wera no firearms in tho kitchen whim ho hoard tho report ;. heard tho reports of tho blasting at tho mine very often ; did not think tho report ho heard was from a blast. Dr. Swayno doposed ho had oxamined tho I body of tio deceased Cathcrino Nicholls ; found extornally a smoll wound about two inches abovo tho navel and towards tho loft sido; on opening the abdomen found a plug of omentum passing up somo distance through tho inner orifico of the wound ; traced tho course of tho woumd and found it passed first through the odgo of tho loft lobo of tho liver, then through tho odgo of tho right lobe, and thenco into tho stomach ; there was no other wound in any other part of tho stomach, through which anv foreign sub- stance could havo passed ; removed tho stomach and found nothing but some partially digested food ; examined too whole course of the intestines ; found no other wound ; tho wholo was in a normal condition ; had examined tho matter vomited by deceased previous to her death, and found nothing in that or in tho mouth or cosophagus ; tho wounds in the liver wero certainly not mado by any round shot, as tho edges wero jngged ; the wounds wore about threo-quartors of an inch long; was of opinion that tho wound in tho Btoinncb. was tho iinmodiato cause oi death, and did not think it was produced by a gun shot; it seemed moie liko a perforation from Bomo pomtcd instru- ment with a jagged end, and which had afterwards boon withdrawn from tho body. Tho jury returned a verdict that the deceased died from a wound in tho stomaoh, acci- dentally inflicted hy ono of her littlo brothora, and added a rider censuring tho parents for allowing young chudren. tho use of uro arms. 