MEETING OF THE SYNOD. Wednesday, 6th August. The third session of the firal Synod of the Church of England, within the Diocese of Sydney, met on Wednes day at the Church Society's house, in Phillip-street, The members of the Synod assembled in the morning at St. James's Church, when morning .prayer was said by the clergyman in charge of that pariah, the Rev. W. B. C. Cave. The Holy Communion was celebrated by the Right Rev. the Bishop, assisted by the Very Rev. the Dean of Sydney. The Synod met in the Church Society's house, at 3 p.m. Almost all the clergy of the diooese, licensed to the cure of bOUlBj V tJIV pitTti Jilt A targe proportion of the lay delegates likewise answered to their names when the roll was called by the Chancellor. Mr. Muir (lay delegate for Ashfield) , being one of the dele gates present, appointed since the last session of the Synoi, signed the necessary declaration when the roll of lay dele gates was called over, atd took his seat. The BisHor opened the proceedings with appropriate prayers. The Bi&nor; notified to tho Synod that the Eev. W. C. B. Cave— sitting as one of the lay delegates for Ashfield at the last session— had resigned his seat, and that the vacancy 60 created had been filled up by the election of Mr. Muir. Two other vacancies had likewise occurred: the Rev. Mr. Pcndrill, sitting as one of die lay delegates for Canterbury, had resigned ; and Mr. Marshall (one of the lay delegates for Dapto), had also resigned. He should lake the requisite steps for causing these two vacancies to be filled up, according to the duly appointed form. PRESIDENT* 6 OPENING ADD&E66.; The Bight Reverend President, in his opening address said, it was with feelings of gratitude to Almighty God that he met his rev. brethren and the brethren of the laity on this occasion, being the third session of their first Synod. The experience of the past gave good ground of hope for the future, and they had every reason to expect that, having set out upon a right principle, and being earnestly desirous of promoting the cause of true religion, and the well being of their beloved Church, they would he assisted and guided by their Heavenly Father. They had no per sonal or political objects in view, they could deliberate without prejudice or passion, they acknowledged their need of Bit ine direction, and might confidently hone it would not be withheld. The report of the Standing Orders Committee would state what had been done during the past year. The meetings of tbe committee had been regularly held, numerously attended, and much time -and attention had been bestowed upon the various matters brought forward, lie was satisfied the Synod did well to postpone legislation upon the three principal subjects which had occupied the attention of the standing committee, namely, the constitu tion of the Cathedral, the appointment of clergymen to vrcant parishes, and the institution of a tribunal for the trial of clerical offences. It would be found, he thought, that the Cothcdral ordinance had been framed in accord ance with the original intention of the promoters of the Cathedra^ and with a desire that the Cathedral itself might serve the proposes of a parochial building. If the chapfcr were elected during the present session he hoped to be able to consecrate the Cathedral in the mouth of October next The Synod of the diocese of Newcastle had resolved that certain subjects should be re ferred to the Provincial Synod of New South Wales, and this was to be held some time in the month of May next vcar. The resolution passed by the Synod last session had been cairicd into effect as far as possible. The expenses of registration had been imposed rate&bly; upon the parishes; but some difficulty baa been experienced in fixing tbe amount of the rate. Tbe statistical returns were not in all casts quite clew and perfect, and it was hardly to be wondered that whilst there was a desire for a just es60Eemcnt the committee should fail to satisfy nil the parishes. In some instances tho clergymen, and in others the churchwardens, declined to enter into the plan sanctioned by the Synod and ite president, whilst some offered to pay only & portion of the assessment. He hoped that, after further and careful consideration, the parisnos would be induoed to carry out tho arrangements made by the standing committee. He* could not think it right for a parish to decline compliance with regulations fully dis cussed and agreed to by the Synod. If the principle of assessment were re-affirmed by the Synod, and parishes had an opportunity of appealing against the rate should it appear to thpwi excessive, he should feel it his duty to give practical effect to its decisions. In connexion with this subject it might be desirable to consider whether any other arrangement was preferable. The duties of secretary to the Synod were now important and pressing ; but the chief labour and responsibility were in connection wilh the standing committee, and if it had not been for tbe zeal and ability of the present officers it would have been impossible to get through the business of tbe recess, so as to be ready for the session. It would he nccesssary to con sider how this work was to be carried on in future, and it might be desirable to instruct a committee to devise tho means of providing for the clerical aid required by the Synod. Last Synod he hod mentioned that he had received on imitation to attend the Lambeth Conference, held in September, 1867, and that he had izpresecd his inability to attend, requesting the Arch bishop of York to represent his views on tho subject of our relation to tho Church at homo. A paper drawn up by Ike Chancellor was sent to the Archbishop, and had ainoe been printed, and he now laid it upon the table, with coTdi&f; thanks to the learned Chancellor for the ability and readiness with which he complied with the request to prepare it. It did not, however, appear that the subject of the relation of tho colonial Church to the home Churoh was formally discussed at the Conference, though neoes sarily referred to. The address of the Bishops {signed by eighty-two) to the faithful in Christ Jesus; waa a document of importance, and he thought proper to read it to the Synod, It was, no doubt, a fact of momentous importance, that about eighty Bishops coming from all parts of Christendom assembled at Lambeth Episcopal Palace should join in prayer, invoking the aid of tho Holy Spirit, oelebratmg the Sacrament of ine Lord's Supper, and ^ declaring before the world that thoy acoeptcd as a foundation of their faith, the Holy Scriptures of the Old andNow Testaments, defining the Canonical Scriptures to be the truo Word of God. They de clared to tho world that they deplored the present unhappy divisions of Christendom, and earnestly prayod that they might bo healed, expressed a full recognition of tbe Deity, the incarnation end the atonement of the Son who died to reconcile His Father, and paid & sacrifice for the sins of the whole world. Diligent study of the Word of God was set forth as the principal means for the promotion of true unity ; end timely warning was given against growing superstitions and additions with which the truth of God in these latter days wob overlaid. The universal sovereignty claimed by the See of Rome, and the adoration of the Virgin, were f-poken of as errors mostywurthy of condem nation. In tho resolutions and address there was much that was admirable, and highly to be commended ; and in these days of disunion and strife, it was gratifying to sec that, under (be presidency of the Archbishop of Can terbury, it was possible to bring together so large a body willing to agree to statements so sound and scriptural as those to which he had referred. This union of purpose and confession of a common fuith, showed how widely spread were the principles of the Church of England, mid how firmly they were maintained. Passing to the considera tion of the resolutions and recommendations, there was much to excite apprehension. The resolu tions appeared to justify tho language of the Arch bishop of York, with reference to the measures in contemplation by the Government, when in 18G7 he wrote to him (tbe President) saying -cMy own fear I confess is that the union of the coIodi&I; arid home Churches will by degrees be broken up.' The true position of tbe colonial Church could only be defined by the judgments from time to time given in the Court of Chancery, and by the Judical Committee of the Privy Council. Lord liorailly declared that the Church of England in a colony was bound by all the decisions regulating the Church &t; home, so far as they applied to the state of the Church in the colony ; therefore colonial Churches could not assume a different rule or doctrine without severing tbc-mselvcs from tbe Church at home, or setting up a voluntary Church upon a new basis of their own. We might, in respect of this question, be, ns was said, in a transition state ; but tbe decision of Lord Romilly had not been appealed against, and must be accepted provisionally as the highest nuthcrity on the law that governed our Churches until it was overruled. Why were the individual views of Secretaries of State, and crude, unchurchmanlikc l^islation, such as appeared in Mr. Cordwell's bill, to be respected as if tbey were the result of careful deliberation, or set against the cool, unimpassioned judgment of the most important ecclesiastical tribunal in England ? The opinion he (the President) bad held he still maintained. He saw no evil to arise from the connection that e xisted at present between us and the Cburch at home. We subscribed to the article that the Queen was the chief power in the realm of England to whom all estates of the realm were subject. The doctrine of this article was not a mere sentiment or tradition ; he held it to be a strong, firm, yet easy bond by which the unity of the faith was maintained in tbe Cburch of England through out the world. He looked, therefore, with great distrust upon some of the conclusions which the committee on Synods appointed by the Lambeth Conference adopted. Two of these were, ' That a provincial Synod may make or authorise alterations in Ihc service of tbe Church required by the circumstances of the province and, ' That a pro vincial tribunal of appeal shall be established by the Synod.' He objected to alterations in the service of tbe Church except by competent authority at home. We had given our assent to the Book of Common Prayer, and our own 27th Constitution was entirely at variance with this recommend ation. This rule was safe and wise. He felt no desire to accept the offered liberty of making altera tions in the service of tbe Churcb. Such alterations might involve questions of doctrine, and he apprehended that this liberty might lead to lioense, the formation of parties, and eventually to schism. Then if there was to bo a provincial tribunal of appeal it was meant to supersede the power of appeal to the Queen in Council, and we were pre cluded by our 18th Constitution from assenting to such a tribunal. Whatever mode was adopted fcr trying clerical offences, it was declared that there was the same fight of appeal as from the decision of the Bishops. If the supremacy of the Crown was to be moinlained there must be no Court for the trial of eccle siastical causes that did not admit of an appeal to the Crown. After rendine some extracts from a recent charge by the Rifhui of Worcester, be went on to say that the plan pro poscd by the archbishops and bishops for dealing with the cokniaf, Scotch, and American episcopal churches was unnecessary, and fraught with elements of direord and division. The present Bishop of Nelson in his address to his Synod expressed an opinion on this subject in which he (the President) entirely concurred. He preferred an appeal to secular rather than to religious bodies, as he thought tbey were more likely to decide upon 4hc merits, and therefore he bad no sympathy with those who wished to sec auother Court of Appeal, being quite content to have the Queen and Privy Council as an ultimate Court of trial ; end although frem its costliness end distance it would be seldom used, the distance would make inferior Courts of juris diction more careful and accurate in adjudication. The costliness was no doubt a serious hindrance to its util.ty, audit might be possible to form some tribunal in Australia from which after trial either or both parties might appeal. At the consecration of the Cathedral, which was arranged to take place in October next, it was his in tention to invite the wbole of the Australian bishops t-o be present, so that he could confer with them upon matters of interest to the colonial Cburch, and they might consider tLc practicability of forming a provincial Synod for Aus tralia, an appella'e tribunal snch as he had referred to. Referring to the subject of education, it might be observed ' that the Council of Education as at present administered had given the Church of England no just - cause of complaint We had met Iho Council in a generous spirit, and, so far as liis experience extended, wc hod been treated with fairness and liberality. Moreover, one hard ship under which we laboured had been removed. We were to leceive some assistance towards the building of Church of England school-houses from the Church and School Lands revenue. This money had been claimed by bim for Feme time ; for, although the Denominational Schools Board ceased to exist, the Denominational schools still retained the right to one-seventh, of the lands. This proportion of the revenue would be placed at tbe aiBposal of the Diocesan Committee for the building of Church of England school-houses and masters' residences. The great want in our Church of England schools had been inspection of the quality, cha racter, and amount of religious instruction given in them. An offer to perform the duties of this inspection had been received from a clergyman, and it was absolutely necessary that the religious instruction given in our schools should be made the subject of inquiry. Some clergymen were able to attend to the schools in their own districts, and it would be well if, without unduly taxing their time and strength, this could more frequently be done. The instruction of tho young was one of the most important objects to which their attention could be directed. The annual meeting of the Church Society would be held on Monday evening next, and he hoped the attendance on the occasion would be large and encouraging. The society wee doing great good, maintaining and extending the ordinances of religion in the most satisfactory manner. Its difficulties arose solely from its success ; it had accom plished much and made way for more ; but because its in come had not increased with its usefulness, it was some hundreds of pounds in arre&r.; There was, however, no doubt that when the pioper measures were taken, and the funds of the society augmented, its difficulties would soon disappear. With regard to what had been dono in tho past year, he was glad to find that the external work was being carried on with success. Two churches in the suburbs of Sydney—one at Waterloo, and the other at the Glebe — had been commenced, and tho former would soon be ready for opening. He hod himself opened two churches in the Western district, and two others had been opened there. The first stone of a church was soon 1o be laid at Kurrajong, and he hoped the residents of Noilh Shore would soon c&rrv; out the resolutions of a public meeting lately held there, and erect another church. Paveonoges were required in several places, and two were nearly completed at Darlinghurst and Castle-hill ; another was being erected at Molong, and preparations made at Tf'averley for the residence of the clergyman. This was & thing that each parish should provide. There was every prospect of the re- opening of the King's School under the Rev. G. F. Macarthur, himself one of its first pupils, and who would cany wilh him not only a warm in terest in the cause of education, but affection for the insti tution in which he was reared, and to which he, with many others who had been educated in the colony, was doeply in debted. In addressing tho Synod, the Bishop would not dwell upon subjects that related to himself and clergy ; but he could not elose his remarks without observing that the efficiency and general usefulness of the Church cf England in this colony, depended on tho cordial co-operation of tho laity with the clergy* In order to this, there must be mutual confidence end respect. If the dcrgy desired the support of the laity they must merit it *, and he found no unwillingness on the part of the lay members to recognise the authority, and aid the efforts of the clergy ; but respect could not be upheld in the face of neglect in the discharge of duty. We were launched upon the system of voluntary contributions, and the clergy could only maintain their position by the diligent and efficient discharge of their ministerial duties. If, on the other hand, the laity desire the clergy to be wholly, occupied in their holy calling, then the scale of remunera tion must be such as to enable the clergy to live without care fulness. He was of opinion that the clergy were not at present sufficiently paid ; and some scheme for increasing their remuneration would be proposed to tho 6) nod. At the sumo time he requested tho laity to have due regard to the comfort and convenience of tho clergy* No men were more completely tbe servants oi others in the sense of devoting their whole time to the people, as the clergy. They lived for us; their attainments and powers varied, but their lives were spent in serving us. Let the laity reciprocate these obligations and recognise these claims. If tney sowod spiritual things was it a great matter to give them of our oarnal things P Let them not wont the pro Srietiee of their condition ; the means to educate jeir children, and make provision against the casualties of life and life's close. ThiB must be looked upon as a matter of & purely secular character. The subject was one of great moment in oonnection with the efficiency of the ministry, 'rid touched nearly the spiritual well-being of the whole community. With one other observation he would conclude. In the discussions upon which we were about to enter, let us give our opponents credit for having in view the same object as ourselves. Opinions which differed from our own deserved to be heard with attention, and weighed with candour. He earnestly desired that our deliberations might be conducted in such a spirit, and with 6uch motives as might justify us in look ing for the blessing of Our Heavenly Master, and that, in seeking the prosperity of His Churoh; we might look fcr HU pi erce end favour in guiding us into tho way* of pfti** [ C( tier And prscr* (Applause) # j Tbe DlJ). J. Docker, M.L C.,was sure that the motion j he was fllonl to propose would meet the cordial approval of \ nil pr- HE-. His object was to propose a vote of thanks to £ ihc Lcid Bishop fur tbe admirable address he had presented, ?, and towqucrf that the same be printed with the proceed ings. In pinpct- ng Ibis motion, he was sure he should cruiy with bim the fcclings of ull present. (Applause.) 1 b- (jci).haMe maniKT in which bis Lordship had laid be ft.ic us tbe- obju'iF for which tbe Synod was called together, would cdjjj'Mjd cur tbnnks; but when his Lord ritip had taktu advantage of the opportunity to lay before ibe Synod tbe admirable address of' tbofe who alfended the Pan-Anglican Confer ence, and thua caused it to be placed on the records of the colony, m.lliing could better manifest the interest token in ibise matters by ltis Loidsbip. He did not feel it necessary to offer alpriKDt t.ny observations upon the resolutions fol lowing tlmi address, 'but be was sure the able comments of his Loidsbip nmKt have commended themselves to tbe at tention of i\\(iy mcml-cr of tbe Synod. Hcwos6uretbe cfir rts of ibis body would be directed to the maintenance of tins Church in its position as an integral portion of tho Cburch of England. (Applause.) We know that no Synod ever called together here, would consent to any modification of the position which wo claimed and were entitled to claim, viz., that we would remain members of the Cburch of England, under its constitution as l-y law provided. The various objects of this Synod had been mentioned by his Lordship, And would, no doubt, receive earnest consideration. There was no question that, however different might be the views of members, they would meet with buT one sole object— the advancement of tbe jiikrcris of the Church ; ana in doing that they will be advancing 1bc- interests of the kingdom of Christ. He would not detain Ihc Synod longer, but make the motion, — ' That the thanks of the meeting be presented to tbe President for bis admirable address, ana tbat he be re quested to alb'W the same to be printed.' Tie Rev. W. B. Stack seconded the motion, and was understood to say that he believed he had been called upon to perform that duty because he was the oldest senior clergyman in the colony. He had great pleasure in doing so. He had thought during those discussions that preceded the formation of our Synod, that we pos&essc-d; in bis Lordship one who was calculated to give the necessary tone, fora, and Bpirit to the body. He had eveiy reason to believe that Lis judgment had been correct. He bad listened wilh great pleasure to tbe address just delivered ; and there was one part of it that he must refer to, and that was the meeting of so many Bishops of our Church in conference. (Applause.) It should he a matter of deep gratification that the Church of England desired to retain us, and regarded us as members of her body; and that all her chiefs— for even those who were absent from the con ference sympatbiecd with the feeling there expressed— desired to'mske due provision for retain ingus inclose union. He had listened with deep respect and thankfulness to the address of tbe eighty - two Bishops of our Churoh, and he recognised it as a sign that we were being brought into dhtinct union with tb&t; great body. He would not enter into BDy details in reference to that important document. 'Wc should all be thankful to his Lordship for tbe plain way in which he had discussed the questions arising- at that Conference ; and if anything could add to his desire to have in print tbe address ne had just heard, it was the arguments used in it which were most important. He might be permitted to make one observa tion in reference to the conclusion of the address. We were all here with but one purpose — to extend the operation of our Church ond provide the means, se far as we could, of winning souls to ObriBt ; ond we should certainly, all of us, give each other credit for having that great object at heart. He hoped that, under that impression, we should have in our deliberations & kindly Christian spirit ; and that we should have gentlemen coming here from all parts of this large diocese to give tbeir opinions frcqu(ntlv and fully upon all subjects that might be broughi before the Synod. He felt great pleasure in seconding the resolution. (Applause.) The Dean of Sydney put the motion, which was car ried Ly acclamation, all standing up. Ihc President returned thanks, ond said he was much obliged to Mr. Docker and Mr. 8tack for the kind manner in which tLn y had spoken of his endeavours to bring before tbe Synod the principal Eubjecle of interest to it. He was (?xtirmriy glad to welcome Mr. Stack to tbe deliberations of tbe SVnod. Wc had the great advantage of his presence on ionnir occasions, end we had missed him greatly while he was absent. Mr. Stack had. he trusted, laid in such a xnc&i-uicof; health and vigour, and added to his large cx jviitDcc such an amount of European, English, Irish — he cod not know whether Scotch was to be added — experience in tulji eta of this nature, that we should find great benefit fre m bis re turn. He hoped Mr. Stack would long be spared to occupy bis position as the senior member of the clerical body in New South Wales. RESIGNATION OF MEMBERS, &C.; The President notified the resignation of the clerical Kcrctaiy, 1be Rev. R. L. King, who found his position as Principal of Moore College incompatible with his attendance here. H c much re gretted losing Mr. King's services, for they Lad been very valuable to us. He could bear testimony to tbe industry with which Mr. King had, late at night, copied into the minute book our somewhat multifarious proceed ings. It woulc be necessary for tbe Synod to appoint another chrical secretary. He had appointed Mr. William Norton official secretary to the Bishop, and Mr. Norton would act as lay secretary to the Synod. VACANCIES. The President reported that a vacancy had been caused in the Standing Committee by the death of the Hon. Mr. CYx, vbcre place bad been temporarily supplied by the appointment of Mr. Barker. Also that Mr. Charles Cowper bad ceased to be a member of the Standing Com mittee. The President further reported tb&t; he had received the rcsignotiGn of tbe Chairman of Committees — Mr. Willirm Bather — who bad retired from that office becanee be bad accepted the office of Registrar. STANDING COMMITTEE'S REPORT. Mr. Alexander Stuart read the following report of tbe Standing Committee: — Report of tbe Standing Committee to the third session of the first S- nod of the Diocese of Sydney. 1\. Tbe subjects re ferred to the standing committee by the Synod during its litft session were: — 1\. Au alteration suggested in tbe eighth clause of the Con stitutions. 2\. The terrier of Cburch lands, &c.; 8\. Tbe cathedral constitution. 4\. The tribunal ordinance. 5\. Tbe rales of tbe Diocesan Committee. C. Tbe appointment of clergymen to vacant parishes. 7\. The salary of the registrar. 2\. Davirg given much consideration to various points involved in tWsc important matters the committee have new to report tbcreon respectively as follows : — S. Tbe committee are of opinion that tbe alteration suggested in tbe eight clause cf the Fundamental Constitutions cannot be nif.cte vi'bout having recourse to tbe Legislature for an amend ment of tbe Act. 4\. Tbe position of the deeds of the Church lands is very ur/FBtif factory. In some cases the Crown giants have never bcoF taken up; in others conveyances are incomplete, and many rew truritcs have not bed tbe property vested iu them ; and no re cord -xiets of the custodianship of tbe deeds when others than the Bishop ere trustees. 5\. The committee having regard to the value and importance of the property affected consider it very desirable — I. Tbat tbe trustees of Cbureh properly be called on to have tbeir titles made perfect. 2 Tbat a general record of all d/rds of Church property be kept in the registrar's office, specifying, amongst other par ticulars. in whose custody the ftme are respectively. S Tbat trustees of Cburch property he invited to deposit their deeds of title with the registrar for safe custody. 4\. That trustees of all glebe lands be invited to furnish to the 6yncd full particulars of the income from such lands, and of the appropriation thereof. C. Tbe committee have |ainonded the proposed cathedral con stitution referred to them by the 6jnod, and now submit an ordinance embodying such 7\. The committee lay before the fiynod a revised ordinance for constituting a tribunal for the administration of ecclesiastical discipline, 8\. Tbe committee Fubmit for tbe approval of the Synod such alterations in tbe roles of the diocesan committee as appear to be nccrsrary for carrying out tbe views of the 6ynod. 9\. Tbe committee lay btfore tbe Synod a revised ordinance for regulating the appointment of clergymen to the incumbency of parltbes. 10\. The Lord Bitbop having reported to tbe committee tb&t; \Vi]]iem Barker, Etq., bad accepted the office of registrar of the dioceec, without emolument, on the condition that the provision m8de by the 6ynod be applicable for an official secretary, and for tbe 'other necessary expenses of the office, the committee aeernted thereto, and the Bishop appointed Mr. William Norton io the office of secretary, giving him to understand that on the 6ynod's re quiring it he would have to act alee as secretary to the Syncd. II. To provide the necessary funds the committee requested the various parishes to contribute on the scale as set out in appendix hereto (A), 18\. Most of the parishes have acquiesoed in the assessment, ar.d have either paid or promised to pay during the year. 8ome parlsbcs consider themselves over assessed, and will probably appeal to the fijnod for readjustment; a few parishes hare declined, and in ihete the ordinary fees have to be paid for licensee, but in those parishes which have acquiesced licenses are granted without fees. 18\. The ccmmittee, impressed with the necessity of having trustees appointed for tbe portion of the Haslem's Creek Ceme tery allotted to the Church, bad several interviews with the members of the Government, with the view of having the trusts eo defined &a; to be agreeable to the members of the Church gene rally. It is hoped tbat this w ill be accomplished by the Necro polis Act passed during last session, and the regulations made by the Government in accordance therewith, 14\. The following gentlemen have been nominated by the Bit-bop as trustees M. E. MuraJn, Esq.. 8. H. Pearce, Esq., G. E. Crane, Esq., John B&wson;, Esq., William Day, Esq. 15\. The Bishop hssappointed tbe Rev. B. W. Young to be Chap lain of the Cemetery, having conjoined therewith the cure of souls of Enfield, which for that purpose hoB been detached from Ashfield, and now forms a separate parish or district entitled to send 'representatives to the 6yned. 1C. The petitions on behalf of the Synod for amendment of the marriage law were presented to both Houses of Parliament, but the committee are not able to report that any steps have been token bj- the Government or Legislature to carry out the views of the Synod. 17\. The rerignatioBB of the following lay representatives have been nptried, and the parishes which they represented have been requested to elcet others in their room Rev. B. W.Young, Bhoa'bavcn; Mr. J.A. Burt. 6t; Philip's ; Mr.O. B. Ebaworth, Paddington ; Mr. J. P. Luke, Burwood; Mr. W. Barker, Waverley; Mr. G. Mullen* Canterbury: Mr, Chas, Cowper, 6t. Paul's College; Mr. F. Miller, 8t. Barnabas. 18\. A vacancy In the committee having occurred by tbe resig nation of the Hon. Edward Cox, Esq. (slnoo deceased), the committee have appointed William Barker, Esq., in his room, hut as such appointment is only until the Synod be in BeEslon, it now becomes necessary for the Synod to confirm it, or otherwise fill up the T&cancy.; There is also a vacancy caused -by Mr* Charles Cowper ceasing to be a representative of St. Paul's College, which will have to be filled up by tbe Synod, 19\. The Bev. Canon Allwood having left the colony on a visit to England, the committee appointed the Rev, Hulton 8. King to act as ibclr. clerical secretary curing his absence. 20\. The ecclesiastical staUetioa are laid before the Synod here with* The committee regret to say tbat they are &U11; far from complete, the parochial beturnfi effofdlflg, Ifl .jaauv instances. Very meagre iijloimalion. They recommend men*.®®1'8 connected vilb each paihh to examine Unto, and cam cr with the secretaries wilh regard to such amendments as may ^n.anc® y their biiDg rendere d more reliable before the session of is over. . _ . 21, The trustees of the Clergy, TVidowe, and Orpbutof Faflu have Ifcid before the committee certain alterations andaiMUV mcnts of the rules cs set forth in the appendix hereto (BJ, These have alto tx en print- d and circulated, and arc now submitted to tlic Synod for ite ronridt ration, 22\. In older to t ipt dilc business, and in accordance with thff v.ith of the Synod, the committee has caused tbe proposed oidintDccs to be printed ptm,' circulated, and also to be published in thi criumna of the Avttrolian Churchman, for Ibe information of iM-nibi rr.c f Synod. 23 On eirivjj] (,f his Boyal Highness the Bake of Edinburgh, the ccmn-.iltee, in accordance with the expressed wish of the Sjncd. prcftitfd en address (a bis Royal Highness, which, with U, r reply, will he found io the appendix hereto (C). The said uodreFHwas sigiiid by ibe fc it-hops of the respective dioceses in tbe crinny ana by the secretaries, or other members of the (.luitdhp committers. 2). li e criun ittec hove received from the Dioceran Council of the Su.cd of lh- Diccrsc of Newcastle, a paper (see Appendix D) cf critaln ruhjicte which that fifhod propnsm should be p trae'e the twbj-ct ot 'joint reference, under the 24th clause of tbe Comtiiutioi s fnm all ibe Diocesan Synods to the Provincial fjnrd wV.ni coi stiiut'd. 25\. 1 he ccn mitte e have appended to this report (Appendix E) a Haunifnt of the ucripts and disbursements of tbe funds plased lit their disposal. rc. The ci remittee have held twenty-two meetings during the TiiT.btridre many meeting* of sub-committees', the dates on w hu b fi eJi v rc held, ar.d tbe attendance thereat, will be found in Appendix F. Mr. A. Stuart llitn Riovcd that the report be received and prinlc-d. TLc Dean of Sydney seconded the motion, which waa carried. sItekannvation fund. The Rev. Thomas H a yden brought up a report of the pfci&l; committee (appointed by the Synod on the 30th A-upuri, 18(57,) to consider the question us to the proposed etlabJtahrecnl of a superannuation fund for the clergy, and moved that it be received and printed. TLc morion, having been seconded, was put and agreed o. Evening Sitting. CATHEDRAL ORDINANCE. The Chancellor (Mr. A. Gordon) moved, pursuant to notice, tbe tccoxd reading of -(An Ordinance for Establishing and Regulating the Constitution of the Cathedral CLurch of St. Andrew, Sydney.' ^ With regard to the position of the site of the building, Le said this was determined by the grant made so long ago as tho 15th January, 1856. That grant was from the Crown to the Bishop of Sydney and his suc cessors bb a trustee for the purpose of erecting on the land granted a Cathedral Cburch, to be known as St. Andrew's, of the United Church of England and Ireland, in confor mity with the provisions of the Church Acts, so far as they might apply to the purposes of this trust, a&d; forno other purpose. As a matter of legal right, the position of tbat site end building was clear, tbe trustee being bound to hold it for tbe erection of a Cathedral Church, subject to the provisions of the Church Ads, as far as they were consis tent with its position as a Cathedral Church. This grant, though made in 1856, by some unaccountable accident was host sight of till 1865, when, in oonsequence of application to the Government of the day for some purposes connected wilh the Cathedral or adjacent burial-ground, it was found in tbe office and ready to be taken away whenever applica tion was mode for it. This might dispel some popular misapprehensions that had surrounded this matter* s On the foundation stone there was exactly such an inscription as wc should expect, indicating that the building was erected in conformity with the trust expressed in the grant. In the year 1860 it wos desired by the building committee to ascertain the views of the Bishop (the Right rev. gentleman now presiding), who, according to the grant, was tbe trustee, with regard to the purposes of the build ing end the mode in which it was to be used. On the 27th December, 1860, an answer was given and entered upon the minutes of the committee as determining their mode of action. Here, then, we had the grant, showing the legal p- sition of the building and site ; the inscriptionon the foun dation etoce confirming the idea connected with the actual building ; and we had a declaration by the trustee appointed urder the grant of the purposes for which that building was held. It was clear, therefore, that the diocese bad a cathedral 86 a Cathedral church, that theBishop of the diocese was bound to carry out that trust for a cathedral church, and it was within the functions of the Synod under i(6 constitutions, to fill up the particulars and details of that trust so as to cany it into exi -cution. If was with this in view tb&t; in the first Synod a special committee was formed to frame a cathedral constitution, and the result of their inquiries and labturs was a report presented last session, to which report was appended the draft of a proposed constitution. That report was received and adopted by the Synod. The state of business at the time and the circumstance of its being novel and not pressing, rendered it desirable to defer the discussion of tbe draft constitution till the present ses sion, when the standing committee were to report upon it. This tbey had done, and they had brought up the ordinance of which he now moved the second reading. The history of the Cathedral dated as far back as the month of August, 1819, or nearly forty-nine vcars ago, when Governor Mac quetieloid the original foundation Btone. There was a cessation of the work for some time, owing to the funds Lciig diverted to buildings of a parochial cha racter ; and whilst, it remained in abeyance, from 1819 to 1637i a change of site was dtcidedupon which necessitated the relaying of the fonn djition-stenc. In reference to this, we had the testimony af Mr. Charles Cowper from personal knowledge, he having been present when the first foundation-stone was laid. That gentleman in an address delivered in the c&tbr; dral a few years ago, said the work was to have been carried on with energy and speed, but a Commission of Inquiry having arrived in the colony, St, James's Church v,ns commenced and took precedence of the Cathedral, which was not proceeded with for some time. When the fimndarion-Etone was laid by^ Governor ^ M&c-; quarie there was no such a thing in existence as a parish of St. Andrew's, and it did not come into ex istence till 1835, and, therefore, this building with a cha racter as a cathedral pressed upon it had an existenoe long prior io sny parochial organisation in that locality. When this Cathedral was founaed Australia was ecclesiastically a portion of the diocese of Calcutta, and it was not till 1835 tbat it was severed from that diocese. In 1836 the Bishop of Australia was appointed under letters patent. Governor Macquarie designed this Cathedral in anticipation of the wants of the colony, and those wants did not s i ise so soon as was anticipated ; but when the q:- ''cse was formed it produced & .revival of the (V.ihedral work, and the founda tion stone was p^ced in :'ta present site. Mr. Cowper stated that the sum of £3000 (i\iiich appeared a large amount), was spent in removing the material from the old spot to the new one. Thus, so for from Governor Macquarie advancing the work he had intended to carry*ont, his exertions under ihc circumstances tended to retard it. In 1836, a general Act had been passed for the purpose of giving cncourage mrnt to the erection of churches in this colony, and in the following year wts passed the Act which we generally called the Church Act, dealing with the details of churches so aFwstrd. But the object was that when a number of persons collected a sum of money for the purpose of erecting a church the Government should give an equal sum, and in special cases provision was made for additional advances, not by the Governor with the Executive Council, but with the advice of the Legislative Council, making the aid in foet & sort of special Parliamentary proceeding. Although be bed acquired the idea of parish churches being connected with the Cburch Act it would be found that whilst it was perfectly irue that parish churches had grown up with the machinery provided by that Act, it haa nothing to do with parochial churches. All it had to do was with subscribers and seatholders after the church was completed. 'When a church was completed it was not thote in the district that had peculiar righto, but whoever took seats and paid for them. There was no doubt, however, that ecclesiastical .districts had grown up around the Act. The object of tho two Acts was to givo assistance to the subscribers, and that when such assist ance was given certain persons should be elected to take charge of the money advanced. In dealing with this cathedral certain persons were appointed trustees. Thoy had collected £1600, and the Government gave them another £1000. Then the trustees said they were building a church for the whole colony, not for a parish, and asked the Government for another £1000, which sum was also given them. The first thousand pounds was not given because it was & parochial church ; the second thousand pounds wos given distinctly because it was not a parochial church. If we wanted a proof, therefore, that this church bore out the character given to it in the inscription od. the foundation-stone, we had it in this circumstance. This was an important point not very well understood by many of 'those who wroto and talked about the matter* This part of the city became more populous, and the cathe dral building being at a standstill, leave was obtained to erect the present wooden church of St. Andrew's on ground which did not belong to the cathedral at all. This plaoe was built and licensed by the Bishop, whose license said that it might be used as a church until a parish church was completed. It did not say until the cathedral was com pleted, but until the parish church was built. This was quite consistent with the idea that St, Andrew's Church was the cathedral church of tho diocese, and not a parish cburch. In 1846 a committee was formed for the purpose of completing that cathedral, and that com mittee had carried on the work up to the present time. The committee took it up as a strictly national undertaking, and not as a merely parochial work. On the 23rd July, 1855, the present Bishop was present at a meeting of the com mittee, and then for the first time it dawned upon them that they had no grant of the land* Application^ was, however, made to the Government and a grant was issued about & year after. The committee held public meetings, and endeavoured to collect subscriptions in order to carry on Ihe work of erecting the cathedral, {The speaker quoted on extract from & 6peecb, previously referred to, made by Mr. Charles Cowper at one of these . meetings.] Subsequently there arose some oonfusion about the grant, which was mislaid and afterwards found. It now appeared clear that the building must be regarded in ne other light than as the cathedral church of the diooese. Of course a cathedral would serve the purpose of & parish j church, but it could not be styled or considered a parish church. It would, therefore, be proper to carry out the j suggestions contained in the Bishop's letter before referred to, and now that we had & Synod, the matter should be placed on a proper footing. , Whatever use might be made of tne building was eubBervient j to the great trust in connection with the ^ Cathedral, It now became our duty to settle the consti tution of tbe Cathedral. Well, if wo were to deal properly *fith it, we vm\ remotnber v^jiat a cathedral really was— I that it v flR the church of the diocese — the church of which r the Bishop was the incumbent, and of which every person in the diocese was a parishioner. One distinguishing -characteristic of a cathedral was that it was in reality a parish church, hut the church of a parish that was oo -terminoua with the d iocese itself. He might direct attention -to (ho provisoes of the second and third clauses. The pro ?viso oi the second clause osid, ' Provided, neverlholcss, that nothing in thiB ordinance contained shall be held to affect f or prejudice the rights or interests, if any, which the parish of St. Andrew may now have in the said church of St. Andrew.' The proviso lo the 3rd clause was, ' Provided, nevertheless, that the inhabitants of any such district shall not acquire any special rights, or any control over the Cathedral. He din not see that these provisoes could have anything to do with any : natters affecting a parochial church. They merely | dealt with the Cathedral, and if the people of St. Andrew's had any rights connected with the church, this €ynod could not tonch them, and it was just as well to say as much in the constitution. Those provisoes were quite ' -consistent with the character of the building ; and it was «(ill quite in the power of the Bishop to make what paro chial arrangements he pleased ; our power over the Cathe dral would not affect any right of that kind, nor ought it to do so. But wc should take care that no action which may hereafter take place with reference to_ tho division of the parish or district should in any way touch the Cathedral character of the building. If the Bishop chose to attach an ecclcsiastioal district to the Church, he might do so ; but his doing so could not create rights and powers over the building. This could not be done, under any circumstances, and on that ground the provisoes to clauses 2 and 3 might be superfluous, but he thought it was better to have the matter clearly set forth. Ho now i -came more particularly to the constitution itself. _ Some difficulty had been experienced in drawing up a constitution thatwas adapted to the 19th century. To draw a cathedral constitution in this century was rather a novel thing, as the lay element now entered largely into the management «f ecclesiastical matters. The 5th clause provided for the Bishop's entire freedom to use the building in any way consistent with its cathedral character. tThe governing body was made to consist of clerical and lay elements as laid down in the seventh clause. The | Bishop was made the head of the governing body, then the \- Dean of Sydney ^was made a member thereof, and it was | thought that the Chancellor also should hold a position | -among the managers. This last was a disputed point which | the Synod would have to decide. Then there was the | novelty in cathedral management, of the lay element, but I that was just the same element that was now largely intro | duced into our Church government. The Bishop and 1 . -clergy appointed certain canons, and the clergy and the 1 laity together appointed certain other canons. The powers I of the chapter were defined by clauses 11 to 14 inclusive : | and it would he observed that the Synod | claimed the right of having the expenditure ! -of the governing body laid before it annually. \- Clause IS, down to the end of clause 23, provided for , the appointment of canons. The committee had been -obliged te adopt some plan of election, and the one they had chosen might not meet approval, but that was a point to be decided by the Synod. There was another point to which be might allude, — the appointment ofgthe precentor. It might be said that the precentor ought to be one of the canons ; but here there might be some difficulty in finding among the canons a person qualified for the office of pre centor. They would, therefore, have to find outside a per son suitable for the offico, although any qualified canon might be appointed. The remaining clauses called for no j comment, and therefore he Bhonld not prolong his explan ation. He was mnch obliged for the attention given to the remarks he had made, and he now moved the second read i -ing of the ordinance. ttr. B. Jokes seconded the motion. The Hon. J. Docker said it was not his intention to oppose the second reading of this ordinance ; bnt at the came time, he mnst state that he could not help thinking it a measure in which there were many details, as to the pro priety and expediency of which he was not fully satisfied from the explanation just afforded by the learned Chan cellor. These details were, he thought, of such a character that they won'd require to be very considerably modified in committee. And first, he had been struck with the inser tion of Each a provito as that which appeared .in the second clause of the ordinance: ' Pw- ; vidsd, nevertheless, that nothing in this ordinance j 'Contained shall be held to affect or prejudice the I rights, or interests, if any, which the Parish of St. I .Andrew may now have in the said Church of St. Andrew.' I He could not understand why such a clause should have 1 been inserted at all. The Chancellor had effectually demo 1 listed the idea that the parishioners of St. Andrew's had I -any rights, or interests in this Cathedral, and why that I gentleman, whom he supposed to have drafted the measure, 1 -should have inserted such a clause as that, he felt totally at 1 a 1of6 to understand. (Hear, hear.) It could have nooe .! -Official effect ; and instead of doing good, it would rather jj tend, as he thought, to encourage the notion that some such \- -; sight did actually exist. A proviso of a similarly -unnecessary character was also, in his opinion, appended to the end of clause three — providing (hat the inhabitants of the ecclesiastical district in the neighbourhood of the Cathedral should not acquire any special rights in, or any control over, the said Cathedral. Moreover, as it appeared to him, the terms of the fifth clause were inconsistent with the theory, that the Biahop was to be deemed the incumbent of this Cathedral Church, and amounted to nothing better than a mere surplusage. The 16th clause — that which referred to the disqualification ?f the Canons — was, he considered open to very consider able objection, for in that the language was such as went } to show that it was proposed to call a new tribunal i into existence, other than that already proposed to be pro } vided. For himself, he deprecated the establishment of | any such special tribunal, deeming the provision already £ -contemplated would, for all purposes, be amply sufficient. I The next paint on which lie should be disposed to ask the !- ^Chancellor for further explanation, was the 24th clause, ? ; 'having reference to the election of lay members of the 1 -chapter. He was unable to see the necessity for any regn ! lafion whatever being made in respect of the seniority of 1 such canons. It was a provision which he considered to be -pot required, and he could not understand the grounds upon which it was proposed to intro duce any such provision into this ordinance. To which purpose was it of these lay canons, all similarly rappeintcd, any should be privileged to take precedence of his felluws r *In the 25th clause provision was made for -the disqualification of lay members of the chapter, on -terms different from those to be imposed upon clerical | members. The Synod bad hitherto recognised no such * -principle, as the trial of laymen by a Church tribunal. 1 He objected to clause 18, by the terms of which fifteen J slergymen were obliged to be present, merely to initiate the I preliminary proceedings, yet the only real necessity was j that, when the real business was to be done only Jive were I -required to be present. Why should they have recourse to I -this proposed cumbersome mode of proceeding ? Why not ft allow the clergymen to send in writing their nomination of j! members F Grave consideration -as to the form of the bill r -was urgently necessaiy before the measure came out of f committee. He felt it his duty to say this, but he nevcr (j ihcless did not intend to oppose the second reading. E Mr. Coksett Stefhek agreed with the last speaker, in I thinking that the bill ought not to be passed without all dne discussion. Some of its details were, in his opinion, so large and so important that the ordinance ought not to be -allowed to go into committee without having undergone some material modification. He was not -particularly well versed in the constitution of cathedrals, put he believed he was right in thinking that a cathedral -ought to be looked upon as the chnrch for the whole dio cese ; a church in which the building should be larger than -usual — perhaps of a more ornate character. But was it really necessary for them to have so large and cumbrous a 'body as this chapter to manage sucha church ? He thonght mot. The Bishop, and three clergymen, and three laymen -would, in his opinion, be quite sufficient to manage the -affaire of snch a church. It must be remembered that they were poor. He did not think that the Chancellor bad any reason to congratulate himself upon the mode in which he had introduced the lay elem nt. It seemed rather to him that the whole influence in the » cathedral chapter wonld by this be thrown into the hands of tho clergy. The ley members of their church were nbt to be allowed, by themselves to appoint any members of the chapter. (Hear.) He thonght the arrangements as to the precentor and canons might all be thrown into one ?clause, and that the whole thing was unduly cumbrous. ! He should not oppose the seoond reading, but thought the bill required veiy material modifications. Tho question that the ordinance be read a second time was then put and carried without opposition. . The CuakceU-or (Mr. Alexander Gordon) moved that the committal of the ordinance stand on order of the day Sot to-morrow. The Hon. J. Docker moved, as an amendment, that the committal of the ordinance stand an order of the day for Friday next. There would be likely to be but a thin house to-morrow, as it was a public holiday and the Duke of Edinburgh's birthday. It was desirable to have the 9 ordinance discussed in a full Synod. [ Mr. E. B. Docker seconded the amendment. : Mr. Richard Jokes opposed the amendment, and argued that it would be very desirable to proceed at once with the business. It was the particular wish of the country clergy to get through the work as soon as possible. The amendment was pnt end lost, and the Synod, at 9 \- -o'clock, adjourned until to-morrow (Thursday), at 7 pan. i Thursday, 6th August. | The Synod met pursuant to special adjournment, the Might Reverend President taking the chair at 7 o'olock in the evening. MIKUTES. The minutes of proceedings on Wednesday were read by ; the Acting Clerical Secretary, the Bev. B. L. King, and signed by the President. QUESTION'. Mr. Holland asked by what means the Cathedral of St. Andrew was to be endowed. The President: In every shape. Bj VOTE OF THANKS. a On the motion of the Bev. Dr. Tuckeb, seconded by ? Mr. G. F. Wise, it was agreed, — ' That the thanks of the If Eyned are hereby presented to the proprietors h and editors of the Auttralian Churchman for the SI generous gift of two hundred and fifty copies of ja the last issue of that paper for the use of the members of the Synod, containing the charge delivered by the Bight ? Bev. the Metropolitan at the recent visitation, the sermon ? preached by the Very Bev. the Dean, and the address of I ' the Lord Bishop in opening the present session of Synod.' I APPOINTMENT^ T9 VACANT OFFICES. ? On motion of the Very Bev, the Dean, duly seconded, the following appointments were agreed to and accepted : — Mr. William Barker, chairman of committees (re-elected, having resigned on his appointment as registrar) ; Mr. William Barker end Mr. T. tv. Smart, members of tho Standing Committee (in place of the Hon. G. W. Cox, de ceased, and Mr. Charles Cowper, resigned) ; Mr. G. F. Wise, lay secretary; the Bev. H. A. Palmer, clerical secretary (in place of the Bev. B. L. King resigned) ; and Mr. J. F. Raymond and Mr. B. Johnson, auditors of tho accounts of the Standing Committee. THE LAMBETH PASTORAL. The Bev. G. Vidal moved,—' That, while thanking the Metropolitan for reading to us the Pastoral of the Con ference of Lambeth, ho be requested to convey to the Archbishop of Canterbury the respectful acknowledg ment of the Synod of this diocese for that Pastoral.' The rev. mover said he was sure be spoke the sentiments of all members of tho Synod in expressing thanks for the reading of this pastoral. Among the many topics touched upon in the President's address this one seemed to claim a special acknowledgment, to show both our sense of its importance and our thankfulness that the President had given it such prominence as to embody it in his address He (Mr. Vidal) had further to move that the President be requested to convey to the Archbishop of Canterbury the effect of this resolution of the Synod, because it most be felt that this Synod, as a representative body of the Church in this diocese, ought to have the opportunity of formally acknowledging a document which had been addressed to the whole Chnrch at large. Setting aside all considerations of merit in the pastoral, all mnst feel that it was nothing more than what was courteous and becom ing, and within what was Bimply consistent with the dig nity of the Synod, that it should publicly and formally acknowledge that missive, with the affectionate tone of which oil must have been struck, so full was it of the ex pression of Christian and primitive charity — a missive which, as the President told us, came to us from an august assembly of not less than eighty-two bishops from all quarters of the globe, and representing every branch of the Church at present in communion with us, and moreover forwarded to our hands by a prelate so eminent and so revered as the Archbishop of Canterbury. He could speak of its loyalty to the principles of the Church, of its re sistance to Roman alliance in every shape, and to the refined subtleties of infidel philosophy, and the many shades of socinianism all knew to their cost to be so pre valent at present, and, in fact, to its display of the steady maintenance of the faith once delivered to the Saints.' He could also speak with delight of the great clearness and distinctness it preserved between the Chnrch as a Divine institution -and the Church in alliance with the State. But it was not his intention to tronble the Synod with any observations of the kind, for the force of that document wonld only be weakened by any words of his; bnt he might be per mitted to say, and all he believed would concur in it, that if it were possible to add to the intrinsic weight of this pastoral, that weight wonld have been added by the singular impressiveness with which it was read to the Synod. The Pastoral referred to is subjoined : — ' Address of thb Bishops. ' To the faithful in Christ Jesus, the priests and deacons, and the lay members of the Church of Christ in com munion with the Anglican branch ef the Chnrch Catholic, — ' We, the undersigned Bishops, gathered under the good providence of God for prayer and conference at Lambeth, pray for you that ye may obtain grace, mercy, and peace from God our Father, and from the Lord Jesus Christ our Saviour. ' Wc give thanks to God, brethren beloved, for the faith in our Lord Jesus Christ, and the love towards the saints, which hath abounded amongst you; and for the knowledge of Christ which through you hath been spread abroad amongst the most vigorous races of the earth ; and with one month we make our supplications to God, even the Father, that by the power of the Holy Ghost He wonld strengthen us with His might, to amend amongst us the things which are amiss, to supply the things which are lacking, and to reach forth unto higher measures of love and zeal in worshipping Him, and in making known His name; and we pray that in His good time He would give back unto His whole Church the blessed gift of Unity in Truth. ' And now we exhort you in love that ye keep whole and undcfiled the faith once delivered to the saints, as ye have received it of the Lord Jesus. We entreat yon to watch and pray, and to strive heartily with us against the frauds and subtleties wherewith the faith hath been afore time and is now assailed. ' We beseech you to hold fast, as the sure word of God, all the canonical Scriptures of the Old and Hew Testa ment ; and that by diligent study of these oracles of God, praying in the Holy Ghost, ye seek to know more of the Lord J esus Christ our Saviour, very God and very Man, ever to be adored and worshipped, whom they reveal unto us, and of the will of God, which they declare. ' Furthermore, we entreat you to guard yourselves and yours against the growing superstitions and additions with which in these latter days the (ruth of God hath been overlaid ; as otherwise, so especially by the pretension to universal sovereignty over God's heritage asserted for the Sec of Bome, and by the practical exaltation of the Blessed Virgin Mary as mediator in the place of her Divine Son, and by the addressing of prayers to her as intercessor between God and man. Of such beware, we beseech you, knowing that the jealous God giveth not His honour to another. ' Build yourselves up, therefore, beloved, in your most holy faith ; grow in grace end in the knowledge end love of Jesus Christ our Lord. Show forth before all men by your fsith, self-denial, purity, end Godly conversation, as well as by your labours for the people amongst whom God hath so widely spread you, and by the setting forth of His Gospel to the unbelievers and the heathen, that ye are indeed the servants of Him who died for us to reconcile His Father to us, and to be a sacrifice for the sins of the whole world. 'Brethren beloved, with one voice wo warn yon; the time is short; the Lord Cometh: watch and he sober. Abide s ted fast in the Communion of Saints, wherein God hath granted you a place. Seek in faith for oneness with Christ in the blessed Sacrament of His body end blood. Hold fast the creeds end the pure worship and order, which of God's grace ye have inherited from the Primitive Church. Beware of causing divisions contrary to the doc trine ye have received. Fray and eeek for unity amongst yourselves, and amongst all the faithful in Christ Jesus; and (be goed Lord make you perfect, and keep your bodies, souls, and spirits until the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.' The Bev. P. B. 6. Bailey seconded the motion. The Bev. W. Lumsdaine considered that it was our duty to make some acknowledgment of the pastoral which bad been received from the Lambeth Conference. The principle of unity was very clearly laid down therein, and there was a distinct disavowal of all Mariolitry in every shape. It was, therefore, peculiarly acceptable to us, ana he had mnch pleasure in supporting the motion. The motion was then pnt and carried nnanimonsly. CATHEDRAL ORDINANCE. On the motion of the Chancellor, the President left the chair and the Synod resolved itself into Committee of the Whole, for the pnrpose of considering the Cathedral Ordinance in detail. The preamble was postponed, and clause 1, setting forth the short title of the Ordinance, was also postponed. Clause 2 : ' This Ordinance shall be the Constitution of the Cathedral Church of St. Andrew in the City of Sydney hereinafter mentioned as the Cathedral and the trustee for the time being of the said chnrch of St. Andrew and every other person in any way acting in or about the execution of the trust hereinbefore mentioned shall in the execution of the said trust observe perform and keep the provisions of this Ordinance Provided nevertheless that nothing in this Ordinance contained shall be held to affect or prejudice the rights or interests if any which the pariah of St. Andrew may now have in the said Church of St. Andrew.' The Chancellor drew attention to the proviso at the end of the clause. Some objection had been taken to this proviso, on the ground that it was not necessary, and he merely desired to remark that it was simply intended to remove any doubt as to the action of the Synod under this ordinance. One immediate object of adding tho pro viso was to give people an opportunity of seeing that the Synod did not wish to prejudice any existing interest, and to remove some misapprehensions as to the intentions of the ordinance itself. On these grounds he moved that the clause ss it stood be clause two of the ordinance. Mr. Consett Stephen rose to oppose the proviso. Mr. Docker had, last night, taken objection to thie proviso because it tended to create a belief that the parishioners of St. Andrew's had special rights in relation to the cathedral, whereas the learned Chancellor had shewn most clearly that they had no such rights. He oonld easily understand how the clause was prepared, and the difficulties that mnst have occurred to the minds of the gentlemen who prepared it. Bnt the clause was unneces sary to secure the rights of the parishioners, because if any such rightB existed we could not touch them, and if they did not possess them the proviso meant nothing. He thonght, therefore, that the proviso should be expunged. Mr. B. Johnson seconded the motion for the expnno tion of the clause. If the parishioners of St. Andrews had no righta, what was the use of saying in this clause that they liad P Mr. B. Jones trusted that the- committee would not agree to the omission of this proviso. There was strong ground for thinking that a great number of the parishioners of St. Andrew's imagined that the Synod, by passing this ordinance, intended to prejudice their interests. We ought to give them a distinct assurance that we did not intend to prejudice them. They had no right to interfere in any way with the primary character of the Church ; but if any one would read all the proceedings in connection with this cathedral, he would find that expec tations had been raised that this church would be made the parish church of St. Andrew's. (Cries of ' No.') Some gentlemen said ' No.' If they would refer to a meeting held in May, 1849, they would ace that there were expecta tions held out that the building should be used not entirely cs a cathedral, but as a parish church. The late Bishop Broughton, in speaking to one of the resolutions at that meeting, seemed to attach a good deal of importance to that consideration. Any member of the Synod desirous of satisfying himself on that point might refer to the Herald of that date, and he would sec that theso assertions were correct. ' It was possible, then, that the pariehioners might think that they bad some rights, and we were under some obligation to deal tenderly with tbero. They would sustain a great loss when this cathedra] was opened. They wore a good con gregation, nnd had a gentleman ministering to them to whom they were much attached, and who was much attached to them. Unless this cathedral was opened as a palish chnrch, it would lead to the breaking up of the con gregation. Thus it was that tbo parishioners felt rather sore upon the matter ; and he thought that in passing this ordinance we should put in a distinct disclaimer to the effect that the Synod hod no desire to prejudice any rights that the parishioners possessed. Admitting that the words were mere surplusage, they could do no harm, and they would reassure the parishioners of St. Andrew's. He trusted that the committee would retain the clause in the form in which it now stood. Mr. Consett Stefhbk did not consider the words mere snrplusage. He thought they might do mischief. If these parishioners had claims tbey had. better be settled. If they were entitled to bave this as a parish church, they did not gain much by tke proviso, for it was taken away from them in the next clause. Mr. B. Joneb : How can the clause be mischievous P Mr. Consett Stephen : Because it tends to create a doubt where none should exist. The question that the words proposed to be omitted stand part of the clause was then put, and the Synod divided, when there appeared for the clause as it stood SO, and for : tho amendment 35. The amendment was therefore nega tived, and the clause was passed. Clause 3 : ' Nothing contained in ttii Ordinance Bhall prevent the Bishop of the dioceso if he shall so see fit from assigning to the Cathedral an ecclesiastical district under 1 the pastoral superintendence of the Dean of Sydney for the time being and to be represented in the Synod of the ciocese by the Dean and lay-members elected in the usual manner Provided nevertheless that the inhabitants of any such district shall not acquire any special rights in or any control over the Cathedral.' The Chancellor, in moving this clause, said that its ' object was to provide that in case it shouid seem right for the Biskop to assign to the Cathedral an ecclesiastical district, his doing so should not interfere with the working of this ordinance. The parishioners wonld not be able to obtain any control over the Cathedral. The clause was agreed to without amendment. Clause 4 : ' The Cathedral shall be called or known by the name of 'The Cathedral Church of St. Andrew Sydney' and shall be held to be the parish chnrch of the entire diocese.' The clause was passed. Clause S : ' The general management and government of the Cathedral shall be vested in a body of persons to be called ' The Chapter of the Cathedral Chnrch of St. An drew Sydney ' without prejudice however to the right of the Bishop of the diocese to use the Cathedral for ordina tions end on all other occasions appointed by hi™ and to officiate and preach in the Cathedral ss he may at any time see fit.' The Chancellor said it was intended that the govern ment of the Cathedral should not interfere with the pecu liar rights of the Bishop, who was the incumbent of the cathedral, in the some sense as every member of the diocese was a parishioner thereof. The clause was passed. Clause 6 : ' The fabric and site of the Cathedral and all lands property moneyB and revenues belonging to the Cathedral shall be vested in the Bishop of the Diooese as trustee subject to the control of the Chapter as hereinafter provided.' This clause was agreed to. Clause 7 : ' The Chapter shall consist of fifteen members —namely, the Bishop of the Biocesefor the time being, the Dean of Sydoey for the time being appointed by the Bishop, the Chancellor of the Diocese for the time being ap pointed by the Bishop, six Canons bring licensed clergy men of the diocese in the holy order of priesthood resident within the diocese and appointed and elected as hereinafter provided, and six laymen being communicants of the United Church of England and Ireland resident within the diocese and elected by . the Synod of the Diocese as herein after provided.' The Chancellor explained that it had been considered advisable to mingle the lay and clerical elements in the governing body of the Cathedral. The Bishop had been in former times excluded from the chapter, and some discus sion had arisen as to whether he should be excluded in the present instance. It bad been considered desirable that the Bishop should form part of the Chapter. The Dean ot Sydney and the Chancellor of the diocese were also made members of the Chapter. Then there were six clerical canons and Bix lay canons, the latter to be elected by the Synod of the diocese. By this body the whole of the m am- bers of the diocese would be fairly represented. The Bev. Dr. Tucker proposed as an amendment that the words ' not less than,' after the words ' consist of,' be added in the first line. He concurred with mnch that had been said by the Chancellor, as he knew of a case in which' a bishop had been shut out of his own pulpit. He proposed the amendment because he thought it possible that the diocese might be divided iato arch-dioceses, and the time might come when it would be advisable to increase the nnmber of members of the Chapter. This wonld also leave it open to merge at some future time the Standing Committee in the Chapter. Mr. Consett Stephen was not sure that he did not coincide with the amendment, but he did not coincide with the reasons given for passing it- He thought the number of persons chosen to manage the Cathedral was too large. W'e were at present a small community, and it was our duty not only to provide for the exigencies of the nineteenth century, but for the future. He thought a committee of seven would be ample — the Bishop, Dean, two canons appointed by the Synod, and three lay canons, also appointed by the Synod. Mr. B. Jones considered that the amendment would create some difficulty unless the mover intended to make further alterations in the clanse. He thought Dr. Tucker would do well to let the clause pass as it was, and leave the Synod to provide for any future exigency that might arise. He believed that the Cathedral might be efficiently managed by a Chapter of seven, but he thought that the larger number of fifteen would manage it better. There were many reasons why the larger number should be chosen. The body would be a healthier body— would possess more ability — and would be less liable to subject itself to the domination of the Bishop. The Bev. Hulton S. King said that, it onerous duties were thrown upon a verv few persons, those duties would probably be ill performed ; and, as the canons would not be largely remunerated, they ought not to be too heavily burdened. TheBev.W. Stack thought the number of members of the Chapter should not be less then fifteen. The Bishop, Dean, and Chancellor, should be members, and there could not be less than six clerical Canons who, as he believed, would re ceive no remuneration at all. Less than six could not effi ciently perform the services ; and, of course, there must be six lay canons to balance them. The amendment was negatived, and the clanse was agreed to without alteration. Clause 8. ' The Bishop shall be president of the Chapter and the Dean shall act as president in the absence of the Bishop.' Clanse 9. 'Every member of the Chapter shall on thefirst occasion of his bring present at a meeting of the Chapter and before taking part in the business of the meeting sign the following declaration : ' I, A. B., do hereby solemnly promise that I will duly observe and keep the* roles and regulations of this Church so far as they affect me as a member of the Chapter and in- all other particulars.' ' Clause 10. ' Four members of the Chapter two clerical and two lay shall form a quorum and at all meetings of the Chapter the senior Canon present shall in the absence of the Bishop and Dean act as president The presidont shall have a vote as a member of the Chapter but shall not have any second or casting vote.' These clauses were all agreed to withont discussion. Clause 11. ' The Chapter shall have power to make rules and regulations upon and in respect of all matters and things concerning the order and good government of the Cathedral and the management ana disposal of all Cathedral property moneys and revenues subject however to any specific trust by which the same may be affected and shall alfco from time to time as tccasion may require make rules and regulations for the performance conduct and arrange ment of the services in the Cathedral.' Mr. Consett Stephen moved that the clanse be amended by the insertion, after the word ' Chapter,' of the following words, ' subject to the general power of the Synod.' The Chancellor (Mr. Alexander Gordon) and Mr. Richard Jones opposed the amendment, which, after some short discussion, was, by leave, withdrawn. Mr. Wilkinson drew attention to the fact that two apeciea of powers were proposed to be conferred upon the Chapter— first, powers to make rules for order and good government ; and secondly, powers, from time to time, as occasion might require, to make rules and regulations for the performance, conduct, and arrangement of the services of the Cathedral. He thought that the wording of the clause would he likely to be attended with inconvenience. He proposed — (1), that in the first line of the clause, after the word ' power,' the following words be inserted : — ' from time to time as occasion may require ; ' (2), that in the same line, after the word 'make,' the following words be inserted : ' alter and annul ; ' and that (3), in the 6th line of the clause, the words ' alter and annul be inserted after the word 'make.' He moved the first of these amendments accordingly. The amendment was pnt end carried. Mr. Wilkinson then moved the second of these amend ments be had suggested to the Synod, bnt, on its being pnt to the Synod, the amendment— substantially the same as the third— was negatived. The clause was then pnt as amended, and agreed to. ClanBe 12. Conduct of Business. — 'The Chapter may make rules for the conduct of all business coming before it and for trying the validity of tho election of any canon and for securing the filling np of any vacancy which may occur in the Chapter.' Mr. Consett Stephen moved that the olanso he emended by the insertion after the word ' Chapter' in the first line of the words ' from time to time as occasion may require.' The Chancellor acceded to the amendment, which was put and agreed to, i The clause was further Amended by the insertion of the words ' in manner hereinafter provided,' after the words 'filb'ngup' in the seoond like. The cause so amended, was ant and carried. Clanse 13. 'The Chapter shall from time to time re gulate the amount of tho salaries of all offioera of the Cathedral hereinafter specified and shall have power to suspend or dismiss any officer of the Cathedral for any cause which in the opinion of the Chapter shall warrant such suspension or dismissal.' M. Consett Stephen objictedto the incumbering of this Act with the names of the officers of the Cathedral. It was not necessary to do so. He begged to move that all the words after the word ' shall' (in the first line), be omitted, with the view to the insertion of a clause giving power to the Chapter to appoint such offioera as they might ihink fit. The Chancellor objected to the amendment. The proposed alteration would tend to deprive the constitution of this church of that cathedral character with which it was the great desire of the Churchmen of this colony to see it invested. The amendment was put, and negatived. The Bev. H. A. Palmer moved that the words 'other than clerical' be inserted after the word ?'officer.' The Chancellor opposed the amendmentmoved by the Bev. H. A. Palmer. All the offences that the chapter could deal with were not oflenoes aggainst ecclesiastical law, but offences against the rules end regulations of the Chaptgr. The Bishop said that snch a rule as that proposed was in accordance with the coarse usually followed in the management of Cathedrals at home. The offences proposed here to bo dealt with, wonld be mere breaches of Cathedral regulations— not offences against the ecclesiastical laws or doctrine of the Chnrch. The Bev. Thomas Smith and Mr. Richard Jones supported the clanse as it stood. The Bev. H. A. Palmer could not bnt think that the wording of the clanse had a very wide eignificanee — one far too wide. Suppose it concerned the case of the pre centor. It might be quite possible that the Chapter, by dismissing such an officer, would be inflicting quite as great a punishment on the party so dismissed as oonld be inflicted by any tribunal. After some farther discussion, the amendment moved by the Bev. H. A. Palmer was put and negatived, and the clanse agreed to withont amendment. Clause 14. ' The Chapter shall annually lay before the Synod of the Diocese an acoount of reoripts and expendi ture.' This clauso was put and agreed to. Clause 15. Canons. ' There shall be six Canons three of whom Ehall he appointed by the Bishop and three elected by the clergy of the diocese in manner hereinafter pro vided. The two now existing Canons shall be considered as. having been already appointed end elected by the Bishop and clergy respectively. And the first vacancy which ehall occur in the Chapter in connection with either of the two now existing canons shall be considered aa occur ring in connection with a canon appointed by the Biahop. Tbe canons shall take rank as among themselves according to the date of their appointment or election and when two or more canons shall be appointed or eleoted at the same time the canons so appointed or elected ehall trice rank ac cording to their seniority as clergymen of the diocese and every canon shall unless becoming disqualified as herein after provided hold his office for life.' This clanse wee pnt and agreed to. The following clause was also agreed to : — Clause 16:'' A Canon shall become disqualified by being absent from the diocese for three months in succession without the permission of the Bishop or by ceasing to hold a license as a clergyman of (he diocese or by snch a violation of the rules and regulations of the Cathedral as shall in the opinion of two-thirds of the Chapter render him unfit to continue to act as a member of the Chapter.' Clause 17 : ' For electing canons the Dean shall by the direction of the Bishop ana in such manner and for auch place and time (being not less than fifteen days from the date of the summons) as to the Bishop shall seem conveni ent summon a meeting of the licensed clergy of the diocese being in the holy order of priesthood and having cure of a- nls within the diocese And the Dean or in his absence some clergyman in priest's orders appointed by l''m in writing shall preside as chairman at all meetings or ad journed meetings for the election of canons but the chair man shall not bave any vote except in the case hereinafter specially provided.' The Chancellor briefly explained to the Synod the. proposed mode of proceeding, under this clause, in regard to the election of canons. The clanse was the first of a series which might very safely be adopted. Tbe Bev. William Stack desired to movejan amend ment, the effect of which would be to canse the omission of all the clausee from the 17th to the 23rd inclusive. He moved that all the words after the word ' for,' in the first line, be omitted, with the view to the insertion of a clause, the effect of which would be to secure the fact that the (lection of the canons should he carried on when the Synod was sitting. He was induced to lake this course because he had been very forcibly impressed with the ferce of some remarks made by (tie Hon. Joseph Docker yesterday. If the quorum required by the clause did not happen to assemble, no action could take place. He objected to the course of proceeding proposed to be adopted as regarded the election of these canons — spread, ss that election would he, over a space of not less than six weeks—because he thought it might possibly lead to a fostering of party spirit. He considered it would be far better to nave the matter settled when the clergy and the representatives of the laity were together, and when each of such elections might be fairly talked ovet. The Rev. Mr. Mayke seconded the amendment. The Bev. Mr. Morbtox wished to ask a question. Was ibe term ' having a cure of souls' to be token as meaning having a separate core of souls p The Chairman of Committees had no doubt what ever that what was meant was clergymen who had ' sepa rate ' cores of souls— the incumbents. The Bev. G. H. Moreton trusted that tbe clause would te so amended that all clergymen who were licensed by the Bishop to a cure of souls might be permitted to give their vote in the election of those canons. He much regretted that clergymen ' not having a separate core of souls' — but who were actually called 'curates' — should have been excluded from that Synod. It was a great defect in their constitution that such should be the case. The Chairman of Committees explained to the rev. gentleman that he could not then bring forward any motion until such time as the amendment before the committee (moved fcy Mr. Stack) had been disposed of. The Rev. T. C. Ewing and the Rev. H. S. King op posed the amendment proposed by the Rev. William Stack. Mr. Richard J ones pointed out that there was nothing in the clause, as it stood, to prevent the Bishop from causing the election to take place during the sitting of the Synod. Mr. .W Foster also spoke in opposition to the amend ment moved by tbe Bev. W. Stack. Tho Bev. W. Stack addressed the Synod at some con siderable length in opposition to the principle adopted in theclause. The Chancellor replied to the arguments brought forward by the Rev. W. Stack. The amendment was put and negatived. The Bev. G. H. Moreton moved that the chairman do leave the chair, report progress, and ask leave to sit again to- morrow. The motion was negatived. The Bev. G. H. Morxton moved that the clauso be amended by striking out the words 'end having cure of scnls within the diocese.' He moved this amendment in justice to a large and valuable body of clergymen who were licensed by the Bishop, but who were (as he thought) unjustly now excluded from the Synod. He hod himself keenly felt that exclusion from the Synod in his clerical capacity when he had had a cure of souls, but not a ' separate ' cure of souls. The Chancellor opposed the amendment. It was the clergymen who bad sole charge of parishes who alone could rightly have a voice in the regulation of the principal church of the whole diocese. The Eev. Dr. Tucker understood that there was no thing in the ordinance to prevent clergymen not incumbants from being elected canons. (Hear, hear.) The Bev. H. S. King opposed the amendment moved by ibe Bev. Mr. Moreton. After some further conversation, the amendment was put and negatived. The Bev. G. H. Moreton then moved that after the woid ' dioccec ' the words ' either as incumbent or curate'' be inserted. Mr. Richard Johnson seconded the amendment. The amendment was put end negatived. The clause so amended was pnt and carried. On the motion of the Chancellor, the Chairman left the chair, reported progress, and obtained leave to sit again to-morrow. Cathedral Ordinance to take precedence. The Synod adjourned at 11 o'clock until to- morrow, Friday, at 3.30 p.m. 