NOT GENEEAIXY KKOWN. — It has been well said that the Bame idea may occur at once to two great men. Professor Tyndall is very fairly credited with Lis share of feme for the publicaiimi of his erudite treatise on " Heat considered as a meaus of motion." It must not be forgotten, however, that this theory was anticipated by the practical experiment of the first clown who applied the red-hot puker to his aged friend. Pantaloon.—Punch. SCENE AT A RELIGIODS ASYLUM.—Some time ago we gave a brief account of a watch night at Air Govett's religious asylum in Kurrygrove. Now we have to record a tea meeting in tte same blissful arcadia. The cap that "cheers •but not inebriates" is at all times a pleasant beverage. In the palace, in the mansion, in the cottage, and in the hovel it is healthful to partake ot bat in a chapel, with pious hands to make the bohea, the elect to cut the bread and butter, and Stiggins, with eyes upturned and the ®rease running down the corners of his month—ah ! that must be bliss indeed! This particul T tea, however, had one advantage over ' 'many other*, viz., it was not graced by the red, nosed shepherd alluded to above, bat by lie •chief dipper. Mr Qovett himself. This tea, too- Was a children's turn oat, in which the Mgger children, in the shape of teachers and a few of the chosen of the congregation, joined. Mr Govett, too—brave heart!—delivered a rambling incoherent, windy exhortation to the children, and afier tea it was whispered there were to be some " games," and there had like to have been •one, and no flies, before the entertainment terminiAfter tiie Govett oration that guileless piece of human architecture retired, leaving the young ones in charge of bis lambs, and then followed the gamer, vir, "One poor •widow," " Kiss in the ring," &c.; Presently the papa of one or two of the children rolled in to take bis family home. Utterly mystified, no doubt, by his day's labor, he sat down and apparently half dozed, and during this state of semi oblivion, in the presence of the lambs, he •commenced fumbling about his coat, which he unbuttoned; then followed the same operation with Lis waistcoat, then his braces, till finally he began to manipulate his inexpressibles. Here a scream of horror went up to the very -ceiling of the paradise from the throata of the lambs, who, rushing upon Mr D «y, thrust him out, and commenced, as Mr Tillet says, a sweet hymn, when, ns they reached the middle, they all turned, aud like the ghost of Banquo in Macbeth'* chair, there sat Mr Dosy, again working away at his braces and kicksies with might and main. This was too much; so they fell npon him a trifl» rougher than ever, and out with him •again, locking the door, while they pursued the remaining part of their peculiar devotions. Arriving, however, at half past nine, one of the party turned out the gas—an old chapel game— then commenced a general scramble and screaming for the door, in the midst of which^we made our exit, looking carefully round to see if Mr Dosy was manipulating in the open street However, he was ivan est, and, speedily, so were we.—Norai-h Argus.. rADvEHTisEMCKT]. — Holloway'fi Pills. — Dyspeptic Disorders. — Most of the diseases of the digestive organs ^consist in a weakness of the affected parts, causing a deficiency or depravity of the bile or gastric juice. These Pilla .-re-establish the right performance of these function 8 and thus triumphantly reatoie and lenmte appetite, digesting and health. Holloway's Pais perpetually present cures of chronic indigestion and its attendant maladies, that can hardly be . relieved, and certainly that never were cured by any other means, medicinal, die tic. or otnerwise. , Tuey are admirably .adapted for every-claw and eveiy constitution. Holloway's Pills cannot be equalled for jhe purifying, «oothlng. and regulating powers Uiey exercise over all diseases of the digestive, mucous, and muscular systems, and they are peculiarly efficacious in nervons debility. JOSH BILLINGS' (SAYINGS—A ded traitor makes a Sweet korps. Yu ma make a whissel out or piga * tales, bnt IT yu flu. yu"ll End youV anile a very worthy tile, and got a devellish poor: whisseL : In conaait there is a difference between buhfnllness and modes ta. the one soon wares oph, and the other iieverdus; A vartuous, and ekonomikal, and fencing, and beautiful whooman iz—iz.al thatcan be sed on theauhjec- Fickshon is a sort ov hafwa-hous betwean die temjwls of trewtb andfidBOOd -: where-the good and bad moat tn li ste little. Tne . most,intensely beautiful scene I perused, tnis t dane. fat, haf-drefsed baby, on the floorkikin up bis heals, and pounding a lookJn glas and a gold watch togptber. Ilunny is like promises, easier jnaiUtban kep The fules in this wurld make .about as much tmbleas the wicked dn. lUsfortin >u3 twins hardly ever cum singly.. . 