LONGFELLOW IN ENGLAND. Tore following excellent verses which ap. peired in the Times on July 2, as a wel. come to Professor Longfellow, were gene. rally attributed to Mr. Charles Kingsley. They were written by ifr. Charles Kent- Welcomes to England I thou whose strains pro. long The glorious beds-roll of our Snxon song: Ambassador and Pilgrim Bard in one, Fresh from thy hIre-the homeo of Washing. On hearthll as sacred as thine own, here stands T'he Ioving welcomeo that thy namoe comnmands; Ilearths swept for thee atud garnished as a By trailing garments sf thy Mutse divine, Poet of Natulre and of Nations, know 'Thy fair filame spans the ocean like a bow Bornll t'ross1 tihe rain that falls into cacti life, Klindled by dreamrs with loveliest fancies rife; A radiant arch that withl prrismatic dyes Links the two worlds, its keystone in the sies. T'he noblest creatures of those dreams of thino, Fironm Iliawatha to er'vangolire, Here thloll wilt ilnd, where or thiy footsteps roaull, Loerd as te ichrisshed Lures of eonch home. \What prouder refrain heartenos to the cure Than thou hIst sung its brsav Excalsior ? Whereo souids more gladdunlng 'omid tils early strife Than the sweet clarions of thy Psalmt of Lifo ? None Illlt the ralrest rarronlteur marry glrace Thel mimic entuest where most yield thee place. Say whici, fir either, failer wreaths produce, eIrving's Astoria ra thly Flower do Luce? Which hauntod hostel lures more guests with. ill, llawthorno's Seven Gables or thy Wayshid his1 ? Turning thy pictured page, what varying dyes Shine through each latticed margin's now sariure'iso? hIere tie swoart Blacksmith, smirched with grime and tan, Tears in his eyes, yet every inch a man. Hlure, 'mid the rieo.field, heaving hlis last breath, Thre p orI Slravo.uonarch dreatms hinself to Iore, while without loud raves the tempest's Ilere, while around the revellors brawl within, Thu dying Ullron thro' the grave's ldak goal Seeks Christ's redeionirlg parssport ,fI tihe soul. Whlr heurs trot now, stormed down among thy lunoaves, The rain that poured like cataraots from the eaves, Roared through the kennels, lashed tile streamlilg pllos, Flooded trhe squares, the streets, tho"hourts, tihe lanllc, lRaging like seas that o'er some foundoring wreck Swill thro' the scuppers from the swirmming duulk ? Cool, teoming, plenteous, soulrefreshling showers Qruaf'fed by parahed earth and by tile thlrsting fliowers, Nor less by those who listened to thy song As, ilik L.odore's, thy delugeo dasid along. \Vhur subtler solace stl that thy gentle vice FIonm riven hearts can draw till griefs rejolco Answeor, what oft.riplenilg woo?n o'orpnwslrs T'ha lay sroreu, the Italper and the flowers ? Sn Ilrg tihy sy mpsrathles, tihy haud erlr trace Charlns hi each clhinu and glory in each race: So puoentant thy love, its gaze can lind God in the Ilower, Ills breathings in the wind; Mlesh with more hmlnpen coil in rope.walk spun AIll humri joys and ills bIneath the sunr; Wake witll grand collhos sf reslnsosive rllymas Lung silent rrotes of rmldimval chIIIUss; Nay, hler ill hush of sorried arms arrayed "'lTh dilpason of the canonadoI." 'Mid lurgatorial fires, il heaveno, Iln I ll, 'Thy' dauntless soul Iath lately dalred to dwell, Pl'nnslg o'or bulrning inlrl, whlre Danto trod With Virgil's ghost to Jlutrlicer and God. Yet, rarely gifted nature t translate, Refluect lnot othurs, thus : thyself cret.te, lting out rncee more in thine own gohader lines bifoe's luner uanrll.iug, nlot tihe tPloraonltio's 1'hou iwho hast given tlly droamings to our sight And sy llbllod the Voices of the Night: Tluou who lhas sLnr?g, as noio butt thrn could sinlg, Thr tender legernd of tihe Angel-.ling l'hou who around with affluout haod has thrown 'ile honvenly largess of lithy honison, lIr?nardiug lnou ans allon to thy hrunst Colutbhil's Pout, hall as .Elgland's Gleost. O. K. 