LITTLE WIFE. When the fire is burning brightly, Little wife of mine, ' Oh 1-my-heart it's beating lightly, :As your.hand I'm olaaping tightly, Like our fire, hope's flame burns brightly, Little wife of mine I When we faced the world together, Little wife of mine, . When we left our moorland heather, ..O'er us lowered life's wintriest weather, 1 Forty made our years together, . Little wife of mine 1 I had hope, and yov. my own love, Little wife of mine ; \- Darkling hours since then we've known love But our life lias brighter grown, love, ' For that baby of our own, love, Little wife of mine t You have spared me much, much sorrow, Little wife of mine 1 , I have worked and soorned to borrow, Saving money 'gainst the morrow; Sweet, you've saved me sin and sorrow, Little wife of mine 1 ' I am stronger, dear, if older, Little wife of mine. For your dear head on my shoulder, Makes me feel, God knows, the bolder ; Hair grows grey—love grows not older, Little wife of mine. .APPARITION.—A report is current that •the apparition of a woman clothcd in white, has .recently been Been on the Breakwater Beach. The object, it is said, makes its appearance between the hours of 9 and 12 at night, and has been witnessed by a number of people from the hill. In some instances the spectators have descended the cliff and gono close up to where the ' ghost' was last noticed, but, as is usually the case with ghosts, nothing whatever was to be seen.—Newcastle Chronicle. TEEATMENT OP "WOUNDS BY CAEBOLIO ACID.—In his address on Surgery to the Bengal Branch of the British Medical Association, Dr. Fayrer gives a detailed account of the application of Professor Lister's mode of employing carbolic ocid, and concludes by saying:—To the surgeons who treated and watched the caseB, its good cffects were very apparent; and the circumstances of each have impressed them with the most satisfactory evidence of its value. It was frequently obvious that, just at a point in its progress where the supervention of unfavorable symptoms was dreaded, the aspect of a case became favorable, when former experience would have led them to expeot the reverse, and the im- pression loft on thoir minds, and oortainly on nine, is that they have discovered a very valuable auxiliary in the treatment of surgical disease. BIG SHIPS AND BIG-GUNS.—"What will be tbe issue of the contest between big guns and armour-plates? The situation is becoming ridiculous; it is the old game of pull devil, pull baker. Says the gunmaker, I'll make a gun that will smash every armour-plate in existence. Then, saya the naval constructor, I'll make a thicker plate, that will defy your gun, and build a eliip that no known shot will penetrate. Then, retorts the first, I will make a still greater gun, and blow your Bhip to scrap iron. That's just bow we are getting on, and how wo shall go, till vessels and guns become unmanageable. I see that machinery has been invented—presumably from sheer necessity—for loading heavy guns without hand labor. If ingenuity is boundless, why not extend this automatic principlo to the manufacture of fighting machines that shall dispense with human fighters altogether, and do battle without bloodshed P CENTBAL CUMBEELAITD.—Mr. Maopher- 8on's resignation has been forwarded to the Speaker, and thus there is a vacancy in the representation of Central Cumberland. A writ for the election of a new member was issued yesterday. When the Assembly is Bitting vacancies are declared by resolution tut the.Electoral Act provides that in all cases' of vacancy when the Assembly is not in ses- sion, or when such vacancy occurs during any adjournment for a longer period than 7 days, the Speaker may issuo his writ without such preceding resolution. The plaoe of nomination is Liverpool. The nomination is to take place on Monday, the 14th Dec., the polling on the following Thursday (17th) and the writ is to be returned on the 81st Deo. AN OPENIM FOB SOMEBODY.—Any stout, healthy, young fellow, who has no desire to Jlnn 8 .1 m T&"T Wbo bas no Actions to continual watchfulness and occasional hard work —who does not feel exposure to all sorts of weather-who can be content with mutton meat, and hard biscuits $11 the year roundand lastly, who has no particular love for the society of either man or woman—mieht be very iinpny as a 'shepherd in BoenoB Avres and will have no difficulty in finding employ^ 