THE NORTHERN TERRITORY QUES TION IN THE TOWN HALL. The Parliament to which we are chiefly indebted for the Northern Territory nnulillo has ceased to exist, aud over its new-made grave an indignant public have been holding a conclave extraoruuiary on a certain unsatis factory clause in its last will and testament. The deceased is said to have somewhat re sented tho neglect of the Government to ask its dying advice on Captain Cadell's report. East Adelaide is also 'said to resent the slight put upon her by the Treasurer in revealing important State secrets to an alien constituency. Mr. Reynolds, when he had made up his mind to bell the cat, with regard to the land-order-holders ought, she thinks, to have done it nearer home. But he was not to escape with a marine echo of Cabinet deliberations sounding confusedly amid red rust and broken-necked jetties. The city resolved to know more definitely | wliat the 'wild wave3 had been Baying' at j Victor Harbour. I The meeting began and ended with a liberal ; display of recrimination, and, to make that part of the ceremony complete, the members | of all the Governments which have been in i office since the Northern Territory Bill passed j ought to have received special invitations. ! It is a curious if not signilicant fact that the I Ministry which originated tho Northern ? Territory scheme was, M'ith one oxcep- ? tion, the same that is now being called to account for it3 failure The Act which has attained to so unpleasant a notoriety among the lawyers as No. 23 of , 1863 was- introduced on the 1st October of j that year by Captain Hart, as Treasurer of the Ayera Ministry, which included also tho present Attorney-General, Commissioner of Crown Lauds, and Commissioner of Public Works. Had Captain Hart been in Mr. Reynolds' place we would have now in office the very Cabinet in which the Adam Bay expedition was hatched. Tho rash prediction that this colony would never have to pay a penny for tho Northern Territory 13 rising up like tho ghost of Banquo before the Ministerial Macbeth. Fortunately for tho discredited seer there was no 'Hansard' in those days— no witches' cauldron of printing ink from which the shadows of the past might issue in procession stretching out to the crack of doom — ' Black spirits and nlu'le, li-.d spirits and prey. Mingle, mingle, mingle, Yon that rninelo may.' Tho witchea who have set in motion tho 'double, double, toil and trouble,' which ia to swallow up Mr. Reynolds before his timo will have some difficulty in finding one of the ingredients of their cauldron. After rum maging old files to their hearts' content, they may lw unable to bring home the false prediction as clearly as they might wish to the political Balaam. It is undeniable that there was in 1863 a general understanding, both in Parliament and throughout the country, that our local revenue was uot to be liable for the cost of settling tho new territory. It was to meet this universal feeling tho scheme of prelimi nary land sales waa proposed and adopted. Theysuppliedthe Government with money for preliminary expenses, which otherwise would have had to come out of the local exchequer. The distinction between the general and this special revenue was further jnaika! by tho Government representing itself as tho agent of tho embryo colony, and charging a com mission on the proceeds of the land sales. One sanguine member of the Assembly would have had tho NorthernTcrritoryFiuid at once debited with the cost of Stuart's expedition. But few liad any inisgiviiigs as to the land not being taken up, ana fewer still doubted the practicability of giving tho puichasera prompt possession. fbo first stage of the experiment seems to have been taken for granted, and the only subject of apprehonsion was how the settlement would succeed when left to itself. Tho word failure was seldom heard, and even the few alarmists who darr»-»od tho general enthu siasm did not anticipate that we should be thus foiled on the veiy threshold. Tho dilemma in which wo arc now placed was inconceivable in 1SG3. No one dreamed of it, or would have ventured to tell his dream if he had. The question what should be done with the pur chasers of land in the event of the contract with them proving impracticable was never once hinted at. In the Wakefield jargon of the day, Palmerstoh was to be the nucleus of a ' self-supporting colony.' South Aus tralia, as its father-in-law, endorsed a fow accommodation-bills to enable it to com mence bnsiness, never doubting that they would be paid at maturity, and stipulating that no further assistance should be rendered' Tho non-respoiisibility doctrine waa a purely domestic understanding, and could not bar the claims of third parties. Now that the bills are about to be dishonoured, and the holders threaten legal proceedings, the endorser can hardly plead that the acceptor has all along been a man of straw. He set him up and gave him tho use of his signature, and secret clauses do not hold valid in commercial treaties. The worst that can be said against the Government of 1863 is that they encouraged the dream of a self-supporting colony. None of them appears to have gone the length of denying that any legal liability would be incurred; they only ignored too much the contingency of its having to be enforced. The chief offender in this respect it understood to have baen the then Treasurer, Captain Hart. In introducing the Northern Ter ritory Bill on the 1st October, 1863, he said— 'The great point to be gained was that the whole expenses of starting the colony »hould be secured by the sale of tho land, and the only way this could be done was ft hold out large inducements to first 'purchasers. . . .,. It was believed /that the sale of this land would pay the expenses fids colony would be put to.' The Commis sioner of Crown Lands (Mr. Glyde) com raitted himself s'ill further. In moving the second reading of the BiH pn' the 13th October, heannonnced that '(ktjihiprincipU of the measure tocu to. make tte tin territory self-supporting' In Committee flie Treasurer ventured a second prediction, that' 'there would be a great demand for land, and then, if the money so raised were applied to tho benefit of the new territory, its settlement would become a great success.' Mr. Nevillo Blyth expressed quite a contrary convic tion, that , 'the Bill would If tfie occasion of a jolly rote.' Can he have had a presenti ment of the day of reckoning which has at lerigth dawned upon the prophesiers of smooth things? In the Upper House the Chief Secretary tfwwed greater control over hja . ??. . - - .. , t '.....???'? emotions in spooking of the infant Romulus. 'All the Government required was that thoy should not be put to unnecessary ox lenae. . . . Thoy offered a portion of iho land for sale, and if tho public invested their capital in the country they would tako the responsibility of carrying oh the settle* mont with every prospect of success.' It waa on these terms the Adatn Bay Dxpodition was undertaken, with tho full consent and approval of at least one branch of the Legislature. When the first repulse was experienced a new Government proposed to a new Assembly to retreat while there waa still something to save, and the reply wm that they should inrtke- a fresh start. Tho most fatal error of all1 was com mitted, by tho Blyth Ministry. aTear ago, in attempting to carry out' this ! advice* when they must have known^ from -the practical information before them, that it was too late. They sent out a third exploring expe dition when there was barely time [left to complete the survoy. But tho Assembly was uot alone to blame for that.- 'A section of the land-ordor -holders had also been clamou ring for further exploration, as may 'be seen by the memorial which they -presented to tho Governor in January, 1865/ Therein they expressed their opinion that the delay of the surveys would be a smaller evil than over-hasty selection. To please them McKinlay was sent out,' and when he returned empty' handed they renewed through Parliament their demand for ex ploration. Again they obtained it, though they may fairly object to the four months' delay which occurred between tho debate of October, 1SG6, and the dispatch of Captain Cadell in February, 1807. But like Parliament, the laud-order-holders were divided among themselves. Thoso in Adelaide hul no sooner obtained their exploring party than their brethren in London complained of tho vexatious delays thereby occasioned, and made it h ground for demanding instant restitution. Such errors as were committed during tho first three yoara aroso from tho too amiablo policy of trying to ploaau evcrylwdy. Each successive Government was deluded by it, and time (dipped awny until tho crisis came for acting on their personal jtidgmont and responsibility. It way to tho Blyth Ministry this crisis pro sauted itself in February, 1867. Thoy blun dered it irretroi vably in devoting to exploration even a single month of tho period which would barelv have sufficed for survev. Tim present Government may say that tho dio had boon cast before they took oih'coj but they arc open to the retort that if they oould uot retricvo tho error of thoir predecessors, thoy ought not quietly to have allowed its evil consoquences to accumulate as thoy havo done. Thoy have had more titan ono opportunity of arresting tho current of disaster, instead of drifting nlonf* with it. Captaiu Cadoll might have boon recalled when ho camo to Burko Town in August last year. Or immediately on his return a Biirvoy party might have been dispatched with in structions to get as much land n» posaiblo ready before tho expiry of tho five yoaru. Thia would havo strengthonod our poaition with regard to both classes of landordor liolilcre ; for it would havo prevented cither of them charging ua with a legal breach of contract. Thoso who wanted back their money might have been lens exacting with regard to interest, knowing tho weak point in their claim. Thoso who mount to insist on having tho land might have' 1 icon far more reasonable as to tho terms of exten sion. As it is, we are at tho iueroy of both, and tha wholo undertaking hns to be begun over again. Finally, if tho Government hnd uot courngo enough for a slight rovp (Veldt of this kind, neither had they any right to retain a responsibility for which thoy pronounced themselves unfit. It would havo been better for them to hnvo called Parliament togothcr and rolioved thomsolvos of thoir preuioua bunion. Liko an over willing donkey, thoy havo held on until thoy got beyond the reach of assistance, and then in tho final break-down havo Bmashcd. everything beyond repair. 