CURRENT TOPICS. . The sixth of the series of working men's meetings will be held this evening, at the Mechanics' Institute. The chief attraction will be Mr C. E. Jones, M.L.A. . Electors residing in the Bcllarine district are reminded that the Registrar will be in attendance this day at the Shire Office, Drysdale, to issue electoral rights. The football match between the pupils I of the Gcelong and Melbourne Scotch Col- I leges will he played to-day in Melbourne. The rivalry between the two schools is very keen, and there is no doubt both will put forth every exertion to win. The teams are:—Geelong College—Robertson (cap tain), Ware, Ware, Rayner, Cuimning. Anderson, Armstrong, Turner, Fraser, Tillsley, Murray, Macoboy, Johnson, Pearson, *E. Landon, A. Landon, Whyte, Simson, and Anderson. Melbourne Col lege—"Wilson, Bennie, Bostock, Brasher, Catto, Dickson, Field, Harrison, Inglis, Johnstone, Kinnear, Leonard, Lewis, M'Kellar, M'Lean, Oliver* Robinson, Skene, Smith', Steven. The Rev J. S. "Waugh is to preach at the Central Wesleyan Church to-morrow. "A lecture on " Nature and Man " will be delivered in the Independent Church, M'Killop-street, on Tuesday, by the Rev A. M. Henderson. A meeting - of the members of the Ancient Independent Order of Odd fellows opposed to . the affiliation of the Order with the Grand Lodge of America was held at the Prince of Wales Hotel last evening. The case laid before counsel was read on which the grounds- upon which the objectors rest their opposition, were fully stated.* The opinion given by counsel thereon was also read, which con firmed on all points that the objectors can legally object to the proposed affiliation taking" place, and it was determined that further steps be taken to carry out the advice given by counsel., • The usual scratch match will be played this afternoon on the football gromid. Sides will be chosen from the players as sembled, As the Carlton match comes off next week, those who arc to take part therein should not miss this last opportu nity of match practice. • There .was a very good attendance at the Mechanics' Institute last evening to wit ness the wonderful acting of Miss Marion Nathan, who, as Dr O'Toole, completely took the house by storm. * It was really amusing to hear the remarks made upon this little girl. ' Everybody appeared to be highly gratified with her, but so thoroughly did she represent the "Lord of Creation" that no one that we heard said, how well she acts the part—it was invariably how weU he acts the part. The tea meeting to inaugurate the erec tion of a new common school building at Germantown, which has been looked for ward to for some time past, was held yes terday in the new budding, a description of which we published a few days ago. Notwithstanding the boisterous weather there was a very large attendance, and the meeiiug was a success pecuniarily and otherwise. Several visitors from Gee long were present, and among the speakers were Mr Kcrnot, M.L.A., the Rev. Mr Herlitz, and the Rev. Mr Heyer, the new pastor of the Lutheran Churcb. A collection was made amounting to about £40, w'licb, with the proceeds of the sale of tickets for the tea-meeting wdl nearly make the balance of £72 10s, which is required before the committee can get the £220 bonus from Government. Mr Richardson, M.L.A., was in the chair. The annual tea meeting in aid of the funds of the Bible "Woman Agency is to be held on Tuesday at the Mechanics' In stitute. * r We understand that Mr F, L. Smythe has been engaged as leading counsel for the complainants in the case of Barnett v. Reid. • • The anniversary of Court Duke of Edin burgh of the A. O. F. in East Bellarine, ■will he celebrated by a hall and dinner on the 2nd proximo, at the Farmers' Hotel. A numerous gathering is anticipated. An instance of juvenile depredation came under the notice of the magistrates at the Central Police Court yesterday, a boy about seven years old, named James O'Ma honey, being charged with stealing a parrot and cage, the property of one Thomas Richardson, of Autumn-street, Ashby. It was proved by ! the boy'-s own admission that he stole the bird, but in- consideration pf his youth the Bench discharged him, with a recommendation 50 the sub-inspector of police to acquaint the master of the school at which the lad attends with the circumstances. lVe have received numerous complaints with reference to the management of the refreshment rooms at the Geelong Terr minus. Travellers, for instance, requiring a glass of English ale are curtly informed that they must take a bottle; thirsty in dividuals wishing for ■' soda and a dash" are charged a shilling, or twice as mgch as at any other place. These remarks form the substance of the letters we have received. If the lessee of the refreshment room was a simple publican, we should not consider we had any right to make any remark. We trust he mend his ways. * Sportsmen will be glad to learn that ajipe are approaching Geelong, and that .erea already good sport may be obtained at East Bellarine. The first bird of the: .season was shot on Thursday by Air F. Willey on his own farnj. A second con signment was also received yesterday by Mr Gosling, from Camperdown. Heavy rain visited the Bellarine district ■ on Thursday evening, and the wind was, says our correspondent, terrific, The rain was vecy welcome. Those who wish to see some really good quoit plaj'ing should visit the Geelong quoit ground this afternoon, when Messrs Came ron and King will compete for the cham pionship. Of all the Government Industrial Schools in the colony none seems so well "conducted or kept so free from disease as the Geelong institution. For the past two years the sickness'among'the children has been essentially small, hut it is iidw' lesj than ever, there not being one of the in mates confined to bed, and out of the two hgndred and seventy-two children in the .school only one is unwell. This speaks volumes for iue management. The Chinaman, All Ling, charged with obtaining goods by'means df false pre tences from J. Daniel, ironmongery ofi Malpp-street, was again brought up Before i the Bench at the Central Police Court yes terday, when the magistrates discharged him on the ground that thp information was informal, haying been laid, beftpe tlje time given for credit had expired. ' This decision was given notwithstanding that it was thoroughly proved the accused ob tained the goods by means of fa}sg repre sentations. The Argus remarks—" Mr- Francis, in the Legislative Assembly last- evening, re ferred at some length to the paragraph which appeared in the Argus of Thursday, drawing attention to the fact that a large quantity vf £few Zealand gold helped to swell the import' and 'export1 returns (or 1868, and accounted to a great extent for the increase in trade apparently shown in the first seven months of the present year, as compared with the corresponding period of 1867, which Mr Francis on a former occasion had stated at £1,663,401. Mr Francis indirectly admitted that the Argus was correct; but he, at the same time, pro duced further official returns prepared by the Customs department, showing tint up to the 15th inst. the imports and exports of the colony from the 1st of January last amounted to £17,213,632, and those for the corresponding period in 1867 to £14,617,792; leaving a gross balance in 1868 of £2.595,840. The gross amount ot Ivew Zealand gold imported and ex ported amounted to £1,4I7,1S9, but of this £171,464 worth had been transhipped without passing through the Customs, leaving the net amount to be deducted from ! the total balance of £2,595,840, £1,245,725, or, in other words, reducing the balance in favour of the present year to £1,350,115. The country is still suffering from want of rain. Several times have the weather prophets foretold rain, only to disappoint those who placed faith in them. In some few localities we learn that almost a suffi ciency has fallen, but these favored spots are very few. Some young crops, especially about Melbourne, look (says the Be momist) very feeble and thin, and many paddocks are still brown, which were sown as early as the end of March; others, again, wear a more promising appearance, and should heavy showers tall occasionally, may yield an average crop. As a whole, our prospects of an average return of grain are tar from bright, and should another week .or two pass away without rain the farmers will have reason to be very anxious as to results. The .young grasses also are really suffering from the continued drought, and in, many cases will have to be sown over again; those who have a few tons of man golds on hand will not now regret the small .trouble taken last summer in securing them —the want of them just now, when the pastures are bare and without growth, ought to instigate dairymen and others to ' make every exertion ti cultivate as laige a breadth as possible of this most useful root. This is the time to sow mangolds, and, although the soil be dryj they may be put in without much fear of their not appearing quickly- after the first fall of rain; when once up they soon send their roots-out pf .harm's way, and are a much easier root to grow than many people imagine, particularly if the soil.be rich and has been pretty well worked. " : \ A correspondent writes to the Australa sian respecting Japan as a market for colo nial wine as follows" I observe by your late columns that a meat company in Mel bourne has received satisfactory returns of a shipment of their produce to Japan. Might not similar enterprise 'develop other sources of profit by shipping other things in the same direction ? say, for instance, wine. I see that Louis Xapoleon has lately arranged with some western neighbours of the Japanese (the Cochin Chinese) that the wines of France are to be received at three per cent; duty, and he has even stipulated for the sum to'be charged as licence-fee on the wine shops to be opened. I apprehend if cousin Jonathan were as near Japan as we are—with several ports now formally open in Japan to Franks—that the capabi lities of that market for many sorts ' of ' notions * would be vety soon be tested. We know that their religion—unlike Islam ism—does not preclude the use of wine by the Japanese. In fact, the vast population of the whole Eastern Archipelago—Japan alone, with its thirty millions—should re ceive the'attrition of the Australian colo nies, with their power of over-production of many commodities, wing to their, as yet, slender population." A correspondent writes to the Australa sian :—" Being about to cure some bacon and hams, I am desirous to try* the new preservative, bisulphate of lime. Can you, or any of your numerous readers, give me the necessary information or instructions how to use it, the quantity and quality required, to every say 50lb or 1001b of meat? Al-o, its price, and where to be ohtainert. and if it should be used in conjunction with salt or otherwise ? By replying to these questions in your next, you will greatly oblige E.B. Sandhurst, Aug. 17.—[In pickling meat, it is recoipmepded thai a quartof the concentrated bisulphite be added to each ten gallons of brine, -which may in that case be made half as strong as usual, with regard to salt. In dry-salting, the meat is said to take the .salt more readily if steeped for ten minutes7twelve hours before, in the preservative solution, made by the addition of half a gallon of the bisulphate to four gallons of water, in which a pint of common salt has been disolved. Medloch and Bailey's bisulphate of lime is to be had of their agents here at 7s a gallon In small quantities. En. Australasian'.] An extraordinary case of mistaken iden tity has occurred. About two months ago, a man was found dead" or dying in. the verandah of a house in Hptham. At the inquest subsequently held upon the body,' a number of persons'testified to its-being that of a man named Collard, some of the witnesses stating that they had known the deceased for a considerable period. A'ver dict of death from sanguineous apoplexy was returned, and the friends of the de ceased in England were written to, inform ing them of the event. The day before Thursday, the man Collard appeared in Hotham alive, and in his usual health, after some months' sojourn in the country. The terror of the female members of lit? house hold where he presented himself was ex treme, until he had satisfied them he was rerl flesh and blood, a.nd not a ghost. This seems to have been one of those curious instances of personal resemblance that are sometimes read about in novels or scennpon the stag , but which are generally regarded as existing only in the imagination of fertile story-writers, or ingenious dramatists. The case was reported to the police on Thursday, as it it of some importance for the genuine Collard to establish his identity, inasmuch as he has been in the receipt of an annuity, which of course will have been discontinued on the news of his supposed death. Mr John Grr, who forfeited his deposit money at the last general election for ICil more, says the Examiner, is a candidate for the representation of East Bourke. At first it was stated be was a Ministerial candidate, but as Mr Lobb, the Mayor of Brunswick (about whose Ministerial proclivities there is no doubt), has since appeared on the scene, it is possible Mr Orr will turn round to .the Constitutional side, )Vbcn Mr Orr first came to Kilmore he announced him self privately as the Ministerial candidate, Injt finding Mr Dwyer was tlic Ministerial candidate, he soon adapted himself to the altered circumstances of the case. It is a great pity Mr t)rr does not know which Side he is on; it would be a charity for some friend {p teli him. An irritable but not unreasonable corre spondent, residing in Collins-street, calls attention to the perpetual annoyance to which he is subjected by hawkers, who, he he says, come to his door about every quarter of of an hour during the day selling articles that by no chance he ever buys, and adding seriously to the duties of his .servants, who arc rendered as irritable as himsejf. IIc wants to know if the nuisance is not remediable. If it is not, he feels sure either that he will be driven insane, or hp must remove to Cooper's Creek or fome other remote locality, where hawkers are not. The late news from Gympie has stopped the rush from South Australia. A number of miners who had reached Port Adelaide froiii fort Lincoln, op their way to Queens land, on:Tiiesday of last week, and then heard the latest news, wisely i-esolyed to save their money, and'remained where they were. The following information respecting the value of the hair of Angora goats appears in the Australasian, elicited by a' corre spondent:—-"I "see by'your issue of the 15th iijst. that a Mr Rosenthal,1 qf Cape Town, has sent you a pamphlet upon, the Angora goat, stating that the experiment of breeding these animals at the Cape had been successful, and that first quality hair had been sold for Is 9d per lb in England. g»YW>S j«tf ft RUftU of three-quarter-bred nannies at a high tigure for the purpose of giving the rearing of these animals a thorough trial, I was some wba- alarmed at this statement, beine under the impression that the hair of the pure animal was worth at least 4s per lb. Perhaps some of your numerous readers have sent Angora hair produced in Aus tralia to England, and can inform me what itr is worth. Also where I can purchase some pure nannies, for I hear that your Acclimatisation Society no longer sells any." [No estimate ot the value of An gora goats' wool, or mohair, can be formed from the prices realised for that sent home from the Cape, as the flocks there arc not of pure blood. Samples of the wool of pure goats have been sent home from here, and valued at from 3s to 3s 6d per lb; hut returns have not yet been received by the Acclimatisation Society for the fleeces of flocks sent home last season. These fleeces averaged 4lb each, and only lost 41b in the washing. The society has not'sold any nannies yet, but is likely to sell a few lots soon, together with the surplus bucks Em Australasian.] The following agricultural and live stock statistics of South Australia, are furnished to the 31st of March last:—The total area of land alienated from the Crown amounted on the 31st December last, to 3,568,742 acres, or 20*7 acres for each individual of the population—144,021 acres having been added during the past year. Nearly two thirds of the purchased land is in the occupation of the holders of the fee-simple. The greater number of farms are from inn, to 200 acres in extent—and the average' area is 137 acres. The total area of culti vated land is 810,734 acres, ait increase of 10 per cent on the previous-'year. The area under wheat was 550,450 acres, or 20 per cent more than the previous year. In the two seasons the cultivation of this cereal has increased one-third, and now amounts to 3 l-5th acres for each indi vidual of the population. So much as 08 per cent of the cultivated land was under wheat, and the statistician observes " that the whole agricultural population, and with them, to a less extent, the general interests of the community, are dependent upon the successful cultivation of one description of grain." The year's crop suffered greatly from red rust, and many thousands of acres of splendid growth so far as the straw was concerned, were found not to he worth reaping, the cars being empty or containing but a few shrivelled grains and dust. • Out of 550,456 . acres sown, only 494,740 were harvested, and some crops were reaped that yielded only two bushels to the acre. The total produce reaped was 2.579,894 bushels as against 6,561,451 bushels in the previous year, and the average produce upon the whole area sown was only 4 bushels 40lb to the acre as against. 14: bushels 20lb in' the previous. year. Upon the reaped acreage'the average yield was 5 bushels 121b. Of the wheat harvested one-half was in good marketable condition; one-third was of a middling character, and the remainder inferior. The hay crop was 4cwt per acre' less than in the 1 previous year, but 5cwt greater than ia 1855-6. More land was sown with barley and oats, during. the year, but the yield of both was deficient, being 6 bushels per acre less than in 1866-7. The average yield of barley was 13 bushels 491b, and of oats 16 bushels 71b. The total quantity of barley reaped was-193,341 bushels, and of oat3 78,554. - An increased area was sown with peas, the produce being 36,381 bushels,- or 10 bushels 32lb per acre. The potato crop amounted to 6538 tons, or 48cwt per acre. Orchards and gardens show an increased area, but vineyards a slight decrease. The area now under vines is 6209 acres, with 5,869,406 vines in bearing, and 1,022,740 unproductive. The quantity of wine made was 863,584 gallons, or 128,601 more than in 1S66-7. In live stock the returns show an increase of over half a million of sheep, while a previous rapid decrease in the number of cattle was found to have all but ceased. The stock in the colony is as fol lows:—Sheep, 4,477,445; horned cattle, 120,200; horses, 74,228; pigs, 89,304; and poultry of allkinds, 411,314. " As an evidence of the encouragement which has been given to our local manu facturers by a protective tariff," remarks the Ballarat Courier, "we have had the. pleasure of inspecting, on the premises «?' Mr A. H. King, of Bridge- street, a vety nicely finished steam engine of one and a ' half horse power, manufactured by Mr Jas. Ivey, of the Miners' Foundry. For driving chaffcutters, sausage machines, See., engines of this description would be found most useful, and can be erected at a very moderate cost. We also noticed several other local manufacturers at the, same establishment whieh reflect credit alike upon the enterprise of the manufacturer and the policy which fosters and en courage such valuable industries." The .following useful information is sup lied by the Economist:—" Those who arc troubled with sorrel and other corn robbers in shape of weeds, will be glad to learn that gas lime is now satisfactorily proved as the greatest enemy to such pests, and ultimately an almost complete renovator of those lands which have been so wholly monopolised by them. "We have had corroborative evi dence that this hitherto almost neglected material, has this past season or two proved most effective in thoroughly ridding the soil of sorrel, when used under certain con ditions and with a certain degree of judg ment. One report in our hands states that, the gas lime after lying spread upon a thick mat of sorrel, entirely destroyed the latter, and in a short month maize and sor ghum were sown, not only without danger, hut with the greatest success. By way of experiment, sorghum was sown every seventh day after the gas-lime was used; grain was completely destroyed after the first and second sowing, and the plants were partially killed at the third attempt, hntthe fourth sowing was a most complete success, and in none of the four plots can scarcely a piece of live sorrel be found. The land in question had at the rate of six loads or tons of the lime per acre spread upon it, and then ploughed ; the caustic properties in connection with the powerful ammonia, quickly took effect, but apparently were as speedily quiescent as far as the destroying principles were concerned; but as soon as the causticity and ammonia were ineffective as destructive agents, the base, or the lime itself, acted most beneficially as a manure. Not only to the paddock may this gas-lime be profitably applied, hut we have the authority of one ot our principal seedsmen (Law, Somner and Co.) to.assert thati member of the firm used it most success fully to his own rhubarb bed last season, as well as to other kitchen garden crops. When guano is so high, and other effective manures arc so difficult to procure, the occupiers of small areas' near Melbourne will" be most culpable in not testing the hitherto hidden virtues qf the material in question, particularly as wc understand that a load is charged for at the really nominal rate pf two shillings,'' The following piece of composition and spelling, exhibiting the capacity of a young Aboriginal at the Lbenezer Mission Station on the Winmiera, may he applied as a test to the propriety of " Total Abstinence," as advocated by teetotallers1" We may hare too math of a thin if do not no how to you sate well, the baby likes sager hut if it got as mashc sager as it wood wash to have it wood sick so it is bader for the baby that it can it not have as mashc sager has it like. Pixham (aboi,t q. yearanda half at school)." Will's teetotaller argue;-^or rather, can he in reason, for he tcill argue anything,—that the " baby," because it eats too much sugar at times, it and all other babies should have none at all ? So it is with wine; if some will take too much, arc others to be com pelled to take none at all ? We (M. A. Mail) have been shown an egg which was laid by a heri of the Polish and gpanish breed. Its greatest meanire ment is Sjin; around the deiitral portion", GAin ; and its weight is 3Aoz. Mr Nichollsj who owns this large cgg- producing' ■henj informs us that she lays generally 5 eggs weekly, three of which are about the spine size as: that ghptyn, the pthep riyo pfj smaller size, being about that of a common large egg. A correspondent asks the Australasian for information respecting the fowls called Bqu&ws;? and whether tuihet is good feed for poultry:—" Seeing by your report o'" . the poultry show in Melbourne that the Houdan fowls are now in private people's collection, would you recommend them to be kept on a large scale for laying purposes? If so, where could they be purchased, and their price ? Is the American broom corn (millet-seed) good feed for poultry ? or dt you consider wheat and maize better ? By answering the above, you will oblige A.n Ignorant Farmer's Yfin:. [The llou lans are now said to be one of the best breeds we have for general purposes. The other part of the question we answered last week. Broom corn seed ought to be good food for fowls, hut not having had any experience with it we cannot say of what value it is in comparison with the better known kinds of grain.—En.]" 