MELTON, (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT,) THERE is a movement here just now to endeavour to get two magistrates. A requisition has been presented to Mr. Porter to call a public meeting to consider who are the most eligible persons to urge on the attention of the honourable the Mini- ster of Justice, Messrs. S. T. Staughton, Tulloh and Ferris, are spoken of as deemed eligible for the office by some of the residents; for myself I doubt if the present Ministry will place Mr. Staughton in the Commission of the Peace, as it is a notorious fact that he is a firm opponent of the present Government; as for the others, I do not know what to say ; certainly political grounds would hardly operate in either case--whatever their views are they keep them pretty much to themselves. I cannot pretend to know what the ideas of the major part of the people in Victoria may be in the matter of appointing magistrates though for myself I may confess that it appears to me to be rather an unusual course for the people to nominate their own magistrates, though it can scarcely be regarded as inconsistent for the " sovereign people" (and in a democracy there is and can be no other sovereign) to appoint its own magistrates along with its other public function- aries and magnates. This may he all right, or it may not, and verily for myself I venture to belong to that portion of the people which inclines to the latter opinion, and would prefer to leave the ap- pointment of all magistrates to the Minister of Justice for the time being. So far as I can learn this movement owes its origin (or perhaps I should say revival) to Mr. John Corr, the master of the Mount Cotterill School, who finds it more than a joke to make the statutory declaration required for his school returns. Melton, where there is a police court every second Tuesday, being six miles from his school; there he may always find Mr. Shuter, if neither of our two resident magistrates are present. Talking, or rather writing of Mr. John Corr and his school, reminds me that there is to be a new school started in this neighbourhood, to be called the New Cambridge School; the locale is amongst the free selectors on the Melton area, late the Melton Common. Mr. Corr, junior, I hear, is to commence "teaching the young idea," on his own account, having been appointed the first head master of the New Cambridge School. I am at a loss to account for the name; surely no one who has visited both places can see even the ghost of a resemblance behtwen Cambridge and the Melton area, However, " what's in a name !" The school is much wanted, and with a good teacher cannot fail to result in the common good, at which so many of the Victorians profess to be aiming, and by what divers routes, as witness the Mlinisterial. ists and the Constitutionalist. Bah ! I am sick of politics. "Of course you are," say some of my "friends," "Johnston did not get in, after all you did for him at Melton." Well, what of that; many a good man has been thwarted in his en- deavours to serve his country, by those who are not a whit better than he. "'The end is not now; nous verrons. However, I wish the New Cambridge School and its first masster heartily God speed. 