FUNERAL OF THE VENERABLE ARCH DEACON HUNTER. The funeral of this generally respected gentleman, the last of the English Soman Catholic clergy who came out to the colony with the late Bishop Willson, took place yesterday. We have already noticed the death of the venerable clergyman. According to previous arrangement the corpse was removed early yesterday morning to St Joseph's ! Church, of which he had been one of the prieW At eight o'clock, the coffin having been placed ^ the Church laid out in state with lighted candles, the usual office for the dead was repeated At this time the Church was crowded with the many mourners and friends of the deceased. The Church ! was draped in black, and the officiating clergymen, were all in mourning habiliments. At 9 o'clock the High Mass commenced, and the magnificent Mass of "Gregorian Requiem," was celebrated The officiating clergy were, the most Keverend Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Hobart Town, Celebrant; the Rev. J. Dunne, Vicar-General; Assistant Priests: The Rev. D. F. Bechinor, A.M., Rev. P. Hennesby. Deacon, The Eev. C. Wood* acted as Master of Ceremonies. The clergy officiating during the subsequent services were as follow :—The Bishop, the Vicar- General, Bev. C. Woods of St. Joseph's Church, Hobart Town; Rev. E. C. Marum, Jerusalem; Rev. M. Keohan, Oatlands; Rev. J. Murphy, Franklin; Rev. J. McKernan, Port Cygnet; Rev. M. J. Bechinoir, Campbell Town; Rev. J. Butler, of St. Mary's Cathedral. The choir was conducted by the Rev. Joseph SheehyofSt. Mary's Cathedral, the organist accompaniment being played by Mr. F. A. Packer. We have before said that the music was that of a splendid production known by the name of "Gregorian Requiem," which was beautifully and solemnly rendered. The singers were Messrs. S. Sheehy, J. O'Boyle, J. H. Melvyn, Linly Norman, assisted by the leader Father Sheeby, and a number of female voices. The Church was draped in black, and the clergy were all in mourning habiliments, many of the congregation being also in mourning attire. The bulk of the congregation consisted of ladies and the youthful part of our population. Outside the Church thousands of people were congregated, and at the funeral of the lamented Dr. Hall, Vicar-General, there was not a larger attendance. After the beautiful Mass for the dead had been celebrated, Bishop Murphy with the attendant priests and acolytes marched in procession round the coffin of the deceased, and incensed the coffin, repeating tbe appropriate prayers for the dead of the Church of Rome. Bishop Murphy then approached the head of the coffin, and delivered a panegyric sermon on the deceased, of which the following is only a summary, as it was impossible from the noise outside to catch every word the Eev. Prelate uttered. He said that it was a holy and wholesome thought to think occasionally of the grave. It was only yesterday that they had assembled in prayer to commit the souls of all faithful departed to the care of the saints, and many had at that time offered up the most fervent prayers fer the late Rev. Archdeacon Hunter. He felt assured and proud on seeing the large assembly there to-day, to do honour to the memory of the best ]arid most energetic priest that had resided amongst them. It was sufficient to wash away any stain, if such had for one moment rested on bis memory. He was a staunch and good priest. It •was impossible to seethe ways of inscrutable Providence, but it had pleased, the Giver of all good, to take away one of the best of men in the flower of his age, when his utility was of the greatest, by consequence of his mature experience, on which all could rely; and which had secured him the lasting esteem of alL The loss to the community was general. ' It was not merely sectarian. And all had met that day to mourn the loss. He had been active and independent member cf the church, making every effort to Teclaim the wicked, comfort the .sick and needy, and assisting the poor to the uttermost of his means. He had been a wise and prudent councillor to himself (the Bishop), and in whom he had always the greatest confidence. He had in fact, without exception been a model ] niest, in all his life. He had always been respectful to his superiors, punctual in the discharge of those duties which devolved upon him ; to the poor he was always compassionate, and bis heart had' always been tempered with a true charity to those outside his own church. To the orphan he had always proved himself a true and reliable friend, especially to the orphans in the New Town Asylum, to whom he was guardian, and after whose welfare his attention was unflagging, . whether in the Orphan Asylum or after they ha<l gone into the world to seek their own living. He never missed to visit them. The Reverend Bishop especially dwelt on the great interest the deceased had. always shewn towards the children of the Orphan Schools, which had been especially under bis charge as guardian, and also to the great interest he had taken some years ago in the prisoner population of the jails, &a;, and continued, saying that the Catholic Church had lost a good man and good priest, and a faithful inculcator of her principles, and that a lustre would attach to his name for generations to come, as their venerated Archdeacon. The Bishop proceeded to give the following sketch of the deceased's history: he was, he said, born at Nottingham, England, on the91«t September, 1S25, md his early education was received at Sedgley Park School in Staffordshire, where he spent several years. On the appointment (of the late Bishop Wifison to the Diocese of Hobart Town, Mr. Hunter expressed a wish to accompany him. being at the time only eighteen years of age. He did so, and' came here in 1844, with the Bishop, Fathers Hall, Bond, Livermore, &c.; He then recommenced liis studies to the church, under Father Cotham, and was appointed catechist under the government, and ordained onthe 30th March, 1850. In October, 1S52, he was appointed chaplain to the Orphan Asylum at New JTown, and has since 1860 been one of its guardians. He was associated with the lamented late Dr. Hall, in the charge of St Joseph's Church. The Bishop continued at some length to remark on the devotedness of the deceased to his multifarious duties, in which he had endeared himself to all, by his unsectarian discharge of them, and his universal charities. He said that in May last the health of the deceased failed from the severe duties, which had tried an otherwise strong constitution, and that after visiting Melbourne, where he received the best advice, and was encircled with the kindest friends, he found himself compelled to return. A little time ago, he thought he was better, and expressed a hope that he would be able to officiateflon All Saints' Day, flast Sunday, but he was then no more. He would mention that although for the last day before his deoease, he could not recognise any of his friends, yet at the last moment, in articido. mortis, he opened his eyes and said, 'Glory be to God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost,' leaving the impression on the minds of those around that his soul at the last moment was in communion with his God, and that his soul would shortly enter into the number of the just After some further comments on the meritorious character of the deceased he said that the best tribute the assembled mourners could pay the memory of the deceased was to follow so good and admirable example of a pious and just life presented to them by him, and so that they then might live where sorrow existed not, and happiness should reign supreme. At the conclusion of the address, the Clergy left the Church, and the undertaker, Mr. J. McLougfc Jin, formed the procession outside, with the assistance of the attendants of the Church. The procession consisted, first of the children of the Orphan Schools at New Town to the number of 250, then about 100 Sunday school children followed by 80 young girls of the St. Joseph's schools in white dresses and black crape veils; these were followed by I1G girls of the Sunday schools in white dresses and white cowls. The undertaker next, and following him were the priests and acolytes, the priests bearing thu Cross, and lighted lamps. Then came tbe Bishop of Hobart Town in a carriage accompanied by the Vicar-General. These were followed by the body of the deceased, in a triple coffin, the first of lead, the last of polished cedar. On each side of the coffin the priests in town acted as pall bearers, and on each side twelve yonng ladies in white. The chief mourner was Mr. Henry Hunter, the brother of the deceased e'ergyman. The procession was followed by 200 mourners, amongst whom were many of our leading citizens, amongst them His Worship the Mayor, the Eevds. Archdeacon Davies, F. H. Cor, Davenport, Hudspeth, _ and Green; also, . Mr. Commissioner Browne, , > Mr. Fitzgerald, Mr. Propstring and . . , , . ! P r0 , ceS81011 wa f accompanied by an immense ] of persons of all classes along Hamngtonstreet, turning up Bathurst-street to the Roman F^T? f ou ° d ' the corpse toitslastreshng plae^ uath the usual cere persed. m ° lues . and the vast multitude slowly di»- 