Uistrilaiifoiis. NOaAH'S BEMONSTBANCE. " Now. Terence, liave done wid yer tuisiQg, Do you be aifly, and let me alone; It'fi the skin from me fingers ye're Hqurueing, Sure you think they're as hard as yer own. " I'm worried to death wid yer prating. And frightened clane out of me life; So pray don't be idly consaiting You'll never catch me for a wife. .' What is it y« say?-that I'm joking That you won't budge an inch from ine side ? Indade, now, ye're mighty provoking, And I don't know which way to decide. " I'm just like a bird that the fowler. Is coaxing down into his snare ; Och. Terence I' ye sly, schamin' prowler, Ye're hunting me lips, I declare I " Leave off, BII I how dare ye to do it ? 1 Buppnse as ye will have yer way. I'd better, (but mind nie, ye'II rue il l) Please yer wbim by jest naming the da?. " Don't thiuk it's for love I'm consenting Och. murther I ye're stopping me breath But only in hopes of preventing Meself from being bothered to death I" A SOMERSETSHIRE "GHOST" STORY -The haunted bouse at Muchelney is one of those extraordinary cases which puzzle the scientific, furnish food to the superstitious, and excite the Bneers of the supercilious and would-be know, ing. The farm-houBo, an old substantial; one, stands alone at the entrance to the village of Muchelney., about three miles from Langport, Its only osoupants are Mr. Traves, his house keeper, and a young servant girl. Soon after Christmas last a slight shock of an earthquake as supposed, was felt in the neighborhood, and since then the farm-house has been the scene of noises and "manifestations." The most common form is noises resembling at first tile running of fingers over a bollow partition, or as if passing rapidly upstairs, and always ending abruptly with a kind of discharge as loud as that of a rifle, but with no reverbera tion whatever-merely a dead thud-often followed successively, kept up at intervals for days together, and then. becoming silent for weeks. For some time the tin cover of a cop per in the kitchen was wont to be thrown vio lently off upon the floor, and the .bells about the house to be sent ringing. Bat these are at present quiet, and the newest manifestation is in one of the passages, where a clock stands, with a table near, against a wall, and over it some brindle bits hung upon Mils.. About a fortnight since, daring Mr. Traves'g absenoe iu the bay-field, the housekeeper and servants were terribly alarmed by the table being sud denly turned violently upside. down, and the bits thrown off the nails upon which they were bung. The females immediately summoned Mr. Travel, who came in. and expressing his determination to judge for himself, took aeeat near the table and watched. He h»d not been seated five minutes era the table was again suddenly dragged, as it were along the floor, and dashed down. We plainly saw the break age whteh resulted, and heard the story from Mr. Traves's own mouth. It was only one of several stories of an eqoslly startling nature. The mysterious part is that the walls are en tirely unshaken, and the floors undisturbed, Pulman'i Weekly,flail, GOBI HI Arsis AMD AMBMODI BLWHT. Those of «ur readers who have gardens will, we are sure, hail with delight anything that appears to bean effectual cur* for the blight that proves so destructive to cabbage and other plants. Buch a remedy seems to have bepn bund by Mr. Shilling, of St Andrew street, to this town.and that gentleman,having proved the effieaoy of bis remedy, is desirous thU others besides hlmsolf should participate In its benefits. The-plan adopted by Mr. Shil ling is simply this!-be takes a small handful of capsicums or chillies, and boils them in water to as to make a strong decoction; the liquid] so produced is, when ooifi), applie^ to ttie plants wherever the insects are »>-ti, bji Bears of ajoftbrnsh. Tie effect# a» jfii&Jk; ?ollous . the aphis is Immediately killed, and does not agsln attack that part of the plant to which the liqonr his been onca^applisd. The iiseists may perhaps make their appearance on the young leaves as.they grow, but * touch of the liquid trill be found effectual for their den struction at onee. One of tho chief advantages of this remedy Is to be found in the fact that there is nothing nauseous or noxious iu the mixture used, nor does it injure the plant, as is the case with some of the so-called cares for .phis, for the plants in Mr. Shilling's garden, which have undergone this treatment, are as hearty and thriving as need be. Mr. 'Shilling has found the capsicum liqonr to be also a euro for the apple blight.-Afai(!an & Mtreury. " TBC Surras."-The following appears in the columns of an exchange.-"John Smith -plain John Smith*-is not rery high sound ing; it.does not suggesVaristocraey; itdsnot. the name of any hero in die away novels, and yet it is good, strong and honest. Transferred to eithet language it seems to climb the ladder of respectability. Thus-in . Latin, it is Johanne Smltbus; the Italian smoothes it off into Giovanni Smith j tbe Spaniards render it Jaun Smlthus; the Dutchman adopts it as Hans Schmidt; the French flatten it out to Jean Bmeets; and the Buisian sneezes and barks Janloff Smitswski, When John Smith gets into the tea trade at Canton, he becomes Jahon Stiimmit; if he clambers about Ubunt Hecla, the Icelanders say be is Jahne Smith snn; if he tndes among the Tnscaroras, be becomes Tea Qua Bmltth. In Poland be is known as. Ivan Bchmtttiwelskiss j should he wander among tbe Welsh mountains they talk of Jihou Schmidd; when he gets to Mexico be is booked as Jontli F'Smitrl f if of elasBio turn he lingers among Greek ruins, turns to 'Ion Smifctoo; Sod in Turkey be is utterly disguised as YoeSect" Dr. fiobert Sullivan, late of the Irish National Board, who died some days ago in Dublin, and whose property was the fruit of the sale of school-books which he compiled for the Oommissioners, by his will has left £1000 to the Queen's Colleges for the endow ment of Sullivan Scholarships, and several thousand pounds to national schools at Holy wood, near Belfast, his native place. Dr. Sullivan was a sealous and an effiolent admin istrator ol the " mixed system" of education in Ireland. While a regiment of New Jersey cavalry, aimed and uniformed something like the French Chasseurs, was lately passing through Washington with Buraside's army, t member of Congress hailed one and inquired-" Etes vous FranoalsT" Tbe soldier looked at him fiercely, and burst out angrily-"None of your Dutoh to ns, sf ye plsse; we're »U Frinchmin-Flinch Chuseiv, de ye- mind, an* we'd like weel to get a dhrep o' wiskey, if ye have any about ye." AN OLD METHODIST PUEACHEB.-Tbe Sir. minjiham Qatette, in speaking of the late Kuv. William N'sylor,of Wedue&bury;, says:-He was the oldest Methodist preacher in the world. He began to preach as a layman in 1799; be entered on the ministry in 1802. When be began WeBley's death was a lecent event-aa recent as that of Joho Angell James. Dr. Bunting and Dr. Newton were young men not yet ordained. Dr, Ooke con tinued bin visits to America, and many names historic in Methodism were unknown. For 66 years Mr. Naylor travelled up and down the country, residing ID Edinburgh, London. Liverpool, York, Manchester, Birmingham and other places, The long and varied life of Mr. Naylor made him familiar with the careers of many public men. Once he was asked to pre side at a cottage prayer meeting, where a young and skillful mechanic was to take leave of bis friends, and where they were to pray for his tuture. The youog mechanic was George Stephenson, A Bickly child was sent for health from borne, and every week Mr. Naylor visited " little Willie." " Little Willie" became the late Sir William Atherton Attorney-General. He was accustomed to visit a farm-house, where a quiet intelligent lad took charge of bis horse. " Bob" and the preacher became friends. Tears after tbey met at Bristol, when the boy had become the Bev. Robert Young. President of the Wes leyan Conference. At a country metbodist missionary meeting in 18S2, Mr. Naylor was associated oo the platform with a handsome dashing, clever young mag, who spoke effec tively in bebklf of Wesleyan missions. That young man Is new Premier. Imaging, the Hon. Benjamin Disraeli at a Methodist meet ing I But he is versatile enough for anything. Mr. Naylor was one of the founders of the Wesleyan Missionary Society. He lived to preach one of its Jubilee sermons. TEE BOSSUN STOMACH.-Bat the BussUn stomach is constructed upon some physio logical principles unknown to the rest of man kind-perhaps lined with gntta percha and rivetted to ^diaphragm of sheet iron, Grease and scalding hot tea; quaes and cabbage aonp; raw cucumbercold fish ; lumps of ice; decayed cheese and black bread; sacra to have DO other effeot upon it than to provoke an appetite. In warm weather it is so abso lutely marvellous to see the quantities of fiery hot liquids these people pour down their throats. Just cast your eye upon that bearded giant in the corner, with, his hissing, nrn of tea before him, his batvina, and his shtshie. What a spectacle of physical enjoyment His throat la bare; his face a glowing car buncle, bis body a monstrous caldron, seething and dripping with overflowing juices. 8hede of Hebu; bow he swills the tea-bow glass after glass tb« steaming hot liquid flows into his capacious maw, and diffuses itself over his entire per*on. It oozes from every pore of his akin.; drops in globules from his forehead; smokes tbrongb his shirt; makes n piebald ohart of MM and islands over his back; streams down and simmers in his boots?' He Is saturated with tea, inside and out-a living sponge overflowing at every pore. Yon might wring bim out and. there would (till be a heavy balance left in bim. It is stated that petrolium oil possesses the highest efficacy as a destroyer of all kinds of insects injurious to plants or animals, and the less purified, and consequently, the cheaper it is the better. Xhirty,parts should be mixed with iOOOof water, and applied where required. Tbe Medical Timet states that vermin of houses may be destroyed by introducing into the holes or. conks a few drops of petroleum. Heber 0. Kimball, the distinguished mint and second president of tbe Mormon Cbnrch, died at Bait take City, Utah,on, Suniay last. He was a native-of Vermont, in which State he was born on the 14th of June, )80l. In lBtabe became a convert to Mormoniiin, and followed the fortunes of. Joseph. Smith, tbe " prophet," with marked- fidelity. He eoon Attained to high position, #nd waasentto Sag land on the first mission. Here he met with considerable suooeas, making many converts, and influencing them to emigrate to the United States. After holding, various positions in the " Ohuroh," be evSntnaliybeoanie one of. its three presidents, Brightm, Young and D. H. Wells being tbe other two.1 We Must not omit to his Wives and children numbering, at last fee counts, sixty persons.-Hem York Mtrali. Lieutenant-Governor Donn, the negro Presi dent of. the Louisiana Senate, was regularly Inducted into offioe by the Louisiana Legisla ture on August IS. &e; made a speech in which he disclaimed any desire for social equality on the part of his race, and hinted rather strongly that the negroes generally considered themselves above association with the " white trash." The . Moniteur'. looks upon the closing of. the Buropeab Parliaments as in every way favorable to the peace of the worldt "Most of the Legislative Assemblies," says this official organ, " have brought their sessions to an end. No question of an.Irritating nature faks arisen with regard to foreign politios. Public opinion ba« everywhere pronounced in favor of moderate Ideas, and St has given its support to the governments in the pacifio dispositions which are tbe object of their mutual dbsires." The oity where the " biggest things in the world are done" is likely ere long to be sup plied with an electrical maohine by which tbe gas lamps throughout it may lie lighted simul taneously. The cost for applying suoh an apparatus to New York has been estimated s the price given is 88,000 dols. This money would (if the machinery answered) be saved in labor, &c.;, in one year. FEOOB.-" A frog,' says Professor Bump, "is an amphibious animal, what lickers on cold water, and consequently invented tbe teetotal society. Ha always walks with a jump, he does ; and when he sits down has to stand up. Being a lover of native melodies he gives free conoerts every night, be does himself. He perwides musis far the million, which has been so called beoause it usually is heard in a mill-pond. He is a warmint what ain't se bad when boiled un a gridiron.'' EoUoaag'k Filli,-Nervousness and want of energy.-When first the nerves feel nnstrung, and liatlessness supplants energy, it is the right time to take some alterative, as Hollo way'a Pills, to pievent disorder running into disease. These exoellent Fills correct all irre ularities and weaknesses. They act so indly, yet so energetically, on the functions of digestion and assimilation, that the whole body is revives, the blood iB rendered richer and purer, tbe musoles become firmer and stronger, and the nervous and absorbent sys tems are invigorated. These Pills are suitable for all classes and all ages. They have a most marvellous effect on persons who are "out of conditiontbey soon reotify whatever is in fault, restore strength to the body, and confi dence to the mind.-[ADVT.] 