DIOCESAN SYNOD. , The Synod of the Church of England opened its annual session on Monday, May 18. At half-past 11 o'clock in the morning the mem bers met at Trinity Church, where His Lord ship the Bishop, 12 clergy men, and lSlaymen, re ceived the Holy Communion. This concluded, His Lordship the Bishop delivered his pastoral address, as follows :— "Bev.- and Dear Brethren—The subjects which invite attention at this our annual Synod of the Diocese naturally arrange themselves into two classes—those which concern the spirit and essence of religion, and such , as relate to the organization or work of the Church as a whole, or in its several parts—National, Pro vincial, Diocesan, and Congregational. . Here, after the service in which we have engaged, I would confine my remarks to the former class, reserving ecclesiastical matters to our business meeting in another place. "During the interval which has occurred since I I last addressed you in Synod the principal subjects which have occupied the minds of Churchmen in relation to Spiritual Keligion, j are Neologian Rationalism in Science and ! Biblical Criticsm, Ritualism, Doctrinal, and Esthetic; and, finally, outward manifestation of fellowship in the Gospel which led to the Lambeth Conference of Bishops of the Angli can portion of. the.Universal Church. " I fipd less uneasiness prevailing in regard to the progress of scientific enquiry (whether in geology, ethnology, the languages of the world, or Biblical criticism). A closer study of the text of Scripture has in many cases modified or corrected traditionary ideas of sacred history and theological interpretations. Supposed dif ficulties have been removed, and the conviction strengthened that as the Scriptures which fur nish the inspired rule of spiritual life, and the order of nature proceeded from the same divine wisdom, they cannot be at variance. Theolo gians, therefore, as well as men of science, are content to wait for maturer knowledge, based upon accumulated observations, instead of pro pounding or confuting cosmical theories on insufficient data. On the other hand, the ex quisite adaptations of organised creatures to the material world around them, as well as the pro gressive genesis and laws of that world, have been so traced out in the earth beneath our feet, as well as the heavens above us, that on the plainest evidences of intention and will, which are the attributes of a Personal Being (not a mere plastic force), it is irresistibly con cluded that he must be fool indeed who says, even in his heart, ' there is no God.' And mira cles, as the proper evidences of personal commu nication from the Author of Nature to his intelli gent creatures, come to appear- as natural and reasonable, as the sequence of natural events, which they interrupt; for in no other way could the Ruler of the Universe manifest His presence, or declare His will so unmistakeably for the instruction or correction of mankind. "Worship, therefore, that is, ' prayer and suppli cation, with thanksgiving,' follow in due order, as the reasonable service, of man to his Maker. Theology thus owes its obligations to science, not as discovering truths taught us by the inspired Word of God, but by supplying evidences from the material world in accordance with those teachings. . " If the aspect of scientific enquiry has become less antagonistic to revealed religion, neither has ethnology, nor the study, of languages, nor geographical exploration, nor antiquarian research in Egypt, Asia, or Europe done more than contribute facts confirmatory of the recent appearance and history of man upon this earth. " It may well, then, excite the shame and regret of Churchmen that no legal tribunal has yet been found to try one whom his compro vincial Bishops and the Pan-Anglican Episco pate, as well as Presbyters in their several con vocations, have charged with fatal heresy, and with teaching contrary to..the formularies of the Church of which he professes to be a Bishop. " Much as may be urged in favor of the great principle laid down by Gamaliel in the Sanhe drim—' Now I say unto you, refrain from these men, and let lihem alone; for if this counsel or work be of men it will come to nought; but if it bri of God ye cannot overthrow it.' Yet to what end is the Civil Magistrate' acknowledged by members of the Church of England to have theprerogative of ruling the State Ecclesia3t:cal as well as temporal, if a chief pastor consecrated on the nomination of the Crown may with im punity teach doctrines aUeged to be contrary to the truth of Holy Scripture, and wound the consciences of weaker brethren ? Such is the spectacle afforded to the world of a legal but effete supremacy as regards some of the colonial Churches. "The heresy which asserts, in teeth of 284 direct devotional addresses or ascriptions of glory in the Book of Common Prayer and Offices to our Lord Jesus Christy 'that the whole spirit and" the general practice of our Liturgy manifestly tend to discourage such wor ship and prayer,' and denies that it is ' based on any Scriptural or Apostolical authority/ might surely claim some remedial legislation, if need were, to establish a legal tribunal for its trial, " Contrasted, however, with this indifference, we cannot but remark the outburst of feeling which has shown itself both in and out of Par liament against certain ritualistic innovations. " Having watched the progress of this revival of forms apparently obsolete, I have endeavored to discover the principles on which its advocates rest their case,, and I sha'l now lay before you as succinctly as I can the grounds on which, in my humble judgment, the Ritualistic clergy have neither law nor Scripture on their side. '' Let me remark, in the first place, that there are two principles which underlie this revival of a more ornate ritual. One is the 'sense of beauty,'and its elevating effect on the human mind; the other a mystic doctrine in relation to the ■Eucharist. The former appeals to the Hebrew ritual and the splendid garments of the Aaronic priesthood, well suited, no doubt, to a sensuous people and a semi-idolatrous age; but with more earnest minds Ritualism is only valued as it symbolises and teaches implicity certain dogmatic views. " With regard to the former principle, while we all unite in' deprecating that which is mean and slovenly in the structure or service of the sanctuary, yet I believe the sober devotional spirit of the Anglican worshipper is well satisfied with the simple but dignified forms and vest ments which have now been in use from the reigns of Edward YI. and Elizabeth; a more scenic service detracts from rather than en hances the worship of the spirit and the under standing. "I pass therefore to doctrinal Ritualism, which is really the object at present of legal or legislative consideration. It is designed, then, to represent, the ministering Presbyter in the character of a sacrificing priest; not. offer ing with his people ' the sacrifice of praise to God, that is the fruit of'their lips, giving thanks to His name;' but offering for them to Father Christ crucified on their behalf. (Hebrews xiii. 15.) It claims for the minister ing priest that he represents on earth the Great High Priest in Heaven, who by one sacrifice perfected for ever them that are being sanctified. That sacrifice He indeed ever ' pre sents' before ;the throne of giace; but the Ritualist, not content to 'commemorate,' 'plead' and ' appropriate' its ' innumerable benefits,' deems himself to 'present' and 'offer' that sacrifice at the Lord's altar-table on behalf of his people militant upon earth. He intends, indeed, no repetition of the one sacrifice at Cal vary, but still he claims to 'offer' rather than ' commemorate' Christ's precious death on the cross. He intrudes himself, therefore, as a necessary mediator betwixt Christ and his worshippers at the Lord's table. That Ordi nance is no longer solely or chiefly the com munion of the body and blood of Christ; but becomes a propitiatory oblation on the Lord's a"The train of reasoning which leads the Ritualists to this conclusion is based on the literal interpretation of 'This is my body and this is my blood.' It is asserted that by neces sary concomitance, where the. body is or the blood of Christ, there His whole Person, as God -and Man, 'never to be divided' is present also. He"is to be adored, therefore, 'under the figures of bread and wine,' arid as being trnly present wi(th his body broken, and blood poured out, he is truly 'offered' along with them. _ . _ " This doctrine requires us to believe that m the 'bread' which our Lord brake and gave to His Apostles at the last supper, and in the fiuit of the vine which He bade them drink, He gave Himself, with His own hands, as the whole God-man, to be a sacrifice for, as well as the food of, their souls. , , ri • ,, '' The • Anglican doctrine, as stated m the Homily, concerning the Sacrament is not so. It is that there is ' no untrue figure of a thing absent'—that the 'inward part or thing signi fied' by the outward element, that is, 'the body and the blood of Christ,' are, as the 28th Article expresses it, 'given, taken, and eaten in the Supper, only after a heavenly and spiritual manner.' [' It is well known,' saith Cyprian (the Homily goes on), ' that the meat we seek for in the Supper is spiritual food, a ghostly substance, not carnal.') This is that ' discern ing' of the Lord's body of which St. Paul speaks; and, as the wise Hooker explains it, the Eucharist conveys to the faithful recipient 'all such saving grace as Christ's sacrificed body can yield,' and this is to such.and in them His 'body.' "It has been said, however, by a Ritualist writer, that this view of the ' Sacramental pre sence of Christ's body and blood' makes the greatest possible demand on our faith. Be it so. _ Still, that faith is not tainted with Rationalism, either dogmatic or sceptical. It does not ' intrude into that which it has not seen.' It accepts without questioning the 'severance'which our Lord, in His own words of institution, seems to make between His adorable self and the separate elements of His human nature, namely, His body and His blood. Without questioning, also, it receives the personal union of the divine and human natures in Christ, ' indivisibly and without confusion,' when the Only Begotten was conceived by the power of the Highest. But to take on Him the likeness of man, who was created in God's image, and to make Himself locally present in ' bread and wine,' is another. The latter assump tion, however, is essential to the idea of ' sacri fice,' and on it the Ritualist takes his stand." For the same purpose, but equally without foundation in fact, the table of devils, at which the heathen sat down and feasted in the ido' temples of Corinth, is assumed to be the ' altarl at which the sacrifice was offered. In the Temple at Jerusalem, ' the holy place in the Court of the Tabernacle of-the Congregation,' beside the ' altar,' where the meat-offering was consumed, cannot be identified with the ' altar' itself on which the blood of the sacrifice was sprinkled. In like manner the altar of the Cross at Calvary, and on which Christ's blood was shed, and the new tomb on which His body was laid, typically consumed as the whole burnt offering by fire, were, distinct. The Passover lamb, of which none was left until the morning, and its blood sprinkled on the doorposts, cannot be confounded. The table of shewbread is, indeed, called the 'altar' by Ezekiel and Malachi, but in that offering of ' thanksgiving' there was no propitiatory sacrifice, as in sin offerings of blood ; yet this idea is. the essence of the Romish Sacrifice-of the Mass, and ap parently of Ritualistic 'oblation.' St. Paul has abstained from using the word, altar when speaking of the Lord's table and supper. The like reserve by our reformers in the communion office shows their anxiety to eliminate error, while securing the true grace,of the sacrament itself. "The Ritualists do not indeed speak as the Catechism of Trent speaks of ' immolating the victim Christ,' ' offering a true propitiatory sacrifice,' ' making satisfaction-4*) God for sin,' and so 'meriting all the fruits of the Lord's passion;' yet by vestments, and lighted tapers, and incense, and genuflexion, they imply a doc trine apparently identical in purport with the sacrifice of thejmass ; and this it was the first step in the English Reformation to set aside by changing the canon of the mass into the office of holy communion. "Apart from these considerations—that is,-its departure from the spirit of the Anglican office, and its rationalistic interpretation of the words of Christ's institution—Ritualism seems practi cally to obscure the mission and work -of the Comforter. By the daily miuistering the sacri fice of the altar there seems to be made, as under the Mosaic covenant, the remembrance.of sins, instead of purging the conscience and per fecting for ever them: that are being sanctified. There is abringingback the ' bondage of fear,' and putting. into subjection to human mediating priests (compassed about with sin and infirmity) the penitent believer. Accordingly sacramental confession is enforced' as obligatory before re ceiving holy communion, and the ordeal of the confessional required instead of the comfort offered to an uneasy conscience by- volun tarily opening its grief, and receiving, if desired, the benefit of absolution. In such a system, then, there is > nothing in spirit, like entering boldly into the holiest by- the blood of Jesus. Indeed, the idea of absolution seems to swallow up and put out of sight the duty and power of sanctification. "We miss, too, the faith like that of the centurion in the superlocal divine energy of Christ to heal and save even from Heaven, His dwelling-place. Ritualism requires that He should be materially (so far as a spiritual body is. material) and locally present under each of . the elem-nts sepa rately—the bread and wine of the - Eucharist. No transubstantiation of the elements qr con substantiation with Christ is affirmed; yet, as the figure is in the Ritualistic s.»stem linked, in dissolubly with the ' thing signified,' there is a tendency at least towards worshipping the visible elements as well as the unseen Christ, who under them is said-to bg present, Qn these grounds we are then, we feel, compelled to refuse this doctrine as grounded on no warrant of Scripture. But while we speak the truth, we would do so in love, and pray the Holy Spirit to lead us and all others into a right judg ment in these matters. He will guide us into all truth, so that while with mutual forbearance we give liberty to private opinion upon this great mystery, we must -firmly insist that the peace of our Church shall, not be disturbed by stepping beyond the prudent reserve of our Re formers, who, while maintaining the verity and reality of the spiritual presence of Christ's hody and blood in the Sacrament, are silent as to the doctrine of concomitancy, and purposely omitted , the terms 'altar,' 'victim,' and 'immolation.' To them the Eucharist was a holy feast upon the sacrifice offered on the cross, the spiritual food of the soul; it was the sacrament of abso lution, the pledge and mean3 of Christian fel lowship. These truths are scriptural and in controvertible. Let us hold them fast, and build up ourselves in the faith and love of Christ by more frequent and devouter solemni zation of this ' preaching of Christ' and His cross, which He Himself ordained. '' While thus endeavoring, according to the measure of judgment which Christ has given me, to preserve the flock committed to my charge from the Galatianerrorof seeking.tobe perfected by the letter, when we have begun in the sp hit, I must advert tor a moment to a, similar formal error in regard to the other sacrament of bap tism. It seems almost an outrage on the spiri tual teaching of; the Redeemer to insist on ' immersion of the whole body' as essential to the validity of the rite. The chief advocate pf this opinion, and of a new unauthorised version of the New Testament, admits that if in one case only immersion would be inapplicable as the equivalent of ' baptism' the argument for its necessity fails. Such a case occurs in Mark vii. 4. The ' washing' or baptism of cups, and pots, and brazen vessel', may be their 'immer sion,' but neither ' tables,' nor - beds,' or rather ' sofas,' ' couches,' ' divans' can well be con ceived to have been ' immersed' rather than ' washed' by pouring on of water. Nor can it be shown that every Jew 'immersed his whole body' whenever he returned from the 'market.'. Our Saviour (Luke xi. 38) certainly did not so ' immerse Himself, "and 1 the Pharisee—His Host—was' surprised, not at that omission, but that He sat dowu to meat with 'unwashen hands.' This, probably, was done by Him of purpose. ' To eat with unwashen hands,' He said, ' de fileth not a man.' He reproved Pharisaic formality, which was beiDg more particular about outward than inward purity; for the custom, of the Israelites from old time was to wish the hands with water 'poured upon them.' even as Elisha (2 Kings iii. 10) 'poured water on the hands of Elijah.' Moreover, the whole nation of theTsraelites was not ' immersed'' the cloud or the sea, which they went through on dry land, and yet were baptised into the Mosaic covenant. The blood of all the sacrifices typical of Christ's atonement was 'sprinkled' on the altar. It seems, therefore, to outdo even Pharisaic formality to object to; pouring or sprinkling of water in baptism as typical of the cleansiDg work of the Spirit of the heart. Again the Apostles were not ' immersed' when bap tised with the Holy Ghost; and with fire,' A cloven tongue of flame sit on each of the disciples. I notice; these things with much disinclination, but am compelled to breaksilence by the exigencies of the times. . "In like manner, I would not have you igno rant, brethren, cqpcerning the'Appstpfie aptho rityof Episcopal government in the Cliurcli of Christ, as if there were want of Scriptural wit ness to it. Historically it rests precisely on the same external evidence as the genuineness of the Scriptures themselves. We receive these, in the first instance, on the witness of the Aposto lic Churches, who were severally the keepers of the Gospels, Epistles, and Apocalypse. All these Churches were undoubtedly under Epis copal government before the death of St. John; we must therefore either suppose the Apostles to have allowed an unauthorised transition from Presbyterianism to Episcopacy to have grown up unchecked,, or that for the perpetuity and better government of the Church they'directed the appointment of such an order in the minis try. Even before the dispersion of the, Twelve Apostles from Jerusalem on. the great persecu tion of Herod, the oversight and presidency of the Church at Jerusalem had been committed to James, the brother of our Lord. The voice of all early tradition declares him not to have been one of the Twelve, but in the true sense of the word a Christian Bishop. Without insisting on the : ministry of Archippus of Colosse or the Apostle ship of Epaphras of Philippi, there can be no reasonable doubt that the powers of governing and regulating Churches, as well as ordaining Presbyters and Deacons and of excommunicating heretics, was committed by St. Paul to Timothy and Titus. To say that these powers were merely temporarily given to., them is pure con jecture in the case of Titus, and is evidently refuted by the context in the case of Timothy,, for it was because of St. Paul's own approaching martyrdom- that he solemnly charges him 'to reprove, rebuke, and exhort with all longsuffer ing and doctrine.' For the time was coming, he said (that is, after his death), when men ' would not endure sound doctrine,' but would 'heap to themselves teachers having itching : ears, and should turn away their ears from the truth.' That surely was no time to withdraw (except for a season) a chief minister from Ephesus, whom the Apostle himself had placed there, '- to charge some that they should teach no other doctrine' than that they had received from the Apostles. Passing onward to the close of the century we find that each of the seven Churches of Asia had its ' Angel,' to whom St. John is bidden to write, a letter con cerning the state of his Church. And to remove all doubt as to the human character of these ' Angels,' the manuscripts of best authority make the false prophetess Jezebel to be the wife of him of Thyatira, who is reproved for suffering her false teaching and impure life. "The letter of Clement, written to the Corinthian Church before the death of St. John, directly asserts that the Apostles them selves constituted - overseers or elders, and foreknowing that there would be contention about this dignity, committed to other (ellogimo) selected men the power to appoint them.' Such selected men. were Timothy and Titus, to whom the 'Apostle' Paul gave the charge of 'ordaining Elders.' Insisting also on the continuity of the Church under the Old and New Covenants, Clement cites the distinct duties of the High Priest—the Priests and Levites—as an example to the Corinthian Church, and to repress their insubordinate spirit in deposing their Presbyters, We have further the direct assertion of Ter tullian, confirmed by Clement of Alexandria both writers in the second century after Christ—that in the East 'St. John was the chief creator of Bishops;' at Borne Clements was appointed by St. Peter.. Comparing, then, thePastoral Epistles of St. Paul with the opening chapters of the Bevelation, and the latter with the letters of Ignatius of Antioch, Bishop of Syria, A.D. 107, we see how in the latter half of the first century the Episcopal form of Church government was accepted by the whole Chris tian world, and freely spoken of by leading Christian writers as a matter of Divine institur tion. pould, we .ipay ask, anything short'of Apostolic authority- have thus completed the organization of the whole Catholic and Apos tolic Church. The Bishopric of James was in stituted by the Twelve at Jerusalem, that of Titus in Crete, and Timothy at Ephesus by St. Paul, of Clement at Bome, and Mark at Alex andria by Si. Peter; those of the Seven Churches of Asia by St, John,, of whom was Polycarp, of Smyrna, and probably afterwards Ignatius at Antioch. It is possible, of course, to shut the eyes to these facts, resting on the best historic authority, and so ignoring contem porary testimony, to argue on the yet undefined terminology of the primitive Church in respect to its ministry. But such reasoning is as incon clusive as to deny that Augustus was ' Emperor' of Bome because Julius Caesar and other Generals were saluted ' Iinperators' by their soldiery. " In these days when every doctrine, usage, and institution is thrown into the crucible of individual opinion, I may be excused for call ing your attention to historic authority and the facts to which it bears witness. If. we are to ' prove' all things, let us also hold fast those things, which an experience of 1,800 years in the Church has found to be good. I would not have you ignorantj, bre'hren, of the Scriptural principles of your Church government any more than of its; dogmatic teaching. If unity and order are ever to be restored to Christendom at large, it must'be by standing oh, or returning to the oldpaths —holding to the faith and Church order once deliver to the saints. Such is un doubtedly the principle and the standard of our Anglican Church. Only let - us in faith, and charity- maintain her prin ciples; and it may yet be granted to her to be the centre of Christian fellow ship (without claiming dominion over their faith) to a'l those bodies which have maintained or asserted their independence of the Roman Pontiff. She may in the Providence of Cod be made the instrument whereby the Greco-Russian Church shall, through the free circulation of the Scriptures and friendly intercourse, return to its primitive simplicity in the Gospel, and build up again the fallen and degraded Churches of the East. If such shallbe one result in time to come of the late Lambeth Conference of the Anglican Churches, it will be a signal token of the Divine blessing resting on that wise and conciliatory gathering; whereby the unity of spirit and fellowship in the Gospel pervading the English, Irish, Scottish, American, Canar dian, and Colonial reformed branches of the Catholic and Apostolic Church was placed before the world in a conspicuous light, and so far a return made towards the visible unity of the Church, such as existed before its divine organization was linked and trammelled with the civil institutions of the Roman Empire." At 3 o'clock the members met at the Church Office, Leigh-street, and the proceedings having been opened with prayer, the clergymen and laymen signed the usual declaration. THE EOLL. The roll as signed was as follows Holy Trinity, Adelaide—The Very Rev. the Dean, Rev. Richardson Reid, and' Messrs, H, H.'Turton and S. Toms. Clpdstchurch, North Adelaide—Yen. Arch deacon "Woodcock, Rev. W. W. Ewbank, and Messrs. P. Sanderson, Jas. Bath,. W.- A Hughes, and G. Young. Sr. Luke's, Adelaide—Rev. Jas. Pollitt, and Messrs. W. T. Cooper, J. R. Hawthorn, and J. W. Bull. St. Paul's, Adelaide—Rev. H. Hewitt, and Messrs. N. Blyth, Jos. Thornley, W. S. Moore, and William Mullett. St. Paul's, Port Adelaide—Rev. Canon Marryat. St. John's, Adelaide—Rev. D. J. H. Ibbet son, and Messrs. A. Spence, Jos. Pritchard, W. C. Carter, and H. Pape. St. Bartholomew's, Norwood—Rev. D. J.JH. Ibbetson, and Messrs. A. Birrell and S. Berry. All Saints, Hindmarah—Rev, F. Garratt. St. Andrew's, Walkerville—Messrs. C. B, Young and J-, Acraman, St. Matthew's, Kensington—Rev. E. Jenkins, Major Warburton, and Mr. E. Meredith. St. George's, Woodforde—Rev. T. R. Neville, and Mr. H. Mottram. St. Michael's, Mitcham—Rev. W. B. Andrews and Mr. W. W. Blyth. St. Saviour's, Glen Osmond—Mr. N. Oldham. St. Mary's, South-road—Rev. A. Honner and Dr. Burton. Christchurch, O'Halloran Hill—Rev. A. Honner and-Mr. F. Wicksteed. St.. Peter's, Glenelg—Rev. ,Thos. Field, apd Messrs. J. C. Dunn and R, B. Colley. \- St, Jude's, Brighton—Rev. Th'os, Field. St.'Philip's apd St James's, Noarlunga—Mr. R. D. Bosworth. ; St. Stephen's, Willunga—Nat represented. •, St. James's, Blakiston—Rev. B. T. Craig, and Sir. B. Gray. Christchurch, ; Mount Barker—Rev. B. T. Craig and Mr. F, Smith. St. Thomas's, Balhannah — Rev. B. T. Craig, . . St. George's, Gawler—Rev: -Canon Coombs, and Mr.'.T,. 0; Jones. , ; • ; \ . ! Christchurch, Kapunda—Rev. J. T. Smyth, and Mr. Jas. Huggiris. *' St. Barnabas's, Clare—Not represented. St. Mary's, Kooringa—Mr. J. Winnall. St. Margaret's, Woodville—Rev. FT. M. Pollitt, and Messrs. G.; E, DeMole, and H. D. Cruttenden.: 1 - ■ St. Jude's, Port Elliot—Not represented. St. Thomas's, .Port Lincoln — Not repre sented. . St. John's, Mount Pleasant—Re,v. W., A. Clayfield, and Messrs. L. W. Thrupp and J. Phillis, sen. '• ' ■ St. Peter's; Robe Town—Mr. W. ' S; Douglas. St. Mary's, "Wallaroo; Christchurch, Gam bierton ; South-Eastern; Mission; Rarossa' Mis-, sion; Yankalilla Mission; Holy. Trinity, River ton; Holy Trinity, Lyndoch; St. Thomas', PewseyYale; and St. Peter's, Williamstown; not represented. St. Peter's Collegiate School—Revs. Canon Farr and F. "Williams. REPORT OK THE DIOOESE. His Lordship then read his report on the state of the diocese. • It was as follows :— " Having addressed yon this morning on the doctrinal subjects which concern the inner life of the Church, I now invite your attention to the state and progress of the diocese in its parochial or congregational oiganization. You are well aware how heavily the dispensation of Providence has fallen upon the Clergy, in the death of four within a very short; peiiod—the Revs. Needham, D.. Williams, Titherington, arid still more recently Mr. Simmons, of Salis bury. At the same time the health of the Yen. Archdeacon Woodcock has become so impaired as to confine: him to his bed-room; while a temporary absence in England has been rendered imperative on Mr. Russell, for medical advice on behalf of his wife. Under these afflictive arid in some degree uriexpeoted events, it-became of prime' importance to fill the vacant cures, though at the cost of. suspend ing those occasional missionary visits which are so effective and so needed in the outlying rural townships and hamlets. The extent of territory overspread by our agricultural popula tion is so large, the number of residents in any given place so small, comparatively speaking, that the parochial incumbency system of Eng land fails to be practicable. Lay readers be come a necessity to keep up the ordinances of religion; but even so, unless they are subordi nated to a visiting ordained minister, their ser vices gradually cease to be grateful to the mem bers of our Church. My great difficulty under (he late removal by death of so many clergy, has been how to supply such regular missionary visits; and the difficulty still presses upon me with exceeding weight and serious ness. " By the 18th Fundamental Provision, the spiritual care of the members of our Church not residing in any parish is to be provided for by means of ordained missionaries or laypersons specially licensed by the Bishop thereto. The employment of missionary clergy or catechists in places not included in parochial incum bencies is here clearly indicated. In order to establish such agencyin those vast colonies which now form the United States of America, the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel was incorporated, and such was the pri mary charge upon its- funds. In like .man ner when. that Society received dona tions in land and money for the benefit of the members of our Church in South Australia.it was for like purposes and on the liKe trusts as formed the .object of the original charter. Although something lias been done in this respect, I am hardly satisfied that a due proportion of the; income administered by its attorneys has been devoted to this purpose, or that the members of the Church beyond the pre cincts of parochial incumbencies have been suffi ciently cared for. The returns laid before Synod of the ■ distribution" of the Leigh Fund will place this matter in a clear light; and I call at tention of Synod to it because the western coast, Yorke's Peninsula, the country north and west of- Port Augusta, the banks of the Mur ray. the Tatiara and Penola districts, are left without spiritual care; and as Synod has in cluded this subject in its fundamental pro visions, it is natural for it to enquire how far it has been carried out. Since my return fro.m Eng land my time has been principally • occupied in visiting and confirming in the various churches; in 35 of which I have officiated on the Lord's Day in a les3 number of weeks. The candidates already presented for confiimation exceed 400, and there yet remain several churches where some are waiting for the rite. It has been gra tifying to me to mark the evident seriousness of those who have presented themselves, indi cating, I would hope. a blessing vouchsafed to the pains taken by the clergy in their instruc tion and training. So very large a proportion of the whole number having voluntarily partaken of Holy Communion afterwards, affords an other ground' for hoping that serious Impres sions in these young persons just entering on the career of life have been fostered and -ma tured. \- "The reports and statistics which have been, laid upon the table, emanating from the stand ing Committee and its Sub-Committees, relieve me from the necessity of going over the topics so ably treated in them. I think- when the whole financial position of the diocese, as dis tinct from the congregations, is fully-under stood, and the appropriation of the general funds of the Church once felt to be both wise and equitable, the working expenses of Synod will be provided by voluntary rating among the congregations. At present there is a lurking suspicion in the more distant parts of the diocese that much larger funds are at the dis posal of the central authorities than really is the case ; and that in the daily distribution the wants of the country congregations are not sup plied in fair proportions.. I do not think such suspicion justified ; but care should be taken to obviate any such feeling, which undermines the character and usefulness of this Synod- as the representative body of the various Churches. "Durjug my absence J find two Churches have sprung up by the voluntary and unaided efforts of zealous members qf .our Church at Aldinga and Qoolwa ; while several others have been finished and furnished in more complete manner—Nqarlunga, Lyndoch, Mount Gambier, Salisbury, Yankalilla, Kadina, and Auburn Others are being enlarged, or are on the eve of being commenced, namely—at. "VYillunga and Port Augusta. , There is, indeed -and I cannot much blame oar people for it—a great reluc tance to incur heavy debts and personal liabilities beyond then- ability to discharge. Our system may be too rigid in this" respect for great show or rapid progress; but we have the satisfaction at least of knowipg that the ' in? debtedness' of the Churches is very small indeed—in most cases none at all; consequently, that there is ample room for increased liberality. The real retardation, however, of church build ing and ingathering °f worshippers has been the unprecedented loss of clergy by death or. 'sick: ness. I consider myself fortunate, well knowing the demand now made in England for increased numbers of educated clergy, that I was able to secure the assistance of no less .than six;—the Rev. Messrs. L. Smith, H. Read, A. Honner, R. B. "Webb, F. S. Poole (who will shortly be ordained Deacon), and lastly, of the' Rev. W. Scott, a student of St. Augustine's, who bias been ordained fqr this diocese by the Bishop of Oxford, and who is now on his way hither. A sum no less than £550 will have been expended on their passages to this country; and, after all the delay and difficulty of setting ' the right man in the right place,' the want seems ever to be enlarging, and the gaps never to be filled up. At this present time Narracoorte and Penola, Salisbury, Strathalbyn, YankaHlla, Wellington, Macclesfield, Echunga, want either incumbent or missionary visiting clergy. We need also a system of clerical education, whereby serious minded and talented young men of the colony maybe fittedfor the sacred ministry. Irejoice to say there is an evident tendencyin this direction, and I earnestly long for the means whereby, separated from all secular callings, they may be able for a time to devote themselves to the study qf theology, under regularly appointed teachers; and at the saiqe time make themselves useful as lay readers. It is obvious that if in soipe cases their private resources may avail in part to their support during one or two years of study, still the Church ought to make pro vjsiqn for their assistance and encouragement, providing them at least with board, lodging, and teaching for their work's sake. We have a capitular body; and I always looked forward in the institution of the chapter to the time when some of its members would give lectures to can didates for Holy Orders in the exposition of Scripture, Ecclesiastical History, and the original , languages qf the OJd and Nevv Testament. That there will be pome competent'"and willing to en gage, in this work-, I have'I ttle doubt, to the great advantage of .our Church, and to their own advance in Scriptural aud theological learn ing. Nor'do I see anything in the trust purposes of tie .property administered by the attorneys of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel Fund which should prevent an appropriation of the income for such theological student cate chists. " And here I am reminded that while we have had for some time an incorporated and paid chapter we have, no cathedral church where they have legal right of entry , to perform the services to which they are obliged by the trusts of their incorporation. . '' Rightly or wrongly I know not, but I have purposely delayed commencing such a work until the parochial and missionary organization of the diocese had to a.considerable extent been established. By God's blessing that has been to some extent effected; not sufficiently, I admit, in its, missionary aspect, but still the basis has been laid on which to extend home missionary operations. Our Synod has consolidated itself on the basis of compact, and possesses, I believe, to a considerable degree the confidence and respect of the general body of churchmen, % Means may perhaps be devised to give it still more extensive . influence and useful ness. The Collegiate School has attained the first rank in the educational establishments of the colonies, and from the results witnessed every day in college boys who have gone to England, I am bold to say that the foundations of a good English; commercial, modern lan guage, classical, and mathematical education are as well if not better laid in-that institution than in others far more widely known to fame in the mother country. The moderate endow ment . of our churches is steadily going forward. Our missions to the aborigines, and the Melanesians are sustained, effectually, yet without observation, maintained on the grounds of religious duty and Christian charity. The Dean and Chapter, as I have said before, are incorporated., and endowed. ; A Widow' and Orphan Fund for the Clergy has been instituted, and is prospering. The endow ment of the See and. See-House are suf ficient and secure. Should any unforeseen event cut short my tenure of office I have provided that the Dean and Chapter shall be, vacante seda, my executors, as far as Church property and trusts are concerned. The one work therefore which yet remains for me to in augurate is a Cathedral. I may not . live to see it completed. I may at least be permitted to provide, like David, the plan and materials, ■even should another enter into my labors. " It is indisputable, I think, that the Bishop of the Diocese should not be the only clergy man in.it without a legal right to occupy con tinuously one pulpit, from which he can preach the Gospel as he is bound by his consecration. Yet the exclusion of the late Bishop of Tas mania by the Incumbent of St, David's, Hobart Town, and of the Bishop of Sydney by the Incumbent, of St. Andrews, nay, still, more recently, of the whole Pan- Anglican Episcopate (Archbishop of Canterbury and Bishop of London included), from Westminster Abbey and St. Paul's, would render me very unwilling to try before the Civil Court the legal right which custom and ecclesiastical principles give to the Bishop of occupying any and every pulpit of his diocese in turn. Personally I have ever found the utmost readiness to receive my epis copal ministrations, but still I have been re minded that the slightest interference with the legal mode of conducting the service is beyond my province,. and trenches upon the rights of the incumbent presbyter, The time, then, has, I think, come when I may put my hand to this work without inourring the charge of inter fering prematurely with the parochial organi zation of the city of Adelaide. On the 29th of June I shall have filled—how inadequately, God knows—the See of Adelaide for 2L years. On the 28th of December, if I live to see the close of this present year, I shall have been a resident colonist of 21 years' standing. I shall hope, then, D.V., to lay the first stone of the cathedral on the latter day, and I trust it may , be with abundant thanksgivings for a plentiful harvest. " After much thought, and on many com siderations with respect to' the means of supply ing the daily and Sabbath services of such a building, as well as the tendency of the popu lation within the ample verge of the city, a site on property belonging to the See at the entrance of North Adelaide, fronting the Park Lands, and at the corner of John-street, has beep selected. " South Adelaide already- possesses four Parochial Churches. A second Church will in a year or two be needed for the members of the Church in North Adelaide, east of O'Connell-street, and Irish Town, Hack ney, and other suburban; dwelling places. Easily accessible by the Frome Ford as well as the Morphett-street Bridge, it is equi distant from the Post-Office, and the northern boundary of North Adela'de itself, within an easy walk of Government House, it will be readily accessible for any public occasions or festivals connected with pur Church. The front will form a noble vista from King "Wil liam-street. •'* "With regard to building funds, a sum of £2,500 contributed originally by private friends onmyadvancementtotheSee, thenadded to by the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge and the late William Allen, has grown by careful management to an amount which will exceed £7,000 in the early part of next year. Promisedsubscriptions will raise the amount to above £8,000. Is it too much to ask pr expect from the diocese an dditional sum of £4,000? For such a sum a stately though simple Church might, be built, capable of holding 1,000 persons, if, at least, ornamentation be subordi nated to size and proportion, and if we leave enrichment to those who shall come after us. In days of scepticism and carelessness, I am persuaded that it is good for those who believe in God and Christ to. show and act opt their belief by some outward work for His glory—a work which-demands energy, patience, self-denial, perseverance, liberality, determination, and the single motive of seeking not our own glory, or gratifying merely our ecclesiastical pride, but because we do not like to see the worship of God. carried on in mean buildings while our own houses are ceiled with cedar and painted in vermilion, abounding also in every luxury which decorative art can suggest and profuse expenditure can supply. " I have left myself little time to allude to the legal. questions affecting ;this and other colonial dioceses. The criticaf stale of politios in England mqy rendey abortive any attempt upon the part of tbe Secretary of State for the Colonies to legislate with reference to these matters. Meanwhile, from the recent decision of the Supreme Court of Natal, affirming the legal validity of the le tern patent erecting that diocese, it may be inferred that the non-exis tence of a Representative Constitution by A ct of Imperial Parliament in this colony in 1847, and the appointment of a Nominee Council by the Crown, places the legality of the like exer cise of the prerogative as in Natal beyond doubt: in a word, that the same power whioh nominated the Council did not act ultra, vires when, upder the Act of Supremacy of Elizabeth, ft erected a diocese and appointed a Bishop, who was consecrated by the Archbishop of Can terbury, under a mandate from the Crown. Hence also the corporation sole attached to the occupant of the see would appear to be strictly legal." His Lordship also read a summary of the statistical return, which was laid on the table. Ife stated that the accommodation in their churches was 33,935, five square feet being allowed for each sitting. He was happy to see an increase of communicants to the number of 1,530. There was a slight decrease in the Sun day-schools, which he thought might be accounted for by reason of the deaths or changes which had taken place in the diocese and tbe unsettlement consequent thereon. The sum total of the offerings and collections raised in the several churches was £7,564. Mr. N, Blyth moved, and the Bev. James PoLpiTT seconded-^-' ' That the thanks of this Synod be presented to the Lord Bishop for his valuable pastoral address and report on the state of the diocese, and the statistical return^ and that the same be printed." Carried. His Lordship returned his thanks, and said he had done his best to speak the truth, although of course he was fallible like other men. The rest of the business was fully reported in this morning's Advertiser, and will be repro duced in the Chronicle of Saturday. The man who was arrested for stealing away was discharged, the evidence haying been in definite. 