CORALS. [jFrom Putnam's Magazine*]s In tee-, boa summer months, mum the waters ane-bringing forth, as in the-days of the creation, the moving creatuna- that has life, millions, of diminutive jelly-like spawn are thrown out by the parent-animal. For a while-they enjoy their freedom* and seem to luxuriate; in the exercise of their powers of locoiaotion, which they are never hereafter to recover, but soon they become weary and setfcfo diown upon some firm stationary body. At once they begin to change their form; they become star-like, the mouth being sur rounded by tentacles very ranch as the centre of' a flower is surrounded byits leaves. After scone time each one of these ray-like parts ; pushes out extensions, which in their turn ; assume the shape of tiny, stars, and establish : their own existence by means of an inde pendent mouth. In the- meanwhile lime has i been deposited at the base of the little animal by its own unceasing activity, and forms a close-fitting foot which adheres firmly to the rock. Upon this slender foundation arises another layer, and thus, by incessant labour, storey upon storey, until at last a tree has grown up with branches spreading in all directions. But where the plants of the upper world bear leaves and flowers, there buds forth hero from the hard stone a living sensitive animal, moving at will, and clad in the gay form and bright colours 0/ a flower. This flower is the animal itself, seen only in its native element, and unfit for air and light. What we call coral is its house, out side of which it prefers to live rather than within. How they build their dwelling human eye has never seen. We only know that the tiny animals, by some mysterious power given them by the same great Master on high who has given us a body after His image and immortal souls, absorb without ceasing the almost imperceptible particles of lime which are contained in all salt water, and deposit them one by one in the interior. This is done now more, now less actively; and the denser the deposit is the more valuable the coral. Gradually this substance hardens and thickens, until in the precious coral, the Jsis NobUts of science, a large tree is formed which often reaches the size of a man's waist. It is perfectly solid and com pact, and adorned on the surface with delicate parallel lines. Thus, on the tree shaped limestone grows the life-endowed body of the polypus; it moves, it feeds, it produces others, and then is turned again into stone, burying itself in its own rocky feoyse, whilst on its grave pew generations build unceasingly new abodes. Thin is the so-called Blood Coral of the common people, the favourite of antiquity, and the fashion of our day—next to the pearl the most precious jewel of the deep. Our padrone owned himself his little vessel, which did not measure over five tons; his son, a clever restless little scamp, served as ship-boy, and three sailors sufficed to handle the nets and work the boat. They had come across the Mediterranean from Torre del Greco near Naples, in search of the fabled giant-tree, which his favourite saint had shown the padrone in a dream. There was no log and no compass on board, and all their provisions consisted of the never-fail ing galetta, a white ship-biscuit, and some water, for there is no cooking on board these coralines. The padrone was proud of having a few onions and some dried fish in a locker, the key to which never left the lucky owner's pockets. We found that the fishing was done with a large net, fastened by a stout rope to the stern of the vessel. At the end of this rope hung first an iron cross, consisting of two hollow tubes laid cross-wise, through which strong ash poles had been thrust, and to this were fastened a number of old sardine-nets, no longer fit for their first purpose, and conntless ends and bits of wide-meshed pieces of rope as thick as a finger—tbe whole apparatus a mass ©f rags and rotten net' Work. But tbe morb each wretched-looking passes of net-work the padrone can fasten to his iron cross, the better are his chances. Wh&s; the sea is perfectly qiuiet, he lets them sink down to sixty of even a hundred fathoms, where they slowly spread and un fold themselves over a vast extent. Then he hoists hi® lateen sail and slowly drifts before the wind^ or in a calm sets Mkmen to work at the huge oars of the vessel.- If not so engaged they stand watching S&tbe; sheets, the oars, thtftiny capstan, to dsfey instantly his orders. £§» one great purpose5 i» to wrap as large a number of his fluttering: pieces of net-work as he' can -around the in&nches; of coral below, to H&sar; them by main fbfce' from the parent-stems^ and to wind them* up;, to gether with the iftcgments of rock -fe'Whseh they are attached. The padrone by the aid Cf Ms rSystcrious science favourable spot -#&ere; eferal grows, and Ms dfelieate and experfefloed teach feels instantly, #y the gentle stretching; ofl the rope, when th&set; has got ho3dlof cocSt branches. The liable vessel, no losg&r-;' obedfeat to sail or rucldfer, is held in ebe©E by trfe stoat rope, and Ifenee jumps forwaHJi and backward as the neti seizes and lets g£ again) far down at the bottfem of the sea. The' work.i^haa?d, and the perx^&ation; is running; down theneek of the poor sailors. At timesM the netware- caught between rocks, and the-" boat ioKif ta^k and veer in'all directions to try to l^esett them; at ether times the padrone makes desperate efSrts to creep in between o^er&anging; rocks i®to a narrow cleft, for Ihere in eternal shade and almost . inaccessible recesses they beliive they find the largest andi roost valuable cdral branches. Thus they t^y and drift along, t&y; work and toil and draw up perhaps tw&sty; times a day, and erash-time it is a mere lottery. And this is the vCry charm wMch tMs kind of fishing has f4r the poor children of the South; they'Hope- and hope on,-aasd sick or well, old or young;, not one of tSfem would, when the se^Snicoroes, willingly gjysre up his chance of finding; some precious tfee that is to make Mm sioMfbr life. At last the* pftdbotse thinVa he- Mas a net SMI. The sailers,- whistling a tcne^Sin-ough their teeth, msa^the capstan .and rwftk with their hearts beatings—a jerk and the-net is loosened and comes- tcp slowly, slowly. All eyes are eagerly- benfc upon the ph^e where it will appear oa -the susrface; at last iijaihin.es with a white gleam > fair down stilL If the pieces of net- work-appear wide-sprsad, the evil omen is greeted iwitch muttered ceases:— "-JJio grazia! M£iedktt&fr;' If theyvhang straight down, heavy-laden, the dEeJepest anxiety is seen hu all features, andltlte ex citement becomes -intenae. Now it shines reddish! ''/SaniBsimeotCexclaims the master, and the sailors work, with renewed energy. At last it is alongside. It is heavsd-.«on board with greafc-care^. and now comas; the task of picking cotc tins precious treasure from the mesheK-of: the net-work, cad to loosen them froia Ahe- fragments of stooeon wMeh they are growings With these stcBSfea-vtiroosaad odd acsbimt laodish citizens ciathe dfeep are curiously in termingled. Herohang^worthless horn-corals, and among them*the- Black Hand cSithe sailors, which thay-lave :dearly in spited its lawlessness, becauseatii&an; unfailing sign of the presence of genuine- eoraL Tbere ecsae up sepia-fishes witkistariag eyes, long waving arms, deformed bodies, biting beaks^, and mighty suckers abounding in weirds and ghost-like shapestt.. Between these fri^fetiul forms wave seawaed&with; broad, gree$%, and | purple fronds, whilAlifctie tufted bunohBS .-of | red, and wHte, and: violet, and yelkmylie | marvellously clases-to* feathers, crushed- - all werby the salt, ^ftjwasse. Elfish faeeas.witli huge staring eyas,-,,peep at you from every side, and seem to threaten you with wild hnn earthly horrors if iyouidare touch them.. But they are all pitcbOcL overboard. Theemen, however, are sure .firsi to open the skdl-fish and to swallow- the: contents with tndy.mar vellous dextenilyy before the sh&Ss;* are allowed to reternnto > their dark homeabelow. The branches o£ coral are carefully picked out down to the -smallest fragment, and great i is the joy of the., lucky finder if he discover a piece naturally- beat in the shape ofia little horn, for it is? aar. amulet, a sure protection, against the daraeeffeffifcs of the Evil Eye. The? whole is throws*, into a large chest;,the key to wMch the.:padrone wears hangiugaxoundi Ms neck along^w&h; a tiny bag of holy .relics; and if theae,-. should he a peculiarly, thick branch amoogj them, he places thafc.in some mysterious. McUlen corner, for ih, is vexjy valuable, afl; the price of corah increases; almost in geometrical proportion "ssrith'its si^. 