MARY RIVER GOLD FIELD. TitEttE was no mail yesterday from Nashville, and wo have no letters to baud since our lust. From conversation with persons who arrived last night from tho diggings, wo learn that everything continues tu a most satisfactory state. New ground litis been found at One- milo Rush, and tlioro was good hopo of pay able ground being found nearer Maryborough. At One-mile Rush a uuggot of thirty ounces had been turned up, and at the bottom of tho saino holo about twenty ounces of gold besides. Several smaller nuggets had also been pickod up. Claims arc constantly being taken up ou reel's aud leaders of reefs, and this promises to be uot tho least profitable portion of tho mining enrried-on. Tito bank is oll'ered moro gold than it caros to buy. Ono party says, " It will only bo doing justice to Mr. Ramsay, the accountant, who is about leaving tlio bank for Maryborough, to express tho general satis faction of tho coininuuity at his uniform- courtosy, and tlio ablo manner in which lie lias discharged his duties." The following report of Mr. Gold Commissioner King will be read with satisfaction : — " Commissioner Office, Gympio Creole, December 2.'), 1.80(5. " Sir, — T have great ploasuro in iufonning you that, during tho week which has elapsed since my last report, tho result of tho mining operations curried on in all tho diffevont gullies and scrubs 011 this gold-field have boon uiost satisfactory. Several now quart/, reefs have beou discovered and taken up, and alitor having inspected these now discoveries, and also tho result of tho work done on the roofs previously discovered, I am confirmed in tho opinion which I vonturod to express in my last report — namely, that a largo population will become permanently settled in this locality and engaged in quart/, mining. tSovoral of these quat/, roefs uro so rich that tho miners employed hi sinking upon them, I aro enabled to get a good return for. their I labor by only poinding tho richest specimens. i i a common rnortnv, and extracting tlio gold. Tlio alluvial diggings aro also progressing most satisfactorily. Tho rush to tho One-milo Creole on tho Brisbano road lias turnod out -very woil. The population now settled in that locality cannot nutnbor loss than fivo hundred, and is increasing daily. It appears to 1110 that tho number of roivl minors is in creasing very fast, aud that tlio population now ou tho ground liavo sottled ilowit to steady work. As a consequence ot this im provement tho gold is now being traced tip into tho banks of tho crooks and gull ies. in tho scrub, and it iippoiirs probablo that tho wliolo oftho scrub lying botweou While's Gully and Nasii's Creek will, before long, bo worked. ."Tho doop ground in tho lower part ol AYalkor's and AVhito's gullies. has, during tlio last week, produced soveral nuggots woighiug up to 23 oiiuoos, besides a large quantity oi lino gold, and, as soveral of tho richest claims aro close to tho j auction of tho gullies with tlio Mary River, 'the feasibility of oponing tho bed of the river is already a subject of dis cussion. A party of miners liavo nlroady application to 1110 for permission to turn tho courso of tho One Mile Crock. for tho purpose of working the bed. " From tlio particulars which I liavo cotii- muuicatcd you will porooivo that there is ovcry reason to boliovo that these diggings will bo tho most permanent, and probably tho richest yot discovorod in Quoensland. I must, however, stato that in my opinion tlioy tiro not of a kind to givo profitable employ ment to persons unaceustomod to hard manual labor, as, owing to tho amount of water in- tlio deep ground, tho work is un usually sovcro, and would bp dangerous to in- oxperienccd men. With rogard to tho popu lation now on tho ground,. I estimato it at ,1500, and about 500 persons have loft tho diggings to go to Maryborough and Brisbane for tho Christ-inns holidays. As most of tlioso, however, have registered their claims, they may bo expected to return boforiT the middlo of January. " I hnvo tho honor, &c.;, "E. TI. Ktstu, " Gold Commissioner. " The Under Secretary for Public Lands, Brisbane." Maryborough Chronicle, J:tn 4. IIoannu.K. — A Memphis paper narrates tho following horrible incidents 111 Mississippi life: — " A young lady of tho highest respect ability and most nmiablo character was proceeding to a neighbour's liouso, whore a party, to which she had been invited, was given, when she was overtaken by a negro man and forcibly drawn from tho high road into tho woods, hot- cries stilled by a cloth of some sort passed over her month. Talcon to a secluded and desolate spot, she was tied by the negro, and tlioro detained for a week, wltilo tho black scoundrel ollcctcd bis vilo purpose, without the miserable victim being able to offer the slightest resistance. Two moil who wore out hunting unexpectedly ciitno upon her, still tightly bound and alono. Her captor had left her at tho moment, either to procure food or pursuo somo other purpose. Learning from the "wretched girl tho circum stances of tho atrocity practised upon her, they concealed themselves until ho should return. Nor had they long, to wait; nnd, upon Ins coming, thoy at 01100 sci/.cil anil secured him. Believing that the viotiin should jirouounee sentence upon him, they awaited lier docrcc. It was to Hay him alive. They at onco proceeded with their hunting knives to relieve him of his epidermis. The forest resounded with his cries and imprecations its thoy stripped tho skin from the soles -of his . feet to his body. By the time thoy had pro- grossed to his middle, nature could sfitittl no more, but completely exhausted, yielded up the ghost — the monster dying a most horriblo dentil. Tho girl was conveyed to hor homo, whero everything was done to relievo her suffering but she died the next day in great anguish." Hohihhle Chime hy a Remoto tis Fanatic. — A man named Kursiu, was charged rocontly boforo the tribunal of Alailimir, Russia, with the murder of his own son. 'l'lio prisonor wns ono of tho " sect of the Saviour," ono of whoso doctrines is the absolute negation of all earthly property, and constant acts of wot, ship and sacrifice. It appeared that he had actually offered up his. son as a sacrifieo. His own account of tlio crime is as follows : — " Ono night. I felt so strongly that tho human race must soon perisli'tliat I could not get ii moment's sleep, 1 roso and lighted all tho lamps before tho images of tho saints, aud throwing uiysulf on lliv l.'iirwia T fmiuntif lir mm nn/l Q-zwl i-a u . i>n 1110 uij n » iev/Oj a. IUI tuiiujr VIGII ni(o,<ivi uiu and iny family. Suddenly the idea canio to mc of saving my son from eternal damnation, for as this only child was a boautil'ul boy, and liner than most boys of his age, I loured that lie would become, after my dotitli, tho proy of hell, and I determined to sacrifieo hi in to tiio Lord. Filletl with this idon I continued to pray. . I said to myself that if duriLg iny prayer the thought of sacrificing my son to God 0111110 to me from tho right sitle I would execute it, if, on tho contrary, it camo from tho left, I would givo it up ; for, according to our religious teachings the thought which comes from our right sido is from our . good angel, and that from the loft is the instigation of thedovil. After a lo ig prayer, tho thought camo to mo from the right sido, and I re turned full of joy to tho room wlioro my son slept by tho sitlo of my wife. ICuowiug that slio would opposo tho sacrifieo which I ilosirod to ofi'or to God, I sout hor to tho market to purchase provisions. AYI1011 slio had gono, I invoke my child, aud Bttid to him, ' Get up my son, put on thy whito shirt, that I may admire thee.' AYhen I10 had done this I laid him 011 tho bench, and stabbed Itim several times in tho stomach." Tho child in struggling foil frequently upon tho kuifo, and when found", was covered with wounds. Tho lather, it scorns, intending to end tho lad's sullbriugs, cut the stomach opott from top to bottom ; but oven tlion I10 litigorod for a little wliilo. This frightful scouo occurred just boforo suin-iso, Kursin says that just as tho child had broathed his last, "the first vuys of the sun shono through tho window, aud in a moment, of ecstacy lie tell on his knees and implored God to mercifully recoivo this sacrifieo. Kursin continued his narrative iii tlioso terms : — J ust ns I had thrown myself boforo tho holy images, nnd as my son was lying in his blood, tho door opened and my wife camo in. She instantly saw what htul jiassed, and, seizod with horror, slio foil sonsoless to tho ground. I raised hor, and said, ' Go to tho mayor and tell him all. 1" tun fjniug to givo a fete to tlio saints.' AYo learn further from tho Russian journals that Kursin, after ho had boon sent to prison, resolutely rcfusod all kind of nourishment, and died of starvation boforo tho scatouco upon, him could bo ox-, eeutod. 