WE'RE A SAD LOT-WE ARE ! [vsn ta von or the cotjiiieb] TilEUi; has boon n Ircmondous amount of spiritual " Billinsgito" pourod out on that muoh-vcxod question-the introduction of Poly- nesian labor into tlio colony. Terrible aro tho denunciations which aro launched against tho would-bo " slavo-drivors," " traffickers in human üosh," &c.; Loudest amongBt tho loud, of course, is the inevitable Mr. Brookes. Givo Mr. B. tho ghost of a chance of combining the " literary card " with tho publio man, and he is ready to break out at any momont in a column of dreary twnddlo. From his last lucubration it would appear that wo ave throntouod with a crusado by tho clergy of Sydney, if tho clergy of Brisbane don't rouse themselves, and, like St. Patrick did the frogs-" bring us to a senso of our situation." According to Mr. B. and the " clergy of Sydney" we are all on the high, road to perdition, because a ship's cook told Mr. B. a rigmarole about a ship captain. This jowol of a " Soyor" makes certain rovolatious to Mr. B. seriously affecting tho chnraoter and liberty of a man who is not hero to dofend him soif. Mr. B. forthwith "goes in" for a column or so on tho subject, pats his protege on tho back as a " man and brudder," and sots up a howl about " Queensland Slavery." All this may look very philanthropic, but I think most people will take a somewhat different view of it. But what is tliiB " slavery" question ? Somo of our enterprising fellow- colonists have found that sugar and cotton can* bo successfully grown hero. They havo, moreover, discovered that if tbey are to compote on anything like equal terms with Mauritius, America, and the West Indies, they must employ colored labor in the actual work of cultivation, white lobor being too oxpensivo, and not so well adapted to out- door work under a tropical sun. Well, thoBO gentlemen, finding that we have an excellent labor-market at our own doora-the South Sea Islands-havo hired somo of tho nativos for a certain length of time, at, comparatively speak* ing, a liberal rato of wageB, the employers being bound to Bend these people back to their homes on the expiration of the time agreed upon. ' This seemB tolerably plain Bailing. Hero we have the means of raising the colony out of its presont wretched condition by opening up new fields of industry, and so giro employment to thousands of our own people. Speaking of BUgar, the moro growth of the cane is a bagatelle in comparison with tho amount of labor expended in its manufacture, ko. There is the carting and ornsbing of the cane, the boiling and refining processes, tho manufacturo of rum, the extenBivo introduction of machinery, and the establishment of iron foundries, the work of exportation, and tbo vitality whioh will be given to our commercial relations with other countries. Similar results would ensue from the growth of cotton, and ub we possess plenty of coal, who can say that wo will not have an embryo Manchester aftor a while. It would appear from the foregoing that the -prosperity of the colony goes hand-in hand with tho growth of sugar and cotton: opium and coffee, it is to be hoped, will follow, But what's the use of talking about tho matter ? The whole thing is a delusion and a snare. Mr. Brobkea says so-Mr. Brookes Bnd hi« cook, and the "olergy of Sydney"-a de lusion to tho colonists, and asnaie to tl.o Poly- ] nosians, who are kidnapped wholesale-at least so Mr Brookos says-ho and his cook It's till I vory flue for you sugar growors to call theso peoplo Polynesian lahorora, they aro slaves, and you aro all a pack of " slavo drivers," " traffickers," &.o Mr Brookos and tho cook havo Bottled the affair, and that ought to bo onongh for ony sonsiblo man Wo uro told, amongst other " tliingB not gonorally known," that wo ate not fit to asso- ciate with thoso angoho " Islanders ," that wo aro a bad lot, and would contaminate thom if thoy oamo amongst us Ono feels strongly tempted to ask foi what purposo vas that por- tion of humanity oroatod, which is foi lunate enough to bo ablo to boast of black skmsP From tho foregoing it Mould appeal that tho bloekfellow was designed to bo a kind of "lay figuro," eapabl eof bomg " dono up" into a sort of gmgorbread Olnieliiiu, then clapped into a band-box, and sent lo Iloavcn " with caro" Our eloiioal fnonds " stick iib up" poi íodically, for-I'm afraid to sav how many thousands of pounds for the convorsiou of thoso henthoiiB into Christians If the Christianity thoj locoivo bo of such n dohcato, fiagilo naturo that moro contaofc with n Ohristinn nut ion is enough to destroy it, ii ould it not bo hotter to bostow our nionoj on tho starving whilo shvios around ub ? I should hko to know what, ni tho opinion of Mr Brookes, constitutes tho actual "slavery" portion of this question Is it the ongngomont to sen o foi a cortain pel lod ? If so, oin soldiers and eudora ni o tho vonost slaves to bo found undci tho ann, und thoy got tho la\h too But thoy happen, unforluuutoli, to havo white skins, so thoro is no maudlin sentiment wasted on thom Is it tho low rato of wuges? Soo what is coiifiidoiod ampio íoniunoration for agricul- tural luboi ore nt homo-from a shilling to two shillings por daj If tho captain of a vossol trading with tho Islands is accused of kiduuppmg thoso pooplo, aro tho sugar growois, who ouiploy thom, thcroforo to bo biunded us " trnfllckors iu human flesh," and (ho system described as slaver) ? Oortaiuly not Let tho charges bo clearly proved, and Ihon givo tho lnscal fifteen yents' ponai sorvitudo, thoro will bo no moio kidnapping after that Finally, why should I, n wlnto slave (01 somothiug vory muoh nkin to it), bo compelled to toil nud moil from morning till night, «hilo my black friend ovor tho wator is au eflilly hedged in, and absolutely prevented fiom earn- ing his bioad by the swoat of his brow, «lion ho is desirous of doing bo P Whj should ho bo coiiBtdoiod a supouor ordor of being, whoso only business m hfo seems to bo tho eating of yams, missionaries, and shay soamon, whon ho can got thom ? Why Bhottld ho not como ovor hero, and become civilised ns well as Ohris tinnisod, and loturu to his own pooplo n better man m o\ory tospoot than if ho had stuck to his yams at home P Xhoy havo just as much right to como boro nB wo havo, und Mr Bi ookes will find Unit unloss ho can abolish ono of tho fundamental principles of the British Constitution, lie will not bo able lo koop thom out Ho may tako a vory olovutod and senti- mental viow of tho South Sou Islander-oall lum Ina brother, supply lum with "moial pocket hand korchtofs" ad libitum and so foi th -but I don't bohovo ho has a bit moro real i cgard for him than I havo , and I don't look upon tho " Islander" ob any rolntion whatever. AUSTRALIS. 