Py Jricud &ftr;&t;*pfrrr. BY GODFREY HOBABT. A Tale of South. Australia. PART FIFTH. " A last farewell! how it will thrill the heart And fire the brain! Never forgot or lost When all things else are." It was only half-past 5 o'clock on a summer morning, yet Christopher Peetray had left his bed some time, and was busily occupied about the stable—affectionately watched by his dog "Schneider," who was fastened up in one corner—doing little neces sary jobs preparatory to harnessing the horse to the cart-load of fruit and vegetables which had stood all ready since the night before. Inside the house, Mrs. Christopher Peetray bustled about even busier than her husband outside. Christopher was going selling to-day, and naturally enough wanted his breakfast before making a start. I do not pretend to say that breakfast alone— breakfast wholly and solely—would have been a sufficient cause for such rather early rising on the part of such a charming little woman as Mrs. Christopher Peetray, but, bless you! she knew well enough that Christopher liked his breakfast served pro perly—good, substantial, but of course plain —for although a hardworking, industrious man, he was poor enough yet; and also that he much preferred the company of his wife to that of any other human being, him self included. While Christopher was getting ready in the stable, Mrs. Christopher was getting ready in the house, going about with sur prising alacrity, giving a turn to the hot cakes, then rocking Baby in the cradle— Baby was snugly ensconced therein as near the hearth as was deemed prudent—-then she saw that the kettle was singing away and kept just on the boil by judicious applications of wood to the bright fire at the right moment. Then a snowy table cloth was spread without a wrinkle, and sun dry cups, saucers, plates, and other articles necessary at meal times placed thereon. A wonderful teapot occupied the psst of honour —a little, round, brown earthenware teapot —a gem of a teapot, out of which the tea poured smoking hot, possessed of a beauti ful aromatic flavour which Christopher said he had never tasted anywhere before. How the tea came to be so extraordinarily good it would he useless to imagine; whether it was the superior quality of the herb itself, or whether it was the teapot, or whether it was the busy, quiet, little manufacturess, or any virtue in the house and its contents, nobody could say. Yet a certain relation of the maker of this wonderful beverage would persist in declaring his belief that all the marvellous properties of the tea were owing to nothing else but the way in which it was made. Everything being in a proper state of forwardness for breakfast, the bustling house wife aforementioned weat to the door and called out "Chris! Chris! breakfast is ready!" and then, as if to prove the truth of her words lifted the kettle, which boiled in a perfectly irresistible manner, upon the hob, caught the precious teapot from the table, and triumphantly poured in the water, restoring the teapot, which must have felt quite proud of containing so much good tea, to the table; and then waited for the steps she knew would come clamp-clamping round the corner almost directly. They did come, and quickly enough you may depend, for Christopher felt ready for his breakfast; and, besides, no man who possesed an atom of taste would care to miss such a breakfast as was provided for him; and it wotdd have been a moral and physical impossibility for any human being to have resisted the invi tation of such a neat, cozy, comfortable, good-looking little woman as Mary Peetray. Christopher took a look at the Baby while his wife poured out a cup of tea and deftly placed the hot cakes with some cats from a cold leg of mutton upon his plate. " He grows, I do b'lieve, Mary," he said, and took his seat at the table, Maiy sitting on the side nearest the cradle so that she could keep the baby gently rocked, and at the same time attend to the wants of her hus band. Christopher, tender and kind as he always is, seems tenderer and kinder than ever this morning. He certainly does full and complete justice to the meal placed before him, but contrives to keep talking between most mouthfuls. " What happiness we've had, Mary!" he says, looking at Mary, and then, as it were, beyond her, quite in a retrospective mood, "So much happiness sure-ly." " Yes, C'hris, dear!" she rejoins simply. " If ever a man had reason to feel thank ful, Fm the man; if ever a man had reason to snap his fingers at the world and bothera tion, Fm the man. For what with the darlin' that's my wife, and the darlin' that's my boy, and the darlins' as are my wife's relations, and my home, and all; why! if I'm not a happy man, tell me who is, Mary darlin' ?" Mary could not, of course, dispute the truth of these joyous assertions, or answer Christopher's question in a contradictory manner; and indeed, had she been able, it is much to be doubted whether she would have done so. As it is, she feels herself a little gayer than before, if that were possible, and can not help saying with a beaming face— " Why Chris, dear! you talk as if nobody else was as happy as yourself, or could be, you old darling! Was ever a woman or anybody more happy than I am? Did ever woman have a better, a dearer, a more loving hus band? Did ever woman have such a darling baby? or a brighter, cheerfuller, or pleasanter home? If you are the happiest man, / must be the happiest woman." There was no controverting such forcible logic as this, the thing was quite plain; and if any one had seen her pour out that other cup of tea, they would (being persons of dis crimination) have at once pronounced Mary Peetray's opinion of herself a perfectly just and reasonable one. Christopher, at all events, looked as if he heartily agreed with the speaker, as he finished his breakfast, and standing up said, "It's early yet, my dearest lass! let'6 have a stroll round the garden together, for I shan't be home till late, maybe." The garden was of course comparatively young, but though the fruit-trees seemed as yet mere bushes, aud the vines little better than cuttings, there was a luxuriant growth of vegetables — the beds were tastefully arranged, and the paths neatly made. " Ne'er a garden about shall beat our gar den. darlin'," Christopher said decidedly, and looking round with self-content written palpably enough on his features. "Them vines and trees are coming on wonderful, we'll soon grow our own fruit, and leave Mothers garden alone." " Well, Chris, dear!" Mary remarks, "there is no gardener about to beat you—the garden ought to be good, for it has cost you work enough." "And soon, please God, we'll reap the benefit," Christopher adds, looking rather proud of the compliment paid him. For a while they ramble about, more like lovers of the old time tbau Mr. aud Mrs. Christopher Peetray—it is so pleasant this summer morning! so cool as yet. The hills about are covered with spangles of dew, which glitter in the sunshine as if some Titan of the night had strewn diamonds broadcast over the land. Christopher almost wishes the cart and its contents at Jericho, or any other place, rather than standing so pertinaciously under the shed with the horse near almost harnessed; for it seems hard to tear himself away from home and the little wife this morning of all mornings. Everything is so nice and neat, so clean and comfortable, the place itself so inviting and lovely, Mary herself such a delightful com panion, and the baby such a duck of a_ baby, that our friend, as before suggested, would have preferred staying at home infinitely better than going out selling vegetables. " I must go now, darlin', or the others '11 be before me. I suppose Mother and the girls'll be up here before long — nobody awake there yet." The roof of the other cottage could just be seen through the intervening foliage of fruit-trees, and it was plain enough to the meanest understanding that none of the J arrises had risen, for no smoke issued from the chimney. " They were all down at Ellis's last night, and I expect didn't get home till pretty kite, and Mother's a bad one for stopping-up. Chris, dear, I wish you hadn't to go out to day!" Christopher was near as possible throwing business to the winds and letting the cart travel itself, if it liked, but by a strong effort of will which sternly bade him honour duty, he conquered the home inclination and turned to complete his preparations and make start. "Gracious! I forgot Baby, and there, hark at him crying," and Mary hurried inside to console the weeping infant whose lungs were certainJy creditable to his paternity. Chris topher led the horse and cart round carefully, then leaving them just outside the gate on the road, returned through the tiny bit of front flower-garden to say good-by for the day to Maiy and the Baby He found Mary going through the opera tion of washing and dressing the child, and Christopher had hardly ever looked upon anything giving him so much pleasure, as this darling little mother with the baby sprawling quite naked on her lap making a vigorous resistance to the necessary applica tion of cold water and cons quent towelling. His kicks and cries were unavailing, however, as mother quickly and lightly cleansed and dried the small red body, and in a sbort time Baby reposed serenely in his cradle before the fire, looking up to the roof intently as if engaged in the study of astronomy by day light through the medium of shingles. Chris topher stood enjoying all this, leaning against the door-post and looking lovingly on, he now moved forward and said— "Good-by, mydarlin' wife, but only for the day." "Only for the day!" Mary repeated with her smiling face upturned to his, and com pletely lost to general view in her husband's lonir and close embrace. " Kiss the Baby, Chris, dear, before you go." And Christopher, who indeed hardly needed any maternal reminder, knelt beside the cradle and tenderly kissed the small face. Another "Good-by." The cart rattled away down the road, and Mary, standing at the gate, saw it till it was hidden by a turn of the gully, and could just perceive a red handerchief waving a farewell in the strong, kind hand, and then resumed her housekeep ing, expecting, in a little while, a visit from her mother or sisters. Like many men of his class Christopher Peetray had numerous friends and well wishers, so at most cottages in the ranges he was compelled to make a stop for conversa tion. Many were the enquiries after Mary and the Baby, to all of whieh Christopher could answer cheerily that no two people he had ever known were better in any respect, if our friend had not sturdily resisted the many invitations to drink given him, there is no doubt but that by the time he returned home he would have been able, visually at all events, to double the actual number of his family. As it was, he had a cheerful word for everybody, and everybody had a cheer ful word for him. He proceeded gaily on his errand, exchanging good wishes with all, perfectly happy and contented, an enviable man surely, a man to be loved, admired, and respected. Presently he got far enough to sell some small quantity of fruit, and by degrees to those houses just at the foot of the hills, whose occupiers were all regular customers. Putting money in one's purse has not, generally speaking, a depressing effect. This was plainly exemplified in Christopher, who, beginning his morning's work so well, felt somehow sure of a successful day, and got at last into the straight road which leads to Adelaide very well satisfied with himself and everything about him, feeling even happier than ever. Christopher's was such a decided, hearty, strong happiness, that this last statement might he easier imagined than realized, for if any one had seen him at home an hour back with his wife and child, or coming along with volleys of good wishes from many friends, or noticed the clear, brown, handsome face, with its gleesome smile and joyous expression, the first question suggested would have been. " However can this man be happier than he now Is?1' Over the cart was a large tilt which, not only protected the vegetables from the heat and dust, but also, projecting in front, formed a shade for the driver. It was delightful to lounge lazily back quite cool and let the horse jog along steadily with loosened reins, and feel oneself on terms of cheerful independence with the world at large. Christopher's day-dreams were very pleasant and pleasurable, soothing to the mind, and almost assuming a tangible shape in the busy brain. As he gazed onward at the still distant town, the small villages beyond, the shipping further yet, the sea and sky forming a background, and immediately near the long white road bounded by waving crops, blooming gardens and many houses, whether it was that Christopher actually dozed, or whether he was so completely lost in reflection that immateriality assumed earthly shape, Christopher could never tell, but somehow—he never noticed how—all these things seemed to be jumbled, as it were, together, to be no longer separate, but become an even, dull, grey mass, which in its turn was surrounded by a frame of beautiful wild flowers, appearing like a gigantic- picture clouded and misty with age, only wanting some proper restorative to bring the gay colours and scenes, hidden for so long, again to view. That this was really the case soon became apparent, for out of the dim in definiteness, forms, places, and persons be came plainly visible to Christopher's eyes, gradually growing more and more distinct, till the whole resemblance was faithful, natural, and perfect. The first scene, though mauy, many years had passed, was well-remembered. A small room, three weeping children, and a dying mother. Christopher saw himself a little boy, gazing in a passion of grief on the pallid careworn face that fast approaching death had clothed with a horrible gliastliness. The sobbing girls, too, he knew were his dear sisters, the loved companions of his child hood. Through the dim vistas" of memory he heard again the last words of his mother, and watched the once bright eye become glazed and lustreless for ever. This scene fades away and gives place to a quiet church yard, where three tiny forms draped in black are sobbing bitterly over the small, green mound winch contains the only earthly friend they bad ever known. All is recog nised by Christopher, and, half blinded by tears, he knows the mourners are his sisters and himself. Again the figures vanish, and lie sees himself a very miniature Christopher, kicked and cuffed, and separated from his sisters, the victim of a harsh and cruel task master. Work as Ms weak strength will allow, toil as he may, the only rewards he receives are curses and oaths and cruel lashes ■with a heavy whip. J. hough all this is past and gone so long ago, Christopher feels his blood boil within him as he looks; then with a sigh of relief linds a new picture in the frame, and sees a hoy running away under cover of night from this demon of a master, and notices his eager footsteps bent towards the wharves, and almost loses him among the crowds there, and the goods and timber lying about. He is a sailor at last, thank God! free as a bird, and responsible but to humane men and his merciful < 'reator. Then, after an interval of years, he is a jolly tar in a man-of-war, and notices in wonder the marvellous distinctness with which every part of the ship appears to view, and recognises scores of his old messmates. Various circumstances, long forgotten, come before him, and at last he sees himself busily engaged in the awful work of a sea fight. The rigging and spars splinter and tumble around, the hoarse roar of cannon deafens the ear. Lurid flames cannot even dissipate the dense cloud of smoke which hangs like a funereal pall over the ships. A crash! a flash! an explosion! God of Heaven! she is sinking! mid in another moment he sees himself and hundreds of others buffeting with the remorseless waves and snatched from, the very jaws of death by the generous efforts of their fellow men. Then again there is a blank—soft sun shine fills the air, and the balmy spring morning 6miles upon him. Again under the swelling canvass he stands, burly, erect, and strong, tlie very Christopher that Mary Jarvis knew so well. A quiet emigrant ship, with groups of raeu and women on the deck— hopeful passengers to the far away El Dorado. Amid all, however, he can distinguish one sweet girl standing with her parents and sisters, and notice, as of old, her gentle beauty and her soothing smile. Ah ! what was that? "A woman overboard!" rings through his ears, his brain, and heart! what woman? Merciful Heaven! it is the woman he loves! He sees her feeble struggles and her white, terror-stricken face, hears her im ploring cry for aid, and is instantly beside her in the hungry waters. Saved! thank God! and the precious burden is brought safely on deck, and he feels her low, sweet words of thankfulness and the grateful clasp of her hand. The next scene has ever been a part of himself. He is with Mary. While the moon beams cast their beautiful radiance over the ship, and the night is so calm that the winds have hardly force enough to flutter a curl from his sweetheart's cheek, he feels within in the holy love that shaped his words to a manly confession, and sees the blushing face pressed to his own in the rapture of a first embrace. He could have gazed on that picture for ever. But the figures fade again, then reappear, showing the arrival at their new home, its attendant bustle, and the tender parting from his promised wife. Then for a while the figures followeach other rapidly, and hurriedly show him the most notable incidents of the two years that kept him from his love. These are com paratively unimportant, and he, as it were, gives them but slight attention, and strains his eyes to notice the more recent hours of happiness which he is assured must follow. All this has passed before him in a far shorter time than it has taken to relate; the pictures becoming visible and fading with inconceivable rapidity. Christopher's gaze is so fixed, his attention so earnest, that he does not hear the ling I of distant horse-hoofs thundering along far behind in a furious gallop. And perhaps well for him, thank God! he cannot see the rider's frenzied and agonized face as he urges the panting animal into a still more rapid pace, nor hear the voice, hoarse with shout ing, vainly call in accents of terror, " Chris topher! Christopher, come home!—home!" The appearance, or whatever it might be designated, changed again, and Christopher beheld his Mary sitting outside their little cottage in the hills, patiently waiting for him. He saw, as the sun went down, among the shadows that his rays cast over her the shadow of a man, and next moment the man folded to her heart, nor needed any suggestive voice to tell him who it was. The happy family all clustered round him, and as the picture faded he could see him self the centre of a loving group that wept for joy at his return to them, and called him "dear Christopher." The colours now assumed a new vividness, the sun shone brighter, the trees were greener, the people in merry clusters around appeared happier; then Christopher knew that he was looking upon the representation of his wedding-day, and singled out from among the joyous throng, himself, the bridegroom, and Mary the bride. He knelt, as before, in the little chapel by her side. He saw her modest downcast eyes, the bended head, the timid blush that scarcely seemed to rest upon her cheek, and heard her clear " I will." Christopher was in a whirl of retrospective delight, and would not have broken the strange charm which gave him this daydream for worlds. Then, amid the changing forms, his little home stood in view—the delightful home of so much happiness and joy—and entering with his second self was called by good Mrs. Jarvis into the bedroom -where was his Mary of Marys, looking more interesting than ever, but rather pale as if from recent illness. There was a tiny head, too, beside hers on the pillow, and a tiny voice that made itself heard iu plaintive cries delicious to the hearer. In a maze of wonderful happiness he stooped down and heard her say through his kisses, "Look at the darling baby, Chris, dear." Oh! pleasant was that voice to hear! pleasant to bend over her and his child, and thank God for His grace and goodness. Pleasant to see her, when the shadows changed, just as she sat before him that morning with baby on her knee, the very perfection of a blooming young mother and. happy, loving wife. How he gazed in silent idolatry upon her! what pride filled his heart as he noticed her soft, regular features, the charming expression of her face, the beautiful form, the bright eyes, the loving smile! "What a wife to be proud of she was! Such a womanly little creature!—such a cheerful companion!—such a housewife! What goodness indeed was there, that she did net possess?—andChristopher thought, as he still looked on this picture, how advancing years should but find them more loving, happy—gloriously happy—and contented ! How he would soothe her every care! how the hard world should ever be glad and fair to h er! How he would keep grief and sorrow far from her; and how a tear should never dim the lustre of that eye nor soil the bloom of that rounded cheek! How they would get grey together as the years roll onward, while the boy would grow up sturdy and strong, and be a comfort to their old age till Eternity should kindly meet them with an easy death God!—What was that? A rush—a stifled cry—a cloud of dust—a man and horse shoot by with unrestrainahle im petus—the picture is annihilated! the day dream is gone! and Christopher leans forward with an eager curiosity, as, urged back by its rider the horse stays, plunging and snorting, near his cart. He sees a pale, affrighted face, and hears a smothered pitying voice cry in shuddering tones, " Christopher! Chris topher Peetray! come home, come home! Your wife's burnt alive! dying now, or dead, by this time maybe!!" Merciful Heaven! can it be ? Christopher Peetray might have been dead himself by the lividness of his face that moment. He felt a sudden chill at his heart—-a horribly icy numbing feeling, which took away his manhood and strength—which darkened his eyesight and changed his voice into a rau cous whisper. What was it? How could it he? Oh God of Heaven! how cruel! "Let me go to her!" he tried to shriek, and, throwing aside his reins, caught at the other's foaming horse—almost tore the man off*—and crashed away along the straight road in a mad gallop—his face dreadful to behold in its stricken, ashen appearance— his lips trembling convulsively--his eyes strained onward with a wild gleam in them— his body reeling and shivering in the saddle, more resembling a demented drunkard than the happy, happy Christopher of five minutes ago. Away! away! through the thick fog of dust—past fields and vineyards—past groups of men and women who come won deringly to see this headlong horseman, and tremble at the starting eyeballs and haggard features. Past them all—to her! to her! my love! my darling! my own wife! my dear! Oh God! help me to her before she dies! Onward! on, you brute! Stumbling? for Christ's sake do my work! Onward! onward! in the ranges at last! He sees not the friends who stand by the roadside, aroused by the thundering clatter of horse-hoofs. He cares not that the animal he bestrides is lamed and breathless—cruelly he cuts with his heavy cart-whip deep into the labouring sides, leaving long red gashes behind the the callous lash. "Christopher! Clu- is tophcr!" people cry, affrighted at the grim racer who says not a word and can only feel how that cry might have gone up to Heaven that morning through the uupitying air, when he was far away and could not save her. Could not save her! madness! what a thought! Onward! onward, good horse ! hut two miles move—two miles more, dear horse! hut two miles more! Blot out time, O Heaven, till I see her! Hon" would she he? would she know him ? would she look at him ? and smile upon Mm, and say, how ever feebly, "Chris, dear!" as of old? What if she should he dead? He said "dying," didn't he? or "dead"—which was it? At last! at last! at home at last! Kight up through the garden to the door he rode, through a knot of friends and neigh hours—never spake a word—never looked to right or left—hut sprang from the horse and strode like an animated "Death into the little bedroom. Il'er bedroom, gracious Heaven! " My poor, dear Christopher!"' A woman's wail that came from 3Irs. Jarvis who met | him in the doorway. But he would not stop, and walked steadily on to the bed, ; saying never a word. He had not noticed j the baby who lay in his cradle smilingly j sleeping amidst the commotion, nor did he ; notice that every step he took was through a pool of oil and small pieces of burnt and blackened clothing with which it was mixed. There was something on the bed! what was it? What was that charred mass—that un sightly half-burnt bundle? It lay in an awful passivity — no motion save a convulsive movement of the upper part—no sound, save an occasional gasp which faintly showed that vitality still existed, and broke the otherwise complete stillness of the room. "Oh Mary! my darlin'!" an agonized, stifled cry, in the ghost of a voice of a man in anguish. It came from his white con torted lips as he bent over that senseless body of her who had been his wife —his love—his very life. She was where they had first placed her— her clothing in some places loosened or cut away—soaked and drenched in oil, which had streamed off the bed and flooded the floor. The lower part of her poor body quite charred and consumed by fire—her face all blistered and scorched—her hair singed— a disfigured heap of insensibility from which Nature had been driven by hideous and insup portable torments. Death might relieve her any moment, or death might leave her to endure for hours. She might pass away and make no sign, the doctor said, or it was just possible that a momentary glimmer of reason might retrrn before she died. There was not the slightest hope, the doctor said, not the slightest. How she had ever lived at all, after sustaining such fearful injuries, he could not conceive. It was the very worst case he had ever known. He hoped to God he might never be called in to such a heartrending case again—young too—and pretty—and a baby. The baby had better be put out to nurse, he thought—could do nothing, unfortunately — quite hopeless— could have done nothing more than they had to mitigate the pain. Oil was the best thing under the circumstances. She would most likely die in the same state of stupor. Must go now, sorry though, but his time was fully occupied. Ah! do not touch her, my poor fellow! it will but give her pain. Good morning! Christopher sat in the chair by the bedside with his eyes fixed on the woman he loved so well, but no word did he utter, apparently insensible to all about him, seeing nothing, | heeding nothing, but the woman he loved so well. Sirs. Jarvxs and her daughters were trying, : poor souls, to put things a little straight, to subdue the disorder and carry on the necessary duties of the house. One of the neighbours suckled the baby, who laughed in her arms and chuckled and crowed, as if his mother were still the same bright, bloom ing, happy mother that had washed and "caressed him so merrily that very morning. But Christopher still sate there, awful in his grief. No tear had eased his wild, dry, staring eyes, his face was deadly white and almost calm, save occasional twitches of the mouth which betrayed the terrible agony rampant within. There he sat, till far into the afternoon, when the women about became terrified at his silent sorrow, and called "Christopher!" though to no-avail, for he seemingly heard them not, or if he did hear them, took no notice. At last Mr. Jarvis who had been rendered quite help less by the shock, was sent to unloose "Schneider." "For," said Mrs. Jarvis while she wept bitterly, "they was both so fond of the little dog, and Mary, poor dear! es pecially. Maybe he'll remember him!" "Schneider" harked and yelped at first, hut afterwards crept into the house making no further noise, as if cowed by the strangers around and instinctively knowing that all was not welL Christopher, still unmoved by the side of the bed, woke at last from his trance of grief on feeling something touching his legs and a shaggy head forced np into his hand. Mrs. Jarvi3 came in and laid her fingers on his shoulder. He started from Ins seat and looked her in the face for the first time through these weary, dreadful hours. The Christopher she had known, the strong, sturdy, jolly Christopher, was lie this man? She could hardly recognise him, he was changed so fearfully and so unlike the Christopher of yesterday. "Come! Christopher, my dear lad! It's not right for you to be here so long like this. Let me take your place and watch through the night!" He turned a fixed stare into her "brimming eyes and said in a voice, as it were the crust of a voice, with all its ring and resonance taken away, speaking slowly moreover, as if every word were a pain— "Ho, no; no one sliall stay here but me, no one sliall take my place, no one! Who lias the right that I have ? Who loved her so well as I I did? Whose heart is broken but mine? Who would watch her so tenderly as I shall ? Who would give his life, as I would, to give her the life she has lost? Thank you kindly, my dear, and God hless you for it. But I must he with her, liy myself. The doctor said she might die any moment, but might have a glimmer of reason, wasn't it a 'glimmer of reason?' before she died. And oh ! if I missed that, she wouldn't know me in Heaven afterward." "Christopher!" Mrs. Jarvis said, sobbing unrestrainedly while he still gazed on her, his face distorted and palid, but never a tear in his eye, "Christopher! I ought to stay too! Am I not her Mother? Was she not always the one I loved more than all? Shouldn't her sisters be here as well? Didn't we all like her and love her?" " Ho one, no one, ever did or could love her as 1 did ; they couldn't have. How do y'go, there's a dear good mother, and leave me with my poor, darlin', dyin' wife!" So saying, he led her, almost made her go to the door, closed and locked it, and then re sumed his steadfast vigil. He had forgotten the dog, what mattered it ? she used to like Schneider! "Schneider!" the dog looked wistfully up, but as if thinking it best to stay as he was, remained upon the box where he had coiled himself and presently went fast asleep. The niglit came on, the sun setting in a mass of red and purple cloud, in gorgeous beauty, in golden brightness, as if his rays had not lighted misery and sorrow that day through the wide world. Behind the sea he sank, and seemed to set its waters a-iire, stretching out over the earth and up through the sky his lucent beams as if in defiance -of the coming night, that, growing blacker and drawing nearer, as he went to light the under world spread over the land and triumphed over day. The niglit liad come up, and its gloom seemed to be intensified in Christopher Peetray's cottage. Mrs. Jarvis, her daughters, and two or tln-ee sympathizing neighbours remained in one room, wliile in the other, silent and sad, still watching by his dying wife's bedside, sat the disconsolate and miserable husband. It was a dreadful time ; among the women none dared speak above a whisper, and the noise made by tbe rocking of baby's cradle could be heard distinctly throughout the house. Baby, poor fellow, with one fat little arm under liis neck, was slumbering as only babies ean slumber, undisturbed and unoppressed by tbe sorrow around. His father in the next room suddenly looked up, and noticed for the first time that everything was in dark ness. The still quiet figure on the bed had never stirred, yet occasionally there was a fluttering of breath which showed respira tion to be impeded for a wliile, and then the slow rise and fall of its breast told the stricken watcher that life yet lingered. In the darkness this could hardly be seen, and Christopher, fancying that the motion was stopped as the figure became more and more indistinct, got up softly and lit the small kerosine lamp which always stood before the looking-glass. The glass faced the bed, and in it was reflected the poor victim, and with a sigh of relief he saw the slow heaving which he thought had ceased. He just glanced at his own altered and shrunken face out of which the red blood was driven, aud with a strange kind of curiosity noticed how terribly different it was to when lie had j looked at himself that morning, with Mary ' trying on tiptoe to peep over his shoulder aud telling him with her merry laugh that he was getting quite conceited. Her merry iauglx! oh! when should he hear that merry laugh again? Never, never, he knew, tiU they met in Heaven; and Christopher resumed his Beat by the bedside, praying that the glimmer o£ reason might return as the doctor had said, that he might just hear her loved voice again, that he might remem ber and cherish its tones and keep the words she would utter bound in his great love fast round his heart, to give him comfort and hope when alone and weary, to light his path to her side when once more they should meet in God's bright home of peace. Slowly the hours wended, slowly the night rolled onward, how weary, weary was that dreadful time! how pregnant with horror was every moment that fleeted into eternity! EvenSchneider stretched out upon the box seemed uneasy, and kept shifting first to one side then the other, unable apparently to stay quiet for more than a few minutes, looking at his master and mistress so utterly unlike themselves, and wondering, with a feeble wagging of his tail and dog-like muddle of intellect, what it was that had so greatly changed everybody. Midnight came and went, still no altera tion, the same quietude, the same silence in that room. The lamp cast its feeble glimmer over the same scene it had lighted ever since Christopher had sought its aid to dispel his fearful fancies; the sameshadows were thrown upon the wall, the shadow of the wretched husband bowed by weight of sorrow, the shadow of the tortured wife, still as the statue on a tomb. Her eyes had never once opened to bless Christopher's fixed and agonized gaze, her arms and hands were shockingly burnt in vain endeavours to save her self. Her face was blistered, swollen, and scorched, and thus she lay through all this dreadful time, insensible to everything around, insensible, thank Heaven! to her own sufferings. Over and over again Christopher had looked at all these things, till he felt his heart grow cold within him and his brain turn giddy and his sight become dim. The doctor said she was not to be touched, but he had only resisted with an immense inward exertion, an intense longing that several times possesed him to kiss the disfigured cheek, once so round and fresh and fair. He was quite composed, quite. He knew that he was alone with his Mary, knew that she was sure to die, that it would be a blessed relief for her to die, that he was at home in their little bedroom which she had so often gladdened with her beauty and goodness, but which, now, she made a hell of anguish to him. Yes! he -was at home—there was Schneider—and she would soon die—and there was mother, and father, and the girls, and Baby, and friends in the next room, only a wooden partition between them—and she must soon (lie. Good God! what was tliat ? The baby had waked, and had cried out lustily as he often was used to when awaking from his sleep between them. Mary must have been brought back to recollection by the sound, for, as Christopher gazed, he saw her eyelids slowly open, then close again, then, without daring to move, he saw them open again. It was the glimmer of reason the doctor talked about, surely? Thank God! he saw from her look that she knew him, and he rose and bent over her with an expression of concentrated love and agony in his face which was perfectly awful. How eagerly he listened. She saw him, she remembered him, oh yes! Then she tried to smile, and then the blackened lips opened painfully, and with a loving light in her eyes she said faintly "Chris, dear!" just as of old; and the next moment, her dear, dead face was washed by the tears which fell in blinding torrents from the eyes of her desolated husband. She has gone! the fairest, the kindest, the truest of heart! She has gone! and Christopher, sobbing like a chid and giving way to the agony of grief which nature enforces, knows that never again will those dear eyes look lovingly upon him, never more will her fresh young voice ring -out its musical laughter, or enchant him with its low caressing tones of affection, never again will her soft hand clasp his own, her bright face bless him with a smile of welcome, never, never again till they meet before the throne of God. Two days afterwards, Mary Peetray was borne to her last quiet rest in the little graveyard of the chapel from whence she had proudly walked with her husband a bloom ing bride. Many friends were there, who with tender sympathy and genuine .regret beheld her fair body lowered into the grave. As the old minister in trembling accents read the beautiful burial service, hardly a dry eye could he seen, and some were sobbing audibly as if their dearest sister and com panion had been taken from them. The children cast flowers on her coffin and sang a sweet simple requiem which seemed to touch every heart aud caused fresh bursts of sorrow. "Ashes to ashes; dust to dust," and, as the sods smote with a dull thud upon the coffin-lid, Christopher Peetray, a feeble, broken, young-old man, sank subdued and exhausted on the cold earth that held his heart's darling. They led liim carefully home, the very shadow of himself, no longer the Christopher they had all been so proud of, a man from whom the spirit seemed to have departed, to whom joy and strength were strangers, who sat day after day wrapt in his own sad thoughts, hardly noticing the others round him and only appearing to remember his Baby-Boy, and the dog Schneider which was everywhere with him and would never leave his side. The baby was placed with a decent woman —a neighbour—who suckled him and tried hard to replace his mother. Christopher used to come and take the child in his arms, and talk in his hoarse whisper, and tenderly clasp this priceless Blossom to his bosom. Then, while gazing on the little face which brought back the features of his lost wife, the tears would suddenly come, and, gently giving Baby to the nurse, he would return to the home, once so happy, now, alas! so desolate and lonely, and pray that if it should please Cod to take from him this link that alone hound him to life, he, too, might in Cod's gracious mercy, through Christ our Saviour, be suffered to 'depart from tliis world, and join his poor dear darling Mary in the holy Heaven above ! 