DESTRUOTION <OF''F `IIER 1A3TESTY'S ' THEATRE* DY,' FIRE.' , ' Urn lajosty's Thoatro;e,one of'tho hand somost in London,, was burnt to the ground on. Friday; night.: The Times gives the following description of the conflagration: The fire broke out,::or,at least, was first observed, at about, a quarter to eleven. on Friday night. ,Where or how it,was dis covered s not ,?as yet, known . but" it is sufflcient to say, that shortly: after the first alarm; all,the. neighbourhood' know it far and near, for the theatre was one gigantic mass of flameo n a few minutes.,? Anything like, attempts to save property-that ,Jr to say,; the properties in the theatro-was' out of the i~uestion, for the interior gl?wed like a furnace, and the flames darting, througg the slight roof, created a draught which In stantly, made all hope of saving olethei the building or,anything in it totally.i npossible. The fire caused,its own alarm, and large diafts of the inoeropolitan police from 'Boot. land-yard; 'woro' instantly. detached; under the command of Mr. Superintendent Walker and Mr.';Kettel. They, .however :could do little more' than . keep ,'ff' the, onormous crdwds that it once: collectod out' of danger. Detaohments'of the" Foot Guards, boti froni tho': .ellington.Darrsok': and the barracks at tho back ofthe national gallory,cae up almost simultaneously with the .policoe 'rAt least la4a of the troops were in ftll marching uniform, the rost in undress ?aninoi jackets, just, as'thoeyhad,boeon,turned;out of bed. Wltli the assistance of. this foreo the streots leading ,to thoe theatre were then keptclear,' anidtho fl;o-mains all rounid.leogont-street, SHaym arkt,;.rand Pall Mfall. turned full l on.' The suply of water seemed ample; and fireo ongin aterfliro.engino as they came rapidly up ,ore,; inder 'the directions !of.Captain 8haw, at once got into the boat positions for chocking, the spread of the flames, for all hopo 'of, oxtnguilshing them at their souroo was hopoless... The glaroe at this. tine was seen all over the metropolis;' and tons of thousands flocked from 'all points towards the groat contro of the disaster," while cabs, carriages, and even waggons blocked the thoroughfares which led to it. In a short time the steam,firo-engines were in full work, and as fast as the now,.It is to be hoped, obsolete hand-engines arrived, they too were set to. work. The steam.engines threw volumes" of water with tremendous force, and whore their jeots fell they seemed to explode in clouds of steam.. Not so with the hand-engines, which required some thirty soldiers to work them, and the feeble dribble from which was easily dlrected and governed by one man. The exertions of the firemen were;beyond all praiso. They climbed along parapets and copings at heights which made one cold to look at them, dragging with them great lengths of leather hose with which to play upon the flames at any point that seemed of conse. quenee, no matter what the risk to the men themselves. In spite of flame 'and smoke and a terriflo storm of. burning fragments, they kept their places'on'the roof,.their comrades below turning now and then jots of water upon and around the man to keep the spots cool on which they. stood.. The scone at about twelve o'clock was one of terrible grandeur. The roof of the theatre fell shortly before, amid a shower of sparks and burning fragments, leaving a gigantl mass of white flame in the centre, the very heat of which alone was' charring up and burning building after building around It.." All the steam firo.ongines were at full work, and the monotonous thud thud of those worked by' hand were the only sounds which broke upon the hoarse roaring of the crowd and the heavy flap of the great sheets of flame; which seemed to joopardise the existence of every building near the place.' Over' theo front of the clubs in' Pall Mall the burning fragments fell thick as hail; Indeed, it was Imposslble at times to pass along this thoroughfare without danger of being severely burnt.: Tho.chiefs of the police and the firemen working among these; the shouts and cries of the men on the roof of the building itself and colonnade, giving directions,' amid the glaring uproar beneath, where to place the engines; the efforts of the soldiers to keep the great moving mass of people back, all made up a'scone as ex citing and' as grand in its terrors as the great fire some years ago at Cotton's wharf. The theatre was the main source of the whole, fire. 'As 'is always' the case with thoatros,'it burnt like a tar-barrel; but, as usual, left a mass of flame and heat which worked quickly, and surely through . into the "surrounding buildings.' "House after house around it was gutted,' In spite of all the efforts of the firemen;' The flames, how ever, then wore well within control* and the engines were principally used to keep the walls of the main building cool, for In many places they woerobulging ominously.' Still from this work they had every now and then to be'divortod' as fresh flames appeared In the houses around.' It had always been said that her Majesty's Theatre was so provided with largo water-tanks on the roof, that 'any. thing like danger tol the building from firo was impossible.' '_What those tanks .wore doing thi morning it is Impossible 'to say; but' we can speak' of one, at least, which, when the flames reached it,' burnt like so much straw."'' That there could have boon any water In it is impossible.' ' ":" "'With the" destruction' of this beautiful theatre it' is to be feared that the musical scores of many of the principal operas have perished." Mr. 'Mapleson; the lessee of the building, was upon the scone of the disaster before twelve o'clock-; but as a'matter of course,' he could merely look on with other spectators' at -the total destruction that was overwhelming his property. : . :" 'It'is more than a hundred and sixty years since' a, royal' building was first erected on this site for theo' performanceo ' of operas. Strange to state; It has only boon burnt down' once before-a rare oxomption in the case of theatres, Whose natural death seems fire. It was rebuilt and opened' in 1701, and the exterior colonnado and facados com pletod by Mr; Nash in'.1818.' As' far as could be ascertained, no loss of life oc curred.''' .": It was not until Saturday morning, when the calamitous 'fire of'the preceding night had spent itself, tliat the full effects of the disaster.. could be 'realisod; or any Inquirioes could be Instituted as to its origin. 'Of the theatre itself,' one of the finest in the world, nothing remains but the bare, roofless walls, and immonseo'massesof charred materials in indescribable confusion covering the whole space on which the building stood. : 'All the costly properties, all 'the watdrobos of 'the establishment 'have perished,' as' have' also the instruments of the orchestra, the grand pianos, and a' musical library of incalculable value, which had taken two years; to collect. Madame ; Titlons' alono 'has lost 'jewellory worth from'£1000 to :£1200, in' addition` to all' her ' magnificent' stago-drosses.'. The grand organ,' which cost nearly'£800, and all the stage scenery and decorations, painted for the most part by ?Telbn;,' Orlove; and Oalcott, have boon destroyed, and the whole fabrid with'all its surroundings is in ruins. IDy: anh odd dreodimstanco,' the 'only! thing which has sur~ived the genderal wreck Is the dress' in which' the' 'ghost in'Don' Giovanni was wort? to be played. The actual 'and prospoctive loss to Mr. Mapleson, the lesseeo? is esltimated at £12,000, and the disaster,' as it 'affects him,' is ceatly'aggravated by the fact of his' not having been Insured to the uimount of a' singl ishillfig. eIo was about t0 effect ,an insuranco; but it had not beooen omplotod..;' The large duty chargeable upon theatrical propectios is underntood to have proviorzsly dotorrod him.' In the courseoof Bisturday morning her Majesty, through'the Lord'Ohambcrlahn, sent' a messagoe.to him oiprossivo of her sympathy and regret; and at'ejlogram" frbm BSandrlngham," in! similar tbierms, acoomlianle by an expression of hopd that no'lives had beeoon lost on the occaslon;, was' roeeoivd fromi'his 'Ioyal hIlgh'iobs the S'Micb'of th'tdo l?property Immediatel idsr roinding the theatre has beoon moreo or less injurod ansid ,'sin of' it: o complitoly dos AS'to'hi origitn of t firo littlo or nothing is known; but the opinion of people doniootod with' the pla6iils.,that it ,biroe out flrst, about some part of the stageo.' Thiro -had ;been ra morning rehearsal of Fidoll? but at the time when the flames broke out the house had boonlIeft for hours In the custody oflthe Watchman and tlheo'two firemonien'usupllyon dutywithin'the promises. Thie hall.keeper states that hlo'epassod round the placoasu ualbeforo retiring and all was rght.e 'Id.tT ont to bed shortlyafter ton o'clock and the first news .of the fire that reached him came from the nolie of the pooplo in the streets Who had discovered the flames. It seemed to him that the fire must have broken out in the cellars, and yet It had already reached the back of the roof. The two firemen are equally at a loss to ao count for, the catastrophe, and they assort that at half.past ten oclock they went their round and found that all was right. " Mr. itapleson, the lessee, having been hastily summoned, made an attempt on his arrival, but at first an ineffectual one, to save his books and papers.' On' Saturday °morning, Mr.' White, the assessor of losses to the County Fire Insu. rance Company, and several surveyors to the other offieos Interested, made a veory searching inquiry for the purpose of ascer taiing how the catastrophe occurred; but the only information that could be obtained on that point was that not the least signs of firo could be soeen, or smell of anything smouldering could be experienced, until the firemen in the house saw a glimmering light upon the stage, near the back portion and in close proximity to the side wings.' o80 Lnsignificant did the fire at first a pear that they imagined that, with the appliances in the house, they would be enablod to quickly subdue the flames without causing anything liko a panio in the neighbourhood. The fire, howeover, instead of burning only on the surface of the stage, had obtained a stronghold of the mezzanine floor beneath. Hore, the place being filled with,properties and old scenery, the flamos'sh'ot forth in sundry directions. ' Both firemen assert most positively that not a' naked candle' or lamp had boon taken into that part of the theatre. Later in the' day it was supposed that the conflagration' commenced' if the painting.room,' though how it commenced there is no evidence to show. Of the fire man who should have been going his rounds . at the time nothing Is yet known.'' ' 