THE CROWN LANDS DEPARTMENT. The following letter appears in the S. M. Herald, from Mr. John Smith, dated Union Club, 29th January, 1868 :— SIB,—May I ask a small space in your journal in order to invite the attention of the squatting community to the following case, as an instance of what any one may expect who will venture, as I have done, to oppose the petty tyranny of the Crown Lands Department ? I will " nothing exaggerate, nor set down aught in malice," but give the naked facts, verified by the official correspondence herewith enclosed. In the catalogue of runs, the leases of which were disposed of by auction on the 20th instant by Messrs. Richardson and Wrench, you will perceive " Toogong," district of Wellington. This is one of the old runs appraised in August, 1865, at the yearly rent of £163. Rent to commence on the 1st January, 1866. Onthe 1 lthNovember, 1865, some three months after the appraisement, I purchased out of the run 988 acres, for which I paid into the Treasury the sum of £991, the appraised value. In December following, notwithstanding t>jis purchase, I paid the full rent for the year 1868. In the beginning of that year three free Selectors took up their portions at the principal watering places, thus further depreciating t'ae value of the run. On the 4th October, 1866, I applied to have the run reappraised before the rent for 1867 should become due. In March, 18P?, penalties for nonpayment of rent were imposed, against which I remonstrated, staging tb«it I was ready to pay the rent as soon as it was readjusted to the diminished value of th<; run ; and was only waiting for an answer to toy application for reappraisement. In May, I was threatened with forfeiture of the lease. I then (29th May) applied for preemptive lease of 4884 acres out of the run, to which I was entitled under section 16 of the Crown Lands Occupation Act, in virtue of 1628 acres of purchased land. Of this no notice was taken at the time, but on the 10th June I was informed that if I did not pay the full rent, £163, into the Treasury before the 30th of the mouth, the run would be forfeited. Well, I did not pay the sum demanded, nor was the run held to be forfeited, for on the 30th July I was called on by the Chief Commissioner to appoint an appraiser to meet the District Commissioner, in order to reappraise the run. The papers reached me on the 6th August, and I nominated my appraiser by return of post. The run was accordingly reappraised, and on the 30th of the same month I sent down my cheque to the Treasury for the appraised rent £80, and concluded the business was over. But no—for on the 1st October following a letter was addressed to me by Mr. Under-Secretary Lane, politely informing me I could have my eighty pounds back again. I then addressed the following letter—No. 16 in the correspondence—to the Under- Secretary for Finance and Trade :— " Gamboola, Molong, 7th October, 1867. "Sir,—I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 1st instant, with copy of a report from the Chief Commissioner of Crown Lands, referring to the recent appraisement of the Toogong Run, the meaning of which I do not clearly comprehend. " May I ask if I am to understand, after having beeu called upon to appoint an appraiser for this run, to meet the Commissioner of Crown Lands, acting for the Crown, and the appraisement being complete, that the matter is to be treated as a farce ? If so, I beg respectfully to refer you to the 4th clause of section 23 of the Crown Lands Occupation Act. That the run was not appraised earlier, was from no default of mine. I was ready to appraise in October last. " I have the honor to be, Sir, " Your obedient servant, " The Under-Secretary for Finance and Trade." On the 15th inst. I waited on the Minister for Lands with letter No. 18 in the correspondence, setting forth the above facts, not doubting for a moment but that the runVould be withdrawn from auction. In my simplicity I had concluded that the law was binding on the Government as well as on the squatters ; but I was wofully mistaken, for as the " Queen can do no wrong," so is the Minister of Lands above law; and the run,. with five miles of new fencing and other valuable improvements, was knocked down to the highest bidder. Now, I ask the mercantile community of this city, what would be thought of one of their own body who would act thus ? I ask the eminent lawyer at the head of the Government if this is law ? The 18th section of the Crown Lands Occupation Act cancels " so much of the lease as relates to the land so sold, and to three times the area thereof." By the 8th clause of the Additional Regulations of the 28th April, 1865, it is provided, " If in any case it shall be made to appear that subsequent to the determination by appraisement of the fair annual value of a run, such value lias been materially diminished by reason of the sale, or withdrawal from lease, or otherwise, of any of the land included in the appraisement, a fresh appraisement wilt be made." And the above quoted Act, section 23, clause 4, enacts that " the award of any appraiser or appraisers shall be binding, final, and conclusive upon all parties to the appraisement, for all intents and purposes whatsoever." After this most contemptuous disregard of the law by the Department of Lands, will any one be bold enough to fence his runs ? True, I was told if I would pay £163 into the Treasury the money " would be subject to readjustment hereafter; but I have had sufficient experience with the Treasury to know what that means. I had already paid one year's rent, out of £83 is still due me; and had I continued to pay the rent in full, I might have whistled a long time for the reappraisement. I complain that on the 30th of July, a month after the alleged forfeiture is complete, I am called upon to join in the appraisement of a run, to carry out which I have to undertake a journey of 120 miles, and to bring an appraiser from a distance of 40 miles—and then to be told the appraisement isrepudiatcd! Iwonderif the appraisement would have been repudiated had the rent been raised? The object, doubtless, is to put a stop to all applications for appraisement under the Regulations of April, 1865. But what does Government gain by this act of repudiation ? The Treasury returns me (at least so I am promised) the rent paid in for 1867—that is £80, for which it gets .£14 a year, with a premium of £30 on the five years' lease. Thus, with five miles of new split fencing, and other improvements, the whole of which cost me over £500, Government is unable to get a higher premium than £30 for a five years' lease, with an increased rent of £14 a year over appraised rent of the run, minus improvements. But what is the effect of the auction on me? Why,'that as the Government will execute a lease of the run in favour of- the purchaser, I am deprived of my right to the pre- emptive lease to which I am entitled in virtue of the freehold, and which would have secured me my paddocks, now gone with the run. Such is the treatment administered to the tenants of the Crown. I beg to hand you the whole of the official correspondence in the case, and I feel that I should have been wanting in my duty to my brother squatters, had I not thus brought the matter under your review. ON examination of a witness as to the locality of the stairs in a house, the counsel asked him, " Which way did the stair run?" The witness, a noted wag, replied, "One way they ran up stairs, but the other way they ran down stairs." The learned counsel winked his eyes, and then took a look at the ceiling. THE trial of Jeff. Davis has been further postponed till 22nd March next, with the understanding that if at that time it shall be deemed most advisable the case shall be put off till next term. The Herald suggests ironice to Congress the passage of a bill giving leave of absence of 20 years to Davis, as the easiest way of Battling the difficulty of his trial. A FOOLISH fellow went to the parish priest and told him; with a very long face, that he had seen a ghost. "When and where?" eaid the pastor. " Last night," replied the timid, "I was passing by the church, and up against the wall of it I did behold the spectre." " In what shape did it appear?" "It appeared in the shape of a great ass," was the reply. " Go home, and hold your tongue about it," replied the pastor, " you are a very timid man, and havc been frightened by your ! own shadow." •>• REMARKABLE ESCAPE.—" A very remarkable escape from the lock-up attached to the Mansfield Court-house was effected," relates the Mansfield Courier, " on Sunday morning, by a man known as Jim Clarke, a shareholder in a reef at Maindample. He was arrested about midnight on Saturday on a charge of drunkenness, and was securely locked up alone in the cell. On Sunday morning a small hole was noticed under the door, and on the cell bein.oopened it was discovered that the bird had flfcwn. The amount of labour he must have accomplished in effecting his escape must astonish ary one who visits the scene. The floor is comrj0sed of solid sawn blocks of wood, weighing trom 30 to 50 pounds, closely fitted together, and rammed hard into the clay. It was imr,0Si=;,ble that any one could get more than the tips of his fingers between any of the blocks, yet the prisoner must have lifted one of the heaviest in this manner in hi t( ! ^^P'-'Sh his purpose. Having got 0;i C t the rest i was comparatively easy, n ltn tb^j bone of a mutton chop lie dislodged half-?-dozen other squares, and dug out a quantity of earth. The block under the sill wau a very narrow one, nailed above, and secured on each side by two immovable bed logs. He contrived to remove this one also, and then with his mutton bone dug a small hole outside the door up to the surface. The opening was only ten inches wide, and in getting through this orifice he must-have bent himself nearly double, but he did it, and got clear away. Constables Balfour and Hoban were soon on his track, and captured him, with some difficulty, at Maindample. He alleged as his motive for escaping that he wanted a drink." Struck bt LIGHTNING.—WE ( Western Examiner) have to record a serious casualty, involving considerable loss, which occurred during the storm on Tuesday, 28th ultimo. On the day named, Mr. A. Stewart's barn, at the Canoblas, was struck by the electric fluid, which completely shattered the building, and set fire to the produce contained in it, which consisted of from 400 to 500 bushels of wheat, the whole of which was completely destroyed. By this unfortunate event, Mr. Stewart is left with a wife and family utterly destitute, and under peculiarly distressing circumstances. THE Goverment have received information from a reliable source that Colonel Kelly is in Belgium. An officer from Scotland Yard has been sent to inquire into the truth of it. Of course Kelly's person is sacred there; but the authorities are anxious to have the information confirmed by one who, if Kelly is there, will most probably not only recognise" him, but find the means of having an interview with him. A COMPARISON.—Some people, says a contemporary, are disposed to cry out at feminine extravagance, and go into fits over new bonnets and the like; but let us see what a little masculine indulgence costs. The following is suggestive :—The price of two " pale brandies cold" buys a box of hair pins. Twice two " cobblers" buy tuck and side combs. Twice four "sherries and bitters" buy a pair of lady's gloves. Twice fire "juleps" buy a hoop skirt. Twice six " punches" buy a Valenciennes lace collar. Twice seven bottles of " bitter beer" buy a pair of shoes. Twice eight " toddies" buy a cotton dress. Twice nine " quiet bottles of old particular" buy a summer bonnet, and leave a trifle towards the veil and trimmings. Twice ten " oyster snppers" buy a pair of stays, with patent eyelets and embroidered beautifully down the back, also a pair of patent boots. Twice eleven " slings" buy a collar and undersleeves, and leave a balance towards the fringe. Twice twelve " bottles of sparkling" buy one pair of balmorals, two pair of stockings, a chignon, and 6ilk parasol. THE largest nest of snakes, remarks a country paper, we ever remember to have heard of, was unearthed by Mr. A. Keenan, of Monegeetta, on Tuesday last. Observing a large snake go in under a stone in his paddock, Mr. Keenan followed, and lifting up the 6tone, discovered thirty- nine snakes underneath, (thirty-seven young ones and two old ones) all of which lie succeeded in killing. The two old ones measured respectively oft. lOin. and 6ft., and the smallest of the young ones 12in. A VERT pleasant surprise was in store for the Mayor of Essendon and Flemington on Saturday morning last. A few of his friends had invited him to meet them, and in quite an unostentatious way Mr. Brough Smyth, on behalf of the subscribers, presented a very handsome tea and coffee service, which bore the following inscription :—" Presented to Mr. John Filson, mayor of the Borough of Essendon and Flemington, during his year of office, 1868, by a few of his friends;" and on each article his crest was engraved. In reply, Mr. Filson made a graceful speech. The articles are very beautiful, and in excellent taste, and were manufactured by Messrs. Brush and M'Donnell, of this eity.—" Argus." THE following observations on some of the Victorian products shown at the late Great Exhibition of Paris are taken from a communication received by Mons. Jules Itier, late Commissioner-General of Customs in France: —" I have spent six whole weeks iu the exhibition with my son. I ought to have spent there six years to see everything, and then I would not have been able to see everything. There was such an excess of matters to study in that wonderful assemblage, that no imagination can conceive, and which hereafter will prevent any other Exhibition. I have studied in great detail and with the utmost interest, the Victorian Court, and was not only satisfied, but bewildered. It is most decidedly the most interesting and the most important of all the Australian courts. You have sent a large gold trophy to remind us that Victoria is a rich gold-producing country ; but, as if you were ashamed of these treasures, you have very cleverly placed your golden column in a distant part of the building, away from your court. The colony of Victoria, who could— had she chosen—have built for herself a golden palace in the Exhibition- building, has selected, in lieu of that dazzling show, more modest decorations. Like England, Victoria owes her first prosperity to her wool trade; therefore your colony did not wish to forget the startingpoint to her present fortune. She has therefore very appropriately, I think, taken the wool bale as badge, and still better as an ornament. For my part I could not but admire that triumphal arch which Victoria has placed in the front of her court, altogether of a pastoral and agricultural character. In the centre arch, which was blockaded, were hung magnificent protographic views of the principal monuments and buildings of Melbourne. This triumphal arch of peace was surmounted by stuffed sheep, which could, if you like, be taken for the "quadriga" that the Romans were so fond of placing upon the top of their triumphal arches. . . . The awards of the jury have sufficiently proved to you how the qualities of your different wools have been appreciated. I should mention here all the samples exhibited, but it would be too long. I shall therefore only tell you of magnificent wools exhibited by Mr. John Bell of Melbourne, by Mr. Goldsbrough of the same city, and by Mr. Learmonth from Ercildoun. I must particularly mention Mr. Goldsbrough's name, for he has exhibited ten bales of wool and numerous samples, -which illustrate this produce under its different forms and at its different stages of preparation, from the rough fleece to the most beautiful snowy-white wool. Tbe Royal Commioners of Victoria have still done better again. They have exhibited wool at its different stages of preparation for manufacturing purposes, and even further exhibit magnificent woollen tissues, and shawls made of wool only, of the rcost astonishing fineness—all these, of course, made out of Victorian 'wool. . . . These pastoral products must of course, be in great demand for the European manufacturers; and I am happy to see, from your statistics, that they are increasing yearly. I have no doubt but that this source of prosperity will prove more genuine and more certain than that of the goldfields; at all events, it vrill be more conducive to civilisation, happiness, and general prosperity."—" Melbourne Herald." ? "JOHN SMITH. ? 