SHIPPING. HOBSON'S BAY. wish WatbrThib IUt.— Afternoon, 12.17. There will only be nn afternoon tide to-day, November 26.-9 a.m. : Wind; S , very light; weather, fine, hazy. Barometer, 30 22 ; thermo meter, 68. I p.m. : Wind, S , moderate ; wea- tiier, very line, nitrometer, 30122 ; thermometer9 72\. 4 p.m. : Mint!, S., fresh ; weather, very fine. Barometer, 3021 ; thermometer, 71. ARRIVED.— NOTKMBER 26. Southern Crns«,T.8.N . Co.fas., 342 tons, Edward Lucas, from Ilolmrt Town 24th last. Poogera —cabin: Mrs. Sims ami infant, Mm. Sberwin and infant, Miss Sherwlo, Mra. Jackson and child, Miss Greenwood, MPs Joncn, Miss Murphy. Miss Peardon, Mr. James Turohull, Mr. Conney, Mr. J. Glavin; and seven iu thestccrago. Hud son nod Walking agents. Mlirrnv. a 1?rt inn. Q DnU.l. r n a eit — s; """, 1 "miutt, uuui a in i> Albert. Passengers—Six in the steerage. Gfpps Xand Steam Navigation Company, agents. » »9?f?an. S,J ,ons» 'm Lean, from Ade laide 24th inst. Pa?sengcr«— cabin : Mrs. Flem ing, Mrs. Taylor and infant. Miss Galley, Messrs. J. Russell, P. \Y. Day, II. JI. Hnnwen, G. Rolie, jun., James Batlcrbury, S. Chapman. Bailey,. \\\ illiaui9, Allen, Hamilton, W. F.Gray, Maktu, G. M. Gaihy, J, Roberts ; and twenty- n e steerage. M'AIcckan. Blackwood and Co., agent. , , ENTERED OUTWARDS— November 26 Sarah nnd Mary, 100 tonn, P. Duncan, for HskiUkn. Spence Brothers and Co., ngent9. Cap Sing Moon, 460 tons, D. Watcrson, for Sydney. R. Twentynmn and Co., agents. Lady Darting, 708 tons, J. B. Maynard, for Givymoutti. S. R. and C Groom, ogents. Elinor, 396 tons, J. Ritchie, for Newcastle. Bi ight Brothers and Co. agents. Tycoon; 352 tons, J. Mutter, for Hong Kong, via Nowcostlo. Joshua Brothers nnd Co., agents. Thyatirn. 968 tons, J. Sl'Kay, for London. Dalgety, Blnckwcod and Co., tigcnis. Jeamile Oswald, 212 tons, Thomas Devlne, for N ewcastlo. S. It, and C. Groom, agents. 'CLEARED OUT — November 20: Salamander, 904 tons, Jas. Cinrko, for London, via Geelong. Bright Brothers, ngonts. Southern Cross, 323 tons, Robert Thompson, tor uonart Jown. J. rinowhall, agent. Homer, 539 tons, John Rogers, for Shanghai, Tin Newcastle. It, Towns nud Co., agents. Gothenburg, 459 tons. Thos. Underwood, for tJtjigo and other New Zentand ports. M'Aleckan, Blackwood and Co., agents. C-BF ELEQTRXO TELSOEAPJi.) PORT PHILLIP HEADS. arrived, November 26.— swad, ketch, from Western Port. 1 Sailed, November 26.— Blackbird, ,s, for Sydney ; Loelia, cuttrr, for Bolfatt. ' , PORT OF SYDNEY, Arrived, November 25.— Helen "M'Qregor, from Grafton. Sailbd, November 25.— Black Swan, for Maryborough; City of Adelaide, for Melbourne : Jobu Knox, for J.yttelton. PORT OF NEWCASTLE. Sailed, November 25. — Catherine Jane nnd Alcaudrc," for Melbourne ; Alexandra, for Dunedin ; Racer, for Shanghai. November 26. — Colsroon, for Shanghai. PORT OF ADELAIDE. Arrived,. Novomber 26.— Triumph, from Wallaroo. . - - Sailed, Novcnibrr 25.— Penola, for Mel bourne ; Goolwa. for Victor.Harh..ur. PORT OF EDEN. — Nnvember-26.— R,M.S. Avoea passed io the north at 8 a.m. - . . . PORT OF BRISBANE. Sailed, November 25.— Lady Young, for Sydney,. . > - MURRAY RIVER, Eciiuca— Arrived, November 26, 8 a m.— Pearl, from Hay. Sailed, November 20, 8 30 a.m.— Pride of the Murray, for Wentwortb. Murray.— At Wahgunynh, the.rfverls 3ft. .91m ; at Echuca, , Gft. ; nt Swan Hill, 5ft. llin. ; nt Euston, 9/t. 2in. ; at Balranald. 3ft. 8te.j at Hay, lft. 41u. . . . .; ' Tiie Coorong left Adelaide on" 24lh inst. at 5 p.m., and. arrived in Ilobson's Bny at 7.30 p.m yesterday'. She experienced light variable winds nnd calms with fiao weather to Portland, and from tlionco modernto S.E. winds and fine weather. Compaq's steamship Southern Cross arrived m tho Bay. about 9 a.m. veetcr- d,«y. , She left Hobart Town nt 4 p.m. on the 24th fast., and hod fresh northerly wind? to Swan Island. Llghfc wcalcrly winds and fine weather prevailed during tiie remainder of the passage . ... TtlP lwfl n sax ll m. n .1 f.su. kr.ii . I'vuuu, UUUI iUCIUOUrDC to Spring Bay, was passed by the steamship Southern Cross off St. George's Rocks. The Southern Cross also unseed the schooners Boome rang nnd Tasman, off Swan Island. , . . The Glpps Land Steam Navigation Company's steamship Murray arrived Ion evening/after an unuinlly quifck trip to and frem Port Albert, being only absent from Melbourne forty. eight hours Including detention in loading and unloading a' large cargo. Captain Patrick reports leaving Port Albert nt 7 p.m. on tbe 25th iust , and arriving at tho Queen's Wharf at 4.30 p.m. yes terday. Light S E. winds were experienced during tbe passage. The Murray leaves again this morning, and will meet the Lakes steamer Avon, and brlsg back to Melbourne her car-oand passengers. The ship Empress of the Seas, after dis- chnrging her cargo nt the Victorlnn Railway pier, was y03tenlny taken up on the Government pntent slip, for intpnclloH aud survey. When ou her passage from Liverpool, and when coming through the Rip, she bumped heavily on' some sunken pinnacles or ledges of rook, and on mjiug uiKcn on rue sun, it was discovered that her forelont nnd heel must have ccme In violeat concussion with the rock. We understand that an inquiry Into tho matter will be Instituted at the 1 Hot Board on Monday next, I he 1'. and N Z. Coiupnnv's steamship fiirnrun will leave the Railway pier, Sandridge, to- morrow afternoon for New Zealand ; nnd will proceed to Wellington with mails and pnssengers tor 1 aunmn by the company's oeean mail steamer which leaves there on the'9th pro'x. The brigs Chow Fa. from Foo Chow Foo, nnd Jnnct Stewart, from Bntavin, were towed up the river yesterday to discharge cargoes. The ship Elizabeth D mgall, for London, " was towed to.sea yesterday by the Cunllenge. The Black Bnll clipper ship Royal Dane was to lenvo tlio Bny last night, for London, in'tow of the steamer Southland. The steamship Gothenburg elenred out nt the Customs yesterday for New Zealand, and waa to. leave the Sandridge Railway pier last evening. Tifis ship Niagara, from London, was yester- dny berthed at the Victorian Railway pier, to discharge her large cargo. Colonial Bieuoi'a. — Curious State- ment — 7'ne Bristol Mercury publishes tbe following, Signed " Omega" " It may not ba generally kuown that colonial l-lshopries' "¥re 'marketable commodities — that they aro sold and bought liko presentations to ordinary bene fices I am in n position to prove that the bishopric of was sold through for L350U, nnd I have been myself "offered tne bishopric of for L2500. I have re fused the bishopric solely on the ground of tho impropriety of purchasing nn office In the mi nistry. I do not believe iu tho simony (mnrall- « one wfcRa pttreLMl benefice. But to purchase the office by which tho Holy Ghost is ministerially imparted Is, V my oplni >n, tho bleniieal slu of Simon Msgiis. And tbls U what is done In tho matter of colonial bishopries. Will nny ono assist la prosecuting tbe offending parties 1 Colonial bishops ore, In my opinion, a travesty— a parody. Any man, thirty years old, In priest's oiders, with a decent character, nnd L3009 or moro to rparo, can get himself dubbed tho Rfvht Rovpremt f l... T n.,t Blriiop of . And thus our country is filled with a number of men who, by their grand 1 uffiee,' go out to thslr ' sees,' deliver a ' charge' or two, and then corae homo snd become greet swells. O temporal O vtorcs ! I am certain the good men of our Chucti are not nwara ef' thls —and particularly our excellent bishop. It ought fo ba known unlvtraally." Mr. Dickens Is about to commence an entirely new series of " All the Year Round," tbe first number of which will appear on tho 28th ol November next. Tho annual Christmas number Is to he discontinued— a determination all tho more unexpected, because of the extra- ordinary popularity ol " No Thoroughfare." Mr. Dlckcus alludes to tbls popularity In his ad dress. He has resolved to abolish It, be says, at the highest tide of lu success his reason being that the extra Chrtatuia9 number hos now been so extensively, and regularly, and often Imitated, thot it is In vory great danger of be coming tiresome. 