GAWLER INSTITUTE. The arrival of the tenth anniversary of the Gawlqrer Institute was celebrated during the past week by an amateurt^wawiienr evening entertainment, which was as successful as even the most sanguine of its promoters could have anticipated. The audience was, notwithstanding the dull times, both large and appreciative, and the performers went through the parts which had undertaken with general ease and accuracy , whilst in in- dividual instances the ordinary status of amateur excellence was far surpassed. These was (sic) a long and varied programme, but under the influence ofthe attractions presented we question whether any one of the assembled company thought it either long, or in any degree wearisome ; indeed, although song succeeded recita- tion,and dramatic impersonation followed closely upon music, so swiftly sped away the evening hours that at the close of the entertainment it was to the surprise of many that the night was discovered to be so far advanced. The Institute Committee had somewhat contributed to the success of the proceedings by the admirable arrangements made for the comfort aad accommodation of the artists, the stage being erected at the entrance of the hall, thus allowing the use of the small ante-room as a green room. This remedied what has been felt to be a serious inconvenience on previous occa- sions ; the want of a suitable retiring room having been always a great draw- back when the stage was fixed at the further end of the building. The room was quite as well filled as it conveniently could be, and a number of persons, being unable to find seats, lined the passage throughout the whole of the entertainment. The President of the Institute (James Martin, Esq., M. P.) did not take the chair, as there was not one to take, but he opened the proceedings with a few kindly words of welcome to those present, and expressed his gratifi- cation at seeing so large a company assembled. After this he retired from the stage, and took his seat in the body of the hall, when the Gawler Volunteer Band commenced with an overture. Gawler is more fortunate in this respect than 'Tom Hood's Village,' which, it will be recollected, amongst all its its menage did not possess a brass band. The members of the Gawler Band, with great kindness and consideration, always place their services at the disposal of their fellow-townsmen, when they can be of service, and for this reason, combined with the excellence which the consider- able amount of practice they have now had has enabled them, to attain, they may be assured they would be a very much inissed institution in the place. Dr. Nott then appeared on the platform and spoke the following prologue:— Ladies and gentlemen— We indulgence ask While striving to fulfil a pleasing task. Old stagers and new this night their powers essay To while, with 'pleasure, a few short hours away. ? * All tastes and humors we've striven to consult ; It rests with you to say with what result. The grave, the gay, the lively, the severe, Each, in the programme, in their turn appear. Our Institute Museum supplies a 'Chough and Crow,' With 'Butterflies and Flowers,' and a 'Bara Avis,' too. For those whose legal notions are attuned to litigation. We've 'Portia' and 'Old Shylock' in a critical situation. With us all early risers may the "smiling morning hail," While late, ones 'o'er the moonlit sea' at eventide may sail. A tale of her own true have the ' Gipsy Coun- tess" tells; And 'Just before the battle, mother,' like an anthem swells. For those who like to trip it on the light fantastic toe "We'll have a little dance to-night" is just the thing, you know. Others whose inclinations tend towards a hearty laugh With 'Pickwick' and 'Bob Sawyer' a glass of Punch may quaff. And now to tell you a secret, for your especial gratification, We've caught a rale live Irish gentleman, who was present at 'the Coronation.' And, to show we've not forgotten our Prince's visit here. We'll greet his Royal Mother's name with a loud Australian cheer. And every heart will beat with love and joy ween. And join with us right loyally as we shout 'God Save the Queen.' The glee of the 'Chough and Crow' was then very well rendered by the members of the Church and Independent choirs in the town. These are enabled by their power and proficiency to at any time give a capital concert, and therefore in this case it may well be supposed they render most valuable assistance. This was followed by a recitation, ' The Seven Ages of Man,' given by the worthy Vice- President of the Institute . (Mr. E. S. Burkitt) ; after which Mr. C. G. Roedi- ger sang ' Ah che la Morte,' and both efforts were received with applause. Mr. Laffin gave a recitation, ' Ask Mamma,' and then the Misses Hopkins and Nott sang a charming trio called ' Sweet ruddy morn.' Miss Hopkins has a splendid contralto voice, and she sang her part in a style of finished excellence, which quite equals much professional art. Her sister has a sweet-toned soprano voice, which in time will, we have no doubt, so develope itself as to admirably accompany that of Miss Hop- kins. This trio was loudly applauded, and it was succeeded by a recitation, after which came 'We'll have a little dance to-night,' given by the associated choirs in so plaesing a manner as to con- vey the impression that when when they like to turn their attention to secular music they are fully, as au fait at it as they are at sacred. It was deservedly encored, and then Miss Hopkins and Mr. Roediger sang a duet, 'The Gipsy Countess.' ; which was followed by an impersonation ??? from Shakespeare's 'Merchant of Venicew," Dr. Nott was Shylock, and acted the scoundrel Jew to perfection ; Mr. Hopkins was the young L.l.D., and these two characteers were therefore ad- mirably sustained. This brought the first part of the entertairpnent to a close, and an interval took place of which several person availed themselves to ob- tain a little of the fresh outside air. When the interval had elapsed, as in the first part of the entertainment, the band commenced with an overture; after which the associated choirs gave the ever-favorite glee, ' Hail smiling morn.' Their execution was, as previously, ad- mirable, and the powerful soprano voices of two of the young ladies attracted par- ticular attention, and were much admired, This piece was, as ^deserved to be, en- cored, and with such vigor was the rede- mand made that the performers were forced to accede. Then came the amus- ing dialogue between Launce and Speed, sustained by Messrs. Nott and Hopkins. PJlJff flllA ^ItA oll^innAA «M*m vuVttUUACUVrQ fCl J WUUUj and was encored, but havingsome regard to the hour of £he night, the perlbrmers did not comply with the request. To this succeeded -the duet of ' Mbwers and Butterflies' by Misses Hopkins and ifott, which- was much applauded and extcored, A recitation given -y Mr. Giles followed from the ' Ligoldsby Legends,' which Was also redemsnded, Mr. Eoediger then gave a German song, and Br. Notfc a recitation, after which Mr 'R/ioHimn assisted Miss Hopkins in the beautiful duet, ' Come o'er the moonlitaea.' Very rarely has this duet been heard under more favorable circumstances, and the audience fully appreciated the musical' toeat which had been prepared for them. At its close it was encored with such vehemence that there was nothing for the artists to do but reappear, which, they did and sang another duet in a not less pleasing manner. than thev had, tha preceding one. The ohoir then gave that favorite plaintive air, ' Just before the battle, Mother,' which was received with a burst of cheering. Then came what was modestly described as a ' poly logue,' but what would be described in theatrical language as a ' screaming farce.' Charles Dickens's amusing account of Bob Sawyer's evening party had been dramatised for the occasion, and most hearty was the amusement it caused and the laughter which it pro- voked. Dr. Nott made a capital Mr. Pickwick, whilst Mr. Giles as the "slavey" was equally good. Mr. Hopkins * ? 'J ? J Q- *?** » ?MV^UIUO ot eouree was Hopkins, and the manner in which he chucked the slavey under the chin caused Mr. Pickwick to frown through his spectacles in an exceedingly proper yet amusing manner. After the laughter at the finale of the unlucky and much-persecuted, Mr. Bob Sawyer's party had subsided, Mr. Hopkins spoke the following epilogue - To speak an epilogue — -to do it well — - « uvi ou uhsk, wiooga it may seem so To many who in the 'Modern Athene' dwell. The fic≤ patron memory ?— the speaker's memory I mean-— May play him false — may quit it's post — - And than^ alafi l for^more ttian once I've seen A speaker rush from the platform, pale as a ghost, The genuine orthodox ghost— not Pepper's. un, dear no— that ghost — that awful' spectral form, ? To which a worthy Canon late refeerel, . Aad for which— poor gent— he suffered night mayor (Pardon the pun) of which of course you heard. But, tempnsfugit, I am standing here Not to talk of ghosts^ and things so queer; But simply in a plain, blunt way To thank you. And give me leave to say - That the audience assembled here to-night Evidences a fact long brought to light, That the ' second city in the colony,' par eminence. Js the abode of fashion and intelligence. 'But,' tut, tat, tut! This really will not do, I'm flittering now Instead Of you. We thank you kindly for your patronage, ?or fruitless^iar exertions would be. If withheld weTe' your welc&ma; attandaiwij ~ And your* warm, considerate sympathy ; Tour indulgence too, our gratitude demands-* Your ioduknom n- 0«uaL And Hnil— For without it our task would be hard : it's hardness we do not now mind. Our shortcomings we deeply regret ; But. we know in your goodness you'll say That yon pardon ctU onr several Vltej| In your generous, forgiving way — That you pardon us because we're young— Young to the stage, young to fame; Novices at the work we've done Done 'tis true ; but Oh i- how. tame. Well, we're done our best, you'll grant us The best can do no more; And I — poor I— have done my boat. My Epilogue is o'er. Ones more we tender you our tha wing And wish you all good night Good night 1 pleasant dreams, and sweet repose— Good night, ''Athenians !' goodnight. This being well delivered, and clearly articulated, was loudly applauded. God Save the Queen was then sung by the whole strength of the company, and the assembly dispersed. We believe the general verdict upon the performance was highly complimentary to the ama- teurs, and with Mr. Ferguson, who kindly lent his piano for the occasion, and Mr. Cranz, who principally presided at it in his usual able manner, they had, as they deserved, the thanks of their fellow-townspeople, to whom they had afforded the opportunity of spending so pleasant and agreeable an evening. = One great fault in the present War-offioe arrangements is tiiat there is no consistency or cohesion between its parts. There is i tradition concerning a clerk in the War-ofhco who onee wanted a peg whereon to hm»g hia hat. To save the expense cf a carpemter ha «W^d for a hammer and a nail with which to drive it m -hiotselL Six before ha received any answer to his nane^. aadhehad longagoset upapeg of hia Own,' when/a special meBsengear from the Tew^ arrived in Pa&-4aaH with a hammer sent to him atlaattis^ughthemediamof wiohj an&aft-;*r * *-. — i V '.'*»« uponius* waiting, they i really did arrive— a pound of nails, brought by a great ambulance wagon with its half-dosea 1 horses and Its dozen a'Menj$Bts.-T Sieamser. ' - ' ~ js 