THE SYNOD OF THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND. i-i ? A number of clergymen and laymen purporting to represent what is called the Established Church in Sydney and the ad jacent territory, assembled under the above title during part of last week and this, to deliberate on matters of intei'est to that section of the community. We should in no way refer to it, but for the opening ad dress of Bishop Barker, and another speech of the same Rev. gentleman at the ' Visitation' which preceded the meeting of the Synod. In both speeches certain principles and opinions have particularly struck us, as of rather an extraordinary character. There, against all theology and philosophy, notwithstanding the lessons of history and in opposition to all the tendencies of the age, Bishop Barker as serted the soundness and necessity . of the supremacy of the State in matters of faith and church constitution. The first Re formers indeed substituted the civil power for the Church, as an authority binding the consciences of men, and thus lessened the dignity and dimin ished the liberty of man considered as a Christian and a member of civil society. On the one hand, they proclaimed the ab surd doctrine of the absolute right of pri vate judgment in matters of religion, thus opening the way to fatal error, affecting not only religion, but every department of life. Casting away traditions and the Church's judicial authority, to retain only the Bible, they first deprived the word of God of its necessary complement and in terpretor, and then mutilated even the sacred book, tortured its every word, and substituted for its divine sense their own weak and ever-changing interpretations, following in reality not the dictates of the Divine Wisdom, but their own foolish and sacrilegious devices. On the other hand, they subjected conscience to the despotic will of the ruler, or, as it has come to in our times, to the caprices, or temporary exigencies of a small set of men who from behind the throne and under the mask of a vain title, really wield the power. Thus religion has been degraded to the condition of a mere creature of the State, and a branch of the service, to be supported and governed like the army and navy. Bishop Barker knows that, and he is content with this vassalage imposed upon his church by the civil power. He sees into what discredit have fallen all the State churches through out Europe, the efforts made by the most illustrious members of his communion and those of the other sects to emerere from the thraldom of this debasing autocracy. He is aware of all this and still he can say that 'the Queen's supremacy is a strong firm, yet easy bond by which the unity of the faith is maintained in the Church of England throughout the world !' It is true that the Queen and her successors must be Protestant, perhaps, of that par ticular form of Protestantism, the Church jof England, or lose her, or their, rights to the throne. What follows ? but that after ail tne conscience oi tne rulers is no less bound than that of the subjects in proud England, and all ends in the most hideous j because most hypocritical servitude. The pastoral address of the eighty-twe bishops who assembled in September last at the Lambeth Conference, and agreed to disagree on the Word of God, provided I it should be sought only in the Bible, was j then read, and received most cordially and I thankfully. In concurrence with his Rev. J correspondents, the Bishop spoke of the I ' universal sovereignty claimed by the See I of Rome, and the adoration of the Virgin ' Mary as errors most worthy of condemna tion,' thus verifying the holy saving, that if blind men are led by blind men, they':all nmst fall into the same pit. The Church claims the exercise of this right, because she received it from Christ, because she can demonstrate to' every man, who is not judi vnuiy uiniu, uiu uivine origin oi Her mis sion, because her title to be regarded ag the infallible teacher of truth is indis putable ; and because the articles of faith revealed by Christ and taught by her, as they transcend the sphere of the natural intellect of man, ought rest, and do rest, upon an intrinsic authority so weighty, that a reasonable man, who is willing to confess the truth, not only can/but must, yield, not a blind, but an intellectual, and — by the grace of Christ, whinli n.lwn.vs ac companies the authorized preaching of the Word of God— a saving assent to them. But Bishop Barker prefers betraying the entire supremacy of mind, soul and body, to the State, provided the State be himself and his associates ! As for this 'Mario! atry' so abominable in the eyes of this good Christian, what trace does he find of it in the teaching or prac tice of the Catholic Church? True, we honour the Divine Mother of God, with a respect although far transcending that with which we honor the Saints, but infinitely ' . inferior to that homage we render to God'. We adore God, but we venerate her whom he choose to be the vessel of Ms election and grace, his co-operatrice in the work of our Redemption. We pray to Mary, not that she may of herself give us the gracb we need, nor of her own .merits save, us, but because we know from God's own lips that her intercession is omnipotent upon him, and that lie loves to make her the channel of his most powerful graces and highest favors.. But Protestants are so sparing of their honor and love to Christ; that they cannot afford to honor and love his Mother. An archangel salutes her as full of grace, he calls her blessed among women ; the Holy Ghost overshadows her and Christ gives, her the grandest and. sweetest name mortal . language is adorned with, but Protestants assure us that she i« only ' an ordinary woman.' . What else could be expected from men who have banished priests, altars, and sacrifices from the earth, and turned it into a dreary wilderness, where man mea sures his faith and love to God ? Do they not profess to have done, enough in return for Christ's love when they confess he died for us the death of the Cross? But, ' Jewel and Hooker have never spoken of sacrificing priests, or of spiritual judges ; and, next to the Scriptures, there is no authority that the members of the Church of England are more bound to regard with reverence than these two divines.' To such insane words, what other answer can be given but the prayer of dying Christ :- ' Father, forgive him, for he knows not what he says !' - ' This most strange speech was crowned by a charge against the enemies of the Established Church of Ireland, which the rev. gentleman said, ' is being sacrificed to gratify peisonal and political ambition.' ' The people of Ireland,' he added, ' have no great cause of complaint against the Irish Church.' Ireland has, indeed, no more just cause of complaint against this establishment than Prometheus, bound on his rock by the tyrant of fabled Olympus, had against the vulture incessantly gnaw people already crushed down by centuries of war and tyranny ; but still breathing and hoping, because of the Holy Faith they had received from their fathers, and wliicH comforted them in their sufferings. It pleased one of the vilest tyrants the world ever was a prey to, in a fit of lust, to change his religion and that of the country God had chastised by making him its ruler. His daughter — fit offspring for such a monster, declared the new faith her own, that oi her parliament and all her loyal subjects. Then forming with them a church, of which she was the supreme head, she established it by law and endowed with 'this bed of Procustes her 'beloved Ireland.' Catholic Bishops, priests, monkfj, nuns and laymen. were slaughtered by hun dreds and thousands because, choosing to obey God rather than men, they refused to apostatize. The number of martyrs was so great that Bacon, one of the celebrities} of Protestantism, in a work often cited as a sign of the progress of sciences unfettered by Church authority, could write, speak ing of a magical ointment which he strongly recommends. 'This ointment must lo« . ? .? . ??„..???_.??. Mil ^ffii^©ii'Tr-we..-g^SvaJp^;^ti;iotstragge.i.an^.1 .-j^cene' ingredients — 'and a certain ,in.Qss Y' which grows on the skull of a humai; ^Corpse left unburied. Some of these ini vgredients may be hard to meet with in ''.their purity, but as for the last it is ceiS ^iain that loads of it can be found in Ire^ -\iand on the corpses thrown in heaps on the ; road sides.' (Sylva Sylvarum, cent, x. ??%:, 998.)- 'Who has not heard of the rivers ? '( cjf blood that flowed at the time o£ the es Itablishrneiit of the Irish Church? Who 'does not know the devastation and ruin ' that marked its progress through the land 1 ? Oblleges, convents, churches, lands and .treasures were rallasred. or torn violentlv 'from the Catholics and given to the ' Irish'' ?Church: The poor who before lived on the 'alms of the Catholic Church had to die of starvation, or under the hands of the flog gers, or in the crowded jails of their Bri tish' tyrants. AH must work and .strive to -pay . for the maintenance of these new ;shepherds who came not to feed but to fleees the flock. For more than a century jihe work thus went; on, and if the law ?in/our days is at least apparently not so cruel, who does not know under what an immense weight of thraldom, j-he heart pf Ireland heaves still because of this Irish Church which has 'become the shame of England and the occasion of an universal hue and cry ..against her! Yet,. Bishop Barker thinks that the people of Ireland have no just cause of complaint against it? However, this reverend poli tician makes a curious admission ; but we must quote his own words :'.: - - '..? 'No doubt the Church, in Ireland had much to answer for; it had been too commonly regarded a3 a political engine ; perhaps the iniquities of early days were receiving a just reward, but of lace years the Irish Church had contained a body ol men, wno lor zeal, energy, and self-denial were unsurpassed by any body of men in the world. I*; might bo the will of God to purify his church. Spiritually the zeal of the clergy would not bo lessened ; and if the influence of the Church of Rome should be for a time extended by this Act, they might derive conso lation from the fact that thus the prophetic words were in course of fulfilment, and the time of the end drawing nigh.' So that when the act is passed, when every Vody, even its present greatest opponents, reeonciled to it by some compensation or other, shall : praise its justice and expedi ency, Bishop Barker like bur two ; con temporaries, when the Treason Felony Act jfciad received the censure of all Europe, will boast that he always found fault with the establishment. 'When a ship is about to, sink, it is said that even the rats abandon it. ,The comparison perhaps is not in the heroic style, but worse than this are' now admitted . in University orations, and be sides it seems to us exceedingly appro priate. : ? 