CHRISTCHURCH SCHOOLROOM. The foundation-stone of Christchurch School, roam was laid on Saturday afternoon, Septem- ber 26, by Mrs. Hamley, the lady of His Ex- cellency the Acting Governor. The site of the proposed building is in Jeffcott-street, nearly opposite Christchurch, and it was indicated by a number of gay flags. The fime fixed for the ceremony was half-past 3 o'clock, and as that time approached a very large number of persons, including many influential lady and gentleman colonists assembled. Just prior to the cere- mony a number of the Sunday-school scholars marched from the church of the western boun- dary of the new school-room, where a platform was erected for their accommodation. A num- ber of clergyman-the Very Rev. the Dean, the Venerable Archdeacon Marryat, Revs. G. Dove, D. J. H. Ibbetson, J. Pollitt, H. M. Pollitt, G. Dove, H. Hewitt, T. R. Neville, -Green, -Jenkins, F. Garrett, and W. B. Andrews-also took up a position within the rope lines, and shortly afterwards His Excel-lency and Mrs. Hamley, accompanied by His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide (Dr. Short), the Rev. Canon Fare, Mrs. Short, Miss Short, and a large party of ladies and gentlemen arrived from Bishop's Court. An order of service for laying the foundation- stone of the school, which had been prepared for the occasion, was then commenced. Hymn 164 was sung, and the 122 psalm was chanted, after which the Ven. Archdeacon read prayers. Psalm 127 having been chanted, the Ven Archdeacon read a document of which the following is a copy:- "The foundation- stone of Christchurch School was laid in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, on Satur-day, the 26th day of September, A.D. 1868, by Mrs. Hamley, wife of His Excellency the Acting Governor, in the 32nd year of the reign of Queen Victoria, in the 22nd Episco- pate of Augustus, Lord Bishop of Adelaide, and in the 32nd of the foundation of the colony ; Colonel Hamley, 50th Regiment (Queen's Own) being Acting Governor of this province; Charles Marryat, M.A., Archdeacon of Ade- laide, being Incumbent of Christchurch ; J. Winnall, J. S. Bellhouse, Wardens ; Messrs. Mitchell, Wicksteed, and Gawler, Sidesmen ; Messrs. F. Sanderson, Bath, W. A. Hughes, and G. Young. Synodsmen ; the Lord Bishop, M. MacDermott, H. Gawler, W. Bartley, F. J. Anderson, Trustees Of this school Archdeacon Marryat, Messrs. F. J. Sanderson, J. Winnall, J. S. Bellhouse were the building committee ; Messrs Wright, Woods & Hamilton, architects ; G. Gradley, builder. God bless the Church. God save the Queen." The document was then placed in a bottle, which was deposited in a cavity, and the stone having been partly lowered, Mrs. Hamley spread the mortar with a silver trowel, pre- sented to her on the occasion, and the stone having been embedded in the mortar and adjusted, Mrs. Hamley gave the orthodox taps with a mallet and said, "I declare this stone to be well and truly laid, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." After prayer a collection was made, the Archdeacon intimating that £500 was re- quired to complete the building, and during this interval the 229th hymn was sung. Prayer followed, after which the Ven. Archdeacon sug- which although a prayer for those in peril at sea, might appropriately be sung on that occasion, when two ladies (Mrs. and Miss Short, who had recently been upon the sea were amongst them that day. The hymn having been sung accordingly, His Lord-ship the Bishop said he thanked the Archdeacon and Incumbent of that parish for his kind allusion to the return to these shores of his dear wife and daughter. He could not but feel doubly thankful not only for his domestic happiness being so much increased, by the return of those nearest and dearest to him, but also because they had returned in time to be present on the auspicious occasion of laying the foundation-stone of a school for the instruction of future young Australians. God was the foun dation of all happiness, and there was no happi- ness without goodness. Having enlarged this thought, His Lordship said there was another subject in the selection of the Psalms that day. It was that peace might be within these walls and pleasanteous be within these palaces. Oh ! what would this world without that peace within issuing in peace without ? and how could they expect a blessing on their efforts, temporal, spiritual, or ecclesiastical, unless the peace of God was shed abroad in their hearts ? As God in His mercy had brought in safety to their haven those whom he loved dearest on earth so he trusted that that would be an omen that He would also speak peace to the troubled heart and still the waters and waves which had carried some little trouble into their com- munity. Let them bury all the past in the present. Let them forget everything which had given them offence. Looking at the objects for which the building they had com- menced was dessigned, he prayed that peace might abide within those walls, and great plenteousness, and that the new schoolroom be made a great blessing. During His Lord ship's address, a lady was taken suddenly ill and had to be carried away, which caused a little excitement for a short time. His Lordship having pronounced the blessing, the formal pro- ceedings terminated. Before separating, how- ever, hearty cheers were given for His Excel- lency Lieut.-Colonel Hamley. It may here be re- marked that the interior dimensions of the new structure will be 60 x 30 x 25 feet high. It will be built of rubble stone with brick dress- ings. There will be a porch and a verandah on the east end facing the street, and a three-light window above. A bellcote spire will be built at the south-east corner. The estimated cost is £970, and it is expected to be completed in about three months. Messrs. Wright, Woods, and Hamilton are the architects, and Mr. George Bradley the contractor. The amount realised by the collection was between £34 and £35. 