THE COUNTRY. ——— : ——— [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] Avoca, 9th December. An accident occurred in the New Holland Company claim, Avoca, this afternoon. The tubing of the boiler in No. 1 shaft burst, destroying the engine-house. Happily no lives were lost. A man was killed today at the Pyrenees Saw Mills. He has left a wife and five children. A COUNTY COURT is to be held for the future in Mortlake once at least in every six months. THE proprietors of the Wagga Wagga Advertiser have offered a prize of one hundred guineas for the best essay on the future land policy of New South Wales. IT said that the farmers at Baringhup have been unable to get hands during the past week. They are offering 5s and 6s a day, with good rations. THE erection of a telegraph line from Bairns- dale to Sale is likely to be proceeded with shortly, as we understand a tender for the work was accepted on Saturday. On Monday Morning the valuable entire horse Wrestler, belonging to Messrs Ogilvy, of Ascot, died. Death was caused by the inflamed state of- toe stomach. The loss to the owner is heavy, Wrestler being a favorite, sire, a prize- taker, and was valued at £700. It is rumored that in the event of a disso Wm lution, the seat in the next Parliament for the electoral district bf .'Balranald,' which includes S- Hay, will be contested by Mr Peter Tyson. ||j ? Hie prospects of success are looked upon as S4 . considerable. ' ' ,: H'f On the other side of the Murray, in the H Albury district, it seems that the selectors are fflL impounding very extensively, being compelled mm* to do bo inconsequence of the large numbers m&L; of ' travelling sheep and ; stray stock passing S through, their selections. '/ , ' ' §11 . A Singular Case of accidental death oo B curred at the Benevolent Asylum, Castlemairie, » - on' Monday;;' '''While an inmate named John wB Woodward was eating his dinner, a piece of III meat stuck in. hiaKthroatj and the inmates were SB unable to 'rerhbve it. He died in about a raa- quarter of ari' hour. :' ' ' ... S The :. Gipps' Ldn&: Times says that rumors Hf§ are afloat about 'the expected visit of some of S the members of the ; Ministry to ; Gipps Land. I 11 The itnpressiori is that' the Minister of Justice |i an$ the Poatma8tef;General intend to1 visit HI 4 that district, probably by sea, and thence cross '. HI the Alpcbn to the Beebhworth district. In m i formation has been given to' the same journal HP to the effect that the President of ; the Board of ||| Land and Works and the Minister of Justice §§f are expected at Walhalla in a few days,; and §11 that great, preparations are being made for 1|| their reception. ; : '.' : ' ''-''-!; .'].'''' \\[': mm Mi J. S; Milleb, of Myrtle Creek, writes to H the' Ddylesford Metcury that he was bitten.in §§§! the arm by a'brbwn snake, about four feet long; i§§ on the 25th: November. Mr Miller cured' him-' WB eelf by the following recipe :— Take from 15 to H- 20'drops liq\ driimpn. 'fqrtis ina wine 'glassful of |H . epirits, biandy or whiskey, and abo'uVthe same §§§ of water, every 'twenl^ minutes until relief is: |||L obtained ;' then i lessen the dose ? to ; 10' drops ; ill every hour or ''bo; For children half the qnari'-: Ifi tity would be ?enough, and keep them, from , S Bleeping until they are butof danger; ' ;; ; \ ;- III Fight with a SNAKE.-^-pn Saturday evening ? wm (says the Southern! Argus) 'a 'son of 'Michael H- l Delahy.agedBixteen; who resides with his father Wst. onMr Zbuoh's'farm at the Yass River, was, S » wh'ile working in a field on the bank of the m river, attacked by a huge snake,. which caught W ? hold of his trousers at the knee and took a !| ? piece of them away. , The criep of the lad Hf attracted abveral persons, and his father was_ B the first to run to hie assistance, who upon H- hearing his son cry but 'a shake,' seized a g| largehoe jmd ran up ; but as he came hear, to . I H where his son was standing, the snake became |H - iorionsly road and rushed at the father. Aregular S ? battle now. took place between the father- and §1 the snate.. As he would make a blow with the ij ' hoe at the snakei it would take a spring and m leap higher than hie head, twisting itself into m various attitudes, thus bespeaking the manner S ~ in wnieh it waBenraged. After seven or eight S faltie blows, Delahy Bucceededin disabling the |||-, monster, which when killed measured a little |||, ov«r eight feet, and wns of the brown Bpecies. S. It iB believed, that the cause of the snake's II anger and disposition to .show, fight was po m caaioned by its nest haying been disturbod on B , the previous day, and the', eggs broken. We be ll , lieve that this snake makes the ninth that has H been killed near the sarnie place this year. , / B A cobbespondent, writing fromEchuca on M the 3rd insjt., says :— Harvest has fairly com H.' menced inCorop and neighborhood, but there §|| is a dearth of labor owing to the great' Spring Wm Creek rush, which is taking all surplus hands. Wm 'Wages are ruling high in consequence. The S, wheat crop is somewhat thin and short in 111' atraw, but the eariB good. The area of Dig |H , gerais attracting ? attention now. It has not mi hitherto been looked upon with favor owing to H the great want : of water, but Messrs Burgoyne |||§ ondHaines, who may be called the pioneers in » this agricultural area, have succeeded in tap m ping excellent water by sinking wells from 100 || * to 120 feet. OtherB are following their example » , ?with equal success, hence the impetus given to |H J seleotion in this quarter. The crops, too, in mi '' Dlggora,. are pretty good, notwithstanding the S grasshopper plague. These insects canfined H '- their attention to destroying the suoculent flag H , leaf of the wheat, which, coupled with its being 11 both thin and short, gives it a strange appear §§i once, the ear and the short naked stalk, only Hi being visible. The yield, it is anticipated, will S not bo bad, as the ear is good, In the absence H* orBufScienthelp to buid after the reaper, Wm. the farmera are, turning their attention H to -the Adelaide stripper, which is likely to ill prove the moBt effectual this very hot and dry H| . season. The straw under the scorching sun PI becomes too crisp, and the corn is liable to i| Bhake out, in which case the. Adelaide stripper §11 renders effioient service. At Kochester the Si other day a whirlwind etruok Mr Reward's new m ' hotel and lifted the roof completely off, raising iff1 it bodily some thirty or forty feet, and then al letting it drop, smashing it into fragments, l^' aome of which wore again taken up and carried A ? a distance of a quarter of a mile. In proof *y ?' of the great force of this whirlwind, it may be ^.i ' mentioned that tho boarded ceilings and j-^j mouldings which were attached to the frame l r work of the roof were lifted up, wall plates acd »'-:' all, in one whole, without displacing a briok, and, strange to say, only cracked one pane of glass. It then levelled two or three tress, and no more wbb heard of it. The new flour mill at Rochester ia bo far completed that the roof is king put on. It ia reported that great -finds -of copper have been made ninety .miles northi. of Port Augusta, S. A. ?.!.???? '. ' : A veby. old resident of : Albury, Mr Edward Crisp, desoribed: as. 'one of the fathers' of that town, died on the 29th ult. ..'?,'.. A: pew days ago, a lady wheeling a peram bulator through Main^treet, Chiltern, :ran it over a snake; She managed to get away safely, but the snake left the marks of its teeth on the wheel of the perambulator. Cobb and Co.'s M'Ivob Coach, in coming into Sandhurst on Thursday , 3rd inst., met' with an accident by the falling of one of the poles, some severe injuries were 'received Dy the horses, and the pole was broken. No other damage was done. ? *? : It is proposed that subscriptioaB for the purpose of presenting a testimonial to Mr Robertson, the Premier of New South Wales, shall: commence in the Albury district after the harvest, and that a public meeting shall be called for the purpose of ^organising the affair. ? . ? ? .?:? ?.; ?: v:-. ?'???-. ? : Of some cigars made in the Albury district, the Border Post says : — ' In manufacture and in flavor they will compare favorably, with the imported article, and we consider the judges know what they wereabout when they, awarded a prize to these' cigars at the last agricultural Bhow.' ? ; John M' Cobmick, a miner, residing at the , Black- hill, Ballarat, sustained some severe injuries while working in the Consols No. 2 shaft, on 2nd inst. A prop gave way and fell upon him, causing a concussion of the brain and bruises to the thighs. - The poor fellow was removed to tho hospitals Considebable excitement, says the Alex andra Times oi the 3rd inst., waB created last night hv our township by the arrival from. Godfrey's , Creek of a nugget weighing - 64 oz . 10 ldwt 3gr of solid gold, , which was placedin ;the Commercial Bank. The fortunate .finder is a man named Charlie Edwards, a Wood's Pointer. ??'-??? An Inquest was held on the 2nd inst., at the Campaspe. Hotel, Axedale, on the' body of a man named George Lane, who died suddenly during the previous night, at a: beershop kept by a widow of the name of Avery. The jury found that the deceased, who had beenaddioted to intemperance, had died from congestion of the brain arid lungs. ! -; ?'?-?: ??? ;' A few days since a cow was killed at the Sandhurst slaughter yards, from the -stomach of which the remains of a tolerably large snake was-extracted. - The snake had been somewhat altered in form by the digestive powers of the cow— unused to digest such etrange and unna tural food— and when taken out was in form and size like a man's hand. ? ? ? ' ; 'VYestebdaYjV says the Ballarat Courier of Saturday, 'candidates for the civil service ex amination, to the number of twenty -ithree, as- : aeinbled in the Western Police Court.: iMany of the candidates were boys, while others had reached man's estate. Mr Warden Sherard conducted the business of the day. with due vigilance;' ' '?:-?? .'. For more than a week past two special goods trains, in addition to the three regular ones, have been despatched daily from the Geelong station for: :Ballarat. Yenterday, : says, the Register of Saturday, on visiting the goods der partment, we found the platform bo filled with inercaandise, sugar, flour; oats, iron, &c;, &c;, that transit was all but an impossibility, and the amount of business- being transacted '/was something remarkable. This speaks: well for the trade of Geelong, and sufficiently shows. . the necessity for increased accommodation for the traffic. . . . \ ;_?. ?;???, ? ,:?- n ..-.'?.: :, Last week: an unfortunate man was-: found dead, with his throat cut, in a paddock! near the tbwnship of Koroit. 'At the. inquest held on the body, it was considered quite immaterial,' says a correspondent of the Hamilton Specta tor, ?'?' to ascertain whether the man had killed himself,^ or whether a kind friend had done it fbr him.' it appears tEat his having been sus pected of an attempt at suioide at some pre vious period of his life precluded .the pro bability of. his ever being killed by anyone, else. The fact of the: mau having resided for some time in Belfast appeared to the jury a satisfactory cause of his .insanity; but whether he was starving for want of work, , or whether he was a repentant Loyal ijiberal disgusted with . the . present aspect . of political'offinra, it was not ondeavpred to find out. A verdict of solf- destmction -was re turned, on what ground or whdl the object of, the iuqueBt was (except the coroner's fee) are things which, as Lord Dundreary beautifully observes.,' no fella oan understand. '.. :iMoxol~, .; ; Kattlehis bonosover the Btones/ ;-,,;(-.,:? .,?? ? . .: ; For he's only a p^ujier whom nobody ow.ns. Ii have just heard that, ano|he'r; man named EvanB has been found dead on the road ; near' the lake. The coroner may, by way of a ohnnge, endeavor to ascertain why he died.' One of those painful cases which reveal the unhealthy state of morals came ' before i the Sandhurst Court of General Seasions on the 4th' inst, in the shape of an appeal. It will be in niemory', says the Advertiser, that by the;pqlice benoh' a girl named Annie Harriaon was sen tenced to six months' imprisonment, on the 14th October last, for having no lawful means of support.; Against this decision of the po lice court benoh she appealed. As soon as the case waB called, nearly every, European uieared out of court, which was soon filled with a crowd of hideous Chinamen, all eyea; for the appearance of the appellant ; (defendant . in the court below), a really prepossessing young girl of- eighteen, an orphan.' His Honor Judge Skinner was in; tensely indignant at the taking posession bf the court by the Celestials, and spoke in the very strongest terms about the desecration of an English girl, arid a Christian being made the' centre of attraction for such an assemblage of bratos. Mr. Martley supported the appeal with an ability worthy of a better cause. The poor girl'8 history, as revealed at the trial, was a most painful one. It seems since quite a child she has been surrendered to the Chines*, although a girl o I very considerable personal attractions. Some time since shobecame servant to a Christian Chinaman, a storekeeper at Castlemaine, but was taken away from his service by Ah Chuo, a repulBiVe looking man, whose extreme ugliness contrasted painfully with the beauty of the poor girl. Daring the case his Honor eloquently appealed to her to alter her' course of life and romember those lessons which she must have once learned from a; Christian mother. She was extremely af foctod, and wept bitterly several times. His Honor was for confirming the sentence of the court below, as he thought anything better than letting the girl into tho hands of the hideous crowd in court; but Mr Martley de manded a special case to be stated for the Su premo. Court. Bail was refused, . . The Commercial Bank has opened an agenoy at tho' Spring Creek rush. ??'..?? A BitANOH op the National Bank is to be ; opened at Avooa. . . r . ., . Snakes are said. to be dangerously numerous this season in the neighborhood of Steiglitz. Habvestmen are much wanted in the neigh .borhopd of Evansford. ' The Genebal /Sessions for tne county of Grant commenced, on Taesdn-y morning, be fore his Honor Judge Hackett. Lettebs addressed to 'Mr Wolf white beard,' and ' Julius Ctosar, Esq.,' ; are said to be lying at the Albury Post Office. ' Pbayebs -for Kiik were offered up in the churches in the'Cathblic diocese of Gbulburn, N.S.W., on Sundaywe'ek last, Mr ByRNETf; ; tne 'Yorkshire Evangelist, preached ;in ; the Wesleyan Church, Forest street, Saridhurst,' in the morning and evening, on Sunday lasti.; 'The (Behdigo Independent is informed that 'Mr Burnett made five thousand converts to the cause of . temperance at Bat larat, and. about a similar numbar at. Geelong. ? A' MuBRU&iDGEE; Paper says, with reference; to the wild horses in the country on and ad jacent to that river :—' Upon the Narandera run alone' upwards of fifty head were destroyed last week in. the; yards, . as it was not deemed advisable, from what was seeri; of their pacing aibility when outside, to give them another; opportunity of distinguishing themselves., . ! Lake Albert. 'is situated about: fpur.; miles from Wagga' Wagga. .It is remarkable for ; great natural beauty ; arid on one of its pic turesque slopes Mr ,M Leay, has formed an ex tensive vineyard. This has proved a great success, and a looal paper remarks with , refer ence to it, ' there curi no longer be a question .that the district possesses in itself all the es sentials of a wine country.' .'..,/'.,'.,'. ; Two Accidents are reported as having taken place in the neighborhood of Geelong. On Saturday afternoon a youth named , Robert Woods was thrown y?ith violence from his horse, when the horse trampled on him, caus ing a deep flesh wound below the knee, abaut eight incheB long, and tearing, it down, to the. shin bone. On Sunday afternoon a Mr Yates was thrown off his horse, dislocating his collar bone and otherwise hurting himself. A Memobial, with about two hundred sig natures altaohedj has, been sent to Mr M. A. M'Donnell for presentation to the President of the Board of Lands, from the /splittera of ..Wbpdford Forest, stating, that if the splitters ;are confined 'to. half an ,acre of land each,, about fifty families will be compelledto leave theJ forest, as it is only by cultivating, a larger,, area that, they can guard' themselves against fire. They will be content with permission to occupy, and do not ask for any right or title, to the land.7 ;'J,,';...' . '' ')'\\- ,\\- ? ,-.,.,-, The Albury clericysoandalhasiieen brought to a ' satisfactory' conclusion. ..A meeting. ,, of the Presbytery was held at vBeechworth on;the 28th ult, when the committee appointed for, the purpose, having carefully ,' and at great lengtB investigated the charges brought agaipst: the minister of Aibury, brought up their ; re- port. \ This .eritkely exonerated, the 'Rev. Mr . ;Ballantyne, the committee having^ been unable to find a .single -proof oi the^cuth .'of. the stata ments.made to his disparagement.. Mr Ballon-; tyne addressed some explanatory remarks to the the Presbytery, and, it was unanimsly tesolyed, 'Tbat thecomplairit made against the minister at J^lfaiury; is .'totally' without fouqdation, no wit-;' ness; whatever being found., to corroborate, the statements imade. ; That the, presbytery dbolare their unabated confidence in , the character of their minister at Albury, wh!o has faithfully and laboriously; perved the Church for^he long, period of seventeen years; and; farther, that they expi\ ss the deepest sympathy . with him in the trying circumstances in which he has been placed, and declare that in , the interests of common justice it is due, to him to state that no stain attaches to his character. The Presbytery, moreover/ having ascertained that it is ,the intention of the minister of Al bury to proceed with an action at law against certain persons for defamation of character, resolve to request him to rest satisfied with the decision at which the. Presbytery has now ar rived as final, as being the verdiot of the court constitutionally appointed to watch over the moral character of its ministers and members, and while bound to puniah the guilty, ;at the some time equally bound to clear the innocent ; bfeing also amply sufficient for the vindication of his character, and surely as satisfactory, as the .verdict of any civil court whatsoever.' : ; A man, named John Harper, waB murdered' a^ Taylor's woolshed, near Deniliquin, on. thej 21st October, by a shearer named John L:in4say alias Sootty. alias Derwent Nugget, who stabbed him, The murderer managed ;to effect his escape, but a warrant was issued for his, apprehension^ arid the various police sta tipnsiri New South WaleB and the,8istert co lonies .were commuriicated.wijh. ,0a theimpm- ing of the 2nd inBt., mounted constable Terence Dunne, stationed at Whroo, received a telegram from Sydney relative '.'tp'the crime, and on the night of the same day he proceeded to a dancing', saloon at Spring Creek diggings, and arrested a man who he believed , answered the de: Bcription furnished of the murderer. ; ,0a, being asked , his name by the , constable, the; man at first refused to tell it, and, on being, told he was arreBted on suspicion of being a murderer, he demanded to see the warrant. -(He was at once handcuffed, but notwithttanding he. offered considerable resistance to the, officer, . arid appealed to a crowd of persons congre gated, on the spot as to whether he ought, to aocompany the policeman. The, bystanders expressed their determination to compel him to go if he refused, and a miner at once assisted the trooper to, remove him. After a short time he said his name waB John Kelly, and, in reply, to questions from the constable, he admitted he had, been shearing at Mr Winter's station, and was dismissed for using improper ... language., He said he had heard of the man being stabbed,, but that they ' made it all right bofoin he left.' He subsequently confessed he was ?' Nugget,' and added that he was ' Kelly, the black guard, from the other side.' Almost throughout the prisoner offered resistance to constnbla Dunne, but with assistance the officer conveyod him in a cart to the Redcastle lookup. On the 3rd inst. he was Brought; before; the Heathcote bench, and yesterday morning he made his appearance at the City Police Court. The description of the murderer as given in the Police Gazette '. does not tally in every particular with that of the man Arrested, the only corresponding item being that this person has a deformed nose as related of the offender. The murderer is described as a Scotchman, and this person is an Irishman. When before the city bench the prisoner j as tilled his remarks to tho policeman by stating that.he was drunk at tho timo. . Ho w«b, bow ever, remanded till next day. . ' . i '?. v. ' ? ??.''?'.'? -THE-amount-of gold purchased by the banks in the Sandhurst district during the month of November was 18,994 pz 15 dwt. '.'-. : A Mines named .Taylor was killed in Bal lerstedt's claim, Beudigo, on Monday, by fall ing off a ladder a depth of , 70 feet. ,. ? ; A Gentleman, very swellishly dressed, said to be from Albury, has been victimising a few of the publioans, &c;, at Wahgunyah and in the neighborhood, by means of valueless cheques, or at least cheques returned N.S;F;, which' manages to keep him out of the claws of the police, ? ? . ?? ?::'?? .????-.* .1'- - '. The commission appointed to inquire into the charges against James Ah Coy, the Chinese interpreter at Castlemairie, sat on Monday and tJDok.additional evidence; So far as the cbrii mission is concerned, the case is closed, and it ; now only remains fbrMr Ah Coy to hand' iri bis answer to the charges; From what we can : gather, the ; evidence is of^avery contradictory nature; the only point upon which the evi dence is clear, says the Daily News, beirig that Ah Coy was a shareholder in several of the lotteries. : ' ?? ?''?',' ? '?''??? ??'? ? ;.'1 '; ???????'?'? Ma SAch, of Myers-street, Geelong, met with ; a 'rather serious accident on -Monday. Whilst driving in his buggy, near the Crown : Hotel, the horse took fright at a passing vehi cle, and in going roughly over a gutter threw Mr Sach out.' Dr. Stoddart was promptly in attendance, and ascertained that a compound fracture of the ankle had taken place. Dr. Reid, who had been -seen to call at Mr Strachan's, was alao sent for, and immediately attended. 'The^ leg was properly attendod to, and Mr Sach removed to his own residence. ' It has ; been rumpred', says the Geelong Register, that with the feinbval of the prisoners from the gaol, the circuit 'courts' will be discon tinued. The police ! court is to be closed, and the Supreme Court to be used , instead.' These alterations are beginning to attract at tention among our undemonstrative population, and the inquiry is :' What next ? Is the post office safe ? How about the telegraph; station? These are the questions which are being asked ; but ; we think the citizens may. rest satisfied that; the permanency of those useful institutions is not jeopardised. ;'! ' ,' '' ? l i On Tuesday evening a large public meeting was held at Harconvt, for the purpose ; of en deavoririg to induce the Railway' authorities to refrain :ifrom ? closing the' Harcburt \ station against the public on and after the 1st Janu ary next. Mr Potter, a meinber of t^eshire council, occupied the chair. A memorial to the hori. ' the Minister of Railways was adopted,' and also prie to the Mayor1 and councillors of the Gastlemairie BbrbrighCburioil, requesting ' ; tteir cb-operatibn.' Messrs Potter and Dugden ' wete chosen1 to form' a deputation .toprbijeedat once to Melbourne arid' present the memorial to the Minister of Railways. ' ?? ' ' ' '' '?? ' - ' ' : ; At the Geelong County Court on Wednes day, his Honor Judge Hackett took occasion, to animadvert on the heavy costs in actions for the recovery of small amounts, pointing out that it-is the expreBB1 intention' of tne act to prevent this. In one or two cases the' costs ; were .more than the amount claimed, and in a number it was : very nearly as much. His Honor 'remarked that if a debtor could not pay his original debt, how was he to'be ex pected to! :pay' it with the addition of heavy costs; Some of the -members of the legal profession observed that it was beyond their power to reduce the cbsts,; for -the. act. pro vided, that the,, summonses should be seryed through the bailiff, allowing him at the same time 2s per mile for doing so, and. this gene: ally.waB the heaviest, item:; . r ; : It is stated that Mr M'Bean, a squatter, of Eilfera, had ocbasipn to summon a man to the police, court a fortnight ? ago, for. driving his sheep.; . His principal witness . was a, man regularly employed by him, who, after the case was. decided, went and got drunk, remaining in that state for four days, during which time, he was absent from, work. , Mr; M'Bean very, pro-i perly summoned him for breaking, his engage merit, and; the man was -punished.; ; Shortly - afterwards reprisals, commenced, and the best saddle on the station disappeared. Some one on the atation must have stolen it, yet a £10 reward failed to induce any of the men to say what thoy knew of it. But the worst was on .Sunday last, when the fenoeB were pulled down arid the sheep that had been sheared '. mixed with those unsheared, and those washed with the unwashed; The outside fence was also broken, arid many sheep allowed to enter a neighboring run arid the adjaoent farmer's -cr;ops. ?' ?''' . :;:.; ?? ? .' \\.':''m. ''?' ' ? ; :;; ':'.'? J ' ? ' A peculiar case of lost in the bush , remarks the Pleasant Creek paper, occurred within the last few days to a man named Sriead, or Deans, who uaed to be a billiard ; marker on ;^h'e: Reefs. It appears that he was, \\- Bwag ging' from Ledcourt to ? Swintbn,' acrosB .obuntrytr^and-frpm- some .cause, instead of pursuing a straight course, walked for two daya in a large circle. He was then much exhausted, and' threw off his 'swag, and in an acoount-book wrote :4 ' W. C. Deans, lost , iri the bush, Dec. 1st, 1868 ; native of ^JJ;pper Tooting, Surrey, England.' And in ?another—' Lost in . the bush two days, and expect to perish. I am dying of thirst, and gradually going mad.' He fell in with a son of Mr Jellitt, who obtained for him a bottle of water, and directed him to Ledcourt, where he safely, arrived. His lips were said to be1 atirivelled right up, and the ejelida the same, through lack of moisture; The unfortanate' man was much addicted to drinking, and suf fered frequently from delirium tremens, so that his great circle soiling on this occasion may reasonably be asoribed to that influence. , [The Rokewood correspondent bf the Geelong Register (8th inBt.) reports that Professor Hal ford's remedy Jor snake bites was successfully ,used on 3rd inst. at Mount Mercer. It appears ttiat a young, strong, healthy girl, 18 years old, had been bitten by a snake on Thursday,' 'at 5 p.m., on the little finger of the left hand, while in the act of picking up firewood. The oohool mastor tied a string round the finger below the place where the girl stated she was bitten. Dr. Scott, of Rokewood, was sent for at 12 o'clock the same evening, and on arriving ' ex amined the finger, but found no punctures. Slie: was greatly prostrated with spasms, feeble pnlse,. dilated pupils, little delirium, &a;, thb fingers; swollen and livid. Brandy had been, given before the doctor arrived. He then injootcd ammonia into tho right side of the femoral artery, and gave hartshorn and brfindy internally, and after a period of eight hours tho patient recovered considerably, arid he left her out of danger. Yesterday . she had a Relapse, and Dr. Scott again vioitod her, and applied galvoniom every ten minutes, till she became sensible. The girl is now doing well, and there are hopes of her oarly and entire re covery : . ? * -A-GovERNMENTrLAND- Sale: is gazetted to take place at Ballarat. on the 18th January. '? Money Obders may now bo obtained at the post, offices at Hastings and Trentham. The money order: offices at Baringhup and Hep- , burn have :been closed.. . : The man Morrison, who was ; brought up some time ago for. participation in a robbery on Soldiers'-hill, again appeared before the Dis trict Court on Tuesday morning, and was com mitted for trial at the next Circuit Court. The amsunt of the awards in the arbitration cases between Mr Joseph Pethybridge and the other owners; of land required to bo taken for the 'great fe'serybir at Malmsbury and the ; Board of Land arid Works have just been paid. The awards were made in April last. j On the breaking ^p ..of some of the country gaol eBtablishments, remissions of sentence will be made where circumstances warrant the exercise of the prerogative. Mr W. N.M'Cann was on Monday night set at liberty from Geelong Gaol.' The German Farmers and others who lately arrived in Albury in about twenty wng goris arid carts, from South Australia, are un derstood to be looking out for suitable land for free selections in the neighborhood of Jindera arid Mullengandra. '? Tenders are beirig called by the Govern ment for repairs' on the main Western Port rbadto the Bass, much to the gratification of the inhabitants of that locality. There are several very dangerous spbts, many narrow escapes having lately ocorirred. ; A patient of the Geelong Hospital has died while under the influenoe of chloroformj being about to have his thigh amputated. Drs. Foster Shaw, Maokin and Reid were present. At an inquest held on the 3rd inst, a verdiot of accidental death was returned. The jury exo nerated the medical men from all- blame. ' At the Maryborough General Sessions on ' the 4th inst., his Honor Judge Macoboy sen tenced Wm.Hy. Soholes: to three months' im prisonment for unlawfully wounding with a = handsaw: about the head and legs one Wm, Watapn, at Corisbrook, on : the 27th of last ' August,, '-.'. ' ' ';.. . . ?? ? ?? .. ,-.. ? ?? . ..??.-.. : Mr Thomas ; Martin, of the Woodford toll gate, was .placed in a very awkward predica- : ment at i)elaney's Swamp on Sunday last. ? His, horse plunged into the mire, and: neither lie nor his rider were able to extricate them- ?- selves until after, some time, neighbors came to ? ? the iresoue. ';;.',',- ;: ?. ; .??.?,'?.???, ..??', ?-.; ; Oni^onday Night,, the, house of Mr J. Matheson, between Meredith and Lethbriiilge, was.brpken into, and four pairs of blankets, some bed covers, sheets and a table cover,, . , 'wer.e .carried away.,, The police' are on the alert, and ;it is hoped they will, succeed in -; 'bririging the1 offenders to justice. , I The opening of ithe. new school in conneo- ? tion; witli St. John's Anglican Church, Arm 'strong-street'nbrth, Ballarat, was, celebrated on ^ Tuesday evening, in the building, by an enter tainment consisting of . readings, , recitation a . and music. The Venerable Archdeacon Stretch bebupidd the chair. . , j . , . ,;..- i The TALBbT paper 'reports the mysteriouB : d|sappeararice of a farmer named Archdale, resident at Bung Bong, who was last seen ou Weiinesday, on his way home, when he said he ;? was_ unwell, and had , been to see a docter. The police and the surrounding residents .are - prosecuting an active search in the bush. - ' ' ?- iThe :Si. A vnaud Mercury . gives ^crirrency to a \ story that on Messrs Easson and Perry's, 'Hopeful Reef,', the men have refused to wprk . by night, owing to the ghost-like sounds which ar;e heard proceeding from all parts of- the claim. - A noise as of some person soraping a sliovel with iren has been frequently heard, and no cause for it can be ascertained. The residents of Granbourne have come for ward ina very creditable manner to assist in ; repairing the common school in the township, and have erected a comfortable residence for the teacher. It is to be hoped that a similar . dispoeition will be extended towards the Clyde school, which the Board of Eduoation has ordered to be repaired on pain of the with drawal of the grant. A Hawker topka nipnkey to Talbot and, while offering it for sale on Saturday last the animal bit him very severely in the hands, and the assist ance of a blaoksmith was invoked, who endea vored to give it, its quietus with a bar of iron. ?? v Jack, however, was only stunned, and as soon as he recovered, began his malicious tricks again^ ? , and had finally to bo destroyed in earnest. At Bathurst some days ago a horse sprang1 atjan. open window of a stable about four foet from the floor, and made a clean bolt through the opening, which he cleared without in j uriug i himself,, merely rubbing a little hair off one ile^.1' The wiridow is only two feot wide by, , three feet, six inches high, and the animal, alighted in the. yard, about four feet from the' . wall. ?'?;?' .'?. ; ';' ' '' ; ' --. ' '4».; A petition to his Exoellancy the Governor is - now being signed in this neighborhood, says the Albury Banner, praying for a remission of .? the remainder, of the term of six months' im prisonment to whioh Mr George Darby was : lately sentenced, on account of the tin-kettling case at Howleqg. , The petition has been very largely signed by all classes of the community, and represents' a strong and general feeling that it would be unnecessary and impolitic for the Executive to require the whole of the sen tence to be worked out. A Suicide, BayB the Bendigo Advertiser, \a reported to have taken place at Axedale. From what has been heard in town, it appears that a man named Thomas O'Keefe, connected with, the mounted police some five years ago, antK afterwards landlord of the Axedale Hotel, bub since falling considerably in the world, wrote a letter to Lib wife on Tuesday, lBt inst., front which it was inferred, that he had committed suicide, which he has attompted to do before. He had said he intended to go to the newvusli^ bui his footsteps were traced into a deep hole* in the Axe Creek, which has since boon dragged1,, but without.any result.. '.. : The Wife of Mr Juhos Wiggrav, a vigne rbriin the vicinity of Beech worth, was rather . startled a; few days sinoe, says the Spectator, ' by ;obserying a, ^olerablj-aized snake comfort ably coiled away in the empty fireplace of her best parlor. , She immediately— as ladies in variably do on these occasions — screamed as loudly as. possible, and throw the first thing; sho could lay her hands on at the head of tho reptile. Her aim, however, happened to be widb, arid the Bnako startled, but quite unhurt, glided away uudor the boards, in search of u quieter and' more Boouro resting-place. This it succeeded in finding in the wine cellar, a. place so peculiarly constructed that although ; ingress may be obtained, egress is quite im possible. There tho snake now remains, sole guardian of Mr Wiggraf's vintage, and from present appearances is likely to tomain. . ] It is stated thnt on one of the islands of the J Northern Coast, Mulgravo Island, there is a «'markaikarge,'' or white fellow's child. ' It i is probably only a half-caste. .,, ; ? . ' At the banquet given laat Saturday, at Cran Ibourne, by President Locky,.Mr J. Buohanan,. J. P., in responding to the toast of' The Morn ington Farmers' Society,' stated that he be ? lieyod, owing to the magnificent condition of. the cattle, and to the promising appearance ,' of the crops of every description, the next show / would eclipse any thing yetseen. This is saying , a, great deal, seeing that this idistriot is one of fthe great prize takers at the national shows. ? A very sad affair te reported by the Mount; Alexander Mail. A farmer and his wife, being in the neighborhood of Montmorency , h ad gone out to walk in a distant field, on Friday last, IeaviDg some dinner on the hearth, and a baby in a cradle near .the fireplace, both, in charge of their little daughter of seven years of age. By. some mischance the latter, became enveloped in flames, and when the unhappy farmer and.his wife returned they found their baby burned to a cinder. They then turned their attention to find the little girl, whom they blamed for the , misfortune. Poor Marie, however, had disap peared, and fer some time was nowhere to be lOUnu. ac ipsgtu, in. u jjuuu.-ju tuoiumuiu ui the orchard they found the body of their elder child. When.she saw her little brother burnt,, the brokenrhearted child must have run out and drowned heraelf. ; ? , \l ? . '??-.:? An important; case against the; Bendigo 'Waterworks Qompany was decided on Monday an tbe Sandhurst Police Court, in - which Mr; William Brown , of , Boundary-street, prosecuted the company for refusing to supply . him with water. Mr Martley appeared for the com plainant, and Mr Flegg for the company. ; The , defence set up was that Mr Brown, not having paid his rate on the 25th of September, was not entitled to be supplied. After having heard a large amount of evidence, the bench stated that they, thought the defendants'were to blame,' and therefore fined them £10, with £3 7s casts, at the same, time offering, to state , a special case .for the; Supreme Court, which Mr Flegg said, he. 'would avail himself; of. Another .aotion .against the ??? company was : re manded for a week. ;:?:? ?;.. : ?; ?.?_?:; ?:: ' 41 One ef the; black cricketers,' says the Hamilton Spectator v ??* hight Sundown—^ who went to England to beat the: knights of , the willow at 'The, Oval '—returned to Hamilton; on Tuesday, under ciroumstances that are ap parently not very creditable to the speculators who took him home. Sundown, it seems, oofa ?.? traded a pulmonio affection in ;the -land of ' snow, and. was sent back to Australia by those ?who had engaged him. ? .He was, without Buffi-,' cient funds, but by the kindness of the coaish proprietors, managed ,'to reaoh Hamilton.,. ,Mr Hughes, who was a fellow-passenger of ; Sun down, from BaUarat, gave the poor darkie, the way, but we have, been unable to discover what haB become of him since then. It is to be hoped that he has found means of getting back to his. friends; for otherwise, in his hopeless state, he may become the victim of neglect rather than a hero of the black crioketingspe colation.' '.??:?; :.-..?'? ?? . '? ???? .???..-'!?? : ?; ' Experience in several woolsheds during the late shearing in thw district,' says an UppV Murray paper, ' has shown that shearers, gener ' rally appreciate a tumblerfall of red colonial, wine ..fully as much as the 'nip' of tardent spirits which is often given at the end of the day's work. A few .old hands express their, preference for grog pure and simple, but we are asBureu uy u.:Bijua,iiiur, wuu ww uuioii.bo, .. trouble to asoertain- the opinion ;of thiraty shearers, that the majority wouid, prefer I a tumbler of wine to a smaller quantity of bad: spirits. People who have tried the experiment hereabouts, with wine at 5s per gallon, say, , '' that the expense in, ejther case is about equal;, \ the preference.in cheapness ,being in favor 'of '',' the Vine. In course ef time this difference will become still more marked' than at present ; , it is besides worth while, in the interests ;o'f temperance, for Bquatters to give the , wine a ?''.trial.'', ;'??.. .. .; ,. ?.,??'?? ' I,'- ., ?, ...-. : , . 1 , A coRBESPONDENtf.at the Whim Holes, says the Bdltarat Voiirier, draws a very gloomy picture of the state of morals in that highly picturesque lpoaiity. / He spates that a hawker with ahorse and light, buggy became enamored \ ' ' of a lady of tender years* resident thereabouts, ' and succeeded, in winning her affections, being under age— rth'at is, the ,/lfidy . and , not , the . hawker. Her mbther, threatened dire ,/yen geanoe against the travelling draper, when he ...' condoned the offence by handing over his horse, vebiole , .and. ..stock,;./ valued . at £70, to the enraged -parent ^if'^ the girl, and thus assuaged the mother's wrath. Ho ; also states: that . a. brute of a- fel- low, wef|!jkhown in the locality, is living with lira ownj daughter, by, whom ; he has had a ohild ; and, that as the daughter re fuses to prosecute, the police refuse to, take any steps in the matter. A third case is that of a preceoidus youth who Beduceda girl of tender years, /and,', laughs at the idea; of V marrying the girl,' as ' suggested, as jhe pleads infanoy as a bar, to any aotion that ? may ? be brought against', him. Verily, thVlooality must be a delightful one to reside in, especially as it is' so/far from/police protection, the .soli-.. fcary constable at Napoleons ,being the nearest guardian of the peace ..to, the habitat of these precocious people. ' j ., ; , , '? 'The ci-devant bushranger, Dnigan,' says the Jtsanner of tne otn inst., ,v was brongntioeiore the Albury magistrates on Friday, on a warrant from Benallai and was . remanded for , a few days, by which time the person who was stuck up at Tirana is expeotod to be. forthcoming. We understand thut the Melbourne commercial traveller who was robbed by Duigan near How? long will not W able to attend, the court here until the first week in, January, so that thiet-ri- .' sonei' willhayo, time for, moralising, before,, his; trial can take place. , , Although , Mr Atkins^ whq was stuck up;in viotona, lailedtp identiiy ;tne prisoner/there ia little doubt here but that ;tho right man has been caught. When called upon to plead, he had nothing, to say in reply to the charge' when it was read over tq him, in the polioe court. Ho is minus a thumb, , which, , he says* he lost by a sabre- cut in the Indian mutiny, when he, waB serving as a trumpeter in an infantry regiment ; and he has also, a bullet hole through the. ear, which he also asoribea to the Sopoys. By biB own account he is twenty , four yenrs old, so that he must haye been 'little more than a child at the timo of the Indian mutiny. He hails from County Dublin, and is absurdly short in stature for the bushranging lino of business. If this little trumpeter of 5 feet 3 inohea had oyercoriio tho great Mont gomery, there' wonld have been a fine tableau. The prisoner was removed from the dook by 'thieo policemen, of 'the aggregnte height of leighteea feet or. bo.'J ? Messrs Robertson .and Wagner ? are , run ning one of their largest coacheH between Sandhurst and Spring Creek. ,.;. ; The Ballarat Star of Wednesday ?Bajs:-f ' A rumor gained currency in town last even ing to the effaot that a murder had been, com- mitted in . some central . neighborhood ; but, after making inquiries at every ayaible B.ource of information, we think that the rumor, has no foundation in fact.' . ; All the Crown lands comprised within the limitB of deviation of the surveyed lines of railway from Ballarat. to Ararat, from Ballarat to Dunolly via Maryborough, and from Castle mauie to Maryborough .via . Maldon and via NewBtead Railway, have been temporarily re served for railway purposes. ??;.?. .-.???.???.??, A Novel Plan haa been adopted by Mr. John Thomson, of Keilambete, for, increasing the funds of the Warrnambool hospital, which might bu copied with advantage by other squat ters. Whenever a man applies to him for a night's quarters he charges him balf-a crown, and when he has obtained a tolerable supply of half -orowns he forwards them to the hospital. ... A Quantity of Sheepskins were stolen dur ing Monday night from off the fences at the slaughter- yards of Mr, L. Webster, at Cowie's Creek. The thieves, two in number,: however, were nrreated on Tuesday . afternoon by detec tive -Hartney and sergeant M'Sweeny, in a brothel, in Corio-slreet, for the offence. . The major part :of the skins were recovered. , : The manager of a farm ; on the Bet Bet, of the name of Wilkinson, ia said to;have been missing for several days. ; The. rumor goes that he went to Aveca to draw some money from the bank, and has not since ;been heard of. The police are making inquiries into the matter, as there are some grounds for suspicion of foul play. ???;.:..? . .-..?! . .. ; = : ? ???:?!' ;.?-;-??? - ? ? The committee . appointed by the Kyneton: shire Counoil to investigate the. very serious charge preferred at the last -meeting: by -Mr S; Attwood againBt ; Mr. rate--collector .Minogue, helda meeting and took evidence on Monday. .The investigations and deliberations of the committee occupied; a long time, but the result will probably not be made public; till the report, is presented to the council at next meeting. , . \- 'Ins Daily News of Wednesday says r^'John, . ? James Baird, the man-who committed the, cowardly assault , some tim». since on .MesBrs Bannister and Hammon, ; waa. brought before the Daylesford magistrates. on Monday last and remanded to, Caatlemaine., -:-. He was handed over to the care of -Mr. Lloyd ; yeBterday,: and \fi\\\ be brought before . the bench to-morrow. It'i is: the: intention of Messrs Bannister and Hamm,pn, |we believe, to proceed against the man civilly, in consideration of his having a wife and family dependent on him.'.' ?: ???, ? .The Mount Alexander Mail says with re ference to a rumor to :which it gave currency a few days since :— ' We are glad to be able to give the constituency Mr Baillie's contra diction to- the rumors that are iri vogue abojut, ihis resignation. Whatever ? Bubstance ? there, may have been in them a Bhort time ago, 'that'., gentleman has now made up his -mind id re tain his seat, 'and we'nnderstand that he will, in conjunction with Mr Wrixon, introduce Mr ?Batto.''''--'- :?'?? ??? '.'-v1'' '???'?'? ?')-;' ? ??? ;'':lTiS with extreme regret,!' say's theBalla rat Courier ; u-,th'at we hear that Mr 'Olissold, our excellent police magistrate, has determined to cease his connection with the Civil Service 'of 'the bolony, arid to leave for England early next year. Mr ClisEold is a gentleman in every ' sense of the word, aud as a magistrate few will De ionna 10 equal mm. jcw vieveu jempjup has presided on the Ballarat bench !with in finite icredit; and it is not probable that he will be permitted to leave the district without some fitting reooghitipn of his lengthened serr, vices.' ?'??'? '??'?' ' ' --; '?'? : . :! ? /?''; : '? ;.; ' ?? ? ; The Woolsthorpe Correspondent of the Warrnambool Examiner writes! ' on the 5th inst. : — ' On Friday, a party' of' six shearera werecoming'down the country, bound for Mr M'Kihlay'o station. They stayed at Hawkea-' dale! to : rest and have some refreshment, iandy : as is the wont of shearers generally at this season of the year, indulged rather freely, drowning dull care in the cup. The party left the township'in quite a happy mood, , and were, on the way to an adjoining free selector's '; to spend the evening,: when one of their num ber was thrown ;irom his .horse; and, his. foot remaining in the stirrup, he was' dragged a considerable distance; He : was at once 1 conveyed back to:-. the township, and medi cal aid brought with all haste, but to no purpose, for the poor fellow breathed bis last this morning, after receiving every attention from Father Parle, of Belfast, who travelled all night to be in time to administer extreme unction to the dying man;' . ? , ; VA short time since,' says the Ararat Adver tiser, ' wo remarked that a strange epeoies of ? bird, whiohi in habits and i appearanoe closely resembled the vulture, has been common in the' neighborhood of Horsham for some seasons past. Last year, however, these birds \ seemed to have; ^utterly disappeared, and there was some Bpe'ou-- lation as- to where they had migrated. !. We now learn that they have been seen about some farms in the direction of Lake Boloke.and thatthey' are especially bold in sharing ithe- food some times given to the. pigs. The birds seem to possoBS the quality oi Bight whioh the vulture proper has* for tho farmers complain that after frightening them,, away hy'shouting at them, the killing of -a sheep or bullook is sure tojat tract ? them. TheBe; birds, it -is- suppoaedi migrated to this part of the continent from Cooper's Creek. They were ; first' seen j at Horsham, in the wake of the'ibeS, arid, singu- i larly enough, the ibes. are now to be met with in the neighborhood of LakrBoloke.' , ? : ; A'sHE'rHERD or hut-keeper, who says he has fpr years past Heen employed , upon one of .the__ stations in the neighborhood of, the Grampiansi infbrmeda gentleman on 4th inst., when passing .through Ararat/that the deer ; -which Mr Wil son pf Longerenong: turned 'out .have b?en frequently spen by him, as well/as, by dno| of the boundary riders /and Boipe a,bort gines , who hang about'/ the,..' Btatipns. ??If the man's story be true,,' saya; !thb local paper, 'the deer are breeding amongst the hills, there being a great number of young to be seen in the herd. The . whole herdj as he ^^ deaoribes them, must have been in splendid condition, and. as they are very fleet ; and becoming' very chary, he thinks they will incroa8p in groat numbers, .. In tho rugged plaoes of. the hills whioh answer as f astneaaes for them, they aresafe from pursuit by idbgs, the, aurfaoo being of such a doscription as to place all the advantages on the jSide of jtbe deer. , It appears that the aboriginos will; have nothing to do;withthem; when .they first saw tho flook'-they wore greatly frightened, and_ they, will iiot willingly 'stay in a place wliero they 1 have seen them before. '[ Several Instances are reported in which the painful effects of the bites of venomous insects have be,en relieved by rubbing in am monia. The Daily News announces the demise of the Gastlemaine Advertiser, which, after, an .existence of thirteen weeks, expired on Satur day last. . ? . Lakge Tracts of Land have been left with out a blade of grass in the Yass district, through bush fires, whioh are suspected to have been the work of some boso incendiary. ABridoe is to be built over the Moyne, at Belfast. The contract of Mr C. J. Miller, for the sum of £1M7 5s 10J, hap been ac cepted. ? . i ? A Little Gibl, daughter of Mr Wiebel, of Maryborough, fell down a well on Monday evening. She was rescued by her mother, who aoted in a very courageous manner. The Culture of the Vine is extending in seme portions of the Bendigo district, and a great quantity of ground was put under vines last season. , . A Man named. Peter Burnett, a paper hanger, on Wednesday, broke his collar-bone , and sprained his ankle by the upsetting of i a Bpring-oart Between puuuruii iiuu..\juituuju. Constabls Kettle, of Geelong, on Wed- . nesday, arrested George Dyers on a charge of obtaining £2 83 by means of false pretences from John Garratty. . Five out of seven black swanB in the Gee long Botanical Gardens, which it appears were great pets, were unfortunatoly killed by dogs on Wednesday. Da; Goold, Roman Catholic Bishop of Vic toria, is expected to visit Ballarat about the 20th of this month, to perform the rite of con firmation in: St. Patrick's Church. Excursion, Trains are to run on the Christ mas and New Ye&r; holidays, and the fare be tween Sandhurst and Melbourne is fixed at 13s return ticket. : Miss Kemp, a lady who resides , at Eagle hawk, /has. for: the past year engaged herBelf in rearing silkworms. In 1867 ; she began with eighteen,, and has now reached 835. ' , On Wednesday, a little girl, daughter of Mr Hayes, baker, of M'Crae-street, Sandhurst, ) was run; over and seriously hurt by a horse, which also kicked her.. Serious fears were entertained, for the child's recovery. ? The. important question of public sea baths for Warrnambool j says the Advertiser, .has so far taken /possession of the people'a minds that we/hope something definite will speedily come ,oufcof it. ?..,, , ., , -..- ?';.',' A .Gentleman of considerable rural ex perience, informs tho Ararat Advertiser that v,n /tan' fpntifv to the usefulness of the much .despised ant. in the work of destruction of grubs and caterpillars. A Foot Race took place. on Wednesday in the Sandhurst Camp Reserve for £1 aside, distance 200 yards, between J. Newman and J. Slocomb/e. .Ifcwaswpnby the former by three 'yards..-/ ,. '..'. .',.,.'., :; ?., .-. : . ,, ? ? ' . A Shark was caught by means of a strong line baited with squid off one of the Geelong ! wharfs on Wednesday. Nofe\vef than'twenty Beven /lively, young fry were found inside the monster. . .'. . .? :? --. ? .,:? ?;.?? ? : Excursion Trains will run. during ,the Christmas andff ew,Year holidays, from Geelong to Melbourne' and, Ballarat. The fares will be, to Melbourne and back 5s 6d ; to Ballarat and back7s6d. . ,??'..?'?' In the Mechanics' Institutej Ueelpng, the raoval of theaeat of Government to Geelong appears to have caused, considerable amuse ment. ., , . A' Very Handsomely-bound Bible was .pre sented by the Rev. J. C.P. Allrratt, a fewdaya age, to a young lddyi niooe of Mr Riddle', of the LoddoH, who was the first to be married :in the newly built, church at Newstead. 'We are glad,' ,says the Bendigo .Adver tiser,^ io learn that the expenses incurred: in opposing tlie JEii.OOO loan have been promptly . defrayed by ratepayers. . The . ;BubBcripti6ris handed in were £ll'la 6d in exceBs of the amount required.' . . : The Farmers in the neighborhood , of Malm8bnry are complaining of the scarcity: of labor at the harvest. The ruling rate' of wages appears to be 18s a week and board, but many laborerB think they ought to reoeive more. ' ;'. , ;. : ' ? /, ; '. ? '.'.:. The Merino Correspondent of the Hamil ton Spectator 8B.JB,,' Shearing is fast drawing to a close in this district, and the clip is above the average of last year. As far as I can learn, .the farmers will have: little cause to; complain this year as regards' good cropB.' ! The Arrangements in connection with the Boxing Day fete (says the Ballarat Courier) are going on under the direction of the com mittee/ in such a satisfactory and energetic manner aa to give a guarantee to the public ' that ;the demonstration will afford them large Bcope for enjoyment. The' Fishermen at Queensoliff have been . fortunate in obtaining a large haul of fine bar racuda. A /quantity of these fish were sent up on Wednesday evening to Geelong, and were'retailed by the fishmongers at a shilling, and eighteen-pence eaoli. ConBignments of the fish were also sent to Ballarat and Mel bourne by train. . ' It appears tliat some dispute haa arisen aai to the time in which a foot-race between Ed-, ward Martin and John Finn, Jan., was ran on naiuruivy mm,. (;xue n esiorn jliiikd dujd.. -, 11 We have no hesitation in say iflg that the time was twenty BecondaJ and that Finn, the winner, has made the shortest time of two hundred yards ' recorded in thq colony. He ran in ' gpod .shape, kepthimself well together, and after the first/fifty yarda had the. race sure.' , .'.As a sample of some of the fleeces ob- . tained this year,1 ' says the Oeelonrj Adver User,' ' we may mention that the fleeces of twenty -seven Lincoln ramsBhornat Barwon . Park were lately weighed after they bad been thoroughly washed. The result showed- an aiverage of l6.f lb. The aheep were all in good, oohdition, appearing very fat, a faot Bpeakiijg well for the pasture conaidoring tbe weight of wool the Bheep have lately been carrying. The Bhearers are still at work at Barwon Park, arid alao on other stationa.' ' Thb case of Bannister v Baird, for us s'ault, says the Gastlemaine Daily Neios, ' did not come on for hearing at the polioe court this morning (Thursday), it having been settled out of court. In our advertising columnB will be found an apolpgy from Mr Baird, in wbioh ho agrees to pay all medical expenses whioh lnny huvo been incurred by Messrs Bannister arid Hatrimon, ami to hand over, donations of £2 2s to each of our charit able institutions. The collectors of tho, Bene volent Asylum and Hospital are requested to call on Mr John Cooper, when they will receive tho money.' The Money Order Office at Baringhup haB been closed. ' . We take the following with reference to tho enlistment of men for New Zealand from the Ballarat Evening Post ;— u We have been shown by Mr Grundy, of Main-street, a weoden spear and ' battle ase . of Maori construction, ? curiouB and well worth inBpeotion, which were taken from them by some of the men; who went over from thia colony some eighteen months ago. The men, it will bo recollected, had promises of land and other rewards held out to them by the New Zealand Government ; many of. them, however, returning tired and disgusted at the want of faith on the part 'of the New Zealand Government, which failed to give/ them their titles to their 50 acres of land, and1: the remark of a military officer to the effect that those who went from Ballarat to New Zea land were tho scum of Victoria. At the pre sent time, when the New Zealand Government are making a second appeal to the manhood of this colony, such facts aa these should be borne in mind.' : . , , . if The inhabitants of Harcourt feel aggrieved' at the action taken by the Railway authorUiea in closing the ? Harcourt railway station, and have appointed a deputation to wait upon Mr Jones to induce him, if possible, to reconsider his decision and reopen the station. The policy of the department, which haa been very ex plicitly stated, is that, with a view of reducing ihe enormous expenditure incurred in the working of the Government lines of railway, such stations aa could not be worked at a profit Bhould be closed. From statistics whioh have been obtained from the Railway department, we learn that at the Moorabobl station, during the month, of Npyember, the cost of putting down or taking up each passenger was 5a 2§d, and the, cost for handling each ton of goods deposited at the station 4s 1 3 5d. The total number of passengers for . the .month was 23, and the number of tons of goods 29. At the Harcourt station the cost . of opening the ! carriage door, examining the passenger's ticket, and setting him on the platform for the same period was for eaon passenger as uja, and the coat for landing goods. per ton 3s 3jd. The number of passengers last month was 326, and. the number of tons of gepda deposited 38. At the Diggera' Rest station the cost to, the de partment for each passenger stopping there during November was 3s Ofd, and for each ton of goods handled Is 7Jd; the number of pas sengers was 54 and the quantity of goods (101 tpna. This is a view of the case which: haa evidently not entered into the calculations which have been . made to nrove that those stations which have been recently closed have been a source of profit instead of Iobs to the department.) . : , 