SYDNEY GOSSIP. [FROM OUR-OWN CORRESPONDENT.] December 9th. A VERY numerous muster of hon. members, and a perfect crowd of strangers in the gal- leries " marked the re-opening of the Legisla- tive Assembly on Tuesday. No less than fifty-three of the former (including Mr. Speaker) were present on the occasion, the majority, (of nine) seating themselves on the Opposition benches. The Premier, gave any amount of promissory notifications as to the future policy of the Government, if the House would only have the kindness to allow them to carry it out. That policy in- cluded Intercolonial Free-trade, a gradual abolition of Ad Valorem duties, some very slight modifications of the Education and Land Acts, and—very, much bravo !—the re- peal of the newspaper tax. There were to be no more fiascos a la mode de Duncan, but united action in every matter in place of indi- vidual absolutism in each department as here- tofore—in short, he and his colleagues were determined to drive the State coach as near to the flourishing township of Utopia as the roads would permit. In earnest of the " neat- ness and despatch " with which he and his firm intend to execute all commissions en- trusted to them, he begged to say that his in- dustrious colleague, Saul Samuel, would lay his Estimates on the table the next day, and if the House would kindly pass them at once they would be enabled to enjoy a merry Christmas, and return like giants refreshed from their roast beef revelries, plum-pudding pastimes, and the other hallowed associations of the season, to the business of the session. I don't mean to say that these were the hon. John's very words, but they were so in effect. Parkes was so very much moved by this charming vision of the future that he rose on his mighty legs three times before he opened his pon- derous jaws and gave notice of his intention to propose a want of confidence " in the Go- vernment the following day. The latter then played their trump card, through Mr. Mac- leay, who asked a series of inconvenient ques- tions in re the " Kiama mystery," of Mr. Robertson. Mr. Robertson replied that he knew very little about it, except that certain documents in reference thereto had been actually set up in the Government Printing Office, on the 17th March, and the next day their publication was stopped by Mr. Eagar in the name of Mr. Martin. The papers had been returned in due course to the Colonial Secretary. The onus probandi was thus neatly and adroitly put upon the broad shoulders of Henry Parkes, who now virtually finds himself the subjoct of " a kind of " a " want of confidence" motion of a much more justifiable character than the one he wishes to saddle the Government with. I see the Speaker informed Mr. Macleay that his questions being put " without-notice " would prevent their appearing on the records of the House. I am not sufficiently ac- quainted (thank the gods !) with Parliament- ary " practice " to know the effect of this omission, but hope and presume Mr. Parkes will not be allowed quietly to " give up the ghost " which has so long haunted, in general belief, his imagination. In reply to Mr. Thornton, Mr. Samuel promised to lay all the Duncan correspondence before the House on Wednesday, so that there will be plenty of " sensation " for the amusement seekera in Macquarie-street this afternoon. I regret that postal exigencies will prevent my giving you the results of any of the " events " in time for your present issue, but as you em- ploy the magic wires it will not matter much. It is supposed that Mr. Martin will second Mr. Parkes motion, and there seems every likelihood of its being carried—at least so " my world " informs me. Should such be the case, a " trip to the country " will pro- bably ensue. In the present state of public feeling such an experiment would undoubtedly result in the return of a majority for the un- tried men instead of those who have been so long tried, and found so very much wanting. The foundation stone business at St. Mary's Cathedral was successfully carried out on Monday, in the presence of a vast assembly of all sorts and sizes, and notwithstanding the awful dust kicked up by a most unpropi- tious wind which blew great guns all through the ceremony. The courageous manner in which the crowd battled with the breeze while a reverend gentleman delivered an hour- and-a-half sermon in " very choice Italian-English " was worthy of all praise, and spoke volumes for their zeal and powers of jollity under the most creditable circum- stances. No accidents occurred, though the wind seemed strong enough to blow every- boly and everything, including the founda- tion stone, away. Substantial donations (reaching close on £3000) and a substantial lunch followed, and now all that remains is to put a substantial edifice on the very sub- stantial foundations with all convenient speed, et le jeu est fait, messieurs, mesdames, et petits gens de la Sainte Egliss Catholique. This happy consummation, so devoutly wished for, will, it is thought, be arrived at in about two years—at least to an extent suffi- cient for devotional purposes. Its ultimate completion will probably not be within the experience of any but the most juvenile mem- bers of the present generation, unless a good deal more steam in the way of pecuniary sub- stantiality is put on. The suites of the Municipal election have been the granting of the usual annual stipend of £1000 to the Mayor, and the re-return of CHARLES MOORE, ESQ., to that dis- tinguished position, to the discomfiture of the other candidates, Messrs. Hurley, Mur- phy, Steel, Hordern, and Macintosh ; so that another year's bull-baiting, aud similar amuse- ments, on the part of our Municipal worthies may be confidently predicted. It is not cer- tain that after all, in spite of his " bounce " Mr. Moore is not the right man in the right place, among such men in suck a place—the strong argumentum ad hominem element in his composition is remarkably effective in re- ducing his subordinates to something liko order ; and he is withal energetic, persevering, and has, I believe, the interests of the city at any rate almost as much at heart as his own. The contest for West Sydney is likely to be a pretty stiff one, at least as far as Messrs. Campbell and Wearne are concerned, for of course Dransfield has no chance—Mr. Camp- bell has the support of the Catholics, and such influence as Mr. Charles Cowper, tho present Ministry, and his father's name and old friends can command. Sir. Wearhe has the Political Protestant Association. Mr. Parkes, his own personal friends and his employés at his back. To borrow from the slang Dictionary, it is a contest between a " Yokel " and a " Duffer," but I think " Yokel " has it. Among the minor items of gossip, is one which is somewhat amusing as typical of the stuff of which Sydneyites are made. The members of the Civil Service are said to have resolutely combined to withdraw their custom from those " counterjumping " heretics who refused to comply with the Government mandate in regard to keeping holiday on St. Andrew's day. Poor, and, in more senses than one, hardly-worked swells. Revenge is sweet, but rumor hath it the shop- keepers do not shiver in their shoes at the impending blow, whence it is fair to infer that, at least in a good many eases, the man-millinery patronage of these curled darlings is a " custom more honored in the breach than in the observance." The entertainment of the Australian Patriotic Association was a great success as for as attendance was concerned, the Victoria Theatre being crowded in every part by " the sons and daughters of Australia " who came out very strong on the occasion— at least I know the heat was very overpower- ing. As regards the performances, with one or two exceptions in the feminine instru- mental and vocal way, it was amateurish usque ad nauseam, As no charge for admis- sion was made, I cannot understand what object was answered by the affair, unless as a display of the riches dispensed by our linen drapers, haberdashers, jewellers, hatters and bonnet-builders to the patriots and patriotesses who were so fortunate as to imbibs their early breakfasts beneath the shade of the gum-tree, whence probably tho poetical expression " gum-suckers." The members of the University have aa yet made no sign in regard to their selection for the vacant place in the Senate—Dr. Macfarlane, Dr. Nathan, and Mr. Stenhouse are the competitors—the latter has a great literary reputation and is the favorite ; it doesn't much matter, however, for, with that fatality which characterises all learned de- liberations in this colony, the odds are that the wrong man," whoever he may be, is sure to be elected. The Rev. Thomas Smith, who has never " picked up " properly since he fell down at the Anglican Consecration—is to leave his " cure " in search of another at home, by the advice either of his medical or clerical advisers, I don't know which. It is said that a certain Rev. Mr. Byng, has, if not supplanted " Thomas," at any rate, rivalled him in the affections of the Bishop, who would like to see him in the pulpit of St. Barnabas. However, as the Rev. Mr. Byng, who is of strong sensational proclivities, belongs to the diocese of Goulburn, whose Bishop declines parting with such a powerful " treasure," it is impossible to tell how the matter will end. 