SCENE PROM THE COMEDY OF ERRORS. (Unaccountably omitted in the recent performance of that play at the Victoria Theatre.) Scene — The District Court. Enter DUKE (Mr. PUNCH), the two DROMIOS (Messrs. Hanson and Bennett), G. B. B., Mr ANDREW LENEHAN, and SPECTATORS. Dromio H.— Most mighty Duke, behold a man much wronged. G. B. B.— I smell a stink, or else my nose deceives me. Duke— One of these men is vampire to the other— Pah! what a smell! which is the natural man, And which the varmint? who de- ciphers them? Dromio B. — I, sir, am Dromio—command him away. Dromio H.— I, sir, am Dromio—pray make him pay. Duke— One Hanson art thou not, or else his ghost? A. L.— My old pal, Bill! now what's his little game? G. B. B.— Whate'er his game, it's not a rosy one, Or I'm no judge of physiognomy— Speak, old Empiric, if thou be'st the man That had'st a writer once called G. B. B., That wrote thee articles as cheap as dirt, And made thee famous in immortal song. Dromio H.— If I see straight, thou art that G. B. B. If thou be he, then I'm the trusty friend That did betray thee to the fatal sack. A. L.— By him, ye men of Sydney, he and I And the twin Dromio, all were taken in And done for kindly—he's a noble host. Dromio H.— Which of you two will dine with me to-day? G. B. B.— Not I, by jingo! A. L.— I,—if you'll give me five years' tick. Duke— Shut up, you coves! now, fellow, what's the row? Dromio H.— He owes me half-a-crown, my gracious lord. Dromio B.— Not half a bob. Dromio H.— Didst thou not dine with me on prime beef-steaks? Dromio B.— My liege, he asked me, and the steaks were tough— Dromio H.— These be the bones, sir, which you picked with me? Dromio B.— I think they be, sir—I deny them not. Dromio H.— You ate these pickles—Whybrow's Piccallilli? (Shews empty pickle-bottle.) Dromio B.— I think I did, sir, but I liked them not. Dromio H.— I gave you liquor, too, colonial ale, And choicest vintages of gingerbeer? Dromio B.— No, none o' that. Dromio H.— And then the pudding—canst deny the pudding? Duke— Faugh! ope' the window there and call the cook— She'll best decide upon this kitchen stuff— We have no stomach for so foul a feast. ( Exeunt omnes.) HANSON-ANIA.—Friendship without interest—Hob-a-nob-ing. ,, with ,, "Bob"-a-nob-ing. 