LAW INTELLIGENCE. SUPREME COURT. INSOLVENCY JURISDICTION. WEDNESDAY, JULY 10TH, 1868. BuronE His Honor Sir Valentine Fleming. In re DANIEL GRAHAM. , ' - This was a second sitting for proof of debts, and hearing of application for discharge. There being no opposition, His Honor granted the insolvent's discharge. In re JOHN ROBERT HURST. This was a first sitting for proof of debts. The following debts were proved J. C. Tol man, £873 Gs. fell., being the balance of a sum of £500 which the insolvent had owed him; Gilbert Aird, £7 13s. 1d., goods sold and delivered ; John Wilmot, £11 10s. 2d., work performed and materials provided. Mr. B urbury,who appeared for a creditor, proceeded to examine the insolvent, who said that since the declaration of his insolvency he had been getting his living by driving a car. The car belonged to J. 0. . Tolman. It had no name on it. It had witness's name on it the day before he was declared insolvent. It was Mr. Tolman's property then. The reason he put his name on it was to save him paying 25s. for another licence which he would have had to pay had he put Mr. Tolman's name on it. The horse and harness were also Mr. Tolman's. The vehicle was licensed in Mr. Tolman's name as a cab at the Mayor's office. Witness was gambling on the previous night. The amount witness lost had no reference to the horse, which he did not gamble away. Examined by Mr. Giblin The Mr. Tolman who had been mentioned is the man who had proved a debt. In March last witness was the proprietor of a number of cabs and horses. At that time he owed Tolman about £600. Ho hold a bill of sale over their cabs and horses. In the month of March Tolman realised on that security. The property realised about £217. By the sale of those 'cabs and horses witness was deprived of earning his means of living. The object of his hiring a car was that he might earn a living to maintain his family. It was not now usual to hire a car as he had done. ' Examined by Mr. Hookey: Witness had not lost a considerable sum at the gambling table during the last twelve months. He lost more by horse racing than anything. Witness was not in the habit of going to gambling houses every night ; he went when he thought fit. He lost a large sum of money at the Launceston Champion Races. His Honor pointed out that the insolvent had acted unwisely in gambling after he had been declared insolvent. Mr. Hookey remarked that he intended to oppose the insolvent's discharge. The second sitting for the proof of debts was fixed for the 29th July. The Court then rose. POLICE COURT. WEDNESDAY, JULY 10TH, 1868. BeFORE the Stipendiary Magistrate. DisTUiintxo THE PEACE John Worstor'and Jane Watson, fined 5s. for disturbing the peace. DRUNKENNESS-John Griffith similarly dealt with for being drunk and incapable. This concluded the business. THE WEATHER.- We are now in the midst of our winter season, and the weather resembles more an early spring in the old country, than its cold and frosty Christmaacs. We have had one thorough winter's day, namely, on Wednesday the 8th instant, when snow, hail, and rain alternated during the day, with a very cold temperature, and Mounts Wellington and Nelson were covered with snow. Since then, however, the weather has been comparatively fine, with quite sufficient moisture to render agricultural operations easy of carrying on, but with some of the nights and mornings something more than chilly. Whatever may be the shortcomings of Tasmania her climate, changeable though it may be, is certainly genial, and generally devoid of all extremes whether of boat or cold. THE SOHBLII MAIL A few days ago we announced that the inhabitants of Sorell were henceforth to enjoy the benefits of a daily mail, but it would seem that official mismanagement is likely to neutralise the advantages considerably. On the very day of the announcement the Sorell mail was carried on to Port Arthur, and only found its way back to its proper destination on Tuesday. It so happened that an important letter of our own was delayed through this circumstance, or, we should have probably known nothing of the miscarriage On enquiry, however, we find that some of our slow going officials have been opposed to the daily mail, not liking the extra work, and have been representing that the two services cannot work, together. A strong suspicion exists that the miscarriage of the mail was an intentional one for the purpose of maintaining their view. We trust that the hon. the Postmaster-General will enquire into the matter, and that the authorities will be set right. The now arrangements are of benefit to the district, and must be carried out effectively. Oust Su.MjtAitY.-It may be interesting to English readers to be informed that our summary of to-day is printed upon some of the first paper over manufactured in Australasia. It is from Mr. Ramsden's new paper mill in Melbourne, and has been made especially for this journal. The paper mill has only been a few weeks in operation. Its prospects are good, and it would please us much to see such an enterprise established in Tasmania. THE RAILWAY MOVEMENT AT SOKBI.II.-AVo understand that copies of the national railway petitions were recently forwarded to Frances Allison, Esq., July, at Sorell, and that a large number of signatures have already been obtained in that district. Public feeling is said to be decidedly in favor of the railway movement, and is shortly to find vent at it meeting to be held for the advocacy of a national railway policy. TASMANIANS IN Exor.A AVo hour that Mr. W. G. Maddox, M.R.C.S., M.P. O.F., son of the late Dr. Maddox, has been appointed Assistant Surgeon of the Government Lunatic Asylum, Broadmoor', Berkshire and the Rev. Charles Hope, our first Tasmanian Scholar, Mathematical Master of a very large scholastic establishment at Wimbledon, near London. [ It always gives us pleasure to announce the progress of our native youth at home, but we cannot help j regretting that our colony presents so little induce j ment for gentlemen like those 'mentioned to return and settle in it. a CAMPHELL TOWN AMATEUR DRAMATIC CLUB The first performance of the members of the Campbell Town Amateur Dramatic Club was given on Thursday evening at Englebert's assembly room in aid of the Campbell Town hospital. The pieces were "The Spectre Bridegroom," "A Ghost in spite of himself, and "Cherry Bounce," all of which were creditably performed. The entertainment gave great ? satisfaction. SINGULAR ACCIDENT.-Yesterday a lad named Charles Hudson, in the employ of Mr. Annan, baker, Veteran's Row, was taken to the General Hospital, having had the middle finger of his left hand crushed by the wheel of a dray laden with flour, which was being taken to his master's. 'The lad was in the act of putting a stone under a wheel when the horses moved, and the wheel went over the finger, which was dressed by Dr. Stokell, and the boy was taken home. QUEENHOUOUOH IIouTiour.TuiiAL MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATION-The usual monthly meeting of this association took place last evening at the Clarendon Hotel, Mr. Johnston in the chair. The subject which occupied the attention of the meeting was the " Cultivation and Management of Fruit Trees," and in the course of the discussion which took place one of the members (Mr. Backhouse) stated that while on a visit to the Upper Huon district recently he found that the apple crops there) suffered from disease to even a greater extent than ' they did in the neighborhood of Hobart Town. A vote of thanks to the chairman terminated the proceedings. BETHESDA WORKING MEN'S CLUB Last evening, at the Bethesda school-room Dance's comedy of "The Wonderful Woman" was read by members of the G.V.B. Club for the entertainment of the members and visitors, who expressed their appreciation by thanks and hearty applause MAIN LINE RAILWAY COMMITTEE The members of the committee are to meet at the Town Hall this evening at 7 o'clock sharp, for the despatch of business Sr. JOHN'S ASSOCIATION-The members of the St. John's Association gave a miscellaneous reading last evening, at the school-room, Goulbun.»sJtWtC which wasaumorously attended, 