M1ESMERISM. (From the Batlnurst Free 'ress.) ON Wednesday evening Dr. Carr, who llas extended his stay in Bathurst for four more nights, appeared before a fair audience at the Prince of Wales Theatre. In addi. tion to the usual illustrations of miesmeri phenomena which excited and drew down the most enthusiastio applauses of the " House." At the commencoment of the evening's proceedings, the Doctor stepped forward and invited the meeting to choose their own chairman. Mr. T. J. Hawkins, of Walmer, being named, said he had no objection; and accordingly that gentleman went round to the stage and took his seat. The Doctor again stopped forward and said he was prepared to extract tooth or to perform surgical operations without pain to tle'patients; if any persons present needed lisassistance in thosoways, and were willing to submit themselves to mesmeic influence, he should be glad if they would come upon the stage. A boy presented himself for extraction of a tooth; also an elderly man with a cancer on his under lip. With very little trouble, and seemingly without effort, the boy-subjected was soon inducted and the tooth drawn, without the slightest un easy motion on his part, and who on being 'awoke walked comfortably to his seat. The Doctor then came to the front of the stage, and fixing his eyes on a young man who had his arm in a sling, and who sat on a front scat in the pit, made a few " passes"' forward, and the young man slowly rose from his seat and slowly a pproached the stage, which is nearly breast high, where of course his progress was impeded. The Doe. tor, however, commandinqly, though in asi. lenceo, beckoned him to mount the stage, when he at once placed his left hand on the boards and raised himself slowly up, one hand (the left) acting as a lever, and in a few moments he stood close to the doctor. After making a few passes around the head and face of the patient, the doctor placed him in a chair, and taking the bandages off the right hand (from which Dr. Cart had the evening previous amputated a contrac. ted finger) proceeded to take off another finger from the same hand, The operation was soon performed, the hand dressed, and placed in a sling; when the doctor at once awoke him. The young man then expressed his thanks to the dootor, and stated to the audience that he felt no pain during the operation, nor even whilst he was now speaking. He said that he had feltno pain the evening before until about fouir hours after the operation of taking off the first finger had been performed. He also fur ther said, that it had been reported 'in the town during the day that he was dead; but lie would' like to see the 'man who had' spread the report come forward" and prove his words. ' (Laughter and a p)lause.) We should have stated that during the time the Drs, (for-there were two, Dr. Grant of Mudgeo, assisting to dress the hand)' the piainst struck up the "Nervous Cure,' and the patient began to beat time with onei foot, and being raised from the chair, he proceeded in real earnest to "stop it" to the great amnsemont of theo' audience, Tihe 1)r. then stopped the movement and woke the young man; when, looking round, he thanked the Dr., as we have stated above, and leaping froth the stage took his seat in the pit. Dr. , Carr then turned to' the old man who sat in on the stage, and who was soon " fast enough," he brought him to tile front of the stage and placed him in a chair, and the cancer was carefully excised. The blood flowed very freely, and Dr. Grant assisted to tioup theartories. The old man did not more limb or muscle, except once, when he slowly put his hand in the bosom of his waistcoat and took out a handker. chief, as if to wipe away the blood, On boing woke up, which was done' instantano. osly, he said he was 9uito comfortablo and Shadn't felt no pain.' Heo said lie would tell the truth, and bidding "long life to your honour" lie retired. The chairman lere said there would be tan intermission of a quarter 'of an hour. On resuming, the Dr. brought several persons out of the au dience by mesmeric passes, and the usual phenomena were exhibited. A death scone was enacted, and a funeral group formed of several,young men and an interesting looking girl, all under mesmerio influence. They prayed, they sorrowed, they bent over the supposed dead relative, they pladed flowers (small bits of paper which the Dr. let fall near them) uponU the body, thley co. vered the face of the corpse, they throw flowers into the grave; and wuore all seom. iugly in deep distress, until the lMesnmerist suddenly called out " A Ghost" when three of the number sprang to their feet and ran into corners in great terror. They were however, released from their sloop, and be. camne themselves again. Dr. Carr then explained; if we know all the laws of nature the seeming mystery of animal magnetism would at once cease. Ile had never seen the young man who hlad been before the audience, in private; but even if he had, it would have been impos sible to produce the effects (which had now been witnessed) by collusion. The surgi cal operations which had been performed in the presence of the audience, were com. pleted without even a quiver of the eyelid. He believed that nature was one vast uni versal mystery; and we know comparati vely little respecting attraction, repulsion, gravitation, mesmerism, or any other of the great laws of the mental and physical sym pathliet existing. He made these remarks because unworthy imputations ihad been made, in reference to these 'imputations, hle however, must say that he regarded them them as contemptible in the extreme. (Much applause.) Hel then moved a vote of thanks to the chairman, which was given by acclamation, ind suitably acknowledged. Mr. IlHawkins expressed himself thoroughly, satisfied as to the truth of mesmerism; lie had been sceptical with reflreiiee to it ; but from what he had now seen lie was obliged to believe in it. In a small community like that of Bathurst it would be easy to questioni those who had been operated upon, as they are seen every day, and known to be rese pectable.' He thankled them for the expression they liad given. The National Anthem was then played by Mr. Tillin and the audience retired. 