W1EN W I T H F O R T E S . No. IV. THE man with the mysterious forte. has me by the button-hole. Like the "Ancient Mariner," "I cannot choose but hear." I know by his excessive mysteriousn e s s a ^ o u t to make the most commo n "Pl ace observation in the world—ask me to dinner, perhaps ! ^This^is the sort of incantation he goes drawB l3ack the sleeves of his coat until the wristbands of his shirt are fully exposed (I have seen him take his coat off, but he does this only on the most mysterious occasions, generally when he has no observation to make); then he carefully passes his h t hand twice or thrice down his beard, winking at the same time with his right eye, breathing at intervals loudly through his nose (this lasts for about half a minute), and knitting his brows until there seems some danger of their getting into a tangle. Suddenly all these symptoms cease, and he gazes over my head into vacancy. We pause for breath, and I inwardly ejaculate—" Time !" He is at it again! Gradually bringing back his eyes by powerful muscular action, he fixes them again on me, and raising hie right hand, shakes his forefinger at me, like the witches in Macbeth, opens his mouth as if he were about to speak, winks again with his right eye, clutches my hand convulsively, and shakes his head, heaving at the same time a profound sigh. I inwardly ejaculate " Time !" once more. He is sopn up to the scratch again. (I fear he is rapidly boring me tp the ropes, and will soon have my head in chancery, and^then I shall have to get down on my knees.) Back go the sleeves of his coat, almost to the elbow this time. He leads me forth again. I am rapidly becoming excited. Hip eye now winks with a forty-horse power, and his month opens and shuts with alarming rapidity. He shifts his position with apparent difficulty, breathes heavily through his nose (very like a whale), menaces me in the most horrible manner wi$i the forefinger of Ms right hand, and then has another relapse. " Time !" He is up, smiling, and spars for an opening. I feint, and try to get away for breath, but it is no use. He follows me to my corner, and catches me as I am about to drop, tucks my unfortunate head under his arm, and " fires away" at my face. He speaks. I drink his words. " Have I heard the news ?" '' No." (I breathe freely now—freely now.) " M'CuTiiiOCH is going to resign !!!!!" he tells me. " Nev- ab." (I say this tragically.) " Yes, yes/ ' iie says. " He has it on the best authority." I tell him somebody has been playing a lark on him—cramming him, as it were. He gets offended, takes up his little stick with the nob at the end/which he always carries (although I have never discovered its use), puts hip hat jauntily on the side of his head, gives me a most horrible scowl, and leaves me. Base man! He # never asked ' me * to dinner, as * I thought. Why * did I offend * him ? I see him in Collins-street. He is going at a fearful speed; he has crowded on all the canvas he pap c»rry (n&utiopl; phrase), and runs before the wind. I pack on sail too, and give chase. A stem chase is a long chase, butlgradually overhaul uiy friend with the mysterious forte. "Hoy X cry. "Hilloahoy! Hi!" He looks round, makes a mysterious sign with his hand, and increases his pace. " Hoy 1" I cry again; " wait a moment for me," It is no use; he never stops or looks round again? I come up with him. I say, "Well, old fellow, you might have waited a moment; you can't be in such a, jplly hupy as all that,"_ I get nothing but winks $nd mysterious pointings with the little knobby stick. I look up the street in the direction indicated by the knobby stick of my mysterious friend. "I see ftQthiug there, yet all that is I gee," I ask what is it—where is he going ? No janswer. He takes my arm—we hurry on together. The people stare as we rush by—take us for a couple of escaped lunatics, perhaps. We rf&ch; Treasury—he pauses, &ud; looks rouucL I see a man with 9. dust-coat on in tfre 4|sfcfmce» t^P little boys pla^ing on tfye Treasury Bteps, a very dirty swan trying to look caper? ful in the Treasury Reserve, and thjit is aJJ, I again ask what he was after. " Well," he says, as if to himself, " I made sure it was him." "Whom," I ask? "Young what's-his-name. He borrowed my dust- coat the other day, and hasn't returned it yet." And was it for this we raced in the heat of the day up Collinsstreet ? Was it for this ? It was. * * * * • jS I go up to his rooms to fetch him to dinner. The door is locked, and the key-hole stopped up. Suicide at once presents itself to my mind. Can he, in a more than ordinary fit of mysteriousness, have But no—I am weak. Ah! Here is a notice on the door:— Gone out of town; won't be back for a week. Why, he never mentioned a word of this to me. Where can he have gone ? I think for a few moments, and then turn to depart, I get half-way down stairs, when the door is suddenly thrown open, and my mysterious friend stands before me. He is withered and wild in his attire, and his hair is unkempt. " Why, what on earth are you up to now ?" I say. He makes 110 reply, but beckons me like the "Ghost " in Hamlet. I reascend. He leads me in by the wrist, and after about ten minutes' mysterious performance and sleight-of-hand, I learn that he has been pallatising a novel. I ask how tniu^he kas done ? He sayg ^Am a Ji&e; yet—he has been thinking all day about the jbftfe; find -when ! knocked he had just arrived at tlic determmatiotf-to stick to the name of. the book. We go jto dMgfiy \Myimysterloas ffrend takes nothing but gooseberry tart; an$ jpiefci J He sAys',"h6 must keep his brain clear for the mornitog,^ My mysterious friend causes me much uneasiness^ * \ f/i. ^ — — ~ N^ - ' * ^ Next to liiy^^vIjt^^'^omes "Theman with the Analytical 