DESTRUCTION OP HER MAJESTY'S THEATRE. On tbo night of Friday, December 6, one of tho handsomest, certainly, if not the finest theatre in London, went the way of all theatres, aud was burnt to the ground in less than two hours. The fire while it raged was one or tue ucrccst ever Known in uonoon, ana though tho main building, tho beautiful theatre, quickly burnt itself out and crumbled away in a towering pyramid of flame, yet its surroundings continued to blazo as house after bouse in the colonnade caught fire and were burnt from roof to basement. Those build ings facing the Haymarket and Pall Mall also suffered most severely, the houses on the Huyuvirket fiido being almost completely destroyed. The scene wns ono of terrifiio grandeur. The roof of the theatre fell uinid a shower of sparks and burning fragments, leaving & gi gantic mass of white flame in tbo centre, the very heat of which alono was charring up and burning building after building around it. All the steain engines were at full work, and the monotonous thud thud of those worked by hand were tho only sounds which broke upon tbc hoarse roariug of tho crowd and the heavy flap of the great sheet of flame, which seemed to jeopardise tho existence of every building near the place. Over the front of the clubs in Pall-mall the burning fragments fell thick as hail ; indeed, it was impossible at times to pnss along tins thoroughfare without danger of being severely burned. The chiefs of police and the firemen working among these, the shouts and cries of the men on the roof of the building itself and colonnade giving direc tions, omid the glaring uproar bonentb, where to place the engines, the efforts of the soldiers to keep the great moving mass of tho people back, all made up a scene as exciting and as grand in its terrors as the great tiro some years ago at Cotton's wharf. Of the theatre itself, one of the finest in the world, nothing remains but tbo bare roofless walls, and immense musses of charred materials, in indescribable confusion covering the whole space ou which the building stood. All the cosily properties, all the wardrobes of the establishment have perished, as luive also the instruments of tho orchestra, the grand pinuos, and a musical library of incalculable valuo, which had taken years to collce. Mudnnio Titiens alono has lost jewellery worth £1000 to £1200, iu addition to all her mag nificent stage dresses The grutid organ, which cost nearly £800, and all tho stage scenery and decorations, painted for the most part by Tclbin, Grieve, and Ce.lcott, have been destroyed, nud tho whole fabric, with all its .surroundings, is iu ruins. By un odd circumstance, the only thing which has sur vived the general wreck, is tho dress ill which tho ghost in Don Giovanni was wont tube played. Tho actual and prospective loss to Mr. Mnpleston, the lessee, is estimated at £12,000, and tho di.-unter, us it affects him, is greatly aggravated by the fact of his not having been insured to tho amount of a stnglo shilling. IIo was about to offect uu insurance, but it had not been completed. The largo duty chargeable upou theatrical properties is understood to have previously deterred him. In the courso of Saturday, December 7, hor Majesty, through the Lord Chamberlain, sent a tnessngo to him expressive of sympathy anc regret; and a telegram from Sandringbaui, i similar terms, accompanied by un csprcssio of hope that no lives had been lost on th occasion, was received from bis Royal High ?ess the Prince of Wales. Change op Venue. — In the caso of Ru therford and Others v. Sinclair the venue has boon changed by his Honor Mr. Justico Lutwyche, on the application of plaintiffs, ! Arum Brisbane to Toowoomba, 1 