LECTURE ON ABYSSINIA—ITS MANNERS AND CUSTOMS. A very interesting and instructive lecture was delivered last evening at the School of Arts, Pitt-street, on " Abyssinia: its manners and customs, &c.;," by Captain Speedy, formerly of H.M. 81st Regiment, aud for some time in the service of the Emperor Theodorus, and who has recently received a telegram from Sir Robert Napier, forwarded by the Governor of Ceylon, requesting him to join the expedition into Abyssinia. The chair was taken by His Honour the Chief Justice, Sir Alfred Stephen, C.B., who briefly introduced the lecturer. Captain Speedy, he said, had alreaby greatly served his country, and was now about to assist in a great work, that of rescuing some British subjects from a cruel and long captivity. The lecturer then came forward, dressed in the Abyssiuian costume—dark tight trousers, a wide silk belt, a red cloth shirt, and long cap of the same colour; over this was thrown a long white scarf, bordered with red, which they twist and swing about. It is the dress of a Christian. It is worn by men and women, aud also by the Kitig. On the feet are worn leather sandals. As one lecture is not sufficient to give the history of Abyssinia, he therefore proposed to continue the lecture on Saturday. In the year, 1467 a Portuguese priest was travelling in Africa, and met with a people whom he thought to be a portion of the Greek Church. These were the ancestors of the Abyssinians. The present Kmperor is said to be a descendant of Solomon, and is styled the Son of Solomon, Son of David, King of Kings, Emperor of Abyssinia. The Abyssinians think that it is not fair that they should be assisted by the greatest European power, England, as Turkey was. From 1852 to 1862 Abyssinian pilgrims received British protection. Theodore is a usuper. He professes to be the descendant of the Queen of 8heb% and the people generally toliere the same. Captain Cameron visited the Emperor, who received him very kindly, and save him a Utier, making proposals to her Majesty. One of the latest expectations of Theodorus was to restore Ethiopia to its former extent and greatness. The mountains of Abyssinia are about 60 miles from the sea, and that district is very barren ; the road is most difficult, deep gullies, holes, and great rocks scattered here and there. Travelling in Abyssinia with a guide the lecturer arrived at a more fertile country, -where was a village, but he could not say much Tor the architecture. While there a horsemen came up, dressed in the costume in which he (the lecturer) then appeared. He asked some questions, and they went to an enclosure where they saw the chief, not at all of a prepossessing appearance, having but one eye, and greatly pitted with the small pox ; he was, howaver, extremely polite. He (the lecturer) was conducted through a passage ; it was quite dark ; he heard the voice calling, so he went forward and stumbled over poultry, a calf, and lastly what he took to be a cushion, but which turned out to be an old woman, the hostess, lying near the fire. He was th>=n led into a room, which was full of smoke. The servant brought in bis ass, and on he (the lecturer) remonstrating, was told that was the custom of the couutry, and that he would have to comply. The lecturer then gave au accountof an Abyssinian marriage. A girl euters aud bakes cakes for the guests, another brings in wine, and so on. They then call in the priest, who pronounces a blessing. He (the lecturer) should have said that water was brought rouud to wash their hands, by pouring water over them, after which they were not to touch anything. They would not wash in a basin; for they say that the dirt being in the water touches the bauds as they are taken out of the water. At dinner he was eating very slow, the curry being red pepper was very hot; he was told that he must eat faster. To be polite it is necessary to make a great noise iu chewing ; and the proverb is that " only beggars eat silently." The Abyssinians always eat with their fingers and wipe their hands on the table cloth. When presented wine, they pour some out of the bottle into the hands of the servant who presents it. He travelled to a place called Aplato, which was a very fertile country, abounding with sheep and various kinds of cattle. The Abyssinians always prefer a plato, they being so easily defended. When you make a present you should not give money, but paper of needles or some coloured clothes, Arc. The Abyssinians do not wish to sell their hospitality, and consider it their duty to treat a traveller well. He was at one place where they well supplied him with food: a cow, some two or three sheep, and a large quantity of damper, to serve him for the day. At one place he was shown into a large room where about forty chiefs entered and made their bows, <fcc. (The lecturer then twisted his long scarf about and waved his hands, in imitation of the salaams of the chiefs) iinia was reported to be a country where the people, when travelling, cut a slice out of the live animals which they have with them, and then ride on. He found that it was quite' the contrary—they would rather starve than -do such a killing their auimals, they always cut the throat towards Jerusalem, saying, " In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, one God." They then have it well washed, and eat it raw. The following is the manner of eating it; tfcey cut off a piece, about 4 or 5 lbs. of raw meat, by catching hold of one end with the teeth, and the otter with the left hand, and with the right striking with a sword. He was desired to eat, but turned away in disgust; he was told that he must comply with the custom of : the Abyssinians. He then cut off two or three ounces, when they told him that as he was bigger than the others, he should eat more. The tradition is that a king who was fighting with a great enemy was defeated, and a great many of their number were cut in pieces ; on the field of battle they could not make a fire, so they continued to fast for two or three days, when they determined to eat the meat raw. Goudar, though one of the chief cities, is not the' capital Theodore has no capital; he has been a soldier all his lite, and calls the camp in which he happens to be his capital. A few months before his (the lecturer's) arrival in Abyssiania, a John Bell, an Englishman, high in favor with the king, was killed in battle. The people are Chistians, and are skilful in some arts. This dress was wove in Abyssinia. A person with dozens of coats on is considered to to be without clothes, but with nothing but his scarf he is quite dressed. In war they are very good horsemen, following the Parthian system of fightiug. They ride at full gallop, and, having a very powerful bit, can turn very quickly. They have strong swords of two kinds—one like the English ; the other, called " shotel," is a true Abyssinian weapon ; it is something like a sickle* forty-eight inches long, and is t wisted from side to side. It is used as a sickle, and turned the other way as a sword. (The lecturer showed how they guarded themselves in fighting.) On one occasion he was engaged in siugle combat, when the Abyssiuian turning his shotel, struck right down on his head with the point. This nasty long sickle came down on his head. He tfiougt more of the Abyssinian sword since that time. (A laugh.) When skillfully struck, either the sword must break, or the head must come off. They have not many firearms. They have a few good rifles, and some very bad ones. They are very good marksmen over short ranges. They never think of aiming at more than 100 yards. Soldiers are generally supposed to know the use of the cloth. (He then exhibited different modes vf showing contempt and reverence by the handling of the scarf and the attitude.) Iu Abyssinia every man is supposed to be his own lawyer. (Applause.) When a man was supposed to be very clever, he was chosen umpire or judge. The plaintiff and defeudant came before this judge. The •plaintiff swears by the life of the King, and by the God of the King. Then they wager a :.iule or perhaps several; and one ties the other unties a knot in the scarf. In cases of murder there is a j ury. The fee of the judge is a bet. Theodorus, on one occasion, offered to bet a field covered over with gold. But no one took up the bet On one occasion they came to him (Captain Speedy), and said, Will you be judge ?" He replied, " Yes ; aud I hope it will be a good bet." They laid a bet of ten mules, each worth twenty dollars. (( he lecturer then showed how the judge seated himself on the floor and enforced older.) He had several times consented to act as judge but never got the fee. When he asked how this was, they told him they thought he must be above taking a fee. The King, Emperor he ought to be, Theodorus, is a man about five feet niue inches • darker than tit® Abyssinians, who are of an olive colour. He has a piercing black eye ; the people say he has the eye of a lion. He can read your mind at once, His beard is grizzled ; he is a man of about forty-nine ; can walk fifty miles a-day without being tired. He can throw a spear on horseback, and take it up while galloping. He is a good shot. The Abyssinians are a priest-ridden people. Theodcre might say, " I have been a bad king ; but are we to be slaves to Moslems? These English are bringing thousands of black Moslems from India." If jt was to be a religions war it would be difficult; otherwise, it would be nothing. Captain Cameron went down toCassila and Massowa, where the Turks take yearly Abyssinian Christians as slaves. This is an easy process, and consequently slaves were sold cheap—near the place of capture they were 20 dollars, and at . Cairo. The Abyssinians, being unfortunately good-looking, are very subject to this. The slave trade is very extensive, People say that as long as the Sultan is Emperor of Turkey, he must have plenty of slaves. Captain Cameron went into this country against bis (the lecturer's) advice. Theodore asked him fhy he had been to Cassila, to the Egyptians. He replied, " Orders from mv Queen." And why did you to go Massowa ? —"Orders from iny Queen." "You can get orders to go 10 Cassila and to Massowa, and your Queen can't send me a civil answer. Are , my people to be slaves to these Turks—these cursed Islam ?—Never !" And so the dispute began. Then came the case of Mr. Stern, a missionary. The Abyssinians say Mr. Steru had seen the king, and visited the Jews. He was told by the king to retire from the country, on account of the quarrel with England. He sent Mr. Stern away ; told him to go in peace. Mr. Stern delayed to go. The rainy season came on. It was impossible to travel Mr. Stern was imprisoned by the swollen streams. But he was very jolly. He had plenty of friends His guide on seeing him refuse to go on returned to the king. The king inquired of him about Stern. The king became very angry, and said Stern must go away out of the country. (Captain Speedy then described the interview of Mr. Stern with the king, as related by the lecturer's attendant) The servant of Mr. Stern, Giberah Kiikos, had been a rebel; and the king unfortunately had a most exact memory. Kiikos said he could not speak Arabic. But the king recognised him and ordered him to be bambooed. On seeing this Mr. Stern bit his finger, which was considered as a great insult, Mr. Stern said he did it in sorrow. But the king took it as an insult He said what for you bite your finger at me ? What would be said if f n Abyssiuian in England were to make ugly faces 'at the Queen? They beat Mr. Stem too hard. But Mr. Sternhad written a book, entitled " Wanderings among the Felaccas," in which he said that Theodorus was a murderer, and that be had killed six hundred men. Mr. Stern forgot the rule of the good book, " Speak not evil of the King in thy bed chamber." He also spoke of the humble occupation of the King's mother. His book was found in his tent. He was therefore put in chains, and the last thing they did was to chain him haud and foot, and to make him walk eighteen months ia a stooping posture. For the recovery of the prisoners, he (the lecturer) had offered his services; but Dr. Beke, who wanted to grow cotton among JheseJai^ulent4>eopler*»pd~^e«med—to"* = faa~ve° always " a bee in his bonnet," was sent out Dr. Beke went only as far as Massowa ; and hearing there that the prisoners were liberated returned to England. Mr. Raasan was also sent. Mr Rosenthal, nnfortnnatlysaid 12,080 men were coming to ccnquer the country, and hewasimprisoned, Theodore said when England will recognise me as king, as king of kings The king sent for him, the picture and wished to make him his prime minister, instead of John BelL lie said that he wished to leave the next day. The king said that he should stay till he had received presents, and then leave. The lecturer described the various throwing of the scarf in the presence of the King. He at last resolved to stay with the King, and learn the language. The way a soldier carries his spear is stuck out behind, under his scarf, like a dog's tail. The in Ethiopia,! will let them free. The Abyssinians used a stockade for leopards, and kept a kid on one side railed off so as not to let the leopards reach it They had a saying on this : " If you want to make a kid cry, yon must pull the string." Whether it was that Theodore thought as a Christian he should have help from the English or not, he acted on this cruel proverb to get England to move. " Now we hear part of the army has reached Zuluh. Theodore, continued the lecturer, is not a man to be frightened. He does not fear death. His rage is great to find that he is to be beaten by the English. Well, the object of the mission is in God's Jiands. A cousin of his (the lecturer's) own was there. All this trouble has been brought on by irresolution, and from the cavalier manner in which Theodore's first letter was received. No man b'kes to be subdued. If he had received a civil reply, saying " No ; we cannot help you, our policy is peace," all would have beeu well. When people said Theodore wanted to marry the Queen, and when Punch, put in a frightful picture called Tbeodore, when an English officer said " We'll hang the wretch in the chains with which he tormented his victims," all these things did not improve his temper. In conclusion, Captain Speedy said : Having been iu Abyssinia, of course my best wishes were on the side of Abyssinians, but since Theodore has acted so cruelly, there is no question about it : he deserves to be punished. But the hard thing is, we go into that country; we open Abyssinia to the inroads of the Sultan. A lot of people used to be always going to Abyssinia. Well, this year the Sultan goes to England, aud immediately the expedition is sent to Abyssinia. The Sultan wants Abjssinia —Sir Henry Bulwer has promised it to him. The Sultan is very proud. It was beneath him to shake hands with the Prince of Wales. (A laugh.) All this trouble had arisen from a mistake on our part at the outset, in not sending a civil refusal. If we had done this, and sent a few presents, all would have been well But I fear this seven millions of Christians will be now made Mahomedan slaves, and that is too bad iu the 19th century. (Applause.) On the moti'in of the Rev A. H. Stephen, seconded by Mr G. F. Wise, a vote of thanks was accorded by applause to the lecturer. The lectcre lasted two hours, and was listened to with intense interest by a crowded audience. The tall figure, peculiar costume, and oriental attitudes of the gallant lecturer gave a zest to the very important matter of his lecture, He evidently bore away the feelings of his audience in favor of tl\e Christian Abyssinians, The Chairman expressed his conviction that more might be accomplished by the well directed peaceful efforts of the lecturer than by the thunders of British artillery, He was therefore rejoiced to find that Captain Speedy had consented to join the expedition. It was announced by Rev. A. Stephen that Captain Speedy would give a second lecture, in continuation of the subject, at & o'clock oa Saturday evening. 