THE PERIPATETIC PHILO- SOPHER. Quidquid agunt homines votum timor ira voluptas, Gaudia discursus, nostri est farrago libelli." — JUVENAL. Living, as I do, in a gaspipe, I may be pre- sumed to know something about gas. Gas is a great subject – like the printing press, gun- powder, and free selection, it opens a wide field for speculation. This is — if I may be allowed the expression – an age of gas. People become inflated more speedily, and go up more suddenly, and come down again quicker, and "burst up" generally with greater ex- pedition, than they did in former times. We are given to burning life's candle at both ends in this age of ours, and having nearly ex- tinguished our ''brief lights of life" (to use the language of the bard), we take to artificial stimulants and gas. That prolific author Mr. G. A. Sala, has told us all he knew about the "secrets of the gas," but even he did not tell us all about it. A new writer has come forward, and has given to the world some startling revelations con- cerning gas-meters. This gentleman informs us that gas companies are in the habit of charging for their candles, despite the hiding under bushels for any length of time. He tells us that they insist on being paid whether they deserve it or not. He states that he has even "sealed up his meter," and burnt no gas at all, and yet has been charged. This is curious. The gas people exclaim with Salem Scudder, in the "Octoroon," that ''the machine can't lie," and demand one's life berlood, in the shape of taxes, with a calm in- difference to fact and rigid adherence to fiction that is quite Parliamentary. What are we to do ? I am not a married man myself, and, as I have told you, keep house only in a pipe-story sense ; but I believe that some people are afflicted with wives and families, and rent, and cold mutton, and Gas. If so, these persons are rather hardly borne upon. It is bad enough (so I am told) to be obliged to pay for anything, but it must be worse to have to pay for things you have not even had the poor consolation of legitimately owing for. Perhaps the gas companies will explain. Talking of cold mutton and families, reminds me of celibacy. Why is this sudden madness for matrimony ? The English papers are full of the enthralling theme, and even some of our Australian journals have been condescended to notice it. It appears that the young men in England, and the world generally, do not clearly see their way to supporting a wife upon nothing to speak of and a Government appointment. The old story about "love in a cottage" has been disentombed from the grave of sentimentality, and its sad-eyed ghost stalks through the pages of one's morning paper. I thought that in these practical times we had disabused our minds of that pleasant supersti- tion – I imagined that nobody married unless they could afford that luxury, and that we were all practical and positive, instead of theoretical and negative. Youth and beauty are both dead. The first has given way to indifferentism, and late hours, and the second has been swallowed up by Madame Rachel and Parisian fashions. There are no boys older than six, and no girls older than twelve. " If old age only were able, and youth only knew," cries the French wit, "what a world this would be !" Alas, nowadays youth knows too much. "We are arrant knaves all. Believe none of us." And they don't. Women don't love in these times – they marry ; a great difference ; and men love, and don't marry ; a greater difference. So the old-world machine is out of gear, and society is outraged. This is philosophy, and like most philosophy, it exaggerates. We are not much worse than our forefathers. It is the custom to cry down the age. I do it because others do. For my own part, I think that the world is a very good world, and that life is very endurable. It is merely a question of gastric-juice. If we are sentimental by con- stitution, let us read poetry and be happy ; if we are practical by constitution, let us cut axe-handles and be happy ; the worst of it is that the practical people will try and write poetry, and the poetical people are compelled by hard fate to cut axe-handles. This is why we get bad axe-handles and worse poetry ; and unless we establish a company which will reform humanity, and put down human nature, I am afraid we shall never be thoroughly comfort- able. There has been more virtue about lately than I have seen for some time. Good people have taken offence at some exceptional immo- rality at the Varieties, and have made every- body eager to be horrified by titilating public curiousity by ambiguously worded letters in the newspapers. I do not suppose that the Can- can was invented for the delectation of pious persons ; and if pious persons will go to the Varieties they should not be as- tonished at having their moral tendencies outraged. It is not pleasant to be made to blush, but then – why not stop at home ? You may be as moral as you please, but you cannot make me believe that you went to the Varieties to further the interests of religion, my friends. It is, however, a lucky thing that the Varieties Theatre has come under public notice. It shows us that we have a moral Attorney-General and a virtuous press. The virtuous press is, perhaps, a consequence of a moral Attorney-General, so that if the Can- can has done nothing else, it has brought out Mr. G. P. Smith in a new character. I should like to be informed, however, about all this theatrical business. It seems to me that the management of the Royal have been rather hardly used, and considerably abused. I am not weak enough to imagine that Mr. Coppin, being interested in the success of the Theatre Royal, would permit Mr. Roberts to play any original pieces if he could stop him. Fair rivalry is fair-play. But it appears to me that the Theatre Royal pay for Dramatic Authors' pieces as well' as Mr. Roberts, con- sequently Mr. Roberts has not been so un- justly treated, as a sympathising public would desire. The only person who benefits by the affair is Mr. Coppin, and he has publicly stated that he does not benefit at all. In this strait, where are we to go ? Let us shut up our theatres altogether, and agree with the Attorney-General that it is rather a beneficial thing to deprive a few dozen hard-working people of their bread. Magna est humbug, et praevelabit. Mr. Fawkner has been again bothering people about the colony. We have had a good deal of Mr. Fawkner lately. I think enough. We have seen him in all his best imperso- nations. He has played pioneer, and member of Parliament, and justice of the peace to crowded houses, and the public have got a little tired of him. He says that he founded the colony. Other people say that he didn't. I dot not see that it matters much. But I wish that the question was settled one way or the other. These flies on the chariot-wheel think a great deal of themselves, and nobody minds them. Only I wish they wouldn't buzz. I do not know of any political scandal. Ministers are all on their travels just now ; and judging from the humility of depu- tations, are all that is honest, honourable, and excellent. I am glad to hear it. It is true that there have been attacks and accusations never disproved – only denied, but hands that bear gifts need not be clean. The Ministry may console themselves with the reflection that they are martyrs to circum- stances. Some men have honour thrust upon them ; and remembering their previous callings and their inexperience in social and political life, I think that Ministers have done very well. We cannot gather grapes from thorns, nor figs from thistles, and we must not expect too much from these poor fellows. For the philosophical mind there is much to amuse in Victorian politics. Let us cast a backward glance over the past year. We have not achieved much. We have got rid of nothing, plunged the colony into confusion, and ob- tained Jones. This is not payable work. I suppose that I ought to say something about the clerical scandal. It is to me a pain- ful subject. I learn that society has re- corded a verdict of guilty against a man whom I, at all events, hoped was innocent. One's belief in piety is apt to be shaken by such dis- closures as these, but let us not be too hard upon human weakness. I am prepared to ad- mit the heinousness of the sin. When a man is paid to be a burning and a shining light he should fulfil his contract and be one. At all events, if he cannot serve God let him not disguise that he serves Mammon. The attempt to do both at once is disgusting. But his sin has brought its own reward. Let him suffer. Bereft of position, friends, and good name at a blow, the labours of a life destroyed in an instant, he has punish- ment enough. Respect is turned into scorn, admiration into contempt, and soft speeches and flattering words into shrugging of shoulders and wagging of heads. He goes out from among us a dishonoured man. Let him lose himself in the crowd. By the way, what is the Yorick Club ? Some gentleman who writes theatrical notices has been leading the public to believe that there is a dreadful Starchamber of pressmen, a place where actors are condemned unheard, and critics bribed and biassed. This is news to me. And judging the thing by a common sense rule I can only imagine that the bitter- ness of the said writer arises from the fact that he has not been admitted a member of this Yorick Club. I wonder if this the case? Q. 