DESTRUCTION OF HERMAJESTY'S THEATRE. ? i On the night of Friday, the 6th December, one of the handsomest, certainly, if not the finest, theatre in London went the way of all theatres, and was burnt to the ground in less than two hours. The fire while it raged was oneof the fiercest ever known in London, and thougn tne main Duucung, me oeauuim uuouure, quickly burnt itself out and crumbled away in a towering pyramid of flame, yet its surround ings continued to blaze as house after house in the.calonnade caught fire and were burnt. from roof to basement. Those buildings facing tha Haymarket and Pall Mall also suffered most se verely, the houses on the Haymarket side being almost completely destroyed. '?.'-?. i The fire was first observed at about a quarter to 11 o1 dock, and shortly after the first alarm all the neighborhood knew it far and near, for 1 the theatre was one gigantio mass of flame in . a few minutes. Anything like attempts to save property — that is to say, the properties m the theatre— was out of the question, for the inte rior glowed like a furnace, and tho flames, darting through the slight roof, created a ; draught which instantly made all hope of sav ing either the building or anything in it totally impossible.- The fire caused its own alarm, and large draughts of metropolitan police from Scotland-yard were instantly detaohed, under the command of Mr Superintendent Walker and Mr Kettel. They, however, could , do little more than keep off the enor mous orowds that at once collected out of danger. Detachments of the Foot Guards both from the Wellington barracks and the barracks at the back of the National Gallery came up almost simultaneously with .the police. At least half of the troops were in full march ing uniform, the rest in undress flannel jackets, just asthey had been turned out of bed. With the assistance of this force the streets leading to the theatre were kept clear, and the fire mains all round Regent-street. Haymarket, and . Pall Mall turned fully on. The, supply of water seemed ample, and fire-engine after fire-engine as they came rapidly up wore, under the direc tions of Captain Shaw, at. once got into the best positions for cheoking the spread of the flames, for all hope of extinguishing them at their source was hopeless. The glare at this time was seen all over the metropolis, and tens of thousands flocked from all points towards the great centre of the disaster, while cabs, carriages, and even' waggons blocked up the thoroughfares which led to it. In a short time the.steam fire ongineB were in full work, and as fast as the now it is to be hoped obsolete hand engines arrived they too were set to work. The steam engineB threw volumes of water with tremendous force, and. whore their jots fell they seemed to explode in clouds of steam. Not , so with the hand engines, which required some thirty soldiers to work them, and the feeble dribble from which was. ' '? easily directed and governed by one man. The exortions of the firemen wore beyond. all praise. They climbed along parapets and copings at heights which made one cold to look at them, dragging with them great lengths of leather hoso with which to play upon tho flames at any . point that seomod of consequonce, no matter what tho risk to the men themselves. In spito of flama imd smoko, and a terrific florin o! burning fragments, they . kept their places on ihe roof, their comrades below turning now and then jets of water upon and around the men to keen the Bpots cool on which they stood. The gcene was one' of- terrible grandeur. The Toof of the theatre fell arnid a shower of sparks ap.d ' burning fragments, leaving a gigantic inass of white flame in the centre, the very ,Sieat of which alone was charring up and burn ing' building after building around it. All the steam fire-engines were at full work, and the monotonous thud thud of those worked by hand were the only sounds which broke upon the , hoarse roaring, of the .crowd and the heavy flap of the great sheets of flame, which seemed , to jeopardise the existence of every building near the phce. . \- -The theatre was the main source of the whole fire. ? As is always the case with theatres, it burnt like a tarObarrel, but, as usual, left a mass of flame and heat which :worked quickly and surely through into the surrounding buildings. House after house around it was gutted, in Bpite of all the efforts of the firemen. The' flanfes, however, were well within control, and the engines were principally used ±o keep the walls of the main building cool, for in many ?places they were. bulging ominously ._ Still, from this work they had every now and' then to be diverted as fresh flames appeared in the , houses around. It has always been said that Her Majesty's Theatre was so provided with large water tanks on the roof, that anything ; like danger to the building from fire was . im possible. What these tanks were doing it is impossible to say; but one, at least, when the flames reached it,.fcurnt with a fierce flame like so much straw. That there could have been any water in it is impossible. Of the theatre itself, one of the finest in . the world, nothing- remains but the bare, roof _ . less, walls, and immense masses of charred materials in indescribable confusion, covering the whole space on which the building stood. All the costly properties, all the wardrobes, of the establishment have perished, as have also 'the instruments of the orchestra, the ' grand pianos, and a.' musical library of incal culable .value, whioh'had taken years to collect. ? :? Madame Titiens alone has lost jewellery worth from £1000 to £1200, in addition to all her magnificent Btage dresses. The grand organ, which cost nearly £800, and all the stage scenery and decorations,. painted for the most part by Telbin, Grieve and Caleott, have been destroyed, and the 'whole fabric, with all its surroundings, , is in ruins. By an odd oircum ? stance,, the only thing which has survived the general wreck is the dress in which .the ghost. .-. in 'Don Giovanni ' ^ was wont to be played. ??'. :? The actual and prospective loss to Mr Mapleson, the lessee, is estimated at £12,000; and the disaster,., as it. affects him, is greatly aggravated by the fact of his not having been insured to the amount of a single, shilling* He was about to effect an ? insurance, but it. had not been completed. The large duty chargeable upon theatrical properties is understood . to . . have previously deterred him. In Ite course of Saturday, 7th December, her Majesty, through the Lord Chamberlain, sent a message' to him . expres sive of ? her sympathy and regret ; and a .. telegram from Sandringham, in similar terms, accompanied by an expression of hope that no lives : had been lost on the occasion, was re ceived from his Royal Highness the Prince of ' .Wales*. . ? , .. ? '? '.'.'.. 1 As to the origin of the fire little or nothing has been discovered, but the opinion iq: that, if; broke out first about some part of ?the stage. ? Subscriptions are being collected ' for , the relief pf; the employes who have -* suffered most from the catastrophe. , 