LAYI\O THE FOUNDATION.STONE. (Fros Wl'ednnuday? S. Jr. herald.) The benediction and laying of the founda. tion-stoneo of St. Mary's Roman Catholio Cathedral, or at least of that portion of the intended edifice which is at present in the course of erection, took place yesterday, on, and immediately adjacent to, the actual site of the old building. The principal part in the accustomed ceremony was, according to the Roman Pontifical, performed by the Archbishop, the Most Rev. John Bodo folding, who was assisted by his suffragan prelates, the Roman Catholio Bishops of iuaitland, Bathurst, Goulburn, and Enos, by a large body of the clergy, and many thous. ends of the laity. - It is intended, for the present, to go on with the choir, transepts, and nave of this spacious and magnificent structure to the length of about 210 foot in the clear-so as to fully complete those parts of the new cathedral before commencing the remaining portion towards Woolloomooloo.streot; and it is not too much to state that the progress of the work already made was yesterday found by the public to be such as fully to justify the conclusion that it will not be many years before such a completion must cgme to pass, and the church be ready for use. In regard to the exact position of the building, it may be proper to observe that what is commonly called orientation" has been altogether disregarded. From the necessities of the situation, arising chiefly out of the great sizoe of the intended stru-e ture, the now cathedral of St. Mary will range from north to south; the choir being towards the north, and the western side of the church in the College-street line of frontage. Its entire length, when com aloted, will be 350 foot, its least breadth eoing about 74 feet. Thus finished, St. Mary's will, it is believed, be larger than either the cathedrals of Chester, Rochester, Catlisle, Bristol, or Oxford, and not much inferior, in its dimensions, to the cathedrals of Ioereford and of WVolls. The portion it is proposed to immediately complete will be of about the length of the Carlisle cathoe dral, and be very considerably larger than either of the cathedrals of Bristol and Oxford. : The design (from the accomplished and experienced pencil of Mr. W. WV. Wardell of Victoria,) is cruciform in its general plan, and comprises a nave and aisles, two tran. sets: and aisles, and a choir with eastern and western aisles. Oneoof the distinguish. ing' foatures of the general'design of the church will be its unusual breadth, in which it will bear a somewhat close analogy to the cathedral of Lincoln. The entire length is tolo about 350 feet, and the width,'within the transepts, 118 foot; the width across the navo and aisles being about 74 feet between the. walls. It will, when fully complete nearly occupy the entire length of the ground from St. Mary's road to Woolloomooloo* street. Viewed from the Domain, gate, the niorthern front (in which' there is to be a very largo altar.window) will have avery striking effect. Indeed, from the commanding situa* tion which the cathedral is to occupy, and the grandeur of the whole design, St. Mary's cannot fail to prove a most remarkable and beautiful ornament to the city. The space within the choir allotted for the high alta and sanctuary will be about forty.five feet in length, and will be surrounded by the aisle6 and lateral chapels. The organ chamber is to be on the east sldeof the choir, and open. ing from the 'choir aisles by pillars and arches.- The nave, choir, and transepts wil be about ninety feet in height from the floor of the church and will be divided from the aisles respectively by pillars and arches about thirty-five foot in height. .Over the aisles, and opening into the nave, choir, and tran septs throughout, will be a'triforium, and above the triforium a spacious clerestory. There will, moreover, be a central tower or lantern at the Intersection of the nave and transepts with a clear interior height from the floor of the church of one hundred and twenty foot; and at the southern end of the church, next Woolloomooloo.stroot, there will, be two towers with spires, about two hundred and sixty feet in height., Owing to the paramount necessity for economising the expenditure as much as possible-anecessity made still more urgent from the cost entailed by the extraordinary depths to which it was essential to go for foundations-the architect has, it is understood, been compelled to abandon' the Introduction of stone vaulted ceilings, and to have recourse to the ordinary wooden roof. 'The foundations, however are so solidly constructed that those vaulted coilings may yet to built iflit should be deemed advisable, Mr. John Young II the contractor for the works, which are being carried out under the supervision of Mr. Thomas Eves, the resident clerk of the works. The architect, as we have already intimated, is Mr. Wardell. Mr. Young's present contract will carry the walls to the height of forty feet- about one.half of their intended height. It is impossible to speak too highly of the work, or of the material upon which it has been oxhibited. The stones used have all been hown out of the Pyrmont quarries; of enormous size without a single fault to be found in them-the very best that could be got. In addition to the cathedral proper, the design includes two large sacristies, each 32 feet by 20 feet, with strong room for church plate, and other necessary offices, a spacious chapter house, and a residence for the arch. bishop. This will comprise the usual offices for the vicar-general and private secretary, besides accommodation for the resident clergy, and the apartments for the arch. bishop, libraries, domestio chapel, reception rooms, &c.; The design of the whole pile is of the early decorate or geometrical period of pointed architecture, and, thongh of the simplest character, bids fair to realise a thoroughly ecclesiastical and commodious edifice, well suited to its purpose and not unworthy of the metropolitan city in these Australian colonies. The people began to assemble in the north.eastern portion of the enclosure of St. Mary's shortly after ten o'clock-in obedi. once to the summons of a joyful peal from the bells' of the cathedral, which are now hung in the south-western tower, the only portion of the old edifice that has not been utterly destroyed. From that hour to the commencement of the service persons con tinued to arrive in great numbers, until between two and three thousand' persons must have been present.' To the northward of theo'exact site of the future high altar of the church-marked by a cross standing about twelve feet high-was a large tent for the nccommodation of the mayor and aldermen of the city,' and numerous other gentlemen, who had been specially invited to attend. Amongst the vast concourse who witnessed the ceremony were Monsieur L. F. Sentis (the French consul), Senor Don E. San Just (the Spanish consul , the captain of the Margeau, Captain Purcell, Mr. Cropper, DMr. Justice Faucett, the lion T. A. Murray, Mir. W. B. Dalley,. Mr. W. Butler, Mr. E. Bennett, Mr. W. A. Duncan, Mr. Charles Moore (the mayor of Sydney), Mr. Alder man Butler, Mr. Alderman Chapman, Mr. Alderman IIordern, Mr. Alderman lHurley, DMr. Alderman Murphy, Mr. Alderman Steel, Mr. J. IHart M.L.A., Mr. Hurley M.L.A., Mr. John E. Manning, the Very Rev. Dr. Forrest, the rector of St. John's; Dr. Gil. hooley, Follow of St. John's; Mr. Charles Lett, Mr. Cuthbert, Mr. Montague Scott, Mr. James Mullins, Mr. Robert Covony, DMr. Friel, Mr. Barlow, Mr Jeremiah Donoe. van, Mr. James Curtis, Mr. William Curtis, Mr. Ruble, Mr. Jeremiah Moore, Mr. John IIourigan, Mr. Me Carthy, and many other -entlomen and citizens taking an Interest in the ceremony. The Most Rev. the Arch. bishop, on his arrival at the most southern. most tent, was accompanied by Dr. Murray, the Bishop of Maitland; Dr. M. Quinn, the Bishop of Bathurst; Dr. Lanlgan, the Bishop of Goulburn; and Monseigneur d'Enos, the Vicar Apostolio of Oceanica. The Vicar-General' (Dr. Sheehy) and about sixty other priests of the archdiocese were also present and took part in proceedings. The Archbishop and Bishops were vested with rochet, amice, alb, girdle,. and stole, and wore white copes and mitres. Each prelate was accompanied by his chaplain. 'he mitre and robes of the Archbishop.were magnificent in the extreme. Four or five of the principal clergy likowise woro copes; but most of the priests appeared in'their cassocks and surplices. The cantors were the Vicar-General and the Rev. Messrs. Dwyer, O'Connell, and Quirk. These gentlemen were assisted by Mr. Cordnor, the organist of the cathedral. H is Grace, fully robed, and holding the crosier in his left hand, first blessed the salt and water in the appointed form, after which the choir chanted the antiphon SBgnum salutis pone, and'the Psalm Quam dilecta. This being ended, the Archbishop, standing towards the place whereon he had already sprinkled the water which had been blesse recited the prayer, "0 Lord ' God, 'who, although the heaven and earth cannot con tan Thee, &e.;" In this prayer the name of the Virgin Mary was expressly mentioned as being that of the saint after whom' the church was to be called, and a blessing was invoked upon the place, and upon the work. 'The Rov. Padre Barsanti preached" an eloquent sermon in English, taking for his text the 10th verse of the 28th' chapter of Isaiah:-'" Therefore, thus saith the Lord God: Behold I will lay a stone in the foundations of Zion; atried stone, a corner stone, a precious stone, founded in the foundations. : He that believeth let him not hasten." The reverend preacher, although called upon to address a vast audience in a language wherein his dimlculties were ob viously those of pronunciation alone, was listened to throughout his discourse with a breathless interest. The sermon being ended, Mr.' Robert Coveny and Mr. James Mullins approached the Archbishop, and on behalf of the com. mittee (as the honorary treasurers of the same) presented his Grace with a splendid gold trowel, manufactured for the occasion by Mr. Delarue of George-street. This very beautiful- work of art excited universal admiration. The metallic part or blade of the trowel Is of solid gold, weighing about twelve ounces. The handle is of ivory, handsomely finished," but of 'a somewhat plain and simple pattern. At the junction of : the blade ,with the handle is:a shield bearing the 'archbishop's arms,, blazoned with the arms of the archiepisoopal see. Near this shield (and connecting it with the handle) is a solid figure of an angel with expanded' wings.' On the broadest portion of the trowel-blade are ropresetations of the late, and of the intended, cathedral of St. Mary. The whole workmanship demands the highest praise. Below the bas-reliefs is an inscription. The Bishop then, standing without his mitre, blessed the first stone, saying the versicles, and offering up the following prayers:-" 0 Lord Jesus Christ, Son of the living God, who art true God Almighty, the splendour and imagoeof the Eternal Father, who art the corner stone cut out from the mountains without hands; and the un changeable foundation; establish this stone to be placed in Thy, namue and Thou who art the beginning and the end, in which beginning God the Father created all things from the first; be Thou, we beseech Thee, the beginning and the increase, and the finishing of the work itself, which is to be begun to the praise and glory of Thy name. Who, with the Father and the Holy Spirit, livest and reignest, God, world without end. Amen." "Holy Lord, Father Almighty, everlasting God, vouchsafe to bless this stone for the foundation of a church in honour of Saint N. Through our Lord Jesus Christ, thy Son: a tried stone, a oor ner stone, a precious stone, founded in the foundation, concerning which the Apostle saith, but the Rock was Christ. Who with Thee and the Holy Ghost, liveth and reigneth, God, world without end. Amen." His Grace then blessed the stone, using the words "Benedio Domino creaturam Islam lapidis, &n.;" . Next was said, or rather chanted, the Litany of the Saints, the priests chanting the suffrages. After that the Archbishop began the antiphon, "Ifane surgons Jacob, &o.;," the choir following him and chanting the Psalm Nisi Dominus. This having been done, the Prelate, stand. ing in his mitre touched the stone, and placed it in the foundation, saying these words:-" In Ode Jesn Christi collocamus lapidem istum primarium in hoe funda mento: In nomine Patrie, et Filii, et Spiritus Sancti, ut vigeat vera fides hie et timor Doi, fraternaquo dilectio, et si hlo locus destinatus orationi, et ad invocandum, et laudandum nomen ejusdem Domini nostri Jesu Christi, quli cum Patre, et Spiritu Sancto vivit et regnat Deus, per omnia scocula stculorum. Amen." The stone was then properly sot by the mason, and the Psalms fiserere mel Deus, ,undamenta ejuis, and Lootatus sum, with the appropriate antiphons, were sung by the choir. The Archbishop, with the bishops and clergy following, then went round the foundations. After some further prayers the Veni Creator Spiritus was sung, a4 the end of which the service was con. eluded by two rippropriato prayers, offered up by the Archbishop. The amount collected at the close of the ceremony has not yet been exactly ascero tained; but it is believed to be over £1700. The ceremony having been concluded, his Grace proceeded to the platform and re eumed his seat, surrounded by the bishops and clergy who had assisted. A committee which had boon appointed atsa publio meet. ing to prepare an address of congratulation to his Grace then approached, headed by the Hon. J. H. Plunkett, who presented the address, stating that the pleasure he felt in doing so was enhanced by the recollection that thirty-three years ago he had, on nearly the same ground, presented an address to his Grace on his arrival in the colony. His Grace replied. This ended, the ceremony, which had lasted for several hours. 