CONSECRATION OF ST. ANDREW'S CATHEDRAL. (Abridged from the S. M. Herald, Dec. 1.) ON November 30, in the presence of a very great concourse of persons, the Anglican Cathe-<*> dral of St. Andrew, in this city, was consecrated according to the rites and ceremonies of the Church of England by the Metropolitan Bishop (the Bight Her. Dr. Frederick Barker) who was assisted by the Suffragan Prelates—the Bishops of Adelaide, Melbourne, Newcastle, Brisbane, Goulburn, and Tasmania—together with the Dean of Sydney, Canons Vidal, Stack, King, and O'Reilly, and a large body of clergymen. This fine building has, therefore, after the lapse of many tedious years, at length been opened for the performance of Divine service, in con formity with the use of the Church of England. At half-past 10 o'clock the Metropolitan and his six Suffragan Bishops began to assemble in the temporary building on the north side of the cathedral, where they were joined by about seventy clergymen. Thence the prelates (in their episcopal habits) with their clergy (vested in hoods, stoles, and surplices) walked in pro cession across the enclosure on the north of the church to the great western entrance, where they were met, at about five irinutes to 11 o'clock, by the Very Rev. DeanCowper, with other members of the Chapter of the Cathedral. There the Dean, on behalf of the Chapter, pre sented to the Metropolitan the formal petition for the consecration of the Cathedral Church of St. Andrew, and the document was read aloud by Mr. Barker, the Registrar of the dio cese. The Metropolitan Bishop intimated that it was his intention to comply with the prayer of the petition, whereupon the Dean and Chap ter having joined in the procession, the Metro politan (followed by the other Bishops and clergy in attendance), proceeded up the middle aisle to the altar, alternately repeating the 24th Psalm (Domini est terra.) The Bishops having taken their places within the Communion rail?, th« sentence of consecration was read by the Chan cellor and signed by the Metropolitan. The document was handed to the Registrar to be registered, which being done, it was returned by that officer to the Bishop, and by him laid upon the Communion Table. Then the Metro politan, standing on the north side of the Lord's Table, turned to the congregation and said:— " Dearly beloved in the Lord, forasmuch as devout and holy men, as well under the Law as under the Gospel, moved either by the secret inspiration of the Holy Ghost, or by the express command of God, or by their own reason and sense of order and decency, have erected houses for the public worship of God, and separated them from all profane and common usei —which godly practice hath a manifest tendency to fill men's minds with a becoming reverence to the Divine Majesty, and to affect their hearts with devotion and humility in the service of God, let us humbly hope that our Heavenly Father will favorably approve our present purpose of setting apart this place in solemn manner for the performance of the several offices of religious worship; and let us faithfully and devoutly beg His blessing on this our undertaking.". Then followed the Lord's Prayer, in which the whole congregation (con sisting of between three and four thousand persons) joined; and next, was said the prayer "O, Eternal God;" after which, the Metro politan repeated the Bix collects having special reference to the future ministrations of the Church in that building, imploring Divine blessing upon the same. The morning service then commenced, the Proper Psalms being the 84th, the 122 nd, and the 132 nd. The First Lesson was taken from the Bth chapter of the First Book of Kings, from the 22nd to the 62nd verse. This lesson wa3 read by the Very Rev. the Dean of Sydney. The Second Lesson (taken from the fourth chapter of the Gospel of St. Luke, from the 11th to the 21st verse) was read by the Rev. Canon Stack. Here, and in the subsequent service, the collect used was that of St. Andrew's Day, with a special prayer for the occasion. In the ante- Communion service the opening prayers were read by Dr. Short, the Bishop of Adelaide. Dr. Thomas, the Bishop of Goul burn, read the Epistle ; the Gospel being read by Dr. Perry, the Bishop of Melbourne. In this service, as in the Order for Morning Prayer, there were several special prayers for the occa sion ; one after the Collect for the Queen, and one after the Prayer for the Church Militant. The first anthem (in the Morning Prayer) was the Ist, 2nd, and 4th verses of the 84th Psalm, Quam Dilecta— (Richardson). The Grst hymn was, " Christ is made the sure Foundation" —(St. Werburgh)—and the second, that before the sermon, was the well known hymn, be ginning with these words —"Jeßus calls us o'er the tumult," &c.;—(Batti). In consequence of the length of the service there was no volun tary. The preces and responses were Tallis', and the Venite, that by Philip Hayes. The chants of the Proper Psalms were by Hine, W. Hayes, and D. Purcell. The Te Deum, Grego rian , fifth tone, 2nd ending, and seventh tone, Ist ending. The Kyries in the ante-Communion service were by Narer, in F, and the chant for the Niccne Creed, by John Goss. The Sen tences at the Offertory (a very large one) were read by Dr. Tufnell, the Bishop of Brisbane; and the Prayer for the Church Militant was said by Dr. Bromby, the Bishop of Tasmania. The Metropolitan then preached the Sermon. Text: Matthew iv., 19. " Follow me, and I will make you fishers of men." The sermon concluded in the following words: — " The expense of maintaining the cathedral will he upwards of £1000 a year. For the greater part of this amount we rely upon the offertory alone. The seats in the cathedral are free, and at present the endowment is small. I trust that your contributions on the present occasion will be large and encouraging to those upon whom the responsibility of management rests, and that any difficulties on the score of expense will bo removed by the liberality with which on all occasions the worshippers offer of their sub stance to God. If duly maintained and properly managed, I doubt not that this cathedral will be to many what the apostle whose name it bears : was to his brother Simon. Andrew first found , his own brother and brought him to Jesus. It surely is the proper end of the Ministry to bear witness for Christ! For a like purpose this cathedral is built. This house of God is to be ' the gate of heaven.' To this end it has now been dedicated as a sanctuary in which His name is blessed, and where he will meet and bless his people. Here, then, may the souls which are seeking light and hope be brought to find the blessedness of peace with God, through the Saviour whom here they meet. Here may the Ministry of the Word be marked by Apos tolic zeal, by brotherly love, by faith in the Redeemer, by earnest and successful efforts for the salvation of men. And, my beloved breth ren, who are present as worshippers to-day on this solemn and deeply interesting occasion, let me ask your prayers on behalf the cathedral and of those who minister therein, that it may become and ever remain a source of spiritual blessing to the city in which it is the principal church, —that its services may be orderly, reverent, and spiritual,—that its clergy may be wise and skilful in winning souls, and that to many, in all times, it may be a means of grace and peace. Learn also, I pray you, dear brethren, from the example of the Apostle St, Andrew, to care not only for your own salvation, but also for the souls of your brethren. «Am I my brother's keeper' was the wicked answer of a wicked man. 'One is your master,' and all are your brethren. Seek, then, the good oi others in your sphere of life, and according to your opportunity. Let it be your aim to bring some to Jesus, and especially those of your own household. Let your own life testify to the happiness of being a follower of Chri-t, so that others may well walk with you in that happj way whicli leadeth to life eternal, and of whicb the blessed end is to be for ever with the Lord.' After the sermon the Holy Communion vrai administered. The entire service was of a Cathedral charac ter, the morning prajera being very ably chantec in monotone, by the Rev. J. C. Corlette, thi Precentor. The responses and the Psalms wen chanted by seven-y- six lay clerks, and choristers The offertory was given to the Building Fund His Excellency the Governor and Lady Belmori were present. The appearance of the interior during thi services was very striking, the thousands o worshippers, and occasional bursts of musii having a most impressive effect. Mr. Moctagui Younger presided at the organ, and it is almosl needless to say, did full justice to the remark able powers of that instrument. The chant in | was excellent; indeed the entire service appearec to give very great satisfaction to all present many of whom had never before seen the interio of St. Andrew's. There was a Cathedral Service in the eveninj at which the Bishop of Adelaide preached. Colonial Ihdustby.—During the pr.eenf week a new branch of industry has been com menced in the colony, Mr. Zollner having erected and set to work his newly imported inachin-ry for the construction of kerosine tins. This new line of manufacture is commenced op portunely, just as the Western Kerosine Com pany is about to commence operations at theii workB at Waterloo, and when the older company is enlarging the scale of its operations at Hart ley. Mr. Zollner has at present only turned out a few hundred tins, just to furnish a sample of the work and to determine the cost. But he could, if orders came in, supply twelve hundred tins a day. Drowsing of Two Beothebs.—A very dis tressing occurrence took place in Sydney barboi on Saturday evening, whereby two young men lost their lives. It appears, on Saturday afternoon, Alfred Oatley and James Oatley, aged respec tively nineteen and twenty-one years, sons of Mr. Frederick Oatley, of Ocean-street, Wool ahra, went out on a fishing excursion. They were accompanied by a younger brother and a Mr. Ball and his son. After fishing for some time in Rose Bay, a short distance from Point Piper, and night coming on, they began, about half-past 7 o'clock, to make preparations for re turning home. The younger of the two unfor tunate youths, in attempting to haul up the kedge, which had got entangled amongst some weeds, fell overboard, and sank almost immedi ately. The eldest at once jumped in after his brother, when, Bad to say, he too sank, and neither of them it is said rose to the surface again. The eldest could swim very well, but the other could scarcely swim at all. The remainder of the party, after waiting for a short time and failing to see any thing of either of the two youths, hastened to the shore, and the melancholy tidings were soon communicated to the parents; tho police also were made acquainted with the occurrence. Early next morning several gentlemen resident in the neighborhood went out in boats and commenced a thorough search for the bodies; and the Water Police, on hearing of the accident, at once proceeded with two of their boats to the piece where it occurred, and assisted in dragging for the misaing youths. Alter dragging for some time in all directions the bodies were at last brought to the surface by Richard Elms, of Double Bay. The bodieß were found a short distance from each other, but not far from the spot where they went down. They were taken on shore, and were then conveyed to the residence of the bereaved parents. Both youths were very much re spected, and their sad and untimely fate has caßt a gloom over the neighborhood in which their parents reside.— S. M. Herald, Novem ber 30. THE DEATH OF MR. CHRISTIE, J.P.—An in- quest on the remains of Mr. Christie, of Narra- mine, who was found drowned, was held on the 21st instant. The Dubbo Dispatch gives the following particulars of the unfortunate gentle- man's death and the circumstances that led thereto :— "It appears that he was very low in spirits for some weeks past, and since the Mon- day previous to his death he was confined to his room. He allowed some difference between his partner, Mr. W. C. Wentworth (who is coming out from England) relative to an unfortunate occurrence which happened a few months ago at Haddon Riggs, to prey upon his mind. On Friday he appeared to be more than ordi- narily nervous and agitated. Mr. G. Cox, an overseer employed at Narraimne, was with him nearly all day, and left the room about 6 p.m. At 7 o'clock (just after tea) hearing that Mr. Christie wanted him, Cox went in, and found deceased was not in his room. He then searched all the buildings in the vicinity, but no trace of the unfortunate gentleman could be found. A general search by all the men in the establish- ment was then instituted, but no traces could be discovered. Mr. Todhunter (who had been sent for at deceased's request) arrived from Wambiana about 10 o'clock; and upon being informed that Mr. Christie was missing, he or- dered a fresh search, which was made, but it proved unavailing. At daylight on the follow ing (Saturday) morning the searching parties renewed their labors, and they had not long been out when a scream from a black gin ar- rested the attention of Mr. Cox, and that gen- tleman rushed over, and the gin, pointing to the river, said, 'Master along a water.' Look- ing down, Mr. Cox was horrified to see floating on the water the dead body of poor Mr. Chris- tie. It is clear that, while suffering from some aberration of his mental powers, he ended his long and useful life by drowning. Tho hole in which he was discovered is about 100 yards from Narramine house. To get to it a steep bank has to be traversed, and even then at the bottom of the hill there is a false bank some twenty yards from the water's edge. Mr. Christie must have slid down to this, and then gone into the water. Deceased was 56 years of age, and a native of Ayrshire, Scotland. He was a resi- dent of the Macquarie for the last fifteen years, and a partner of Mr. Wentworth's since 1853. Previous to joining that gentleman as part owner of those extensive sheep and cattle sta- tions, Narramine, Wambiana, Haddon Riggs, Murrianbone, and Butterbone, he was general manager of all Mr. Wentworth's properties on the Murrutnbidgee, Liverpool Plains, and Mac- quarie. Mr. Christie had, by a life of industry and perseverance, succeeded in amassing a princely fortune ; and at the time of his death he was one of the richest — if not the very richest — man in the district. At the inquest the jury returned the following verdict:— ' We are convinced that the body found this morning on the Macquarie River, at Narramine, is that of the late John Christie, of Narramine. Death was caused by suffocation, having been drowned, and the act committed whilst laboring under a fit of temporary insanity.' " The S. M. Herald of the 2nd instant says : —" The Mataura will proceed direct to Eng land next month. It is probable, therefore, that the line of steam-traffic, via Panama, will be discontinued. A council was held yesterday morning, when the passenger list showed only one (second class) passenger for Southampton, and two for Panama by the Rakaia. The steamer which was intended to have been sent next month in the ordinary course, will leave Melbourne for England. She will pass through the Straits of Magellan, and take such pas- sengers and merchandise and gold as may offer, steaming all the way home. For the last two or three months the number of passengers has been insufficient to justify the continuance of the line, probably resulting in part from the want of confidence occasioned by the prevalence at one time of yellow fever, and subsequently by the recent earthquakes and hurricanes. We very much regret this termination to a spirited enterprise which has been so well conducted, and hope that means will be found hereafter to renew it with brighter prospects and better success. Nothing has been spared in providing for the comfort of the passengers; and, upon the whole, the voyages have been successful under the experienced management of one of the best known masters in the commercial marine — Captain Vine Hall." At the close of the evening service in the Cathedral on the day of its consecration, whilst the congregation were about to disperse, several persons near the Rev. Thomas Smith, of St. Barnabas's Church, observed that gentleman (who was sitting in the choir) suddenly change color, and exhibit other signs of very serious in disposition. Before his friends could come to his relief the reverend gentleman's head sank back on the seat, and then, swaying forwards, he fell heavily on the floor of the church, striking him self severely on the head and body. The reverend gentleman had evidently been seized with an apoplectic fit, and remained in a state of insensibility. Happily, a medical man was soon in attendance. Mr. Smith was promptly removed to his residence, where every care that affection and medical skill could suggest, was lavished upon him; but it was not until 2 o'clock yesterday afternoon that, by the agency of powerful remedies, he regained any con- sciousness. He still lies dangerously ill, and is suffering great pain, but, on inquiry at his resi- dence yesterday evening, it was found that un- favorable symptoms had not again manifested themselves. The alarming illness of this re- spected clergyman has been a source of much concern to his parishioners, and of great grief to a very wide circle of friends.— S. M. Herald December 3. A SINGULAR prospectus of a new newspaper (says the Argus) has just been issued by the Bishop of Melbourne. It appears that the Church News has committed the great sin of being edited by a gentleman who has not been accredited by, and is not responsible to, the Bishop of Melbourne. The articles are not presented for the approval of his lordship ; thie is to be altered. The Bishop himself will enter the newspaper arena, attended by a whole army of editors and contributors — not one word of their effusions, however, being allowed to be published save such as meet with his approval. The paper is to be called The Church of England Messenger for the Diocese of Melbourne, and the public are informed that the editorial staff will consist of the following gentlemen:— Lead- ing articles— Rev. R. B. Dickinson ; English In- telligence— Rev. G. Goodman ; Diocesan Intel- ligence — the three archdeacons ; intelligence from neighboring colonies — the Hon. T. T. A'Beckett ; correspondence — Rev. Dr. Dromby ; miscellaneous — Rev. M. H. Beecher and Rev. G. O. Vance ; sub-editor—Mr. J. H. Thompson. WRITING from Yetman, on the Macintyre River, the correspondent of the Maitland Mercury says :—" Talk about rain, there must have been something extraordinary in the shape of rain somewhere up the river; a sort of celestial Niagara must have fallen, I should think, if one may judge by the rapidity with which the river rose last Tuesday (10th Novem ber). Between 9 and 10 o'clock a.m. of that day, two young girls went over without wetting their feet, and they came back a little after 10 o'clock, and still there were no signs of a fresh ; but at 12 o'clock our attention was called to the river by a great roaring, and upon rushing to the bank to ascertain the cause, what was our sur prise to find that the river, which less than two hours before was only a chain of waterholes, connected by ripples so small that children could easily step over them, had risen to within ten feet •of the top of the bank, and was still rising at the rate of thirteen inches per hour, although the surface of the river was more than a hundred yards across. When I affirm that the river had risen nearly thirty feet in less than two hours, I think that most people will agree with me in thinking that there has been a kind of celestial cataract somewhere up the river, or that the basin of the Macintyre has been tilted up by an earthquake, and the water thus cast to the lower side. It must have come down like a great wall, and with frightful force, for Mr. Simpson's new washpool at Trigamon (the next station up the river), though, considered^ sub stantial one, was carried clean away* in a moment, not even a trace of its whereabouts being left ; and were it not for the great courago and exertions of Mr. J. 0. Higginson, the superintendent, a fine flock of sheep would have been swept away too." A Lucky Fellow.—lt is not generally looked upon as " slice of good luck " to be taken to a watch-house and locked up for the night, with the view of being brought before " their Wor ships " on the following morning, charged with havingbeen drunk and disorderly. But a case has occurred which proves that it is not always a misfortune to be taken care of by the police. Some gold-digger, who had lately arrived in the city, yesterday imbibed a sufficient quantity of alcoholic liquor, in honor, it is presumed, of its being St. Andrew's Day, as to make him not only as " drunk as a wheelbarrow," but also extremely pug nacious and noisy. He found his way into George-street, and by his uproarious conduct disturbed the peace of the neighborhood and drew a large crowd around him. A constable came up, and used his utmost endeavors to persuade the fellow to go peaceably home, but finding his efforts fruitless, he at last took the man into custody and walked him off to the police station. On the usual search being made bills of exchange and bank notes representing in value upwards of £200, were found upon him. Had he remained at large, he would probably have been relieved of his money. But having been locked up, and his possessions taken care of by the police, in his sober moments he will no doubt congratulate himself on his good fortune. Such instances are not un common ; but as a rule persons who owe so much to the vigilance and character of the police, arc not often very mindful of the obliga tion which they are under.— S. M. Herald. The Melbourne Argus relates:—"Another smgular ttory has turned up in the Insolvent Court, the facts being brought to light by the opposition of Mr. Jacomb, official assignee. It appears that Daniel Wilson was a reporter at Sale, and uncertificated under an old insolvency, when he filed his schedule a second time to get rid of his debts. He did not then know, but soon afterwards did, that he had been left pro perty in his native country wortli some £3000. He had borrowed money from a firm of money lenders, on the strength of a coming legacy, at the rate of £50 profit on an advance of £30, and the £80 hadJbeen paid. He borrowed £60 after wards, for wliich in due time he paid £120. He had then borrowed in all £500 from Ninnis, a watchdealer, in Bourke-street, giving power to Ninnis to receive over £1000 for the accommo dation!" Thb municipality of Geelong lias a marine i d™c»"ty of a serious character to deal with, ■ which, it is to be hoped, may be orercome with out the sacrifice of an alderman. The Qeelorui Register says :—« It has been known for some , time that an unusually large and ferocious shark . frequents Corio Bay, but we were scarcely pre ! pared fo- such particulars as we received on j Saturday afternoon, from Antonio, a Sicilian, and well-known fisherman in Geelong. It ap ! pears thai on Friday, about S p.m., Antonio, with two other fishermen, were on the bay in a j boat almost thirty feet long, which Antonio was | steering with an oar, when he observed a shark ■ an enormous monster, described as over twent^ feet long, rushing directly at the boat. The oar which was being used as a rudder entered its mouth, which the B hark broke like a match, carrying away about five feet of it, and struck the boat so heavily that one-half of it was com pletely out of the water. The men—experi enced fishermen—and Antonio, welLacquainted with sharks in other parts of the world, ac knowledge that they were never struck with such terror before. To use their own worde, they felt as white as a piece of paper. Had the boat been of lighter build it must have been overturned, and little chanco the three men would have had if once in the natural element of the monster which attacked them. The object of the men in relating the above to us was to ascertain if the Corporation of Geelong would net take steps to destroy the dangerous animal. If the various circum stances deposed to by our informants are abso lutely true, and we have not the least reason to doubt them, then steps should be taken to destroy the monster, which has become a terror to hardy and skilful seamen. It will be remem bered that four years since, this month, a young man, Mr. Warren, jun., was cruising in the bay, when his dog fell into the water. Mr. Warren, who was an excellent swimmer, immediately j jumped in after it. He, however, suddenly dis appeared, and his body was never found. It is the thorough belief of our informant that he was swallowed by a shark, probably the one above referred to, which has been well known to the fishermen from that time. On another occasion the same fishermen who related the above killed a shark six feet long, which they captured in their nets, and, according to ous tom, threw it into the water, when almost im mediately, and whilst it was still close to the boat, the larger shark rushed at and seized the dead fish, almost capsizing the boat in so doing. In his early life, Antonio practised his vocation in Sicily, the waters of which are noted for the size and voracity of the sharks which infest them; but he says he never saw one which for size, voracity, and daring, equalled the monster which for years past has frequented the bay." The Australasian's Peripatetic Philosopher sayß: —•♦ Men change their dispositions as they change their climate. Do we not remember the glowing letters we were wont—for the firat six months—to send home ? How we described the voyage, and the captain, and the passengers, and the crew—how we gave our experience of the tropics, and our impressions of the Southern Cross—how we revelled in accounts of Mel bourne, and talked about ' lucky diggers' and buck-jumping horses—how we found out that society here is not very different from 'society at home'—how we begged to be re membered to Kate, and Polly, and Annie, and inquired anxiously after the ' baby.' By-and bye we get less communicative, and receiving a carte de visite in which the ' baby' looms im mense in conjunction with a cricket bat and | white flannel trousers, we lose all interest in I ' my people at home,' and relapse into the news paper phase of friendliness. The ' return of the exile' is all humbug. Poets may write as they will about the 'sacred joy 1 of clasping relatives in one's arms, but those who have tried the process have experienced a totally different feeling. « The old people' have been living in the same spot, have seen the same faces, the same trees, the same houses the 'exile' knows nobody, his friends are all in that new country he has left. He expects to find the orchard where he stole apples, and the duck-pond where he drowned kittens, but they are not. His heart is bubbling over with love and affection and pent-up memories, and he is received by some novus homo who knows him not. It is, ' Hallo Jack, old fellow, who would have thought of seeing you ? Sit down!' His favorite sister is married to some person he has never seen, and doesn't care about. His old sweetheart is Mrs. Tomkins, with three children and a fat husband, and the little « baby • he left behind him is now fifteen, and impudent beyond his years. The talk is different, the dress is different, the people are different, and exile goes back again to Australia, lighter in pocket and heavier in heart." Onb of the most extraordinary escapes of seven or eight persons from a sudden and fearful death occurred on Monday afternoon, at Cowie's Creek, and is thus related by the Oeelong Ad' vertiser: —"Mrs. James Welsh and Mr*. George Osborne went out for a drive with their children, eight in all, in a light spring vehicle, belonging to Mr. Welsh. When they reached Cowie's Creek Mrs. Welsh got out, her inten tion being to give the horse, a spirited animal, a feed while the party enjoyed themselves around the apot near the top of the oliffij over the north-western shore of Corio Bay. Mrs. Welsh took the winkers partly off the horse, in order to get the bit out of his mouth, when he suddenly took fright and bolted. Mrs. Welsh was knocked down and run over. The horse continued his career, making straight for the cliffs, whioh here rise almost perpen- I dicularly to a considerable height, Mrs. Osborne and the children all beig in the trap. The frightened animal was making straight for the brink, and a fearful death for the whole party appeared imminent. This seemed certain as the horse neared the edge without swerving in the least, and at last Mrs. Ojborne gave up all hope, as he rushed to the verge and actually went with his fore feet over the edge. With an instinct that seemed won derful, however, he, apparently seeing the danger, made a terrific effort and reinstated himself on level ground. This sudden jerk and the impetus was so great that one of the wheels of the trap then went over the edge, and for the second it appeared as if the whole party would still roll down. By another great exertion the horse managed to draw the cart out again, and the danger was at an end, for the animal was so exhausted by his efforts that he was compelled to moderate his pace, and was easily got in hand I again. Mrs. Osborne and the children sustained I no injury of any consequence, but were of course greatly frightened, as well they might be. A cobbbspondbnt of the S. M. Herald, who signs himself " Curious/ puts the following amusing queries to the editor :—" Sir, —I ob serve that Mr. Robertson, when narrating to his constituents the various services he has ren dered to the country, stated that on two ocoa sions last session, he knocked the Ministry into a cocked hat. Not being able personally to attend the debates, I have never seen this pro cess performed. Will you, or any of your par liamentary reporters, be kind enough to tell me whether any special cocked hat is kept for the purpose, and where and how it is placed ? Are all the Ministry knocked in at once, or is it ' one down, another on ?' Is the hat injured by the process, or does it do again; and, if it is spoilt, is there any sum put on tho Estimates for a new one ? And whose perquisite is the old one ? Or does the hon. gentleman mean that he knocked each member of the Ministry into his own cocked hat, and so spoilt the Court finery got up for the Duke's admiration ? Or is the phrase merely an euphemism for ' knocking his cocked hat off,' meaning thereby officially disrobing him, and so putting him out of office. If so, I should have thought knocking him out of a cocked hat would have been a more suit able phrase than knocking him in. I shall be glad of an explanation of this feature of our parliamentary practice, for I never remember to have heard of it at Westminster, and I fancy it must be • quite colonial.' If so, it ia racy of the soil, and will probably be something to be proud of and to Bhew to strangers." The Surveyor-General of South Australia, Mr. G. W. Goyder, proposes, in the event of his scheme for the settlement of the Northern Territory being carried ont, that the Bteamer conveying the party should call in at Brisbane, whore the horses, bullocks, and other live stock, as well as provender, might be procured, a re liable agent being sent over to select and have them in readiness on the arrival of the steamer here. He also suggests that tho teamsters should accompany the agent, to bo present at the inspection and trial of the stock. 