1 ^ QUEENSLAND. " The manufacture of sugar in Queensland says the Ararat Advertiser, promises to ba a great success. Judging by a letter received by Dr. Hooper of Ararat, but now managerof the principal plantation in Queensland, there is every likelihood of the company for which he is acting being shortly in an excellent position. The sugar, a sample of which is at present at our office, looks to be of remarkably good quality, while the rum which they produce on the plantation is not considered inferior to any other quality imported. It is said by those who are conversant with the profits to be ob» tained from this industry, that in course of a few years large tracts of laud in that countiy will be taken up with a view of prosecuting this pursuit, which is rapidly finding favour with the moneyed classes. The Brisbane Courier o£ Thursday last contains the following paragraph with reference to the person wlw was lately alluded to in the telegram from Sydney :—" It is pretty well known that the illustrious stranger who lately bonouicd our poor city with his presence, under the style, title, and digaity of the Count von Attems, is the individual who in our Synney telegram of Tuesday was said to have obtained large advances in that city on fictitious papers. We are sorry to say that he managed during his short stay here to walk into the good graces of some of our citizens, and to make rather heavy drafts oa their bankers. His couutship, it will be remembered, left Brisbane in that renowned craft, the Hamlet's Ghost, the history of which vessel ought to be written some day ; and he has last been heard of at Cleveland Bay. A warrant is out for his apprehension, and troopers, have been despatched overland from Port Denison to secure him if possible before he makes a descent on our friends in Batavia. We failed to notice the count as he deserved when he was in Brisbane, bnt should "he visit us again, especially with the order which the Sheriff of Queensland desires to confer on him on his breast, and Mr. Seymour's decorations at his wrist, we shall endeavour to make amends for our former neglect of Son AUesse" . 