I SPIRITS JN OU AN OK »V. Tlioro shou'd bo nt yroscnt considerable porturbatl In tho world ot ep'ritf, Bin co tho instr..otions ot mombor (if wo may uso BO material a torin) of tl othcrial habitation, as convoyed to a mundano deniz of this grosser sphoro throu.h a modium (Mr. Hom havo bóoorao matter of litigation in tho Vica-Ohanc lor's Court at home. Thoso criiicB who accueo noni tional novelists, amongst many other faults, violating probability in thoir writings, may ba indue to modify thoir censures on a perusal of tho ovidoa in the caso whioh, at tho latest advices, was still pon ing, in whioh a'widow lady Books to recover from Ul Home a sum of about sixty thousand pounds, allogi to havo boen mada ovor to that individual undor oxtr ordinary circumstances- made ovor, in foot, at tl dictate of Mr. Home, tho recipiont of tho gi ft, who pr fessed to interpret th's wishes of a spirit; tho said spir bolng that of th* lady's daooasod husband. Tho* hard and practical philosophers -who seo in tha util tartan spirit nf tho ago matter for gratulation, an who assort that tho dissemination of oduoition lia nearly eradicated suparstltion. especially arno'gat th higlior olasscs, m«y also consider it worth thoir whil to inquire whothor' a'generation: which - affords rici harvests of wealth to thoso who profoss to, be fl pi ri mediums nnd to hold sommunications with tho uoat can plums itself from its freedom from thoso imagin ings. whioh caused a majority of our nco ?stors ti boliovoin ghosts and witohos. Although, as far ai tho mothor-country is ooncotnod, tho prosont agi may bo said to boa highly oducatod ago as comparée with previous periods of .historyit is a . mistake tc imagine that it is an anti-superstitious ago. Itisi greator.mistako to imagine that it is among the lowei and uneducated classes , thnt old, supoistiliouB. bclinfe oilhor in their, original ships or oise, «"stiínífi.v a novol guiso, ohiofly lurk, lt >" »rn > 't"a*t i-i ^«u'y drôles of society,,which- -bTn' any. pMWn»»f."-t 'to-,th.* possession .»».-..;:j.-atii>5isl.id.v»ntij:c>. *ÍÍ«'».V-VA'»| oír» bolW lu «?i»C.b«r aj-.ttwjsi.int;.!:? to tupmüfym* nottous Jd f.'A nu-;*'y r/dï-.tn'.wl, HA ?mçh.-.Mr''avowal would íTt.tts ut.fi ji'Uiule .t>-,pity.--'*Jlïïtlf weotnmino our OÍ».-; minds, '..?r <reu¡d confldoatially probo thoso of . our acqu.>:.yi¿aceí',Jtho four ot ridicule being avortod, wo should perhaps- he astonished, to .find tho vast amount o£,latent superstition.-to use the word in its common acceptation-which provnils amongst us. Is it amongst the lower clacos, tho unoducatoi masses, that the spirit mediums, tho diviners of futurity, tho modern Boors of visUns thogazors into magic crystals, gain thoir livelihood in tho larpro towna? . Lot them be asked this question . and their answer would bo in the negativo. Hamo soventoon years ago or more a sel'-constituted prophot, who published and still doós publish, his vaticinations, in conno.tion with tt<e world's history in' an, annual almanac, and who bolitho norn do plume of Zadkio', announced that ha had procured a mogio crystal, purchasod, I believe, nt tho salo ,of tho offocts bf tho late Countess ot Blessington,. at Gora House. By means ot . this crystal an eligible medium oou'd bo mado . to sto and oonvorse with samo of tho mighty spirits of th* past. Ztdkiel published tho namos of some of tho mint prominent of thoso persons of tho nobility or, of .celebrity in literatura or eoienoo who patronised his . soancos,. at which tho crystal'was tho attraction, and who bo asserted bolioycd in it« virtuos. Thesa names, as publishes; comprised, Boma eminont men, and certainly afforded a convincing proof, if it were noodod, , that ¡ tho. possession of éducation is no guarantco for , tho eradication of a boliof in allegod facts or phenomena - whioh aro usuolty- classod under tho term/! supernatural." Indeod, it may bo doubto I whothor tho provalent tondenoy amongst the instruc- tors of the ngo to ignore, d-ny, or explain riway o'véry âl'oged circumstanco which, cannot bo oocountod for at once i and directly by tho operation " of tho naturat laws at prosont within tho rango of our philo- sophy,'doos not foster tho growth' of the latent eu pera ti-ion referred to above, rather, thoa conduco td its suppression.' . To attempt to discuss what may bo termed tho psychological sido of animal magnetism, is at present to ovoko from sourly all quartors'ridiculo upon him who ventures upou Bitch p rou nd. Yot, tho alleged phonomona in connection with th's subject,'as testified to by oducatod, intelligent, and oradiblo mon, ara at least as worthy a subjeat of intórost and inquiry *7.*~r,?s~-^h"'i«,V*'nBl Baionccs.'.whlchrcan_ ocoupy the attention of tho human mind, . : - -.Tho caso to whioh roforenco is made obivo, in which' .Mrs, Lyon flguros.as tho principal actress, seeking to recover sixty thousand pounds from Mr. Homo, a spirit medium, is cortainly ono ot tho most extraordi- nary, that boa coino.boforo a court of law for many years. Wo gathor thc foots as far os thoy aro disclosed at present from Mrs. Lyon s own . testimony. Tho marvell of Poreoygur and Mesmer appoar.common plaoo almost by tho,sido of .this latest romaneo pf tho Vico-Ohancollor's .Court, whilst tho slow method of gaining wealth by exhibition ot marvellous powers adopted by the Fox sisters and Devonport brothors appoar clumsy, when compared with tho dexterous and rapid operations for the accumulation of a fortuno adopted by Mr. Home.' Mr.' Homo is a medium of considerable notoriety, whose nomo is well known to thoso who affect spiritual literature. He occasionally floats in the air amongst other marvellous manifestations,, if we are to beliove tho nows nap or paragraphs; and > ? after ' tho . revelations' in the Lyon's case tow'persons wjll vouturo to doubt his potonoy In raising tho wind. - Ho was some' timo ngo a visitor to tho papal city, whoro his prosonco appears to havo occasioned soma uaoasinass to tho spiritual and temporal authorities, on account of which ho doomod it advisablo to qu t the olassio banks of tho Tibor. Various stories Concerning this individual havo from time to time found their way into somo of tho nowspipors, from whioh faot it would appear that in pursuing his oilling as a spiritual me- dium, ho Is fully alive' to the: advantages to bo dcrivod from advertising. Mrs. Lyon is a lady whoso husband bas been dead for somo timo. Although sho appears to havo been a very affeotionoto wifo, she can. eoarcoly bo said to havo been loft an in- consolable widow, innimuch as at thc death of her spouse shu found boriolf possessed ot a largo amount of money In the consols, besidos othor proporty. The wholo of her wealth is statod to bo from ono hundred and thirty to ono hundred and fifty thousand pounds. From some romarin mado by hor husband just pre- vious to his death-to tho effect that his separation from hor would bo only fora certain number of y oars,. sho contracted tho idea that sbo was : to da' in 1800 ; and. she appears from hor subsequent actions to havo boon a orexulous, weak-minded woman, Bubjeot .to superstitious imaginations. Bbo was thu« induo d soma time back to turn attention to tho subject ot "spiritualism," so called, and shoat last got into the hands of an adept of that noblo calling, oapablo of fully appreciating tho value ota bodover iu ber own right. Af tor perusing somo tracts on spiritualism, abo deter- mined on visiting Mr. Homo, who had foundod a spiritual Athontoum, and who was otherwiso a most aotivo interpreter butweon tho doniiona of tho visible and invistblo world. The account whioh tho lady gives of hor interviews with Homo and tho uuseen spirit I other dead husband, as sworn toby hor in reply to que- ries of mntter-of-faot lawyers in tba Court of Obano ry, ! is vory ludiorous, although somewhat deplorable to poruso Mr. Horrie, at tho first interview, introduces hor I to a table, and ia this - intelligent pieco of f urnituro tho spirit taps out its comniunioitians, which am ! interpreted by means of a spiritual alphabot. In tho first in'crviaw tho spirit la brief but ardent in his communications, confining his remarks to suoh ondraring assurances OB " I love, lovo, lovo you my 1 darling," cVo. lim observations aro affootlonnto, ardently so, but incoherent, reminding ono much of thoso of the mad gontloinnn, in tho novel of Nicholas Niclileby, who porsista in paying his addrosseB ovor tho gartlan wall, to Mrs. Niclileby, and who tinnily nearly milleu himself in his nttompt to descend tho oliimnoy. Tho intorviow, howovor, terminotes to tho satisfaction of Mrs, Lyon, and also, wo muy bo euro, to that of tho medium, mid t1 o Indy promises to call again, fully pertuadeil of tho truth ol spiritualism, nf thu authen- ticity of Mr. Homo's medlunmhip, and ol tho faot that tbo re-union referred to by hor husband on his death lol rol'urrod to hw otiligiit-jitni-iit in this world on tho subject of spiritualism, and not to lier^ death. At aubsequont liitorvlown tho spiiil, na interpreted br tho medium, n-sumos Boine coherency in his remarks mid nt last como* to tho iioiiit in n very mattor-of-faot riinmiur by telling Mrd Lyon how to doal with hor property. Thu spirit oxpreaxes grent nfftutlun for Daniel -tho enid Daniel buing Mr. Homo, tho medium-exhorta Mrs Lynn to entertain similar fooling for thia guutlonmn to adopt him as hor ami-to millie over viiriutis largo Binnu of money to him- and tinnily to hand over II nu niiiy ol'pieuriliiM in him, ami mullo n will In hi* Uvoiir. lind D.iniol boen contented with uxtruotliig « fair fortune limn thu wealth mid tired u ¡ty of thu widow, ho ni i j lit huvo rnlniiiud Iii-« gain», ami thu in- tervention .f Ibu Cun t of Cliiincoiy, mid oxponiiro til' thin casu mimili n.'ver luivo cito itreil. Hut crecit amor nuinnii, ito. Daniol's iiitorprutntians of ihoBpiril'H will bi'iiiiue rather ton exacting, mid owing to curtnin > it cutiistiinoi'H Daniel's epoll over Mrs. Lyon became bruken ¡ others Iocs Biiiiilunl look tho caso of tho Indy iii hand, mid now it is nought to recover from Daniel thai »hioh ho has gainod, ns having been uh tai ii-d under fatso piotcnccs, lluro is a'caso which if rendered lu a novel would bo douinod agroBsand exaggerated violât on of probability on tho ]i;ut of tho author. A mlddlo aged lady ol wealth in London, under no throat ov com¡ju'B¡on, but nimbly unJor tho inlluoneo of n delusion that sho is obeying tho behests of an invisibla spirit with whom Bho ia in communication hy moans of a man who re- presents himself to bo a spirit medium, multes over to this medium a largo port on of her wealth. Sho then desires to withdraw tho bequests. Sbo swears that sho oannottoll why sho mada ibo gifts-or why sho trans- acted tho various documents necessary. She did it only bocauso tho " spirit told hor,''or sho " cannot recolloot anything about" another transaction.. or sha did it "undor soma magnolia inlluoneo,'; Tharo is no doubt that tho woman honestly believed in her doluslons at tho timo. for. ÜB .influence was all to her loss and nothing to her gain. Oases litio this tend to show tho immense powor which superstition bas övor weale minds oven In tho most enlightened communi- ties. It also countenances: tho assumption that super- stition is a quality or dofeot of many minds . willah is inherent, whteh cannot bo ontlroly eradicated by education, and which is' aa often tho causo as tho result of want, of tho knowledge ?dorivoil from Investigation Into any particular matter. Finally, hore is acaso of inoxplloiblo wcakn sa of mind ; or oleo shall wo admit, that in some instances thora are porsons so constituted .relatively tts each othor, that they aro in a position like that c^f tho fascinating, snako and tho bird, and tho will of-ono ie s jb'ordinhtod to tho control of tho other, until tho spell is broken, llera is n case in which tho explanation on tin theory of tho oxistcaco in rora instances of such a p . r M that contendo I for by tho olootro-biologist is not ui ut inir.c^ous than tho facts of tho case itself, /.vp maw etrvinÄ.r tban aa.explanation on other ,!<..;;.(,h in t.m«*îlion «ílV-known and recognised ; ......... . ' A j 