NEWS OF THE WEEK. On Easter Tuesday a meeting of the congre- gation of St. John's Church, Gundagai, was held in the vestry, the incumbent in the chair. The accounts for the past year having been read and confirmed, the election of Church- wardens was then proceeded with, and the following gentlemen were duly installed, viz., Mr. J. St. Clair for the Trustees, Mr. W. C. Freeman for the Minister, and Mr. H. H. Smithers for the pewholders. A Committee, consisting of Dr. Lyons, Mr. G. Stuckey, and Mr. Elworthy, was also appointed to assist the Churchwardens in conducting the affairs of the Church for the ensuing year. Several matters connected with the Church were then discussed, after which the customary votes of thanks were passed, viz., to the retiring wardens, to the superintendent of the Sunday School—Mr. Smithers, to Miss Davison for her gratuitous services as organist, and to the Chairman, and the meeting terminated as it had begun—with prayer. We are glad to find that the few remarks we published in last issue relative to the unsightliness of the Anglican Church without a suitable pulpit had the desired effect, for during the week Dr. Lyons has succeeded in collecting nearly sufficient for the purpose. We hope that the design of the pulpit will be entrusted to some one skilled in church archi- tecture, so that "all things may be done decently and in order." The chancel railing would be much improved if the doors were hung instead of lying useless, as they appear to be at present. A few other eyesores have been pointed out to us, but we hope they will be removed without our interference. A meeting will be held in the Church of St. John, this afternoon, at 3 o'clock, for the purpose of alloting the pews in accordance with the Church Act. See advertisement. It will be seen by advertisement that the lady and gentlemen amateurs of Gundagai, have agreed to give an entertainment on the 5th of next month, in aid of the Public School. The Rev. Joseph Hopkins, Wesleyan Minister, took his departure from Gundagai by the mail on Tuesday night. The Rev. gentleman takes with him the good wishes of every section of the community. We regret to record a series of thefts per- petrated in Gundagai some time during the early part of Wednesday night. A quantity of wearing apparel, consisting of crimean shirts, trousers, a table cloth, &c.;, was stolen from the clothes-line of Mrs. Clarke; and a pair of blankets from the residence of Mr. Archer, shoemaker, which were the property of a man employed by him. About nine o'clock, Mrs. Archer saw a man come out of a detached house on the premises, who on being spoken to ran off, and the robbery was shortly after discovered. We believe that these depredations are attributed to strangers to the township, not to residents in it. The first number of a new journal—the 'Carcoar Herald'—is to hand, and is very creditable to its proprietor. It is also a good specimen of typography, and contains much interesting matter to the district in which it is published. We wish the 'Herald' success. A troupe of serenaders, styling themselves the Ironclad Minstrels, gave two entertainments in Gundagai on Saturday and Monday last to well-filled rooms, particularly on the second occasion, when the elite of the town and dis- trict were present. The entertainment is good and worthy of the support accorded to it. Mr. James Newton played exquisitely on the violin, an instrument that we can tolerate only in the hands of a musician; he played with much taste, and his execution is masterly. He possesses a rare voice too—a counter- tenor—which he uses to great advantage in the choruses. Mr. Edward Newton plays on the violincello, and harmonises beautifully with the other instruments. His singing, also, was much admired. But to those who never laughed before we offer advice, and that is to go and see Tony (Mr. Cogdon) who man- ages to keep the risible nerves of an audience in constant agitation. There is something original about him without being offensive, and his 'Awkward Squad' was most amusing. His terror of ghosts is well displayed, and his comicalities throughout were highly refreshing. The Ironclads are so well practised in part singing that their choruses are most effective. The expression thrown into their music is particularly good, and reflects credit on them for the taste displayed throughout the enter- tainment. We regret to have to record a serious acci- dent that happened on Sunday to Mrs. Madi- gan of Tumut. She has been for some time in bad health, and was, by the advice of her medical attendant, coming to Gundagai for a change of air when the mishap occurred. As she was passing near the South Gundagai cemetery on Sunday afternoon, the wheel of the gig in which her son was driving her came upon a log hidden by some thistles, and the vehicle swayed so much that she was precipi- tated to the ground, receiving some severe bruises from the wheels passing over her back and thigh. She was conveyed to Mr. Cooper's Bridge hotel, and afterwards to Mr. Riley's in North Gundagai, where she was attended by Dr. Lyons. The shock of the fall has been very severe to a person in her weak state of health, but it is hoped that with quiet and proper attendance she will shortly recover from the effects of this serious mischance. It is said that Mr. Charles Kean died worth £50,000. We perceive with pleasure that Mr. M. O'Mara, of Tumut, is one of the members of the Sydney University who were advanced to the degree of B.A. at the recent commemora- tion. Had his name not been accidentally omitted in the report of the proceedings given by the metropolitan journals we should have noted the fact in the previous issue. Reference to our advertising columns will show that Mr. D. F. Johnston of Adelong sta- tion, has determined to take a hint from Mr. C. B. Eisher's success in the disposal of his Maribyrnong stud, and having concluded to relinquish racing pursuits has resolved to dis- pose of his present breeding and racing stud by lottery. To those resident in the district commendation of Mr. Johnson's stud is un- necessary, and to those at a distance the details given as to their breeding and pedigree afford a conclusive proof of their value. Further particulars can be ascertained by a perusal of the advertisement. The snagging operations in the Murrumbid- gee have been prosecuted with such success and vigor that upwards of sixty miles have been cleared, and if the weather holds good for another month Mr. Labatt expects to have so far advanced as to reach the portion of the river opposite the Adelong Crossing-place, which will open a means for the transit of produce from Tumut and Adelong. The steam winch is now passing down stream, rectifying any omissions that the late rise of the river may have caused, and may be expected to be below the bridge at Wagga Wagga clearing the obstacles from thence downwards in about a fortnight. The main channel has been effectively cleared in all the distance mentioned, and experience has proved that the most effectual way of disposing of the large snags is to lop off all the smaller branches and to submerge the trunks along- side the bank, to which they act as a sort of bulwark and support. It has been found that none of the trunks thus treated were displaced by the last floods, the new snags and incum- brances formed being caused by the logs cut by settlers and left to dry and lose weight near the banks of the ana branches of the river. Our readers are reminded that next Tues- day will be the last day for posting letters in this district for the English Mail which leaves Sydney on Thursday. Several requisite alterations to complete Messrs. Baillie and Chalder's steam saw mill at Oak Point, Kimo, have been now completed and it is in full and efficient working order. The vertical and circular saws are driven by an engine of 16 horse power, and our readers may form some conception of their capacity from the fact that it has been estimated they can turn out close on 30,000 feet of timber a week. They work simultaneously, the vertical saw cutting the timber into planks, which are then placed upon the table of the circular saw and cut into proper divisions. There is a fair supply of timber for present use, logs sufficient to turn out 150,000 feet of timber being ready for sawing on the mill brow, and more, estimated to turn out 100,000 feet being cut and ready for drawing in, on the adjoining flat and in the gullies. With these appliances properly used we may trust to see progress speedily made in the construction of the high-level approach. All the principal items of news, except that another son has been born to the Princess Royal, are contained in our telegraphic despatch, and want of space prevents our giving further particulars. Munday, or Collins, the perpetrator of the horrible series of murders at Conroy's Gap, has been sentenced to death at the Goulburn assizes, and from the accounts of his past life that have been made public, it appears that had the views of the judge before whom he was arraigned for murder many years ago been adopted by the jury who then tried the case the world would have been rid of a blood-thirsty monster, and the late heinous atrocity would not have been added to the record of crimes committed in Australia. It is, however, difficult after reading the evidence of Dr. Campbell, portion of which we subjoin, to avoid arriving at the conclusion that the wretch is partially insane, and has a tendency towards homicidal mania which was raised to positive frenzy by the commission of one murder. Had there been fifty people in Conroy's house he would, if he could, have destroyed them all. It is a grave and serious error that such a monster should ever have been let loose upon society after the commis- sion of his first crime. Dr. Campbell cross- examined by Mr. Dalley said:—"I saw prisoner at the inquest; the expression of his eye led me to believe he was under excitement: he was pulling at his beard; the expression of the eye is one of the tests of insanity; the unsettled look seemed to denote disturbance of mind; he appeared stolid at the inquests; afterwards in the lockup he told me that he was constantly chopping up dead bodies, and that he saw no difference between doing so in his sleep and with his eyes open; Prisoner told me that he thought he was born in England, but was not certain; that he was a grandson of George the Third, and that his father was the Duke of York, and his mother was a daughter of the celebrated Curran; that up to the age of five he was with a Protestant nurse, and that the clergy then took him from her and gave him to a Catholic nurse, with whom he remained till he was thirteen, when, through getting into bad company, he was sent out to this colony; he said he was tried and convicted at Maitland of killing a man, and served a sentence at Cockatoo; that when released he came to Yass, then went to Victoria and Adelaide, then back to Yass; he declared that some one was always speaking against him, and that made him roam about; that he did not see them externally, but within (touching his forehead); they had followed him everywhere, but he frequently dodged them, being more cunning than they; still they haunted him night and day; the Conroys were the worst of them; if he had his will he would clear the country of such people, and give their property to men of principle ; from these statements I consider prisoner to be insane, and that his state of mind arose from delusions coming through the ear—oral delusions; this is one of the common forms of insanity." The remains of a human being, which must have been exposed for about five years to the elements, were lately discovered under a large tree on a flat among the Tumbleton Ranges, near Burrangong. The scull was evidently that of a white man, who had probably lost himself in the bush and perished of starvation and thirst. 