THE NORTHERN TERRITORY QUES TION IN THE TOWN HALL. The Parliament to which we are chiefly indebted for the Northern Territory muddle has ceased to exist, and over its new-made crave the nublic are this afternoon to hold a conclave extraordinary on a certain unsatis factory clause in its last will and testament* The deceased is said to have somewhat re sented the neglect of the Government to ask its dying advice on Captain Cadell's report. East Adelaide ia also said to resent the slight put upon her by the Treasurer in revealing important State secrets to an alien constituency. Mr. Reynolds, when lie had made up his mind to bell the cat, with regard to the land-order- holders ought, she thinks, to have done it nearer home. But he is not to escape with a marine echo of Cabinet deliberations sounding confusedly amid red rust and broken-necked jetties. The city is resolved to know more definitely what the ' wild waves bave been saying' at Victor Harbour. Next to a special session of Parliament, which might have been held a month aero, there can be no better safety valve than bringing the Government and the public together face to face in the Town Hall. Should any of the Ministers possess nerve enough to face the Bpirits they have exorcised, they will have an opportunity of explaining their policy more clearly than can be expected in a post-prandial revelation, but not, we trust, of revoking it, as it was rumoured yesterday they meant to do. The public, when they find the legal dilemma set distinctly before them, will be able to make their choice as may seem best for the interests «f the colony — moral as well as pecuniary. There will doubtless be a liberal display of recrimination, and, to make that part of the ceremony complete, the members of all the Governments which have been in office since the Northern Territory Bill passed ought to have received special invitations. It is a curious if not significant fact that the Ministry which originated the Northern Territory scheme was, with one excep tion, the same that is now to be called to account for its failure. The Act which has attained to so unpleasant a notoriety among the lawyers as No. 23 of 1863 was introduced on the 1st October of that year by Captain Hart, ' as Treasurer of the Ayers Ministry, which included also the present Attorney-General, Commissioner of Crown Lands, and Commissioner of Public Works. Had Captain Hart been in Mr. Reynolds' place we would have now in office the very Cabinet in which the Adam Bay expedition was hatched. This circum stance may be turned to good account by upholders of the non- responsibility doctrine. The rash prediction that this colony would never have to pay a penny for the Northern Territory will rise up like the ghost of Banquo before the Ministerial Macbeth. Fortunately for the discredited seer there was no 'Hansard' in those days — no witches' cauldron of printing ink from which the shadows of the past might issue in procession stretching out to the crack of doom— ' Black spirits and white, Red spirits and grey, Mingle, mingle, mingle, You that mingle may.' The witches who have set in motion the 'double, double, toil and trouble,' which is to swallow up Mr. Reynolds before his time will have some difficulty in finding one of the ingredients of their cauldron. After rum maging old files to their hearts1 content, they may be unable to bring home the alse prediction as clearly as they might wish a the political Balaam. There was in 1863 % general understanding, both in Parliament ind throughout the country, that our local revenue was not to be liable for the cost of settling the new territory. It was to meet that universal feeling the scheme of prelimi nary land sales was proposed and adopted. They supplied the Government with money for preliminary expenses, which otherwise would have had to come out of the local exchequer. The distinction between the general and this Bpecial revenue was further marked by the Government representing itself as the agent of the embryo colony, and charging a com mission on the proceeds of the land sales. One sanguine member of the Assembly would have had the Northern Territory Fund at once debited with the cost of Stuart's expedition. Few had any misgivings as to the land not being taken up, and fewer still doubted the practicability of giving the purchasers prompt possession. The first stage of the experiment Beems to have been taken for granted, and the only subject of apprehension was how the settlement would succeed when left to itself. The word failure was seldom heard, and even the few alarmists who damped the general enthu siasm did not anticipate that we should be thus foiled on the very threshold. The dilemma in which we are now placed was inconceivable in 1863. No. one dreamed of it, or would have ventured to tell his dream if he had. The question what should be done with the pur chasers of land in the event of the contract with them proving impracticable was never once hinted at. In the Wakefield jargon of the day, Palmerston was to be the nucleus of a '.self-supporting colony.' South Aus tralia, as ite father-in-law, endorsed a few accommodation-bills to enable it to com mence business, never doubting that they would be paid at maturity, and stipulating that no further assistance should be rendered. The non-responsibility doctrine was a purely domestic understanding, and could not bar the claims of third parties. Now that the bills are about to be dishonoured, and the holders threaten legal proceedings, the endorser can hardly plead that the acceptor has all along been a man of straw. He set him up and gave him the use of his signature, and secret clauses do not hold valid in commercial treaties. The worst that can be said against the Government of 1863 is that they encouraged the dreani of a self-supporting colony. None of them appears to have gone the length of denying that any legal liability would be incurred; they only ignored too much the contingency of its having to be enforced. The chief offender in this respect is understood to have b«en the then Treasurer, Captain Hart. In introducing the Northern Ter ritory Bill on the 1st October, 1863, he said— ' The great point to be gained was that the whole expenses of starting the colony should be secured by the sale of the land, and the only way this could be done was to hold out large inducements to first purchasers. .... It was believed that the sale of this land would pay the expenses this colony would be put to.' The Commis sioner of Crown Lands (Mr. Glyde) com nutted himself still further. In moving the second reading of the Bill on the 13th October, he announced that ' the first principle of the measure vm$ to make the new territory self-supporting.' In Committee the Treasurer ventured a second prediction, that 'there would be a great demand for land, and then, if the money so raised were applied to the benefit of the new territory, its settlement would become a great success.' Mr. Neville Blyth expressed quite a contrary convic tion, that 'the Bill icould he the occasion of a jolly row.' Can he have had a presenti ment of the day of reckoning which has at length dawned upon the prophesiers of smooth things? In the Upper House the Chief Secretary showed greater control over his emotions in speaking of the infant Romulus. 'All the Government required was that they should not be put to unnecessary ex pense. . . . They offered a portion of the land for sale, and if the public invested their canital in the conntrv thev wniild take he responsibility of carrying on the settle nent with every prospect of success.' It was on these terms the Adam Bay ixpedition was undertaken, with the full lonsent and approval of at least one branch -f the Legislature. When the first repulse vas experienced a new Government proposed c a new Assembly to retreat while there vas still something to save, and the reply vas that they should make a fresh start. Hie 'most fatal error of all was com nitted by the Blyth Ministry a year ago, in attempting to carry out this advice, when ;hey must have known, from the practical nformation before them, that it was too ate. They sent out a third exploring expe lition when there was barely time left to :omplete the survey. But the Assembly rvas not alone to blame for that. A section of ;he land-order-holders had also been clamou ring for further exploration, as may be seen by the memorial which they presented to ;he Governor in January, 1865. Therein they expressed their opinion that the delay )f the surveys * would be a smaller ml than over-hasty selection. To please them McKinlay was sent out, and when he returned empty lianded they renewed through. Parliament their demand for ex ploration. Again they obtained it, though they may fairly object to the four months' ielay which occurred between the debate of October, 1866, and the dispatch of Captain CadellinFebruary,1867. But like Parliament, the land-order-holders were divided among themselves. Those in Adelaide had no sooner obtained their exploring party than their brethren in London complained of the vexatious delays thereby occasioned, and made it a ground for demanding instant restitution. Such errors as were committed during the first three years arose from the boo amiable policy of trying to please everybody. Each successive Government was deluded by it, and time slipped away until the crisis came for acting on their personal judgment and responsibility. It was to the Blyth Ministry this crisis pre sented itself in February, 1867. They blun dered itirretreivablyindevotingto exploration even a single month of the period which would barely have sufficed for survey. The present Government may say that the die had been cast before they took office ; but they are open to. the retort that if they could not retrieve the error of their predecessors, they ought not quietly to have allowed its evil consequences to accumulate as they have done. They have had more than one opportunity of arresting the current of disaster, instead of drifting along with it. Captain Cadell might have been recalled when he came to Burke Town in August last year. Or immediately on his return a survey party might have been dispatched with in structions to get as much land as possible ready before the expiry of the five yeara. This would have strengthened our position with regard to both classes of landorder holders ; for it would have prevented either of them charging us with a legal breach of contract. Those who wanted back their money might have been less exacting with regard to interest, knowing the weak point in their claim. Those who meant to insist on having the land might have been tax nore reasonable as to the terms of exten don. As it is, we are at the mercy of joth, and the whole undertaking has » be begun over again. Finally, if the { jovernnient had not courage enough for a slight coup d'ttat of this kind, neither had they ! my right to retain a responsibility for which j ;hey pronounced themselves unfit. It would iave been better for them to have called Parliament together and relieved themselves )f their precious burden. Like an over (filling donkey, they have held on until they jot beyond the reach of assistance, and then in the fin.i.1 break-down have smashed jverything beyond repair. The Electoral Writs.— The writs for the coming election were issued on Thursday, ind particulars of them will be found in the usual advertisement. There are to be four batches, arranged as follows : — First Batch — Nomination day, April 3 ; election, April 6 — East Adelaide, West Adelaide, Yatala, Sturt; election, April 7— Barossa ; election, April 9— Stanley. Second— Nomination day, April 6; elec tion, If ay 7— Flinders. Third— Nomination day, April 15 ; elec tion, April 21— West Torrens, Gumeracha, Noarlunga, Onkaparinga, Encounter Bay, and Burnt. Fourth— Nomination day, April 28 ; elec tion, May 4— Port Adelaide, East Torrens, Mount Barker, and Light ; election, May 7 —Victoria. fiZPRESEHTATlOH OF THE Stubt.— In com pliance to a numerously-signed requisition pub lished in another column, Mr. Joseph Fisher consents to offer himself aa a candidate for the District of Sturt Thk Peixce's Reply to Addbesses at Sympathy.— A Gazette Extraordinary, i&sued; at Sydney on March 20, contains the resolutions passed and addresses adopted at the various public meetings held throughout the colony to express indignation at the attempt on the life of His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh, and sympathy with His Royal Highness in his sufferings consequent on the wound he received at the hands of the assassin. The same Gazette also contains the following manly reply of His Royal ffifthnwu) ; — 'Government House, Sydney, March 19, 1868. I have received with gratification these nume rous addresses, and desire to return my warm thanks for the expression of sympathy which they contain. 'The cowardly act of one individual has not in any degree shaken my confidence in the loyalty of the people of this colony towards the throne and person of Her Majesty, or in their affection for myself; and I shall gladly convey to the Queen the universal expression of horror and indignation which the attempt to assassinate me has called forth from Her Majesty's faithful subjects in Australia. 'Alfred.' Saijohs' Home. — We understand that the money subscriptions to the Sailors' Home, in cluding sir. Angaa's promised £230, amount now to more than £1,100. and that at a Committee meeting, held on Friday afternoon, it was deter mined to take steps for proceeding with the building aa soon as the total reaches £1,200. This is exclusive of the land given by the Fort Land Company, and valued at £600. The Mayor of Port Adelaide, the Collector of Customs, with the Hon. Thomas Elder, Messrs. Charnock and Hart, were appointed trustees, and it was arranged that in case of the institution becoming eventually self supporting and the number of subscribers falling below 20, vacancies should alternately be filled up by the Governor, the Corporation of Adelaide, and the Corporation of Port Adelaide. W.th regard to aid from the Government, as granted hi Melbourne and other places, it was resolved that no application should be made till the sum of £1,200 had been contributed by private subscriptions. It is intended to invite competitive designs for the building, which is to accommodate in the first instance 40 men, and to be capable of easy extension, so as to afford room for 20 more. It was suggested that, for the convenience of town members, the Committee meetings should occasionally be held in Adelaide; but we do not understand that any positive decision has been come to on the subject. Accident.— An accident of a rather singular nature occurred at the Port on Friday. A man named Daniel Weman, employed in ballasting the Clodian, whilst engaged in shovelling sand from a barge alongside, accidentally struck his shovel violently against a large stone placed to hold a tarpaulin spread between the barge and the vessel, and the violence of the concussion broke his arm above the elbow. Dr. Gething attended and set the limb. The Defence o? O'Farbell.— The following is from the Argus:— 'We understand that Mr. Aspinall has been retained for the defence of O' Earrell, charged with attempting to assassinate the Duke of Edinburgh at Sydney. Mr. Dalley. of Sydney, has been retained (by telegraph) as Mr. AspinaU's junior. Mr. Pavey, of Melbourne, is the solicitor in the case. The funds, we may add, come from a private source, and not from any Fenian organization.' Local Coubt.— In the list of cases to be heard at the Local Court on Wednesday, published on Tuesday last, a misprint occurred. Instead of Mankey v. Knight, the plaintiff's name should havp h«-n Msrlrpv PEESENT TO FRTNCB Alfred.— Mr. j . B. Austin received by the Aldinga on Thursday, March 27, a letter of acknowledgment from the Hon. Eliot Xorke for his present to H.B.H. the Duke of Edinburgh of his well-known work, ' The Mines of South Australia.' The Stock of Messrs. Jones Brothers.— Messrs. Tuxford have succeeded in getting rid of a rival by purchasing all the stock of agricultural implements held by Messrs. Jones Brothers. They advertise it on view at their showyards, North, terrace. The Masonic Guide.— We have been favoured with a copy of ' The Masonic Guide for the year 1868, compiled for the use of the Brethren by Brother C.E.Darton, D.G. Begistrar.' It is very neatly got up, and will no doubt be found valuable by the numbers of the mystic craft. Light ELEcriON.-Our SheaoakLogcorreepon ient states that he omitted in the report of the recent election meeting at that place to add that it iras proposed, seconded, and carried— 'That Capfain Hart is not a fit and proper person to represent the District of light.' This was re ceived too late be inserted in its proper place. Thk Niw Lunatic Asylum Contract.— We have received the following communication from workmen engaged on the above contract:— 'An unfortunate misunderstanding has arisen between Mr. Fan and his men at the works of the new Lunatic Asylum. The facts of the case are simply these :— The men have been working for the last nx mouths from 6 in the morning till half-past 5 in the evening, with an hour for breakfast and an hour fox dinner. Now by some rule which was never agreed upon, last year the men commenced on the 1st April to work from 6 till 6. This year they are wanted to begin to work from 6 till 6 on 25th March till 1st May ; from 7 till 5 from May till September; and from 6 till 6 from September till October, and after that from 6 till half-past 5\. Now, Sir, the men are willing to we rk eight months in the year nine hours and a half per day, which any reasonable man would say was long enough. Just fancy a man working from 1 till 6, or five hours at a stretch, and a foreman looking after him all the while, and when night comes naving to walk home in the dark and dirt neatly two miles, which we have on an average some more, some less. Besides, we cannot see to work till (5 o'clock. Stone-cuttin? requires good daylight, and so soon as the sun is down we cannot see perfectly any longer. Mr. Fan complainB that we never asked his consent, and states that had we dons bo perhaps he might have conceded the trifling matter in dispute. He further says that he has been to every shop in town, and finds that the men all work till 6. Tea, but at Draper's Memorial Church those employedget half an hour in the afternoon, at half -pas tl We don't consider it would have made any difference had we previously asked or consulted Mr. Fan; but such is the case, and the men are all going to fetch away their tools in the morning. It is a' pity the hours of labour cannot be better retaliated than to have three different hours of labour. The men don't consider they want anything extravagant. Men in town are near their homes when they leave work, and have not half-an-hour's walk night and momhig, as we hare. Letthe public judge. Can you give a friendly word between u»! We don't want to leave Mr. Farr for two reasons-it is to his interest and to our own that we should work amicably together.' A Would-bb Adelaideas.— A man named William Bruce, who was recently brought back from Adelaide on a charge of defrauding some engineers of Melbourne by obtaining from them goods upon representations found since to be false, has been brought before the City Court and com mitted for trial on two of the charges. On a third he was remanded. The Ddke of Edinbobgh and the Lystebs. —The Lyster Opera Company has excited a good deal of popular indignation at Ballarat on account of some alleged disloyal remarks of Mr. ¥. Lys ter' a. It appears from the following paragraph from the Argui that they have been reinstated in public favour:— 'The season of the Lyster Opera Troupe closed at Ballarat on Saturday night At the conclusion of the performance Mr. W. S. Lyster was called for, and delivered a short speech, from which we extract the following reference to matters which have during the last few days attracted considerable public attention:—'! did not intend, ladies and gentlemen, to allude in any way to the little unpleasantness of the past week. Ladies and gentlemen, there are several ways of seeking popularity, and one is by attempting to run down other people, and I have no hesitation in saying that I am a more loyal man than some who make so much noise about their loyalty— (cheers) —to please the mob. Not that 1 mean to say any thing of that sort here. I did not mean, ladies and gentlemen, to touch upon matters of this sort, but dnrinx the past week I have suffered a great deal— I never suffered so much before in my life, and I hope I never shall experience so much pain again. I have gone through more than I can express, but I am most sincerely thankful for the very handsome manner in which that affair was settled-(chee»)-aBd I am glad to see by your liberal patronage this evening that you do not think me undeserving of your support (Loud cheers.) Town Hall Tbuibz.— The' Corporation night ras a litile better than the ordinary run— a grati fying proof that municipal dignity is still some irhat appreciated. The aldermanic taste was lisappointed of iti spicy titbit 'East Lynne,' some tallow-chandlering rubbish, called 'The Chimney Corner,' having been substituted for it Mr. Holloway makes a very respectable tallow :handler; bumptious, irascible, and given to small [okes-akind of ill-humoured Mr. Tetterby. We jbserve that the dramatist christens him Peter Probity, and almost all the other characters are elations of his-Probitys of various generations. At the head of the genealogical tree was Grand papa Probity— Mr. G. H. Rogers- an absurd role, in which the talents of a good actor were confined to Bqueaking like an octogenarian, and wearing a bob of white flax. Miss St. Denis was still more restricted in the vapid Grace Emery. Two or three of our mediocre friends completed the cast, and helped Papa Probity to the end of his troubles, irhen the audience graciously rewarded them irith a faint round of applause. It would have been impossible to select anything Ies3 calcu lated to excite the municipal nerves, and Borne it the Councillors who are not accustomed to the foot lights may have felt a secret preference for one of their own Council meetings. In the second piece, ' The Jacobite,' there was a strong current of fun, the originator of rhveh will be at once identified as Mr. Greville. Sis John Duck was thoroughly Grevillian, and ilao quite unique in its way. The lawyer's clerk, rho becomes waiter in a pot-house for the sake of Patty Pottle, the mistress's daughter, had not only bis innate peculiarities, but he had a different aspect for all with whom he came in contact. To Patty he talked like a book, and made vows of love like a Knight Paladin. To Widow Pottle, who did not covet him for a son-in-law, he was ludicrously patronising. To Sir Kichard Wroughton, who wished to bully him, he was an impenetrable fool. The actor without ever seeming to change produced new fun out of every new situation, and the laughter of the audience was never allowed to flag. In the principal scenes he was well assisted by Miss Julia Milne, who h coming out strong in the soubrette line. Miss Stanley had got up a very intricate, and not very intelligible dialect for Widow Pottle, notwithstanding which she made a tolerable character of it. Miss Melville as Lady Somerford, Mr. Lawrence as Sir Richard Wrough ton, and Mr. Metcalf e as Major Murray, need only be seen once to be appreciated as much ob they deserve. To-night we are promised a national drama, 'My Poll and My Partner Joe,' and our old friend 'Dominique the Deserter.' Valedictory Soikee.— A valedictory soiree, bearing special reference to the approaching departure of the Eev. B. C. Flockart, took place in the Brompton Wesleyan Chapel- on Friday evening, March 27, under the auspices of the Young Men's Christian Association. There was a crowded attendance, and Mr. W. Cornish, the Vice- President of the Association, occupied the chair. In opening the proceedings, he observed that, however much those present might regtet it, the Conference had decided to remove the Eev. Mr. Flockart The Association felt that in parting with him they were losing a friend who had been the means of effecting much good whilst he had been in their midst, and who had been largely instrumental in instilling right principles in the minds of the young. He had been with them about three years, and was coins' to leave or aieioourne, anu me young men over wnom ne lad presided thought it fitting for the occasion .o give a valedictory service in his honour as a last oken of their respect and esteem. The prayers )f the Association would follow him. and the wUh )f the young men was that ne would be as useful is he had been whilst in the colony. They felt mre that he bad beneficially affected all those with vhom he had come in. contact. (Ulicurs.) Mr. Lawton then delivered an address eulogistic of Mr. Flockart, and concluded with the expression }f a wish that, wherever he migbt in the course of Providence be taken, the blessings of God would follow him. Some pieces of music and recitations followed. Mr. O. \V. Matters next mounted the platform, and, on behalf of the Young Men's Asso ciation, expressed the regret felt by himself and the other members at the approaching departure [-f Mr. Flockart. if e remarked that although Mr. Flockart had been with them three years, that period had glided away so quickly that he could hardly conceive such a length of time had elapsed. It liad been well said that they never feU the value of anything until they lost it. The force of this remark the Association to which he belonged were becinning to realize. He himself had been personally benefited by the ministerial guidance and teachings of Mr. Flockart This he believed was equally applicable to all his fellow-raembere. The Association had been raised to its present position in a great measure by the efforts of the President who had imparted a tone to it which had vibrated throughout the length and breadth of the land. He kntvr that the Association was known fur and wide; and he had heard it often spoken of, and always in terms of the highest eulogy. The members of the Association deeply felt the loss which the projected departure of Mr. Flockart would occasion. It was one of the objections against the plan which at present obtained amongst the Wesleyan denomination that no sooner was the pastor beginning to become endeared to his congregation than he was compelled to leave. (Bear, hear.) He was glad to see that such a unanimity of feeling pre vailed between the congregation and Mr. Flockart, and observed that the present was one of the largest meetings which had ever been held in con nection with the Society. They were not infidels in their cieed, and they possessed the consolation of knowing that in parting with Mr. Flockart benefits would be imparted to other members ol the human family. On behalf of the members he regretfully wished Mr. Flockart farewell (Applause.) After some recitations, Miss Langman performed a selection on the piano, which was a good instance of infantile precocity, and was loudly applauded. After a few more iecitations and vocal selections, Mr. Langman, jun., Secretary to the Association, presented Mr. Flockart with an address expressive of their appreciation of his services as President of the bociety, and their regret at his forthcoming departure. The Chairman endorsed the sentiments contained in the address, and supplemented them by presenting Mr.Flockart witn a silver inkstand, which bore the following inscription : — ' Presented to the Rsv. It. C. Flockart by the Brompton Wesleyan Young Men's Christian Association on his departure from South Australia.' Mr. \V. King, jun., then in a few felicitous and feeling remarks presented Mr. Flockart with a cheque for £30 on behalf of the North Adelaide Circuit. Mr. J. B. Hack, as a co steward with the last speaker, supplemented his remarks in appropriate terms. Mr. Flockart, in acknowledging the tribute of respect and esteem accorded him by the preceding speakers and the friends they represented, thanked them heartily for their kindness and good wishes. He expressed a hope that the officers of the So:iety would con tinue to work energetically, and use every effort to promote its prosperity. He had laboured in the colony during the last 18 years, and therefore it was impossible that he could altogether forget South Australia. He felt grateful for possessing two blessings, viz., a good wife and obedient chil dren. In conclusion, he warmly and feelingly thanked those present for their kind expressions of good wilL (Cheers.) The proceedings, which were agreeably enlivened with recitations and vocal selections-tbe latter being rendered additionally successful by the instrumentation of Mr. A. Puddy on the harmonium— closed with votes of thanks to the reciters, choir, Chairman, and the Press. Testimonial.— On Friday, March 27, the fol lowing testimonial, accompanied by an emu-egg inkstand, mounted in silver, and forming a very pretty ornament, was presented to Mr. JameB Eawlings, of Port Adelaide, on the occasion of his leaving the colony on a visit to England :— ' To James Bawlings, Esq., Port Adelaide. Dear Sir— We the undersigned, employe's in your establish ment, being aware of your intention shortly to leave Port Adelaide on a voyage to England, desire prior to your departure to beg your accep tance of the accompanying piece of plate ;n a Email token of the high esteem in which you are held by us as an employer. Wishing yourself and family a safe and prosperous voyage, and a speedy return to South Australia— We are, dear Sir, yours most obediently.' The company assembled at the Britannia Hotel, and some champagne having been placed upon the table, Mr. Cave, Mr. Rawlings's partner, presented the testimonial on behalf of the employes. He then briefly proposed the health of Mr. Kawlings and his family, with a safe journey and speedy return. Mr. Bawlings expressed the great pleasure it afforded him to accept of their present. It ap peared to show that his efforts to act fairly to those in his employ had been appreciated. He had always endeavoured to treat them with courtesy and consideration, and to give them fair value for what they gave him. In return, he wished them all continued health and prosperity. The health of Mr. Terrell and Mr. Cave waa afterwards drunk, and the company separated. HOEEIBLE MORDEE AT YASS, N.8.W.— The Sydney Morning Htrald contains the follow ing telegram from Yass :— ' Conroy, a Equatter, his wife, a man named Smith, and two elderly shepherds, were murdered on Tuesday night or Wednesday morning by a shepherd, ticket-of-leave man, named Munday or Collini. A row took place about wages; during the night he Btabbed with shears and axed Smith. The others hearing the noise, went to the place in their night clothes, when they were successively stabbed and axed. The bodies were brought to Yass this morning. Themurdererhaa been arrested and confesses to the murder, which was perpetrated at Conroy's Gap, 16 miles from Yass. The prisoner arrived in the ship Havering in the year 181!). He was tried at Mait land for murder in 1S54, when a verdict of roan slaughter was returned, and he was sentenced to 15 years' imprisonment He served ten years, and obtained a ticket-of-leave for Yass in 18G4. An in quest is being held on ea:h body separately. He has been committed for trial for the murder of Conroy mud his wife. The inquest on the three others is adjourned till ta-morrow. The todies were found prepared ia pile, with mattresses and bed-clothes ready to be burnt and the prisoner stated sucti to have been bis intention. Police Coubt, Pobt Adixaide.--A consider able time was occupied by this Court on Friday in the hearing of a complaint preferred by Captain De Steiger, of the Orient, against Mr. Pilot Wellsman, for leaving the vessel without his authority, and without performing the duties required of him. The case resulted in a fine of £10 and costs being inflicted on the defendant. Soon after the case was concluded an information was laid against Captain De Steiger for proceeding to sea without a pilot The case will be heard this morning. Adelaide Police Coubt.— On Friday, March 27, the Court was long occupied with a case of alleged assault and battery. The defendant was ordered to pay a fine ol 10s., the like amount having been previously paid by the complainant for the information. Another case of assault was dismissed. Several fines were inflicted for drunkeH ness and other breaches of decorum. ?Batxway Traffic— The traffic on the South Australian railways for the week ended March 21 was:— Port Line-Passengers, 5,335; fares, £721 0s. lOd.; goods, £108 Us. North Line Passengers, 1,730: fares. £382 13s. 6d.; goods, £532 8^ T0taL£L54Ufe.3-L 