OUR ROBE LETTER.-Our Robe letter arrived too late last night for insertion in this day's Watch. THE REV. 'MR. DAY IN ADELAIDE.-On Thursday evening the Rev. J. M Day, of Mount Gambler, delivered a lecture in aid of the Baptist Chapel, Mount Gambier, in the Lefevre-terrace Chapel, on " The true story of certain ghosts I have seen." There \va3 a very large attendance and Dr. Campbell occupied the chair. The rev. lecturer handled his subject in a very humorous manner, conveying sound advice by a great many side-splitting allusions. The ghosts referred to were not altogether of a spiritual character, and were called " Mrs. Grundy," "To-morrow," "Long credit," "It can't be helped," " You don't know," " I don't remember," and " A short life and a merry one." In concluding his remarks Mr. Day said that there were three ways by which the Ghosts might be ex orcised, namely-" A clear conscience," "A good digestion,"' and "Faith in Christ." Mr. E. S. Wigg proposed a vote of thanks to the lecturer, stating that he was not lecturing for his own amusement, but for his Church at Mount Gambier, and the little they had to send would show that the people there were not forgotten in Adelaide. Mr. U. N". Bagot seconded. The Rev. Mr. Day acknowledged the compliment, and proposed a vote of thanks to the Chair man, which was seconded and carried. A collection was made which amounted to £8 Is. 6d.-Advertiser. THE VARIETY TROUPE. - It will be seen by our advertising columns that the Variety Troupe have returned to the | Mount, and will again appear before the public at the Globe Hotel, on the even ! ing of Saturday next. "Prom those who witnessed the performance of the Troupe when last here, we learn that a consider able amount of talent is possessed by its members. PARLIAMENTARY PAPERS.-We have received the following parliamentary papers:-Report of Select Committee on Railway Works; Petition from Dis coverers of Echunga Gold Field ; Petition from J. Rounseveil; Return of Licensed Distilleries; Return of Sold and Unsold Land in Hundreds; Illegal Depasturing in Hundred of Hanson; Petition Res pecting Mount Gambier Circuit Court; Return Revenue and Expenditure Third Quarter 1868; Votes and Proceedings of the Assembly: Third Judge and District Courts Act; Waste Lands Act Amend ment Bill. RACE MEETING.-A meeting to arrange for races here on 3New Year's Day was held in the Mount Gambier Hotel on Fri day last, when all necessary preliminary appointments were made and programme drawn up. It is confidently expected that the sub scriptions will warrant the offering of liberal stakes. For further particulars we would draw attention to the advertise ment in another column. THE HAY HARDEST.-The hay harvest is now being busily' prosecuted, and in many instances farmers have pretty nigh finished their operations. We fancy there will be less cut this year than usual, our crops, as a rule, haying escaped so far from frost, rust, and ail other cereal ills. The average of what'has been but "will be little short of two tons to the acre. The season has been most propitious for hay making. LKCTUEE.-We remind our readers of the lecture announced for this evening in the Baptist Chapel by the Rev. James Head. Subject-" Our friends in Heaven, shall we know them ?" MALICIOUS ACT -Some person or per sons on the night of Friday last entered the paddock of Mr. Haa.se, blacksmith, near the Sis Mile I$n, and inflicted several frightful gashes oh one of tlip horses run ning in it, no doubt with the view ot' bleeding the gnimal to death, A reward of £"10 i,s offered for the discovery of the perpetniTsors\pf the cowardly act. SCHOOL EXAMINATION.--The school at Torrensdale (Mr. Meyers) was examined last week by the Revs. Jas. Read and H. B. Thomas. There were 41 children present. The average attendance was said to be 33. The examiners report as follows:--" We examined the children in the various branches of general know- ledge, and on the whole for children so young, the examination was creditable to the teacher for his perseverance and the children for their attention and diligence. There were some destitute children pre- sent and gave evidence of good behaviour and attention to their lessons." AMONG SHAKEERS.-The Australasian says Thomas Hales, a young man fresh from the region of Mount Gambier, was recently swindled out of some £12 by a couple of sharpers, who picked him up in the street. He was admiring the jewellery in a shop window one morning last week, when a young man accosted him, and entered into conversation, in the course of which he learned the fact of Hales's recent arrival, with such other particulars as to his doings in the city as showed him to be worth a little trouble. With great kindness the stranger offered to show him the way to the Museum, and took him through the Carlton Gardens, the two. dropping casually into a small public house on the way. Here they were joined by a second man equally polite, who joined them in drinking. A conversation was started, and adroitly led up to :a gambling experiment with five pieceSi of. paper. Tlie first game was played by the strangers, but Hales was quickly induced to play too, and in less than twenty minutes lost £13. As a con solation they let him win back £1, and then the man who had the money vanished. Two men, named Samuel Nathan and James Gabriel, were charged with the fraud at the City Court on the 1st, and the first was positively identified as the man who was so obliging to prosecutor-? the second man, Gabriel, he could not swear to. They were remanded until Friday for further evidence, but admitted to bail." " ADELAIDE PUNCH."--The curtain has been raised and Mr. Punch has made his debut before an appreciative public. In the frontispiece this well-known gentle man is supporting himself gracefully upon a somewhat elongated pen which he con templates weilding with the looked for success of Prospero in the Tempest. At his heels is the ever faithful Toby with an Elizabethian ruff round his neck, whilst as right and left hand supporters Mr. Punch is fortunate enough to have two ladies arrayed in all the modern improve ments. There are several woodcuts which are ably executed and telling. A cartoon m winch Signora Bagoti and MadJle. Aerense are singing a duet in the Upper House, " I know a member fair to see," is highly refreshing, borne of the designs have been already submitted to the public through Melbourne Punch; we should presume that in the future strict originality will be the order of the day. The letterpress department is highly en tertaining. WHO is TO BLAME?-Mrs. Smith reports a case to us which ought to the attention of the philan trophic here, as well as the Protector of Abor igines.^ It appears a blackfellow named Johnnie Caboose after a lengthened illness died in one of the paddocks adjoining the town some ten days ago. All the blacks were absent from the Mount at the time except his brother, who was lying ill in his wurley. On the death being reported to Mrs. Smith she took steps to have the blackfellow buried, and after being sent from one department to another she at last got the police to promise that they would see into the matter. But on making enquiry, the police, we suppose, iound it was not in their department, and so declined to do anything. Caboose's sick brother finding there was no likeli hood of his brother being buried, managed to crawl into town, borrow a spade and wheelbarrow, aud alone performed the last rites of the dead. To say the least of it this, is a heartless case, and little creditable to us asa civilized and christian community. We cannot pretend to say where blame rests, but it certainly should somewhere. We trust the matter will bo enquired into, and that provision will be made for any similar case that may occur in future. INSTITUTE ENTERTAINMENTS. - We believe it is tlie intention of the Institute Trustees to get up two Entertain ments during the month in aid of the Harmonium Fund. The first, will pro bably be given on Monday next. THE NOBTHEBN TEBBITORT. - We have received a communication from the Surveyor- General calling our attention to a paragraph in the letter of our Adelaide correspondent, of28th November, relativo to Northern Territory arrangements, which he asks us to contradict as being untrue. Having no knowledge of the circumstances alluded to, of course we are not in a position to comply with the Surveyor-General's request, but we have referred the matter to our correspondent whose explanation we shall. publish in due course. * UNCLAIMED LETTERS.--The following letters await claimants at the^ General Post Office, Adelaide.. Gibbin, R., Mr. Kirbv's Mount Gambier; Hall, H., Gambierton ; Humphiey, Margaret, Gambierton ; Kemmis, J. H., Maoope Station, .Penola : Kupmun, Esq., Penola; Logan, R., Nar racoorte; Morris, Patrick, Gambierton ; Moore, II.T., Port Mactlonnell; Murphy, James, care of John Crawford, - Mount Gambier; Pidgeon, It., Mount Gambier; Risk, David, Penola; Stearn, Edward, Simpson. Mr., Glencoe station; Theisinger Philip, Border Town; Thomson, John, Mount Gambier, INSPECTOR GALBRAITH.-We understand that- a very influentially signeU and highly complimentary testimonial in favor of Mr. Inspector Galbraith is to be presented to the Hon. Commissioner of Crown Lands, by the Bheep farmers of the district of Victoria and others. DISTRICT COUNCIL. - The fortnightly meeting of the Gambier West District Council will be held tomorrow. CUSTOMS' RECEIPTS.-For week ended 28 th November; Port MacDonhell £554 Is. 6d. SOAP MANUFACTORY. - We understand that another is about to be added to our local industries, in the shape, of. a Soap Manufactory-to be commenced by Mr. W. Orchard at MacDonnell Bay, in connection with his tannery. He has /already secured the services of an experienced hand, apd purposes to turn out an article that.will compete with that made in Adelaide and Melbourne both in quality and price. We wish him success in his new undertaking. EXPORTS OP WOOL FROM ROBE.-Already .3098 bales of wool have been exported from Port Robe. ' ? " THE CEOPS.-At the present, time the crops around Mount Gamine? 1O6K tery promising, havitig improved much, during the past six, weeks.'^They have egedpeu. the frost, and we have not heard- of a,ny rust having gbeen seen. Many ^of the wheat crops are well forward. Some farmers expect to commence reaping ill a fortnight. Already barley is being cut, and oats will be on almost immediately. By the way, we may notice a fine field of barley grown by Mr. Archibald M1 Arthur' this season.' It is a perfect picture of a crqp, and it is confidently estimated to yield between 50 and 60 bushels to the acre. Judging by appearances Jthere are some crops "of wheat here this season that will fall little, if any, short of GQJ)ushels per acre. ' -' THE'WEATHEB-The weaiber has been very dry for some time now, very season able for hay making, but farmers will soon be getting anxious for a drop of rain. BOABD OF EDUCATION.-The Board of Education'met on Tuesday last, when the application of Catherine Waterhouse/for a licence to teach at Narracoorte, was referred to the Inspector, who was shortly to visit the locality. A letter was read from P. McMahon, Mil Lei, stating that unless the Board granted him the license for the current quarter he should be -obliged to close his school. This application had already been referred to the Inspector, who would visit Mil Lei during December, and the Board could not alter its decision. The Rev. Mr. Caldwell, Mount Gabbier, wrote, favour ably recommending the granting of a licence to P. McPherson, stating that the school was in an-isolated position, and needed the assistance of the Board. He ferred to Inspector. 