KOTESAND NEWS.- / On Monday ©renins next, tlio ndjoumixl meeting, of siubscribors to- tho Dnlby Hospital' bo liold.: Tlio business to bu truusncted will bo tho nomination of;o committoo, or bo«rd of innnacomoht, fcvo rico-- prosideiits, nnd two umlitors. Should- more tliuu tlip required niunbor of persons bo nominated for tho offices to bo 'filled, an oloclion by ballot will tako plnco on n day to bo appointed nt_tta mooting. / Tlie anniml meet ing of tho ineinb'crs of tlio School of Arts will bo hold on Thuraday uoxt, .tho 20th inst. Tho business to bo dono will .consist of tlio reception of tho rotiring committee's report, and tho election of officers for tno coming year. . Un luesuay last, a little boy was oliargod, .at tlio Police Court, with stealing a child's frook, and tho ;caso was adjourned until Tuesday next. -This 1ms been tho only caso brought boforo tlio court suieo our last issue. . Wo hear that, in reply to on npplicntion forwardod . on Uio 19th July, tbo Board of education in Bris bauo has given: Bliss Emily Douglas permission to attend .tlio Natiohnl School in Dalby as a pupil tcachor on probation until further notice, to bo under the direction of Mr. Walker, tlio head toaclicr. Wo .understand that Miss Douglas, whoso appointment will proro highly sntisfnctonr to most of tho residcuts in tins town who send children to the National iSehoobrinuddition-to horothee- duties-will-bo- cra-- ployed in teaching needlework, " or in any other way suited to her capacity." . , , ' " On Wednesday eroning last, tho two Quakor nunifiters at present rieiting tho diiToront towna of "tliisTolonyi'JrJ.Ncavo'mi'dW.'RehsonTreached'in tlio Congrvgationnl Cliurcb; Dalby. - Tho clmrch was well filled by an attentive congregation comprising members of almost every religious persuasion hi tom. Tho two Frionds are young mon, and appear :to .:bozTisitingztheser.«)bme8:eimplyr:to preach tho wonl of God, and this thoy do without any preten sions ond in a most earnest mannor. After tho nd- _ collection, a distribution of tracts to " tuoso who,' wore willing to accept of them." ( On tlio 12tli instant 'sixteen or seventeen appHca. tions wcrio sent into .the Land.Offico, Dolby, for laud . -Uiut day .open/to- selection under tho provisions of- tho new £hn/l._Act. Tlio quantity applied for amounts to or/r 30,000 acres, principally on Jimbour run, but as tliero aro sovcral applications for tho eamo land the area that will be actually granted for occupntion 'cinnot bo so largo. Tho laua for which nioro than one application has boon received if situbto on tho Conffamiuo River, near, tho township of ,lTacnlister, And tho applicants aro tho proprietors of Jimbour (Nessrs. Bell) and Mr. Win. Miles, of Dulacca. We observe that Mr. Nicholls, of Ticry- boo, also svnt in an application for land near Mac- alistcr. The whole of the applications were received at the Land Office at ten o'clock on Wednesday last, the agents for the principals being at the doors some timo before the offico' was opened. Tho Com- missiouer's Court will be lield on Tuesday nexty- tho An advertisement in another column" announces, that several of the squatters in tho Maranoa district have formed tiiemsclvcs into an:< association far the suppression of horso, cattle, and sheep Bteolingi and they offer.a reward of £5 each for tho conviction of any person who shall commit a robbery on airy ono of thoir runs. This step has -been found necessary for tho mutual protection of owners of stoclf, and wriU"doubtlcsshavoa"mqstwhiJle86mircflect"upbinr class of unscrupulous men who generally iujest tho interior districts of tho Australian colonics. Somo fow years since, dishonest men occasioned Tcry great loss and inconvenienco to tho squatters in tic Mur- rumbidgee district, Now South Wales, and thfe latter formed themselves into an association, simils/ to tlio one now under notice, for tho suppression or cattlo and horse stealing. The result was most satis fictory ; there were not many persons convicted, but iho fact of the association ' being in existence hod a tqidency to check the wholesale robberv then indulged in. Wo trust tho efforts of tho Maranoa squattars will be beneficial in a like degree. j Yesterilay . fho new Governor of Queensland, Colonel Blqcknll, landed at Srisbono, and .tio day was obBorved'as a holidoy. In Dalby, tho publio offices, Alio bank, and tho ono or the other estab lishments were dosed. In the Welshman of Juno ,5th there is an item of intelligence which will bo of interest to miny of ' the older residents of Dalby. That journal soys:— -" in tlio medical examination lists, wo. observe the -namo-of-Mr. James A..Jonest_wIio-pasaed.llieJlrst. professional examination at Edinburgh, for the double Qualification of L.ll.O.S. and L.R.C.F., during tlio pril and May sittings. Mr. Richard Jones, brother of Mr. J. A. Jones, lias also successfully passed his first professional examination for M.B., at Glasgow University." Mr. J. A. Jones, many of oar readers will recollect, formerly practised in DaUiy as a chcmist-and druggist Ho disposed of his' business to Mr. Thomas about two and a lialf years sinco, wheu ho went homo to study and, as will be teen by tho aboro extract. obtaui_thc_dipioma-of-a-doctor-of- mcdicine. ' 1 v The fortnightly escort from Gympio arrived at Jlnryboroughn Wednesday last, id charge of 4,329 ounoee of gold. — ,A solo of rams was effected on, tho. Glongofhnp sta- tion some. timo lose wcok, wjucii wo consulorwortny of more thau a mere passing notico. Tlie priccs ob tained for tlio' difierent lots niust bo saTisfactoxy to tho spirited breeder, John Douchar, Esq., and grati fying to 'everyone who takes an interest in the im provement of tho Darling Downs merino j'sqb .all events the salo wo alludo to stands out, in agreeable contrast with that particular ono recently reported in the Durnett Aryus at wliioh a lot of rams .(which wore, wo bopo, for tho credit of our district, prrono- ously described as Conning Downs bred animals) were " sold at from threo to thirtoon shillings each," The Glengallan lots wore sold atthcfollowingpriccs: \- — J. Scott, Esq., Orion Downs, 8 rams at £3 5s. each, ana 2 at £7 each t Robert Neil, Esq., 70 at £3 5s. each ; Now Zealand and Australian Land Company (limited), 4 at £20 each. This may bo pointed out as a result which 1ms boon arrived at by care and judgment in breeding. — Warxcick Aryus. A fow days since a telegram appeared in the papers stating that a " distinguished foroigner."'hodbcen in Sydney, and by false representations- had obtained cash to a considerable amount, with which; he hod absconded. Referring to the subject, tho. Conner of Thursday says:— It is .pretty well known that tho illustrious stranger who lately honored our poor city mui liio pnjBoucc, unuer me styio, title, ana aigmty of tho Count von Attcms, is tho individual who, in our-Sydney telegram of Tuosday, was said to havo obtained JargdJZflvanccs .in tliat city, on fictitious papers.- Wo aro sorry to' soy that ho managed, during 'his short stay here, to wall into the good graces of somo ofour citizens, and to make rothorheavy drafts' on their bankors. His countship, it will bo remem bered, loft Brisbano in that renowned craft the TIainlct'(p Ghost, the history of which vessel ought to 1)0 written some day ; And ho has last been heard of at Cleveland Bay. A warrant is out for his appre hension, and troopers havo boon despatched overland from Fort Dcnison to secure hira if possible before ho makes a descent on our friends at Bataviu. :Wo fulled to notico the count as ho desorved when lio wnn in Brisbane, hut shonld _ho, visit us again, cspo- cifilly with tlio order wliich -tMghorifT of Queens land desires to confer on hifcprepst, and Mr. Sey mour's decorations on his wrists, wo shall eiuUwror to mako amends for our former neglect of ton "A meeting of tho shareholders In tlio Tally-liolJcop Lead Alluvial Mining Company, (UAutod) was hold on fucsdny. at Messrs. Dickson uwpqncan's Auction JIait. There were about thirty perra present, repre senting twonty out of filty pouViip shareholders. "Mr. WIrAVolshj-M.L.Ajf-explulneu- thoinaturo-of-tho- dispulo rcHpeoting the ground originally takon up by tho promotorn of tho company, and stated that now ground hud been tukon up by himself and Mr. liflcbclb on bohalf of tho company, eloso to tlio pros pectors' clairaon.tbo Doop Lead at Gyinpie. Tho shareholders invited, to transfer thoir in- terest from theffgrtnind originally takon up, to the new claim, on tho.samo terms as before. This nropo- sitipit jWas agraod 'to by all present, and .there now appears to bo no impediment to tho sucriwiful cany- mgOtfoftho company. - Tho now claim ippkon of veiy highly. . Tho only difficulty in taking W tho chum fixed on nt first was that tho overs' of tlio lirofpectow' ulaira had not murkodout tho boundaries or their groipi At tho meeting the brokors w<To cm>(c5iwltq. rotgrn the dmsits in' full iiiny shureUoldcra wlio declinfed" to aocenttlio Wow JiriU »w llotisbi thoCbirri-' ' . "/vl-/" w. x : y-: . Farliamont stauds n(\joufncd to Wodnwtatfnpxt. Ill the Asqomblv on Wrilnemlgf ImL »j0 made a . statement in reforcnco to tlio Minisliy nftor ' the lflto defeat - orivthmmress. Ho smd thnt it now remained for him to jmfln'tlio HoUho that His Excelloncy tho Acting-Govomor had refused, pending the arrival of Colon'ol BlnokiUl|k- to .receive any ndvico' from the membors of tho Govorn- mout, ns to tho oonrso they wished him to pursuo in consoquenco of tho.- division which took placo tho -other night.-- As- it-was necessary- that "the now Governor should have, a day or two to dolibortitoi'ou tho advice that would be offered to him, ho (Mr. Mackenzie) could only inovo Iho ntyournniQut of.tlio Housdytill Wednesday noxt. Ho named Wednesday, because, on Tuesday next, there would' bo a total eclipse pf tho mill. ' (Laitghter.) It would also givo liis Excellency timo to considor tlio odvico. tendered to him. Tho'motioa vas put audpossbd. " A - On Tuosday wo (Queensland Times) wore shown two very hundsoiuo niiggote of gold from tho Capo River -Diggings, ona- weighiu&ovor; an ounco andtho-other- about half an ounce. Tlio owner, at ono timo a resi dent of Ipswicli,. has -como down' on businoss, nnd will return in tlio courso of a fow days. - Ho reports ino inqjorityoi too aiggcrs as doing woll, and tho plnco prospering. . From tho apparently impartial vorsion givon by him of tho-disputo botwoon souio of tho dingers and tho commissioner respecting tlio ownership of tho recently dieepvorod rich quart z reof, itjwould;appcarthatth'olattorifl"porfo"ctly"correiinir his decision which is strictly in accordance with tho gold-fields regulations at present iu iprco. . Until tho discovery of tlio reef in question, which was uicci-.' dental, tho field 'was' alluvial only, and tho principal "y itddliuggct ly "goldr VV jflfrifepecOolho apucoranco of tho ports at which our informant railed, ho states as follows j — Bowen, rut hor dull, but tbo prospoct of a gold-field boiiig oponcd up on, tho lower Burdckin was creating a; fittlo stir'j .Mockay — advancing steadily — largo quantities -of- splondid BUgor-cauo growing, and preparations boing mado for crushing \ Rockhampton — very dull— -worse than Ipswich. It was elicited in tho coUrsd of tho caso of Barnett v. Lonnon, tried in the Supremo Court on Slonday, that tlio stamps placed on tho promissory notes sued upon had boon takon off other promissory notes, which wore afterwards destroyed. His Honor, in commenting on this fact in summing up tho caso, said that ii tho notos had not bccn.admittod 'on tho pleadings, it was a question whethor tho notes, in conscquenco of tho manner in which thoy wore stamped, could have been given in ovidenco; " At'all events, it would' have given riso to a lino of argu ment not favorable to tho plaintiff, 'who affixed tho stamps j and the stop takori by him was a voiy liaznrdous one. — Express, < Tlio eoso of " Cooper v. tho Guardian " has been settled by the defendants agreeing to pay to plaintiff £100, all costs in tho -notion, and making a public apology through their counsel. Tho costs and damages amount to £216 16s. Qd. The Eclipse.— CoDsjderablo interest is being excitcdjn tho_.edipso_ ofthe aun- which is v> pi«v.w uu xuecuay tne loin loss, ruero will not be total. darkooss in QnnonslAnd, but it is anticipated that tbo stare will ho risible. The -oclipso-wlll commence about three o'oloctc on Tuesday afternoon, and continuo until nearly sunset. A homo paper says Tho total, eclipse ofthe suh will present such along duration of darku'ess, that astronomers aro anticipatlng_it- "witlfunusunl intorest. From near Aden, at tho extreme southern coast of Arabia, and notBr'from tho Red Son, and bordering on tho raits of Babclmandub, tho contral lirio of the eclipse will extend to tho southern coast of tho is'and of New Guinea, (separated onlyby Torres' Straits from the northern point of Australia) crossiug HIndos- tan, the Bay of Bengal, the Malayan Feniosula; and tbo Gulf of Siam on Iht woy; and at cortdin places on .this lino tho ddration of total darkness will bo nearly 7 misutcs (6 minutes 46 seoouds). At tbo dato in' question, the moon will not; ho more than six hours, from its perigee, or point nearest to tbo earth, whilst the sun' will not be1 far from its apogee, or polnt' farthest from tlio earth —a twofold condition, which increases f tho ap parent diagnotor of tho moon,; and; shows 'the apparent diameter of the sun nearly at.its smallest. Hcnco will arieo tho prolonged darkness. Such a" circnrastaoco occurs but rarely, and wo cannot wonder that a strong desiro'oxists to mako the most of it in ondoavouriiig to solvo certain highly .important-questions- in. physical- science. — Un»- luckily tho .soulbuost moonsoon will be in full blast on tlio 18li August, whioh with its heavy clouds, will render observations either uncertain or impossible, except on tho eastern side of moun tain ranges." 