ABOUT THE D——. There in a very strange omission in our Biographical Dictionaries : none of them contains any account of the Devil. Considering tho very prominent manner in which he figures throughout European Literature, one would expect to find some satisfactory biography of him somewhere. We cannot help feeling curious about it. It is involved in mystery. It is always turning up at one point or another, suggesting1 all' kinds of inquiries, and subjooting us to endless dis-;, appointment in our search for information. Where > shall wo find this information, in any ccUebtod Bhap8?J De Foe has left us The Political History of tho ¡Devil i and Scott wrote a treatise on Demonology ;. but neither of these works exhausts the subject, or even attempts to do so. Tho Devil is prosonted'to .us/unA*r'na^''4iii'ei«9ni. names, and' in every,variety^ of forra- and character, i At ono timer ho'is awful in his majesty and'p^wer':' at anothor, ho'is simply a cunning roguo ; hardly more: rospootablo than O' .Olo'. Ono writer anrrouods hinx '. with all tho charms of opio or drama'io- poetry';. ? anothorintroducea him in an ordinary dialogue; talking' like an ordinary gentloman. SomotimesVuo ! stands', botero us ai a potent spirit, slothod in thV.diram'd; splendours of a fallon angel : sometimes ho plays tho blown, arrayed in horns and tail ¡ sometime* hócocks' his hat upon his head, drosse) in tho latest fasnion,.and attracts your eye with tho glitter of: his studs-and sloove-links. , The biography of such a character-would! surely he?> interesting; : IÏ'lt gave ^nothingnrore£ than the scenes in which he ilguroa in modern Utera- ' ture, it would at loast 'fsupply a:want,i';as the-prosy pootuscsoay. Hore ? are some > of ? them; which may sorvo as contributions to ' "Tho Literary ; History^ ol', tho Devil." Evorybedy is familiar with tho Devil-as:Thoma»» Ingoldsby has painted him. . That irreverent writer has made quito a drawing- room; companion^of him;, stripping him of all his terrors and rendering, hint' utterly ridiculous. Ho has always got horns and'a< tail, and always smells strongly of sulphur. His die--, guises certainly aro pleasant onongh,. as, for instance^ in tho following:- ' ;-. t,, \ _ , , - , ; Sh Dunstan stood in his ivied bower, i Alembic, crucible^ all were there; 1,. Whon inoarao Nick/ to play him a triok, 'a ' ? ' ? In guise of a damsel passing f air^ ".; '.: ¡; * i It she was anything Uko tho fair Armida, despatched' - at Satan's suggestion-for the pujóse- of undsing the Christian besiegers of Jerusalem, ' St .'Dunstan must: havo felt himself in danger. ' It ; would: seem, from l Ingoldsby that tho Devil thought his - best ohahce of . overcoming a monk-was to appear in* tho > Bbiinc'-of a- ' woman. St Nioholaa waa visited in tWi way, as well- . as St Dunstan.1 Tho Devil introduced himself to Maul as a lady of royal-birth, seeking confession of sins and'? hospitality.: Tho triok -was not discovered until' they .'' were half . .way through a magnificent spread in ¡th», refectory. A pint and a quarter of holy water, having boon dash'd in tho;lady's face, . !| ' Ohl then did she reek Wd squeak and shriek ...i t';v I With a wild unearthly scream ;. And flzzl'd and hias'd'nnd produo'd auch a mist, ' ., ' i They were all half-bhok'd by tho stoaim.-A Her dove-like oyes turn 'A to coals of firei. ,_'r','?*.; ?<.' ! Her beautiful noss to a horrible snout/ : . ; /' Her hand to paws, with nasty great olaws,'' '? ¡ 'j{ \ 1 And her bosom -wont in and hor toll carno out.'' ' " ; On her chin there appoar'd a long nanny-goat's beard,. And her tusks and tooth no man' mote tell ; ' And her horns and her hoofs gave infallible proofs, - 'Twas a frightful fiend from the nethermost hell. On another occasion, tho Devil appearedat a bali as ai swell of tho period,-" a tall figurant all in black;" . and after astonishing the guests by his agility as a dancer, ho lod, out the mistress of tho house, Sir Christopher Hntten's wicked wifo. - , .' Up they go once, and up they'go twice 1 Hound tho hall I' round the hall ! and no w. up they go thriool ' . ' ' Now ono grand pirouette tho performance to crown t Now again thoy go ÜP ll and thoy never como PO wir Ht In another Lay wo havo the Devil at a dinnor party, with a numborof associate Da vils; tho result ot tho ontertainmont appearB in the following lines:- . Hero's Lucifer lying blind drunk with Scotch ale, While Booktebub' s tying hugo knots in his ta iL There's Sotebos, storming because Mephistopheles - GOTO him tho lio,-said ho'd, " blaekon his eye/* And dash'd in his face a whole enp of hot ooffoo-leoa Tho foto of Exeisoman Gill is one of many similar warnings -against the uso of rash expressions ia moments of difficulty. Tho Devil is always within: oar.'hot Exciseman Gill was chasing Smuggler Bill, hut his horso waa failing: , . . 'I would ^ive my soul,' quoth Exciseman'Gill, - ' For a nag that would catch that Smuggler Bill t No matter for blood, no matter for bono, No matter for oolour, boy, brown, or roan, . . So I had but ono I " 1 A voioo oriod "Donol" r "Ay, dun," said Exolsoman Gill, and hs spied A Custom-house officer close by his aide; On a high-trotting horse with a dan-co'onred hide, < "Dovil tako me," again quoth Exoisoman Gill, i ! ..lt.I had but that horse, I'd havo Smuggler Bill t " Ho got tho horso, but U carried him over a precipice. Southey scorns to hove boen even a groater admirer of tho Devil than ? Ingoldsby, and at the samo tims a moro industrious student of tho pious old legends in whioh tho Devil appears so frequently. Wo owo to this peculiarity of - tho poet one "of tho most " popular jeux d'esprit of tho sentury,-The Dovil's Walk. Tho ¡doa struok him ono morning while shaving; ho montinnod it to Coloridge at breakfast, and tho two togothor soon completed it Tho greater part was dona, by Southey, It is printed in Coleridge's Poems with, the heading "as it first appearod-Fridjy, Soptember. 0,1770." A controversy aroso afterwards aa to the., authorship :, the nophew of Professor Portons tho", groat soholar, distinctly claimed tho honour fer his, uncle Many other Individuals claimed it for them- selves. Imitators were numoroua, Lord Byron,being one of them. Tho verses deserved their popularity. From his brimstone bed at break of day, A-walking tho Devil is gone, To look at his little snug farm of tho World, And see how his stock went on. Over the hill and over tho dale, And he went over tho plain ; And backward and forward he swish'd his long tail, As a gentleman swishes a cane. How then was tho devil drest ? Oh, he was in his Sunday's best; His coat was red and his breeches were blue, And there was a hole where his tail came through. In tho Truo Ballad of St Autidiua, tho Popo, and. tho Dovil, wo havo an amusing Spanish legond dressed up in vorao. U volutoa how tho aaint was walking by tho rivor nido ono ovoning, when tho Devil made bis nppcurnnco j ho waa soon aurrouudod by bia imps, ons of whom told him that ho had just come from Roma, having caught tho Pope in a deadly sin, Tho Devil was greatly pleased to hear it : Oh, thou king Beelzebub for joy He drew his mouth so wide, You, might have seen his iron teeth, Four and forty from side to side. T -;-; Ho wagg'd Iii« em*, lie tw.Btod Jiia tail, Ho know not for joy wliat to do ; In his hoofs and hi» horns, in his heels and his corn It tloklod him nil (lirough. Tho Saint iinving overhonrd tho o-invorsation, ri solved to defeat tho Devil; so ho jumpod upon hi back, repeated a. Potor Nosier, and ordorod him to ii to Homo with him. They roaohod tho Pope's res deneb in a twinkling, when tho lattar confesaod hil si and rocoivod absolution from tho Saint The Devi was thus deprived of bis victim. ; v St Itomuald is tho title; of another ballad in th samo ..style,, .derived from' tho sanio :/spureo ^th Spanish legends.. jThia Saínt was /romaViable for hi suoaessfal tusslesiwitb tho Devil. ? A Fronoh travollo inquiresbf an'innkooper how St; Bomuald was getting .on Q^'^JfoWfatfiiaialtor^''1 '[.''.' 1 >, There has been perilous work' ; ¡ .' ' : J : ?Wifn^m'-Bnd;'thoiTjovll'thbre in yonder coll; ': '; '; ! For Satan used to,maul him liko a Turk.' . H There they, would' sometimes fight -, ¡ ¡ y * All through'á winter's night,. i ¡; ?.' . ?J;^'F^&'sunsot'uatil morn,^''1:-'/;^;, ( / 'ri,,' V Hef.'jnim/aoross', the'D'ovii with, hisi hörnj'. .'.,I;V The DovH spitting lire with might and.main . ..<-, Enough tomiiko SLMiohaol half afraid: . « ; :' Ho splashing holy wator till ho made ' '-':i; ' ' ' .'""?' His rod hido hiss again, And tho hot vapour filled tho smoking coll.. This wes BO cbmmon that his facó booamo'' AirblacVand yellow with tho brimstone flame ' And thon ho smelt '. v O Lord! how ho did smell 1 ?H i' .-. (| , ... -->'.' ; ... .' . ; ':'..' ". '.' Oornoliua Agrippa, a ballad of a young man that wonld rend unlawful books, and how ho was punished. . Veqr' pithy and; profitable" . This tolls us how Agrippa wont out pt his housoono day, bidding' his wifo lot no itt to his.study , during his absence:, but a youngman in tho establishment managod to got in, and read ono of tho magician's hooke.' His 'studies were disturbod by the'ontronco of tho Devil: --' ' 11 ; .Two hidooas horns on his bead ho had got, , ;/Xiiko iron heated nino times rod-hot; . ' ' ; : Tho breath of his nostril was.brimstone bluo, : ."? And bis' tail like a fiery serpent grew. ? . . ? i The Devil toro out tho young man's boort with bis -olow-yand -vanish'd in a clap of thunder. Abettor > ballad '.than, this is' ' ; Tho 'Pious'- Pain ter : á story of an: .artist,;"' whosojdolight wits in' painting tho Devil,'. Tho Pointer mado a point of.intensifying tho Dovil's ugliness, a faot which angered bim so' much that ho threatened him tb beware.'. Tho artist toole HO hood of the1/throaty ' Ono day. when ho was1 painting a 'large pioturo ovor the church door, in whioh ho roprosontod tho Virgin i standing on tho Dragon, ; the: De vii stood \- suddenly,b'osidohim on the scaffolding: Fool ti Idiot I! Old Ooolzobub grinn'd.os he spoke, . And stomp'd on tho scaffold in iro.) <<\v .-. f.... : ' ?Tho' Paintor grew' palo for ho know ;lt no joko, > '; 'Twas a.terrible height, and tho scaffolding brok«, u" Tho Devil could wish Uno higher.' X''i -. )nf¡.r.r :, -, ' " ' .. ? , .-. -. ", , .: . '"..'.;. ' ?.Help !>Help 1 Blessed Mary.1' he.oriod ia alarm, , . As tho scaffold sank under his feot, ¡ Frtim'tha canvas the Virgin extended her arm, She. caught the good Paiñtorí , sho',6*iv'd him from oliarm,': :.,.. ; /'(? . )'.:.?'?;".'?."' ; Thoro woro hundreds who saw in' the street As an I appondix to " Kodoriok, tho". Ii'ast ot tl ?Gothe/î- tho author giros us a prose translation < . sevpfôl ohaptersnb£ a Spanish1 chronicle^ roUting' tl eucooisivo attempts of tho 'Dovil to oajolo the unforti nata Goth.' Thoso stories' are in tho lruo stylo c monkish narrativo.! Tho' Dovil' first appears SB hemit "!with a long white board and a groat koo brer tho eyes, and some paternosters hanging from hi girdlo,' ? and - supporting .'. hirasJf/ , on.' , staff, as j though ho wero lame . and coul «ot'.', go.?',' ..'Tide was a" favourito charaoto: by tho way, with tho Dovll and thoso who doalt i; diablorio, whonever thoy wont masquerading about th world. >. Tho soreorors in Spenser and Ariosto, for ir stanoo,'ohoso this disguise whon '. they attempted t load'. asjxay: tho'virgin horoinos of tho Faery Quoon and i Orlando Furioso. .. Tho .'Lifo- of St; Baiil: fumühod -Southey will another^'opportunity for bringing tho1 Dovil on th soone, under tho", title' of ," All for Lovo, or 'a Sinne' well saved,"] Ono .of tho-many miracles worked bj tho Saint was the roscue of an unhappy1 youth namei ElcÖmori, ,a 'bondsman, who, in'order to obtain ii marriage; tho daughter of his master, signed a Bone to the 'Dovil, conditioned for the forfeiture of hil soul in consideration of tho virgin ho sighod for Thrcmgh tho influonco of the Devil, ho obtained hi wishes,, ¿nd lived happily with his wifo for twelve years, whenhor fatherdiod. Dis ghost .appeared thc night after tb, her, and explained tho foarful obliga- tion' 'tinder ' which ' hor husband had placed himself. Tho next morning, she dragged him off tc old Bishop. Basil, who directed the unhappy man to seek his release at tho foot of the cross." '* Eleomon does so, and in tho midst of his prayers ho is interrupted by'tho' Devil':-- * ' f '..?>.*. ?. " re 1. .-r.\ :u ? ? ' . j ' . ; . v/'^'.EliBmonl EleomonV ; . ;; Sternly said the Damen,- ? ; ;, ? ; ' ¡. . Ho ii. havo I merited this ? ! I kept my covenant with theo ^ . - i't> ' -1 And placed theo in worldly, bliss. ,-. r!Í!(I V.1' , I I , - . - . .;. ...... Iik .l'-Eombmher I. deceived thee not,... . . " ' Nor had I tompted thee ; . : .' » . .* Thou'earnest of thine own accord, ':' And didst act"knowingly1: ' 'j : : * So help rue. Satan 1/ wore thy words ) .. ..-.When thou didst this al'ow:> ;.. I; '1 h'olp'd theo,Elcümon, then,'' _-.:> 5;,'j.'.' And I will havo theo notv V '; ; Xh'e. prayers '.of ' tho penitent woro not in vain, bat thé Elend doßod Ibo power of the Church to defraud hint pfI the' rights secured by tho Bond. The Bishop accepted, tho' ohallot-go. A day was set npirt for tho publié penance, of Eltümon in the churoh ; butboforo ike coiomony was over, the Devil appoared and in- sisted upon a verdiot according to law. Tho Bishop argued tho matter, and raisod two fatal objootions to tho validity, of tho Bond. Tho Dovil.loat his coso, und -retreated in tho usual clap of thundor. In Thalaba and Kcbnmo, Southey introduces ua to thoDovilsof Arabian and Hindoo mythology-Eblis and Soova,-hut without any attempt at portraiture Tho monlion of Eblia suggest» that wondorful piece of flotlonoallodVathck. Wondorful especially, oonsidoring that it waa writton in 'thrco dnya and two night;.' by a young gentleman of "2, posuossod of a million of monoy and X100,0;)0n yearl Eblis prosont» a vory difforont nppoaranco from that of tho cognate Dovil painted by Southoy und Ingoldsby. Whon Vathok and his friend hal mado their way to bia prosonco, thia is what they saw : ? An. infinity of cid'-a in atreaming boards, ond afrits in completo armour, had prostrated themselves beforo tho ascent of a lofty oininonco, on tho top of whioh, upon a globo of lire, sat tho formidable Eblia. His porson wan that of a young man, whoso noblo and regular fontHrea leomod to havo boon tarnished by malignant vapour», lu bin largo oyca appeared both pride and despair ¡ his (lowing hair retained Homo resemblance to that ot an angel of light In bin hand, whioh thunder lind blasted, ho swayed tho iron seoptro that onUBoa tho monator Ouranhnd, tho afrit", and all tho po worn af tho abyss, to trombb. Athis pjeaonoo, tho honrt of tho Caliph sank within bira, mid ho foll prostrate on hia face,' " ,' Byron's imitation of tho Devil's Walk is not happy, strange to say.' As tho founder of tho Satanic school he ought to have done something better. This is the way in which he begins The Devil's Drlve : ¡ Tho Devil returned to hell by two, And he stay'd at home till five, ' When he dined on some homicides done in ragoût, And a rebel or so in an Irish stew, And sausage made of a self-slain Jew! And bethought himself what next to do, 'And, quoth he, 'I'll take a drive ; I walk'd in tho morning, I'll ride at night, In darkness my children take most delight, And I'll see how my favourites thrive.' But in ' Cain : a Mystery,' he deals seriously -with the Devil, under tho 'name, of Lucifer. This Lucifer is clearly an imitation of Milton's Satan, and is, therefore, not an original Devil by any means, About Milton's Devils there is a good deal to be said, That Byron's Lucifer is cut out according to a pattern supplied by Milton,-is evident at a glance. He is a Miltonic spirit, with' a strong infusion of Byronic sarcasm. He is haughty and defiant, and' at tho same time given to jeering,—a weakness which is not dis- played by .tho Satan of Paradise Lost, and which cer- tainly lowers his dignity. Tho part' he plays in tho Mystery is very ' simple : he enters into conversation with Cain, - and, then takes him for a flight through space. - .He does not prompt him to murder his brother; he asks nothing but that Cain should worship him. Tho poet leaves us to infer that tho murder of Abel resulted : from this com- munion with Lucifer,—as if Cain's mind, already loose, had been quite unhinged by it. Perhaps there is more truth and grandeur ,in that idea than thero is in a direct temptation to commit a crime,—to eat an apple,- for instance : and perhaps also tho poet took tho hint of this composition from a dialogue between Cain, 'and his descendants, instigated by tho Devil, which may be 'found in De Foe's Political History. In Manfred, .tho Devil appears as Arimanes,— grand and majestic like Eblis in Vathek. Manfred enters the Hall of Arimanes, and finds him on his Throne, a globe of fire, surrounded by the Spirits of tho Elements. They chant a solemn Hymn on Manfred's entrance ; but Arimanes himself says nothing. ' Arimanes, it may be added, is tho Greek way of spelling Ahriman, tho Devil of tho Persian Mythology. G.B. BARTON.' , 10th May, 1868. 