PARTED IN ANGER. (From the Family Herald.) " Agnes, you silly littlo wifo, you nro not really out of temper about suuli a trifle! Look up, and laugh, or I 6ball think you aro pouting in carucst." r Tho young husband of two months' standing put bis baud under his wifo's chin, us ho spoke, and strove to raiso tho protty face that was hiding its charms uuder a frowu. Hut- Agues Kay shook off tho loving hand, and' turned away coldly. " You inay call it out of temper or pouting, which over you choose," suid sho ; " but I am' annoyed with you, and I don't feel at all inolinod to laugh. You promised to tako mo to Alorrisscs' ball j and now, when I bavo been looking forward to it, aud preparing ray- dross, and promised niyBclf several dances, you say you cannot go because your father is ill. llo is no worso than bo has been, and will probably linger on in this state month after mmitl. Do you supposo I am not to go out all through tho winter ?" " I don't know, dear Agnes," replied her husband, gravely. "1 hopu iny father may got hotter soon ; but at present ho is in a very precarious state, and I could uot with -pro priety go to this ball, or let you .go. Hut can you not inako yourself happy nf homo with mo, so early after marriugo, my darling ?. You used to say you preferred a quiet cveuing with mo to any ball, and you see nothing of mo all day. Will you give mo u' kiss before I go ?" 11 Nonsenso, Edmund I I novor oxpcctcd you to bo so unkind," retorted Agnes, angrily. "Iliad bettor liavo stayed with papa, who novor refused mo any- pleasure, thou bave married to bo tyrranised over liko this. I wish I hadn't married." ; Edmund Kay's ploasant good-looking face darkened with pain and annuyanco at his wifo's fretful, angry words, and ho 9tvugglod to regain his temper boforo he answered her. " You aro saying what you do uot mean, Agnes," ho said coldly; "and you will bo sorry for it afterwards. I shall como home by tho fivo o'clock express, and if you liavo recovered your temper you can ordor tho ' horses, and wo will go for a ride before dioncr. Good-liyo." Leaving the house, for tho first time since their marriage, without a parting kiss, Eduiuud Hay wended his way to tho station, and was boor being whirled along towards his oflico in London; whiln Acrnne. ctriKmliti.. . roprusa tho toara that would foroo llioir way to hor protty bluo eyas, 'aloud by tho window, listoning to tlio Bound of tho train dying away in tho diatanoo. Tlioy had parted in ongor, arid, woman-iiko, Agnoa would havo giviui worlds now to liavo recalled all that sho had said, and' to havo giyon tlio kiss of peaco ho had askod for in vain. Sho loved hor young husband vory dourly, nnd know his worth: 5ut alio was a spoilt child j and ho, in his deop love, was fostering hor wilfulness and. impatience" by yielding and ministering to her ovory wish.' , Kdninnd Itay was n barrister, diving somo thirty miles from Londuu, in a protty part of that prettiest of counties, Surrey," nnd conso- qnently Agnes passed many hours of tho day alone; but never had sho fult thoin so long and woarisomo as thoy wero that morning. Sho ordorcd . the dinner, ro-arranged tho flowers in hor vases, wrote hor letters, and a note, to Mrs. Morris, to sny thoy would bo unablo to como to iior liaii, and, long'hefore it was' nooossary , put on hor riding-habit, that she might bo roady for ICduiund wlion lio cauio boiuo; thon, ordering tlio groom to bring tlio borscs round at fivo o'clock precisely, silo took a book, and sat down in iior pretty liltio drawing-room, to wiio away tbo tinio till alio hoard tho train approaching that was' to bring Iior husband homo. She had no fears as to tlioir mooting after thoir quarrol. Slio kumv woll enough that sho had only to givo a \- W..W su iuvuiii iiuttl nur lUVlUg young husband; and with a happy light in her eyes alio tonk up hor baok, and whs booh deop in its absorbing pages. Ever and anon sho would raise hor head to listen for tlio roar of t|ie approaching train ; but it'did not come, and sho rosumod her reuding. Tho tramp of borW foot arousod her, and, going to the dnnr, sho found the grooiu standiug tbero with the two horses, ready saddled. "You arc too curly, Baynos." bIio said. '.It is uot Ave yot, uud your master Is not cpmo homo." . " Beg pardon, ma'am," replied the man, biueluug lus hat, " hut it's ten minutes past Bye ; aud I didn't kuow whether maybe you'd ride to tho statimi to uiect inastcr. The epress ain't iu yot." Aun«s. paused, and hesitated. She rntlmr Wished to medt hor husband quietly at l,,)lll0 that suo might tell him how soiry she was to have, behaved ill to him; but her . pretty ohcsuut niaro was prancing aud curvetting; and, gathering her skirt round her, sho said, "Very well, Uayncs. Bring Zulcika near, and you can mount Julius, aod walk boiho from tbostution." . Tho man obeyed, nnd thoy rodo 'gently to the little country station. As they approached it'sho saw ber father, Mr. Wybiord, who lived a few miles off, riding towards it, atid turned her horse to meet him. " Well, Agnes," bo exclaimed, smiling, " ore you como to. moot your .husband; liko a dutiful wife? I am expecting Liuton down to spend a few days .with me, and am como to look after him. IIow late the express is i I'll run in and see how soon they expect it." He dismounted from his horse, and entered tlio station, while Agnes sat outsido watching the people coming to meet friends or depart themselves. Mr. Wyniard stayed Boveral minutes in tho station, and wben bo rejoined hor,, there was a look on his pale face that niQile his daughter's heart give a dull thump . at .her side, and made her feci sick and faint. I 'bHo brave, my girl, and make up your mind to boar a little suspense," he said, laying his bund quietly ou bcrs. " Tbcrc has been an accident on tho lino. Tho five o'clock express has gono over the embankment, and several passcugcra aro killed and wounded. I am going up tlio liuc now ou an cngiuo they nro going to send, and I'll bring Edmund back with me, I hope. Trust iu God, my child. lie may be ail safo aud sound. Go homo, aud wait as patiently as you can." Agnes heard him through. Iior heart was beating with slow, licuvy pulsations, and a numbness stole over her whole body ; but sbc did not cry or fuiut. Ouo deep, hcuvy breath she drew; then in cold, hard tones, sho said, "May i not couio on tho eugiuo with-you ?" " My poor child 1" said Mr. Wvniard, " yon must not. Edmund would not wish it. Probably ho is staying to help the wounded. Go home, my child; I must be off. 'Bo brave !" Sho stooped nnd kissed him quiotly and silently; and then, with fixed, unseeing eyes; and pale stony faco, rodo homo. Home to the empty house, the loud-ticking clock, and tho dull gnawing agony of bcr fearful waiting! Slowly and calmly sho passed , up tho steps, through the hall, and into tho shady drawing- room. Sho took bcr hat from hor buroiog bead and passed on to the window, where sho! took her stand to watch — for what? Alas! poor young wife, not for her husband ! She felt no doubt about bis futc. From the moment that she had heard her father's words a deadly certaioty that sho should sco .him no' mora nltve took possession of bcr. Thoy bad parted iu auger for tbo first time, and sho felt sure that, by one of tboso strange fatali ties, thoy would never meet again. . The son shone as brightly as over, si thrush sang gaijy in a neighbouring tree, -and her kitton was playing with a floating « feather, but lifo was over for her. Edmund was' dead —those kiiid dark eyes closed for ever— that lovim: heart cold and still I Tho clock— a wedding present from hor father — ticked gaily, on, aud chimed the quarters three times unheeded by her boforo - tho garden gate croaked, nrnl hor father, with! slow, reluctant step, passed up tho gravel path.: Sho stood still, merely turning her palo face and dreamy, eyes ou him ns ho entered tho room. The tears stood in his ns he put his arms gently rouud her, and the liand -tbat took her cold ono trembled vlolontly. " Agnes, my poor child," ho said, in broken tonos, " 1 can givo you no hope. Tbo bodies aro not all recovered yet ; but he is not among the wounded or safo ; and ho was seen to. enter tho train somo minutes before it started. Heaven help you, my child!-- It is a fearful, fearful blow I" ; , - Agnes spoke, not— a shudder ran through hor whole frauio— sho raised her hoad and shook it, as if. trying to shako off somo be- wildoriug weight. Her eyes were dry, though tho tours full fast from her father's ; and sho turned her gazo onco more ou tho gato, as if expecting somebody elso to como. Alas, poor young wife 1 was sho looking for that dreadful procession tliut was 'to conic — the shutter, with "its ghaatly burden, so. stiff and still beneath tho sheet or cloak thut hid it from tho public gaze T . xi wub luug ucioro nor iaiuer couiu gee her to quit her dreadful post of silout wutohiug; but when she at length throw' herself on the sofa with wild eries of ugony, it was still more terriblo to see that white desparing face, as. she raised it, tcnr-staiiicd and convulsed, toher father's, saying through the choking sobs, "and wo parted in anger!" Oh, careless words, so lightly 6poken ! what agonising fruit word they bearing now 1 , Poor Agues! thny could not iaduco hor to go to bod through tlmt long, weary night. " Oh no, uo !" she sobbed. : " I must stay up till — oh Eduiuud! Eduitmd !" and tho shuddering pause spoko uiore 'plainly than aiiy words could speak. But fow such nights can como -to any woman.; and thank God, iu His mercy, such agony can last but ono 'night in a lifetime. Tho arrow may remain in. tho wounded heart year after year, but tbo fearful thrill of its entrance can come but onco. The dull groy light broke at last. The rising sun tinged tho soft grey clouds , with rose and junior; tlio littlo birds twitted gnily and blithely once inoro among tho daw- spangled trees, aud tho life proceeded on its accustomed' way, lakiug no heed of that weary widowed young heart — that future, robbed of overy hope ! Agnes threw up tho window that tho fresh morning breeze might cool her aching, burn- iug brow, and leant out to gnze with heavy swollen eyes on the lovely scene beforo her, innugn ait unconscious ot its lovohnes3. Hor fathor, worn out with sitting up hour after hour, iu vain endeavours to sooth her wild agony of grief, lay sleeping heavily ou tbo sofa, his wriuklcd fuce looking more wrinkled, his grey hair greyer, in tho clour light of tho early morning. Oppressed by tho dull stupor that follows excessive weeping, Agnes stocd leaning against the window, listening to tho whistle of tho passing labourer, or the ching-olnng of the gardener's sharpening scythe, as ho mowed the lawn, unconscious that his master was a mangled corpse, and his inistrcsB a widow, fur he had left his work before tbo sad report bad reached tho servants' ears. The distant r.mr of an approaching train struck oh her curs, and Agnes Bliivcrcd at the terriblo pound, and, , cowering down ou tlio stono stop of tho window-sill, buried her faco iu bcr bauds to shut out sight aud sound, and that reminded her of the . terrible grief that had come ou her young lifo. : Sho so far succcdcd, that she heard nothing of an ap proaching step on the gravel, but. sat on, buried in bcr bitter thoughts, til) the sound other uamo in a well-known voico made, her spring to bcr feet with a wild cry, and in another moment sbo was in her busbabd's arms I ' " My own Agncs— my darling ! what docs this mean ?" bo asked, in bewildered surprise, wbiol) was .certainly' riot diminished by her oscitcd answer—'' ; ' . "Ob Edinuhd, Edmund!" sho cried — "thoy said you wcro killed 1 ICduiund — my husband!" "Who did ?— when ?" asked tho nstonished youn? man ; but bo could gain no answor, till Mr. Wyniard, roused from his sleep by his daughter's cry, enmo foruard, and asked bow he had escaped tho smash of yesterday's express. " Because I never was in it," ho replied. " Did not Agnes got niy note?" " No, Agnes got no note," replied her father; aud one of tho passengers told mo he had seen you - cuter the train some minutes beforo it started. You were in one of the first carriages, ho 'said, and they were smashed, and nearly all tho passengers killed." " That is quite true," replied Edmund, with a grave face; "but beforo tho train started I received a telegram to say my father was worso, and to beg mo to como to hini immediately. I wrote a line ou a leuf of my pockctbook, to tell Agnes what had happened, and gavo it to poor Southey, who was sitting by my side, beggiug him to let Agues have it at onco'; but I supposo the poor fellow was killed. I then went to my father, who died at two o'clock this morning ; and as soon as I could get away I conic home. So my poor little wifo has passed a night of widowhood ana misery! Agnes, novo you no woru tor rao now I have returned ?" Agnes raised her pnlo tcar-stnined face to his with a look of tremulous joy, too deep for words, whispering, " Oh Edmund ! it riindo it so trebly dreadful to think we bad parted in anoor !" « M. L.B. » Buried Alive and Shot .as a .Ghost.-t Tbo. ' Cleveland Platudeulcr. tells the follow ing ( strango 'incidents' as ' liaving occurred in Southern Ohio An old gentleman, named Delos Winans, became frantically angry wijli liis son bocauso ho had lost a largo sum of his father's money on a hot. His frenzied feelings 6oon got tho better ef him, and .jio felled his son to. the floor with a blow of his fist, and immediately, thereafter fell down in d senseless condition. Great excitement in tho family ensued. Tho mother ran soreotn- ing for assistance, which was soon forthconi- ing in the person of several of the neighbours. Mr, Winnns was. found in an, apparently life less condition, with blood flowing from his noso and mouth. . A subsequent , oxamiuation by a physician led to the announcement by liiui, that Mr. Winans had died from tho bursting of a blood vessel. So ovidoutly liad. tho vita! spark fled that no effort at resusci tation was made, and' the rcmaius were pre pared for burial ds promptly , ns possibTlo. The fuucral of tho deceased took placo on tho following Wednesday. Mr. Winans body had only been coffined the previous day, up to which time it had lain draped in a shroud in the parlour. Notwithstanding the wonderful life-look of tho skin, and tho colour of tho face, it occurred to no ono to suggest a post- poncment until death was absolutely ccrtnio. Tho funeral was lorgely attended and every body remarked the life-like appearance of tlio deceased. Tho remains were temporarily placed in ono of tho vaults of tho ccmotcry, owing to tho fact that a brick tomb ? coin- moncc'd far their reception had not been com pleted. At ten o'clock on Thursday 'liiglit the village was thrown into grant excitement by tho report that a ghost had been seen in tho comotery a short timo before, nnd that the old lady who first saw it was frightened into a fit, from which it was doubtful whether fIio would recover. Thinking that probably the ghost wus personated by some scoundrel, who had played tho trick sovcral times before, a number of persons armed themselves with shot-guns, proceeded to the cemetery, and uuiuuivutiVU U VUUMUUD I IJ B JJUU V1UU— VIICIT UCUriS thumping in their bosoms in spite of their nssumed bravado. Thoy had not long to wait, for thorn flitting among tho tombs, was a white object plainly to he scon. With trem bling hands they raised their guns and fired, when — strange fact for a ghost — thoy sow tho white creaturo fall between a couple of graves. Picking up courage, they cautiously approached the object and turocd a lantern upon it. Their feelings can bo better Imagined than described when they found that tho ghost was tho lately deceased Mr. Winans. Whilo n portion of the party picked up the bleeding aud senseless body of the old gentle man,, aud started homeward with it, tho remainder bnstencd to the vault. There they found Mr. Winuns coffin broken open, and laying ' upon the floor, nnd the coffin of a deceased lady, thai had been placed upon it, likowjso thrown down from tho shelf, and standing on end, also partly broken open, dis playing its ghostly iumatc. Tho vault door, which \va8 rather a weak affair, hnd- been, forced open by tho resurrected irnm. Tho party then wont to Mr. Winans' house, and hero they found that his wounds wero not serious, and that lie had recovered his senses. Ho had boon carried to the cemetery in a trance. Early on Thursday evening' conscious ness flashed upon his mind that ho had been coffined nlivo. This lout additional strength to his struggle to get frco, and he finally euc- cecded in bursting open the coffin. 