THE BENDIGO ADVERTISE PtiH!.!M1Kt> DAIX.T . . ' rtCHRIUIOK, «>(1K Kt«.'IT», **!» OUR Ktlllli'tCKt SANDHURST, WEDNESDAY. MAR 4, 1868 THE ORACLES OF TEE OPPOSITION. Me. WaiTEM-iS, the defeated candidate at Emerald Hill, has suddenly become a personage of no ordinary importance. Had he been elected in preference to Mr. Yerdon, the Treasurer, the distinction would have been, by no means so great as that which he now enjoys in consequence of his defeat. True, it would have been something to beat a member of the Ministry, and that member not the least able or least important of the body. But what distinc- tion would such a victory give compared to that which Mr. Whiteman now enjoys? Had Mr., Whiteman been returned to the Assembly, the eclat attending his success would speedily have been forgotten, and the member for Emerald Hill would have sunk quietly into his old position as a harmless member of the Opposition, occasionally attracting brief no- tice by some such eccentricity as de- livering a speech in verse. Failure has, how ever, made Mr. Whiteman famous. He sought greatness,-and it was denied him, only, how ever, to be thrust upon him in a different way. Mr. Whiteman's defeat was the signal for the rallying cry of the Opposition, and the mortifica- tion of defeat is more than compensated for by the name of Whiteman being identified with that of the Constitutional cause. " Popkins and the British Constitution" must give way to " Whiteman and the "Victorian Constitution," or as ihe Victorian statesman of a past, age, who has been disinterred by some enterprising re- surrectionist, would say, " Whiteman and loyalty to the British Crown." The ex-member for Emerald Hill awoke one morning very recently and found himself famous. He was politically defunct one day, and lo! on the next, like a phcenix, he arose from his ashes more resplendent than ever, and now Whiteman and the cause of the Opposition are indissolubly united. The Consolation Stakes have turned out a more valuable prize than the Emerald Hill Cup, and let the Treasurer, when he feels any elation at his success, think of Mr. White- man's present prond position, and put on sack cloth and ashes forthwith. The consolation dinner given to the defeated candidate at Emerald Hill was a most interest ing event to the public as well as to Mr Whiteman, for it introduced us to two politicians, one full of the legislative wisdom of the past, and ihe other mysteriously and oracularly propounding nostrums for the future. If Mr. O'Shanassv is great as, the heavy political father with his. solemn didactic utter ances, Mr. Fellows is unapproachable as the clever doctor who has always on hand a specific for any possible political ailment. We confess we do not very well understand his utter ances as reported by ihe Herald, nor are we cer tain that the representation of minorities and the redistribution of constituencies are the cards he means to play, although he allude3 to them. There may be something more in the back ground, kept out of sight in order to excite public curiosity, but we may presume that the representation of minorities, which is a pet subject of Mr. Fellows', 13 meant. Doe3 this gentleman, however, really think he can effect this important change in the system of represen tation so easily, or does he make the announce ment in his usual jaunty, iocular way, without any real intention to take the trouble to make & serious effort ? Can ha really believe that any member of the Assembly who has sincere con victions upon such subjects, would tolerate him in hi3 character of constitution reformer, after the publication of those interesting passages between Mr. G. V. Smith and himself. The bulk of the Liberal Party in the Assembly are not like the Esau of the Ovens, ready to sell their political privileges for a mess of pottage, in the shape of payment of members, and Mr. Fellows must postpone indefinitely the date of his political millennium. After the absurd, puerile, and inflated' address recently published by Mr. O'Shanassv to the electors of the Upper House, we are not' justified in expecting from him any profound utterances on the present state of public affairs. The change between the John 0'Shana33y of fourteen years ago and the Hon. J. O'Shanassy of the present day is indeed remarkable, and must make his best friends regret that he has allowed himself to be tempted to take a part again in politics. There was one remark, how ever, that fell from him, according to the Herald's report, which cannot be allowed to pass without notice, especially as on the subject to which he refers he must be regarded as one speaking with authority. He is reported to have "stated that the framers of the Constitu tion of this colony never intended the two Houses here to represent the House_of Com mons and the House of Lords in England, because it would have been rHicnlous to expect two such bodies here." Now, as Mr.,O'Shanassy was one of those who took an active part in framing our Constitution, we must i Bay that this statement fairly staggered us. On referr ing to the report of the committee appointed in 1853 to draw up the new Constitution for Victoria, we find that the report is directly'at variance with this statement of1 Mr. O'Sha nassy's. So marked a contradiction calls for some explanation, and if this gentleman, who has been chosen as the forlorn! hope of the Opposition, values his public character, he will endeavor to explain the discrepancy. The committee in question consisted of the following , gentlemen :—The then Colonial Secretary, Mr. Foster; the then Attorney- General, 5Ir. Stawell ; the Auditor-General, Mr. Grimes; Mr.. Haines, Sir. O'Shanassy, Mr. Greeves, the then Speaker of the Council, now the President of the Legislative Council, Sir Jatnes Palmer ; Mr. Miller, Mr. Goodman, Mr. W. Nicholson, Mr. Smith, and Dr. Thomson. -The following i3 the portion of the re port setting forth the intentions of the committee with respect to the framing of the Constitution upon the model of that of Great Britain, and onr__readers, must agree with us thai the tnernqryTof the honorable member for the Central- Province lhas become rerr much impaired "It is due.to themselves (the committee) to state some of the_vi«ws. which hare actuated -them in adopt'ins a form of constitution different from those prevailing in most other British dependencies. " Desirous as they are in all practicable points to appr"ximsie our future Constitution to that-of our mother country, and determined to uphold the just nroroestire of the Crown here as fully as in the United Kingdom, they hare unanimously concurred in thinking that the social condition of this colony renders a close assimilation to certain British insti tutions impossible, and that an attempt to imitate them is likely not only to fail but to introduce the evils, without the advantages experienced from them in England. " They recommend that the Legislature should consist of an Upper and a Lower House ; the opinion of the greatest statesmen of a'l nations, and they believe of the majority of this ifSony, concurring in. that view. " Thpy recommend that its (the Legislative Council's) members should be of mature age—should be elected by the educated, independent, and per manent residents in the country ;• that they should hold their spits for ten years thereby being removed from the influence of any sudden impulse of popular feeling, while, by the provision that the House should never be dissolved, but should eo out by rotation, experience will not only be secured, but at the same time, opportunity will be gi*en'to infuse new men and principles into the House, thereby preserving., it in harmony with any abiding change in the circum stances of the country. . "To such a body thev propose to entrust the legislative functions of the House of Lords. " B«n? c- nvinced that nothing could be more im politic than to legislate asainst the spirit of the age —viening the universal tcnieucv/ throughout the world towards the spread of popuUr institutions— they are prepared to recomxend that the franchise far electing the House of Assqpbly should be' placed on-as wide a basis as possible ') bey have. th»re fore, proposed practically to include all wh'^se per manent settlement in Victoria renders them justly entitled to it. " On the House of Assembly.they propose to con !*"• all the rights and powers of the House of Com mons " To the Legislature, composed of the Crown, re presented by the Governor and of these Houses res pectively possessing the powers of the Lords and Commons (louses of Parliament, your committee would entrust all, legislation on nut'ers of colonial jnrorest. A special power of veto on all questions iff- ctinj the empire should bp continued as at pre sent in Her Most Gracious Majesty." The Weather.—Another very hot day yes terday was the subject of general grumbling. There appears no immediate prospect of a change, fir the cloud- hive given place to a clear sky. The thermometer.reniitere-l in the shade, at Messrs Joseph and Co's. Pall M«ll., as follows:—9 a.in, 78°; noon, 90°; 3 p.m, 91°; 6 p.m, 81°; maximum, 93°; minimum during the previous ni^ht, 70°.. Barometer, 29 6"20°. Shire Auditors.—On Monday the annual election of auditors was held at the respective council chambers of. the Hnntly and Marong Shire Councils. Very little interest was evinced by the ratepayers generally, hardly a score of persons beins; present at either meetinj. For the former Shire Council Messrs Cartmell, Atkinson, and Capewell were nominated, and the first two elected, only one hand being held up for Mr Capewell. At the Istter meeting only two can didates were proposed, viz, Messrs J. Capper and G P. Marrack, and there being no opposition they were declared duly elected. A False Report.— A rumor was flying through Sandhurst yesterday morning, that Dr Pounds, our respected district coroner, had sud denly departed this life, 3nd as the news travelled it was asserted that his ghost had been seen taking a cab for some hotel in the Kangaroo Flat direc tion to bold an inquest on his body. We are happy, however, to state that there is no truth in the rumor, s« the fact that he held an inquest yesterday sufficiently attests. - - Attempted Robbery.—On Monday night a man named James Church effected an entrance into the bedroom of Mr James Warren, secretary of the Huntly Shire Council, and while engaged searching for valuables be wa3 observed and captured. The Difficulties of Road Makisg.—A telceram was received yesterday by a resident of Rn»lehawk, stating that in the appeal case of the Eiglehawk Borough Council against Waddington and -Co, through whose claim, at the head of Eaglehawk, the Council attempted to form a road, but were resisted by the company, has been decided again«t the Cuincil. The Pecuniary Embarrassments of tiie Benevolent Asylum.—The committee of the Benevolent Asylum not having received the subsidy due by the Government, in consequence of the dead-lock, they are not in a condition to pay their debts, two months' accounts beiug now unpaid. The overdraft at the Commercial Bank is so considerable that the manager refuses to increaae it unless the committee guarantee the amount, which they naturally refuse to do. Under the circumstances the committee at their monthly meeting, held last night, had to defer the consi deration of the usual monthly accounts until the next meeting, and it was agreed to allow the overdue accounts to bear interest at the rate of ten per cent per annum until paid. It was stated at the meeting that-there was a proba bility of the Government introducing a Supply Bill immediately after the assembling of the new Parliament, which would enable the committee to receive the subsidy. The Effects of Drink.—Yesterday a man named Masoh, a horse-dealer, who has been for a number of years well, known about Macpherson and Go's saie'yard. was brought before the Bench in a very deplorable state from the effects of a long-continued debauch. Mason has been mote than once brought before the Bench under similar circumstances, but incarceration in gaol Bppears only to have had the effect of a temporary cure. In t!he prrsent instance .lie had been found by the, constable wandering about Pall Mall in the middle .of the day in a state of semi-nudity. Yesterday morning, while waiting in tbe Court to' be called, before the Bench, he was suddenly s.-izsd with a fit, arid it was some time before he was sufficiently recovered to be removed to the L'aoljtbe only place under the circumstances to which the Police Magistrate could send him. , Lyceum Theatre.—Last night's performance was for the benefit of that astoriisbing slack rope dancer, Cuts-who gero, and there was a very good attendance in consequence. The Brazilian monkeys having gone through their laughable antics, directed by their trainer, Si/nor Ferrari, and Gengero performed his wonderful feats with Pandora's boxes, and balls and knives and tops, and E-tp Kitchie displayed his curious equilihristic. feats, and Frank, John, and- Herberte having delighted the audience with their calisthenic exer cises, and,the big' tub man called forth rounds of. spplause by his novel undertaking, the celebrated Cuts-who gero made her appearance, and after walking,!running, arid lying on the- horizontal .{slack rope, she began " the ancent'of Fti'si Yatna,'.' as the playbills call it; and which'means ascending a small rope having.one end fixed at the top of one side of .the, stage and ,the other fixed at tbe; bottom on* the" otheir, "side, the .rope .slanting 'lit*"in"-anile of about 45 .degrees. 'With (he greatest apparent eaje'slie walked up the rope to near the top and then slid backwards and erect to the bottom; '•'The'asceiit was repeated twice, and* each time as snccensfully as the first, and on the bist flccapion: ,slie stood about the'middle of the rope and swayed it from t-ide to side. The feat is certainly a most astonishing one. To-night it will be repeated, and several new feats will be performed by'the other members of the troupe.. 