THE BENDIGO HANDICAPS. Br PKEPISG Tost. The good people of Bendigo bare been die appointed this year in not hewing their annual races at the usual time. The arrival of the Duke of Edinburgh, and the necessity of hold ing a great day at Flemington for his especial delectation, interfered with their December arrangements; the tryst had to be put off, and the stewards decided on the 6th and 7th of February as the most appropriate and con venient dates for it to take place. I thought st the time that this decision was arrived at, and I think now, that had the stewards postponed their gathering until after the Autumn Meeting of the V.R.C, say the last week in March, they would have been more certain of large entries and a greater at tendance, as many of our racing men aud hortea weic to be engaged at the t«ro champion meetings in the south and north of Tasmania during the time fixed. However as it is, the different events hare not filled so badly, but with a very different class of animals to what we had the pleasure of see ing contend in such excellent racing as we had last year. I hare not heard whether anything has been yet done to extend the racecourse and alter the running. The present track is too confined, and the right-hand way of going is a great in convenience to the owners of horses, as it is the only course of any import ance in the colony eo made, and when the ?different meetings follow one another so closely there is hardly time to change the training of hones to run the opposite way to what they are accustomed to. The club may depend upon it that their right-handed course Ererents many an owner from taking his ones to Bendigo. I have only to refer to the entries recently nude for the Gee long races, to come on on the 5th and 6th of March, which bean most favourable comparison to those entered at their meeting, for quantity as well as for quality, both for the and die steeplechase. There is about the aame amount of money given for the piwwpl handicap* at each place, yet Geelong geta forty-fire entries far twenty-one at Bendigo, whilst the former has received neatly doable the number for their Hurdle Race and Steeplechase. This, no doubt, is not entirely owing to their awkward and confined course, but partly to the inopportune time fixed for the meeting. The handicaps, which made their appearance last week, with one or two exceptions, have been pretty evenly adjusted, apd at this season of the year, after all the hone* have been performing under different weights upon other courses, there ought to be no difficulty in making good ones. The Hurdle £aoe has only fire entries, and the two top weights, lad; Clare and Little King, are from the same stable. From the manner in which the weight has been piled upon Mr. Bailey's short tailed nag, I should imagine the Lilliputian will be kept at home, ana Lady Oboe, who can carry her list, frith ease in such oompany, will go for tbe money. At Ballarat, when these two horses verb in different stables and met in two different events, her ladyship con ceded to. the .King 8Mb. in the first and 2»L in thesecoodbout, yet there were not two lengths betweratbem at.tbefinisbof either; and on New> Year'a. Day. jthere was 17lb. between them, but then .that numfng is no criterion, a# they belonged, to the same party, and Little Ivjng went for the 'takes. The stewards, or whoever else the handioappers may be, hive now tnftde pnly 71b- between tbem; tbe ches zratmare bein g much the better horse at that difference, and she is too fast and good over the sticks for such quality as Elis or Brunette; _ 'Jw&fic; ay 1 imaging! ^Lptd/dare had a stale see, and if she we* realIy!'.gowg oft" " i(n *aob good/fonoasehe throughout the season, Ittr dever party mjty be Hi two string! 0 their bow. ofthe bptting-riiarket, how Wurachmpney attached to fcaW&eetong; In rie w, X 'toriWanfj j#.|Jistsnoe, \- nffminatifrhf. Iff'' ** is ooncemad, faMiriiftm ran at Balls rat in the Cup his chance was entirely put out by his running against a post, and he wm so lame from the accident that he was incapacitated from starting for the Welcome Stakes on the following day. Snip's game performance with Warwick at Castle znaioe shows that he can stay a distance, and his after running and winning at Ballarat the Handicap and vfolcome stakes, where he certainly received 41b. from Tory in eaoh of these races, convinces me he is a much better bone than he has been rated, and that his form at present is Al; travelling a mile and a half, with 7»t., in 2min. 47sec. over the Bal larat course, is a groat performance for him, ard I think had Exilo lived, the raoe would hare been a veiy near thing between them. Moss Rose hails from the Dunolly country, and ber past history has been euch that there is no correct due to go by to get at ber real quality, but I have no great faith in her, and why she should carry more than Jack is not I easily accounted for. Jack is no mean per- i former, and was a great winner last year at j Avoca, Tullaroop, Talbot, Newstead, and Bal larat, whilst MOSB Roes has only one chalk of any consequence to her name-the Moss Rose Challenge Cup at Tullaroop, against a I miserable pair of duffers, Cromwell and Black l-Hawk; I believe she was also a winner at Eddington, but the performance is not worth recording. At Gat. 101b, Mr. Vowles has a real good show for this race, and if he has Jack in tip-top form he will win it. 5st 121b. upon Token ought not to hurt this young giant, but I don't admire his long legs, or tho way in which he spreads them. out ; he may, howerer, be better than he looks, and this race will be a test. Norma is altogether too much of the pony for my money, with any weight; and Monsieur Le Beau, being only a two-year-old, gets his weigbt-for-age, 4st. 91b., which could hardly be lees. I have no opinion of two-year-olds in handicaps like this, but if I had, I do not think the French swell is anything like good enough. For the Bendigo Handicap, one mileatid a half, there are just a dozen entered; one half of them, viz.. Old England, Snip, Woodman, Toryboy, Jack, and Token, being in the former race. They all carry an ad ditional 21b., with the exception of Old England who has 51b., and Token 91b. extra. For this distance, if Toryboy be kept for it, I should prefer his chance, and next to him Snip. There is also Rip Tan Winkle, with 6st. 101b., who is not a bad sort at a mile and a hfllf^ although a couple of hundred yards less would suit him better. In the Ballar&t; Han dicap, Rip received 101b. from Snip, and got beaten by half a dozen lengths. In this nee, the same distance, there is only 12lb, between them, therefore Mr. Van is hardly dealt by. 1 suppose it is calculated that the three-year-old should improve a few pounds; but one month will not make up the difference. Ko better test could be had as to the relative merits of Snip and B.A. than the Welcome Handicap at Ballarat, one mile and half! They ran a dead heat at a difference of l7lb., and there are only 12lb. now; B.A., therefore, majas well stop at borne, a* I think he wilL Victoria Las been running so badly this year that her form must be vastly im proved before ahe can have the ghost of a show with 7st. Palladium seems to hare run herself out in the Darling Stakes at the V.R.C. Spring Meeting, for she has shown no galloping since, and unless she has returned to her then form, I am afraid she will be one of the lookers on. AB for thetwo last on the list, Mendicus and Blue Bonnet, they do sot come under the category of nags within my knowledge. There is a better entry for the Steeple chase than the Bendigoniaos have had for years, and a greater number of likely starters. Reindeer beads the poll with the steadier .f list., or 16lb. more than he carried when he ran second to Western on New Year's Day. Ponaon carries 61b. and Echo 121b. extra than they were weighted at for that race. Tom Cat has the nice weight of 9st 71b., bpt it is, as yet, impossible to tell what his capabilities are; he looks all over a weight-carrier, and I think he can go. Fenian is a safe jumper, bat far. too slow for this business j and I hear that Top thorne is considered a good thing with 9<t^ but although rather a taking horse, his per formance at Ballarat last year was no great shakes. Canary is no good even with his light weight, neither is Brunette, and as I said . before, 1 cannot speak of Stanton j such horses will find a difficulty in getting over the Bendigo Steeplechase course, wluch is by no meaiis an easy one. There was somejtalk of the leaps being reduced in height this year, but I bd&re; . nothjtag has -yet; been done, whatever the stewards? in-' t^ntioiis^ may be beforethe day. Rein deer, .with ail his weight, is too. gopd for, this roppany, unless jt be that Tops Cat is aj eecond Babbler, in wLiohcase, wit|i 9*t. 7Uv Reindeer will find hit match- The other entries took place on Tuesday, bat I have not yet seen them. I trust the different events will have a fair quota of horses in each, and that the weather may prove propitious, as the endeavours of theBendigo gentlemento' keepup their meeting to« highatandardde serve every aocoess. -h <r<: <' > 