THE STORY-TELLER. MRS. DODD'S DINNER PARTY. "I tell you, Martin, we must give a dinner party !".. " Fiddlestick ! ;noi sense !" roared 'honest Martini Dodd, taking his mneerschaum out of his mouth and giving the fire -a prodigious poke. "A dinner party . and what .for, I'd like to know?" S"My dear M?[artih,," .remonstrated his wife, putting her hand ostentatiously to her forehead, ".don't, pray, speak so loud. It's such a dreadful habit you've got. And I wish you'd give up that hor rid vulgar pipe, and smoke cigars instead. Now that I'm beginning to get inco society, these little things annoy me so much." " Society be-hanged !" mutteied Mar tin, eyeing his dingy meerchaum with a loving glance. "'But as I was saying," went on Mrs. Dodd, " we must positively entertain a few friends in a quiet way. I am sure *Mrs. St. Cecil expects it of me." " Let her expect! *What are Mrs St. Cecil and her expectations to us, I'd like to know !" " Mr. Dodd! Now,' any one might know from that very question that .you are quite unaccustoined to le bon ton My love, Mrs. St. Cecil is the sweetest and most fashionable creature in Staple ton: The whole place is wild about her diamonds and her dresses and her India showls. And Mr. St. Cecil is the most interesting person I ever met-dark-eyed and melancholy, you know, with a mous tache like black floss silk, and-" "I dare say, my love, I dare say-but if all this is true, I'm quite at a loss to conjecture hat brings these aristocratic people to cill on the wife of a plain shop keeper like myself.' Mrs. Dodd looked down and blushed very prettily. "Why, Martin, Mrs. St. Cecil fancies that I have some little intellectual cul ture; and she says I only need a little polish to be quite a belle, and--" , "Ah, ah, Polly! So she has been flattering my little wife, eh ?" S" I wish you wouldn't call me Polly, Martin-it sounds so countrified! Mrs. *St. Cecil always calls me Marie ?" "My dear," said Martin D)odd, quite gravely, "1 Ifear you have forgotten the good old fable of the iron pot and the * pot of stone. The St. -Cecils are very fine I don't doubt, but we have always been very happy in our own station and circle, and I do not exactly believe in aping the fashionable follies of people so far above us in means and position." Mrs. Dodd burst into tears. "I might have known it, Martin," she sobbed, behind her pocket-handkerchief. " You want me to be a mere drudge all my days-never to have a thought above dusting and darning, and--" *Martin Dodd became as soft- hearted as a child before the sight of those tears he capitulated at once ! " Well, well, dear, I don't mean to hturt your feelings; give forty dinner .parties if you please-I don't object." \- Mrs. Dodd brightened again, like a l- ittle buttercup lifting its burnished head 'after a show'er. '" Yes, but, Martin--- " - " Well, Polly--I would say .Ma-r ie!": .' I must positively have a new::china dinnei-set. Ours is 'nothiig: but irbn stdhe, and dreadfully chipped and brojken besides."- : ' Miartinb whistled dubiously. S" Chiina is" ather an 'expensive toy in t.ese days, pet.:... " YesIT;know; but we really. do need at ] M artin.. ... ..... ....... _. -How much would it cost,?-. -. ". ' I could get.a beautiful' dinner-set of ~rench china for twenty pounds." . c. -:'7" Twntypounimds! My dear wife you fbi-ge'tthat I am a poor man, living .on. a noy no means extravagant incombe.". - ' . But, Martin, this dinner-set will last *all our ives. :' 'Will it I'mnot so certain of that. However, have your own way." , !' "Well, then,", said Mrs. Dodd, joy ouisly, "' Ill fix on Wednesday for. the dinner party, and write the invitationit directly. Are you going, Martin?" * - "Yes-why not ?" S"But you'll leave me a little, money ?" " What for ?" . "Contingent expenses, to be sure. : I must hire a French cook from Martini's, and---- . . "A French cook !" ".Why, of course; what would the. St.i *Cecils think of'Bridget's cooking ?" " If they don't like our cooking they nieeden't come to our dinner," said honest Martin, bluntly. : "And then," continued Mrs. Dodd, "I nust have some jellies, and a pine-apple, and a pair of cream .pyramids, and an 4pergne full of hot-house flowers-Sel wyn has some lovely ones-and I could lhire r'eal cut glass. I only wish our forks were silver." " I wish I was gold," grumbled Mar tin, " and then there'd be some chance 5f paying for all these fol-de-rols." He tossed his porte- monnaie on the Lable and banged the door behind him rather vindictively." :, Mrs. Dodd counted the notes thought fully. S"Not half enough," she murmured, onuting:her pretty lip. " Why will Mar tin be so stingy-and on an occasion like this] too,. when. the.St. Cecils will expect everything to be in first- rate order ? I never mentioned the wines-nor the pair of-men to wait--Mrs. St. Cecil's footuten are so stylish. * Oh, dear, dear ! But, then, Martini will trust me-and the bills can be sent in afterwards. I wonder how many people our dining-room will ac coi.modate ?" ' Sho rose and went into the gloomy little apartment designated • by the lofty title of" dining-room." - "This carpet is too shabby," she ejacu lated, discontendedly. " Worn thread bare-and such a horrid old-fashioned pattern. And Mrs. St. Cecil has nothing but velvet all over her house. I am sure Martin can't know how badly worn this carpet is. I heard him say this room would have to be re-papered in the spring--Ierhaps he would let it be done now. Pink :and gold, with a velvet border and a new carpet, would make ;this room quite- a !different a`ffaii". I think I'11 order it myself, without saying a-word ~to Martin, 3le surely can't object whien he sees what an improvement they will bie-and really, after the St. Cecil's rescoed rooms fnd su?rperb furrd ture--"t: Mrs. Dodd's sentence terminated ini a deep sigh. "Well, my love," said Martin that evening; as he lighted his old friend the meerschaumn, and placed his feet or. the fender, preparatory to a cosy conjugal c?ii:;i" "vhom are you going to ask ?"' SThle Rivers; the St. Ceoils, the Mei tons and the Cardomlels, I think; per haps Mr. Venner and his 'sister. Tha~it will be ust- i dozen." " But Polly- -" " Mr. Dodd !" "Ma-rie, then," corrected the husband, with a grimace; "aren't:you going to ask the Thompson's ?" "Certainly not, my dear." "Are they iot our oldest fr'end., wife ? Thompson stood up with me when we were married, and our baby died in Mrs. Thompson's arms." "I can't help that, dear. What would the St. Cecil's think of Mr. Thompson's atrocious grammar, and Mrs. Thompson's dyed silk dress ?" "Polly," said Mr. Dodd, this time quite reckless of his wife's warning glance. "if the St. Cecils are too fine for our old friends, I think they'd much better keep away. You've been a dif ferent creature since you became acquain ted with that flaunting St. Cecil woman." " Mlfartin !" "I can't help it-I must speak my mind. I don't object to youir having a few people to dinner, although goodness knows my means are straightened enough just now-more so than you have any idea of, wife; but I do object to your filling the house with people that don't care a fig for you, but despise the folly that would imitate their own ridiculous pretensions. There you have my opinion." " You are not in society, Martin," said Mr.s Dodd, with alittle patronizing shrug of her shoulders; "consequently you are no judge of these things." "Society !" r'epeated Mr. Dodd. " If that's what you call society, I don't think I'm sustaining any very great loss." "I have been thinking, dear," said his wife, skilfully diverting the conversation, "that I ought to have a new dress- for this dinner party. That crimson silk of mine is getting very shabby." Martin Dodd shook his head, and set his lips resolutely together. "Impossible, child." "But why impossible ?" "My dear," said the husband, with a look of pain on his face, ." I cannot ex plain to you the financial crisis through which we are passing just at this time. Suffice it to say that my credit is ex tremelyPprecarious, and any extravagence, or even semblance of extravagance, might producel a most disastrous effect. Will my little wife study her husband's wel fare for once ?" "Men always talk so whenever a woman asks for anything," exclaimed Mrs. Dodd, pettishly. " I don't see the rise of living if I can't have what I want. Oh! I wish we were as rich as the St. Cecil's." Martin Dodd did not reply audibly, but in his.secret heart he wished the ~St. Cecils at the bottom of the Baltic Sea! "You'd better take the dress, ma'am; it's a bargain you won't have offered every day in the year." The dapper clerk held up the lustrous avleiider'silk in gleaming folds. Mrs. Dodd eyed it longingly. S"Seven guineas! I really can't afford ::She turned away to the unpretending set of table naplkins she had been exam ining when the gleaming tnimptation first shone across her vision. i" It's cheap at that, ma'am-positively chenp," argued the clerk. Mrs. Dodd looked again. "The woman who hesitates is lost," says the old French proverb, and it proved true in Mrs. Dodd's. case. She looked, hesitated, looked a third time, and. finally ordered the dress, and paid for it in the money that Martin had entrusted to her foi- the diaurthrly: ren;t.:" '" Lean make it up some way before Martin knows," was the salve she applied to her concience; " and the dress will be so sweet for my dinner party i" She had scarcely swept from the shop when a dried-up little old man advanced to the counter. SWas thatwoman the wife of Martin Dodd, in Wayland-street ?" he asked, keenly. "Yes sir," returred the clerk. "Buying seven guinea silk dresses ?" "Oh that's not the only thing she has boughit here lately," returnoed the talka tive young man. " We sold her an elegant Brussels carpet yesterday." "Yes--ahem-yes," thoughtfully re marked the.old man stroking his chin, and mentally adding: "And this is the man who entreats a little inore time. I think I'd better mention it to one or two of the other creditors. It's just as well for people to look to their own interests in season." Wednesday had arrived-the day of Mrs. Dodd's little dinner.party-and not a single "regret" had been sent. The table,; skilfully arranged by Martini's twaiters was resplendent in cut glass, china, arnd fragrant bouquets, while the soft crimsons .and ambers of the new carpet seemed to be reflected iin the pink and gold arabesques of the French wall paper. Mrs. Dodd, looking very fresh and pretty in her new silk dress, had just descended into the parlour as the clock c]himed four. Martin was walking moodily up and down the room. He looked up, with a dark frown on his brow. " Mary - when did you get that dress ?" "Do you like it, dear ?" hesitated Mrs. Dodd, feeling her face flush painfully. "I though I forbade any such expen sive folly !" he ejaculated, sternly" Mrs. Dodd saw that it was no time for a confession. "Don't speak so crossly, Martin," she foltered. "It-it. was a present from Uncle Theodore." "A present, eh? that's quite another thing i" And Mrs. Dodd, feeling inexpressibly miserable and guilty, advanced to a great a coarse, gross-looking woman, in a pink silk dress and a blinding glitter of dia monds-the great Mrs. St. Cecil's self! After all, was Mrs. St. Cecil worth all this 1" The tedious and elaborate dinner was drawing to a close, when ther'e came a vidleat ring at the door-bell, a momentary altercation in the hall, and a sudden rush up tlhe staires. Martin Dod started to his feet, ovorsetting a vase of white japonicas and two champagne bottles, as a sturdy-looking man, accompanied by a policeman, entered, without the perlimi nary ceremony of iknocking. "What is your busines3 here, fellows?" indignantly demanded the host. "Beg pardon, sir; but----" The policeman stepped forward and laid his firm hand on Mr. St. Cecils shrinking shoulder. " Issac Huggins, you are my prisoner!" " There is some mistake here," inter posed MIr. Melton. ".That gentleman is Mr. Roderick St Cecil." "St. Cecil or Huggins, it is all one and 1ihe same," said the man with a sardonic grin, "he's concerned in this 'ere big diamond robbery-we've had our eye on him these three weeks. Come, my fine fellow, your game's "up." " St Cecil, or Huggihs-this being the patronymic to which the gentleman had the best right-shrank away, with face of white, terrified guilt, while his wife burst into loud hysterics. "The woman's mixed up in the affair, too," coolly adde'd the man, "Call up Jenks and Hylas, will you Jem ?" Mrs. Dodd sat, pallid as any ghost, at the head of her gayly- decorated table. Was it for a metropolitan swindriler and the miserable partner of his crimes that she had made all this ridiculous display. The party broke up in confusion-how or when Mrs. Dodd scarcely knew-but the room was empty when she next looked up. Fmpty, with the exception of Martini's sleek waiter who was stand ing respectfully before her, with a folded paper.in his hand. "If you please, ma'amu, the hill. Mrs. Dodd opened it, mechanically. " Five pounds? Impossible James !" "No, ma'am-the items are all there. Flowers- attendance-creams-cut glass and silver----" "There, there-I will see to it to morrow," she gasped. "Where-where is Mr. Dodd ?" Where indeed ? It was late at night when Martin Dodd returned, pale and ghastly. "What is the mattei ?" asked Mary, reading the voiceless horror in his face. "Nothing," he returned, in a strange, husky voice, "except that I am ruined. " Ruined Martin ? "Ruined-and by my wife's extrava gance! Mary, my creditors, have heard of your purchase at Reinard's, and natu rally concluding that I meant to delude them by false pofessions of poverty, have come to extriemities. My last chance is gone. Oh, Mary, it is hard to struggle as I have struggled, and in vain !': He bowed his head upon his hands with a low sob. Mrs. Dodd threw herself at his feet. "Martin, I have learned a lesson to day-a bitter but a salutary lesson. Oh, my husband, let us begin the woild again. I care not if I live on a crust a day, if I have but your approval. I have beena a vain, mad fool-now I peretive the folly of my blind infatuation. ]Martin, can you forgive me ?" And Martin Dodd, looking down on his wife's face, saw a sunbeam of hope and promise through all the darkness of that hour of trial! 