PUNCH TO THE PEOPLE OP NEW SOUTH WALES. After a year more than ordinarily fruitful of sorrow, of distress, and social suffering, the sweet and holy festival, which is the great reconciler, and which year by year proclaims a season of pardon for all wrongdoers, is with us again. Mr. Punch cannot help looking back upon all we have gone through, but to-day he will look away from those who have succeeded in doing much mischief. Above all will his face be turned from that place where slander of our intelligence, and libel of our character, have been triumphant — where the worst of lessons are taught our youth in the worst of words — where all that is gentle is powerless, and all that is ruffianly is seemingly omnipo tent. .He will reverence Christmas by dismissing the Legislative Assembly from his thoughts. Begone, Ministers ! To your homes members of the Opposition ! And thou, mightiest of all partisans, oh ghost of buried Fenian, who will assuredly not be forthcoming at the general resurrection, disappear ! and let us pass the last calm days of the dying year unvexed by the noise and tumult of those saddening politics, which make life so weary, and almost kill hope. Mr. Punch has much to congratulate himself upon in his retrospect. He has fought through the year that is nearly done the good fight of reason against passion, of truth against brutal injustice. He has pierced with the keen steel of humour the black hearts that nourished vengeance — he has mounted guard over the citadel of religious liberty when the guardians slept, and the enemy was at the gates. He kept his head when some solemn men lost theirs ; — and he knows that there are thousands of all creeds, and opinions, and tastes in the country who know this. It was a strange mission for an organ of kindly humour to undertake the calming down of a tempest before the fury of which all reason, thought, and spirit of fair play bent like a reed beneath the blast. But Mr. Punch, now in this holy- time of peace, and love, and sweet memories, associations which purify, and recollections which tend to sanctify life, caD humbly ask this society in which he has lived, whether he, the jester, has not used his bauble for a sceptre, and played the king ? Whether he, the troubadour, has not sung only, but fought like the knight ? The work to be done was no holiday work. It was to chase away the gathering gloom ou the faces and about the hearts of thousands ; it was to transform fellows who wished to be assassins of our peace into melodramatic humbugs ; it was to distract the minds of those who brooded over schemes of vengeance by pictures of overpowering and yet merciful ridicule. It was the work of the man who laughs among savages, while at any instant the club may fall upon his skull. To-day every journal in the colony is assisting in this great and noble work, but for months (with one heroic exception, Mr. Punch's independent and brilliant contemporary the Empire,) Mr. P. stood, and dared, and fought, and conquered alone. Confidently, then, Mr, Punch appeals to the people of this country for encouragement and support. There are hundreds — people of influence, of malignity, of dark and dangerous ignorance, who would be grateful for Mr. Punch's humiliation, and go into eestaeies of joy over his grave. The base, the cowardly, the uncultivated in lofty station, all these, infinitely more worthy to be described as the 'dangerous classes' than thieves and vagrants (for the former are the pickpockets of a nation, and the swindlers of the public treasury,) — all these would look upon Mr. Punch's fall as sweeter than life. These people have a direct interest in poisoning the watchdog of public security, — in luring the policeman of public confidence off his beat,! — in preventing the gentle, and the modest, and the patient from having one strong arm raised in their behalf. Shall it be so, people of New South Wales ? Mr. Punch may be pardoned, therefore, for saying, that his joy at the great and holy time which is come, is a part of the joy of this young nation— that while we are all at peace, as we should be, he has had semething to do with preserving it, since he has preached so well and so successfully, how heavier a blow is that of wit, well aimed at a delinquent, than bludgeon or steel can inflict ! Happy, thankful, well himself, he wishes to all a MERRY CHRISTMAS AND A HAPPY NEW YEAR. f Toby. — P. P. f Pleesman X. — P. P. 