Towa Talk aud Table Chat. The Goublay Family — The Giieat Indian Basket Feat at the Theatre Boyal.— Mr. and Mrs. Gourlay, with Little Johnny, Mr. W. Gourlay, Miss Susan Goddard, Master C. Gourlay, Miss Minnie Gourlay, and Messrs. W, H. and A. F. Sjpiller will appear at the Theatre Hoyal to morrow evening. Yesterday evening they appeared at the Town Hall, in the new Gourlay Entertainment— 'The fiose and the Thistle.' Mr. A. F. SpiUer, the Champion Holler Skater, will give his extraordinary performance on the Ameri can Holler Skates, and a great event at the Theatre Royal to-morrow night will be the presentation of a silver mounted whip to the rider of the winner of the Champion race. The magical Indian Basket feat, which is performed so cleverly by Master Johnny and Miss Minnie Gouriay, is one of the most un accountable feats ever introduced from India. Some ten or twelve years ago, when a description of this feat was pub lished, very few believed that it bad ever been actually performed. It was con sidered ' a very good yarn for the Marines but the Sailors wouldn't believe it.' It reaches the acm6 of the sensational. A small wicker basket is brought on the stage, and Miss Minnie squeezes herself into it. There is no apparent means of escape, and yet Johnny goes up, quorrels with the child, and plunges a long sword through and through the basket his sister has just entered. Her cries for help are heard, the sword is stained with blood, and the fair denizens of the dress circle are urging some one to run for the Police, when Miss Minnie (all uninjured, bounds smilingly on the stage, from one of the wings.) it is wrong to thus rob the teat of its novelty, but it is terrible enough even to those who have seen it repeatedly performed. The audience should, thowever, do what judges re commend jurors to do, banish from their minds all ihat they have heard of the case, except what they see and hear in Court,-on this occasion — the Theatre. Stabbing and Brutal Assault.— On Saturday night last, three men, the leader of them being Jack Williams, alias ' Curly Jack,' called at a cottage near Westbury, occupied by an elderly man, named James Davis, and his wife. They brought some beer, and wauted to stop carousing ail night, but Davis refused to permit this, and insisted upon them clearing out and leaving the premises. They determined to remain, and ' Curly Jack' violently attacked Davis, and gave him a dreadful cut across the nose, which nearly severed a portion of it and the upper lip. Not satisfied with that, 'Curly Jack' knocked the unfortunate man dowu , trampled on him, and kicked him in a most unmerciful manner. He also attacked Davis's wife, and cut off her pocket with a knife, in the expectation of finding money in it. The other men became alarmed at the ferocity of ' Curly Jack,' and told him if he did not desist they would inform against him. They then left, and Mrs Davis forwarded informa tion to the Westbury Police. Active steps were taken on Sunday to apprehend the offenders, especially ' Curly Jack,' but he was not secured until Monday, when Superintendent Mahoucy apprehended him on the road . to Deloraine, brought him back to Wobtbury, and had him re manded to Friday next After the brutal assault Dr. M'Creery was sent for, and he stitched up the frightful wound across Davis'a nose and upper lip. lie is in the service of Mr George Scott, and resides in a cottage on Mr Scott's property, nearly opposite Mr Nixon's. Theatee Royal.— The talented mem bers of the X.Y.Z. Club gave a brilliant amateur entertainment yesterday eveniug, in aid of local charitable institutions. The dress circle was. as usual on such occa sions, crowded with the elite -the youth and beauty of Launccston, and its vicinity, and all parts of the Theatre were filled. The popular comedietta— ' The Artful Dodge,' formed the first course, and between that and the arrival of ' The Illustrious Stranger,' in that extravaganza, the Meisrs. Alexander Brothers, of the Polytechnic Institute, London, exhibited for the first time here, to the view of the awe struck audience, Profeaor Pepper's ' Ghost Illusion. ' The band of the X.Y.Z. Club occupied the orchestra, and performed the overtures and incidental music in a masterly style. The porformanco will be repeated this evening. New Portraits, New Music, ajtd New Annuals.— Messrs. Waloh Bro thers and Birohall have oa sale very correct Album portraits and engravings of aR.H. the Duke of Edinburgh; album portraits of the Hon. Elliot Yorke. Lord Newry, and Lieut. Haig; tho Hanover Sqnare, and Bond-street maga zines of popular muBic.and a great varie'y of Christmas Annuals, including ' No Thoroughfare,' by Charles Dickens, and Wilkie CollinB ; London Punch's and Melbourne Punch's AlraauacB, aud 'Tho Fireflash.' Reported Bobglauy.— Tho premises of Mr Stewart, baker, at tho corner of Eliza beth and Wellington-streets, were bur glariously entered about 1 o'clock on Sunday morning, during the abseuce of Mr Stewart. It is reported that the wicket-gato was pushed open, and the window of Mr Stewart's bed-room raised. Mrs Stewart, who was in bed, was rolled up in the bedclothes, and the thieves threatened to ?'butcher' Lor if she made the least noise. She was lifted out of bed ; the bed wan turned over, and the sum of £47 was taken out of a collar-box which she had concealed under the mattress. A watch, hanging at tho head of the bed, was not taken by the thieves. T/fE BoHEstJAN Glass Blowebs. — In consequence of the Hall of tho Mechanics' Institute being occupied by the Church Union Meeting on Monday evening, large numbers of visitors, many from the country, who wished to see the in structive, interesting, and very wonder ful entertainment of Mr. Woodroffe'a glassblowers were disappointed. Yester day evening there was a large attendance, ana numerous, rare, elegant, and valu able presents were distributed ; amongst them a splendid pair of love scales, nicely balanced, with household pets and deities. This evening the last enter tainment but one will be given, and numerous other prizes will be distributed. Deloeaine — The assessment roll for the municipality of Deloraine is published in yesterday's Gazette, and the Court of Appeal will be held on the 7th of March. Notices of Appeal must be given to the Council clerk at least four days previous to the day for holding the Court. Serious Accident— On Monday morn ing the mate of the barque Fugitive, was superintending the lowering of a, wool screw into the hold, when it slipped from the men and struck his right arm, break ing it above the wrist. Dr. Miller was in attendance in a few minutes and promptly set the broken limb. Cnrmcn Union Meeting— The twenty second meeting of the Launceaton Church Union was held in the Mechanici's Insti tute, on Monday evening, His Lordship the Bishop of Tasmania in the chair. The Rev. W, A. Brooke presided at the organ and accompanied the choir when uinging from ' hymns ancient and modern.' The Rev. A. Barkway delivered an interesting lecture on ' Free and Open Churches,' and the arguments were afterwards freely discussed in conversazione. 