NEW SOUTH WALES. 1 Sydney, Wednesday. Mr Parkes' want of confidence motion was negatived by 29 to 25.. The Government candidate for the chairmanship of committees was also elected by a majority of five. Stkange, if True. — A young girl, who gives the name of Elizabeth Hanuah, and who says she belongs to Rutherglen, was taken in charge by the Wangaratta police on Tuesday evening. The cir cumstances are as . follows : — The girl had called at the house of B|r Pinniger, surveyor, and asked for sqmp refreshment. On it being given to heir she, instantly fell back on a chair in a s^tate qf ex haustion. On repovsring partially she said she had been in .the bush without sustenance fqr four days ; she also said that she had been a servant with a Mr Baker, a hotel keeper at Rutherglen, but left her service, ..as^ her; parents were divided in opinion about her stopping at a public house, Dr McAIulhn is attend ing on her, and she will b,e brought up at the Police Court thig dajT. We do not say she is, but if she be a young girl with whom we have had some acquaint ance, she is a very clever impostorl Amateur Concert at Rutherglen. — On Friday evening last a concert and amateur theatrical performance was given at the .Town Hall, Rutherglen, in aid of the funds of the Common School. The spacious hall was well filled. The first part of the performance consisted of vocal music and reading. Miss M'llrath sang several songs in her usually pleasing manner, and introduced to the Ruther glen people tho song, ' There's a letter in the candle,' in an exceedingly charming manner. Indeed tho more ono hears this young lady sing, the more pleased they become, aud greatly they wish to hear her again. Among the gentlemen we may especially notice Captain Pierce, U.S.N., and Mr Solwyn, the former of whom sang several songs, among which was 'Joe Bowers,' in a stylo that immediately recalled to the audience the original ' Joe Bowers, jovial Johnson.' Mr Pierce really did convulse the audience, and the screaming and laughter among the juvenile portion was something Piercciiu/. Ha was also very successful in the 'Ghost Scene,' and made some of the audience ill with laughter. This - was followed by. some really good ventriloquism by the same gen tleman in fact he. is the modern 'admirable Crichton ;' there saerns to be nothing he cannot do. Mr Selwyn recited 'The Execution of Moutrose,' in a manner that pleased the audience completely. Mr H. McKay sang several times with good effect. The farce of ' The. kisb in the dark,' brought the evening's enter.-' tainment to a close. AH the' performers played very well, in fact it was 'under the able superintendence of/' Mr Selwyn, the, ver}' best dona in Rutherglen. -Mrs McKay presided at the pianoforte with her usual skill, and a' most enjoyable evening was spent. We believe it is the intention of the Rutherglen people to give a regular ten horse-power entertainment, for the benefit of . Captain Pierce, and that .? gentleman does deserve if; as he is always ready and willing to, assist iu the most popular amusements, and is really talented, aud especially fit to take the heaviest portion of these performances on his own shoulders, and deserves some return for the loss of tiine, and the skill he has displayed in scene painting, sjngiug, and acting. Ho is about to commence painting a set of scenes for the Rutherglen people, and some painted by him in Corowa show ample talent in that direction. The Kerry Eagle Reek— This reef, situated near Rocky Point, is bent on keeping up its reputation. It is only eight weeks since their last, crushing, and now they have had another of 65 J tons, which produced 75 ozs. of gold, I which was lodged yesterday in the Oriental Bank, Beechworth. The Escort. — The amount of gold soht down from this district for the month of November was 15,037 ozs., 1-1 clwts. 6 grs. - . . '. '. \ . Accident whilst Bathing. — A_ man named Kelly, engaged at Mr Ward's brewery, when bathing in the Ovens River on Tuesday, dislocated his shoulder whilst swimming. Dr McMullin attended, and put it right again. The New Rush at Spring Creek. — One of the compositors employed in our office received a letter on Monday last from a relative at the Spring Greek rush, near Rushworth, giving a very favorable account of this new diggings. He writes as follows : — 'Dear G — — — , I left the Whipstick diggings about a month ago, and came here to the new rush at Spring Creek. I was rather unlucky at the Whipstick, but fortune has smiled upon me here, and I am doing very well, getting as much as five and six ounces of gold to the load. There are, I should suppose, somewhere about 8000 or 9000 people on the diggings at the present time, and they keep coming in largo numbers every day. Some of the miners are getting four, five, and six ounces to the load, and some are getting nothing ; but altogether, I think this promises to be a good diggings.' .. Our Christmas Issue.- — For many reasons, it has been determined to publish this journal to-morrow instead of our usual issue on Saturday. ? It will, we believe, accommodate the public equally well, if not better, and it will give every one employed in this office what they have not had for many a year — a holiday pn Christmas Day. .Persons desirous of advertising on -Friday .will therefore be good enough to forward their orders before ten o'clock to-night (Thursday), and our correspondents will of course make, their arrangements according to ours, as far as they possibly can. Testimonial to Judge ' Cope '.— We are not in' favor of giving indiscriminate testimonials, but if ever any man de served a testimonial from the Ovens it is His Honor Judge Cope, on leaving a district with which he has so thoroughly identified himself, that when he is gone we shall still think he belongs to us. Ifc will ill become us to allow the departure of His Honor without some recognition and substantial acknowledgment of all the interest he has taken, and all he has done for the social and material advancement of the district. No move ment of importance to the Ovens can be mentioned in which His Honor did. not take a prominent part. . The Good Hope, El Dorado.- — This claim is now certain to go rapidly ahead. Boring apparatus has been purchased and is now -on the road, so that we may expect active operations to commence with the new year. ? : Lost. — A poor fellow while enjoying himself a little too freely the other day in Beechworth, lost the license for his race, receipt, and other papers, of value to him, and not of the slightest value to any one else. It is to be hoped that whoever found them will leave them with Mr Scarlett, who will see that they are returned to the owner. Cricket. — At a meeting of the Com mittee of the Beechwoi'th Cricket Club, held at Mr. Dreyer's yesterday, final arrangements were made for the Boxing Dav match, eleven ' against twenty- two, and the New Year's Day' match, with Yackandandah. The following are the Boxing Day eleven :— Gammon,' Tidy man, M. O'Dwyer, T.- O'Dwyer, Clarke, H. Stephen, Searle, Mortimer, Billson, White, and Webster. Emergency men : Brett and Ryan. The Twenty- two will bo chosen by Mr Bowman on the ground. The team chosen to play Yackandandah on New Year's Day, on the Beechworth ground, is as follows :— C. Reid, Gammon, C. Tidyman, M. O'Dwyer, T. O'Dwyer, Strugnell, Hickling, Billson, White, Stanley, and . Mo.ss. Emergency men : Stephen, Searle, and Mortimer. For the match against Stanley, to be played at Tadinor, on the 2nd January, ? Billson and Searle were deputed to pick a team. Some accounts were passed for payment, and the Secretary was authorised to obtain some new material. ?The El Dorado. — Our advice to the El Dorado people to avoid violence, and not in any way take the law into their own hands, wonld scarcely have reached them when they deliberately set the law at defiance. On Tuesday, some men connected with some of the claims went to the shaft being sunk ' by Reid on ground outside the ground applied for by the Wellington Co., but, it is asserted, within that held under miners' rights, and filled it up to the surface, although it was down, we believe, 60 or; 70 feet. A great number of -those men will be summoned to-day for Monday, and Mr Raecke, of Beech worth, who was present, although not an active party, amongst them. It would not 'be pleasant to see a Beechworth Borough councillor an aspirant for the mayoralty^ and a pros pective Justice of the Peace, sent to jail for a month. ? ; ?:???? .~^/-ii.r::- ? Boxing Night- at ,._ BEECHwpRTH.r Amongst the entertainment,. provided for us during the holidays, iiot the. least, is that offered to us on Boxing. night at' St. George's Hall.: We alli.Temember how Miss Mclllrath took; us! .by.- storm in Beechworth, nor do. we forget; the un obtrusive manners and effective readings and recitations ;of Mr Charles Selwyn. Miss Mclllrath and Mr -Selwyn, kindly assisted by Mrs Lay, and Messrs H. Stanley and H. Stephen purpose giving an entertainment at. 'Beech worth on the evening named, and will,- we -have no doubt, finish the day. as jt has never been finished in Beeohworth before. We are informed that ' AJKiss in theDark' is not only : the sweetest, thing known, but that it tickles one' so as. to leave sleep out of the ;? question for some hours after it from, very laughter. Then there is such a funny local song by Mr. Stanley, anent- the prowess, of our .German rifle shooting, charger prancing brethren, who will all no doubt be there to applaud it good naturedly, and tbere will be that best of farces, Box and Cox, with the' fiuest woman of the age in Mrs Bouncer's' petticoats. It was a. ' happy thought ' which iuduced these' ladies and gentle men to appear in. Beechworth 'on1! Boxing night. Seats .can be. secured I buforeband, and we would strongly ad- I vise those who wish to secure good places to be in time, aa- we- will venture to foretell a ' rush,' t ? ;;. .- ? 