THE MEDIUMS AT FAULT; OR, THE ' SIGN OF THE CROSS. I had returned from a short visit to friends in Illinois: It was the winter of '60, and within a few days of Christmas time. As I walked to wards piy home, ia the eastern portion of the city, my attention more than once was stayed by the. large red characters on no very small posters, stating that the D ? Brothers were here ; would display most wonderful phenomena that very evening ; would, among other, things, explainthe secret of writing on the walls of Bel ahazzar's palace, the raising to life of Lazarus, and, more wonderful still, How .Ulinst Mimseit arose from the tomb. I must be there, T said instinctively ; must aee for myself, and investigate. 1 had read not a little about table turning, spirit communica tion, and the like ; would it not be another chapter^ somewhat more interestingly written, perhaps— to witness what they promised to dis play ? My mind was made up ; go I would. I entered the darkened room ; the circle was formed ? stooping 1 whispered in the ear of him who was nearest me : 'Friend I have an experiment to make, and in order 'to try the point I wish to try, I cannot join hands. Be kind enough to join with your next neighbour, leaving me out.' ' Agtecd,' said my companion. The lights are out — darkness there and noth ing more. Stop, there is something more ; aye, very uWch more, music ! A guitai is coursing ®ver our heads, and giving strange music— very strange ! Less time than it takes to read the three or four lines here describing the event, did this music continue. I, in the meantime was reasoning thus : either these are real mediums, and the power they evoke more than natural, or they are not, and it is only apparent, not real. _ Again,' if the power be more than natural, it is an evil power, for the simple reason that good powers, when they act, act because of a reason able end, one, too, commensurate with the ?feW.ts rained or to be effected. Now the grati fication of a mere idle and morbid curiosity is not such an end, and henee the power, if preter natural, is evil as well. So I reasoned. What was my quick concln lion ? To make upon myself, devoutly, the sign «{ our redemption — the sign of the cross. I did ,»o saying to myself, if evil be here, what I do wi'll be in place ; if not, what 1 do can be of no ftarm. I had scarcely finished the formation of the holy signJ on my forehead and breast, when a audden° crash and scream were heard. The alcohol lamp gave, as suddenly a vague light, ami fchft instrument of music, a guitar, was soon liscovercd resting on the head of a party occupy ing the centre of the group, having just descen Iedupon.it with anything but moderate force. Ihe mediums are on their feet, raising with sbeinselves the chairs to which they were fastened. They declare, in troubled tones, that lomebcd/kas broken the circle ; that they will aot proceed if this be repeated, that it would be dangerous, &e.; The stance having been interrupted I was itmted to 'an interview with the manager. 'Tell me, if you please,' he commenced, ' why you would not join hands ?' 'Though riot precisely a Yankee,' I returned |he was a, genuine specimen of that type,) 'I take the privilege of answering your question by asking a little one of my own— ouo, doubtless, you will easily answer: Why could not your mediums go on while I remained ?' He eifcaiir could not or would not answer, but limply dodged the question. 1 shall liot carry my kind reader who has fol lowed me So far, thiough the conversation Df an kouv and a half which ensued, but will tell him that to an 'hour and-a- half's more absurd talk— for pure talk it was— I have never listened. In a moral point of view, he admitted that stealing and similar sins were mere necessities, that our Saviour was a gieat impostor, and other Buch Ike horrible blasphemies. ' Mr. -- u_' said 1 retiring, ' has it ever hap jen«l to yon, during your seven years of exhibi tions with your mediums, that such a person as a Catholic priest was present, completely foiling ty his very presence your every attempt to raise toe ghosts'?' . Ho hesitated, and changed the subject by ask »g again, why L would not join hands. 'Ask,' said I, 'your mediums ; they pretend ?*o see iu the dark ! If they really ca», they saw what will explain to them, if they seek a little farther information, the im potency, under cer tain ciruu instances, of their efforts to call from fell to earth those who, from your ovrn confes ?ion and actions, love darkness.' Reader, i have only given the facts. I attempt ty draw no .conclusion's, save such, us may urge MJeinBt'lves^on the mind of each irorn a perusal of ''hat is here presented. With regard to their »eeuraey, I could as readily take an oath, to ?very particle of the substance or this brief uar r*tivc, a.s 1 could at thia moment of writing, with God's aid, form upon myself the saving and all-powerful sign of the orosa. —Boston Pilot, 