THE LATE MISS JfOLLlNGFORB. FROM ALL TIIK VICAR ROUND. chapter i. A dear old lady tolls us thi3 story in the late autumn evenings. Now the harvest is in, huge haycocks shelter the gable, the honey is strained and put by in jars, the apples are ripened and stored ; the logs begin to sputter and sing in the big parlour at evening, hot cakes to steam on the tea-table, and tiie pleasant lamp- lit hours to spread themselves. Indoor things begin to have meaning looks of their own, our limbs grow quiet, and our brains begin to work. The tnoors bc-yond the window take strange expressions in tiie twilight, and fold mysteries into their hollows with the shadows of the night. The maids in the kitchen sing wild ballads to One another round the ingle; and when one of us young folks threads the rambling passages above to fetch a stray thimble from one of the lavender scented bedrooms, she c ones back fly ing down tho great hollow staircase as if a troop of ghosts were at her heels. It is the time to enjoy n story, a true story, the story of a real life ; and here it is as our dear old lady is telling it to us. When I first learned, my children, that I was the ward of tny mot' er's early friend, Mrs Holiingford, and was to live under her roof aftcr my departure from school, I little thought that a place like Hillsbro' Farm was ever likely to be my home. I was a conceited young person, and fond of giving myself airs. My father was colonel of his regiment, and I thought I had a right to look down on Lydia Drown, wlmse father was in business, though she worn velvet three inches dec-p upon her frocks, while mine had no better trimming than worsted braid. I had spent all my life at school, from the day when my father and mother kissed me for the last time in Miss Sweetman's parlour. I remember yet my pretty mother's pale tearful 'face as she looked back at me through the carriage window, and ray own paroxysm of despairing tears on the mat when the door was shut. After that I had a pleasant enough li'e of it. I was a favourite at school, having a disposition to make myself and others as happy as I could. I required a good deal of snubbing, but when properly kept dawn I believe I was not a disagreeable giil. My Indian letters generally contained some bit of news to amuse or interest my companions, and now and again captain, or ensign somebody, home upon sick leave, called and presented him self in Miss Sweet man's parlour, with curious presents for me, my mistresses, or favourite companions. I remember well the day when Major Guthrie arrived with the box of stuffed birds. Miss Kitty . Sweotman, our youngest and best-loved mistress, was sent on before me to speak civilly to tho gentleman in the parlour, i and announce my coming. Miss Kitty was the j drudge of the school, tho sweetest drudge in the world. She was not so well informed as' her elder sisters, and had to make up in the quantity of her teaching what it lacked in the quality. She was fagged, and hunted, and ' worried from morning till night by all tho small girls in the school. She would have been i merry- if she had had time, ami she was witty j whenever she could get the chance of being ' anything hut a machine ; but she was not always happy, for I slept in her room, and I Bometimes heard her crying in the night. As I remember her first she was young and pretty, but as timo went on sho grew a little faded, and a little harassed looking; though I still : thought her. sweet enough for anything. AVi-11, Miss Kitty went down to the major, and I, fol lowing close upon her heels, heard a little scream as I paused at the parlour door, and there when I went in was a bronzed-looking gentleman holding Miss Kitty's two hands in bis, and looking in her face. And I could not carG about the birds for thinking of it, and when we went up to bed Miss Kitty told me that Major Guthrie was an old friend of her j family, and that he had said he would call again. And surely enough lie did call again ; j and then it happened >/ that the three Miss i Sweetmans were invited out to an evening party — a great event for them. I thought there I Was something very particular about it, and so I took care to dress Kitty' with my own hands. Sho had a plain white dress, and I insisted on lending her my blue sash and coral necklace ; j and when she was dressed she put her finger in ber mouth, and asked, between laughing and crying, whether I could further accommodate her with a coral and bells. She looked as young as anybody, though sho would make fun of her self. And when she came in that night, and saw my open eyes waiting for her, she sat down on my bed and began to cry, and told me that Major Guthrio had asked her to marry him, and she was going to India as his wife. Then I beard tho whole story ; how he had loved her dearly long ago ; how her friends had re fused him because he was too poor, and she was too young ; how after he had gone off in a passion reverses had come upon them, and ber sisters had been obliged to open a school. And so Miss Kitty went out to India, and the only thing that comforted mo for her loss was the fact that she took with her the embroidered handkerchief for my mother, and the wrought cigar-case for my father, which it had taken my idleness a whole year to produce. Ah, me ! and my eyes never beheld either of these three again ; friend, father, nor mother. My first recollections of Mrs Holiingford. are associated with plum-cake, birthdays, and bon bons. I remember her — an erect, dignified-look ing lady in a long velvet cloak, and with a peculiarly venerable face, half severe, half bene volent. I used to feel a little nervous about speaking to her, but I liked to sit at a distance and look at her. I had a superstition that she was the most powerful universal agent in exist ence ; that she had only to say " Let there be plum-cake," and immediately it would appear on the table ; or, " This little girl requires a new doll,'1 and at once a waxen cherub would repose in my arms. Tho Miss Sweetmans paid her the greatest deference, and tho girls used to peep over the blinds in the schoolroom at her handsome carriage and powdered servants. I remember, when a little girl, presenting myself before Miss Sweetmau one day, and popping up my hand as a sign that I wanted to ask a question. " What is the reason, Miss Sweetmau," I asked, " that Mrs Holiingford makes me think of the valiant woman of whom we were reading in the Bible yesterday ? " But Miss Sweetman was busy, and only puckered up her mouth and ordered me back to my seat. Mrs Holiingford used to tuke mo on her knee and tell me of a little girl of bers who was at school in France, and with whom I wa3 one day to be acquainted ; and a tall lad, who was her son, used to call some times with bouquets for Miss Sweetman, or sugar-piums for me ; but I was never in her bouse, which I believe to be a palace, nor did I ever see Mr Holiingford, who was a Linker in the City.., After my twelfth birthday I saw them no more. I missed the periodical appear ance of the noble face in the parlour, lisi Sweetman, with a very long face, told me some thing of the breaking of a hank, ruin, and poverty. -I was very sorry hut I was too young to realise it much ; and I went on thinking of Mrs Holiingford, in 'trouble, no doubt, and un fortunately removed from me, but still gcing about i in the world in her long velvet cloak and with j her hands full of plum-cake. J So my youth went on till I was sixteen, pretty i well grown for my years, a little pert, a little ! proud, a little fond of tinsels and butterflies, a ; little ton apt to make fun of my neighbours, and i to believe that the sun had got a special commis sion to shine upon me, but withal sympathetic and soft hearted enough when in my tight s- nsc-s, and, as I said before, not a ha 1 sort of girl when properly kept down by a judicious system j of snubbing. I had already begun to count the j months to the hapry time, two years hence, j when, my education bting finished, I should at lest re-join my parents in Tndia ; and I was fond of describing all the beautiful things I would send as presents to the friends who had been kind to me in England. And then one fearful day came the. black letter hearing the terrible news which bowed my head iit the dust, scatter ed ni\ girlish vanities, ami altered all my fate for life. Every one in the house learned the news before me. I saw blank faces all around, and could only guess the cause, so careful were they to break' it to me gradually. For two dreadful days they kept me on the rack of sus pense, while I did not know whether it was my father or mother who was dead, or whether both wore ill, or only one. But I learned all soon c-nough. There had been a fever, and both j were dead. I was an orphan, quite alone in the i world. For throe years after this I remained j with tho Miss Sweetmans, during which time I ; had regained much of my eld cheerfulness, and I also some degree of my natural pride and impcr- I tinence. My father ami mother had been to me ! a memory and a hope; now: they were a memory ! only. After my first grief and sense of desobtr I tion had passed, I went on with the routine of I my days much as h'-fore. I did not miss my j father and mother every hour as though I had ! lived under their roof . and been familiar with i their faces and caresses. But tho bright expect.- j alien of my youth was extinguished, and I suf- j fi-red secretly a great yearning for the love which | I had now no right to claim from any one. The time was fast approaching when I must take my ! school-books down from Miss Sweetman's shelves, j pack up my trunks and go forth among strangers. ; I had some properly, more than enough for my j needs, and I was to dwell under the roof of my | guardian, -Mrs Il-dlingford. In the meantime, I paid several visits to tho home of a wealthy i schoolfellow, who had entered upon fashionable iife, and who was eager to give me a taste of its delights before I yielded myself to tho fate that was in store for me. I learned to dress with taste, to wear my hair in the newest style, and to waltz to perfection. But I could not go on paying visits for ever, and the time arrived when I found it necessary to turn my hack on lively scenes and prepare for the obscurity of Hillsbro'. This was a remote place in the north country, from whence were dated all theTeiters addressed by Mr3 Holiingford to me since the time when she had become my guardian. I did not go to Ilillsbro' Farm in any unfair state of ignorance as to the present worldly posi tion of its owners. Grace Tyrrell (my school fellow) was careful to let mh know the depth of the degradation to which these friends of an old time had fallen from their once high estate ; also to make me aware of the estimation in which they were held by tiie people of her world. Tiie idea of my going to Ilillsbro' was ridiculed till I got angrv, hut not ashamed. "Those poor Ilolling- fords !" said one lady. " I am sure it is very kind of you, Miss Dacre, to pay tiiem a visit; but live with them, my dear ! — you could not think of identifying yourself with such people. Are j'ou aware that the father ruined numbers of people, absconded with a pocket full of money, and never was heard of since ?" " Yes," said I ; " hut I have nothing' to do with Mr Moiling- fcnl. And I dare say if his wife had taken ill- gotten ric' es down to Ilillsbro' with her, the police would have followed her before this ; for sho gives her address quite openly." I afterwards heard this lady telling Grace that her friend was a very pert young woman. I did not mind, for, through fighting Airs Holling- ford's battles, I had come to think that I loved her memory, and I tried to do so for my mother's sake. " It is not at all necessary to live with a guardian," said Grace. " They say Mrs Holiing ford makes butter and sells it ; and Frederick says the son is a mere ploughman. lie is Mr Hill's agent; Frederick met him by chance, quite lately, when lie was shooting at Ilillsbro'." " Agent, is he ?" said I, mischievously. " Then I should think lie must at least know how to rend and write. Come, that is not so had !" " You will get the worst of it, Grace," said Frederick Tyrrell, who was listening. "Lucky fellow, Holiingford, to have such a champion !" So here I had better explain to you, my dears, that Captain Tyrrell was, even at this time, what old-fashioned people used to call a great beau ol mine ; that he was fond of dangling about my skirts and picking up my fan. Nothing more on this subject is necessary here. If you desire to know what ho is like, I refer you to an old water- coloured sketch of a weak-faced, washed-out looking young man, with handsome features, and a high-collared coat, which you will find in an old portfolio upstairs, on the top shelf of the ward robe, in the lumber room. It was done by Grace's own hand, a portrait of her brother, and present ed to me in those days. It has lain in that port- ! folio ever since. Though I fought for the Ilollingfords, and would hear no word against them, I do confess that I suffered much fear as to how I should manage to accommodate myself to the life which I might find awaiting meat Hillsbro' Farm. That idea of the butter making, for instance, suggested a new train of reflections. The image of Mrs Holiingford began to divest itself gradually of the long velvet cloak and majestic mein which it had always worn in my mind, and I speculated as to whether I might not be expected to dine in a kitchen with the fartn-servants, and to assist with the milking of the cows. But I contrived to keep my doubts to myself, and went on packing my trunks with a grudging conviction that at least I was doing my duty. And it is here, just when my packing was half done, that the strange, beautiful face of Rachel Leonard risc3 up to take its place in my history. I was introduced to her by chance ; I did not know her story, nor that she had a story, nor yet that she was connected with any people whose intimate acquaintance I was likely to make in the future. We met at a small musical party, where we had opportunities for conversation. She wore a white Indian muslin, with a bunch of scarlet flowers in the bosom. We were sitting in a softly lighted corner, and her figure was in relief against a crimson curtain, Her face wa3 oval and olive, _with an exquisite mingling of warmth i and purity, depth and delicacy, in its tone. Her j dark hair was swept up to the top of her bead in a crown of braids as it was then worn. Her eyes were dark grey, and very sweet, with a mysterious shadow of sadness about them when her face was in repose ; yet when they smiled i they shone more than any eyes I have ever seen. | " Miss Dacre and Miss L-otiard, I must m ike j I you acqu iiiit.-.l," said our hostess (the meddling ' lady whom I have already qip-ttd on tho subj- et 1 of tho Holiingford mis lemcanors). "You in-! tend passing the winter at Ilillsbro', Miss j Leonard ?"' " Yes," replied Richel ; " I believe 1 we shall heat the hail abut Christmas." " Ah 1 j and you li.ive never been there before ? I can ! assure you it is the most dreary plaee ; you will j he glad ol a young friend in the neighbourhoid. i Miss Macro's whim is one of our amusements at j present. She is going to Ilillsbro' to stay with a j lady who is the mother of Mr Hill's agent." | " Mrs. Cowan," said Mrs. Leonard, with a j ladylike assumption of interest in the subject, j " Not at all, my dear; the Cowans were worthy 1 people, but Mr Hill lias changed his agent, II ive j you not heard ? No, of course. Holiingford is ; the name of these people. The father was banker, : the bank smashed, and he ran away with large 1 sums of money." j I thought — nay, I was quite sure — that Miss ; Leonard started at the mention of the word , Holiingford ; and I also thought that she I turned deathly pale ; but she bent over her , flowers at the moment, and the light was very ! subdued. No one else seemed to notice it, so j it is just possible I may have been mistaken. ; ! "Mr Iliil's now agent is, then, the son of Air ! | Ilnlling'ord, the linker ?" said Miss Leonard, j I after a pause. " I did not know that they be- j longed to that part of tho country." " Oh 1 I do ; not know about that; l-ut the mother and son j have taken a farm there lately, trying to make i shift for themselves, poor things ! They say | -nyoimg Holiingford has some QiTx otic ideas ah -ut j I paying some of his father's liabilities ; and if he j j lias, I am sure it is very creditable to him. But j i I for one am inclined to doubt it. Bad conduct ! ! generally runs in .families." ' Madam," said I, I ! with my cheeks getting very hot, " Mrs H-dling- | ford was my mother's dear friend." " llighty ! : tighty. Miss Dacre," said the lady, " we never | 1 know how our friends are going to turn out. I | ! say nothing but what is true. And allow me to j | warn you, my dear, that if y u persist in identify ing yourself with such people you must make up j : your miud to hear them spoken of as they de serve." "Madam," said I again, flashes of ; lightning now dancing before my eyes, " I am . very sorry I have entered your house ; and I will \- certainly never enter it again." | Not waiting for more I made her a curtsey, ; and walked out of the room. I foundTne dress- ing-rnnm where I had left my cloak, fully deter- ; mined to go home at once, if I could only get t lie j earring-1. I had to wait some time, however, ! and whilst I sat alone the door opened and j Rachael Leonard came hurriedly up to my side, i " I eoukl nit go away without bidding you good j nig'nt," she said, bidding both my hands in both of j hers. " Perhaps we may meet again. God bless you 1" Her voice was unsteady, her face pale and her eyc-s wet. A lady came to the door and said, " Now, Rachael, we ure waiting 1" She dropped my hand and was gone. " Who is she ?" I asked of Grace, as soon as we worn together. "What relation is she to 1110 111115?" "None whatever," said Grace ; " only an adopted daughter. There is some romantic story about her, I believe. T he Mills, who are the most eccentric old couple in the world, took a violent fancy to her, ami adopted her for their own. I believe site is an orphan of a very good family. They keep up a wonderful fuss about her ; ami people say they have made her their heiress." " I wonder why she looked so strangely at the mention of tiie Hnllingfords." I said, musing. " My dear Margery," said Grace, slinking her head, " Fgive you up. You are perfectly insane on the subject of the Ilollingfords. What will you imagine next?" " I do not think I imagined it," said I. " I am sura that she turned as white as your cloak," " Well, well," said Grace, " there may he some deep mystery for all I know. Miss Leonard may, like myself, have a taste for agriculture; or may have known young Mr Holiingford before lie turnqd ploughman. I ad vise you to think about it. You have materials for a pretty romance to take into exile with you." Aud I did think abnut it afterwards. chapter n. My children, you must remember that I am speaking of an old-fashioned time, and I tra velled down to Ilillsbro' by coach. The pro menade of a fashionable watering-place had hitherto been my idea of the country. Imagine, then, how my hungry eyes devoured the new beauties presented to them. I had provided myself with a hook, and I had hoped to fall asleep over it, yet here was I with my eyes riveted to a pane of glass, afraid to wink lest I should miss something. Grace's warning, " You will fret yourself to death, you will be hack before a month," grew faint in my ears. When night shut out my new world and I fell asleep, I dreamed of extraordinary phenomena ; trees stalking about the plains, fairies leaping out of the foam of the rivers. I opened tny eye3 to a rose-coloured dawn. We had stopped before a , little village inn. A row of pigeons with burnished necks looked down on me from their perch on the signboard above tho door ; a half-dressed curly-headed child peeped out of a window from under the eaves, and clapped liis hands at the steaming horses : and a young man walked out of the inn with a whip in his hand, and asked if there might he a lady inside tho coach whose destination was Ilillsbro' Farm. I was soon seated by his side in a gig. By a few careful glances I had easily assured myself that there was nothing of the ploughman in the appearance of Mrs Hullingford's son. You will want to know what I thought of him that morn ing, and I will tell you. He seemed to me the beau ideal of a country gentleman ; nothing less than this, and something more. You have known him, my dears, stooped and white-headed, and have loved him in his age for the sake of the heart that never grew old. But on that brilliant autumn morning when ho and I first sat side by side, the same loveable spirit was clothed with the strength and beauty of motal youth. The vivid life of the country was sweet to me that early morning. Carts of iiay lumbered past us, almost crushing its into the hedges as they swept along heavily, leaving a trail of fragrance in the air. Red and brown leaves lay thick on the ground, making beautiful the undulations of the roads. Mists of dew bung among the purple folds of the hills, and the situ dashed the woods and streams with kindling gold. By-and-by the whole country sMo was laughing in the full face of the day. Hillsbro' Farmhouse was, and is, a low long dwelling built of dark bricks, and standing among orchards and meadows, green pasture lands and mailing streams. Its ivied chimneys had for background the sombre lines of a swelling moor belted by a wood of pines which skirted the hol low wherein the earth nourished t he fatness and sweetness of the thrifty farm acres. Along the edge of the moor the road ran that led to Ilills bro' II.-ill, and a short cut through the wood brought one down upon a back eutrance to the squire's own grounds. The dear old farm ! Roses were blowing in that morning at the open sashes of the lug, heavy, rougl.lv hung win-lows. Two young girls, who were afterwards dear to me as fibres of my heart, lingered beside the open door ; stately, handsome Jane, with her solemn obser vant black eyes and trim dark dress, and frolic some Mopsie with her laughing face, and her hat tied down, gipsy fashion, with a red ribbon. They lingered to see me, to take their share in giving me a welcome, ami then set out on their long walk, discussing me by tho way. Tliev told me of it afti'nvar-L, Jane said I was only fit for a glass ease, and Mopsie declared I alighted from the old gig as if I had a miud to danc-'. They were awed by tbe high red heels of my hoots, the feather in my hat, ami the quilted satin of mv pelisse. They wondered I could deign to spc-ak anything but French, and concluded I did so out of compliment to their homeliness. And I meanwhile, decked in all the fanciful elegancies of a London toilette, sat down to breakfast in the long parlour at Ilillsbro' Farm, with something in my heart that would not let me eat though I wa3 hungry, and something in my eyes that would not let me see very well though tiie sun came rich and yellow through enc.h of the wide windows, forming one broad golden path down the middle > '' the room. I saw. but dimly tho dark brown walls and ceil ings, the stiff- lucked chairs with their red covers, the jar full of late roses that stood in either window, the heap of trailing ivy that overran the huge grate. It was Mrs Ilollingford's face that did it as she sat, kind, careful, hospitable, press ing on me sweet home-made cakes, fresh butter, fragrant tea, delicious cream, and delicate pink eggs. Ah me! it was her face that did it. There was my great lady, my beneficent friend, my valiant woman. Her eyes were a little sunken, the fire of their energy a little slackened, Iter brow a little seamed ; the s'rain of fortitude had drawn a tight cord about her mouth. Whence, then, that new touching beauty that made one see the stamp of heaven's nobility' shining on her face? Had I quite forgotten Iter, or was she I indeed something new? It was as if grief had chiselled her features afresh out of the supcifluous j roundings of prosperity, wasted them into perfect | sweetness, hacked them into purer refinement. She wore a straight black gown of the coarsest material, only the fair folds of muslin about her throat giving daintiness to her attire. Her son breakfasted with us, and I fancied he often looked at me curiously, as if to say, " What concern can she have with ns ? why did she come ? how long will she remain?" I hud talked to him without embarrassment as we drove along, hut now I c-ml.l hardly speak. Never had I felt so shy in any company as 1 did now i:i tho presence of my mother's friend. After breakfast she led me to my room, bright and airy, but scantily furnished. It had a window looking out on an orchard threaded by long alleys, over which luing a glowing roof of fruit-laden branches. And here I unpacked my trunks and stowed away my elegant dresses in a huge painted wardrobe smelling of apples. I laid aside with a kind of shame all the little ornaments I was accustomed to wear, and dressed myself in the plainest gown I possessed. Descending the quaint old staircase again, I Lund Mrs II"!- lingford walking up and down the hall waiting for my appearance. " What a great woman ! you have grown, my love 1" sho said, drawing | my hand within her arm, atnl leading me I through the open ball door. " But you have j still your mother's fair hair and sunny eyes. | Will you walk with me for an hour? I have much to say to you, and the sooner it is said the better." Then she told me the story of her life, and misfortunes, sternly, sweetly, with strange humility ami fortitu-le. I knew much of it before, hut she would tell it all. " And now, mv love," she sail, "you know us as we are. Your mother, when she made me your guardian, did not foresee tiie changes that were to take place. You have other friends who are willing to give you a home. You have come here of your own will. When you wish to leave us we will not wonder." I threw my arms round her neck and told her I would not leave her. Never, since Miss Kitty Sweetman went to India, had my heart gone forth so completely to any one. She hade me not he too hasty. " You will find our life so different from anything you have ever known," sho said. " We all fear it for you. We are so busy here. We have always a purpose before our eyes to make us work." " Then I will work too," I said. " I will not he the only drone in such a thrifty hive." Sim smiled at 'this, and shook her head. But I immediately began to east about for the means by which I might find it possible to kee\> my word. chapter III. I soon learned to love tbe farm. I began to know the meaning of the word " home." The beauty and lorenbleness of some persons and places take you by surprise ; with others they steal upon you by degrees ; hut there was that about Ilillsbro' Farm which I loved much at once and more afterwards. Looking at it in the most common-place way, it bad all tbe peace and plenty of an English farmhouse, while for eyes that sought more they would find enough that was picturesqu' in the orchard's ruddy thickets, where the sun struck fire on frosty mornings ; in the wide pasture lands sloping to the sedgy river, where the cows cooled their feet on sultry evenings. You know as well as I the curious bower garden beyond tbe lower window of the parlour, stocked with riches and sweets of all kiinD, rows of beehives standing in the sun, roses and raspberries growing side by side. The breatli of thyme and balm, lavender and myrtle, was always in that parlour. Y'nu know the sheepfold and the paddock, the old tree over the west gable where the owl made his nest — tho owl that used to come and sit on our school-room window-sill aud hoot at night. You know the sun-dial where the screaming peacock used to perch and spread his tail : the dove-cote, where tho silver-necks and fan-tails used to coo and ruffle their feathers. You know too, all the quaint plannings and accidents of the eld house; how the fiery creeper ran riot through the ivy on the dark walls, dangling its burning wreaths over the windows ; how the hall door lay open all day with the dogs sleeping on the broad door step. Also within that were long dark passages, rooms with low ceilings ; a step up here, ami a step down there ; fire places twisted in odd cor ners, narrow pointed windows, and wide latticed ones. You know all the household recesses, the dairies and pantries and storerooms ; but you cannot know how Mrs Holiingford. toiied amongst | them, filling them with her iudustry one day that they might be emptied tho next ; hardening her delicate bauds with labour to the end that justice might be done, that some who had. lest might gain, that a portion of her husband's heavy debts might he paid, and a portion of tho curse of the impoverished lifted from his guilty shoulders. No luxury was ever permitted in that house hold. Old gowns were worn and mended till they could he worn and mended no longer. The girls were of an nge to go abroad to school, hut they must be contoured with such education as they cenl-l p'ok up at In. no, so long ns one poor crea- nre snlT- red straits thsongh their father's fault. Tho only in. lulger.ee allowed was almsgiving. Mop-ie might divide her dinner with a hungry c' did, or Jane bestow her new petticoat on an ag.-d woman ; but they must, in consequence, .b'ny themselves and suffer it. convenience till such time as it came to be again their turn - to have their absolute wants relb-ved. I .li.l, indeed, feel like a drone in a hive when, on h aving my room in the mornings, I met. Mrs ll-'llingfnr.l coming from her work in tbe dairy', ThJoim Holiingford arriving from bis early vi-it to a distant part of the farm, Jane from her sewing closet where sho made and mended the linen of the household, and Mopsio from the kitchen with a piled dish of breakfast cakes, showing what her morning task had been. I could not eat for envy. Why could not I ho of u=e to somebody ? I gave Mopsio some gay ribbons, which were returned to me by hcrmcthor. I Nothing might she wear hut her plain black frock i atnl white f- ill. I gave Jane a book of poems with wood'Uits, and that was accepted with rap ture. Tins encouraged me, I picked up two little children on the road, and to one I gave a bright sill: girdle f.-r a skipping ropa, and to the other a doll dresscl from tho materials of a fine gauze hat, which I picked to pieces for the purpose. I was not going to he a peony flaunting among thrifty mo.lest vetches. At first I was sorry for the destruction of my pretty things, but soon I grew to admire tiie demureness of my grey gown and little black apron. I learned to make pies and cakes, to sweep aroom and set it to rights, to wash and get up linen and laces, to churn, to make butter. But, as many hands were engaged in these mat ters, I was often thrown out of employment. I made music for my friends in the evenings, and, us they liked it, t i. i 3 was something ; but it was not enough. A new spiiit had entered into me. 1 h it mv old self lost in tiie admiration which I had conceived for the new friends who'Tiad ac cepted me amongst them. By-an.l-hy I found out a little niche of useful ness for myself. .Tune and Mopsie attended the village school. One day I went to the town to lmv some trifle and call for the girls. It was past the hour for breaking up, and I found Mop sie romping with some ru-le- looking girls on the | green, while Jane, detained for some fault, sat alone in the scheol-ro on, petched on a bench, her 1 arms f.-Id-d and her eyes gloomily fixed en ti e j wall. When I entered she blushed crimson. She j was a proud girl, and I knew she was hurt at my seeing her disgrace. I coaxed her to speak out her trouble. " I cou'd teach the whole school," I she said, fiercely — " master, mistress, and all — un.l yet I u:f kept sitting over a, b, c, like a baby. I get so sick of it that souu-ti nos I answer wrong by way of novelty. Then I have to hold out my hin.l for the rod. To-day I drew Portia and Shylock on my slate, and forget to finish my sum ; therefore I am disgraced !" I seized the happy moment and offered myself to the girls as a governess. Mopsie stopped on the road ami hugged me in delight. June squeiz-d my ban. 1 and was silent dining the rest of the walk, except when she said, " Mother will never conse.nt. I am ton proud, and she wants mo to be humbled. She thinks it is good for me to go 'to tbe village schnn)." That, night, however, I laid my plan hefo.n Mrs Holiingford, un l after some trouble, I at tained my p "int. We chose for our schoolroom an unoccupied chamber at the end of a long pass age upstairs. It was furnished with a deal table ami chairs, and a an? ill square of green carpet laid upon the sanded floor. It had three latticed windows looking westward, ami one of those odd grates I have mentioned, large enough to cook a dinner. We kept it filled with logs, and in the 'evenings, after we had drawn the curtains in the parlour, set the tea-table, ami made Mrs Moiling-, ford comfnrtahle on tho sofa for an hour's rest, we three retreated to our schoolroom for a chat in the firelight. Mere John joined us when lie hap pened to come home early, and many a happy hour we passed, four of us sitting round the blazing logs, talking and roasting npph s. We told stories, tales of the outer world, aud legends of tho'enuntry around us. Wo described places anil people we had seen, and our fancies about others we had not seen. John, who hail travelled, was the most frequent speaker ; anil as I was a wonder of experience to his sisters, just so was lie a wonder to me. Wu laughed, cried, or listened with breathless silence, all as he willed, while the purple and yellow lingered in tho sky behind the lattice, anil the moaning of the wind through tho forlorn fields, the hissing of the roasting apples, and the crackling of the burning wood, kept up an accompaniment to hi3 voice. Tliero were other evenings, ton, when John was late, and Mopsie having grown tired of serious talk, tripped off to hear the lasses singing Bold Robin Mood in the kitchen. Then Jane used to open her heart to me, and talk about the troubles of the family. Her heart was stern and bitter against her father. Well had she said she was proud ; well had her mother wished to humble her, if that could be done. She had, I believe, a great intellect, and sho had much, personal beauty of a grand character. I do not think she thought much about the latter, hut she felt her mental powers. She knew she was fitted to move in a high sphere, and chafed against her fate ; still more against the fate of her brother. I think I see her, on her low seat before the fire, her hands clasping one knee, her dark head thrown hack, ami her eyes fixed oil the dancing shadows above the chimney. "To think of John settling down to he a farmer!" she said; "John, who for cleverness might he prime minister. And there is no hope of his getting away Irom it ; none whatever." I coul l not hut agree to this, though the thought occurred to mo that the farm might not he so pleasant a home if John had to go away aud he prime minister. All I could say I said to combat her rebellious despondency as to her own future. "If you knew the emptiness and foolishness of the gay world," I said, in a sage manner, " you would lie thankful for our quiet life at Ilillsbro'." "It is not the gay world I think of," alio said. " It is tho world of thought, of genius." " Well, Jane," said I, cheerfully, " you may pierce your way to that yet." "No!" she said. "If I had a clean name I would try to do it. As ic is, I will not li"M up my head only to be pointed at. But I will not spend my life at Ilillsbro,' moping. I will go away aud work, teach, or write, if I can." I saw her eyes beginning to flash, and I did not like these fierce moods for Jane. I was turning over a book at tho time, and to divert her attention, I read aloud the name written on the title-pnge. " Mary Holiingford," I said. " Was not she your eldest sister ?" Jane started. " Yes," sho said. " Who mentioned her to you ?" " Your mntsher." I said, " used to tell me of her little Mary, who was at school at France. I cannot recollect who told me of her death. Do you remember her ?" "Oil yes," said Jane, "perfectly. Wo did not lose her till after — my fnther went away." " I suppose she took the trouble to heart," I said, rcfi -ctively ; and then was sorry 1 had said it. But Jane answered, " Yes," readily ; then dropped her face between her hands, and remained plunged in one of her motionless fits of abstraction for half an hour. I never alluded to this subject again to Jane but one evening, wben Mopsie and I were nlono together, tho child spoke of it herself. " Margery," sho said, " y-ui are holding mo now -j n st as sister Mary used to hold mo with both her arms round my waist, when I was a tiny little thing, and she used to play with me in. our nurserv in Loudon." " You remember her then?" I said. "Yes," said Mopsio. "I re member ber like a dream. She used to come home for the holidays, and a handsome French lady with her, who us.-d to throw up her hands if we had not ribbons in our sh ves and smart rosettes on our shoes. I remember sister Mary in a pretty white frock trimmed with lace, and her hair curled down to her waist. I used to think her hair like one of the ang"l9. But we never speale of- her now, nor of papa, because it pains mother and J dip, I used to speak of her to Jane sometimes in tho night, just to ask her did she think sister Mary was thinking of us in heaven : hut Jane used to get into such dreadful tits of crying that I was grew afraid. I think it is cru"l of us all to forget her because she is dead." And tears stood in Mopsie's blue eyes. But the next half hour she was singiug like a sky-lark over some household task. (To be continued.) Frank, but not Gouiitfous.— Tho following unique ndrerti-cmcnt is extracted from the Castle- maine Daily Xcws : — "To Spinsters and Itclicts. — A farmer. 'in comfortable circumstances, wishes | to meet with n woman of middle ago. ns house- I keeper, with a view to matrimony. Mo is notpar- ticnlar as to creed or colour, and would not object to an eiieiMe per.-nn. nit hough she might liavc'one child. The advertiser, who is in tho prime of lifo, is a widower, and has three boys under fourteen, and would endeavour to make a partner happy and comlurtable. Applications, in person, to be made," Sea. Mineral Product. — Wo understand upon good antlioriiy that the pillars in front of the new post oflice in Sydney are to bo of marble, taken from a qiuirrv at Long Reach, about six tnilcs from Maru- lan. We nl.-o hear that black marble nbounds near Horn: and that white marble lias been taken from tiie Womhian caves.— Southern Observer. An American Jacic Siiuimiecd. — At Haverhill, New Hampshire, on tho fith instant. Samuel Mills, an Englishman by .birth, was executed for tho murder of Mr Maxwell, an esteemed old gentleman of Kranconia. New Hampshire. The murder wna of a singularly cruel and desperate character, and the sole object was plunder. Aftcr tho murder ha absconded, and was arrested in Illinois. On being taken to I-'ranoonia, ho was conveyed at night to the scene of the murder. The murderer was takoa into tho rickety dwelling slowly and cautiously, and with the dismal light of ft smoky lantern made to view hern and there the floors, the ceil ings, the walls, all besmeared with the clotted and dried up blood of old Mr Maxwell. The axa ami the table, the chairs and tho disarranged furniture were all there to meet his terrible gaze, and it is not strange that such a scene was well circulated to nil the mind of tho murderer with llio most powerful of unpleasant sensations. Mo seemed entirely overcome, and his whole powerful frame was instantly all of a tremble, and instead of tho proud, boasting bravado uf a moment be fore. he stood a canlessed murderer. Giving way entirely to Ids emotions, ho exclaimed that lie was guilty, that lie would mtiko a full confession : but he preferred to do it at another time and place. Tiie next, day he made a'elean In-east of everything, giving tho particulars of the crime and tho motive, as already stated. During his confinement in gaol lie made two .successful efforts to cscapo. Tho strength of iron bars and a thirty pound iron chain around his ankles yielded to his skill and ingenuity, Tho first attempt lie made to get away lie stripped himself of nearly all his clothing; for, expecting a light with tho sheriff, as lie said, ho thought it would he prudent to l.avo as few garments as possible for him lo take hold of. Mis plan was frustrated, however, for there came timely assist ance to the sheriff, and tho culprit was secured after a severe struggle. A few weeks later he sawed tho bars of his cell, displaced his manacles, and fled to tho town of lhilton. forty miles distant, whore lie was recaptured and brought back to his old quarters. A cell for his special keeping was then built, and the blacksmith who mado some new manacles for him declared that with an anvil, chisel, and hammer they could not ho removed. In less than an hour— without theso implements, however — tho ingenuity of Mills resulted in his shaking them off in a moment, and then in a few moments tnoro the cell which had boon provided for his special keeping was broken, and at mid day the murderer passed unobserved out of tho prison. An outsider who noticed him gave an early alarm, and lie was pursued and again re captured. — American paper. 