,.i ý. .....' " SYDNEY SU'MlARY. ...... , An S.'l?.i't, NM" . Mnva i. . IT is by no means uonsual'that at periodi o? any disturbance of the lunar, system Irregularities occur in the tides, but it rarely happens that sach a re mnarkable phenomenon as. that witnessed in this harbour on Saturday last takes place. , It was high ,wastr about fire o'clock on that morning. and the tide was ebbing with conslderable'.velocity about eight a.m:'' when it suddenly turned, and the waters, as if impelled.by some extraordinary Influence, re .turned up;the harbour with great fore. 'At the Circular Quay very little disturbance was felt, but at Darling HIarbour, and particularly In Johnston's Bay, the effects were very marked:. In some places the water seemed as if in a boil, inothers whirlpool eddies were formed, while at one time a tidal wave swept up Johnston's Bay snapping the warps of one of. the steam ferries at.lialmaln, and completely stopping another; while on her passage across the harbour,, The pteamer from Parramatta, when off Peacock's Point,. Dalmanin, was twisted round, and for the time.was completely'unmanageable. The waters at the head of the navigation receded several feet, and swelled again as suddenly; becoming as dis Coloured in appearance as after a heav' flood. The RILI, 8. Mlataura; lying at her moorangs in John. stor's Day, was swept round with her head to S.?WV althugh a' smart 8. N. wind wasblowing. ' The buoy off the A 8. N. COo'e 'Worki was also turned round several times with'grcat'rapidity.; 'A gentle man' residing at Darling Point informs us that about ten o'clock the tide rose there fully two feet in shout five minutes; then seemed'to ebb jlmost as rapidly, and dating the day the tide.ws noticed to flow and ebb,nu that locality six. times,, the rises averaging aboqt two and a half feet in fifteen tsinuutes.:2 : ., :A' reeldent' at Damnniin:o rites t-"' On Saturday morning, whilst waiting at the Ltme.street Wharf to cross over to Waterview, ay, by the nine o'clock boat,;I observrd the water grdually rise .up about eighteen inches, end 'suddenly.fall about the same, in less than flee minutes.. There. was no appearance of any swell kt the time.,? Returning to Sydney at 10.80, on coming to.the entrance of Johnston's Bay there was a very unusual commotion In. the water a stream, about; twenty yards, wide,' rushing round Peacock's^iPolat ,towards . liller's Point, which diverted the steamer,some.one hundred yards from her course,...The .water appeared to, be rushingat the rate of twelve 'or fourteen miles an hour, and was more'discoloured than I have seen +it after the heaviest 'rains; ' Several boats were dragged from their moorings.".,'',e ?. .' ?~, ' The disturbance was not confine' to the morning tide, and in some parts of Port Jackson' the effects were' more, noticeable. during the afternoon.,. The steamer Vesta, with a 'party of excurlsonite' for Clontarf, was very nearly driven ashore in'Middle Ilarbour.',? She had just landedi a portion' of her passengers at their destination, and.was proceeding up the bay.with some who wished to examine the upler portion of that.harboure:. On:rounding the spit at 3,30 p.m. alarge whirlpool was' observed to formm suddenly, ahead of,the. steamer, completely diverting her from her course,' and almost driving her ashore on Cabbagetree Flat. ? ',' '" The tide at six o'clock ei'Batu'rdiy night rose to a very unusual helght in all.'parts of the harbor, and was very observable all the way up'tbe Parramatts river,' and in the bays 'and inlet of: that, estuary, Atthe' head'of Darling Harbour the water was so high that;it actually flowed over the small bridger con.ectling the upper part of VPyrmontwwlth, Dlxon. street.'-, It is perhaps a' fortunate clrcumstance that thle entraordlnary and `unexpected rise of.the water ras not attended with stormy weather." 'It to easy to see that if any violent wind had been blowing from the south.east considerable damage might have been occastoned, ., j' . ;o .-' o '"'"' ...., '" ' " C Shobbrtly before. six o'elock Wooloomooloo ',ay seemed much disturbed, the waters boiling, upand becoming yery?machn diaooloured. in asehort time. During Sunday a slight 'Irregularity in the tide was also noticeable and the'afternoon tide came in with immense velocity." ':'''' : ' [In .the. following, day's (Tuesdey's) eIssue, the herald adds l--The erratlo actionn of. the 'waters In the harbour, as displayed in the ebb and flow during the last forty.eight hours, has not eased;, the ebb of yesterday ombining 'very peculiar Influsnoae. At half ebb of,the tide it suddenly fell sir Inches, remalping.then stationery for hall an hour,'. It then agalain m ,quokly! fell, six inches, after, which. t appeireds to exert its' sual: power. +,In., Darling I1arbo'df;diung the forenoon, an nnusual' commo tion as obserred the water without any' apparent cause, suddenly curved and, ruabd'in, with a cer-. taln dege, o iforeo totally .unprecedented In this harbour, The usual rise of the tide wa' not;' how. ever, more than might be, espected' and, doubtless, the cause of this phenopenon may be fairly attribu table'ta thl. conjolued, influence of. the .planetary powereeorclsed when 'tbh'superior'plao ts nire In cunjunction. : : . .- r." .L. .. ' ', -;.. ". I ?, It willsbe seen on" reference,to oun advertisIng columons that'' s'certafn Individual,",whnm we hare escertained to be the "Count," presented two horses towards the expenses'of replering'the bells of St,' lisry's Roman Caththio.caehodral, andr alero sub scribed' :4 tnw'ards, the ealthedral building..' The finance committee, under the clrcumstance, have decided not to accept of the " Count's"'liberality at other' pople's 'expense, but: simply, byld It n trust for thu benefit of those who may hrave aclalmon him aj creditors.,dio . , ?I C ? o " : , . v . , 'At a'moeling'of St;,Andrew's Cathedral oem. mittee held on Tuesday 's roeolqtloe"waa'.paesed ?llrming the deasiability of opennng and eonsecrat. log the cathedral on the 30th Noremher next.:,. In the Supreme Court on flpnday1 before hie IIonlor MIr. Justice Checke,' was 'commncedlthe cate'of ]tiordsn and thers .v, Fitspatriok, an Jytion'by Charles Itiordan; Thomas Liced," James'Stanley, Daniel lysn, end James bo llahon, agaltst 'Thom?a SFitlpatrlck, for breach of contract, and for work and labour, do,,, The defendatttpleetd,'by way of cross. action, that he had sustained cot at lososs by Toason of a breach of eontract by the plsi?liffs I.elso a payi Sentt. Thedefendant wias aoontreator for telegraph line. T'llatlntlff wre Joint sunboontractors, under -the detddant; hfpr b. eantingof part of that line llngula) Iuq Jivsob and s Zden.wo nth case was no 'coneluded, If r. Bter an r. Balomoas,Instroeted' by feesra. L?vey and DaLlas, appeared for'the plaintiffst and ir. Stephen insalructed by hr. Pigott; for the defendant. . , Tenders for the construction of sections No. 7 and 8 on the Creat western railway, which will carry the line to Kelso,. two miles from iathurst, were ro eelved some days ago, and on Friday a decision was arrived at in reference to them. The tender of Mr. Williams, for the sum of £203,963 12s. dJ., was so. eopted for section No. r, being a length of seventeen millest and the tender of Mr. Faviell, for the slim of £127,650 Os. 10., was aecepted for section No. 8, which is also about seventeen miles. Mr. Williams was one of the contractors for the southern railway, and was associated with Mir. Blunt In the construoe tlion of the great northern line (with the exception of the permanent way), from a short distancebeyrnd Singleton to the town of Mtswellbrook. Mr. WVil. tiams Is now engaged in constructing the Warwick line, a length of about salty miles, in Queensland. Mr. Farlell is the contractor for section No. 7 on the reat southern lines, 'hich extends from lBaber's reekto Ooulburn. . ., -The dispute between the mayor of Sydney and the municipal councl of Waverley is etill unsettled. This dispute, It will be remembered, had reference to the enclosure by the city council of the lend pro. claimed as a water reserve, and the stoppage, by the enclosing fence, of certain streets laid out through part of such reserve, of which the Waverley council claimed, by right of possession and under tibs Munl. ipalitles Act of 1858, the exclusive care and manage. ment' . A fence, which had been erected under the direction of the Waverley council to mark out a particular line of road, had been removed ef et areis by e body of men, acting under the orders of the mayor, and carried, as his worship subsequently in timated, to the Crown-street reservoir, with a view to the posts and rails thus taken possession of being used In fencing Moore Park. The Waverley coun. cil, having Instructed their solicitor to take proceed. Ings against the mayor of Sydney,*In reference to the appropriation of this fencing, and the usual initiatory steps having been taken an offer to restore such fencing has been made through the city solicitor, and the Waverley council havy been requested to state where it is to be put. They have decided, we are Informed, to inslaist upon its being placed exactly where it was taken from; In other words, to insist upon the line of road which it was intended to mark out; on the ground that there,had been "user" of such road for more than twenty years.. Dout It is scarcely probable that the mayor of Sydney will con. sent to this. The fence erected under his worshbip's orders across one of the streets over which. the Waverley council' claims control has also, in the mean time,' been cut away; and the line. of this street through the reserve, as,laid down on the original government plan, has been marked out. A deputation from the Waverley council has seen the minister for works, who has, we are Informed, de.' clined to Interfere in the' matter, and has recom.' mended an amicable settlement; The Waverloyltes In general are very active about what they evidently regard as an arbitrary invasion of, their territory by a forcign potentate I but the council of the borough are still disposed, we are told, to make a friendly ar. rangement of the matter if it can be done.' The Im. provements contemplated by the mayor of Sydney are such'as must benefit the suburbs as well as the city.' I' Sensible of this, the Waverley council are desirous, it Is said, to aid in these improvements by withdrawing all further opposition, if they can secure such a road-and one road only- through part of the reserve, as they consider absolutely necessary; but upon this they are determined to Insist: - Thus stands the matter at present. It Is to be hoped that some arrangoment may yet be come to. So long, however, as each party stands aloof, and Inaists upon strict rights, this will be Impossible. . The , Bill,' or "Ordinance," of the Anglican Synod for the eastablishment' o 'St. Andrew's Cathedral Chapter, was read a third time on the 13th instant, 'and formally; assented to. by the bishop. , " fr' s the ,smpren) ' The synod of the Church of England has con. tinned its meetings during the week, and the reporte of its proceedings have been duly published In thn newspnpers ; they are, therefore,open to commentig a mild and Inoffensive spirit even by a free.speakinh Fisneur. ' It must be rather oppressive that churcs parliament, sombre, wanting the Inspiriting influences of another place:? Occasionally the 'exitehOent Is' stirred to the extent of an audible "hear, hear," and 'on' the subject of the Introduction of the lay element the barometer rose to applause point. There s'no opposition ilnthe parliamentary sense, and it seems pretty well' understood 'that there Is to be none. Free discussion Is Invited .b, the president and maintained by him; but directly any attempt at natural freedom of expression appears, some one Is ready to jnmp up apparently with a view to spare his Lordehip'sfeelinrgs,'with an 0 fie," o ,'' for shame;,sir,' style of reproof.. Almember spoke bluntly enough, but with right feeling, on a subject the parishioners'of St. Andrew's are not over well pleased about, and Mir. Somebody.rises to order. And awhn another member read a petition from an old and respected churchman onr,a certain subject, the clerical element became positively unquenchables tbe offending document' was to be put 'under the table or kicked out of the chamber, or anything else that Is dreadful in the way of, censure clerical... Why il it that clergymen generally are so opposed to the lay element? 'In my young daysIwent to school ,with' myfriend Smudge, who is now,an:ordained clergyman. "'In" juvenile times ?I; have whopped Smudge' and taken all he could give before his oficte endered it an Impossibility to try conclusions. Now he treats me as s layman.' IIie miles upon me when he reminds me of the claims of this or that society, he so' mildly advocatese but be Is quite different 'to the Smudge of our boyish'davs.' I would like to poke him ; In the 'ribs and tell him ,that favourite story I used tottell after ths candles were removed at Dr.' Whack'us ' but he Is; a+ clergyman, and smothers his otherwise spontaneous and. creditable nature. r But he will not have me as a layman to sit with him. r Ie becomes wild in the eyes and perhaps moist in discussing the ordinance, and implores those exalted persons who hold the olce eplscopal not to delegate their prerogatives to aiy inferior body. * Is that William Forster ofl yde who seconds motions and makes short speeches in the' synod ? .Ilow does he manage to'control that impetuous torrent?. IIe hai discovered a safety.valve' In; writing. terriflo letters of Brobdignaglan proportions; and it is well for the assembly sitting on church questions that his surplus energy can be thus worked off., How can he poaiblly manage to compress all he has to say into so short atlme?-It'cannot be the same' Individual: The 'Ethiopian 'sunablo to' change hise skin,or the leopard bis spots.""VWhat was there in the' petition from IBlchard' Sdleir 'Esq.' N., to. bripg about such a storm? P There was a time when It was con. sidersd desirable that the highest 'osce In the Eng. lish'churchr n'the colonies should be open to any eligibls clergyman of that church. lDut the layman whq presented the p6tlllion Was snubbed I and rftr some discussion the matterwa dropped, aeid o was t•he petion.""+'." ++" ' r' " ,' ' ' " ' 'Dy the arrival of the steamei Saexonls some further otelllgence has reached'Sydney of the sayings and doigs of the plseudo Count. Von 'Attems, the owner of the yacht ilamlet's Ghost."" The yacht arrived at lEtveiand Bay on the 28th Joly, and the adventurer Dwas ~iooisesd to the extreme. ' Ie was ra guest whom everybody delighted to honour as board thl6 Baxoni, spoke:patronisinRly'of his' ydney";friends nad announced his intention of completln "his crulse by returinlog to Port'Jachksoi o the 3rd(nstant as be expected an Austrian war vessel wouldi shortly call at the sttion to eonvey him to Europ;.? ' ,:,, IttiIs a' goodthlng to entesrtai angels uItawares. Let ~8,charltahly hope that the ?sams remak will spply equslly well to n?tl;', If notthere really 'aemrs 'toabe semne probabllity of the Sydney Ieu ',n.,e e dldcovering that they have mads fools of them. selvel for nothing, which would be a plty;lf not ex* aclly a movelty.' Ill. late lordshipte .evaporotid counit must have been'a genius' n his way or he nsever worald have selected Sydney as the scene of his oporatlons.. Or was It natural attraction, obedleco to thei great hyaslol' law that'like seaks like, that drew him to the ongenial apirits o[ th llRoya and tbo O?uest -'Is it gone rlly.known that one of our l'eeNse d'Orree wswithln, an' eeo' of flghlllng,:' for ' lady foir,", thls 'fueblnuttg rold .'cAmesiirq --thtl hero of the boot.jack ind'flyper(on of the carling. tongs ?0.The young entleman'ectlng no doubt on ths ollcdilctm, that r' lstone bu'the brave deserye th frS proved hid po.esesloO,.f the ebitter part of tosny cxtont.· It wss perbpa as well that he diJfr the question now arides wIth what wsppong they should haves fought ? Onola?dy frilend asggess hailr.brushsse; anothertwieeraesUOni hardly knows. ,WVhat do' you say to ,equlita ?tr, A good deal of speoulattlon has been wasted asto the eauos.tth which his countship found; ia 'footing in Sydey-soolety, and victlmlsed his frlends'. The fqreimnoount dodge, Itl might have'boen 'thought,, ,was ecompletely worked out as the ?bhlpwreoked mat oer rthe blown up enOgineY" ist sepltoait It to ble w6th whle tq coasider h6w fools are madi, Js there nothlng e:" planitory in the old adage that "diamond eunt die. on t" or, to put it classically, that ul iria s ta il. us enrantur fe What a consternation has taken posseslion of members of parliament during the last fortnightl It seems there isa prospect of a berth worth seeking becoming vacnt. It is not vacant, and the appetites of the wolves are whetted still more in consquenes. You meet a member of parliament- of course, of the government party-and you find him painfully reticent.- lie seems to cultivate oflcial reserve, and declines the once cheerfully proffered Invitation to unotjectionahle refreshment. lie knows nothing, and has heard nothing. lie has strong opinions on the necessity of upholding the authority of minis. tere, and shuns the publia otlree, for fear anyone might suppose, &o.; Well, they have, manyof them, been long waiting, and their twittering anlfetyis pardonaable I but one vacancy cannot be-filled b ten candidates. Better let the delinuent. down easy than lose nine supporters. - In the central criminal court on Friday George Ilirst, who pleaded guilty to three charges of stealing money from Mnours. Alderson and Bons was brought up for senence. Prisoner, when askel by the clerk of arraigns if he had anything to say why sentence should not be passed upon him uttered not e word. ltis Hronor then sentenc?d him as follows i-For the first offence, three years', the second, two years', and the third, one year's imprisonment in Sydney gaol. Thesentences were to be accuumulatie, maling a total of sid years.. Prisoner on leaving the dock fainted, and remained in a swoon in the gaol for some time.. (From itheeman'e o urs, o . nt . We understand that the Very Rev. Father Ieo Alroy, V.e., whose long residence in Goulburn was productive of the happiest effects for religion, hba been transferred to Albury. We may safely con gratulate the good people of the border capital upon their new pastor. A anolous and hard.working priest, whose every mission has been marked with churches erected during his stay,hoe will do an immense amount of good in hie new sphere.' Th convent, which has been endowed with such praise. worthy munificence by the Catholics of the district, cannot fail to flourish andbshed its blessings most ahbundantly upon the adolt population as well as upon the children of tender years, who will be taught in its halls the doctrines and practices of their holy religion under his spiritual guidance. We know that in him Catholic education has a strong and steadfast upholder, so that its enemies will not have Itall their own way while he ministers at Albury. 