:THOUGHTS ON A CIRCUS.- . BYOti'/A. ATKISS. When, in.days.yet far remote, Iaclaualey's : NewZealander returns from his voyage- to" ; the old :world, after. gazing on the :ruins ot ::St.Paul;, ho;may ·perhaps en- route pay a flying visit'to Portland. :This city. will be a vastly difterent place by that time ;'and we snoa asurmise thattfoturo generations of pri. soners' will ie: b usy putting the finishing touchisr' tif'the breakwater and tramway, \--whilst- the ghosts of Councillor Marriott, and other.puhjlic spirited men, hover near rubbing together their "fleshless palms" and smiling : blandly:..IfJit';slrould. o chance that our New Zealander, ,who. will, of course, be a "'iiiiei bof"ithe .Australian Archmological i': :Sbciety, elhouldl all across'an ancient copy.of the Portland.' Guardian of the date March ?V-.nd, 1868, he will therein discover 'a para gr.. phfelatiie `to Bt Burton's Circus, and will doubtless read it with' great interest as aelow -_.ing.how . the old fogies, of -the nineteenth century. used to amuse themscelvs., Perhaps this will,iiduce him to search, for information is to the manner in which. the public amused ,. theselves in that era of early Australian ::?,bsitioy, and;he will edifv.himself by reading of rows in the Casino de Venise, or in the ,next column, of a ten meeting *in Ebenezer ''Chai?el atid in perdsing the latter will per baps .wonder,yhat the people found to laugh at iin the freebld speeches of reverendlorators. Bautwe have nothing to do with these things. When ithe New Zealander shall be searching 'out :our,porticblar :vanities ..we shall 'sleep soundly enough, and our very rames..will barvepassed'lromnamong men. Let is then do in our;dayfwhat the Now Zealander will C utdobuhtles'oo za hi iid seeo whit a circus was ;;like in'timeds gone by. The circus took its name from the place wherein the :ancient lomans used to hold, their horse and chariot races. The: Greeks cilleda similar 'pleco "hippodrome. :It-is thlought that Tarquinius Priscus. constriuceted the first circus called Mairmnus, in the valley between .the.Aventine aend Palatine, :This biodldng" from time' to time improved, be came ultimaitelyono of the finest edifices in ancient Rorme." In those days the lRomans, who were awful old 'iwlls, would not 'adiit liih plebeians,; or as'tholAgeivold .call them, p j'`it?o horney-hasnded sons of toil," to. see the eports'of the circus. Unfortunate "borney . handed I',' you had no Age in those days to denounce the o grinding' tranny"; of'. your ' peraecutors,'and to lead you (ever credulous as you were and dre)'to fanicy 'ourselves satrociouislyuited individual - Inii-. t early times `the patriciriis',vieied the game from temlporary'platfoerms Which they hard to macke themselves; but subsequently a permanent buildidg ' was 'erected with- tiers of seats around except on the-side where- the horses and charidts entered.:'In the tinis oat Julius .,Ciesar this - circus wais made about three itadlia* ai length, and 400 feet in breadth. Thejcircumferenco of the whole amounted to eightltadia; and the placo;ewas capable of holdi?g between 150,000 to 200,000 people. I landy Mr. ' Burton would' consider that rather a "bumper house." At a later period even thi istmense placeawas found inadequate to the requirements of..the time, and when it buad arrived at' the heiglitof its popularity in aro'thie reigo -of throEiriperoi ' Trojan, it was so ,"ifar enhldrgd :as to bhe capable `of' corntaining some 485,000 spectators. It it were like that in the pi esent day, all our.vessels would have to be cohverted rinti 'steamers, as Burton 'nouldibuy u?iall thi:canvns' t make .a suit able tent, lcaving: ndrni for::tlio sailiakers. hren;there wer the Circi, .Flarninius, Alngo nfolia, a'iil Vaticanu,, .and numerous others which it is "uinccessary to mention. : :'IT'hrle is ubdobubt baut thit in thoso remoto agrs the lest young men and women of Rome suffered from ennui as mucb as the same g,enlightened portion of. qagp u generalipublic '.fittffer in the.present day.. ,What would we . give Jrlend'of rmy youth (wherever you may. * Stadmm. The i ighth of , ltoman mile. - be) what I say wdould we, who were- never fast:fellows,'give,:if weocould go to -a circus or..a theatro or in fact anywherei (always ex cepting churchl, f courso, especially if the arson's given-to prenching long sermons), nith the.sarne pleasuro iwe siedToleel ..Do yod remember how- once we both fell vio-e. lently, and desperately in love with a young lady-in tight. buck';.kin' what-arq.theys, and seven league boots,' whowas:a British Oficer in the Afghan war, in Cook's Circus, in the old country. And can.youoall to mind how there was no 'jealousys in` bur hearts as we sounded her praises in each others ears. And do you recall our disgusteonl horror whenc we heard a reprobate in ;sporting costume, csmpare the Foven league: boots, and their contents to jugs with epoons in thbom.. Alas l those days are past; and now: we can see any quantityof fair tors- flying- round on iorsos' btacks " orgrahcefully'sptiniing , round on the points of.their toes, without feeling in the least.dogreo enthusiabtic or, discomposed., Shall we never take pleasure in these.things gain ?. I fear not, we-had an over-dose of ien' in:our youngar days, and, now we. look upon them carelessly..; But I. am wandering away from sy;:subject,' -whntever that-may he), and 'forgetting ltho ancients altogether, Well, as I said the Romans got. ick or the horse and chlariot racing and plied for some thing- " stronger."-- -So--somo-enterpriln' 1 •iiiizon introduced th'gladiators in the .year B; C 260, who fought;,imd cat and slashed each dtier fbr'somo years to the intense sails. faction'of evcry one Uit themselves.' -l.Then another novelty was introduced.B. C. 252, t ihen Lucius Meteliis ,broug'it :somo elo- t phants into the circus. whiich -were part.o l he spoils of"Carthage. ;This was tihe: first 'ntroduction of mild betists and from that s time, those cruel last ages of thes Roman republic, to the no less- cruel' days of the umpire, until the fall of Rome, wild beasts, not always as harmless as elephiarts; played a conspicuous part in;the gaines of the 'circus: I In the days of Pompey someo elephants on deavouoed to-break down the barriers :that I kept them in tlhe ring and get at the people. Ve can imagine the scrimmage that' ensued, and how the old sadal-shud mnmbers.of .the , horney-handed'! trod on each' others corns and bunions, and drew claret. from each others Roman noses. Tiji'was the caused of the seats being elevated, and.an amplitheatre' built,.which namo it first received in the days of Julius Cosar. :Fancy the citizen of.Rome reading the play bill: a" IMIENSB ATTRACTION I ,Two unaSDRED PRaISONERns PROir m RITAI STo in si EAN BY TIIE LioNs crrIZErcal alnto TOUR WIVES AND CIfII nEsi" and imagine the wives and youngsters dun ning the pater-familias to.take'them' to' the circus. bint those'days are p?at, and so we Will . . . "Lot theo dead past bury its dead." ,.It wduld take up more space than I 'should be allowed-i. e., the whole of the OG.ardian -to tully relate all known concerning eques trian and 'similar ihows, arid boat they reached- their -present -state-ofiperfection thht is,-if they have -reached' it-so :I must content myself'with offering a few remarks on the Circlis'as-w find it in the :present day.. tAsi old gentlemani with -bvhom I was acquainted in England; and who 'used in my boyish days frequently to t, tip" me and oc 'compaiy 'nme' to -the ' Circus, was' always shaking his head in a dissatisfied mariner at the clown.- - :- " '' "I'll tellyou vhat; bly " be would: say to me, as-.with his hand:on niy-shboilderi he led me safely to the paternal roof,-L-:'I'll tell you what my opinion.is :r That when you are my age the Carcus clown?will more resem. ble an undertaker than anything else; He is beconjin' less funny every day. Can the old race of clowi'hs be quite extinct i", I have often thought of this: old maun'i words,. and 'ivodered to myself at the chen;e that.has come over Circus clowns and panto. mime clowns, in fact, ;nl clowns,-evcn in the brief period over which amy metaory .ranges. You no more.,hear, the: jally old standiid jokes, over which our fathers. and grand fathers had.laughed in their boyish days; ti-d which always appeared fresh .and new, no matter how often repeated. In their place you have-set speeches, borrowed :principally frome. America,. and which, a nltliough verj smart and very' witty, dodn't half cornse up to the "ld joked of .yore. Then, -again, the clown himself is e differ'eit fellow altogether. Now.-a-days itis beneath his dignity to walk on tlhe'outside 'of'the calves of his legs, and greet the audience .with, his. well-known "Here we are again I flow d'you ldo to. tmorrow?"'- It is also infra, dig. for htim to color hlis face. n the old fashion, and we don't iwoider. at the.'Ringuriaster not address-. ing him as*' Mr. :Merryman." I. must' dis tinctly'state that in' theis remarks it' is not nimyintention nor wish to make any allusion to the 'company'at present icting in Burton's Circus--each member of which knows hir work;and does it well. Whatl say ,applies generally, and is es.likely to be the result of a change .in the' public- taste as anything else. Or perhaps I'm not 'making suflicient allowance Ior the blaed feelings with which I regard everything in the,:.ehaipeof public amusements, At all, events,' the :circus' of today is nqt,: to mymind,to be cebompared to the circus of eighteen or twenty years ago. Where is-now the drunken man who would enter the ring, persist in mounting:one of tlie horses, and, when he had ganded his point; would strip-off his clothes knmd 'nppeai n all the glory of;tights and spati~gles ?Like "ihe clown,.hle'sgone, and, I much fear, tever- to return. I am not singalar in my fancy that cirbu's performanccs, are deterior ating-on the contrary, I have heard many men of my oen age, and my seniors, express a similar opinion. So, this being the conclu sion' we have arrivind at, .we shall-say !to our grandchildren what inumcierablecgrandfathers hIave already said' ti' innumerable grand iBhildren since the' 'days ol Tariqulnius Priis cus ---" Talk about your, circus of' to-day bosh I Y?o shdeild ilave seen it wvhen I ias's boy i" 