THE PENAL SETTLEMENT OF POBT BLAIR. (Englishman, June 4 th, 1868. J We have before us the Annual Report on the Penal Settlement o/ Port Blair, the most interesting part of which—and that to which we intend to day to confine ourselves—is the account of the relations of the settlement with the aborigines. Mr. Bomfray has now succeeded in bringing under his influence, the tribes of the south and southern half of the middle Andaman, those of the north Andaman, who are said to speak a different language, alone still remaining refractory. It is remark' able that the good feeling between the Natives and ourselves thus brought about has led to the establishment of friendly relations between the different tribes who • were formerly hostile to one another. Our influence now extends over a space of some seventy miles in length by fifteen in breadth. Some years ago it was commonly believed that the Andamanese either possessed no articulate language, or at least no language sufficiently articulate to be intelligible toany but themselves.' It is now, however, evident that they possess a language of considerable complexity, and of sufficient distinctness to be reduced to writing, and acquired, without much difficulty, by auy European who chooses to give his attention to it. We cannot help thiuking it is time we had something more than the mere brief vocabulary that the official reports have hitherto furnished of tbis language, which must have special interest for philologists, though it may not be particularly useful to the worid at large. Mr. Homfray has made some progress in his knowledge of the character/and mode of thought of these strange people. He tells us that—: " Naturally the Andamanese have very great fear of strangers—a feeling, doubtless much worked upon by their having, been formerly kidnapped away and sold as slaves in distant lands.. Their fear is greatly augmented by their belief in evil spirits, and they formetly looked upon all foreigners as demons, for they could not comprehend their colour or language. Again—r" It is generally understood that they know no Supreme Being but " tbey have sume belief in a destroying spirit, and some paradise to which all who die fly to, and rest in." The report also says," They believe in ghosts, and hence fear to move about in the dark. On the death of one of their tribes, they instantly desert the encampment for fear of encountering the ghost of the deceased, returniug after a month has elapsed. One of their objects in wearing skulls and bones about their bodies is ai a talismau to protect them from auy des" troying spirit, or any mortal enemy, they may be attacked by. They regard the sun and fire not as objects of worship, but as a comfort to them in keeping their naked bodies warm, and free from insects, as also as a palliative in sickness from exposure,"—traits of character which, we would observe, present strong points of coincidence with the customs of the aborigines of Australia. They are quick-tempered, but generally harmless, only oue act of violence having been committed by the Andamanese visiting the Home, when a man killed one of his own tribe in a fit of revenge. For this act he was imprisoned for six months, during which time he became so fat, lazy, and generally happy, that notwithstanding the demonstrations of joy that accompanied > his release, we are much inclined to doubt whether the lesson, as a deterrent warning at least, was not lost upon him. The following is Mr. Homfray's report of the scene which occurred on his release. ' After explaining to the men the reason of the assemblage and wickedness of' Jim" with the puni-liment attached, and on their promising that the like would not occur again, I produced the prisoner before them in irons. At first meeting, they all fell on him with loud crying which lasted 15 minutes, overwhelming him with embrace?, and several of them were almos trembling for a while from excitement and joy. Tor three nights he gave an account of his bygone days ot confinement accompanying the recital with acting and dancicg according to their custom. Having grown very fat and lazy from his idle life, it was with great difficulty' he managed thi6, frequently being obliged to drink water and take rest. The usual crying being over, the women set to plastering him all over with red-earth and lard, which is always done to those who may be going to recite, and perform in these night dances, to prevent chill from the exposure they may go through, while heated in the dance, as also as a charm and marked decoration on the occasion His muscles had become so weak, that at times he was obliged to be supported, and in the day, so that he might complete this ceremony, they fastened leaves and cord round his body, to strengthen the muscle, and keep him from pains and cold. When this was all over, I indulged them with some refreshment, and-they then took their leave." Mr. Homfray is of opinion that the race is gradually becoming extinct. Ia 1858 he es- timated the population at about 5000 ; Nov, te does not think it is more than 3000. Children born at the Home are so far affected in physique by the partial domestication of their parents th.it invariably die soon after birth ; and Mr. Ifoinfr.iy thinks that, as a rule, few of the Andamanese live to more than forty years of age. No progress has been made in inducing these people to barter jungle-produce for food, tobacco, beads, and the like, owing greatly, it would seem, to their inability to count beyond five. 