SYNOD OF THE DIOCESE OF SYDNEY. ElliDA. THE President took the chair at half-past 3 o'clock. MINUTES. The minutes of the previous meeting were read by the clerical secretary-, and signed by the President. PETITIONS. Mr. C. LESTER presented a petition from Lieutenant Sadleir, RAIN., proposing for the consideration of the Synod the election of the Bishop by the clergy, and moved that it be received. Mr. FOWLER seconded the motion. The CHANCELLOR said he had previously remarked that it appeared to him this petition contained expressions at the least of a doubtful propriety, and it was necessary by the Synod should be very cautious how the records were made the vehicle for clusions brought before it in the shape of petitions. If a petition urged a complaint or grievance, and asked redress, by all means let the utmost tenderness be shown with regard to its reception ; but when the matter was of debatable diameter they ought to be careful how the - petition was worded, so that it should not reflect upon any portion of (the Synod. Although the wording of the petition now presented was not of a kind to commend itself to the approval of those who read it, or of the Synod in general, he did not think if would be right on account of the phraseology to refuse its reception, The Rev. G. H. MORETON thought the clergy, if desir- ing (as he believed they did not to have the election of their Bishop, might be left to put forward their own wants. Mr. R. JONES held that every member of the Church of England was entitled to the right of petition in reference to matters connected with the interests and conduct of the Church, and as it was the practice in the British Parliament and other British Legislatures to receive petitions almost as a matter of course, unless there was strong ground of objection, he was at a loss to see what possible difficulty there could be in receiving that now presented, The petition was received. The Rev. W. J. GUNTHER presented a petition from himself, IIB incumbent of St. John's parish, Parramatta, protesting against the assessment on that parish, for the land in lieu of that from marriage fees. The Rev. W. STACK, on a point of order, submitted that no member was entitled to present a petition from himself to the body of which he formed a part. The PRESIDENT was not aware that a member of the Synod had not a right to petition, The REGISTRAR had serious doubts as to the propriety of a member presenting a petition from himself, when he had a right to bring forward a grievance fire voce, and to address the Synod upon it. Mr. R. JONES thought it a very novel proceeding, but if there was an irregularity it was merely in the presentation of the petition by the petitioner, and not as to the right of petitioning. The CHANCELLOR quoted Burke's Parliamentary Prove dents to shew that a member might send in a petition, but that it must be presented by some other member. Mr. A. L. M'DOVOALL was then about to present the petition, when The DEAN objected that he had not, according to rule, made himself acquainted with the contents. The petition was then signed by Mr. M'Dougall, in addition to the signature of Mr. Gunther, so as to render it presentable by either, but on investigation by the President, it was: found to contain no prayer, and therefore was withdrawn. TIIIBUXAL ORDINANCE. The order of the day for the second reading of this ordinance being called on, The Rev. G. H. MORETON said he ventured to think that of all subjects ever brought before the Synod, or that would be brought before it, tins which now occupied its attention was the most important in point of gravity. It was for the trial of clergymen and lost his brethren reflect s upon the solemn vows all had taken upon themselves. They had declared that they were inwardly moved by the Holy Ghost to take upon themselves the ministerial office. This ordinance supposed a clergyman, either from misapprehension, or malicious report, or actual sin, or in point of morality, so far to have forgotten his high and sacred duties as to be no longer worthy of discharging them, or that his teaching had become such that, instead of building up the flock committed to his charge he had poisoned them with the noxious weeds of heresy. Again, it supposed that the clergyman had forgotten that he was ordained a minister of the Reformed Church, and had gone back to those ritualistic practices which prevailed in the middle ages, and which the venerable reformers of the Church fought against even unto death. He thought, therefore, there could be no travor subject brought before the Synod than that which had to do with a clergyman standing in this position. It appeared to him that whatever might appear to be the differences of opinion on the subject, there was a means whereby they could arrive at a happy solution, and something like unanimity. He took it for granted that in one respect they were agreed, and that was that there might be a painful necessity for a tribunal of some kind or other. There was a difference when they came to detail, some being of opinion that such a tribunal as that proposed was the most desirable, others, holding that we required no tribunal at all, and that if any clergyman were accused of being immoral, heretical in teaching, or superstitious in his practices, the proper tribunal for dealing with him was the Bishop. He would not discuss this question in its legal or ecclesiastical bearings, his previous training not having enabled him to deal with it in that relation ; but he would say that the President as their diocesan had placed them there in an unsatisfactory position in this matter. Speak- ing on his own behalf and that of his brethren, he might say that his Lordship had not only their fullest confidence but the deepest affection of their hearts, and further, that if from his own falling off ho were found guilty of dereliction of duty in any of the particulars mentioned in this ordinance he should immeasurably prof er submitting his case to his Lordship than to any tribunal that this Synod, or any other, might form. But he could not close his eyes to the great fact that his Lordship like themselves was mortal, and that his seat might be hereafter occupied by another, and he pictured to himself the consequence of having one who went to the other extreme. He ventured to say those who urged that no other tribunal was necessary might be devoutly thankful that there was some one to shield them from their Bishop, instead of having one to go to as to a father and a friend. He therefore thought some such tribunal was absolutely necessary for the competent and efficient working of the Church in this colony. But he thought it ought to be formed upon a wider basis than that of a diocesan Synod and while it was very desirable that the matter should be thoroughly ventilated, so as to arrive at the different views entertained on it, they should not allow the ordinance to pass until there was a provincial Synod. There was, he thought, a slight appearance of a small amount of hurry in this matter. The ordinance did not give us much more than we already possessed. In the event of a clergyman having surmises against his moral character it enabled his Lordship to summon a certain number of gentlemen to act as investigators upon the charges. If his memory served him rightly, there were instances of investigations in this diocese sometimes regarding the character or proceedings of the clergy, or as to the amount of repair necessary for a parsonage, and in all those instances there had been something like a commission of inquiry, and he thought his Lordship determined upon the report of the commissioners. In this respect, therefore, the tribunal absolutely gave us " nothing, for it afforded no court of appeal. Why did not the Synod meet years before it did He thought the reason was, that it was the wish of those who were endeavouring to promote synodical action to have a Synod not only in the diocese of Sydney, but also another of the provinces of New South Wales. We found when this great event was being brought about, conferences were held in each of the dioceses, and in those conferences there were certain fundamental Constitutions brought up; yet they did not go to Parliament with separate Constitutions, but these were submitted to a provincial conference. That Provincial Conference deliberated upon those fundamental principles and submitted them to Parliament, for there were certain matters of detail in which the dioceses of Sydney and Goulburn took one course and the diocese of Iv'ewenstlo took another. Subsequently the results of these deliberations were legalised by means of a bill. He thought it would be advisable to take a somewhat similar course in the matter of this tribunal that was taken in obtaining the Constitution under which this Synod sat. The tribunal ordinance would be discussed on a broader basis by a Provincial than by a Diocesan Synod. Matters of very great importance would have to be decided by the tribunal, and for this reason he should like to see the question submitted to a Provincial Synod. One great advantage of having this matter determined by a Provincial Synod would be that there would be one uniform mode of proceeding in all the dioceses in the colony. In criminal, < civil, and equity cases, one uniform practice prevailed in the courts of law, except in the courts of India, the Cape, and the Provinces of Canada and he thought there should be uniformity of practice in the ecclesiastical courts. If a different practice prevailed in the different dioceses, it was exceedingly likely that what would be considered venal in one diocese would be considered meritorious in another. One great objection to the ordinance itself was, that it did not provide for any appeal. It had been suggested to him that there were certain legal difficulties in the way of providing a court of appeal, but it appeared to him that if the Synod had power to create one tribunal, it had power to create another. A dei gyman against whom the tribunal had declared would have the right to appeal to her Majesty in Council; but the great expense would be an almost' insuperable difficulty in the way of prosecuting such an appeal. With regard to the argument of Mr. Foster, that a Board of directors possessed the power to deprive their employers of office and emoluments, it seemed to him that that argument was more in favour of his (Mr. Moreton's) view of the matter than it was in support of the view of the gentle men who used it. The Board of directors of a company were analogous to the Government, and it must be recollected that each department was under the control of a minister or other officer, and in either of the subordinate officers had any grievance ho, in the first instance, laid it before the head of the department, and if he did not obtain justice he then appealed to the Executive Council. In the same way he thought a clergyman condemned by the tribunal should be allowed to appeal to the Provincial Synod. He intended to vote for the second reading of the bill, in order that it may go into committee and be amended so as to embody the views of the majority of the members of this Synod; but he should vote against the third reading, because he desired the man or to be referred to the Provincial Synod, and if the third reading was agreed to the kill would be carried and the tribunal established without appeal. If we did not allow the bill to go into committee he thought it would be better to reject it altogether, because he thought it ought not to be sent to n Provincial Synod in its present shape. It was necessary for them to come to some decision on the matter, in order that the Provincial Synod might know what views were held on the subject by the majority of the members of this Synod. He desired to see the matter put into such a shape that the Provincial Synod might know clearly what were the views of the members of this Synod upon the question ; but that no legislation in regard to it should take place until it had been under the consideration of the Provincial Synod. The Rev. Dr. Tuciíüit said he should certainly vote for the second reading of (ho Tribunal Ordinance. This ordinance was not, as stated by Mr. Darley, to enable the Bishop to do something, to confer power upon him, to take power from him, or to compel him to punish a nor was it for the purpose of of creating a coercive jurisdiction. It was proposed therefore the matter to a Provincial Synod ; but what was the constitution of this so-called Provincial Synod ? _ The title of " Provincial Synod " was a delusion and a claim in connection with a certain argument. It was no into ecclesiastical Synod at all. It was simply an association of three dioceses in New South Wales for certain separator and defined purposes. A purely ecclesiastical Synod was an association of all the dioceses within a metropolitan see. (Hear, hear.) Instead of dealing with this matter themselves, It was proposed to send the question for decision to two smaller dioceses to a Synod composed of three Bishops, eighteen clergymen, and the Home number of laymen, the majority of whom would-be farmers from the Hunter and vignerons from the Murray, who were not interested in it, and who were in no way so competent to deal with it as the standing committee of this Synod. The present Synod was as competent to deal with the matter as any Synod could be, and it would be an insult to every diocese in New South Wales to refer it to the so-called Provincial Synod. The legal argument was that we had not the power to pass this tribunal, but that we should send it to another Synod. What he would suggest was to negative by all means the amendment, but if they could not all agree upon the ordinance itself if a majority desired to postpone the matter, so as to have some matters connected with it put before them a little more clearly he should be prepared to vote with them to negative the second reading. At present the matter was in an unsatisfactory condition, and it was highly desirable to come to some determination in regard to it. We had recently had here n Bishop whose memory we justly revered, one whose sudden removal from amongst us by death is one that high office for which he appeared to be so eminently qualified, had been felt to be the subject of universal regret, and a serious loss to the colony at large. To this Bishop, of whom he desired to speak with the greatest possible respect, we had given the title of Bishop of Grafton and Armidale, but that prelate's ecclesiastical position had not been so clearly defined as some appeared to suppose, as a suffragan Bishop, in connection with the Metropolitan See of Sydney. That Bishop had not taken any oath of canonical obedience to the Metropolitan Bishop here present. The oath he had taken was an oath of canonical obedience not to the BOO of Sydney, but to the BOO of Canterbury he was properly not a Bishop of Grafton and Armidale but the Bishop of the United Church of England and Ireland in Australia. The fact was that the exact legal position of the suffragan Bishops in Australia as to the Metropolitan Seo in those parts was something that was yet very far from determined. Regarding the right, however, of the Church in each see to make all due regulation of their diocesan affairs, there could be no doubt whatever, and no argument could reasonably be urged why that right should not be exercised. The regulation of the officers of the Church in that diocese by the Synod now in session was something which was clearly within their right, and they ought to be fully prepared to exercise it, irrespective of what might he the views of Churchmen and clergymen in the adjacent dioceses. And saying this, that he might not be misunderstood, he wished" to say a few words as to the unity of action, which might or might not be possible to secure, and the general unity of the Church. The work of the Church in the details of its diocesan character might be carried out in a very different manner in all the different dioceses of Australia, and the most perfect unity of the Church he yet preserved as regarded doctrine, and all that was essential to their discipline. We might have every diversity of opinion as to the carrrying out of the work of the Church, and yet that diversity might rather tend to general union in their common faith than otherwise.. All the different dioceses had this diversity, and all, he hoped, would maintain it, none proposing to infringe upon the liberty of the other in the management of its own concerns. In most other matters but this the reasonableness and equity of that principle seemed to be generally received and understood. During the whole of the discussion, for example, of the constitution of the Cathedral which had recently taken place in that Synod, no question that he had heard, had been raised as to what were the steps which had been taken in,, regard to the establishment of cathedrals at Melbourne, at Adelaide, and at Hobart Town. No question had been asked her as to what had been done there in regard to the settlement of the Chapters (here, nor did it seem likely to be supposed that the common unity of the Church created any necessity whatever for unity in those things. It would have excited a smile had it been urged by any one that any difference between what we agreed upon here and what had been settled there would be the slightest interruption to the unity of the Church. We did not consider our differences in such respects at all opposed to unity, nor did we inquire what had been done elsewhere. At Melbourne, provision had been made in their Chapter for Archdeacons, and for the "Chief Justice in perpetuity ; " arrangements which were reasonable enough there, but which would here, at Sydney, he thought altogether inappropriate. They could deal with matters which concerned themselves, and which other dioceses had already dealt with for themselves, and they ought to be prepared to do so. They were quite competent to create a tribunal, although they could not create what was properly speaking, a Court. They did not desire to do so. He called upon them to create the tribunal which they most certainly had the power to create, and he asked them not to stultify themselves by refusing to act for themselves-preferring virtually fo go to the two smallest dioceses in Australia, and to defer to them, because certain lay and clerical gentlemen were associated with their two Bishops, and because the assembly BO deferred to had been dignified by the name of the Provincial Synod." The Rev. A Doctor was greeted with general cheering as he resumed his seat. The Rev. W. STACK thought it high time that they should confine their discussion to some recognised limit, as ; it had already taken a rather wide range. He intended to vote for the second reading of the ordinance, and should briefly state why he intended to do so. To him it appeared that the effect of the amendment would only be to postpone the consideration of the subject for a few months, and he thought that they ought to be prepared to deal with it at once. He fully appreciated the singular power and eloquence of the speech of the Rev. Dr. Tucker, but feared that it was calculated to confuse some minds as to what was now before the Synod. If it had been delivered at a later period in the ' consideration of the bill, it would perhaps have been of greater practical utility. He dissented from the line of argument which had been followed by Mr Darley, and thought that the reasoning of that learned gentleman had taken a wrong direction. He seemed to him, throughout his speech, brilliant as it was, to have used the terms "Courts" and "Tribunals" as if they were controversial terms and to have dwelt on "coercive jurisdiction as if that were claimed under the ordinance. The standing committee had never dreamed of forming any such a Court. He had, he confessed, been impressed by some of the arguments and difficulties presented by Mr. Daley, but Mr. Foster had cleared them all away. He made it all perfectly clear, and he (Mr. Stack was quite satisfied with the state of the question as shewn, and their ability to proceed. Their duty was to carry out the Church of England here as well as they possibly could, making it as near as they could to what it was in England. The rev. gentleman went on to contend that the position was not correct, that the Bishops in the ancient Church did not consult with their prcBbyters. They did so always, and on all matters. The history of the ancient Church relied on ought to be road as a whole, studied in all its parts. In reading it all the different states of the Church, from ago to ago were to be considered. They appreciated the difficulties that existed, and saw the necessity that there was to remedy them. EVENING SITTING. SPECIAL AlMOCllKMENT. On the motion of Mr. JONES it was agreed. that the Synod at its rising do adjourn till- 7 o'clock on Monday evening. TIUIIVXAL OBIIIKAXOE. The DEAN of SYDNEY stated that he rose to support the second reading of the Ordinance, and to oppose the amendment. He would remind the Synod that they had had the subject of a Tribunal Ordinance before them in one way or another for the last eleven years. The question was one of those which pressed itself upon the mind of the members of the Church before and at the time of the first conference, and in a draft ordinance submitted to the conference there was a clause providing that the Synod should have the power to establish a tribunal for the trial of ecclesiastical offences. In the evidence taken before the Select Committee of the Legislative Council on that subject, it was stated to be the general wish of the clergy that such a tribunal should be established, and the Bishop of Sydney stated that he entirely concurred in the view, being desirous of obtaining relief from his invidious position of being the sole trier of those who might he accused of ecclesiastical offences, and that it was desirable he should be assisted by the clergy and laity of the diocese. His Honor the Chief Justice, who was also examined before that committee, stated that he did not coincide in all respects with the Synod Bill adopted by the Conference ; but yet, among the objections he had, we did not find any reference to the clause intended to provide a tribunal ordinance for trying ecclesiastical offenders. We found, indeed, that his Honor accepted that clause with one reservation, and that was in reference to the proposal to give the tribunal the power of examining witnesses upon oath. This his Honor did not think desirable, and he thought also there should not be the power of compelling attendance. The Chief Justice was therefore a witness in support of the clause for the establishment of a tribunal of the nature of that now being considered. Then there was the evidence of the Chancellor of the diocese (Mr. A. Gordon), in which we found an expression of the general desire entertained by the members of the Conference for the establishment of such a tribunal. Then there was clear and indisputable testimony that the desire was general among the clergy, and that the Bishop participated in it. There was agreement between the three Bishops, as well PS among the clergy and Inilj, that cichDiocsan Synod should have the power of establishing a tribunal similar in character to that now proposed for the diocese It was not (been contemplated that there should be a reference to a Provincial Synod After the constitutions were agreed upon, the three dioceses applied to the Legislature for bill to legalise them, and thus give to each Synod the power of spirits an 1 independent action with regard to this matter, and he would ask, Was there then any voice raised against it : Did any in or out of the Conference contend that there should be a reference to the Provincial Synod 1 Whence, then, came this new light displayed by many of his brethren There appeared no more reason for it now flinn there did three years ago, and he had not heard any , sufficient ground for taking a course different from that adopted them He agreed with Dr Tucker, that it was unnecessary and inexpedient in the highest degree to refer this ordinance to the Provincial Synod It would be a confession of our incompetency to deal with the matter, and would lower the character and status of the Synod before the community It would present it similarity to school- boys with a problem to solve going to their schoolfellows to solve it for them It would, too, be indirectly giving to the Provincial Synod a power never intended to be conferred on it and which in the Conference was carefully guarded against They constituted a provincial Synod merely as a body to which appeals, and not questions of this character, should be sub- mitted We were told the Tribunal Ordinance was antagonistic to the prerogatives of the Bishop, and calculated to deprive him of that which was inherent in his office, and in support of that assertion reference was made to the pre- face to our Prayer Book, which they were told, was part of the Liturgy the Church of England, binding upon all as clergymen That passage, however, had no reference whatever to the matter, but simply referred to the interpre- tation of the Rube Then his rev friend (air Palmer) in support of the views he entertained also referred us to Bingham and the " Ctmesitios, as they were called of Ecclesiastical History" He (the Doon) had also refreshed his memory on the subject, and had turned to Bingham to see how far his rev friend was borne out with regard to his view of those high prerogatives of the episcopal office It appeared to him, when his rev friend was quoting this writer, that Bingham wits maintaining a clear and strong view of the office of Bishop, as distinguished from the office of Presbyter, when he said the Bishop novel imparted to others the high prerogatives of his office to those of a lower order With regard to problems, Bingham said they were called in by the Bishop as assistants, counsellors, or assessors To be Bingham said with regard to the inherent rights of the episcopal office was perfectly consistent with what he said as to the presby tors being called in as counsellors and assistants Ino arguments of his rev friend (Mr Palmer) went to show that the Bishop must do everything himself, and that he could not take them as counsellors or assessors in thctiialof ecclesiastical offences the gist of his age ment being indeed to leave the episcopal office in the dangerous position (as stated by Mr Stack in a later period of the Christian Church, and which led to corruption which they all deplored Hooker seemed to be much of the same opinion as Bineham, for he spoke of the Bishop and Presbytery together governing the Church, and of their being counsellors and assistants to the Bishop, and as a case in point he referred to Cyprian, who h and asserted his determination to do nothing of his own judgment without the counsel of the press tors, and the consent of the people Therefore the rev gentleman's reference to Bingham and Hoe ker did not gain all the weight he attributed to them. It was the practice of the primitive Church for the clergy and lively to become counsellors of the bishop and they were invited to assist him in the exercise of his office on matters of great moment to the Church, and he held that this was in strict in accordance with holy Scripture Why should this ordinance be sent to the Prov racial Synod ' If it needed amendment it could be amended in committee Under its operation, the Bishop would still have his rightful position He was to be President of the tribunal, would pronounce (ho sentences, audit was dearly and convincingly shown by Mr 1 ostor that those who were called in to assist the Bishop were in a position analogous to that of a man who died criminal and civil cases brought before them. The Bishop would in no way be divested of his proper pro negatived by such a tribunal It should not be forgotten that we lived in the nineteenth century, and had had ex portion of past ages to guide us in the matter and when we were told that the tribunal ordinance was contrary to the fundamental laws and principles of the Church of England, he must take leave to question such an assertion in face of the fact that the clergy the Church of England at home when cora miltiiig[ecdcsinsticnl offences, were tried under an Act which had been framed in the present reign, the Church Discipline Act having been passed by the British Path i ment in 1810 It was to be supposed that this repelled all previous Acts for the trial of ecclesiastical offenders, and that the experience of past ages was brought to bear on the question when the Act was under consideration Under such favourable circumstances it was found that such a mode as that now proposed was the best for dealing with such offences, and he should i rather be guided by the experience, learning, and ecclesiastic of wisdom of the Mother Church than by any " Ecclesiastical Curiosities that might be dug up by those who searched into i Id books having reference to the early days. He contended that this diocese was capable of managing its own all ms, limit ought to do so, and that it v ildboguiltv of a dereliction of duty if it did not do so they were perfectly t able of dealing with this question now He wished in conclusion to say that, in justice to the diocesan, who desired to be relieved from the invidious position in which by present law he was placed, in justice to the diocese which for many vc is bad ought the establishment of such number is for the time of ecclesiastical offences, to promote the poacoofth« Chin cb and to satisfy those who held doubts on the queen, he earnestly trusted this Synod would allow the ordinance to go to a second reading, and that eventually it would become the law of the Church in this diocese Mr W BARKER regarded the question is trades as the statement contained in the pi camble, as to the desirability of establishing such a tribunal, free, or were the clergy confers with the present state of things, and required no alteration? If the amendment were coined, it would have practically the same effect as if the previous question had been passed in the negative, it would, in fact, short of the question All that the amendment purported to do was to have But flier discussion on the matter, and contemplated that it be referred to the Provincial Synod, not for the purpose of making provision for the tribunal, but for further deliberation, by a body corn used exactly of those elementary this Synod, clergy and laity If it was considered an inherent right of the Ending tones without assistants, of what avail was it that the Synod was now met together to CDIHO to the matter more immediately under discussion, were they satisfied with the present state of things, nor did they desire to have some tribunal 9 He submitted that all those who desired to have some tribunal should vote against the amendment, because if they adopted the amendment they would thereby throwing out the bill If the bill were passed, the clergy would have every safeguard provided for them that the clergy in England had, except the compulsory bringing in of w witnesses and the power to administer an oath We had no power to administer an oath, but that respect we were in the same position as every other Church The learned gentleman then proceeded to read extracts from the Church Discipline Act of England, and to compare its provisions with those of the bill before the Synod, pointing out that in England an offending clergy - man was tried publicly, and bones, no muttering innocent he may be, ran the risk of having his character mo parably ruined, hold the inquiry would not be public Also fiat ample provision was made for giving notice to the clergyman against whom a charge was preferred of the intention to make on inquiry Every proviso to secure justice to the clergy had been provided for In England the assessors were appointed by the bishop, hero the clergyman would select his own triers Moreover, he would have the pay allege of Appearing personally before thonssossoisor being heard by an advocate The English Act had been closely followed in framing this bill, and where there was any difference, the diOlronco had been made in favour of those who would come under its operation Under the present state of things, the Bishop may cite a clergyman to appear before him at Bishopscourt, on the Registry Office, the Bishop may call upon him to show cause why his license should not be withdrawn, and the whole matter was entirely in the hands of the Bishop, from whose decision there was no appeal His hon friend Mr Dalley had unintentionally misled the Synod in some respects That learned gentleman contended that we had no power to create a tribunal of the kind sought to be established, but if he had read (so judgment delivered in the case of Long v. the Bishop of Capetown, he would have seen that a Synod constituted as this was, was fully competent to form such a tribunal It had been argued that it was not expedient to pass this Ordinance, but to refer it to another boat to talk over it, but this body alluded to would not only talk over it, but would make a final determination in regard to it, as it was entitled to do under its constitution We could not refer it to that body with the expectation that they would talk over it and refer it back to this Synod again, for each diocese to act differently with regard to the unanimity that was said to be desirable in the different dioceses, it would be seen upon reference to the ordinance that a diversity of practice was specially provided for It was not at all likely that unanimity would flow from this proposed reference to Provincial Synod InfraininD This ordinance the farmers had sought to provide for carrying out the discipline of the Church in strict conformity with the laws of the Church of England. The ordinance had not been prepared at the instance of laymen, but in compliance with thcdnmouis of the clergy, and if they now adopte 1 the amendment it would be said that the clergy were blessed with the present state of things, and that they had got rid of the ordinance by a side wind If the Sv and desired to have a tribunal they should agree to the second reading, and they would have the assistance of those members of the legal profession who were present to make it as perfect as possible in committee, and he felt certain that the Chancellor would give his best attention to every suggestion that might be made to him The Rev G N Woods said he objected to the ordinance in ever point of view in which it could be considered No Court of Appeal was provided, there was no power of compelling the attendance of w diseases, nor any 1 power of punishing perjury it dethroned the Bishop and made him an executioner (Laughter) He had come to Sydney purposely to vote against it, and he should do all he could to prevent its passing Mr Wn HINBON sim he should vote against the amendment, although he was hardly prepared to support the second reading of the ordinance It would be absurd to adopt the amendment The Provincial Synod would be superior to this Synod anditwoull be absurd to suppose that that Synod would consider the question, and then Fond it back to an inferior Synod for determination. there had been three decisions on the Church of England in the colonies, and the first and second of these decisions had been so to speak, destructive of the opinion of Churchmen on the position of the Church in the colonies; The third had been, so to speak, constructive. The only question in considering this tribunal was, whether it is contrary to the law of the Church of England, and opposed to the ordinary rules of justice. If it was in accordance with the laws of that Church, and with those ordinary rules, the argument of Mr. Darley, that they could not create such a tribunal, fell to the ground. The very judgment that Mr. Darley had relied upon, recognised such a Zoila demonstrate in the hands of the Bishop. It could not avoid doing so. Now it was clearly desirable that there should be some machinery by which the power so existent in the hands of the Bishop might be conveniently exercised, and a scandal such as that which had existed in Natal be effectually prevented. It was only sought by this change, that the jurisdiction of the bishop, existent in that officer in the Church, might best be carried into effect. Perhaps a power of appeal, such as had not been provided by the ordinance, might be conceded by the Imperial Parliament if asked for and, pending the issue of any attempt to obtain that power, it might perhaps be a question whether it would not be expedient to postpone any legislation in this colony on the subject. The state of the Church of Ireland at \- home with regard to the Church of England was also such as to make it a matter of consideration whether it would not, be better to defer any action for the present. There were other considerations which looked the same way. The Rev-. THOMAS SMITH rose to support the principle of the amendment, and thought the best way that he could support that principle would be to vote for the second reading of the bill. Except the Rev G. N. Woodd away clerical member of that Synod was in favour of the establishment of such a tribunal. He had not heard a single argument against the ordinance. The objection that an appeal was not provided thereby, was one of no force ; bccHUso if there was any right of appeal the non-provision for it here would not take away that right. He denied that the jurisdiction over the presbyters was lost, as the Rev. Mr. Lumsdaine thought it was, or ought to be, in the hands of the Bishop. The Rev. GEORGE KING said he should vote for the ordinance now before them as a whole. There WBR a modification or two in it, which he should like to see made, his, he supposed that such alteration would be made in it in committee. In regard to the objection about the appeal, he would remind members of the Synod that the constitution did, in effect, provide that the same right of appeal should be which existed at present. He suggested that an appeal should lie to the Provincial Synod. [The Rev. Mr. GUIINKY: What Synod r] He should certainly vote for the second reading of the ordinance. Mr. R JONES thought that the Synod were under very great obligations to Mr. Darley for the very masterly speech made by him last night. He had listened to it with great pleasure and profit, and felt personally obliged to that gentleman, Mr. Darley had contended that the Synod had no power to create any coercive jurisdiction, and in this he (Mr. R, Jones) fully concurred. That Synod had no powers outside what had been given to them by state, and the Synod had no power to exercise olive coercive jurisdiction whatever. He held this, but he did not agree the conclusion to which Mr. Darley had arrived. Although the Letters Patent did not give coercive jurisdiction, it was clear to him that they had a right to this Court of triers. The triers would simply put the Bishop in the way of exercising powers not to be given by this ordinance, but already given by him by the Legislature. There was no power and no endeavour to deprive the presbyters of any rights they possessed, and he thought Mr. Darley had hardly studied the ordinance itself with sufficient care or he would have observed that if did not seek to erect a court or coercive jurisdiction, or to impair the right of appeal to the common law Courts of the country, or to those beyond. The Dean had conclusively shown the inapplicability of the quotation made by the Rev. Mr. Palmer from the Preface to the Prayer Book, and as to the authority of Bingham and Hooker however high, there was an authority higher, and he maintained that the existing law of the Church of England and Ire- land was more binding upon us than even the practice of the Primitive Church. In reference to the ordinance itself its effect was simply to give to the Presbytery the Church of England of this diocese (he protection which all British subjects enjoyed in the Courts of law and it would be difficult to find a body of triers who would really be less open to exception ; they would be the chosen men of this Synod. The tribunal which would be created under this ordinance would be superior to that which exists. Why should the ordinance be referred to the Provincial Synod, which had no larger powers than this? and he "could not understand why, if we had not the legal power to pass the ordinance, it should be sent to a Synod with less legal power. The Provincial Synod would be constituted of the name contents as the conference which pronounced an opinion on the clause which gave power to archdiocese to establish such tribunals as that provided for in this ordinance. He thought for this Synod was better qualified to decide upon this question than the Provincial Synod, and he objected to handing over to that Synod questions which we were entitled to decide and as competent to decide as they were Entertaining these views he should support the second reading. In explanation Mr. DARLEY said he had contended that neither this Synod nor the Provincial Synod hail power to pass This ordinance, but said that if he was mistaken in this view then he held the Provincial Synod was more fitted to deal with if. 1 be On ANCELon, in reply to some of the arguments of Mr. Darley, maintained that the Synod had the power to pass the ordinance and in exercising it," was not going beyond the authority conferred upon it by the Constitution and by the Act which affected that Constitution. The ordinance did not, as the learned gentleman conceived, create a Court or coercive jurisdiction, or stock to enable the Bishop to suspend or deprive a clergyman of his license. We were just in the same position as early bishops of the Christian Church; and, in this colony, no Bishop had had coercive jurisdiction. The Synod was asked to do that which the Constitutions enabled it to do, and contemplated being done. The object of the ordinance was to form a machinery for inquiring; into any alleged offences committed by a clergy- man, instead of an inquiry being made by the Bishop himself. He hoped the Synod would decide to-night whether they would have the tribunal or not. To send it to the Provincial Synod for the members of that body to talk about it and then send it back to this Synod, was a course which he trusted the Synod would have more wisdom than to agree to. This Synod had had this matter under consideration during the last eighteen months, and know something about it and he thought it was high time that some determination should be arrived at in regard to it, without waiting for the diocese of Goulburn or Novvcostio either. (Hear, hear.) He concluded by urging upon the Synod the propriety and the necessity of rejecting the amendment of Mr. Palmer, and affirming the second reading of the bill. The Rev. J. C.- CORLETTE, amid cries of Time," rose to support the amendment. He disagreed entirely with the Rev. Dr. Tucker in that gentleman's remarks on the character of the Provincial Synod. He thought the opinion of that body would be most valuable to this Synod in coming to a decision on this question. The rev. gentleman concluded by loading some extracts from Lord Romily's judgment, to show that a change of discipline might lead to a change of doctrine, and might result in a large number of people disconnecting themselves from the Church. The PRESIDENT said it appeared to him that there had been an entire misapprehension of the question before the Synod 11 seemed to be forgotten that the Bishop had the power to delegate what power he possessed, and this would only be a delegation of his powers to others. The only difference would be that, instead of being tried by' ecclesiastics, an offending clergyman should be tried by laymen. He considered that the tribunal which it was intended to bring into existence was simply to define the mode by which an offending clergyman should be tried ; and the tribunal itself was in strict analogy with existing institutions at home. With regard to the effect of the amendment, it would, if agreed to, defeat the object they had in view. it would; in his opinion, be very ungracious not to allow this ordinance, which had been carefully prepared by the standing committee, to go to a second reading. He did not think that the tribunal should be brought into existence by a Provincial Synod, and he, for one, as a member of that Provincial Synod, should refuse to entertain it, and he should recommend the pres- byers and clergy not to waste their time on a question on which they could come to no practical determination. He hoped, therefore, they would in the clearest possible manner sanction the second reading. The question was then put,-" That the words proposed to be omitted stand part of the question." The Synod divided with the following result : Arrests clergy 32 laymen. Noes 12 clergy ; 5 laymen. Majority-By the clergy, 0 by the laymen, 30, The amendment was, therefore, lost. Mr. DARLEY claimed his right to move the previous question. Mr. It. JONES, as a matter of order, contended that the previous question could not be put. The question was then put, " that the Ordinance be read a second time," and the motion was agreed to without division. The Ordinance was read a second time, and the committal ordered to stand an order of the day for Monday next. The Synod, adjourned at a quarter to 11 o'clock, until Monday evening next, at 7 o'clock. i,... i i i Tur, DISENDOSVMENT or THE Iitisn Cituito».-Tho Roman Review of the 13th June contains the following : -"The Congregationalists of Surrey, at their annual meeting at Richmond on Tuesday, 9th June, unanimously passed the following resolution with regard to the present position of the Irish Church : ' That this union, believing that the establishment of the Church of England in Ireland is not only inimical to the peace and prosperity of that country, but obstructs the progress of Protestantism, and is otherwise injurious to religion, greatly- rejoices at the recent action of the House of Commons, having in view the impartial disendowment of all religious denomina- tions in Ireland. That it requests the chairman and score tarieS to sign the following petition to the House of Commons, and also expresses the earnest hope that, at the approaching general election, Nonconformists will every- where SO discharge their duties as citizens as to ensure the return of a Parliament pledged to carry to a triumphant issue the policy which Mr. Gladstone has so courageously initiated.' This is important as showing the feelings which animate the minds of the members, of the more influential religious bodice this question," 