HIGH SCHOOL. ANNUAL DISTRIBUTION OP PRIZES. The annual distribution of prizes, and the readin" of the report of the working of the establishment for the past year, took place yesterday afternoon. There was as usual a large assemblage of the parents and friends of the pupils, and of the influential portion of our citizens, who take a great interest in the progress of this our chief educational establishment. His Excellency Colonel Gore Browne occupied the chair, and there were also present the hon. T. D. Ci i 1 "i. LV., •Mon:;i.t T.'-ns'i-vr ; Un. "V. L. Dobio i, Attorney-General • li"»n. F. II. Imies, E^g., President of the L3^islative Cyuuci! ; hon. P. O. S-'ysh, ii3q. M.L.C., W. S. Sharland Esq., M.L.O. hon. T . Poster Esq., il.L.O., Capt. Steward, Private Secretary to his Excellency. Rev, George Clarke, Rev. Arthur Davenport, Rev. J. W. Simmons, Dr. Aguew, H. MunroeHull, Esq., J. C. M'C. Browne, Esq,,:Capt. Warren, R. E. Farquhar, Esq., P. and O. Co., and a number of other gentlemen. The hall was crowded with ladies, including Mrs. Gore Browne. The gentlemen forming the Council of the School were seated round the Governor. The boys' of the school were seated on raised benches at the end of the school-room. The Rector of the school, the Rev. R.D. P. Harris shortly after the arrival of the Governor, opened the proceedings' "by reading the 25th chapter of Psalms, and the following prayer :—" Almighty and Everlasting God, who hast safely brought us to the beginning of this day, defend us in the same with Thy mighty power, and grant that this day we fall into no sin, neither run into any kind of danger. Preserve us from all unholy affections and unbecoming actions. Deliver us from pride and envy, froih falsehood and hypocrisy, from profane and irreverent use of Thy holy name; hasty or - idle words, from all hardness of heart, and from the deceitfulness of sin. Enable us faithfully and diligently to discharge the proper duties of our several callings. Give us a teachable and submissive disposition ; and in all our doings this day, prevent us, we beseech .Thee, with Thy continual help. • Endue us with Thy heavenly grace; prosper us with all happiness ; direct, sanctify, and govern both our hearts and bodies in. the ways of Thy laws, and in the works of Thy commandments, that through Thy most mighty protection, both here and ever, we may be preserved in body and soul, and may so pass through things temporal, that we lose not finally things Eternal. We beseech Thee also to bless and defend our country. Pour out thy spirit upon all ranks. Satisfy our poor with bread, and comfort the hearts of the needy; and more especially we would commend to Thy faithful goodness all our relatives and friends ; comfort such as are in affliction, sickness or pain ; give them patience under their trials and a happy issue out of them. Together with their own su2>plications and prayers, accept our humble and hearty thanks for all the spiritual and temporal blessings which Thou hast conferred upon us; and, we beseech Thee, give us that due sense of all Thy mercies, that, our hearts may be unfeignedly thank- •ful, arid that we show forth Thy praise, not only with our lips, but in our lives, by giving up ourselves to Thy service, and by walking before Thee in holiness and righteousness all our days, through Jesus Christ our Lord, to whom with Thee,: and tie Holy Ghost, be all honour and Glory, world wiihout end, Amen. During the reading of the prayer the large assembly all knelt down, and the Rev. Mr. Harris -ended with the Lord's Prayer. -The-following report "was then Tead by the Rector:— To -TH£ CHAIRMAN AND MEMBERS OF THE COUNCIL o» THE-HIGH SCHOOL; GENTLEMEN, I beg leave to lay before you my report of the annual examination of the pupils under my care. In conducting it I haw had the aid of my colleagues, and of two former pupils of the school who have kindly rendered me very valuable assistance, viz., Mr. J. Mitchell. A. A., and the newly-elected Tasmanian scholar Mr. M. Fearnley, A. A. In presenting yon with the results of the examination, I commence from the first or lowest .form. This consists of very young boys, and their work is of an elementary character. It is chiefly reading, spelling, dictation, and the earlier rules of arithmetic. In addition to these subjects they learn geography and English history, and they have all made some little progress in the Latin accidence. The younger Butler is decidedly the first in this class, both in his years' marks and in the examination. I shall promote him at' the commencement of next year. EL Chapman was first in arithmetic and gets a, second examination prize. Perry stood well in the years' marks. Giblin and Sharland were both at a disadvantage from having besn absent from great part of the year. ] n the •econd form the subjects of study are the same as in the first, but the boys are further advanced. H. Clarke, who has not usually stood very high on the class list, has surprised me by taking the best place in the examination; a result due to his marked superiority to the other boys in the English subjects, viz., grammar, geography, and history. In each of these he passedan admirable examination. He obtains the principal examination prize Harbroe, who has held the head of his class during nearly the whole year, gains the mark prize. In addition to this he has gained a second examination prize as being first in Latin. Wise and Crisp were bracketed as first in their arithmetic examination. Each of them accordingly, is entitled to a prize. Wise also passed a good examination in most of his subjects, while Crisp deserves credit as being the second in the years' marks. Edwards merits favourable mention. Clarke and Harbroe are quite lit for the 3rd form, and will be promoted when we resume work. In the 3rd form the boys do Latin grammar and Caesar, English grammar, geography and history, French and arithmetic. Some of them have commence algebra, but this, has not entered into the subjects of their, examination. Peacock has passed a splendid examination, being first in each of the four sections (Latin, Euglish, Freuch and mathematics). The consequence is that no other boy has obtained an examination prize, though several boys passed good examinationsin the aggregate; and in particular subjects I may mention in especial Norman, who gains the mark prize and was second in the examination; A. Gibliivwho was second in French, and third in the examination; Pysh, who was- second in Latin, but who was unfortunately absent from some important, parts of -the examination. Barrett, who was second in English; and Robertson and B. Wright, each of whom did well in several subjects. Peacock is promoted. We next come to the 4th form, which is a large class and divided into two sections, upper and lower. Aldred is classed with the lower division, because;, like the majority of them, he belonged to the 3rd form up to last September (which is the time of year at which our principal promotions take place), but he is so manifestly superior to the other boys, not only of the lower, but even of the upper 4th, that'I should have promoted him t J the .5th, had it not been that his deficiency in Greek rendered it desirable that he should remain in the 4th till the end of the year. As, however, this placed the rest of his class at a great disadvantage, I decided to allow prizes to those who came next to him, whether in the aggregate or in any of those subjects in which prizes are awarded. As I expected, Aldred stands first in everything, and gets the mark prize, and examination prize. The second mark prize is obtained by Coverdale, the second examination prize by S. Chapman. Ransom, jun., gains another examination prize for classics.—Cherry, Shaw, and S. H. Browne deserve special mention. The work of this class consists of the same subject as thoseofthe 3rd with the addition of Greek, algebra and Euclid. In Latin they read Ovid as well as Cajsar. In the upper 4th there is a small non- Latin division, the members of which do book-keeping and commercial arithmetic instead of Latin. On this occasion the two principal prizes have been obtained by boys of that division ; A. Johnson having gained the examination prize, and JT. Johnson the mark prize. Stackhouse, as first in classics, gets a second examination prize. Trowbridge, bang first in English, gets a third prize; and K. Smith, who is a good second in the aggregate results, and who is also first in French, gets another prize. H. Smith, Paterson and Perry deserve favourable mention. The 5th form, like the 4th, is divided into 2 sections. In this class the Latin subjects are Ca3sar and Ovid, and the Greek Xenophon's Anabasis. In the lower 5th Lipscombe obtains both the mark prize and the examination prize. Burgess, who is first in classics, obtained a second examination prize ; another is obtained by Davies,who is first in English ; and another by T. Crisp, as first in French. In the upper 5tti I have liad to make the same snrt of exception vitli ros-m- et tn Whyte. which in the 4tli 1 IEIKII? in the case >;f Alfred. Whyte had left i>tf ol.is>i'.:s for a e«usid<.rabir period, and during that time had always worked with che boys who are now in the titli form. As he lately resumed the study of Latin, it was found desirable to let him work with the 5th until he had made up to some extent the lost ground. I have accordingly given an examination prize to Hull, who stands next him in the aggregate examination; another to'Creswell who is next him in mathematics; and a third to Agnew, who is next to Whyte in French. In the case of Hull, 1 may mention that he was.decidedly superior to Whyte in classics. In thi3 subject Agnew and DeaU also passed good examinations. Giblin passed an excellent examination, but did not come_ up to the mark for a prize in any of the subjects. Davenport did fairly in all, but not surpassingly well in any. He has, however, obtained the mark prize, by steadily keeping a good place in his class throughout the year. • The 6th or bead form consists mostly of boy» who' are working for the A- A, Degree ot next year. Their course of study is arranged in accordance with the scheme of the Council of Education. They are reading Virgil, Horace and Livy,in Latin; Xenophon, Herodotus and Homer, in Greek. Here also we have a senior and a junior section. The junior 6th are boys 'who were promoted in September! Of these G. P. Clerk gets the. mark prize, Geiss the examination prize; Downing was unfortunately absent through illness from the greater part of the examination, but he did very well in those' papers which he had the opportunity of working. J. R. Taylor, too, was unfortunate in being taken ill while the' arithmetic paper was being worked. He did so well in Euclid and algebra tliat it is quite likely be mig v t have gained the mathematical prize had he-been able to do himself justice in arithmetic. His English examination was also particularly good. The senior section, or boys who have been more than a year in the Gthforin, are ineligible for the'ordinary class prizes. But certain prizes are open to them, which the school owes to the liberality of Dr. Officer. These, which: are designated the V Officer prises," are intended as rewards to pupils who pass the best examination in classics, English, and mathematics. To these.I have myself added a prize for French. These prizes have been generally obtained by the senior, 6th, but on this occasion they have gained only two of the four. Thomas gets the Officer prize for classics; Innes the French prize ; but the prize for English is obtained by Geiss of the junior section; and that for {mathematics by Downing. These two boys have, in £ac£, decidedly bfeaten the upper section in the total result of their examinations. Besides the classes which have been enumerated, there is another to which I "attach very great importance indeed. r .This consists of boys who have taken the Associate^' degree^ and who _ are reading for the Tasmanian Scholarship. . The fact that the High School alone carries boys beyond the A.A. degree, ahd prepares them by two years of higher studies for the English Universities^ is that which especially entitles it to be regarded not only in name, but also .in. fact, as the High School of Tasmania./ Boys desirous < of preparing for the Universities have come to us from all the other Grammar Schools and identified themselves, with the High School alike in its sports and its studies. The boys of this'class have no school prizes regularly awarded to them. Last,year through the liberality of Mr. Jartnan I was able to open- certain prizes to their competition not excluding, however,, the rest of the school. . For one of these, viz." an essay prize, there"was no competitionlast "year, „and it was held over to the present year. The subject (given by Mr. Jarman himself) was " the force of habit ou-man ." W. F. Barrett, A. A., has "handed in a creditable essay' oh this subject, and 1 have awarded him the prize. Air Hoj'iikins's moral conduct prize was awarde- do Geiss. The (junior .prize, which I am myself in the habit of .giving, is .obtained liy Stackhouse. • . These prizes are awarded by the votes of the pupils. Geiss obtained a very large majority. For the junior pr ze Aldred and Fysh each obtained nearly as many votes as Stackhouse,thus manifesting the high opinion which their companions entertain of their character and conduct. This is the second time that Stackhouse has obtained the junior moral conduct prize. The Scripture History prize,. Which'the Rev. J, : Storie 1: kindly presents every yeary has been for a'. Becond time gained byC. Downing. Mitchell as usual was kind enough to undertake the examination in book- keeping. The results were not veiy satisfactory, as all the competitors this year have only^iately commenced the study of this subject. Taylor was first, and in awarding him the prize,' I' wish him' to ; understand that I should have withheld it, had he not passed such a good examination, in other subjects that 1 felt-it tfci be a pity that' he should not have a prize. The senior writing prize is awarded to Creswell, the junior^prize to Paterson. 'The specimens of Taylor, Ransom, and Clerk for the senior, and A. Johnson and S. PL Smith deserve mention. In July an examination was . held for the two junior Newcastle scholarships. The Rev. A. Davenport and the Rev. H. J. Poole were the examine.-s. The junior scholarships were awarded to Graves and Cherry, the senior one to Hughes. W. F. Barrett is the present holder of the other Newcastle scholarship, and R. Home is the holder of the Macnaughton scholarship. — " - In the examination for the Associate of Arts degree three of our boys passed,' and all of them in the first class. . Hughes, who beaded the list, obtained a higher number of marks than had been previously gained by any boy except Hogg. He also obtained the first prize for Greek, the "first prize for mathematics, the first prize for English, and the second .prize for Latin. Thia is the first time-since Hogg's year that a first class has been obtained in English. W. F. Barrett, who was second on the list, obtained the first prize in Latin, the 1st prize in French, and the 2nd prize in Greek ; and J. B. Walker \j-ho exceeded the expectations of all his teachersj obtained a second prize in "French, and a drawing prize. The results of this examination afford a most • gratifying addition to the annually' lengthening list of High School honours. In nine examinations for .degrees held by the.'.Council of Education, the High School has six times headed the list. In the examination for Tasmanian Scholarships all the competitors were pupils of the High SohooL Only one of the .candidates came up to the regulations of the Council of Education. This was Manasseh Fearnley, A- A., "who passed an excellent examination last year, and on that occasion fell very little short of success. This j ear his chance was impeded by a serious attack of illness, which prevented him from reading for some weeks before the examination commenced. This is the fourth consecutive year, and altogether the sixth occasion, on which the Tasmanian Scholarahip'has been obtained by one of our pupils.. I have heard of, or from, most of our old pupils' since we last met. Hope has taken orders, and is now a master in a school at -Wimbledon. Hogg took a first class among the Second-year men at St: John's; in the May examination; and Gatenby gained an excellent place jimong the first-year inen on the same occasion,j Dandridge has entered at Bartholemew's Hosintal,'aiid was highly' complimented for the' manner in which he passed the literary examination, which the medical schools now require before admitting anyone as a student. In the course of the year there has been an entire change in the list of my colleagues. This time last year I announced the departure of Mr. Hopkins and the appointment of Mr. Ingle in his place. That gentleman has now been with me during nearly the whole year, and it would be difficult for me to speak too highly of the aid which he has rendered me, I deem myself very fortunate in having obtained his assistance as second master. Mr. Maynard. who had co-operated with me for six years, left the colony last July in order to take an appointment in Sydney. He left with the best wishes alike of the boys and of the masters. The pupils manifested their appreciation of his exertions in their behalf, by presenting liim with a handsome present before Jus departure. Mr. Maynard's successor, Mr. H. A. Richards, of the Mary Hall, Oxford, has entered with zeal and spirit into the work o£ the school. Mr. Hojg left the school somewhat earlier in the year, to take the mastership of a school at Evandale. He also was deeply regretted both by his colleagues aud by his pupils; the latter manifested their regard and affection for him by the present tatiou of a watch, accompanied by au address. In conclusion, I tbank my coadjutors for their zealous and able assistance during the past year. I thank you, gentlemen of the Council, for your sustained interest m the well-being of the HighSchooL And I wish again to express my acknowledgments to those gentlemen who, by contributions of prizes, or otherwise have manifested an.interest ill the wellbeing of the institution. I have the honour to remain, Gentlemen, . Your most obedient servant, ['. D. Poulett Harris. Examination, Marks,' L—BUTLEB 3. Butler, 3 Chapman, jun., (arithm.) . IL—CLARKE Harbroe . Harbroe (Latin & French) Criisp | Arithmetic '- III.—PEACOCK Norman Lower IV,—AXDBED Aldred Chaptnan (examination) Coverdale Ransom (Classics) Upper IV.—A. JOHNSTON J. Johnson Stackhouse (Classics) Tiowbridge (English) K. Smith (French Lower V.—LIPSCOMBE LIPSCOMBE Davies (English) T. Crisp (French) Upper V.—WHITE Davenport Hull {exam.) Creswell (mathem.) Agnew (French)- Junior VL—Geiss. Clerk. Officer prizes, Classics, THOSIAS. English GEISS Mathematics DOWNING H, Prize for French,. INNES. - Mr. Hopkins' moral'conduct prized Geiss. Rector's do Stackhouse. Mr. Jarman s Essay Prize, W. F. Barrett, A.A;' . Mr. Storie's Scripture History prize,C. Downing Boarder's do J.E. Johuaon.! Writing prize, Senior CresswelL Do do Junior Paterson Book keeping prize, Taylor. Mr. Schuetz, drawing prize, 1st prize, Shaw; 2nd Peacock; 3rd, L. P. Harris. As the prizes in each form were annonnced, the prize takers were called up and in a few kind' words were presented their prizes by Mr. Harria, the boys of the school Vociferously cheering each one as they returned to their seats.The boys of the lowest form were very young in most instances. Dr. Officer's prizes were, in the absence of that gentleman, presented by the Hon. F. M. Tnno^ . Mr. J. B. Jarman's prize of last year for the best essay on " the Force of Habit on Man,™ and which had not been awarded, in consequence of there bone no competitors, was this year awarded to Master F. Barrett. The Rector in presenting it said that it was the only essay presented, and had it been by any other boy he should have felt some diffidence in awarding it him in the absence of competitors, bat his general conduct was eo good, and, although there was a harshness in the style of the present essay, but which would be got over by greater familiarity with the best authors, and therefore he (Mr. Harris) had selected for the prize the life and writings of Goldsmith. Mr. H. Hopkins's moral conduct prize -was awarded by the unanimous voice of his schoolmates to Master Geiss, and the Rector had great pleasure in saying that the masters endorsed .the decision of the pupils. In the absence of the venerable gentleman, aud at his special request, the prize was presented by his Excellency the Governor, -who adi dressed to Master Geiss a few words, inculcating th* necessity of .self-control and moderation in all things and avoidance of debt, and .profanity; «nd' remarking that the donor, Mr. Hopkins, waa a selfmade man, ivlio had attained his present standing by; his self- denial; ending by.reading'at the express wish of Mr. Hopkins, the 2l st verse of the 25th chapter of Psalms, " Let integrity and righteousness preserve me ; for I wait-on Thee." The Rev Jno. Storie's. Scripture History'prize was carried off by C. Downing, notwithstanding hiB several attacks of severe illness, Mid was congia*' la ted thereon by the Sector. -' ' • t •.',.'•' •In presenting the first prize in- book-keeping to Taylor, the Rector referred to \ the wwlicrit mond character which .the recipient, who.:was leaving, the school, carried with him, and expressed his opinion that the moral influence his example had exerted in the school had been of a most beneficial character. Creswell carried off the first prize in writing; and the Rector in presenting it remarked that Tie was one of the 'Exhibitioners from the Board of Education, -and that since he' had betsn in the school he had fully borne out the character with which he had entered it Mr. Schuetzfs prizes for drawing were carried oft by R. Shaw 1st, Peacock 2nd; and Lovell 3rd. \ The Rector's Scripture History! prize,- especially for the boarders, for answering in " Scripture history on the Sunday afternoon examinations, was awarded to J. Johnston. This ended the delivery of the prizes,' when Msi' Harris referred to the loss they had. sustained by the death of a very promising pupil, the brother of Snowden, who was a very excellent little boy. The Second Master of the High School ' IB E. L Inglis, Esq., a graduate, of Trinity College, Oxfordthe English Master being A, H. Richards, Esq- also of Oxford. . , , -fy Mr. Harris returned his thanks to his coadjutors in the work of the school, to the Council of the school, and to those gentlemen who encouraged competition amongst the pupils by the presentation of prizes, and also to the Governor for his presence there that day, calling for three cheers for him which were heartily given. The pupils then called for three ^cheers for the following—viz., Mrs. Gore Browne, the Rector, Mr. Inglis, Mr. Richards, Mr. Schuetz, the members of the Council, and the ladies, which were all most heartily given, especially the last The hon. T. D. Chapman addressed the boys And those present, hoping .that although -they had acompetition in the school in Macquarie-street, yet he expected always to see the pupils of the HighSchSoI carry off their fair share of. the honours at the aft of the Council of Education. - . His .Excellency spoke in favour of the admirable management of the High School, saying that he spoke from experience, as he had a son amongst them, and said that when he was on the other side of the globe he should always hear of the well-doing of the school and pupils with the greatest pleasure, and called for three cheers for the. boys of the school, which were right royally given. Mr. Manasseh Fearnley, as an ex-pupil, returned thanks on the part of the boyB. The hon. F. M. Innes spoke on the gratitude that the parents and friends ought to feeltowards the perseverance, patience, and forbearance of the Rector and Masters of the school, to which -were due the progress and satisfactory results that the parents of the pupils witnessed in them; and proposed .three cheers for Mr. Harris and the Masters - associated with him, which being given gallantly, -Mr. Harris returnedjthanks, and said he hoped the pupils would enjoy their holidays. The school would reassemble that day six weeks. The proceedings then terminated. 