Sr-E'LECT POETRY- . BEREAVED.. The gay. ulad vear was yet Io its prime. When I lost the pearl I had onry won At the close of the previo-is summer time — The pearl of my life, and her little one. The younger drooped when the elder died — Followed hor over the troad black river, Leaving the gap in my son] more wid« — A gap that will gape therein for ever. ilv \ots has darkened my manhood's dawn. Has shadowed all that was once so fair, Till the sky of my life is quite overdrawn With the web that sorrow has woven there. And oftentimes, when tho restless ghost Of that vanished twelvemonth haunt3 my brain ; I feel as if nipped with a sudden frost, And racked with a something worse than pain. Yet I bear It all with a bold, brave front. And go on facing life as before, With an inward anguish nought can blunt, And a void In my heart for evermore. — Chambers' Journal. Ectheegle^. — Tmpounded— 3- Wack sow plgf, one ? it broken, white, feet, like blotch brand near ribs. Hurdle Creek. — Impounded — Black horse, bang t\U, white spots under saddle. GK near neck, F near shoulder. Fleabitten white horse, blind off eye, PH near shouMer. No. 47 now shows veiy faint IX near ?houlrier, J-I conjoined under half ?'rcle.' MuRcinsoN. — Impounded— Chesnut mare, running star, bell ami broken hcbbles, 51 near shoulder and jvear thfah. Bay mare, blaze, white muzzle, near fore and hind fetlocks white, no visible brand. Light chesnnt mare, star, off hip down, J near cheek, JC near shoulder. J near thigh. Chesnut mare, blaze, lu;ht tail and mane. RC over 2 near shoulder. Bay mare, small star, broken lenses, two hind heels white, both hips scared. Q over like JS over DW near shoulder. Maxsfteld. — Impouaded — Bay mare, black points, saddle marked, lime near fore leg. A near shoulder, like B and blotch off shoulder. Black filly, star, like half-circle over V conjoined near shoulder. Bay mare, Star, black point', saddle marked, rope on neck, like EG- or FG over pf in form of cross (first J turned to left! near shoulder. Brown colt, little white near fore and off hind foot, star and snip, like \ naar shoulder. Chesnut mare, star, fore feet white, bell, shod. IKO near shoulder. Chesnut horse, collar and saddle marked, star and snip, like 2 over AZ near shoulder, * TG off shoulder. Embezzlement. — AmannamedHenrv Carter CampljeH is charged with em bezzling money belonging to his emplover. He was engaged to drive 700 sheep from 'Wahgnnyah Station, Tocum wal, New South Wales, to Beechworth ; hut having sold 400 sheep atKntherglen, he absconded with the proceeds, leaving the remainder of the sheep with two boys. He is supposed to have gone to Melbourne. Public Vaccinator. — Edwin Stanford Maxwell, Esq., surgeon, has been appointed public vaccinator for the dis tricts of Seymour and Tallarook. Death after Childbirth. — Dr Yonl held an inqnest on Tuesday at Carlton, on the body of Mary Dwyer, aged thirty six, who died on Monday last, the 14th inst. She was the wife of a digger at Mansfield, and resided in lodgings. At eleven o'clock on Monday she gave birth to a boy, but would not have medical attendance for two boms, though she had a midwife. A doctor was sent for, but she was dead when he arrived. The oaiiFe of death was collapse after labor. Vorrliot n^fnvflinrrlv ?TAjrEs Ah Coy, the Government Chinese interpreter at Castleroaine, has been suspended from discharging the functions of his office, consequent on the rasuli of the late enquiry into his oomdnct. The Bacchiix yinrsh FjO-press says : — ' The weather has been very hot during the past two or three days. We hear that the Blackwood ranges were on fire yesterdarr.' On Wednesday afternoon a firs took place on tbe Kononwootong station, by which fitly or sixty acres, of splendid grass ?vrfire destroyed. Oa Saturday kst about £350 was paid in prizes obtained at the opening of the Eastern Market, and in expenses attend ing that event. Abductiox. — The Criminal Sessions of tbe Supreme Court commenced on Tuesday, in the Old Court-house, before Mr Justice Molesworth ; Mr Dunne, pro pecuting for the Crown. The time of Ihe Court was taken up for the entire day with the case of The Queen v George Tnlloch, for the abduction of Sophia Fanning, a girl said to be under sixfeen years of age. Mr Aspinall, who con ducted the case for the defence, made a speech that lasted for more than an hour, and managed so to shape the credibility of the mother of the girl, the chief witness, and to give such weight to the \- girl's statement to the prisoner as to her being seventeen years old, that the jurv returned a verdict of not guilty. Mr Tnlloch. however, has had to pay rather dearly for his pleasure, and it is likely that the case will in this respect prove a warning to any others inclined to go in for similarly risky pleasures. Telegraph Officer. — The Governor has appointed Mr George W. Newland to be line repairer in charge of Electric 'Telegraph and Collector of Imposts at Mansfield. A very sad affair is reported by the Mount Alexander Mail. A farmer and his wife, being in the neighborhood of \- Montmorency, had gone out to walk for a distant field, on Friday last, leaving some dinner on the hearth, and a baby in a cradle near the fireplace, both in charge of their little daughter of seven years of age. By some mischance the latter became enveloped in flames, and when the unhappy farmer and his wife returned they found their baby burned to a cinder. They then turned their attention to find the little girl, whom they blamed for the. misfortune. Poor Marie, however, had disappeared, and for some time was nowhere to be found. At length, in a pond in the middle of the orchard they fonnd the body of their elder child. When she saw her little brother bnnit, the broken-hearted child must have run out and drowned herself. 