THE WEEK'S NEWS. A Northern Territory Land Order-Holder. —On Wednesday, Mr. Hart presented the following petition to the House of Assembly:— " To the Hon. the House of Assembly of the Province of South Australia in Parliament assembled. "The petition of Samuel Tomkinson, of Ade laide. a. purchaser of laud-orders in the Northern Territory from the Government of South Australia, respectfully showeth— "That your petitioner in March, 1864, entered into a contract with the Government of South Australia in respect of the purchase of orders for land in the Northern Territory, as set forth in Act No. 23 of 186% and for which he paid a certain con siderable sum of money. "That the money so paid was expressed iu the said Act to be applied to the payment of the cost of governing the said territory and the general imDrovement thereof. "That your petitioner has observed and fully complied with his part as regards carrying out the said contract. " That the money paid by your petitioner has not been applied or expended in the manner pro vided by the said Act. "That your petitioner has had no voice in the expenditure of the said money, which has been applied in a manner he never approved of by suc cessive Governments; whilst he was absolutely powerless to direct it in any other way, or to prevent it. "That your petitioner has heard with surprise that a Bill has been brought into your Honourable House for altering the terms of the said contract very materially and to his prejudice, which he humbly submits ought not and cannot be done against his consent. *" Vour petitioner therefore humbly prays that he may be heard at the bar of your Honourable House to state his objections to the passing of the Bill, intituled 'An Act to amend the Northern Territozy Act.' "And your petitioner, as in duty, will ever pray. "Samdel Tomkihson." South- Eastern Pastoral Lessees*—The fol lowing memorial was presented by Mr. Kiddoch in the House of Assembly on Tuesday " To the House of Assembly of South Australia. "The memorial of the undersigned pastoral lessees of the Crown in the South- Eastern District of South Australia humbly showeth— " That the northern and western portions of the. Sonth-Eastern District are (with small exceptions) suitable only for pastoral occupation. "That the trade of the above portions of the district is essentially South Australian. " That the majority of the leases in the district expire at one date—viz., June, 1870. "That the simultaneous resumption or sale of the leases of so large a tract of country would cause great confusion and inevitable loss to your memorialists without any public advantage. " That the possibility of such simultaneous re sumption or sale has already made runs and stock unsaleable. ''That your memorialists have by pastoral occu Eation, fencing, well-sinking, and the erection of ouses and other buildings largely and permanently increased the value of the public lands " That they are willing still further to improve such lands, but are debarred from doing so by the shortness of their tenure. "That a considerable portion of the district is subject to the coast disease, and could only be occupied by those practically acquainted with the peculiarities of individual portions. "Your memorialists therefore pray that your honourable House would grant them an immediate extension of 12 years (equivalent to 10 years from the expiry of their present leases) at such rent and assessment as may appear fair and reasonable. "And your petitioners will ever pray." [Here follow 28 signatures.] Sailobs' Home Bazaab.—Captain Wagstaff, of the ship Commissary, has started a new idea in aid of the proposed Sailors' Home at the Port, and it is more than probable the ladies will be solicited to give their aid in furtherance of a bazaar to be held on board that vessel at an early date. This is rather a novel feature; but the master has before had some experience in those matters when carrying passengers in the Sydney trade. There is every reason to hope, if the co-operation of the fair sex equals expectation, that a highly favour able result will ensue, especially as the spacious saloon of the Commissary is admirably adapted for the purpose. The Jupiteb Cbeek Diggings, neab Meadows. Oar Correspondent on the 21th writes" I find I was somewhat misinformed respecting the sinking at Lang's, as it appears that the shaft is only about 60 feet down instead of 80, and this is a new shaft, and not the old one. The Jupiter Creek Diggings are still attracting many there. I was shown on Saturday by a party (White's) nearly two ounces of gold, as the result of about three days' work, fiom a hole less than three feet deep. They are now carting their washdirt to the creek, and I suppose have between 30 and 40 loads. Another person picked up a nugget on the surface about 2£dwts< Some are doing very well; others are doing nothing, but, nevertheless, are expecting that they will come upon it. I washed two dishes of the surface, and found gold in each lot. I hope to be able to give fuller information soon." Tablets to the Memory of the Late Mb. Henry Evans, J. P.—An order for two tablets, sent to the marble-works of Mrs. Kellet, Way mouth-street, has been executed in a highly-satis factory manner, and the tablets have been sent to their several destinations to be fixed under the directions of Mrs. Kellet'a manager. Each tablet represents a sarcophagus of Italian marble, on a black ground. Ho purely black marble having yet been found in the colony, slabs of Mintaro slate of beautiful colour and highly polished have been substituted with admirable effect. The tablet to be erected in the church at Angaston has the follow ing inscription" This tablet has been placed here by the members of this Church and congregation as a tribute to the memory of Henry Evans, of Evandale, Esquire, J.P., in affectionate apprecia tion of his services to the cause of Christ in this neighbourhood, and of his large-hearted bene ficence. He fell asleep in Jesus the 14th day of April, 1868, in the 56th year of his age. * A good name is rather to he chosen than great riches, and loving favour rather than silver and gold.'" The tablet to be erected in the chapel at North Rhine has the following inscription:—"In memory of Henry Evans, of Evandale, Esq., J.P., who died April 14. 1868. aged 56 years. This tablet has been erected by the inhabitants of the North Rhine and vicinity in grateful acknowledgment of many years' skilful and gratuitous medical assistance, and in affectionate appreciation of his large-hearted beneficence and kindly sympathy, combined with his persevering efforts for promoting the public worship of God in this neighbourhood. 'When the ear heard him then it blessed him; when the eye saw him it gave witness to him.'" Philosophical Society. — There was an unusually large attendance of members and visitors at the Philosophical Society last night, when the discussion on Mr. Hosking's paper on the subject of education was resumed. Mr. W. Hanson was in the chair, and after some preliminary business had been disposed of Mr. Magarey resumed the discussion iu a good forcible speech, which we shall endeavour to give an outline of in our next issue. He supported Mr. Hosking's views on the subject, and strongly urged increased assistance from the Legislature, together with a compulsory system of attendance. Mr. J. Allen next read a short paper which was humorously written, and which opposed State education of all kinds. Mr. J. D. Woods then dwe't on the impossibility of the State being able to impart true education, and argued that the failure of theexieting system showed that grants were unable to meet the difficulty. Mr. R. Wells wished that Mr. Woods had gone just a step further, and had shown how the children who were now utterly untaught were to be reached. In England, as well as in some of the American States, existing systems failed to reach the lowest classes, just as our own system was failing in Adelaide, and the remedy which these countries were now trying with great success wasa special kind of school —the "Ragged School," as it was called—a school which was started inout-of-the-way neighbourhoods and which taught at unusual hours, so as to meet the requirements of the poorest. It was this kind of machinery, suppo ted by the public, and worked in a true missionary spirit, which was being found successful in aid cities, and something of the sort was required here. Mr. C. S. Hare reviewed Mr. Hosking's paper in friendly spirit, ridiculed Mr. Allen's paper, and spoke strongly in favour of in creased educational exertion, both on the part of. the Government and the public. The Rev. Mr. Howitt thought there should be more Government schools, with something in the shape of ragged schools, and that there should be teachers to itinerate through the bush. Mr. Commissioner Hamilton spoke of the value of Government schools and dissented from a remark of Mr. Woods that only the higher kind of education was valuable, for he was certain that merely to know how to read and write was most useful, and it was an exceedingly good com mencement under any circumstances. Mr. Kidner spoke of the value of model schools as opposed to normal schools, and thought that ragged schools, which were doing a great work England, would be decidedly useful here. Mr. Moore replied at great length to some remarks which had been made by Mr. Magarey on the subject of education in New England, and gave some useful comparative statistics as to the state of education in various countries, his opinion being that South Australia was by no means so bad off as some persons supposed. After some further remarks Mr. Hosking replied, and the meeting terminated with the usual votes of thanks. Serious Aocedent.—On Saturday afternoon, shortly after 2 o'clock, a cabman named Bichard Condon was very seriously hurt through the bolting of his horse, occasioned by the breaking of the belly-band. The unfortunate man was thrown from the car, one of the wheels of which passed over him, and the horse trampled on him. HewaB accompanied by Dr. O'Carroll to hi* residence in North- terrace, where his injuries were attended to. He still lies in a precarioos state. The Military.—A company of the 50th (Queen's Own) proceeded to the Butts on the South Park Lands on Saturday morning, August 22, for the purpose of commencing their annual ball practice. Ten rounds per man were expended. The practice was rendered more interesting than usual on account of the Snider rifles distributed amongst the men some time ago being brought into requi sition for the first time. The firing on the whole was good, and the use of the new weapon, satis factory. Ho. 2 Coup ant (Duke of Edinburgh's Own). —Nine members of the Scotch Company assembled at the Butts on Saturday afternoon, August 22, to fire for prizes, the amount of which had been col lected amongst the Company. There were five prizes, which were taken as follows:—Private Watson, 56 points, first; Private Bobertson, 56 points, second; Sergeant Chapman, 51 points, third; Private Stevens, 51 points, fourth; Sergeant Kilgour, 49 points, fifth. The afternoon was favourable for shooting, and the rangeB fired at were 200, 300, 400, and 500 yards, five rounds at each. Artillery Practice.—On Saturday, August 22, the officers of the Port battery with a gun detachment proceeded to the Semaphore beach for practice with one of the new Whitworth 12 pounder field-pieces, under the direction of Colonel Biggs. The gun was not sent to the Port by rail as on former occasions, but four of the men pro ceeded to town by the first train, and took it down the Port-road, and at the conclusion of the practice returned with it to the city. The gun reached the beach at 11 o'clock, and after a short delay in laying down some planks in order to secure a tolerably level and firm platform, on which it could be worked, the practice was commenced. The target, which consisted of canvas stretched on uprights affixed to a raft, was moored in the Gulf in a S. W. direction, and at a distance supposed to be about 2,500 yards. A marker was posted on the sand, hills a considerable distance along the beach. Major Baker and Lieut.-Col. Matthews were also on the ground, and amongst the visitors we ob served Capt. Hart, M..P., and Major Douglas. For the first shot the gun was laid at an elevation of about seven degrees; but as the projectile fell a long distance short of the target, it was believed the distance was much greater than was intended, and for subsequent shots the elevation was increased until it reached 9° 22!, when they appeared to 6trike the water very close to the target, and towards the finish some very fair practice was made. The shell firing was then commenced; bat as the fuses were not of sufficient length for the distance at which tne hukci/ was piaixu, il was utnx»eary iu pruceeu a considerable distance alone the beach to get within range. The first shell burst high in the air, but was signalled as having gone over the target. The next burst a short distance from the muzzle; bnt most of the subsequent ones burst close to the target, although some fell into the water before bursting, and two or three burst almost imme diately after leaving the muzzle. On the whole the practice could not be considered very.satisfactory, owing to the uncertainty of the distance and the position of the marker rendering it almost impos sible for him to tell the effect of the shot with any thing like accuracy. The practice was concluded about 4 o'clock. Some little misapprehension, we understand, has arisen in one or two quarters from the fact that two or three of the shells broke up almost immediately after leaving the muzzle. The explanation of this fact lies, not in any want of care or knowledge, but in the uncertain structure of the shells themselves. They are made of cast iron, not more than a quarter of an inch thick, and a very slight flaw in the metal will occasion the breaking up of the shell from the force of the gun's explosion. In proof of this we find from tbe records of the practice at Shoebury ness before the Committee on Armstrong and Whitworth guns that out of the total of 112 shrapnell shells fired from a 12-pounder Whit worth on two consecutive days nine broke up at the muzzle, and nine more broke up in the gun itself. This is a larger percentage of failures than our volunteers have experienced, the failures on their two days of practice having been four out of 30\. The uncertainty of this cause of failure is further illustrated by the fact that in the two practices above-mentioned at Shoeburyness the numbers were nine out of 46 one day, and nine out of 66 the other. Movements of the Military.—We are told that a despatch has been received by Sir G. Bowen, Governor of New Zealand, from the Duke of Buckingham, intimating that the Himalaya was under orders to proceed to Australia for the pur pose of taking the 50th Queen's Own) home, and that His Excellency was to make use of her for the purpose of conveying the 18th Boyal Irish from New Zealand to relieve the 50th. It was expected, however, that considering the present unsatisfac tory state of native affairs in New Zealand, that Sir G. Bowen would not consent to the withdrawal of the 18th from that colony; also that the Himalaya was expected about October or No vember. Narrow Escape.—One of the midshipmen of the Commissary, which arrived on the 21st instant from London, very narrowly escaped drowning when off Cape Borda. It appears he was engaged on the poop making fast some gear, when he lost footing and fell overboard. In less than a quarter of an hour the ship was brought to the wind, a boat lowered, and the youngster brought on board, much to the gratification of all hands, who behaved so promptly on the occasion that three minutes had scarcely elapsed from the alarm of "man overboard" before one of the quarter boats was cleared away and lowered with a crew in her. The Tidal Wave at Port Elliot.— On Saturday morning last, 15th instant, the tidal wave referred to in the Sydney telegrams was probably the cause of an unusually high tide in the harbour of Port Elliot, which was also noted on the western coast of Kangaroo Island.— Southern Argus. Albury Land Selectors. — The following names of late South Australian residents appear in late returns of free selectors near Albury:— Gideon Scott, 320 acres on the Billabong; Robert Gallard, 100 acres at Yambla; Gottfried Schneider, 125 acres at Jindera: Thomas Swann, 40 acres at Brengowannah; Matilda E. Swann, 50 acres at the same place. The Gympie Gold-Fields.—Injanother column we publish the experiences of several adventurers who returned from Queensland on Thursday, August 20, by the Aldinga, from Melbourne. They are all to be relied on, and their account of the wretched condition of so many at Gympie will, it is to be hoped, have the effect of deterring others from leaving comfortable homes under the influ ence of the gold fever. Football.—A football match of 15 picked men of the Adelaide Club against 20 of the Port and surburban Clubs was played on the ground of the former. North Parks Lands, on Saturday afternoon, August 22. The Adelaide team were captained by Mr. A. Malcolm, and the Port by Mr. Walters. There was a large concourse of spectators, the weather being delightfully fine. The proceedings were enlivened by the performances of the Con cordia Band. The present was, we understand, the third match between these Clubs. In the first even sides were chosen, the Adelaides winning. The second, which came off at Wbodville, was played between 15 of the Adelaide Club against 20 of the Port; the former again winning. On the present occasion play commenced at about 3 o'clock, and was kept up with great spirit until 5, no goal being obtained by either side. The Port players being desirous of leaving by the 5*20 train, play was then discontinued. The Franklin Harbour Outrage. — The Franklin Harbour Correspondent of the Wallaroo Times writes, under date of August 10:—"Mrs. Swanbury, who I reported in my last letter as having been speared here by a black, is. I am happy to say, nearly, if not quite, out of danger. She has had a very narrow escape, one of thoRe hairbreadth ones which occur but rarely. Neoiltee, the sup posed criminal, has not as yet been captured. Another trooper f hear has just come up to assist Briggs, but without the aid of a good black tracker it is no easy task for them to effect his capture; however, they must just hold on to him until such time as he is captured and once more placed in the hands of the authorities, when we hope that they may see the necessity of preventing his return at any fu'ure time to this district. In fact nothing short of this will satisfy the inhabitants here." Adelaide Ovebland to Beisbane. — The Wilcannia correspondent of the Southern Argus (jives some idea of the difficulties met with in journeying from Adelaide via the Darling to Queensland, as experienced by Burton's Circus. He says:—"When it was first mooted that Burton's Circus was actually coming to this part of the world many parties considered it a hoax; hut now that they have come, and we have seen their performances with our own eyes in the Town ship of Wilcannia (5 -0 miles from everywhere and everybody), we have half a mind to consider our township of some importance, and that we are not quite so isolated from the boundaries of civiliza tion as we have been in the habit of considering ourselves. I am, however, sorry to say that the manager of the Circus has had more difficulties to contend with in getting here than he calculated on. The distance overland from Adelaide via the Darling to Brisbane is greater than it appears on a map, and town horses, accustomed to be well groomed, fed, and stabled, do not improve in con dition when turned out at night in hobbles, after a hard day's drudgery, to find their own tucker, on plains over which are constantly feeding many thousands of sheep, and nothing green hut the Darling pea. to partake of which in quantities is death to them. Several of the best draught horses are dead, and I am afraid many more will go the same road before they reach Brisbane. The manager has done his utmost to get on and surmount nts difficulties, bnt town men, like town hones, are .not adapted for 'bush* work. Hone feed is not to be got, and horses cannot travel with loads and lire en nothing.*' The Sooth-Eastebn Bailway Schemes.—We have at various times published letters in favour of the line of railway from Lacepede Bay to the Vic torian Border, written by correspondents resident at Port Caroline, and in the Register of the ' 21st some details of the Government proposal ap peared. In order that what is thought on the other 1 hand at Mount Gambier of the plan devised by the Ministry may be seen, we now in fairness to residents there subjoin portion of a leader in the Border Watch of August 22, in the hope thr.t the I pro and con. of what is so largely a local question may be seen and fully discussed on its merits. | That journalsays:—"Settlers of the South-East and squatters of the Victorian Border, don't you long for the advent of the 'good time' when your wool is to be conveyed to the sea by the iron horse, finding its way to Adelaide via 'that noble and placid bay'yclept Port Caroline? The projected railway from Port Caroline to Narracoorte was insane enough in all conscience, but that to the Border via the Cockatoo Lake is infinitely more so. We defy the Government to project a more ridiculous undertaking. We should like to be able to give at least a tacit support to the Port Caroline and Border Kailway. But we must confess we are too iutimately ac quainted with the district to be able to do so. We nave grave doubts as to our railway projects, even under the most favourable auspices. We think it is possible the Kailway Commission will find that we have been attempting to get along too fast. But if railways are to be further proceeded with, they should only be constructed where there was at least some show to be made of returns. The con struction of the one in question might be under taken when it was found that railways were a paying property, and when money became so plentiful that it was of small moment whether ! investments yielded returns or not. We say em phatically any system of railways for the South East should start at Port MacDonnell. If it did not pay between that port and Mount Gambier, it would pay nowhere in the South-East. But let us put the matter in a practical light. Let us have the name of one gentleman who would invest a £5 note in the proposed railway, supposing it were to be made by a Company. We have asked residents north, south, east, and west of Narra coorte what they thought of the Lacepede Bay Kailway. Their invariable answer was ' It is a mad scheme.' They believe it would not command trade enough to pay labourers to keep the scrub from chocking it up. They have told us 'there is some show of reason in your projected Mount Gambier and Narracoorte line. It might pay work ing expenses. It Etarts from a centre of population, it runs through a tolerably fertile and well settled district But this Lacepede Bay line it starts from nowhere and goes nowhere. It runs clear of the existing traffic, and it goes over land such that no traffic can be expected to arise to feed it.' Out of Lacepede Bay and throughout the South-East the railway is pooh-poohed unmercifully. Even in lacepede Bay. when we come to the money test, we question if we will find a single believer in it. But let us look at the question in another light. We have seen that the estimated wool produce of the district that the railway L sunoosed to tan is 20,000 bales. The annual export of wool from South-Eastern ports is now about 15,401 bales. A majority of this is shipped at Kobe and the remainder at Ports MacDonnell and Caroline. The latter may lay claim to some 1,500 bales. It thus appears that we obtain the trade of one half the stations included in the Lacepede list already, and we may safely say that we are quite as likely to retain this portion without the pro posed railway as with it. But granting that the railway was to command the other 5,000 bales, is it worth while to make it for such an object? We fear our Government would be fishing with thou sands to catch hundreds. We do not believe that .Lacepede Bay, railway and all, would command a wool export of 5,000 bales." The Boas and Railway Questions, Guichen Bay.—Our Robe correspondent, writing on the 25th, reports the bad state of the roads leading to that port, and then gives bis impressions as to the views held in that neighbourhood on the question of the proposed railway line. He says:—"The Lowrie's Hill-road, the deplorable state of which I pointed out some time back, is now the subject of a numerously-signed memorial to be presented to the House shortly. This road is not under the control of the Local Road Board, and a sum of not less than £500 is asked for to repair that portion going through the range. This road, besides being the highway for over 2,000 bales of wool and a large back- country trade, leads into very good land about and beyond the range. Many little homes and a few farms are springing up in the vicinity, and no doubt many good sections about there would be brought under cultivation if tttae access were made a little easier. At present the road is almost impassable for loaded drays, positively dangerous to lighter vehicles; and a large traffic is in consequence put to a great in convenience. Some anxiety exists here about the result of the Port Caroline Railway Bill. In common with the rest of the district thiB locality looks upon the scheme as absurd, besides feeling the injustice of Government bolstering up a port not required by the district, and which left to itB natural advancement, and aided by Government only in proportion to that advancement, would never be other than a third or fourth rate port of the district; and further, this action of Govern ment has the tendency to dishearten the private enterprise that almost unaided has raised this port to its present business position." School Book.—We have received a copy of a little work by the Rev. J. E. T. Woods, entitled " Geography for Australian Catholic Children." It is a well- digested compilation, and it gives in 42smali pages all that school children generally require in the matter of geography, whilst its contents are, of course, so written as to be entirely free from all re ligious references, excepting such as accord with the Roman Catholic faith. New Publications.—We have received from Mr. Rigby two new publications—one printed in London and the other in Melbourne. The former, which is very elegantly got up, is intituled "Re collections of the Paris Exhibition of 1867," by Eugene Rimmel, and will be found useful both for perusal and reference. The latter is an "Austra lian edition" of Edgar Allan Poe's poems. It forms a neat pocket volume, and is highly creditable to the publisher, Mr. George Robertson, as well as to the printers and binders. It is gratifying to see such work can be turned out in Australia. M. Podssabd.—The visit of Mons. Poussaid and Mons. Douay to this colony some years ago will nothesoon forgotten. Their "dead heroes" still live in the memory of all who heaTd the exquisitely beautiful musical poem so named. The Cape Argus of May 19 thus refers to what is now known as the Poussard-Bailey Company, which was then expected to return to Cape Town in a few days from Port Elizabeth, after a very successful tour in the Eastern Province, the Free State, and Natal:—"The career of this Company in South Africa, and in many countries east of it, forms an event in musical history. Its indefatigable manager, Mr. E. Smythe, was the first impressario who opened the foreign ports of Japan to European musical art; and since then this adventurous Company has visited most of the open ports of China: has in India penetrated to the frontiers of Cabul; has ascended the Himalayas and the Neilgherry Hills, and in Ceylon the mountain of Pedro-talla-salla; but no feat that it could have accomplished in these wealthy countries of the Orient could be more astonishing than the fact that in South Africa—a land usually ignored by European artistes—they have given their 125th en tertainment. That this astonishing success may be partly due to the energy of the manager of the Company need not be disputed; but not the most indefatigable manager could have thrust unworthy artistes down the throats of the Cape community, especially in Cape Town, which prideB itself upon its musical taste and discrimination. The reap pearance of the Poussard-Bailey Company here will be eagerly looked forward to, for since Horace Poussard last drew his bow in the Commercial Exchange, no great European instrumentalist has been heard in Cape Town. Theatrical. — Mr. James Anderson has reached England, and announces that he has had a successful tour round the world. Madame Celeste is playing in the provincial towns of Great Britain. Mr. Charles Dillon early in June com menced an engagement at Manchester. Lady Don has been playing to crowded houses at Liverpool. Miss Sara Nelson is performing in burlesque in Dublin. Miss Carry Nelson is still prohibited from appearing on the stage. Harry Leslie and Harry Baynor are doing well at San Francisco. Jefferson, when the last news left, was still at Philadelphia, but was about visiting Baltimore. Mr. Nish, one of the Original Christy Minstrels, has been engaged at St. James's Hall, Piccadilly. The "Wizard Anderson and hi6 family are meeting with good success in Surrey. Mr. G. H. Rogers. Mr. Rayner, and Mrs. Vincent are playing at the Theatre Royal, Melbourne. Miss St. Denis and other performers recently in Adelaide are engaged at the Duke of Edinburgh Theatre in the same citv. A Chinese Ghost.—Quite an excitement was caused in tbe Chinese camp a few days ago (reports the Ararat Advertiser) by the report that one of their compatriots, residing in Opossum Gully, had seen a malignant spirit, which kept him in the bush for 24 hours, and otherwise inflicted on him a great deal of hardship and trouble. Ah Sin—such is the Chinaman's name—states that he was break fasting with his mate on the Sunday morning pre ceding the last, and after finishing a plate of rice, the plate fell and got broken. He thought nothing of the circumstance, and replenished another; but to his consternation this plate also fell and was broken. This led him to suspect that some mysterious influence was at work; but he tried to forget the circumstance, which he partially managed to do till following his mate to Ararat, to visit the Chinese camp, when he fell down twice, and after rising heard himself called into the bush. Ultimately he obeyed the call, notwithstanding that his better nature warned him not to comply, and from thiB time, for twenty four hours, his mate aud all who knew him lost any knowledge of his whereabouts. At the expira tion of the time be arrived in a very wild and excited state, having lost one shoe and sock, and bearing upon hiB shoulder a bush, in which the spirit was planted, and which the bearer alone was able to see and converse with. The victim of the spirit is now considerably calmed down: but if he sees any more it is not at all unlikely that he will be placed within the precincts of a strong building where spirits in other than a liquid form are not in the habit of entering. The Almanda Mine.—The results of last week's crushing at the Almanda will be known shortly. On Friday week a gentleman who visited the works brought down a small sample of the amalgam, containing SO per cent, of silver, and 20 per cent, of quicksilver, and this has been ex hibited at Mr. Wendt's. The ore, we believe, amalgamates easily, and can readily be retorted. A portion of the stuff was retorted on Saturday at the mine with very satisfactory results, but the proprietors intend crushing 10J tons before finally making trial of results. The New Kanmantoo Mine.—At the New Kanmantoo Mine rapid improvements are taking place (says our correspondent). Where but a short time since there appeared the debris of a mine, under the present Company shows quite a different appearance, and presents a much more cheerful aspect. Old workings and cottages are being re paired, and an engine and crusher are being erected, and precipitating arrangements are in full working order. The latter is a very important item in the resources of the mine. The mine water being strongly impregnated with copper, and formerly allowed to run to waste, is now by Captain Penberthy's precipitating process turned to profitable accouBt. These, with other systematic arrangements in the course of being carried out, are proving that the Kanmantoo Mine reflects great credit on the present management. The Blxnhan Mine.—From this improving dis trict we hear on the 24th that activity prevails at the mine. The additional chimney stack is com pleted, with two new furnaces; and from the workings we are informed that the copper is improving both in quantity and quality. Accident.—On Tuesday evening about half-past 7 a spring-cart and a cab came into collision in Slug William-street. The shaft of the cart was driven into the chest of the horse attached to the cab. The poor animal dropped down, and died almost immediately. The Fab North Murder.—The troopers had not: on the 24th returned to Biinman from the search for the native charged with the murder of Wade, the shepherd killed at Nilpena. Death from Scalding and Inquest at Kan Hantoo.—A very lamentable accident (says our correspondent) occurred on Thursday, August 19, at about 3 p.m., resulting in the death of a little girl, four years of age. the second daughter of Mr. John Dalby. The accident happened whilst the mother was temporarily absent hanging out clothes which she had been washing. Previous to going out she had removed a large boiler of scald ing water from tbe fire to near tbe fireplace. A loud scream was heard in the kitchen. Mrs. Dalby immediately ran to the spot, and, to her in describable horror, found that the child had fallen across the boiler into the water. Deceased and .her sister had been playing at the time of the accident, when deceased suddenly fell backwards across the boiler. The mother, whilst proceeding to remove the clothes off the little sufferer, was so shocked at the magnitude and dreadful appearance of the scald, that she became unconscious and fainted. Mr. Dalby, coming in immediately afterwards, removed the clothes, when a fearful spectacle presented itself, the child being dreadfully scalded. Dr. Weld, of Nairne, was speedily in attendance, and all was done that could be for the relief of the sufferer, but it became apparent that no hopes could be entertained of recovery, and she died about 6 p.m. on the following Friday evening. An inquest was held at the Kanmantoo Hotel, before Dr. Weld, J.P., on Saturday, the 22ud inst., when a verdict of accidental death was returned. Collegiate School.—On Monday last a meet ing was held to elect a Governor in the place of the Yen. C. Marryat, who has now an ex ojfjfcio seat as Archdeacon of Adelaide. Three gentlemen (one of them an old pupil) were nominated, but the result was in favour of Mr. R. B. Colley. J. P. The Strathaibvn Corporation.—We under stand that the Government have resolved to erect Strathalbyn into a Corporation, inaccordance with the prayer of the memorial on tbe subject. The Melbourne Cup Horses. —By the Aldinga on Tuesday Mr. Ryan's br.f. Regalia, the winner of the South Australian St. Leger, was shipped to Melbourne to be prepared to compete for the Mel bourne Cup. Mr. Ryan's Cupbearer, also a com petitor for the Cup, will go by next steamer, aud will have for his companion Sir Dominick, who has been entered for the Hurdles. Supreme Court.—The Primary Judge sat m Equity on Monday, August 21, but nothing of importance was done. The Rev. J. Goodwin.—Special services were conducted, morning and evening, in the Primitive Methodist Chapel, Morphett-street, on Sunday> August 23, on the occasion of the Rev. J. Goodwin, who arrived from England by theEttie on the 18th inst., commencing.his ministerial labours in this colony. There was a very large attendance on both occasions, especially in the evening, when the building was crowded to excess. The Rev. Mr. Goodwin occupied the pulpit both morning and evening. A collection was made at the close of each service, the address in the evening being followed by a prayer meeting. We understand the rev. gentleman, who was despatched from England by the Home Conference, will short'y proceed to Mount Barker, to take the place of the Rev. W. J. Dean, who was transferred to New Zealand. A tea and public meeting took place on Monday, for the purpose of welcoming the Rev. J. and Mrs. Goodwin to the colony. There was a large muster at the tea, which was, as usual, sumptuously aud bountifully provided by the ladies. At the public meeting which succeeded the attendance was still larger, the building being crowded. Mr. W. W. Wenwood presided; the platform containing about a dozen ministers con nected with the Primitive Methodist and other denominations. The Rev. J. Warner moved, and the Rev. J. Standrin seconded, a resolution ex pressing gratitude to God for the safe arrival of the Rev. Mr. and Mrs. Goodwin, and welcoming them to the colony. The Rev. J. G. Millard, of the Pirie-street Wesleyan Chapel, and two other ministers supported the resolution, which was carried with every demonstration of warmth and sincerity. The Rev. Mr. Goodwin replied in a feeling and eloquent address, in which he took occasion to advert to his regret at the absence through illness of the Rev. J. Maughan, with whom he was on terms of friendship in the mother-country. The proceedings closed with the customary votes of thanks, after a collection had been made. Lefevee-tebbace Young Men's Association. —A lecture was given in connection with the above Association on Monday evening, in the Baptist Chapel, Lefevre- terrace, hy Mr. II. N. Bagot, entitled " Reminiscences of Ireland." There was a fair attendance. Mr. Bagot occupied about an hour and a half with an interesting description of the harbour and city of Dublin, rendered familiar to him by early associations. He also described some of the wild and romantic scenery in the County of Wickiow, and altogether im pressed his audience with a very favourable opinion of the beauties and attractions ef the Emerald Isle. At the close of the lecthre, on the motion of the Rev. G. Stonehouse, seconded by Mr. J. Cumming, a vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Bagot, w ho expressed his regret that he had been unable to give a more detailed account of other parts of Ireland, hut promising at a future time to do so. Before the audience separated a number of photographs of picturesque Irish scenes were inspected. The Germans and the Duke of Edinburgh. —We see from an English paper that—" When the news of the attempt to assassinate the Duke of Edinburgh in Sydney reached Berlin, so great was the sympathetic anxiety of the people to learn the particulars of the event, that the Crown Princess sent to the newspapers for publication a private letter received by her from Lieutenant Haig, con taining the full details of the event." Caution to Parents.—A most distressing case of death occurred on the 12th instant, at a farm between Coleraine and Merino. On the Wednesday previous a little child three years old, the daughter of Christian Nolte, was playing in one of the rooms with her brother, four years old. The little boy got a box of wax vestas off the chimneypiece, which the sister picked up, and commenced eating the tops off. The brother went and told the parents what his sister was doing; but before they got to the child she had bitten the tops off between 40 and 50 matches and swallowed them. The other portions of the vestas were scattered about the floor. For some time after the discovery the child showed no symptoms of illness; she was put to bed at the usual hour, apparently all right. In the middle of the night, however, the parents were awoke by the child, who was found to be in con vulsions. They administered warm milk and other household remedies as emetics. Under this treat ment the child recovered, and was well until Sunday morning, when she again became very ill. The doctor was in constant attendance until Tuesday evening, but without avail. The child died early on Wednesday morning.—Hamilton Spectator. Soiree at the Ldkatic Asylum.—On Wednes day evening the members of the St. Paul's Literary Society gave an entertainment at the Adelaide Asylum for the Insane. The first and second parts comprised several dialogues, in which the characters were well sustained, some songs, recitations, and choruses; the third part consisting of the farce " Nan the Good for Nothing." This was performed in a very creditable manner, and was thoroughly enjoyed by the patients, who also entered into the two scenes from " The Kivals," between Sir Anthony and his son, in a-way that must have surprised some of the strangers who : were present. The Gipsy Chorus from " Preciosa" j was executed with precision and spirit, so also was "The Ked Cross Knight." In fact, as a whole, I the entertainment was a success, and the inmates conveyed their acknowledgments to the kind amateurs by several rounds of cheers at its dose. "John Knox and HisTimes."—TheRev. James Henderson, of Port Adelaide, lectured on "John Knox and his Times" in the Presbyterian Church, Flinders-street, on Wednesday evening, August 26, in aid of the Sabbath-school funds. In Bpite of the sloppy state of the streets, and the threatening weather, there was a good attendance; Mr. D. Murray presiding. The rev. lecturer prefaced the portion of his address relating exclusively to the great Scottish reformer by describing the state of the civilized world just before the dawn of the Reformation, and the circumstances that fore shadowed and combined to assist in producing that great event. He then passed on to notice the con dition of the Christian Church in Scotland at that period, and to advert to the corruption and super stition that pervaded it to even a greater extent than any other in Western Europe; Scotland being like wise at the time the puppet of France.. The occur rences were then described that gradually operated to bring about the change in faith and knowledge which was so greatly needed by the Scottish nation. TheS appearance of John Knox at this critical juncture to rule the rising storm and guide the en raged populace in the true path when aroused against the oppression of their priestly tyrants, was then referred to, the exertions of the intrepid re former to spread Protestantism throughout the length and breadth of the laud, and his unceasiDg efforts to preach down Popery being also dwelt upon. Reference was then made to the moral re generation wrought by Knox and his associates in their native country, and the complete success that eventually crowned their labours, in spite of the persecution and deadly opposition of their Romish rulers. The proceedings closed with a vote of thanks to the rev. lecturer and the Chairman. Railways in the Western County op Victoria.—We notice that the people in the Western Districts of Victoria are keeping up the agitation for a railway to connect those districts with Victoria. Several deputations have waited upon tbe Victorian Chief Secretary on the subject. One was introduced by Sir J. Palmer, and Mr. Nixon, Secretary of tbe League, in introducing the business, said: -"There were many reasons why delay would be exceedingly dangerous and hurtful. Loth to the country and the district. Sir James Palmer had in his opening remarks referred to the fact that the South Australian Government in tended to extend railway communication as far as Apsley; and if this were done, then the traffic of the West would be tapped and directed towards Adelaide. Some explanation was necessary with regard to tbe cost of the line which they wished to be formed. He believed he was correct in saying that the average cost of the existing lines of railways was somewhere about £35,000 per mile, and that a large amount bad been spent on stations and other unnecessary works. They (the League) proposed that their railway should be built ou the same principle as that adopted in the States and Canada-only a single line, and every advantage taken of the facilities presented by the natural features of the country through which the line passed. They wanted no palatial residences to be used as ruadside stations. There had been a trial line surveyed, but they did net ask that their route should be adopted. They did not advocate for tbe route via Ballarat; but he had been in formed by Mr. Blackburn, tbe engineer, that the cost per mile of a line such a3 they proposed to make would be nearly £8,000: but even if it came to £10,000, that was certainly much less than the price previously paid." The Chief Secretary in this instance intimated that it was intended to oegin tne lines required in the .North first. On another occasion Mr. Butte s. M L. A., in introducing a deputation said—" Kecently it had become known that the South Australian Govern ment had purposed making a line from Lacepede Lay, with the view of tapping the Hamilton country. It was felt that an enormous loss would accrue to the revenue of this colony, if some steps were not promptly taken to nullify that project, and in order to protect the revenue as well as the interests of the district, which were identified with the colony, they had been compelled to take measures to frustrate the apparent object of the South Australians by forming a short line from Portland towards Branxholme and Merino. If the deputation were compelled to draw com parisons somewhat unfavourable to the western line, it was not with a view of interfering with that undertaking, but merely to point out that the object proposed to be gained by that League could be accomplished by some S3 miles of railway at one-sixth of the cost; that it would just as effectually meet the requirements of the district, and save the colony something like a revenue of between £50,000 and £60,000 per annum, which would otherwise, when the projected line of railway from Lacepede Bay was completed, go to swell the coffers of the South Australian Treasury, and sap the entire trade of the district. The line proposed by the Western League would not beuefit the district represented by the deputation In the least, and they would be as much constrained to send their wool and goods to Adelaide as if no line of railway from Hamilton to Ballarat existed." Mr. E. Dacomb, of Portland, supplemented this by saying:—"If South Australia carried out their proposed line from Lacepede Bay to the border of the colony, they would take annually between 15,000 and 20.030 bales of wool, which was at pre sent at considerable cost transmitted to Melbourne; and it would follow that all the settlers forwarding their wool into the adjoining colony would obtain their supplies in return from the same quarter, and those supplies being shipped from Adelaide, the duties would be paid there. The South Australian Government was bidding high for the Victorian Border traffic, and a line had not only been sur veyed from Lacepede Bay to the Border, but the bonds to secure the capital for carrying out the work had been sent to England; and he believed some of the plant was actually on its way to that colony. He submitted a plan showing the line already surveyed, and partly completed, being the original line of tramway from Portland to Hey wood. It had been made at an expense to the State of £35,000. A few wooden rails had been laid, but they had rotted away. If the country around Goleraine, Merino, and Branxholme had ready access to the seaboard, it would give a very great impetus to trade, and would counteract the £ inject of the South Australian Government." a answer to the Chief Secretary, Mr. Dacomb said they might look for a revenue of £18,860. Mr. McCulloch acknowledged the desirability of open ing up the country with the least delay. But the Government were in a position to do that only gradually, and as far as tne means at their disposal would permit, without imposing extra burdens upon the community. If the scheme submitted was at all acceptable in its' features, the Govern ment would consider it favourably, taking into account the money that would be available for interest on the amount of capital borrowed for these undertakings. Hullah's Music.—On Wednesday evening the members of the singing classes, conducted by Mr. Tilly for the practice of Hullah's system of music, gave a public entertainment in the schoolroom beneath the North Adelaide Congregational Church. The place was well filled, and Mr. R. A. Tarlton presided. In opening the proceedings, he remarked that it was now 30 years since John Hullah translated the system of music which bore bis name, and it was about nine months since Mr. Tilly commenced to translate John Hullah in North Adelaide, and the audience would have an opportunity of judging how far his translation was a correct representation of the original. The pro gramme consisted of selections arranged progres sively, the first part commencing with exercises in Canon, and including several favourite pieces, such as "The Lark," "The Spinning Wheel," " Mark, how Softl>," "Hunting the Hare," "The Song of Australia," and others; while the remainder of the programme was made up of well known glees—"Hark, the Lark," "The Red Cross Knight," "See our Oars," "The ErlKing," &c.;, moBt of which were given in a veiy creditable manner, taking into consideration the bad acoustic properties of the room, that essential element correct time—being well preserved. Altogether Mr. Tilly has reason to congratulate himself and pupils on their first appearance before the public, considering the short time which the classes have been under his instruction. The proceedings of the evening were rendered additionally attractive by judicious remarks from the Chairman upon mc st of the pieces, and he strongly advised his young friends to go through a course of Hullah's music. Before tne audience separated a vote of thanks by acclamation was awarded Mr. Tilly and his pupils. vital Statistics.—The number of births and deaths registered ia the District of Adelaide during the week ended Saturday, the 22nd of August, wereBirths, 24 males, 18 females; deaths, 13 males, 11 females. Total—42 births, 24 deaths. Excess of births, IS. The Rev. J. Gardner.—It will be seen with regret, from a report elsewhere of the Presbytery meeting, that the Rev. J. Gardner has positively decided to leave the colony. We refer our readers to the account of proceedings for full particulars. Sopbeme Court.—The Full Court sat on Tues day, August 25, when arguments were heard in the appeal in the Equity suit of the West Kanmantoo Mining Company v. English, Scottish, and Aus tralian Chartered Bank. Judgment was reserred. The Lake Hope Camels.—From Port Augusta we leant that some of the camels were there from Lake Hope, and were in fine condition. A number of men (Europeans) arrived by the steamer Lubia to take charge of them. Treason - Felony Bill. — The Hon. J. H Barrow's remarks on the 3rd clause of this Bill were inadvertently attributed in the repoit to the Hon. J. Baker. The Tbdbo Meeting.—Mr. A. Kauffmann, of Truro, who was Chairman of the meeting reported in a late issue, desires us to correct the mistake made in affixing the letters J. P. to his name. Scabby Sheep acboss the Border.—The fol lowing figures, representing the licences applied for in some Victorian districts during the month of July, may give an idea of the liability to infec tion to sheep crossing our South- Eastern Border:— Licences under the Scab Act were issued during the month of July as follows:—Benalla district, 1,23*2 sheep; Hamilton district. 100 sheep: Hexham district, 4,562; Kilmore district, 3,74 >; Sandhurst district, 1,130; and Seymour district, 8,000. Boiling Down.—Subjoined is a letter from a • station-holder on the Murray to the manager of the boiling down establishment at Wentwortb, showing the net proceeds of two flocks of sheep disposed of in different ways "Lake Victoria. Lower Murray, "August 9,1868. " Dear Sir—I have received your letter of August 5, asking for information as to two flocks of fat sheep forwarded from this station in June last— 2,0-20 wethers to the Adelaide market, and 1,804 ewes to your boiling-down establishment. " The two flocks, as far as I could judge, were in the same condition when they left the station; of course the wethers were much the largest and heaviest sheep. The wethers, after travelling six weeks, were sold in the Adelaide market at 6s. 6d per head. The charges on sale, losses and expenses going to town, came to Is. 3d. per head, leaving a net return of 5s. 3d. per head. "The ewes were travelled three days to your establishment, and yielded 18} lbs. of tallow per head, valued at 3}d. per lb. on the bank of the Murray, amounting to 5s. 4id.. skin at Is. 6d., makes 6s. lOJd.; deduct Is. 7id. for boiling and tanking, leaves a net return ot 5s. 3}<L, or a half penny more than the wethers, which ought to have brought at least a shilling a head the most. " you can make any use of this letter that you like, as I can give you all the details, if required. "Yours truly, " P. H. Gell. " D. Grant Gosse, Esq." [ Messrs Gordon & Thompson have requested us to state that the sheep above refered to were sold by them.—J£D.J The Salt Company.—The South Australian Salt Company (says the Wallaroo Times) is being brought out by some gentlemen at Moonta. The salt will be fetched from the Salt Lakes to Port Wakefield, where it is intended to erect proper buildings. Application has been made to Govern ment for the lease of a sufficient quantity of land at the lakes, and granted. The Secretary with some other gentlemen who take an interest in the scheme have made their calculations with the greatest care, and there is every prospect of a good profit remaining when all expenses are paid, if the salt is even sold at amuchlower rate than its present value. Port Wakefield has been decided upon as a site for operations, because the cost of carriage from the lakes is less to that place than to Wallaroo; the price of firewood is also lower, and the salt, when made, can be forwarded to Adelaide in small, barges at a lower price than from here. This manufacture is one of a description that all real believers in the fostering of native industry should take an interest in. The article proposed to be manufactured can be sold for less money than if imported, and every ton which is used will thus represent a clear gain to the colony of the dif ference in cost between the home made and the imported article. The Attempted assassination of Pbincb Alfred.—In the report of the debate in the House of Commons, on a day early in June, the Times gives the following question and answer in connec tion with the late attempt on the life of the Duke of Edinburgh"Mr. Verner asked the first Lord of the Treasury whether he had seen a state ment in the newspaper of the hon. member for Kilkenny to the effect that the British Government had ample knowledge of the fact that the un fortunate man who had attempted to assassinate the Duke of Edinburgh was not only insane at the time, but had been insane for a considerable period previously, and whether auy steps would be taken to guard the peasantry of Ireland £ . against the circu lation of such scandalous libels? (Hear.) Mr Disraeli replied—I have not seen the statement in the paper of the hon. member for Kilkenny, but L have seen some newspaper statements of that kind. No information of that description has been trans mitted to us at any time. Had we received infor mation of that kind, if we had thought it authentic, of course it would have been our duty to act upon it; but the Government have no reason to believe that the assassin of the Duke of Edinburgh was insane. (Hear.)" Goahead Victorian Squatterh —Some of the squatters in this district (says the Ararat Advertiser) are beginning to understand th& value and economy of steam agency, and to show a very practical appreciation by the purchase of portable engines, which can be made to do an amount of work that is really surprising. One which we saw erected and at work, a couple of days since, was, within the space of two hours, employed in sawing wood into lengths for the various fires in the establishment, boring posts for fencing purposes, crushing com, cutting chaff, and churning, all of which operations it performed in a. most satisfactory wav. The proprietor informed us that the value and efficiency of the engine and appliances had repaid the cost some time since;, .thus posts, which cost by manual labour 3Jd- to bore, were now bored at a cost of ujd. each, and in this way the number of hands which with the services of the engine he was able to do without make a very considerable difference in the yearly expenditure. There is no operation which the engine performs more completely than that of churning; the chum is placed in the engine-house, aud if the day be cold tbe doors are closed to assist the formation of the butter, tbe churn-staff" being raised and depressed with an energy and constancy which human arms would imitate in vain. A Tory Account of the Next Cabinet.—The Imperial Review, a Conservative organ, publishes what it asserts to have been the programme of the Liberal Cabinet which Mr. Gladstone intended to submit to Her Majesty had Mr. Disraeli resigned office:— First Lord of the Treasury—Mr. Gladstone. Lord High Chancellor—Lord Westbury. Lord President—Duke of AJgyle. Lord Privy Seal—Viscount Halifax. Secretary of State, Home Department—Mr. Lowe. Secretary of State, Foreign Department—Earl of Kimberley. Secretary of State, Colonial Department—Mr. Uoschen. Secretary of State, Indian Department—Mr. Bright, Secretary of State, War Department—Marquis of Qartington (with a peerage, and an efficient Under Secretary ). Chancellor of the Exchequer—Mr. CardweU. First Lord of the Admiralty—Mr. Milner Gibson (also with a peerage). Postmaster-General—Lord Stanley of Alderley. Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster—Mr. Layard. Chief Secretary for Ireland—Mr. C. Fortescue. President of Board of Trade—Mr. Childers. Chief Commissioner Poor-Law Board—Mr. Forster. Judge-Advocate-General-Mr. Ayrton. First Commissioner of Works—Mr. Horsman. The Botaby Spader.—We (Border Watch> have paid a visit of inspection to the rotary spader, which may be seen at Mr. Williams's foundry. Commercial-street. The machinery is supported in a wooden frame, attached a to pair of shafts upon a pair of extremely low cast-iron wheels; when at work these wheels are slung up and the rotary spader touches the ground. The spader consists of ten transverse iron bars, in each of which, and pro jecting outwards, are six tymes about eight inches long and two inches in width, which are secured in a circle, the whole working round one common centre on the same principle as a roller. Such is the rotary spader, which at present iB not in working order, having sustained some damage en the pas>age out. When the necessary repairs have been made the spader will be tested, so that the public may have an opportunity of judging of its capabilities. We have received the invoice of the spader, by which we observe that it cost Mr. W. J. Browne £3019s. in England. An Effectual Cube fob Blight.—On Sunday (says the Ovens Advertiser) the sparrows visited the precincts of the Beechworth Wesleyan Church. We saw half- a-dozen of them very busy at very good work on that day. There are a few Bcraggy looking wattle-trees, there evidently suffering from some kind of . blight, and these little fellows were veiy busy, indeed, m arboricultural pursuits amongst the topmost and most tender leaves, waging determined war UDon those myriads of enemies commonly called "the blight." We remarked, also, that although there were six of these invaders in a body, they kept in pairs, as if they had just made up their minds to carry on this war in perpetuity. SheaoakCasks. —A Victorian paper says Messrs. Cohn Brotheis, brewers, of Sandhurst, have recently made trial of the suitability for cask making of a species of slieoak which grows in large quantities in Bullarook Forest, and they find that not only are the casks made from that material equal in every respect to tiie English-made casks, but they can also have them made at about half the cost. The lowest price at which the English hogshead could be supplied was 14s. to 15s., whilst its manufacture from the material referred to costs only 8s. Editorial Compliments.—The Bulletin bewails the failure of the Legislature to provide certain reforms in the State Prison, which, it says, had been plainly indicated. The Bulletin indicated them; but was it not influenced by considerations of future personal comfort! Johanna Kersten, who imagines herself in Australia, has been de clared insane. The Editor of the Examiner, who imagines himself in St. Giles's, has not been declared insane. The Editor of the AUa imagines himself in the sixteenth centurv. His readers are insane.—San. Francisco News Letter. An After-Dinner Keport.—A re porter having dined with some friends, attended a lecture afterwards, and favoured the public with the following report:—"The lecture last evening was a brilliant affair. The hall ought to have been filled, but we are sorry to say only 40 persons were present. The speaker commenced by saying that he was jy birth an ecclesiastical deduction; gave a learned description of Hatan, and his skill in sawing trees. Among other things he stated that the patriarch Abraham taught Gccrops arith metic. We trust the eloquent divine may be induced to repeat the lecture at some future day." What the lecturer said of the reporter:—"Dear Sir—In a repoit of my lecture in your beautiful city, you have made some mistakes, which I wish, to correct. You make me speak of myself as by birth an 'ecclesiastical deduction.* Whatl said was that I was not by birth, but only ecclesiasti cally a Dutchman. Instead of speakjng of Satan as sawing trees, I spoke of him as sowing tares. I said nothing of Abraham, hut spoke of Arabians as nomads of patriarchal simplicity. I said that Cecrops was the founder of Athens, and instructed the people in agriculture." Printed and published every Friday morning and every Saturday morning, by the Proprietors, Edward Wm. Andrews, Wm. Kyitin Thomas, and John Howard Clark, at the offices of the Adelaide Observer, Grenfell-street, Adelaide, South Australia, where advertisements, orders, and oom> munkations are received. 