RELIGIOUS AND PHILANTHROPIC. DIOCESAN SYNOD. MORNING SERVICES. The fourteenth session of the Synod of the Diocese of Adelaide was commenced on Monday, 18th May. In the morning service was held at Trinity Church, conducted by the Bishop, the Dean, and Canon Marryat, and at the close 12 of the clergy and 18 layman paitook of the Com munion. The Lord Bishop then delivered his Paatoral Address:— "Rev. and Dear Brethren—The subjects which invite attention at this our annual Synod of the Diocese naturally arrange themselves into two classes—those which concern the spirit and essence of religion, and such as relate to the organization or work of the Church as a whole, or in its several parts—national, provincial, diocesan, and congre gational. Here, after the service in which we have engaged, I would confine my remarks to the former class, reserving ecclesiastical matters to our business meeting in another place. "During the interval which has occurred since I last addressed you in Synod the principal subjects which have occupied the minds of Churchmen in relation to spiritual religion are Neologian Rationalism in science and biblical criticisms; Ritualism, doctrinal and esthetic; and, finally, outward manifestation of fellowship in the Gospel, which led to the Lambeth Conference of Bishops of the Anglican portion of the Universal Church. "I find less uneasiness prevailing in regard to the progress of scientific enquiry, whether in geology, ethnology, the languages of the world, or biblical criticism. A closer study of the text of Scripture has in many cases modified or corrected traditionary ideas of sacred history and theological interpretations. Supposed difficulties have been removed, and the conviction strengthened that as the Scriptures which furnish the inspired rule of spiritual life, and the order of nature proceeded from the same divine wisdom, they cannot really be at variance. Theologians, therefore, as well as men of science, are content to wait for maturer knowledge, based upon accumulated observations, instead of propounding or confuting cosmical theories on insufficient data. On the other hand the exquisite adaptations of organized creatures to the material world around them, as well as the pro gressive genesis and laws of that world, have been so traced out in the earth beneath our feet, as well as the heavens above us, that on the plainest evidences of intention and will, which are the attributes of a Personal Being (not a mere plastic force), it is irresistibly concluded that he must be fool indeed who says, even in his heart, 'there is no God.' And miracles, as the proper evidences of personal communication from the Author of Nature to his intelligent creatures, come to appear as natural and reason able as the sequence of natural events which they interrupt; for in no other way could the Ruler of the Universe manifest His presence, or declare His will so unmistakably for the instruction or correc tion of mankind. Worship, therefore, that is, "prayer and supplication, with thanksgiving," follow in due order, as the reasonable service of man to his Maker. Theology thus owes its obligations to science, not as discovering truths taught us by the inspired Word of God, but by supplying evidences from the material world in accordance with these teachings. "If the aspect of scientific enquiry has become less antagonistic to revealed religion, neither has ethnology, nor the study of languages, nor geo graphical exploration, nor antiquarian research in Egypt, Asia, or Europe done more than contribute facts confirmatory of the recent appearance and history of man upon this earth. "It may well, then, excite the shame and regret of Churchmen, that no legal tribunal has yet been found to try one whom his comprovincial Bishops and the Pan-Anglican Episcopate, as well as Pres byters in their several convocations, have charged with fatal heresy, and with teaching contrary to the formularies of the Church of which he pro fesses to be a Bishop. "Much as may be urged in favour of the great principle laid down by Gamaliel in the Sanhe drin—"Now, I say unto you refrain from these men, and let them alone; for if this counsel or work be of men it will come to nought; but if it be of God ye cannot overthrow it." Yet to what end is the Civil Magistrate acknowledged by mem bers of the Church of England to have the pre rogative of ruling the Suite Ecclesiastical as well as Temporal, if a chief pastor consecrated on the nomination of the Crown may with impunity teach doctrines alleged to be contrary to the truth of Holy Scripture, and wound the consciences of weaker brethren? Such is the spectacle atlorded to the world of a legal but effete supremacy as regards some of the colonial Churches. "The heresy which asserts, in teeth of 284 direct devotional addresses or ascriptions of glory in the Book of Common Prayer and Offices to our Lord Jesus Christ, 'that the whole spirit and the general practice of our Liturgy manifestly tend to discourage such worship and prayer,' and denies that it is 'based on any scriptural or apos tolical authority,' might surely claim some remedial legislation, if need were, to establish a legal tri bunal for its trial. "Contrasted, however, with this indifference, we cannot but remark the outburst of feeling which has shown itself both in and out of Parliament against certain Ritualistic innovations. "Having watched the progress of this revival of forms apparently obsolete, I have endeavoured to discover the principles on which its advocates rest their case, and I shall now lay before you as suc cinctly as I can the grounds on which, in my humble judgment, the Ritualistic clergy have neither law nor Scripture ou their side. "Let me remark, in the first place, that there are two principles which underlie this revival of a more ornate rituaL One is the 'sense of beauty,' and its elevating effect on the human mind; the other a mystic doctrine in relation to the Eucharist. The former appeals to the Hebrew ritual and the splendid garments of the Aaronic priesthood, well suited, no doubt, to a sensuous people and a semi idolatrous age; but with more earnest minds Ritualism is only valued as it symbolizes and teaches implicitly certain dogmatic views. "With regard to the former principle, while we all unite in deprecating that which is mean and slovenly in the structure or service of the sanctuary, yet I believe the sober devotional spirit of the Anglican worshipper is well satisfied with the simple but dignified forms and vestments which have now been in use from the reigns of Edward VI. and Elizibeth; a more scenic service detracts from rather than enhances the worship of the spirit and the understanding. "I pass therefore to doctrinal Ritualism, which a really the object at present of legal or legis ative consideration. It is designed, then, to represent the ministering Presbyter in the character of a sacrificing priest; not offering with his people 'the sacrifice of praise to God, that is the fruit of their lips, giving thanks to His name;' but offering for them to the Father Christ crucified on their behalf. (Hebrews xiii. 15) It claims for the ministering priest that he represents on earth the Great High Priest in Heaven, who by 'one sacrifice perfected for ever them that are being sanctified.' That sacrifice He indeed ever 'presents' before the throne of grace; but the Ritualist, not content to 'commemorate,' 'plead,' and 'appropriate' its 'innumerable benefits,' cems himself to 'present' and 'offer' that sacri fice at the Lord's altar-table on behalf of his people, militant upon earth. He intends, indeed, no repetition of the one sacrifice at Calvary, but still he claims to 'offer' rather than 'commemo rate' Christ's precious death on the cross. He in trudes himself therefore as a necessary mediator betwixt Christ and his worshippers at the Lord's table. That ordinance is no longer solely or chiefly the 'communion of the body and blood of Christ; but becomes a propitiatory oblation on the Lord's altar.' "The train of reasoning which leads the Ritualists to this conclusion is based on the literal interpretatipn of 'this is My body and this is My blood.' It is asserted that by necessary concomi tance, where the body is or the blood of Christ, there His whole Person, as God and Man, 'never to be divided,' is present also. He is to be adored, therefore, 'under the figures of bread and wine, and as being truly 'present' with his body broken, and blood poured out, he is truly 'offered' along with them. "This doctrine requires us to believe that in the bread which our Lord brake, and gave to His Apostles, at the last supper, and in the fruit of the vine which He bade them drink. He gave Himself, with His own hands, as the whole God-man, to be a sacrifice for, as well as the food of, their souls. The Anglican doctrine, as stated in the Homily, concerning the sacrament is not so. It is that here is 'no untrue figure of a thine absent'—that the 'inward part or thing signified' by the outward element, that is, 'the body and the blood of Christ,' are, as the 28th Article expresses it, 'given, taken, and eaten in the Supper only after a heavenly and spiritual manner.' ['It is well known,' saith Cyprian (the Homily goes on), 'that the meat we seek for in the Supper is spiritual food, a ghostly substance, not carnal.'] This is that 'discerning' of the Lord's body of which St. Paul speaks: and,, as the wise Hooker explains it, the Eucharist conveys to the faithful recipient 'all such saving grace as Christ's sacrificed tody can yield,' and this is to such and in them His body.' "It has been said, however, by a Ritualist writer, that this view of the 'sacramental presence of Christ's body and blood' makes the greatest possible demand on our faith. Be it so. Still, that faith is not tainted with Rationalism, either dogmatic ot sceptical. It does not 'intrude into that which it has not seen.' It accepts without questioning the 'severance' which our Lord, in His own words of institution, seems to make between His adorable self and the separate elements of his human nature, namely, His body and His blood. Without question, also, it receives the personal union of the divine and human natures in Christ, 'indivisibly and without confusion.' when the Only Begotten was conceived by the power of the Highest. But to take on Him the likeness of man, who was created in God's image, and to make Himself locally present in 'bread and wine,' is another. The latter assump tion, however, is essential to the idea of 'sacrifice,' and on it the Ritualist takes his stand. For the same purpose, but equally without foundation in fact, the table of 'devils,' at which the heathen sat down and feasted in the idol temples of Corinth, is assumed to be the 'altar' at which the sacrifice was offered. In the Temple at Jerusalem, 'the holy place in the Court of the Tabernacle of the Congregation,' beside the 'altar,' where the meat offering was consumed, cannot be identified with the 'altar' itself on which the blood of the sacrifice was sprinkled. In like manner the altar ot the Cross at Calvary, and on which Christ's blood was shed, and the new tomb in which His body was laid, typically consumed as the whole burnt-offering bv fire, were distinct. The Passover lamb, of which none was left until the morning, and its blood sprinkled on the doorposts, cannot be con founded. The table of shewbread is, indeed, called the 'altar' by Ezekiel and Malachi, but in that offering of 'thanksgiving' there was no propitiatory sacrifice, as in sin-offerings of blood: yet this idea is the essence of the Romish sacrifice of the mass, and apparently of Ritualistic 'oblation.' St. Paul has abstained from using the word altar when speaking of the Lord's table and supper. The like reserve by our reformers in the com munion office shows their anxiety to eliminate error, while securing the true grace of the sacrament itself. "The Ritualists do not indeed speak as the Catechism of Trent speaks of 'immolating the victim Christ,' 'offering a true propitiatory sacrifice,' 'making satisfaction to God for sin,' and so 'meriting all the fruits of the Lord's passian;' yet by vestments, and lighted tapers, and incense, and genuflexion, they imply a doctrine apparently identical in purport with the sacrifice of the mass; and thus it was the first step in the English Refor mation to set aside by changing the canon of the mass into the office of holy communion. "Apart from these considerations—that is, its departure from the spirit of the Anglican office, and its rationalistic interpretation of the words of Christ's institution—Ritualism seems practically to obscure the mission and work of the Comforter. By the daily ministering the sacrifice of the altar there seems to be made, as under the Mosaic cove nant, the remembrance of sins, instead of pursing the conscience and perfecting for ever them that are being sanctified. There is a bringing back the 'bondage of fear,' and putting into subjection to human mediating priests (com passed about with sin and infirmity) the penitent believer. Accordingly sacramental con fession is enforced as obligatory before receiving holy communion, and the ordeal of the confes sional iequired instead of the comfort offered to our uneasy consciences by voluntarily opening its grief, and receiving, if desired, the benefit of absolu tion. In such a system, then, there is nothing in spirit like entering boldly into the holiest by the blood of Jesus. Indeed, the idea of absolution seems to swallow up and put out of sight the duty and power of sanctification. We miss, too, the faith like that of the centurion in the superlocal divine energy of Christ to heal and save even from Heaven. His dwelling-place. Ritualism requires that He should be materially (so far as a 'spiritual body' is material) and locally present under each of the elements separately—the bread and the wine of the Eucharist. No transubstautiation of the elements or consubstantiation with Christ is affirmed; yet, as the figure is in the Ritualistic system linked indissolubly with the 'thing signified,' there is a tendency at least towards worshipping the visible elements as well as the unseen Christ who under them is said to be present. On these grounds we are then, vre feel, compelled to refuse this doctrine as grounded on no warrant of Scripture. But while we speak the truth, we would do so in love, and pray the Holy Spirit to lead us and all others into a right judg ment in these matters. He will guide us into all truth, so that while with mutual forbearance we give liberty to private opinion upon this great mystery, we must firmly insist that the peace of our Church shall not be disturbed by stepping beyond the prudent reserve of our Reformers, who, while maintaining the verity and reality of the spiritual presence of Christ's body and blood in the Sacra ment, are silent as to the doctrine of concomi tancy, and purposely omitted the terms 'altar,' 'victim,' and 'immolation.' To them the Eucha rist was a holy feast upon the sacrifice offered on the cross, the spiritual food of the soul; it was the sacrament of absolution, the pledge and means ot Christian fellowship. These truths are scriptural and incontrovertible. Let us hold them fast and build up ourselves in the faith and love of Christ by more frequent and devouter solemnization of this 'preaching of Christ,' and His cross, which He Himself ordained. "While thus endeavouring, according to the measure of judgment which Christ has given me, to preserve the flock committed to my charge from the Galatian error of seeking to be perfected by the letter, when we have begun in the spirit, I must advert for a moment to a similar formal error in regard to the other sacrament of baptism. It seems almost an outrage on the spiritual teaching of the Redeemer to insist on 'immersion of the whole body' as essential to the validity of the rite. The chief advocate of this opinion and of a new unauthorized version of the New Testament admits that if in one case only immersion would be inapplicable as the equivalent of 'baptism' the argument for its necessity fails. Such a case occurs in Mark vii. 4. The 'washing' or baptism of cups and pots and brazen vessels may be their 'im mersion,' but neither 'tables,' nor 'beds,' or rather 'sofas,' 'couches,' 'divans' can well be con ceived to have been 'immersed' rather than 'washed' by pouring on of water. Nor can it be shown that every Jew 'immersed his whole body' whenever he returned from the 'market' Our saviour (Luke xi. 38) certainly did not so 'im merse' himself, and the Pharisee—his host—was surprised, not at that omission, but that he sat down to meat with 'unwashed hands.' This, pro bably, was done by him of purpose. 'To eat with unwashen hands, he said, 'defileth not a man.' He reproved Pharisaic formality, which was being more particular about outward than inward purity; for the custom of the Israelites from old time was to wash the hands with water 'poured upon them,' even as Klisha (2 Kings iii. 10) 'poured water on the hands of Elijah.' Moreover, the whole nation of the Israelites was not 'immersed' in the cloud or the sea, which they went through on dry land, find yet were baptized into the Mosaic covenaut. The blood of all the sacrifices typical of Christ's atonement was 'sprinkled' on the altar. It seems, therefore, to outdo even Pharisaic for mality to object to pouring or sprinkling of water in baptism as typical of the cleansing work of the Spirit in the heart. Again, the Apostles were not 'immersed' when 'baptized with the Holy Ghost and with fire.' A cloven tongue of flame sat on each of the disciples. I notice these things with much disinclination, but am compelled to break silence by the exigencies of the times. "In like manner, I would not have you ignorant brethren, concerning the Apostolic authority of Episcopal government in the Church of Christ, as if there were want of scriptural witness to it. Historically it rests precisely on the same external evidence as the genuineness of the Scriptures themselves. We receive these, in the first instance, on the witness of the Apostolic Churches, who were severally the keepers of the Gospels, Epistles, and Apocalypse. All these Churches were un doubtedly under Episcopal government before the death of St. John; we must therefore either sup pose the Apostles to have allowed an unauthorized transition fiom Presbyterianism to Episcopacy to have grown up unchecked, or that for the perpe tuity and better government of the Church they directed the appointment of such an order in the ministry. Even before the dispersion of . the Twelve Apostles from Jerusalem on the great per secution of Herod, the oversight and presidency of the Church at Jerusalem had been committed to James, the brother of our Lord. The voice of all early tradition declares him not to have been one of the Twelve, but in the true sense of the word a Christian Bishop. Without insisting on the ministry of Archippus of Colosse, or the 'Apostleship' of Epaphras of Philippi, there can be no reasonable doubt that the powers of governing and regulating Churches, as well as ordaining presbyters and deacons and of excommunicating heretics, was committed by St Paul to Timothy and Titus. To say that these powers were merely temporarily given to them is pure conjec ture in the case of Titus, and is evidently refuted by the context in the case of Timothy, for it was because of St. Paul's own approaching martyrdom that he solemnly charges him 'to reprove, rebuke, and exhort with all longsuffering and doctrine.' for the time was coming, he said (that is, after his death). when men 'would not endure sound doctrine,' but would 'heap to them selves teachers having itching ears, and should turn away their ears from the truth.' That surely was no time to withdraw (except for a season) a chief minister from Ephesus, whom the Apostle himself had placed there, 'to charge some that they should teach ho other doctrine' than that they had received from the Apostles. Passing onward to the close of the century we find that each of the Seven Churches of Asia had its 'Angel.' to whom St John is bidden to write a letter concerning the state of his Church. And to remove all doubt as to the human character of these 'Angels,' the manuscripts of best authority make the false prophetess Jezebel to be the wife of him of Thyatira, who is reproved for suffering her false teaching and impure life. "The letter of Clement written to the Corinthian Church before the death of St John, directly asserts that the Apostles them selves constituted overseers or elders, and foreknowing that there would be contention about this dignity, committed to other (ellogimoi) selected men the power to appoint them.' Such selected men were Timothy and Titus, to whom the 'Apostle' Paul gave the charge of 'ordaining Elders.' Insisting also on the continuity of the Church under the Old and New Covenants, Clement cites the distinct duties of the High Priest—the Priests and Levites as an example to the Corin thian Church, and to repress their insubordinate spirit in deposing their Presbyters. We have further the direct assertion of Tertullian, confirmed by Clement of Alexandria—both writers in the second century after Christ—that in the East 'St John was the chief creator of Bishops;' at Rome Clement was appointed by St Peter. Comparing, then, the Pastoral Epistles of St Paul with the opening chapters of the Revelation, and the latter with the letters of Ignatius of Antioch, Bishop of Syria. A.D. 107, we see how in the latter half of the first century the Episcopal form of church government was accepted by the whole Christian world, and freely spoken of by leading Christian writers as a matter of Divine institution. Could, we may ask, anything short of Apostolic authority have thus completed the organization of the whole Catholic and Apostolic Church? The Bishopric of James was instituted by the Twelve at Jeru salem, that of Titus in Crete, and Timothy at Ephesus by St. Paul, of Clement at Rome, and Mark at Alexandria by St Peter; those of the Seven Churches of Asia by St. John, of whom was Polycarp of Smyrna, and probably afterwards Ignatius at Antioch. It is possible, of course, to shut the eves to these facts, resting on the best historic authority, and so ignoring contemporary testimony, to argue on the yet undefined termi nology of the primitive Church in respect to its ministry. But such reasoning is as inconclusive as to dei.y that Augustus was 'Emperor' of Uome because Julius Cæsar and other Generals were saluted 'lmperatores' by their soldiery. "In these days, when every doctrine, usage, and institution is thrown into the crucible of individual opinion, I may be excused for calling your atten tion to historic authority and the facts to which it bears witness. If we are to 'prove' all things, let m also hold fast those things which an experience of 1,800 years in the Church has found to be good. I would not have you ignorant, brethren, of the scriptural principles of your Church government any more than of its dogmatic teaching. If unity and order are ever to be restored to Christendom at large, it must be by standing on, or returning to the old paths—holding to the faith and Church order once delivered to the saints. Such is undoubtedly the principle and the standard of our Anglican Church. Only let us in faith and charity maintain her principles; and it may yet be granted to her to be the centre of Christian fellow ship (without claiming dominion over their faith) to all those bodies which have maintained or asserted their independence of the Roman Pontiff. She may in the Providence of God be made the instrument whereby the Grecco-Russian Church shall through the free circulation of the scriptures and friendly intercourse return to its primitive simplicity in the Gospel, and build up again the fallen and degraded Churches of the East. If such shall be one result in time to come of the late Lambeth Conference of the Anglican Churches, it will be a signal token of the Divine blessing rest ing on that wise and conciliatory gathering; whereby the unity of spirit and fellowship in the Gospel pervading the English, Irish, Scottish, American, Canadian, and Colonial reformed branches of the Catholic and Apostolic Church was placed before the world in a conspicuous light, and so far a return made towards the visible unity of the Church, such as existed before its Divine organization was linked and trammelled with the civil institutions of the Roman Empire." Afternoon Services. At 3 o'clock the Bishop, clergy, and Synods men met at the Church Offices, Leigh-street. The Synod was opened with prayer. The roll having been made up, it was found that the fol lowing were present:—-Holy Trinity, Adelaide— The Very Rev. the Dean, Rev. Richardson Reid, Mr. H. H. Tutton, Mr. S. Toms; Christchurch, North Adelaide—Rev. W. W. Ewbank. Mr. James Bath, Mr. W. A. Hughes, Mr. G. Young; St. Luke's, Adelaide—Rev. Jas. Pollitt, Mr. W. K Cooper, Mr. C. R. Darton, Mr. R. Hawthorn, Mr. J. W. Bull; St. Paul's, Adelaide—Rev. H. Howitt, Mr. Neville Blyth, Mr. Joseph Thomley, Mr. W, S. Moore, Mr. William Mullett; St Paul's, Port Adelaide— Rev. Canon Marryat; St John's, Adelaide—Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson, Mr. Alfred Spence, Mr. Joseph Pritchard, Mr. W. C. Carter, Mr. Henry Pope; St Bartholomew's, Norwood, Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson, Mr. Alexander Birrell, Mr. Samuel Berry; All Saints', Hind marsh—Rev. Frank Garratt; St Andrew's, Walkerville—Mr. C. B. Young, Mr. John Acraman; St Matthew's Kensington—Rev. K Jenkins, Major Warburton, Mr. Edward Meredith; St George's, Woodforde—Rev. T. R. Neville, Mr. Henry Mottram; St Michael's, Mitcham— Rev. W. B. Andrews, Mr. W. W. Blyth; St Saviour's, Glen Osmond—Mr. Nathaniel Oldham; St. Mary's, South-road—Rev. A. Honner, Dr. Bur ton; Christchurch, O'Halloran Hill—Mr. Frederic Wicksteed; St. Peter's, Glenelg—Mr. J. C. Dunn, Mr. R.B. Coltey: St Philip's and St James's, Noarlunga—Mr. R. D. Bosworth; St James's, Blakiston—Rev. B. T. Craig, Mr. B. Gray; Christ church, Mount Barker—Mr. F. Smith; St. George's, Gawler—Rev. Canon Coombs, Mr. T. O. Jones; Christchurch, Kapunda—Rev. T. J. Smyth, Mr. James Huggins: St. Margaret's, Woodville—Rev. M. H. Pollitt, Mr. G. E. DeMole, Mr. H. D. Cruttenden; St. John's, Mount Pleasant —Rev. W. A. Clayfield, Mr. L. W. Thrupp, Mr. Jas. Phillis, sen.; St Peter's, Robe—Mr. W.S. Douglas. STATE OF THE DIOCESE. His Lordship read the following report on the state of the Diocese: "Having addressed you this morning on the doctrinal subjects which concern the inner life of the Church, I now invite your attention to the state and progress of the diocese in its parochial or con gregational organization. You are well aware how heavily the dispensation of Providence has fallen upon the clergy in the death of four within a very short period—the Revs. Needham, D. Williams, Titherington, and still more recently Mr. Simmons of Salisbury. At the same time the health ot the Ven. Archdeacon Woodcock has become so impaired as to confine him to his bedroom; while a temporary absence in England has been rendered imperative on Mr. Russell, for medical advice on behalf of his wife. Under these afflictive and in some degree unexpected events, it became of prime importance to fill the vacaut cures, though at the cost of suspending those occasional missionary visits which are so effective and so needed in the outlying rural town ships and hamlets. The extent of territory over spread by our agricultural population is so large, the number of residents in any given place so small, comparatively speaking, that the parochial incumbency system of England fails to be prac ticable. Lay readers become a necessity to keep up the ordinances of religion; but even so, unless they are subordinated to a visiting ordained minister, their services gradually cease to be grateful to the members of our Church. My great difficulty under the late removal by death of so many clergy has been how to supply such regular missionary visits; and the difficulty still presses upon me with exceeding weight and seriousuess. "By the 18th Fundamental Provision, the spiritual care of the members of our Church not residing in any parish is to be provided for by means of ordained missionaries or lay persons specially licensed by the Bishop thereto. The em ployment of missionary clergy or catechists in places not included in parochial incumbencies is here clearly indicated. In order to establish such agency in those vast colonies which now form the United States of America, the Society for the Pro pagation of the Gospel was incorporated, and such was the primary charge upon its funds. In like manner when that Society received donations in land and money for the benefit of the members of our Chuich in South Australia, it was for like pur poses and on the like trusts as formed the object of the original charter. Although something has been done in this respect, I am hardly satisfied that a due proportion of the income administered by its attorneys has been devoted to this purpose, or that the members of the Church beyond the precincts of parochial incumbencies have been sufficiently cared for. The returns laid before Synod of the distribution of the Leigh Fund will place this matter in a clear light; and I call attention of Synod to it because the western coast Yorke's Peninsula, the country north and west of Port Augusta, the banks of the Murray, the Tatiara and Penola districts are left without spiritual care; and as Synod has included this subject in its fundamental provisions, it is natural for it to enquire how far it has been carried out. Since my return from England my time has been principally occupied in visiting and confirming in the various Churches; in 25 of which I have officiated on the Lord's Day in a less number of weeks. The candidates already presented for confirmation exceed 400, and there yet remain several Churches where some are waiting for the rite. It has been gratifying to me to mark the evident seriousness of those who have presented themselves, indicating, I would hope, a blessing vouchsafed to the pains taken by the clergy in their instruction and training. So very large a proportion of the whole number having voluntarily partaken of Holy Communion after wards, it affords another ground for hoping that serious impressions in these yonng persons just entering on the career of life have been fostered and matured. "The reports and statistics which have been laid upon the table, emanating from the Standhtg Committee and its Sub-Committees, relieve me from the necessity of going over the topics so ably treated in them. I think when the whole financial position of the diocese, as distinct from the con gregations, is fully understood, and the appropria tion of the general funds of the Church once felt to be both wise and equitable, the working expenses of Synod will be provided by voluntary rating among the congregations. At present there is a lurking suspicion in the more distant parts of tbe diocese that much larger funds are at the disposal of the central authorities than really is the case; and that in the daily distribution the wants of the country congregations are not supplied in fair proportions. I do not think such suspicion justified; but care should be taken to obviate any such feeling, which undermines the character and usefulness of this Synod as the representative body of the various Churches. "During my absence I find two Churches nave sprung up by the voluntary and unaided efforts of zealous members of our Church at Aldinga and Goolwa; while several others have been finished and furnished in more complete manner—Noar- lunga, Lyndoch, Mount Gambier. Salisbury, Yan kalilla, Kadina, and Auburn. Others are being enlarged, or are on the eve of being commenced, namely, at Willunga and Port Augusta. There is, indeed—and I cannot much blame our people for it—a great reluctance to incur heavy debts and personal liabilities beyond their ability to dis charge. Our system may be too rigid in this respect for great show or rapid progress; but we have the satisfaction at least of knowing that the 'indebtedness' of the Churches is very small indeed—in most cases none at all; consequently, that there is ample room for increased liberality. The real retardation, however, of church building and ingathering of worshippers has been the unprecedented loss of clergy by death or sickness. I consider myself fortunate, well knowing the demand now made in England for increased numbers of educated clergy, that I was able to secure the assistance of no less than six—the Revs. Messrs. L. Smith, H. Head. A. Honner, R. B. Webb, F. S. Poole (who will shortly be ordained deacon); and lastly, of the Rev. W.Scott, a student of St Augustine's, who has been ordained for this diocese by the Bishop of Oxford, and who is now on his way hither. A sum no less than £530 will have been expended on their passages to this country; and, after all the delay and difficulty of setting 'the right man in the right place,' the want seems ever to be enlarging, and the gaps never to be filled up. At this present time Narracoorte and Penola, Salisbury, Strathalbyn, Yankalilla, Wel lington, Macclesfleld, Echunga want either incum bent or missionary visiting clergy. We need also a system of clerical education, whereby serious minded and talented young men of the colony may be fitted for the sacred ministry. I rejoice to say there is an evident tendency in this direction, and I earnestly long for the means whereby, separated from all secular callings, they may be able for a time to devote themselves to the study of theology, under regularly appointed teachers, and at the same time make themselves useful as lay readers. It is obvious that if in some cases their private resources may avail in part to their support during one or two years of study, still the Church ought to make pro vision for their assistance and encouragement, providing them at least with board, lodging, and teaching for tbeir work's sake. We have a capitular body; and I always looked forward in the institution of the Chapter to the time when some of its members would give lectures to candidates for Holy Orders in the exposition of Scripture, Ecclesiastical History, and the original languages of the Old and New Testament. That there will be some competent and willing to engage in this work. I have little doubt, to the great advantage of our Church and to their own advance in scriptural and theological learning. Nor do I see anything in the trust purposes of the property administered by the attorneys of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel Fund which should prevent an appropriation of the income for such theological students catechists. "And here I am reminded that while we have had for some time an incorporated and paid Chapter, we have no Cathedral Church, where they have legal right of entry to perform the services to which they are obliged by the trust of their incor poration. "Rightly or wrongly l know not, but I have purposely delayed commencing such a work until the parochial and missionary organization of the diocese had to a considerable extent been established. By God's blessing, that has been to some extent effected; not sufficiently, I admit, in its missionary aspect, but still the basis has been laid on which to extend Home Missionary operations. Our Synod has consolidated itself on the basis of compact, and possesses, I believe, to a considerable decree the confidence and respect of the general body of Churchmen. Means may, perhaps, be devised to give it still more extension, influence, and usefulness. The Collegiate School has attained the first rank in the educational establishments of the colonies, and from the results witnessed every day in College boys who have gone to England, I am bold to say that the foundations of a good English, commercial, medern language, classical, and mathematical education are as well if not better laid in that in stitution than in others far more widely known to fame in the mother-country. The moderate en dowment of our Churches is steadily going forward. Our missions to the aborigines and the Melanesians are sustained, and effectually, yet without observation, maintained on the grounds of religious duty and Christian charity. The Dean and Chapter, as I have said before, are incorporated and endowed. A Widow and Orphan Fund for the Clergy has been instituted, and is prospering. The endowment of the See and See House are sufficient and secure. Should any un foreseen event cut short my tenure of office, I have provided that the Dean and Chapter shall be, vacante seda, my executors, as far as Church pro perty and trusts are concerned. The one work therefore which yet remains for me to inaugurate is a Cathedral. I may not live to see it completed. I may at least be permitted to provide, like David, the plan and materials, even should another enter into my labours. "It is indisputable, I think, that the Bishop of the Diocese should not be the only clergy man in it without a legal right to occupy con tinuously one pulpit from which he can preach the Gospel, as he is bound by his consecration. Yet the exclusion of the late Bishop of Tasmania by the Incumbent of St. David's, Hobart Town, and of the Bishop of Sydney by the Incumbent of St. Andrew's, nay, still more recently, of the whole Pan-Anglican Episcopate (Archbishop of Canter bury and Bishop of London included), from West minster Abbey and St. Paul's, would render me very unwilling to try before the Civil Court the legal right which custom ami ecclesiastical prin ciples give to the Bishop of occupying any and every pulpit of his diocese in turn. Personally I have ever found the utmost readiness to receive my episcopal ministrations; but still I have been reminded that the slightest interference with the legal mode of conducting the service ia beyond my province, and trenches upon the rights of the Incumbent Presbyter. The time, then, has, I think, come when I may put my hand to this work without incurring the charge of interfering prema turely with the parochial organization of the City of Adelaide. On the 29th of June I shall have filled—how inadequately, God knows—the See of Adelaide for 21 years. On the 28th of December, if I live to see the close of this present year, I shall have been a resident colonist of 21 years' standing. I shall hope, then, D.V., to lay the first stone of the Cathedral on the latter day, and I trust it may be with abundant thanksgiving for a plentiful harvest. "After much thought and on many considera tions with respect to the means of supplying the daily and Sabbath services of such a building, as well as the tendency of the population within the ample verge of the city, a site on property belong ing to the See at the entrance of North Adelaide, fronting the Park Lands, and at the corner of John-street has been selected. "South Adelaide already possesses four paro chial churches. A second church will in a year or two be needed for the members of the church in North Adelaide, east of O'Connell-street and Irish Town, Hackney, and other suburban dwelling places. Easily accessible by the Frome Ford as well ss the Morphett-street Bridge, it is equi distant from the Post-office, and the northern boundary of North Adelaide itself, within an easy walk of Government House, it will be readily accessible for any public occasions or festivals con nected with our Church. The front will form a noble vista from King William-street "With regard to building funds, a sum of £2,500 contributed originally by private friends on my advancement to the See, then added to by the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge and tbe late William Allen, has grown by careful management to an amount which will exceed £7,000 to the early part of next year. Promised subscriptions will taise the amount to above £8,000. Is it too much to ask or expect from the diocese an additional sum of £1.000? For such a sum a stately though simple church might be built capable of holding 1,000 persons, if, at least ornamentation be subordinated to size and proportion, and if we leave enrichment to those who shall come after us. In the days of scepticism and carelessness, I am persuaded that it is good for those who believe in God and Christ to show and act out their belief by some outward work for His glory—a work which demands energy, patience, self-denial, perse rerance, liberality, determination, and the single motive of seeking not our own glory, or gratifying merely our ecclesiastical pride, but because we do not like to see the worship of God carried on in mean buildings while our own houses are ceiled with cedar and painted in vermilion, abounding also in every luxury which decorative art can suggest and profuse expenditure can supply. "I have left myself little time to allude to the legal questions affecting this and other colonial dioceses. The critical state of politics in England may render abortive any attempt upon the part of the Secretary of State for the Colonies to legislate with reference to these matters. Meanwhile, from the recent decision of the Supreme Court of Natal, affirming the legal validity of the Letters Patent erecting that diocese, it may be inferred that the non- existence ot a representative constitution by Act of Imperial Parliament in this colony in 1847. and the appoint ment of a Nominee Council by the Crown, places the legality of the like exercise of the prerogative, as in Natal, beyond doubt: in a word, that the same power which nominated the Council did not act ulta vires when, under the Act of Supremacy of Elizabeth, it erected a diocese and appointed a Bishop, who was consecrated by the Archbishop of Canterbury, under a mandate from the Crown. Hence also the corporation sole attached to the occupant of the see would appear to be strictly legal." STATISTICS A statement of the accommodation provided in the various churches of the diocese showed that, allowing five square feet for each person, there were sittings for 13,935 persons. The number of communicants showed a slight increase. In the Sunday-schools there had been a slight decrease, caused probably by the unsettled state of things resulting from deaths and changes among the clergy. The sum total of offerings and collections amounted to £7,964. BALANCE SHEETS. The balance-sheets and statements of accounts in connection with various funds were presented, and, on a motion to that effect, were taken as read. VOTE OF THANKS. Mr. N. Blyth moved, and the Rev. J. Pollitt seconded, that the thanks of Synod be presented to His Lordship the bishop for his pastoral address and report and that these be printed. Carried. His Lordship acknowledged the vote, assuring the Synod he had endeavoured to speak plainly what he believed to be truth, though of course open to correction and fallible like other men. MELANESIAN MISSION. The Secretary of Synod (Mr. F. Wicksteed) read the subjoined report of this mission as fol lows:— "To the Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of Adelaide. "The Committee of the Association in Aid of the Melanesian Mission have to report to your Lordship that meetings have been held during the past year in aid of the mission at Auburn, Nor wood, Mitcham, Glenelg, Woodville, St. Paul's, Port Adelaide, St Paul's, Adelaide, and at Trinity; and that sermons specially in behalf of the mission hare been preached at Clare, Penwortham, Auburn, Gawler, Glenelg, Mitcham, Woodville, the Collegiate School, Port Adelaide, St Paul's. Adelaide, Walkerville, and Christchurch, North Adelaide, with probably several other places from which contributions have been received. "It will appear from the balance-sheet, which is appended, that the sum collected, including a balance of £62 18s. 8d. from last year, has been £246 0s. 3d. Of this £230 has been remitted to Bishop Patteson. This is considerably under the sum raised and remitted last year; but while they regret that the funds of the Association have been thus diminished, they think it right to express their belief that this is very much owing to the great call for local help which existed in many places during the past year, in part also it is due to the Rev. Canon Russell being called from his post of Organizing Secretary at the very busiest time. They trust that the blessing of God will be on their valued and beloved fellow-labourer and his wife during their absence from the colony, and that their many friends may soon be able to welcome them back again in restored health. They rejoice in the knowledge that much material help, which would otherwise be given to the Melanesian Mission, is being given to the abori gines of this province. "Contributions of knives, hatchets, and fish hooks for barter, clothing for the native girls and for the pupils of the school, jams, and ether ship's stores, and drugs, have been received, and are gratefully acknowledged; quinine especially, which was kindly sent by Mr. Downer, of Port Adelaide, is most useful, as the members of the mission are much exposed to attacks of fever and ague. "The Committee would be glad if the local col lectors would forward the names of subscribers to the fund to be printed in the report, which the Committee hope to furnish annually. They would also be glad lo know the number of copies of the report required by each collector. It would also materially help the mission work if the clergy would inform the Organizing Secretary, the Rev. T. Field, at what times they would desire deputa tions to visit their parishes. One or other of the Central Committee will always be ready to under take this duty. "In conclusion, they desire to express their thankfulness to Almighty God for the steady progress of the mission work in the Melanesian Islands, for the success which has attended the removal of the central school to Norfolk Island, and for the growth of spiritual life among the pupils of the school which has been such that several have been baptized during the past year. "They have learnt with much pleasure that there is no truth in the rumour that Bishop Patteson was likely to relinquish his important charge. "The Treasurer's account is forwarded here with. "Geo. H. Farr, Chairman." Mr. N. Blyth moved, and Mr. N. Oldham seconded, the adoption and printing of report. Carried. STANDING COMMITTEE. The subjoined return, showing the attendance during the year, was presented:—The Right Rev. the Lord Bishop, 6 times; the Very Rev. the Dean, 10; Rev. Canon Marryat, 8; Rev. Thomas Field, 7; Rev. George Dove, 7; Rev. Canon Russell, 6; Ven. Archdeacon Woodcock. 5; Rev. W. B. Andrews, 3; Mr. F. Wicksteed, 13; Mr. Neville Blyth, 10; Mr. W. A. Hughes, 9: Mr. William Mullett, 9; Mr. C. B. Young, 8; Mr. N. Oldham, 8; Mr. W. S. Douglas, 8; Mr. R. B. Colley, 7; Dr. Duncan, 5; Mr. H. H. Turton, 5; Mr. O. K. Richardson. 4; Mr. William Gosse, 2; Hon. A. Blyth, 1; Mr. F. J. Sanderson, 1. ELECTION OF COMMITTEE. The ballot for the Standing Committee for the ensuing year was then proceeded with, the Revs. Canon Farr and W. W. Ewbank desiring not to be appointed members, there being difficulties in the way of regular attendance. The Rev. A. Honner and Mr. W. Mullett were appointed scrutineers, anil the following were chosen:—The Very Rev. the Dean, Rev. Canon Marryat, Rev. G. Dove, Rev. T. Field, Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson, Rev. W. T. Andrews, Rev. J. Pollitt, Messrs. N. Blyth, W. A. Hughes, H. H. Turton, F. Wicksteed, N. Oldham, R. B. Coley, C. B Young, W. S. Douglas, W. Mullett, A. Spence, Dr. Duncan, L. W. Thrupp, J. Acraman, and Major Warburton. OFFICERS. The various offices were then filled up thus:— Treasurers—Messrs. A. Spence and H. H. Turton; Secretary, Mr. F. Wicksteed; Auditors—Messrs. G. W. Hawkes and R. B. Colley. ELECTION OF SYNODSMEN. The Very Rev. the Dean moved— "That the third of the Fundamental Provisions be repealed and the following substituted:— "Synodsmen shall be elected triennially, and if a vacancy occur another may be elected for the re mainder of the term." He believed it would cause Synod to be regarded as a more important body, having more weight and would induce the laity to take a greater inte rest in its proceedings, and in Church matters generally. His Lordship thought that without any altera tion the congregations would return year after year the best men to represent them, and those most aquainted with their forms and modes of trans acting business. There might on the other hand be an obnoxious Synodsman chosen for three years, who could not be got rid of without a motion creating ill feeling, whereas by an annual appoint ment such a one could be quietly dropped out After a short discussion the motion was with drawn. THE MARRIAGE ACT. The Very Rev. the Dean asked the President of Synod— "If the Marriage Act lately passed in this colony is (as the lex toci) to supersede all other marriage laws; and whether it is to be the rule and guide of the clergy of the Church of England in this pro vince in the solemnization of marriage, even if inconsistent with or repugnant to laws civil or ecclesiastical still in existence in the kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland." A law might be passed in the colony at variance with the law of England, and he desired to know whether the clergy would be justified in declining to act. There would be inconvenience if every clergyman decided the matter for himself as to time, place, and circumstances. If, for instance, the colonial law made marriage with a deceased wife's sister legal in South Australia, were they to decline, and what was to be done as to times and places? These were matters of grave importance. His Lordship replied as follows:— "That the marriage law of this colony appears only to vary the mode of solemnization of mar riages; that by the declaration on which the Synodal Compact is founded this diocese is iden tified with the laws and customs of the Church of England, which the clergy are bound in conscience, as far as applicable to this colony, to carry out that to determine the limits of such applicability is the proper object of a Select Committee of Synod. "That no law of marriage in this colony, repugnant in principle to the marriage law of England, can validate such repugnant marriage, nor hinder the effect of such illegality in regard to inheritance of property in England." REPRESENTATION IN SYNOD. The Very Rev. the Dean moved— "That the 9th of the Regulations, not funda mental, be repealed, and the following substituted —"That consecrated churches shall be entitled to return each two Synodsmen, save where two or more may be served by the same minister, when they shall only be entitled to send one each." After a discussion the motion was put and negatived. ENDOWMENTS. On the motion of Mr. Wicksteed, it was resolved— "That in case any Church does not accept its turn for endowment when offered, it shall be com petent for the Standing Committee to reconsider the case at any time when funds are available before going to the next Church on the list." STANDING COMMITTEE'S REPORT, 1868-9. The report was then read:— "General Church Fund and Home Mission.— The fact of the decrease of funds available for the purpose of augmenting ministers' incomes, while the requirements for this purpose were steadily on the increase, having been forcibly impressed upon the Standing Committee, they requested the Finance Committee to take the whole question of Church Funds available for this purpose into their consideration. They now particularly direct your attention to a special report of the Finance Com mittee appended hereto, wherein you will find a suggestion that the fund hitherto known as the General Church Fund shall for the future be called the Home Mission Fund, and shall be appropriated solely to endowing Churches and assisting clerical incomes, and that an Incidental Expense Fund be raised by a levy upon each Church in the diocese as per scale (vide) to pay the expenses of Synod. "It is the cause of extreme regret to this Com mittee that the appeal made by them in their last report (see pge 190) for increased and general con tributions by all the Churches, has not been more effectively responded to; in fact the gross amount collected has fallen more than 25 per cent. "No collections have reached the Treasurer's hands from the following Churches:— Holy Trinity, Adelaide: Christchurch, North Adelaide*; St. Luke's, Adelaide; St. Paul's, Adelaide; St. Ann's, Aldinga; St Mary's, Echunga; St. Matthew's, Hamilton†; St Philip's, Echunga†; Holy Trinity, Riverton†: Emanuel, Chinkford†; St John's Auburn†; Christchurch, Yankalilla†; St Paul's, Hay Flatt; St. Mary's, Kooringa; St. John's, Salisbury*; Holy Trinity, Melrose†. *Paid since, †Cures vacant for the whole or greater part of the year. "The balance left on hand from the final grant of £500 per annum from the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel (£153 8s. 4d.) has been entirely absorbed. "It will be seen by reference to the special report of the Finance Committee, that in consequence of the devastation of red rust the Church of England Endowment Society has been unable to collect any rents this year, and has had no revenue to dis tribute. "Not only has the balance of the Allen Fund of last year, £142 11s. 4d., been spent but also an amount of £100 contributed by the Lord Bishop, in addition to the usual amount of £400. The balance from the S.P.G. and the balance of savings, and the Bishop's extra grant from the Allen Fund (sources of income which will not be available in the ensuing year), represent more than one-third of the total amount of expenditure on the year's account "Mission to the Heathen.—The amount sub scribed to the Mission to the Heathen is slightly in advance of that of last year, and has been in most instances specially devoted by the Church contributing to some particular mission, a course which your Committee recommended to be con tinued. "Endowment of Churches.—St Peter's, Glenelg, has been endowed during the year in the sum of £500; £167 19s. having been contributed by the parishioners, an equal amount by the attorneys of the S.P.G. and the balance, £125, by the Synod; half from Home Mission Fund and half from St. Asaph's Fund. This entitles the incument to the interest obtained from investment of the money, and which the attorneys guarantee shall for 10 years amount to 10 per cent. During the vacancy of any Cure the amount is paid to Synod, to be disposed of as the Standing Committee may see fit or synod direct. "Clenry Widow and Orphan Fund.—A state ment of accounts for the first two years, ending June 30 last, appended to this report, appears to your Committee to be very satisfactory. No deaths have taken place since the last report affecting the fund. One clergyman has died, but he left no widow or child. "Depot of Books of the S.P.G.—The report of the Committee, appointed at the last Synod, to inquire into the working of this depot will be read to you. An abstract of it has been already printed and circulated. "The Committee appointed to collect and append to the fundamental provisions and regula tions any resolutions passed in Synod since its formation have not completed the work, but will probably present a report. "In accordance with the resolution of Synod, tbe Standing Committee transmitted petitions to the local Legislature with reference to the pro posed alteration of the marriage laws. The Act passed but session is in a great measure in accordance with the spirit of these resolutions. "The question of the separate lay representation in Synod of a Church forming only part of a minister's cure has been brought under the special notice of the Standing Committee; but not being a matter delegated to them to consider, they could only refer the parties applying to the Synod, and now direct its special attention to the question. "The Standing Commitee have had the pleasure of welcoming back to the Diocese the Lord Bishop, who was entertained at a public breakfast, given in the Church Office, at which there was a large attendnace of members of Synod and other members of the Church. "James Farrell, Chairman." Report adopted. FUNDS. We subjoin the amounts of the respective funds: —Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund, annual sermon from 29 Churches, £125 11s. ; General Church Fund, £115 6s. ; Missions to the heathen—General, £12 16s. 7d. ; Melanesian, £60 12s. 7d. ; Lacepede Bay, £47 0s. 3d.; Point Macleay, £6—total, £126 18s. 5d. ; clerical incomes, £742 2s. 8d. ; current expenses of Synod, £137 15s. LACEPEDE BAY INSTITUTION. We also annex the report of the Lacepede Bay Native Institution:— "To the Standing Committee of Synod. "Gentlemen—I have the honour to submit the annual report and balance-sheet of the above mission. "During the past year the average attendance at the school at Lacepede Bay has been about 12. In the early part of the year there were several more seeking admission, but they could not be accom modated in consequence of the smallness of the building; at present there are very few children, as at this season the parents generally take them away for a short time; but the Superintendent in forms me that they are now returning, and that she expects them all back shortly, with the excep tion of two, who have left for the school at Point Macleay, which is nearer to the tribe to which they belong. "Miss Evens having intimated her wish to resign the charge of the school, Miss Armstrong, who has been very highly recommended, has been appointed, and will commence her duties on the 13th of the month. "It will be seen by the balance-sheet that the establishment has been conducted at a very small cost and much praise is due to Miss Ewens for her economical management. "Rations have been regularly supplied by the Government and any reasonable request for supplies, &c.;, has been readily complied with. Many thanks are due to the Ladies' Working Committee of St Matthew's, Kensington, for further timely supplies of clothing which have been most acceptable. "Although the funds received.by the Treasurer have been sufficient for the current expenses of the year, it is most desirable that the sum of £100 should be raised to enlarge the premises, which are most inconvenient. "C. B. Young, Treasurer. "May 4. 1868." His Lordship having declared the Synod ad journed till Tuesday, at 3 o'clock, pronounced the Episcopal benediction. SECOND DAY. The Synod reassembled on Tuesday, May 19, when His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide pre sided. The Very Rev. the Dean and 16 clergymen and 24 laymen attended. The Dean's motion for a Committee to report on the means of supplementing the incomes of the clergy was negatived. Mr. Blyth's motion that an assessment be made on each parish for its share of the Synodal expenses was carried, and the scale proposed was referred to the Standing Committee for readjust ment. The limit of the aid to the income of any one clergyman to £50 in one year was carried by a bare majority. The report of the Committee codifying the reso lutions of Synod was adopted. The Secretary was instructed to write to the Pre sident and Directors of the Church of England Endowment Society, asking for an explanation as to the working of Rule No. 7 in their Rules and Regulations filed in the Supreme Court, with reeard to disposal of the income by Synod. The Standing Orders were suspended, to enable Mr. Hughes to give two notices of motion. Adjourned to Wednesday, the 20th, at 3 o'clock. THIRD DAY. The Synod reassembled on Wednesday after noon. His Lordship the Bishop presided. The Very Rev. the Dean and 12 clergymen and 15 laymen attended. Mr. Wicksteed's motion for the alteration of the first Fundamental Provision was accepted, and a call of Synod made for the 27th instant to con firm it or otherwise. The report of the Committee appointed to collect the resolutions passed by Synod since its com mencement was discussed, and several of them were ordered to be added to the regulations not fundamental. The declaration of trust of Churches, in order to union with Synod, adopted bv Synod May 11, 1860, was ordered to be reprinted and distributed to incumbents and synodsmen for the purpose of laying it before the various vestries. The Synod adopted the report of the Committee on the S.P.C.K. Depot the Secretary being in structed to explain by a foot-note that Mr. Uowcll had paid £22 on account since the interview of the Committee with him. The Revs. Canon Farr, Canon Marryat and Thos. Field, and Messrs. Colley and N. Blyth were appointed a Committee to report on the lay repre sentation in Synod of Churches forming only part of a minister's cure. It was resolved that accounts of the C. W. and O. Fund to March 31 be presented to Synod at its annual meeting, and that one clerical and one lay Secretary be appointed to act in this matter with the Standing Committee, and the Revs. Canons Farr and Marryat and Messrs. Blyth, Colley, and C. B. Young were appointed a Committee to con sider the trust deed. The Very Rev. the Dean introduced the subject of places and hours for the celebration of marriages in this diocese, the further discussion of which was made the first Order of the Day for Friday next The Lord Bishop, at the request of Canon Farr, read the trusts of the new Cathedral, and promised that they should be printed. The Synod then adjourned to Friday next at 3 o'clock. 