Town Tall; and Table Chat. The Municipal Police —One of our Aldermen has given notice that he will move on Monday next that the papers iu three c;ise3 lately tried before ihe Mayor uf Lauuceston, bo laid ou the table. The c;ises are those of three constables, two of whom were fined and the third dismissed Wo believe that the Keullemaii who kis given this uuiice of mo iuu will on rccmi aiik'ratiuu withdraw it, for this reason tint all tbe men dealt, with have been suf liciently punished without the additional exposure which laying these papers on the table would involve. We cinuot see how the Constable who Ins been diiinUsad cm possibly be henefuted by further ex posure. Tue majority of the Council are (ip'ioscd to n reconsideration of his case, and to keep it su long before the public is not the best w;iy frj ciiaWc him to procure ciuployaient iu auy capacity. As there is a vacancy for a Constable the man should send in an. application with uls testimonials to cuaracter, attached, and then his case might be considered without, rescinding any rcaolutidu p.isaed by the Couucil, but it is certainly not lair to dr.ig up the particular* in the cases of two other CoustablcswhotiQ offences, large or small, were dealt with on their merits, and ought to be lelt iuubliviun unless the men should agaiu commit themselves. BURGLARY at Mowbray— John O'Brien, Catherine Dow, and Josiah Harris are in custody, charged with committing, a burglary at .Mrs. Stephenson's, on Friday night, or early on Saturday last. Harris was employed as gardener, O'Brien as a laborer, and the woman as a cook for the men, They broke into the kitchen and stole a flitch of bacon, two hams, three hands of bacon, two pairs of boots aud other articles. O'Brien and the woman were missing on Saturday morning, and information was given to the police. On Saturday night the police found the flitch of bacon where it had been sold by O'Brien to Youll a broker ; the hams and a pair of boots were found between three hay ricks on the swamp. O'Brien was recently committed for stabbing a man named Martin Joyce at the ' Hibernia Inn,' in a quarrel about Catherine Dow, who gave evidence against him, but the Attorney General declined to file a bill against him, and discharged him. Northern h-orticctltural Society's First JixainmoN.— The llrst exhibition of flowers, fruit and vegetables, of the New Northern Horticultural Society will be held iu the Public Gardens ou Tuesday next. Tbo Gardens will be splendidly illuminated in the evening and an excellent baud will perform near the Pavilion. The gates will be open from 2 till 5 and from 7 till 10 p.ra Members are particularly requested to present their tickets at the gate. The following selection will be performed by the b.ind ?— 1\. Galatea March 7. Polka 2\. Quadrillo 8. Quadrillo 3\. Polka {!. March 4- Waltz 10. Quadrille 5\. Kiihottiedio 11. Waltz 6\. Oalop 12. National Anthem Secretary of Northern Finance CoJiMrrrKc.— Ou the item £50 to the Secretary of the Northern Finance Com mittee, being brought under consideration iu Synod, ou Wednesday afternoon, the ev. F. Hales, siid he could not allow that opportunity to pass without benriug lis testimony to the great value of Mr. Kane's services. He considered the success of the Committee waB chiefly due to Mr Kane's labors. The trifling item set down in the report could only bo looked upon as a honorarium ifi acknowledgment of Mr. Kane's valu able services, but those services the Com mittee wore uttor ly,!uuablo to pay for. ( llear lear.) The Veil Archedeacon lleibcy said he fully endorsed the remarks made by Mr. Hales on this subject. Chough or England.— We have ro eived from Messrs, W'alck Brothers & Birehall a pamphlet entitled ' Digest of Acts and Resolutions patted in the Diocesan Synod of Tasmania ' to which aro appended tbo Church Constitution A.«t »ud other r-ocuuieuts compiled by the Secretary of Synod. J'rice two shillings. Every member of the Chinch of Englaud should securo a copy of this useful com pendium. Pins'on's Almanac wn 1608 — We have received from Messrs. Watch Brothers & Birehall, a copy of London Punch's Almanac for 18GS. We recommend it to the notice of :dl Cu'.onial Manufacturers of Punch, and to c jiuiui-oi'jrB in geuuisie wit and wholesonio charicaturo. Found— A sou of Mr. J. Hargreavos, of WelliiiRton btreet, found a small leather vulise, locked, und containing several articles, in Wellington street, between Catiriiugstroot and Frederick-street, ou Monday night, lie ut or.es took it to the Polite Station, where it now remains awaiting tho owner. Trim Doq Snow,— The first exhibition of dogs will be held in the yards at the Town Hall oa Monday next, and about 150 entries have been received by the Secretary. Amnngat them is an Arctic or Esquimaux dog, belonging to Mr C. A. Woodroffe, The sheep dogs are well represented and we have seldom known of. a greater variety of caniue animals being entered fur a first show anywhere. Dogs for exhibition ought tu be in tho yard by half-past 8 o'clock on Monday morning. Jones's Secokd Sweepstakes,— Tickets may be obtained at the tiyduey liutel and the Bull's Head for Jones's second sweepstakes ; the drawer of the winning horse to receive £40 ; of the second horse £25 ; aud of thn third borso £lb. To be divided among starters neither tirst, second, or third, £0 ; and amongst nou startera £4. To be drawn at the Sydney Hotel on or about Monday next, Fiee is WELLisaTOs-siEr-TE.— At elcvou o'clock lnst iu'jrht tho alarm of fim was given at both the bell rtations, and the fire brigades promptly reached the scene of tho fire, in Wellington-street, witli their lioso-rods, eu giuea, &c.; The fire wss burning furiously on tho premises occupied by Mrs. Youug-, general dealer, best known as (xibbuus's old butcher's shop, between Mr. Giblions's new promises aud those of llr. F. Hutton, tanner and leatliorcuttor. The brigades puurod a copious tW of water ou tho himiiu^ house, aud iu less tluiu half n'.i hour the Humes were sub duod, and all dauber of tho iiro oxtendiuy over. The houso — a wooden one — and the stock of poods wore very much damagicd. \Yu understand that neither tho house nor the stock were insured. Mrs. Yoniiir stated that nho had lost a sum of money amounting to £32, which was burnt in her room. The X.Y.Z. Ctun.— The talented members of the X.Y.Z. Club are to (jive two cuterLain munts at the Tueatrc^Ifoyal, in aid of ouo of the local charitable institutions, on Tuesday ami Wednesday evening next. Tho per formance each ore:iin-r will commence with the comedietta of ' The Artfid Dodjre,' aud nnicludf! -with 'Tiio Illustrious Stranger.' Pnifcsaor Fe]-]-er's patented ghost illusion will bo exhibited for the first time in tin's cdony. Hie Excellency tho Governor lias kindly eoiispnted to patronise the Club enter tainments, und will .bo present on cither Tuesday or Wednesday evening. Vleasuee Teiv to Geouou Town. — The managers of the Prince's Squaiv Couirrega tional Sunday-school haw nue'it^ro.l the steamer Tauiar to proceed to Gecirge Town on a plo.wu-.o raemi-irm ou Tuesday neit— tlie Chainpiuii Eaco day. Tins BoicEraAs Glass Bloweim.— A midday entortaiiimeut will bo given at tliroo o'clock ta-day, aud the usual entcrtaiincnt in tho evening. Valuable presunts aro distribute! at ouch cnterUinnient ; tho last will bo given on Thursday evening next, when tho stoam ougiues will be taken to pieces in the presence of the audience. TnE Liuxoeston Cauooii Uxios. — The tweuty-HPcond lneet.in'jf of the Lauuceston Church Union will be held at the Mechanics' Institute on Monday evening next, His Lord slup tho Bishop of Tasmania iu tho chair. Chamtios PiaEOs- Match.— A swoepstako of twenty meinbers, \or £00, will come off at tho Hoyal Jlotol ou Saturday next ; first prize, £25; second do., £12; third do., £8; and fourth, £3. For conditions see uilvor tis'jinont. The Gouhlay Fasiily arc to ro-visit Laun coston next week, aud give a series of their brilliant pntertainmonts. 