PUNCH IN PARLIAMENT. Tuesday, December 15th, 1868. Mr. Speaker took the Chair one minute after his usual time — a " minute " was ordered to be made of this unpardonable want of punctuality, but, on Mr. Speaker's explanation, it was resolved to change it into a vote of " want of confidence" in the clock, and the minute was lost accordingly. Mr. Macleay wanted to know something about secret service money. Mr. Robertson told him that, like the dead man of Kiama, and the air-drawn dagger which told of Duncan's murder, " there was no such thing" as secret-service money. Mr. Parkes had received certain bawbees ostensibly to pay certain amateur " bobbies" whom he had sent bobby-ing round the country after Fenians. The money was paid over to him without any " bobbery," and there was an end of the matter, as far as he knew. Mr. Parkes' motion for the production of certain papers, referring to the assassination of H.R.H., in the possession of Mr. Parkes, lapsed through Mr. Parkes neglecting to insist on Mr. Parkes' atten dance at the House on the occasion. Mr. Macleay moved for the appointment of a select committee to sit upon Mr. Parkes, and discover in what portion of his brain the alleged Fenian conspiracy was organised, and whether he had got any murder or robbery concealed about his person, as the Govern ment had failed to find the least traces of either anywhere else. He thought this the more necessary as Mr. Parkes had turned cowardy- custard at the last moment, and failed to produce the manuscript of his Tale of Horror, after promising to do so this day. He would be sorry to use unparliamentary language, or utter anything to hurt the feelings of the honorable member, but what did he want to go and tell lies for, and say that five hundred special constables had been sworn in to protect the Prince, when he well knew that that fact was no such thing — and why did he try and drag his wretched col- leagues in as participes criminis in treason, by asserting that they knew the Prince was going to be shot at, just as well as he did ? Mr. Macleay proceeded to give the biographies of Messrs. Miller, Bene dict, and Mac. The first-named gentleman had a pleasing weakness for aliases, felony, and other similar eccentricities, and passed no inconsiderable portion of his spare time in apartments provided by Her Most Gracious Majesty for the accommodation of individuals addicted to such pursuits. Well, on one of the occasions when this ardent and impetuous youth was, like Sterne's imprisoned starling, beating his heart out against the bar of his " hotel," and wishing he could " get out" also, it came to Mr. Parkes' long-reaching ears that Miller could a tale unfold would harrow up the soul, turn blood to snowballs, and make each particular hair stand on end like squills upon a playful porcupine. The romantic nature of the ex-Colonial was touched by the avowal — he sought the youth in his lonely cell, and was so charmed with his improvisatorial powers, and the thril ling fiction invented " all out of his own head," that he purchased it at once on mutually advantageous terms, the youth giving him a fair copy of said fiction in exchange for a walking ticket of admission to liberty and the beauties of nature, and an order to draw upon his own invention for as many more romances of the same kind as he could arrive at. Then, there was Professor Mac, but the result of his mac-hinations was only a trifling douceur of £4, for which it appears he was deeply not grateful. It seems, however, he "lacked invention," and was therefore fully paid for what he didn't do. There was, he believed, some room for the rumour, that this indi vidual had simply and fee-lingly cured Parkes of the rumor-tism ; if so, he of course had done a great public service, and deserved a much larger remuneration from the public coffers — for, he who prevented the country from standing still, by putting Parkes on his legs again, merited that country's gratitude bes-toed in the shape of a substan tial leg-acy. But, on whatever footing he and Mr. Parkes might be, by the latter's admission, he had no hand in the great sensational imposition, or rather composition, which was now the subject of debate. It would seem that Mr. Mac's prejudices were in favor of arson, and the extinction of the vital spark of an objectionable " party " by water, either fresh or salt, as the "situa tion " might warrant. As this would have materially altered the " plot," his services were dispensed with in the great literary under taking. The last character (or no character) in this strange eventful mystery was Mr. Benedict, alias Benny Disserty. This gentleman was a much greater ornament to society than the other two, having hitherto, by the combined influence of nous and good luck, escaped conviction. To be sure he was at present in "trouble" about a watch — but watch that to do with it?— "watches were made to go," watch matters where they go to? even if they go out of one person's pocket into another's. Mr. Benedict may have been trained in that glorious political school which obtained during the French Revolution, and denounced all "property" as "robbery." Besides, the possessor of a watch generally has it on " tick," and "tick " is the incubus on all economy, whether political or domes-tic. He did not wish it to be inferred from this that Mr. Benedict was by any means a saint Benedict pur sang. Oh dear, no ! He was far too practical. He it was who first suggested to Parkes the expediency of illustrating the great romance of "The New Crime" with the heads of a dozen Australian Fenians, and offered to do this part of the work himself at the reasonable rate of £1000 per head. Parkes actually jumped at the proposal. It may not be generally known that this acrobatic performance on the part of the hon. gentleman led to that shock of earthquake that was so visibly felt in Sydney some time back. It was then that the " Bohemian " instinct, so often unfortunately associated with high artistic capabilities revealed itself in Benedict. Taking advantage of Parkes' excitement, he borrowed £30 of him (just to post a letter, that's all), and — tell it not in Gath ! publish it not in Askalon ! — actually omitted to pay it back again! It was needless to say that the Fenians were never forthcoming, and the great work was stopped. However, as Mr. Parkes pledged himself to produce something of a thrilling character, and his (Mr. Macleay's) own curiosity was painfully excited, he thought he ought to be com pelled to stick to his pledge and produce some sort of a ghost story, even though it were only the " skeleton " of what it might have been under more favoring auspices. Mr. Parkes who had been out, probably looking for himself, and had found himself out, now proceeded to reply to Mr. Macleay. He was highly pleased that they were pleased still to take so much interest in his long-delayed but shortly-to-be-published Romance. He was, moreover, happy to tell them that the three gentlemen referred to would in no way interfere with it? effect. He knew nothing of Mac. Mr. Hart : He got £4 for blood money. Ah ! that was in his professional capacity. He was a leech, and, as such, " blood money " was a most appropriate term for his fee. With regard to Myers, he confessed he had been led astray ; but what vivid imagination could fail to bo charmed by the frightful horrors in posse which were poured into his ears by that eloquent rapscallion. As to Benedict, he could only say that the way in which he diddled him of £30 effectually put a stop to any further credit he might otherwise have given to him. However, as he (Mr. Parkes) was — but only in a Shaksperian sense — a " Benedict " himself, any further allusion to the matter was most painful to his feelings. He admitted that he had made a mistake about the five hundred specials, but the fact was that he was in such a fright at the appalling statements of Miller that his eye-sight was affected. So apprehensive was he that he might be mistaken for a Royal Duke, that he never saw the notice " Rubbish may be shot here " without an internal quiver, or passed a lamp-post without fearing a double-barreled Fenian might be con cealed behind it, or encountered a preserver of law and order who was not immediately magnified and dignified in his regard into at least ten vigilant officials. Perhaps Captain McLerie ought to have undeceived him, but if he had done so, he (Mr. Parkes) would never have been able to get into his court suit, or perform the trying ordeal connected with his high office with fitting dignity or equan imity. He then proceeded to give an outline of his modified version of the " Kiama Corpse, or the non est Ghost," and assured hon. members that it would be found in every way worthy of their patronage and support. Copious extracts from this remarkable and ingeniously complicated modern fiction will be found in another part of Mr. Punch's columns. Mr. Robertson said he believed that if five hundred specials had been appointed, it would have been less to prevent breaches of the peace than to protect pieces of the breeches of the Windsor uniforms from being riddled by Fenian bullets ; but, however, as they had not been appointed at all, Parkes must have been lying — under a tem porary rush of lunacy to the brain. The fact was that the unfortu nate man had been so flustered by the cocked hat and the other impertinences — he meant appurtenances- -of his official costume, and the bewitching companionship of the three (dis)Graces — Miller, Mac, and Benedict, as scarcely to know whether he was standing on his head or his heels. This naturally produced slight congestion of the cerebellum , and the interview with the blood-thirsty assassin in the " dreadful cell" — (cell with a C, please)— had put the finishing stroke to his sanity. He moved that the " Romance " be dropped, and that the proposed Committee resolve itself into one cle lunatico inquirendo, for the purpose of ascertaining the real state of the unhappy gentleman's "knowledge box." At this juncture, strains of heavenly music wereheard issuing from the outer portal, which were discovered to proceed from apairof bagpipes playing "The Campbells are Coming" and the "Conquering Hero" at the same time, as an accompaniment to "He's a jolly good fellow," cliorussed by the crowd, who were carry- ingM r. Campbell in triumph to the House. Mr. Driver rushed in, and announced in Australian Patriotic vocal thunder that Mr. Campbell had won his election, and was coming to " take a sight " at Parkes. Robertson implored in piteous terms to be allowed to "finish the latter off" by himself, but his appeal was disregarded, and nearly all the members rushed away to see the show, leaving the Premier, with half his " say " unsaid, alone with Parkes, and (happily for him) the Sergeant-at-Arms. As Mr. Campbell had neglected to provide himself with the proper ticket, he couldn't be admitted on that night, so, when the excitement abated, the members returned, and the Want of Confidence debate was shortly afterwards resumed. Mr. Punch, however, feeling great "want of confidence" in his powers to get any fun out of such a weary, dreary subject, left the Senators to their own devices, and returning to dulce domum et placens uxor, dreamed all night of "graves and worms and epitaphs," while gibbering spectres, in the form of Parkes, Mac, Miller, and Benedict, danced Fenian fandangoes around his couch in hideous revelry, undismayed by the presence of 500 skeleton " specials, " who also assisted, " on this occasion only," to swell the din. « 