Station, Farm, & Garden. This page is devoted entirely to the interests of the Station, Farm, and Garden. In conjunction with a numerous list of regular contributors to its columns, we invite the co-operation of all interested in the productive pursuits of the colony to contribute what experience is daily bringing to their notice. We reserve space weekly for recording facts of a practical or striking nature in connection with Stock-raising, Panning, or general Gardening pur suits. The weather on the coast country this spring has been everything that could be desired for the farmers and sugar and ootton growers, but unfortunately the drought, which has bo long interfered with the pastoral interests in the in terior, both to the west and to the north, Btill continues. This drought has been so severe over extensive districts as seriously^to reduce the production of wool. Unless there is a change very speedUy it ia supposed .that there will be this year a reduction of nearly a million on the number of sheep in the colony. In the far interior, both of Queensland and New South Wales, feed and water are both bo scarce that very few lambs have been reared, and in many instances the sheep have been traveUed long distances in search of grass enough to keep them alive—a practice which is invariably attended with heavy losses. The cUp of wool now being shorn wUI not equal that of last year in quan tity, with every prospect of a considerable further reduction in that of next year. These remarks do not apply to the districts in which the superior wools are grown; they lay within a moderate distance of the coast, and have not Buffered to such an extent as the country further inland. These more favored stations have, how ever, not entirely escaped, as there is a great scarcity of fat Bheep, and the butchers have some difficulty in supplying themselves. Another effect of the drought has been that shearing has been delayed to the last moment in the hope of rain. The Wool, therefore, is backward this season, and vessels consequently delayed in their loading. There are now on the berth the Quickstep, taking 2400 bales ; the Westbury, taking 1000 bales; and the Harmodius, taking about the same. AU these are expected to sail during the ensuing week. The Julio Tatham, 327 tons, and Omar Pasha, 1096 tons, are ready to take outward loading; and besides these thejlptfred Hawley, 420 tons, and^Sform King, 1148 tons, are announced ioHoad for England on the discharge of inward cargo. The foUowing extract from a private letter received from Taroom has been placed at our disposal. The authority is undoubted:— " Matters up here, in this district, are very bad —far worse than 1866, and far worse than when I wrote last week. Sheep are dying everywhere at a frightful rate. At Juandah I hear they are aU turned out, and they have not got horses to ride on the station; at Cockatoo, they are starting 11,000 sheep on the roads—a thing they never had to do before. Mr. MUler is traveUing with aU his sheep himself, somewhere about Clifford and Bundi, and I hear they are dying in great numbers, where all the stations are doing so badly, it is difficult to say which is the worst. Added to all our other troubles, we have to look famine in the face. 'There is no flour and sugar, and other supplies#are running short— flour i 8 the chief article; on^none of the stations is there any, or more thpn a few weeks' supply. Some of the stations are almost completely out. Those that have any wiU neither lend nor seU, and several people have been in here to try and buy, but there is none. Zerbe •• has only half a bag to keep bis establishment; Ashton haß none to seU; and Heilborn has, I think, disposed of all his at £6 and £7 per bag. Indifferent sugar is selling at Is. per lb. There are no drays we can hear of, as being on the road. Carriers will not start. Tbe meat we have to eat is like carrion. The butchers sheep, that were fat once upon a time, are now giving up the ghost from starvation. Oh! this is a deUghtful place to live in and no mistake. The short time I have been here is quite sufficient to make anyone abhor the place. The town as you may imagine is very duU; no one coming in from the stations if they possibly help it/J#" jl One of the most mafniflcejft climbers in our coUection is the large blue Clematis (Azurea Grandiflora). Wnen in good Überally tended soU, it runs up to a height of 20, occasionally 30 feet; 10 feet ie a common height. The plants are covered with blue Btar-Bhaped flowers, chaste and elegant at the same time. Two other varieties of the same plant are good, also —viz., Clematis Sieboldi and Clematis Sophia. Mr, Hill, of the Queensland Botanical Gar dens, has for a considerable time devoted his energies to the acclimatising of different varieties of the cinchona plant. At the present time he has a considerable assortment of young plants, in pots, which, according to the custom of the establishment, will be distributed amongst parties in different districts, who are likely to take care of them. From the affinity of many of the. native plants to the tribe cinchonacea, there are strong reasons for beUef that the imported plantß will do well here in some places. The Government of Jamaica having exerted themselves in the same way, it is plea sant to learn upon reliable authority that there is every prospect that&heir; attempt wUI be at tended with success. Jtjtider the direction of Mr. Robert Thomson operations were at first con fined to propagation, which was undertaken in a Bystematio way in the early part of 1866. In March of the following year progress had bo far been made that tfcere were some 800 plants fairly growing. It was then deoided to culti vate the trees on a more extended scale. With this view plantations of from 100 to 200 acres were marked out in the Blue Mountain range and propagation was again carried on in con tiguous Bites ranging as regards elevation above sea level from 3500 to 6500 feet. At the pre sent time, as the result of the growth of cut tings and of seed furnished by Dr. Hooker from Ceylon, there are about 25,000 plants in vigorous growth. In May, 1867, a Bcore of cinchonaß were transferred to a site at an altitude of 3700 feet when they were about six inches in height ; at the beginning of the present year they had actually grown to a height of three feet. The larger number, however, of the 25,000 were in pots, 500 only had been planted out at a height of 5200 feet. Mr. Thomson, we understand, is fully impressed with the opinion that the culti vation of the cinchona wUI be " highly remune rative." He is not prepared to say which species is likely to be most luxuriant, but he has every reason to beUeve that the ultimate success in Jamaica wUI not yield to that of India. There need be no further fear of loss amongst the ripe sugar canes in the eastern district. We may, with much confidence, state that all the canes are crushed or in a fair way of being so; that is, the canes of those who wish them crushed. By means of small reamers and punts, Mr. Hope's manager commenced to carry canes to the Cleveland mill and crush for the growers of the Albert about seven weeks ago ; those of the Logan followed; then came the Brisbane and the adjoining creeks, and at the end of last week canes were being carried to Cleveland from the Seventeen-mile Rocks. This is highly encouraging news for the small growers, who will now extend their operations, in full confidence of their canes being made into sugar. We have heard highly satisfactory ac counts from growers of cane in different locali ties at the result of their crushings. In some cases the canes were purchased from the growers; in others the usual half-and-half plan was followed, and again the sugar was purchased after crushing. It is heart-rending to hear of men upon sta tions suffering from cutaneous or skin disease, for want of vegetable diet. Flour, buUock, and tea, in some form or other, day after day, week after week, month after month. How tiresome it must be; and not the slightest necessity for it I A few heads of lettuce would offer a treat under such circumstances, and everybody could grow them. A few yards of fenced-in soil (we had almost said the bottom of a watch-box) would do. Appended are the names of a few varieties, any one of which could be sown and made fit for the table in two months :—Drum head, Silesian, Cob, Crisp German, Berlin White, NeapoUtan. All are good. We ask those who are anxious about the wel« j fare of their fruit trees to examine the peaches ' just now, and see if they cannot be improved by ' a systematic pruning next winter. On the trees which have been allowed to grow at random, j long thin branches are hanging down with the . weight of a few fruit, and many of them wiU j break down before the first wind storm. The '■ pruned trees hold up weU under their load, and . are not put out of shape or exhausted to such a ; degree 'hat they will not be able to bear next season. A good half of aU fruit trees are ruined for want of pruning. The conviction is being rapidly forced upon all who live by tbe cultivation of the soil, that even moderate success oan only be ensured by going into and doing work rapidly when the weather is favorable. In haymaking this is pe culiarly noticeable, for extra hands are not to be obtained at short notice when their services would be of the greatest value, and much hay is from that cause injured which otherwise would turn out a really prime article. Machinery is much wanted, and it is with great pleasure that we learn from a correspondent that he has had an opportunity of witnessing the working of a mowing machine, lately imported from Victoria by Mr. A. Radcliffe, and which was engaged in cutting a field of oats on the farm of Messrs. G. and S. Grimes, at Oxley. Considerable doubt was felt before commencing operations as to its ability to compete in the quaUty of the work done with ordinary scythe cutting, but all doubts were quickly set at rest as Boon as the work began. The oats fortunately were all Handing and in good order for cutting, so that we cannot say anything as to the way the work might be performed if the crop was laid. We may safely say that the work was equal to that done by the eythe when in the best hands, and superior to it if in the hands of second-rate mowers. The oats were left ready for drying, being well spread out and requiring no shaking, as is customary after the ordinary mode of cut ting with the scythe. The machine requires two horses, a driver, and a boy to attend, and cuts about one acre per hour. The cost of cutting by ordinary scythe is about 55., or a trifle over per acre, whUe at the rate above mentioned, if we leave out the cost of wear and tear of ma chine, Is. 6d. covers the cost. The machine was made^by Bolins and Co., Melbourne, and we understand the cost, with duplicates of parts most liable to break, was about £31, delivered in Brisbane. It was imported by Mr. Badcliffe, fifMHang lucerne, of which he has a consider able quantity, and does its work on that crop in an equally satisfactory manner. The advan tage of having such machinery wUI be appre ciated by thoße who grow hay in quantity. TDU AND QUANTITY. 1862. Number of Days in j which Bain fell... i 10 1863., 1864. 1865. 1866. 1867. 11 8 2 11 , ... 203 234 0-35 950 ... Vail of Bain, by in-1 ohes 3-88 Table showing Rainfall during the Month of December, from 1862 to 1867: 