H E S BY PHI Z.—No. 3. " (REVISED Br QUIZ.) f, though we have our time pretty are both open for anything in the est employment in order to better nces. That was the object we had aving our country—to better our Ve are both well satisfied with our tions, still we have a fair share of " vice of noble minds " as some- ; who wrote that pretty sentiment ed in the minds of either Quiz or dangerous ladder that of ambition— tbe ladder itself is sometimes une transverse parts are unsound, on climb when in pursuit of the that doth o'erleap itself," as 'espeare has it. It has led block—some to the roads, where many thousands in the employ ty in every part of the world " diag," as it is professionally termed; given over to the Executive, who me to time, destroyed the last fond many who give way too muck to ambition." Some people, and curgus, is of the latter school—are ~ry—and would have a niche in Fame. Now, fame, like ambition ases; there is successful fame, as uccessful fame. The former is the ition kept within bounds, and the fame that knows no bounds, and "elf.' 1 Deniliquin Lycurgus overdoes t well your part" our great poet the honour lies;" but Lycurgus is a hen he is in full fling; he plays his , and, what is worse, he does not ave seen many actors playing their boards of a first-class theatre who when they were hissed—always niissses, fancying they were intended ~rs on the same stage, whose modest appealed so irresistibly to an indul- Your Lycurgus is of the former s not know when he is hissed, con- 1 spitefully serpentine way of condisapprobation of Lycurgus 1 acts is on him. He either will' not or stapd the broad hints given him by ates to pack up his traps and be the outer cuticle belonging to 1 impenetrable that if by some misould " slip his cable " in Riverina, generously leave his skin to one' ostmen, who may have two or three i weekly to ride with the mails, the last the postman for the rest of his arly if Lycurgus were to add to the " i beard wherewith' to stuff the pro- I protest against being miscono not wish any harm to Lycurgus, placed the country under a great him in accepting £500 a year and common parlance, " perkuisites "— 'ng the most valuable part of the (Quiz bids me beware of the law "cially as " the greater tbe truth the ibel.") However, I may venture to far that the " perkuisites" I are the solid applause and hat belong to him of right. Ever}' in and around Deniliquin is worship Lycurgus for the manly tie has made against rusty, fusty, helors. Our " helps " are looking greatest ambition is to become Iph 1 if Nickleby, Ralph Powell uncle were to not the as nnforbard I 1, he would long ere this have be- "diet—little \------ Ralphs would, in all pro now. have been in existence. The ts ah addition of such men as hardlph, who, though a Russ by birth, r a 1 that, be looked down upon beer was mean enough to do as Lycurgus knock all his troubles into one big ~nts in Deniliquin and the surrounding ust look up, the parsons will be in wedding-rings there will be a prees will rise, and children's shoes will : a drug in the market:—Lycurgus his mandate—"publicans must be Since writing the above I, Phiz, letter from a married publican (whose England) to a party, offering the whom the letter was addressed the e rented by the truant husband; and rried publicans, licensed by Lycurgus, ng to clear out or jump into the gulf ny. This sudden conversion of the er is said by spiteful people to probability : that Lycurgus' liver is out of he only wanted a blue pill and a black a draught of some kind to administer Ralph Powell, like a stupid fellow as not understand. People say that go on as usual when Lycurgus' liver right, while the servant girls hope y long have the jaundice, so that they married. Old maids are looking up ng their caps; young and old, good otherwise, are becoming blase at their g prospects. a shadow that doth haunt Lycurgus; rd " retrenchment.*' It has been deeen Quiz and self as to which of these characters in southern Riverina is the •ycurgus of Deniliquin or he of the t Moama. Here is the former with ~x and " perkuisites," and here is the £400 a year, a residence found him ; "cer with £200 a year, (a newspaper, to read it) and £60 a year for horse getlier with the the custody of 500 "n, in some of which bottles must, by an order of events, become leaky, that he is partial to hollands and a icularly if he lias, to fill his pipe, a "d at £200 a year, and he, Quiz, says fill his own pipe he would have no by doing so, to put this officer's pipe ~r a young and struggling community ese things well, and if the ghost of could travel from the Hume to the divides us from Queensland be would find a better opportunity of exercising raical pruning-knife than in these little 5 at Deniliquin and at Moama. In either of these "billets" Qui* would behappy; he is aperfect master of figures, together with the science of political economy, and will one day or the other rival the famous Geoffrey the First—the colonial Gladstone—who in adding up his figures has subtracted from his reputation, but then he is not experimenting on his own money!! which makes all the difference—bless you! Qui* calls my attention to another little easy " billet, 1 ' as the commonplace hunters term their appointments. It is one enjoyed by a quondam fnend of Lycurgus: in fact that great engineer who superintended the building of Deniliquin Bridge. He was getting too big for his clothes and was recently called before the House of Assembly—the gathering of all the legislative talents in the colony. Quoting from the S. M. Herald of the 23rd April, I find Mr. Driver, M.P., asserting, " That return, which bore the signature of J. H. Thomas, was utterly false in every particular." Promoted from the Deniliquin bridge to the engineership of the Bathurst line of railway, this mighty engineer, the rival of Stephenson and Brunei), could not permit that some of the workmen on the line " should stand between, the wind and his nobility." Mr. Driver stated—" It was all very well for Mr. Thomas to make a return of this description ; but if any of those unfortunate persons complained to him he applied to them language of the most foul and filthy description. He ordered them with an oath to leave his presence. His language was of the most foul, coarse, and filthy description— ("hear, hear," from Mr. Lucas)—and he was the pet protege of the lion. Minister for Public Works. He challenged the Minister of Works to enquire into this matter, and pledged himself if the hon. member would only examine the witnesses, to prove the truth of every word he had uttered." Mr. Lucas followed suit and said—" This was not the first time he had heard Mr. Thomas's name mentioned in debate. He had heard of that gentleman having threatened to fight some of the men on the line, and we knew that he had been dismissed from the public service for putting a man in the watchhouse. It was a curious thing that now Mr. Thomas was restored to the public service, this same man's salary (one of the workmen?) was reduced £100 a year, and he was the only man whose salary was so reduced. If Mr. Thomas made out this f return he must have known that it was a alse one." It was from this eminently scientific, trustworthy, and reliable source that the Government received evidence against our proposed Deniliquin railway!! O.' tempora. 0/ MOSES!! On Friday, the 24th, Mr. Driver again returned to the subject and said, " From the hon. gentleman's own time table it could be shown that the return put forward by Mr. Thomas was as false as other statements made by that officer since he entered the public service." Herein, I suggest to Lycurgus is the risk the public run in its employment of improper persons; they can do so much harm before the evil has been discovered. I mention this because some portion of Lycurgus 1 conduct is to be assailed (as I hear) in Parliament early next session; and then I hear again that he is proparing for a flight. Like a swallow at tbe end of summer, unable to bear up against the "winter of our discontent," he is hovering high in the air before he takes wing. The chief regret which has taken possession of his philanthropic bosom is on account of the pecuniary loss which" his absence will entail on Deniliquin townspeople. Already, in consequence, Messrs. Rosenfeld have sent to Melbourne (people say) to countermand their order for a quarter cask of vinegar. While Mr. Baume, the photographic artist, remains, I vote that Lycurgus should sit and have his portrait, so that copies may be had to remind us of him when he is gone to " fresh fields and pastures new." I say of him as was said of Hamlet's father, " He was a man, that, take him all in all, We shall ne'er look upon his like again." DEATH FROM SNAKE Bmi^The "inquest held in Melbourne on the death of Mr. W. Drummond, one of the Police Magistrates of Victoria, came to a conclusion on Monday last, when the following verdict was returned :—" We find that William Murray Drummond died on the 2nd inst.. from the effects of snake poison, in consequence of allowing himself to be bitten by a poisonous snake in Carton's Hotel, Swanstonstreet, Melbourne, on the night of Friday, 1st May inst. That Joseph" Shires, in pursuit of an unlawful calling, assisted in causing the snake to bite the deceased, and therefore we fiind him guilty of manslaughter. We desire to express an opinion tWat Messrs. Dailey and C. Wrieht are greatly to blame in not having used more exertion to stop the experiment." Shires 1 antidote" is composed of iodine, ammonia, and spirits of wine; and Trofessor Halford accounts for Shires' immunity from the poison of snake bites to Shires having been so long subjected to these poisons that they act as "inoculation" does, by the small-pox virus against that disease. The hypothesis is at best a very lame one for a pro- fessor of Mr. Halford'a standing, as it may well be asked—How did Shires get over his first snake bite ? The evidence, of the learned professor and the surgeon, Mr. Wooldridge, who attended Mr. Drummond, is tolerably conclusive against any known specific for neutralising the fatal effects of snake bites. Shires is committed for manslaughter. The unfortunate deceased was brother-in- law to Mr. R. K. Hammond, tlfe well-known commission agent (Ryan and Hammond) ; and Mr. Drummond seems to have " sought destruction with a zeal to be destroyed-" He was a man of considerable intellectual capacity, und greatly respected as a public officer and as a gentleman. TUB QOEBN v. LEE AND MACPIIEBSOS.— Messrs. B. Lee and A. Macpherson will be placed on their trial, for assault .within the precints of the House of Assembly, at the ensuing sittings of the Central Criminal Court,' which commences on Monday next, the lltli instant, most probably before His Honour Mr. Justice Cheeke. The following witnesses have been summoned to attend to give evidence for the prosecution, viz.: —Hon. W. M. Arnold, Speaker of the .Legislative Assembly; Mr. C. W. Finch, Sergeant-at- Arms; Messrs. John Robertson, W. R. Piddington, James Campbell, W. Forster, H. Gordon, W. Macleay, j! B. Wilson, John Lackey, meniof Assembly; and Messrs. It. Rogers, S. Cook, and Jo, m Davies. REMARKABLY FTNE POTATOES.—A very fine lot of potatoes, grown oil the farm of Mr. Felix Hilly, on the Guudaroo River, was brought into town, and disposed of to his brother, Mr. Owen Hilly, of the Globe Hotel. Two of about the largest, on being weighed, proved to be lbs., and the bulk, although not including many of such a heavy weight, was very even in size and thoroughly sound. As a remarkable circumstance, the ground from which these potatoes were dug has been under cultivation for twenty years. THE YANCO MURDERS.—On Monday last, Patrick Fagan, the man who had been apprehended at Corowa and remanded to this place on suspicion of being concerned in the above murders, was brought before the Magistrates, but, as it appeared that he, unfortunately for himself, only bore a very strong personal resemblance to one of the suspected men, but was not the man himself, he was at once discharged. We have no additional intelligence to communicate in reference to these murders, and fear that the guilty parties'are as far from detection and apprehension as ever. The Government have offered DO reward for the discovery of the murderers, and, by the apathy and indifference that they have manifested, it would appear that the cold-blooded butchery of a wretched hawker or two in the solitudes of Riverina is a matter that should be regarded as of very little consequence. The residents of this part of the country think differently, and feel naturally indignant that the Government should have done absolutely nothing towards bringing the criminals to justice. The local police, we are persuaded, have not been deficient 'in zeal, but they had but little to guide them in their enquiries, and, not having been seconded, as they should have been, by the higher authorities, it need excite no surprise that their efforts should have failed. Every day that is lost increases the chances of escape for the murderers, and the offer of a large reward, with a whole army of police and detectives thrown into the district at this late period of the day would probably fail in bringing their crime home to them. The surest guarantee of success in cases of this kind is promptitude of action, but in the outskirts of Riverina human life by our rulers is evidently accounted of but little value, and action of any kind is there- fore not taken at all.— PHIZ. Wagga Wagga Exprets. 