PAPEE MAKUFACTUEE. The process of making paper has been often described, yet we doubt not that it will be in teresting to our readers to be again reminded of it AssumiDg the data of scientific men to be correct, man has existed for a much longer time on tbe earth than our old theory would lead us to bdieve. And not only has he existed, but he mutt have undergone many pnases ot civiliza tion, and in various comers of the globe wast have wanted to realize his desire of writing down his day dreams, or to send a -written mes sage of some sort to tbe woman who lived per haps in the next city, but whose heart-strines were tied to his. Did old Methuselah live well nigh upon a thousand years and never know what it was to jot down a memorandum ? And Bebekah— that damsel who ' was very fair to iook upon ' — did she ever want to scribble a line to Isaac ? Surely also it is but reasonable to guess that even these old inhabitants on the earth were far from being the oldest, — for the same book which teUa us of Abraham teils us also of a civilization quite new to Abraham, and ?which he found existing in Egypt. We tarn to Haydn and we Bud that ' paper is said to have been invented in China 170 B.C.' But, in {set, we know nothing about it. Paper may have been invented 1170 B.C. for aught we can telL In England, however, it is said that the first paper-mill was erected in the year 1590, in Uie 33rd year of ' good Queen Bess.' And here we may be allowed to call attention to what is commonly attributed to Mr. William Shake speare as a little joke, forasmuch as he makes onr enterprising democrat Jack Cade accuse bis prisoner Lord Say of building a paper-mill in the reign of Henry VL Mr. John Cade flourished most in his fight at Sevenoaks, June, 1450, and, therefore, his charge against- Lord Say was clearly a little way in advance of the fact. Hut what of it? Shakespeare's Jack Cade is none tbe lets ' a man of the people ' becauBe he did not always speak the . truth. But hold, in a book printed by Carton in 1470, mention is made of paper and it may be that Cade was right after all, for a certain John Tate appears to have had a mill at Hertford about that time. uor paper manufacture tajtet* iou- at bevcrai mean material which could be put to no other use. It is pleasant enough to consider the changes that a linen fragment undergoes by passing through the several haeds is the process of manufacture. 'A lady's petticoat may be metamorphosed into her Hliet-douz and come into her possession a second time. A beau may peruse his cravat after it is worn out with greater pleasure and advantage than ever he did in a glass. In a word, a piece of cloth, after having officiatedjfor some years as a towel or a napkin, may by this means be raised irom a danguiU, and become the most valuable piece of furniture in a Prince's cabinet' So says Joseph Addison (a shareholder, as we are in formed, in tbe Scottish and Cornish). As to rags, they are the one thing needful in paper making, and on this head we have Mr. Bams den's authority for stating that the supply is ample. ' I do not anticipate much trouble,' to Suva -( in ftHtaxnino fm tunida simtilv nf material. I opened a store in La Trobe street some months since tor the purchase of rags, &c;, and now there is quite a bxtie army of old men and boys employed collecting material, and the supply continues to increase,' And Mr. Kerr, the foreman of the mill, sayB that the supply of material is gradually increasing, despite the shipments which continue to be made to Eng land. Is every description of paper three kinds of material are sued— rags 6ret, always first and in largest quantity : old sugar bags, and A cer tain kind of rush growing plentifully on every Australian swamp. Tbe sugar bags' made of reeds are really 'wonderful in toughness and fibre when steamed and cleaned; Of the process of sorting and oleamnengi we need say little. 'The author of Eothtnh&t; a wonderful de scription of the variety of fleas that beset him when be went lo church in Jerusalem. Tbe men they usually fed on bad come from all parts of tbe world to lay tlieir bones in Jewry, and be beguiled a dull sermon by guessing at nationality of the bite ; 'but in the modern rag warehouse there is no prevailing tint of Hebra ism to harmonize tbe torture, and all that can be said about it is, that tbe nearer you stand to the door tbe better it will be for you.' Of tbe variety of rags little need be said ; but of tbe material »e may say that cotton rags have quite a remarkable ascendancy over other kinds. This may be partly owing to our cli mate. We naturally prefer cotton to linen, and probably, too, ,fve have not been so acctiB fcpmcd to wearljnen Asbave the older .people at 'home' who long clad thenwelves in home Spun. E'en Cutty Sark'a, short as was her dress, was ' . ? . ? — — Snaw-whltc seventeen h under linai I Oar tags are good rage and clean, andfree from those objectionable JBxed colours so common to English rage. As ' the battle of competition has to be fought in the rag-house,' we are then in a position to begin well. And now from dust and clatter, let us comU'Out of tbe rag house and assume that all the rags are clean and cut up, And we will at once follow them to the mouth of a big boiler in which is a strong ley. Mr. Bsmsden has three of these boilers, each of which will bold a ton of rags. In these boilers the rags are well stirred by a revolving appa ratus, and being subjected to tbe necessary chemical action all grease and other objection , able matter is supposed to be destroyed. Great , waste is involved in -this process, especially in ]ow-class dirty rags. The rags are then cooled ' with Yam water, well filtered, and are then 1 passed to the washing machines, of which there fare. three.' Here the rags are passed along, tua icerated cut with knives, and beaten, and pulped ''into something like thin porridge. Indeed, a companion who accompanied ni through the mill, Vaa somewhat hard of belief that Mr. Bamsden had not taken* contract for supply ing all the Melbourne benevolent institutions with grueJ. However, we were bound in courtesy to believe Mr. Kerr when be told us it ?was pulp, composed of the dirly rags. We had just «een these rags kicking op snob a dust that the lads and men wio irere cleaning them were obliged to wear mnfflers over their mouths. 4*U.~ :GAil **i nAimnsijhm ?A* A* tint 'vriritl 'Aa.V 1 i Kowfte rags are 'broken in.' They next too to bleach, oeityj put into a large mt or necking engine, with chlorine gas ..or dilute chloride of lime. Here in hot fluid they are thoroughly starred and incorporated. Then they are 'removed into stone tanks with per forated tajse bottoms, and the bleaching liquid filters through the mass. Then, after about ive hours, toe nuterial is taken out and sub jicttd tu lA'tiraulic pressure-, aftrr which it it a-ain ivnsi.&i; in crut-r tu frLe it from the chlo rine. -'niit )af-^» d iiilfi lijf j.aij'JE,,' -cjine, and beaten into fioe |.ulp. and at this ttsge receives the colour, if co!--uml paper is wantcii. When we -ncre in tue mill t!ie paper in proews of Ik-id;: raane was the thin finewrai-jiiug paj-c-r, ofa bufTtvl'iur. for drapi-re' and coiileiti-tieri-' bags, &c;, and a tine t--ogh paper it was, and one vt-ry liiiF.cult to make. S\\-w tbe pulp it passed iuto 't.'.e ttuff-rlitcts.' from whence it issues thrwgh the drainer -.a to a v. c-b of ir;.ES gauze vrirr; tlimugh which falls the surplus water. The pu]]- passes off the gauze uire tbruugii between felt rollers an-i thence on wards between rollers and over cylinders like a long web of cloth. From these' rollers the paper is wound off u[H}n the reel. These reels when filled are j-as^t-d on to a cutting machine, which can be so regulated as t« permit of any size sbec-t being cut — a very delicate and intcr ts'.in;: opcra'.i'in, and p!ea?ant to look ujwn. room, arc tied up, and it may be packed off to BdUarat. and )« ! here they are, now use j /or the Buliurnt Star. The qsiautiiy uf paper Mr. Earnsden can turnout ol liis mill, when certain additional machinery is ended wil! be about twelve to fourttc:] tons of brown paper, and from eight lo ten lens of printing paper per week. He pays L.3 per ton for old bajre, snJ. up to L12 per ton for pood lintn rags' and canv.if. When in full work the mill »ill employ from SO to 100 persons. FromLU.OOO to L16,noo will be expended upon the manufactory, and, there fore the income will require to be large to repay the outlay sod risk.— .Star. 5flLC£LLA-EOl-K KsilMATES FOR 1SGS.— We extract a Sew of the iterns in the mi*c- llaneuus Estimates for this Jear, viz: — Erection of a bridge over the Ei'cr Slovne, in the town or Belfast, X1S00; Harbour 'impro'ementf, Bel last, £2000 ; Harbour imprnvt-mtnic, Warr naruboo), £2000 ; (bearing track from Calxc lo sea coast, neartlie mouihof IhtGi-llibr-iml Eiveric, £500 ; Clesrir.g track from Warrnamb.ini to the Curtis and Gfllibrard Biter, £500 ; Completing track from Camperdown to r.iaft ioilO; Towards lunatic asylum, Ararat, £S000 ; Asfisting in tbe construction of bridge- and other works within shires, boroughs and ruad districts, in special cases where the revenue of local ljudit-s is insufficient to provide for the fame, on con dition that in all easel the local bodies shall provide ont-t)-ird --f the amount proposed to be expended, £12,000 : Xo subsidise district road boards and shire councils toirsrtle cost of con structing main roads under Orders in Council of 1SGT, so that, including tbe amount payable under local Gorernment Act, ibty may re ceive to the extent of £500 per mile for tiie works executed, £31,611 ; To subsidise district road boards and shire councils towards cost of constructing main roads under Order in Coun cil of 1SCS, so that including tbe amount pay able uoder the Local Government Act, ibey may receive to the extent of £500 per mile lor the works executed, £21.978; Purchase of books for Mechanic*' Institutes or Public Libraries in country districts, on condition that grants be made in proportion to sum collided hv private subscription or local rates during 1807\. That no grunt t-xceeding £200 be iiaid to any one library. Thai do grant be made to any institution in Melbourne or more than one sixth of the entire sum be divided amongst in stitutione within ten miles of it, £3000. A heaetless case of bigamy, or rather Poly gamy, was brought forward :'.t tbe City Court on Thursday, tbe culprit being James Henry Kemis, son of a Melbourne merchant well known in the early days of tbe colony. In 1SC0 the prisoner was merried at Ecbuca to Mary Jane Logan, whose name, it appeared, be had subsequently himsell assumed. Since this lie has been married, it is stated, three times, the police having in their hands proofs of at least three marriages in all. Uis last marriage was on the first of the present month, when be was wedded to a young widow named Moore. He succeeded in getting iota his hands a cum of £200 which bUe possessed, and ior which, it seems, he married her. He was arrested a few days ago on the triple charge of wife desertion, false prelentvs and bigamy, Evi fence was taken yesterday to substantiate the latter of these accusations, on which he was committed for trial, the others being withdrawn by the Police.— Argvs. PORTItAlTOF TOE LATE DEA.N HaXES.— The friends of the lamented Very Rev. Bean Hayes, HUllCD Kite uitwiiy jmnnim.| ?? ii * uuvuiwag VC glad to k-arn tlim a life- like portrait of him is now on view at Mr. Turner's studio in Moora bool- street. The picture is nne that has been enlarged from a carle de visite by the solar eamera. It ib beautifully finished in WHter colours, and will doubtless prove a great attrac tion? ' These appears,' says the Ararat Adv&. liter, ' to. be a greater number of «wug6men on tramp this season in seared of employment tlian usual. Most of them teem to be good working men, quite willing and able to do a day's work, not like the stereotyped loafers. It is a heavy tax upon tlie squatters and others to fet-d so many men ; but if men did not, at this season, come up to tbe pastoral districts in search of work, how could llie work on stations be done ? Fur sbeep-washing, shearing, wool- pre»»iop, and the other things, nave to be accomplished al most simultaneously on all stations. Possibly this year, owing to the dead-lock, and little main road work beiug done, we are indebted to the number of strangers seeking work.' \- It was elicited in the Legislative Assembly last wetk, that it is the intention of tlie Govern ment, in framing the Estimates for 1869, en tirely to recast the sheriff's department. It is proposed to do away with the whole of the pro vincial sheriff's, their duties to be for the fnture performed by the various local police magis trates' ; and at (he same time it is intended that the offices of sheriff's bailiffs add county court's bailiffa shall be amalgamated. Some discussion atoie on the subject, Mr. Fellows expressing bis opinion that the proposed change would be in jurious tu the public interests.— Auslralastan. At a time when the ' club system' is attract ing so much attention, it may not be amiss to note that lately the Geelong Sons of Temper ance electel two doctors, one homoeopath and one allopath. ' Dr. Robinson is the former ; Dr. Sibtey, tbeUtter. . : . ' Ssox 'Underlie Verandah' in'i he ietuftr we extract the following: — Peck is a smart man. Beck knows how to turn a difficulty to good account: The poor Commissioner bad to return the money received in the matter of hie little tottery ; but Peck! knows belter. Feck, having got a kind ot negative assent from an ex-Attbrnty-Generai, now enhances his chance of succeeding in an np hill game by snnouncinjr it a* the Very last lottery that can by any possibility . come ,off in Victoria. Peck, don t be over-confident Tbe present Attorney General is just a little turned in his temper. His naturally f weet disposition becomes sour now and again.__ Add if you try him too much, for two pins he would reverse liis predecessor's decision, and wind up jour lottery sharp. By the way, wJiy,not,o4lopt tlie came invented iy theings^bosMr.'Coppio years ago, ana call a lottery a gift-enterprise, or whyuut adopt tbe older invention of the racecourse, and sell a straw, ^viiig ttnv -prohibittd ballad' Jratis ? There Is nothing now-a days that can't be seen through. Even tbe heansos have plate-glass wiudi'We,— Anil, talking of bearaefi, I want tu know nuw many of those who evinced tbeir re gard for ifooney dead showed any practical re gard for Moooey living. Beyond the man wlio paid for the funeral of the deceased |-aujer, how many of those who followed uis remains with the solemn faces customary on such occasions would have walked across the street to save' him from bis last journey of all ? I am afraid humbug isn't ijuite extinct yet. Will it ever bet— The latest Collins street definition of the present Ministry is that its prominent charac teristics are ' two Smiths aud one Janes, with a strong leaning to the Browns.' Can Jones appreciate a mild joke t In (he Mowit Alexander Mail is published a letter from Mr. Harunaiin, of the mission sta tion on the Wiruoitra, giving an account of the progress made with llie education of tins blicki. The tcrirer says :— ' t dive only been teaching tbe blacks for four years, and have found (with exceptions of course) that it is want of applica tion ou the blacks' part that makes the work of education tuch a slow one, IT they would attend more regularly, and also do their dome lessons more faithfully, the progress would be more rapid. I have had theprool'ol this lately. A few blacks from the Murray, who came here ?boottbree.quartenof ayrar ago, bare learnt in tbattimemora than many of our Wimmerablacks who have, or ought to have been four year* at ?chool. 1 mii-il rcniini jou here- tliat n'erv .lav'j fchoi'l.nc anr--ut,t- !??- al-out one hfjr ar.J ^ half cr («??? h-ars in fhf f.Tcn.-.n (-r trie ni. n and boys, and ike same in il.e atternnon for tl.e women' and girls. We cannot well Rive them more at present, 65 the remaining jnrtion 0. llie -Uy if ect apart to leach tiu-m industrial habits. What it mrpri-inp -', that the- poor hlacks, with all their ba.l .iitrn.iar.ee, and ^viili sll their warn of ap|.!i«t...n, bave p.t as far as th.-y iiare. The ERa'.st earthly benc-rjt we can lit ► sovron them is ...iiicti ,n ; to deir ur their mind', ai;d tlni'^ vn»Me tliem to reason for tbemielvc-s. Vtrv liule has been done to i-B.-et tbiF, and tliat liitie has Lien tlie work of a lew individuals. In uriier to give the rising gene ration the full Untlit of tduratiuu, the same must be marie c. mpu'sory, both as regards black and half-efl^e children.' Mceder bv Bl.uk in the XoKTn.— Mr. J. H»ll S--ott Ftn.:s U:e fallowing to the Port Bruiion Timrt :— ' It :s niy painful duty to inform you lint two Po vntsian labourers bave been murdered ly t'.e native blacks uj-on itiis Etatitin. 1 tj.ipjK.-ntJ to gei 10 ireuuiacrai. quarter of »n l»-ur afur it liappc-ned -, it is situated six niiits from t!ie head station. I found Lawic- dreailfullv wounded, but not dead. He tol.i me tV.c nsiire blacks, atom fifteen in number, attacke I himnir and tbe other boy, Killkil!. in tbe hut alti-r dinner. When he saw he could not ise-apc. lie fat dmvn, as a token ot (?obn isfi-m, bu: it iia.! no effect. He receired fourspiar uounds, and one dreadful cut above tbe right temple, a* »tll as stvtral otliers in the head. I h».l him conveyed to the head station, where be di-d nest day. Tlie buy Killkill I i-ould nnt tiinl at first ; Lnwie s lid be urnet be dead. H- » as fouad in tbe evening in a small hut at a little distance. He was not dead, but in a pitiable state. I sent some men to carry him !io:ne. He a-kpd for a drinU ; they gave him a little spirits and water, and be aiterwanls die! iu meir arnif. As extraordinary case of nrsiakeu identity lias come to our fcnow ledge. Abont tvro mnntliE ago, a man was ioun.) dead or dying iu the Vcn.n dab nf a bouse in Hothain. At tbe inquest frub itquetuly ii'-IJ u|i-o llie body, a number of persons testified lo its being that of a man named Cullard, some of the witnesses slating that they bud known the deceasee.l for a con siderable period. A verdict of death from san cu incus apoplexy was returned, sod tbe Irii-u.is 'f the deceased in England were written to, informing them ot the evt-nt. The day before yesterday, the man Collard appeared in Hoi ham alive, and is liis usualliiaHl), after some months' sojourn in the country. The terror of the female ruenbers of the household where he presented himself was extreme, until be bad satisfied thrai that i-.e was teal flesh and blood, and not a ghost, This seems to have been one of those curious instances of personal resem blance that are sometimes te&d; about in novels or seen upon tbcstsge, but which are generally repardej as existing only io tbe iaiag'wuioia of fertile story -writers, or ingenious dramatets. The case was reported to the police yesterday, as it is of sumt importance for the genuine Collard to establish his identity, inasmuch as hi-' h»s been in tlie receipt of an annuity, which of course will bive been discontinued on the news of his supposed death. Melbourne Paper. Suhj. lined is a letter published in tbe South Australian Regitterirom a station holder ou the Murray lu the manager of the boiling-down es tablishment al wenjworth, showing tbe net proceeds of t ro flocks of sheep disposed of in different wayi : — ' Lake Victoria, Lower Murray, August 9, 1868, — JJear Sir— 1 have re ceived your lute of August 5, ntkir.g for infor mation aslotwc flocks ofslnepfurwarded from ?hit station Jum lust — 2,020 wethers to tbe Adelaide market ami 1,804 ewes to your boil ing-down CBlabl shrnent. The two flocks, aa far as I could jui ge, were in the same condition w lien they left ll e station ; of course, the we thers were much the largest and heaviest sheep. Tlie wethers, aler travelling six weeks, were sold in Adelaide market at 6s. 6il. per head. Tlie charge* on t le, lueses and expenses going to town, came tc Is. 3. per head, leaving a net return of 5s. 3d per head. The ewes were travelled three di ft to your establishment, and yielded lSJlb. of [allow per bea.l, valued at 3J per ib. on tue bur £ of tbe Murray, amounting to 5;. 4jd., fikio at ls.GJ, wakes 6s. 10} I. ; de duct Is. 7J J. fur boiling and tanking, leaves a net return of Si. 3|-l., or a halfpenny more than tbe weathers, aliic!) ought to have brought at least a shilling t bead the most. V ou can make any use of this fitter } ou like, as 1 can give you all tlie details if required.— Yours truly, P. H. Gell. D. GrantGoose, E*q.' 