PREACHING TO THE MERCHANTS. The Chilian Wo> Id, an organ of the con- gregatioualiets, has given the following account of the midday service hold in the city, especially for business men We went to St Lawrence's Church, Gresham street, on Wednesday morning, attracted by the announcement that Dean Stanley was to preach at the midday service now being conducted there. This church-often passed by busy men without a thought of a church being there at all lins of late pressed itself on the at tention even of those busy man by its frequent services, and by the repeated announcement of discourses by Bishops from various parts of the earth Die services in, two before largely at tended At any rate, on this occasion there was a crowded church, the congregation being composed chiefly of men. No doubt there were many who, like ourselves, were attracted by the name of the popular Doon, but the majority were evidently frequent attendants, for they in- toned with the precision of a trained choir. At a quarter past 1-" prompt "-the organ began a voluntary, and a procession of surpliced choristers and clergy passed up by the centre aisle, thoVoiyltov Dean closing the line We could not help wandering how he liked his company. He looked somewhat uncomfortable but the Dean's face is not one of the happiest, not to be compared, for example, with that of his very reverend brother of Oarhalo | but, then, I he is altogether of a different mould, and, after I all, the procession was not very unlike what the Dean is accustomed enough to in his own abbey It must be acknowledged also that the Dean's style did not comport badly with the score at St Lawrence. 'Iho broad crimson riband drawn closely round the neck, almost enclosing the very reverend chin, gave a certain medical appearance to the preacher, which seemed in perfect keeping with the purple altar cloth and pulpit hanging, embroidered with large white crosses A simple litany service, well intoned, preceded the discourse, after which, as the manner of the Ritualists is, the preacher proceeded from the altar to the pulpit, and, without hymn or prayer, first announced that the offertory would be devoted to the City Dib forgery, and then commenced his discourse it was founded on one of our Lord's Bevon sayings upon the cross, I thirst " He remarked that this saying, more than any of the others, was expressive of our Lord's physical suffering. He admitted that the cry, "I thirst," might have expressed more than physical suffering, even our Lord's intense longing for the salvation of men. The preacher then proceeded to draw from this brief cry of the suffering Saviour a loss of sympathy for suffering men. Whenever in the person of any before, we heard this ory of our Lord, I thirst, I am sick, I am in pain, we should be ready, at least, to take the sponge, and place it on the road, and hold it to the sufferer's lips. This was the object aimed at by such institutions as the dis- pensary. That was the sermon-it lasted something less than a quarter of an hour and after it came a kind of metrical chant, and the benediction. In returning we were disposed to indulge in some few reflections, which we now venture to throw out as suggestions, commend- ing them to all whom they may concern. In the first place, here was a service on a week-day morning, evidently designed to meet the circumstances of city men. It commenced at a quarter past 1, and closed before 2 o'clock, allowing just time enough for those who run out at 1 o'clock to get their " snack," attend the service, and be at business again within the hour. We observed that it is prominently announced in large type that the midday services of St. Lawrence are over by 2 Then as to the service itself, it was performed in a most lively and attractive manner There was nothing of that any thing will do-for-a-week-day aspect which Sometimes dis- figures such services, especially among Non- conformists. The pulpit was not left with its holland cover on The singing was not delegated to some luckless individual who can just manage to "raise? a tune" The preacher did not seem to be continually reminding his hearers that it was only a week day meditation he offered them. No; the whole thing was done well-was, in fact, first-rate of its kind. And these midday services are now being held twice a week, and the thing " takes." The energetic rector and vicar of St. Lawrence is worthy of all honor for the vigor which he has thrown into the movement Of course it is not exactly to our mind, but why should there not be something attempted bearing a broad evangelistic I stamp The idea is not new The merchants' lecture was established a long ago as the reign of the Second Charles, and the ghost of it still appears once a month in the vestry of the Poultry Chapel We incline to the opinion that this particular ghost might be detained, and that, without a miracle, it might be " clothed with flesh and danced about with sinews " Why not P Rix of our leading Nonconformist divines are the appointed lecturers , but who knows when they are lecturing ? Who suspects as he passes by the Poultry Chapel on " the first Tuesday morning after the first Sunday in the month, that one of these eminent ministers is conducting a quiet service carefully screened from public gaze in a corner of the said edifice? Even if one had an inkling of it and went in, he would scarcely find much of a welcome 