WALGETT. Owing to the protracted dry weather we have so long experienced, and the low temperature since the rains, no beneficial change has as yet taken place in the pastur- ages. We certainly had some fine rain altogether - about fifteen hours - but frosts and extreme cold have almost neutralised its effect. However, it affords us pleasure to chronicle the fact that another nioe fall commenced de- sending upon Sunday, the 19th instant, at two p.m , and continued to fall for something like twelve hours, when it cleared off in flying showers. It was not such heavy rain as we could have desired, but "beggars must not be choosers, and amongst us the smallest donation is most thankfully received. Things, pastorally speaking, are very queer, more especially amongst sheep owners. Upon one station, some seventy miles from here, 2000 lambs have been killed to save the ewes, and another flock were under sentence of death, containing 1500 lambs, but they will probably be saved if this last rain reached down that distance. The Macquarie is the "refuge for the destitute" this year. We know ourselves of 50,000 of Pharoah's lean kine that must have perished had the Macquarie country have been bare. Well, doubtless, it comes hard upon the crown tenants upon that river, but they don't know how soon the same droughty weather may fix them, and then we shall be happy to see them. In 1862 the very same Macquarie was nothing but an ash bed from Dubbo to Gheers, at which latter place it disembogues itself into the Darling (or Barwin) Uiver. Messrs. Britten, of Bogewong, are travelling their sheep up the Macquarie, starved out of one of the best runs in the district. There is no police business to communicate, with the exception of one trumpery case, in which a squatter was summoned for causing the death of his shepherd's dog, by laying poison, which caused the aforesaid animal to give op the ghost. It appears the shepherd's dog got a bait on the run that perhaps some crow had disturbed and afterwards dropped, whereby he was poisoned ; and the shepherd sued tor five pounds, the value of the dog. The case was dismissed. July 20, 1868. 