CASTING BELLS AT BALLARAT. At Ballarat, on 19th ult., the casting of. a large bell for the Free Church of England, attracted to Mr Higgins's foundry a large num ber of ladies and gentlemen to witness the process. The Ballarat Star gives the follow ing sketch of the scene : — ' When the proper time came, the operators threw into the. furnace some 3 cwt or so of metal, consisting of old brass engine-fittings and blocks of copper and tin, more fuel was neaped on, the air-drum hummed and buzzed more vigorously, and as the sulphurous flames emitted more and more brilliance the. faces of the spectators were lit up with a ghastly hue, as if they belonged; to a crowd of ghosts huddling together to see a weird scene on the verge of Pandemonium. Presently, after, the chief ministers in the rite had poked and probed vertically and horizontally into the hissing furnace, the metal was pronounced to be ready for the flow. Then the iron ladle was set beneath the bottom of the furnace, and the molten fluid rushed out, hissing, sputtering, glowing, bright, with leaping flames of blue that seemed to bite spitefully at the iron red with which one of Vulcan's men skimmed off the dross which floated on the surface. At this moment Mrs Wilson, who had collected a lot of silver coins from the company, threw them into the heaving metal, and thus contributed, let us hope, a silvery sweetness to the bell which is by-and-by to call worshippers to the church. The metal was then poured into the mould, and the whole process declared to be safely completed. Sub sequently a smaller bell was cast, the pro cess being in all respects similar to the larger affair. When the casting of the church bell was done, the Rev. Mr. Trevor, surrounded by the spectators, approached the mould and said,- "I pronounce this bell dedicated to the worship of God, by the name of St. David, in the name of the Father, the Son; and the Holy Ghost ; Amen.'. Cheers, hearty and re peated, were then given for the founder, and the ceremony was over, save that there was an adjournment to Mr Higgins's private house hard by, where temperate libations were poured in farther honor of the event of the day. The St. David bell is the largest ever cast in Ballarat for church purposes, its weight being a little over 2 cwt, and its dimensions 26¾ inches at bottom, with a height of 23 inches. The smaller bell cast at the same time weighed about half cwt: The next largest bell cast here for church use is that of St. Peter's, in Sturt-street. which weighs about 120 lb, and was cast nearly two years ago at the Victoria Foundry, by Messrs Hunt and Opie. The same firm cast the largest bell yet made here, namely, the bell cast six or seven years ago for the Ballarat Fire Brigade, which weighed between 5 and. 6 cwt. Mr Higgins, the caster of the St. David bell, is also the generous donor of the bell to the church, of which he is an active member and a liberal supporter. He bears all the expense of the process, and makes the bell a free gift to the church. 