THE BOXING DAY HOLIDAY. Boxing Day having fallen on a Saturday this year, - a most inconvenient day of the week for tradesmen to hold holiday upon, - yesterday was proclaimed to do duty in its stead, and was closely observed accordingly. The whole of the establishments, stores, offices, and shops in the city were closed, and the day was generally given up to pleasure. The weather was exceedingly propitious, and numerous excursion parties were formed, and proceeded to the mountain, Mount Nelson, and other favorite spots, while the Bower and other picturesque localities were visited by many pic-nic parties. The several public events of the day are described seperately, and first, THE EXCURSION ROUND BRUNI. The Southern Cross, 343 tons, Captaiu E. Lucas, the property of the T.S N. Company, made her intended excursion round Bruni Island yesterday, and the trip, as we had predicted, proved the pleasantest of the season up to the present time. The weather in the early morning was rather threatening, Mount Wellington being quite obscured by clouds and mist, and a strong breeze blowing in squalls from the north-west. As the morning wore on, howevor, the aspect of the atmosphere became more promising, and by 9 o'clock the sun shone out pleasantly, the clouds and mist disappeared, and the wind moderated somewhat for a time, though it afterwards continued to freshen at intervals throughout the day. The advertised hour for sailing was 930 a.m., but through a laudable desire on the part of the Directors of the Company to afford citizens desirous of recording their votes at the Municipal election facilities for doing so, the vessel did not ultimately cast off her moorings until ton. By that time the breeze was again blowing freshly, but there was a bright sunshine and clear atmosphere. The attendance of persons desirous of taking tickets for the trip had for Borne time previously been greater than was at first anticipated, aud by tho time the gangway plank was hauled on board there were fully three hundred passengers in the vessel. With this complement of excursionists the steamer, gaily decorated with flags, made ber way at a fine pace, though not under full steam, down tho river, and arrived off Passage Point at 114 a.m. Half-au-hour later the steamer Cobre was passed, Bteering for the Huon ; and at 12-22 the Cross passed Three Hut Point. Partridge Island was made at 1*13, and the vessel having set her jib and foretopsail then entered upon what may bo termed the sea portion of her trip with a fresh breeze and the sea on hor beam, the steamer rolled pleasantly along in the direction of South Bruni, the light- house on one of the southern emiuences of which soon became a conspicuous and attractive feature of the landscape. During the ruu across a few of the more susceptible passengers ex- perienced the effects of sea-sickuess in a more or less modified form, but as time ran on the altera- tion of the vessel's courso brought the wind more aft, and the easier motion which resulted rapidly restored tho invalids. On nearing the Friars Rocks, off South Bruni, the attention of nearly all on board was agreeably attracted to tbe beautiful scenic effects produced by the breaking of thajjea upon the rocks. Some of these effects wire singularly striking and pic- turesque, the SHty rising to a level with the highest peaks of'the land and descending slowly in a clond of feathery foam. The Friars were passed at 2-55 finn., and tho vessel then hauled ou a wind and" commenced her run homeward. Cape Frederick Henry was passed at 435, and shortly before reaching it the brigantina Camilla was sighted, outward bound for Adelaide, tinder reefed canvas. The steamer passed Kelly's Point at 5'37, and from thone«"Ja rapid run was made up the river under the let^sf the land, the wharf being reached at 630 p.m.-"' Rosjrlr.' Rosny was open to the public yesterday, and attracted a considerable number of visitors. In addition to the usual amusements provided there was a sailing race between fishing boats which attracted much attention, and proved as pretty and exciting a contest as has ever been held on this river. The prizes were 1st, £10 ; 2nd, £6 ; 3rd, £3. There wero six boats entered, lamely. Mr. Walter Man's Agnes.!... I Mr. Willum Brown'« Stell» Louise. 2 Mr. William Joues'« Alabama.. 3 Mr. F. Rush's Selina Rebecca,. 0 Mr. Thompson's Eclipie. 0 Mr. Smith'« Norway.. 0 The course was from a boat moored off Kan- garoo Point jetty, to another boat moored in Sandy Bay, and thence rouud a boat moored off Smelting Works Bay, and back to the place of starting. Twice round. Stella Louise took the load soon after starting", and kept it during the best half of the second round closely.followed by the Agnes and Alabama, with the others well up. The Agnes, however, gradually began to creep up, and there was a very close race for first place, between the two 'boats, but at the finish the Agues shot ahead and won by a short distance. The race for third place was very closely contested, and the whole of the boats were well managed throughout. As usual the Kangaroo made trips during the day convey- ing visitors to and from Rosny. CBICKKT. ALHEUT V. DEItWEXT CLl'n. A cricket match batweeu the Albert and Derwent Clubs was played on the S.T.C. Association's ground, commencing at 10 o'clock. The Derwent men went first to the wickets, and scored 99 runs; they were succeeded by the Albert mon, who scored 95, and the Derwont in their second innings scored 105. The second innings of the Albert Club was not played out, but the match will be concluded on Weduesday afternoon. THEATRE ROYAL. The Theatre Royal was open last evening, when a complimentary benefit was given by the Garrison amateurs to Mr. W, T. Burton, a comedian, who has receutly arrived from Mel- bourne. The programme embraced the laugh- able comedy entitled, "Take that girl away," an interlude of comic singing, and the farce of '.The Steeplechase." Both pieces wore fairly gone through by the amateurs, aud Mr. Burton was applauded for the manner in which he sus- tained the two characters allotted to him. There was a good attendance, especially in the pit. SUNDAY SCHOOL GATHERINGS. The people of Hobart Town have always taken an interest in the Christmas gatherings of Sunday scholars. For many years the Wesleyan, Con- gregational, Presbyterian, Baptist, Primitive and United Methodists have amalgamated for a re- ligious service at Melville-street Chapel, and a procession to the Queen's Domain. The children belonging to the Campbell-street and branch Church of England schools have also had their gathering and procession ; and last year the other Church of England Sunday-schools had a gathering and a religious service. We have to record a similar re-union this year, and we shall notice them in order. j CHURCH OF BNOt'ND SCHOOLS. A religious sorvico for the schotars of the I Church of Eugland Sunday Schools was held at ' St. David's Cathedral ou Suuday afteruoon, I when there wet o from 930 to 1000 boys and girls 'presentfrom the different schools, namely,.St, David's, St. George's, St. John's, All Skints, Campbell-street, DAvey-streer, and Ware-street schools. The church was crowded with children, toachers, and visitors. The service was arranged specially, and hymns were printed for the oc- casion. The Rev. H. B. Bromby, B.A., minister i of St. John's, Goulburn- street, couducted the I devotional service, beiug a selection of prayers from the Prayer Book, the Apostles' Creed, nnd the following special prayer :-" O Lord Jesus Christ, who did'st call young children to Thee, and did'st take them up in Thine arms, and give thom Thy blessing, bless us also, we beseech Thee, this day and all our lives long, i I Grant that wo may ever love Thee above all things, and love one auothor as Thou has com- manded. Bless our parents, teachers, friends, and benefactors ; preserve thom from all evil, and lift them up more and more to heavouly desires ; and grant that we with them may inherit Thine everlasting kingdom, who 'livest and reignest with the Father and the Holy Ghost, Ono God, world without eud. Amen." After prayers, the Rev. F. H. Cox, B.A, Minister of St. David's, delivered an address from Galatiana iv. 4. " But when the fulness of the time waa come God sent forth his son." In the course of his remarks the rev. gentleman allowed that the great God governed aU things upon priuciplea of order, and although men might be disposed to fix their own time for the transpiring of certain events, they would not take place until God's time carne. He gave some scriptural illustrations, auch as the deliverance of the children of Israel from Egyptian bondage. When Moses slew the Egyptian and went away, bo expected the de- liverance of the people would not be delayed, bat God's time for fulfilling his promise and the people's release from captivity did not arrive until forty years afterwards. And ao with regard to the advent of the Son of God : men might have looked for it many yean before it ocourred," bat when the proper period, "the (niñeas of time" 1 came, then, and not till theo, " God sent forth His Son." A leaton might bo learnt by young people to wait patiently and to prepare ter the | btuinesg of life, laying np a good foundation, and improving opportunities for instruction in knowledge and Divine truth : they would not become men and women at once, bnt in " the fulness of time," if God willed, they would arrive at maturity and enter on the active duties of their appointed Btation. »,».., The hymns sung by the children were, "While shepherds watched their flocks by night," «The Son of God, so high, so great," "O, Jesus, God, aud Slau," aud " Christ was bom on Christinas Day." Mr. F. A Packer presided at the organ, aud although the time for practising the tunes had beeu limited, the singing was excellent. The service was concluded by the blessing, pronounced by the Rev. Mr. Cox. The Campbell-street and Associated Church of Enzland Schools had a separate procès sion of "their own, and they were joined for the occasion by the Church of England Sunday School from Kangaroo Point. Refreshments were provided, hymns sung, and sports engaged in, until fonr o'clock when the Kangaroo Point school returned home, and the others returned to their respective schools. We understand that the other Church of Eng- land Schools will complete the festival by picnics at Rosny, part to-day and the remainder on Thursday. UNITED SUNDAY SCHOOLS. The annual united gathering of Sunday-schools was inaugurated, as usual, by a prayer meeting for teachers and friends, held on the morning of Christmas Day (Friday), at Union Chapel, Bathurst-street, when the Rev. J. W. Simmons, minister of the chapel, presided. Hymus were sung, and prayer was offered, by Messrs. James Smith, W. Giblin, the Chairman, and others. The proceedings occupied from seven to eight o'clock. Yesterday being kept as Boxing Day, instead of Saturday, the general assembly of scholars and teachers belonging to the associated schools took place at Melville-street, Wealeyau Chapel, at 11 o'clock. The business of seating was entrusted to Messrs. H. S. Barrett, and C. E. Walch, and commenced at a quarter past ten. According to custom adults were not admitted until the children were seated. The Secretary was fur- nished by the superintendents of the schools with the numbers of children accompanying them, and these amounted in the aggregate to 1624, but as a great many older children, who could uotcome with the schools joiued afterwards, the estimate of 1700 to 1800 is not over tho mark. The Wesleyau schools wore reported as follows : Melville street, 216, Davey-street, 100, High street, 150, total, 405; Congregational schools, 578, namely, Brisbane-street, 170, Berea, 120, Battery Poiut, 80, Davey-street, 110, Union Chapel, 99 -, Presbyterian, St. Andrews, 80, and Chalmers, 90 ; Watchorn-street Ragged School, 75 ; Harrington-street, Baptist, 80; St James' Baptist, 100 ; Primitive Methodist, 60 ; United Methodist, 8G ; grand total, 1,624. His Excellency Colonel T. Goro Browne, Governor, and Mrs. Gore Browne were presont, and, as on former occasions, sat in the front seat of the orchestra. The singing was conducted by Mr. James E. Salier. The hymns printed for the occasion commenced respectively as follow :-" From year to year in love we meet," " Glory to God the angels said," " Beauteous scenes on earth appear," " To the Sabbath-school we'll go," and the National Anthem. The Riv. Joshua Smith, Primitive Methodist minister, officiated, and after the preliminary sorvices addressed the congregation, which he descrided as the largest ho had preached to in Hobart Town. He did not choose a text from scripture, but as the subject of " Stars" was suggested by the third hymn, ho founded his remarks on " Stars." After relating a pretty little anecdoto of a child who, having hoard a sermon at church on the Glory of God, asked if the stars were gitnblet holes, through which the " Glory of God" alione, said stars were media through which God did communicate instruction. Stars wero pictures of angels ; a star was a picture of the Lord Jesus ; a star was the moans iu tho Lord's hands of guiding the wise men to the place where Jesus was born ; stars illustrated the reward of the good, for " They that be wise shall shine as the stars for ever and ever ;" s-ars wore likened by the Apostle to tho resurrection body, " As one star differoth from another star in glory, so also is the resurrection of the dead." He spoke upon each of these thoughts, and concluded a brief aud appropriate address by expressing the hope that when they had done with the affairs of this world, His Excellency tho Governor, tho«.chil t dren, tifeir parents, and teachers, and ministers might all shine as the stars iu the everlasting kingdom, and be saved for ever more. At the conclusion of the service, the National Autbem was sung with the usual additional verse : O Lord hor Viceroy bless, May he in righteousness Tasmania rule. Grant us prosperity, Alay all united be, And shout right loyally, God save the Queen. While the adults were leaving the church to make way for the exit of the children, some one started " three cheers for the Governor," to which there was a hearty response. His EXCELLENCY expressed his sincere acknowledgments, and said he had received many tokens of kindness on the eve of his departure from the colony, but none had touched him more than that he had first received from them. Ho thanked them most sincerely, and concluded by wishing thom all " A merry Christmas and a happy new year." His Excellency and Mrs. Gore Browne wore then escotted to their carriage by Mr. Hopkins, the oldest teacher present. The procession having been formed in the usual order, (Melville-street School taking tho post of honor,) the schools moved towards the Queen's Domain, handsome banners and flags being borne with each school. The Rev. S. Ironside walked in front of the Wesleyau Schools, and the Rev. W. C. Robinson was with the Congregational Schools, and there wore several other ministers either in or near the procession. During the march, the children joiued in singing. Arrived in thedomain.the schools took up positions some near the High School, others contiguous to the Ship Yard, and the remainder on the rising ground above the cricket reserve. Refreshments were served to the children, who were permitted for several hours to eujoy them- selves to recreative sports, interspersed with the occasional singing of hymns, until the time arrived for the return of the children to their respective schools, where for the most part they were regaled with a substantial tea. ROMAN CATHOLIC SCHOOLS. The St. Joseph's Couvent, aud other Catholic children, between 400 and 500 in number, a largo proportion being girls, had a procession as usual to the Domain, arriving some time bsforo the other schools. After enjoying themselves for two or throe hours, tho young 'people were con- ducted to St. Peter's Temperance Hall, whore they were regaled with cake und te». They were attended by the clergy aud a number of teachers, aud friends of the denomination. ^ TEA MEETINGS IN THE EVENING. In the evening there were ten meetings of teachers and friends at several of the schools. At Saint Andrew's Presbyterian Sohool, Harrington-street, Baptist, and the Primitive Methodist School, Collins-street. The United Methodists also had a tea and public meeting, under the presidency of the Rev. R. Miller, where several addresses were delivered, and the pro- ceedings which were of a social character passed off pleasantly. At Melville-street School there was a large attendance. The chair was taken by the Rev. S. Ironside, and the choir sang a number of anthems to the harmonium accompaniment. Addresses were delivered by the superintend \- ents of the different Wesleyan schools, the Rev. Mr. Bennett and Mr. Brownell. After which, the chairman said they had with them, present for the last time for a number of years, a young friend who had been connected with Melville-street School for sixteen or seven- teen years ; a young gentleman who had im- proved himself by the educational advantages of the colony, and one who had taken the highest honor that the colony of Tasmania had to bestow on its youth. The Government were sending him home to the fatherland to receive still furtherr advantages of learning at one of the Universi- ties. Of course they could not allow a scholar and a teaoher of the Sunday School to leave for England without taking some notice of his going, and he had much pleasure in calling on Mr. Barrett to address himself to that special business. (Applause.) Mr. H. S. BARRETT said he had known Mr. Fearnley in connection with Melville- street for many years. His connection with it had been while he had had the charge of the school, or nearly so, consequently he knew something of his conduct in the school as scholar and teacher. No one could question that a young man who bad taken a high stand in literature and had taken a Tasmanian scholarship could neglect his duties as a Sunday School teacher (cheers), and it was one proof that religion did not hinder a person from pursuing study or busi- ness. Religion was not a barrier to progress or advancement ; and they had a proof that reli- gion had not interfered with intellectual pur- suits. He (Mr. Barrett) as superintendent of Melville-street school, could testify that his in- tellectual pursuits had helped him as a teacher (cheers). And he might say without fear of offending other teachers that he always had an attentive class-and why ? Because he never sat down to perform his duties as teacher without being prepared with the lesson of the day. He should now proceed to read the address. It was as follows : Melville-street, Wesleyan Sabbath School, Hobart Town, Tasmania, To Mannasseh Fearnley, A.A. Dear Sir,-It is with feeling of regret, mingled with pleasure, that we hear of your intended departure from the shores of Tasmania ; of regret, that we are about to lose from our midst one, who from infancy has been connected with us, both as being engaged in our Sabbath School work, and an the personal friend of most of us - of pleasure, that the honor which you have re- cently achieved in becoming the holder of a Tasmanian Scholarship, whilst it causes such a separation, will thus afford you the opportunity of prosecuting your studies under the great educational advantages which the mother country offers. During your connection with us, we have always en- gaged your hearty co- operation and support in all matters relative to the happiness andl prosperity of the school ; whilst, in our intercourse with you, you have ever mani- fested that Christian and friendly feeling, which will be long remembered by us. That the blessing of the Almighty may rest upon you, and that He may take you under His care and keeping whilst traversing the pathless deep is our earnest prayer, and if spared to enter upon your studies in the univer- sity you have chosen, we sincerely trust that success and prosperity may attend your efforts. In token of our esteem, respect, and friendship, we re- quest your acceptance of the accompanying volume. (Cheers.) The address, which was neatly engrossed and ornamented, was signed by two ministers of the circuit, the Revs. Messrs. Ironside and Bennett, the visitors and teachers male and female of Melville-street school, twenty-nine in all. The volume was a handsome edition of "Miluer's Gallery of Geography." On its reception Mr. Fearnley was greeted with warm and prolonged applause. Mr. FEARNLEY sincerely thanked them for that flattering testimonial of affection and esteem. The volume though valuable in itself would be more valuable by the circumstances under which they had been kind enough to present it. Connected as he had been with the school, having passed through every class, from the lowest to the highest, and then promoted to be a teacher, he felt in part- ing from it almost as muoh as from the part- ing from his home and dear relatives. He was thankful for the benefits he had received from the school ; it was his firm conviction that the position he now occupied was, under the Divine blessing, mainly owing to the instruction he had received in Melville- street Sunday school. As a scholar he came there from Sunday to Sunday, and met with loving teachers from whom he re- ceived impressions of truth, and there he was thankful to say, he found peace with God. He became a teacher and felt it his duty to repay, as far as he could, the benefits of which he had been a happy partaker. Were anything wanting to remind him of the school, he thought the present he had received would be quite sufficient, for as often as he should gaze thereon he should have bright visions of happy bygone days spent in that room, and his prayer would be to God to bless and prosper the school. (Cheers). It was hard to say "farewell;" to see "that their paths through life would be different ; but he trusted they would at last con- verge together ; and if they should not meet on earth, might they have the unspeakable happiness to meet around the throne above, where parting was a word unknown. (Much applause.) On the motion of Mr. CROUCH, seconded by the Rev. W. BENNETT, thanks were tendered to the Chairman, to the ladies for providing the tea, and to the choir for their valuable services. The vote was duly acknowledged, and after a closing anthem, the meeting was terminated by the Benediction. At Brisbane-street school-room in the evening the annual tea meeting was held by the Sunday school teachers and friends, when there was a large attendance. The room was beautifully ddcorated with flowers colored mottoes aud scripture texts, the work of the ladies, aud the proceedings were of a vory interesting character. Tho chair was occupied by the Rev. W. C. Robinson, the pastor of the chapel, and addresses wore delivered by Messrs. Piesse, Rov. G. Clarke, Giblin, Lodge, Willison, and others. Duriug the evening some flue anthems wero sung, the harmonium being presided over by a young lady of the congregation. 