WHITE HILLS POPULAR READINGS. The second of a series of these popular and in structive entertainments took place last evening at the Oddfellows' Hall, White Hills. There was a very fair attendance notwithstanding the vari ous amusements which were held elsewhere. In consequence of some of the persons wh<5se names were on the programme not being in attendance, some slight deviation from it had to be made. 'Mr J. Hoidsworth occupied the chair, and, after malting a few introductory remarks, culled on Mr Ilobba for a song—11 The captive knight," which ivas very fairly sung by that gentleman. A very pleasing duet—" The last links,''—by Mrs Hug gard and Miss Ellison, was followed by Mr Huggard reading, in a very good manner, a piece entitled " The three sons." A song by Mr Evnnce, "The slave chaso," would have been better received if that gentleman had infused a little more spirit into his singing. Mrs Friswell sang very nicely a song entitled " Thou art gone from my gaze." In the absence of Mr White a substitute was found in Mr Friswell. who read a portion of the play of "Ilamlet " with considerable energy. The singing of "Home, Bweet home," by Miss Howe was a treat, and was highly deserving of th£ applause that greeted its conclusion. Mr Brown followed with the song of " 'I here was a jolly Miller," and the first part of the entertain ment was brought to a close by the chairman (as substitute for Mr W. llymer), Hinging very plea santly " Jessie's dream." The second part of the entertainment commenced with a song by Air Rofybs, after which MrFriswell gave a very good reading of the " Ghost sceno " from " Iiumlct." . A song by Mr Harden, "When other lips," was followed by the song of "Constance," by Miss Howe, which was well received. " List to the Convent I'ells" was the title of a duet sung by Mrs, Huggard and Miss Howe, and received the hearty applause of the audience. Another well sung duet by Mrs Huggard and Mr Hobbs fol lowed, and then Mr Hvance sang " Hard Times" very well. Votes of thanks to the performers and the chairman were carried by acclamation, and the company dispersed after the singing of the" National Anthem." Mrs Huggard accom panied the various vocalists on the piano through out the evening. if Tub ArA,r.aeo Poisoning or JDxii.it.—Mr Sydiiey Gibbons, analyst, has forwirded to lis the 'fallowing in reference to the death of the race Jiorne Exile at the Ballarat races:—" Since the publication of my report on the analysis o( the | viscera of the horse Kxile, I have lieen favored fy Mr Charles Forbes, the veterinary surgeon, who performed the autopsy, with notes of his obscrviitiouH, from which I extract the following memoranda:—'Upon laying open the abdomen oud making an incision into the stomach, [ found ,'t* *a.exhibit the appearances of acute and recent inflammation. A. large portion of the alimentary canal was in the same state. All other orjrms Uejjlthy. Opinion: Death from inflammation ol ^jrnaiih and bowels, brought on by an irritant | j'?1?011) ">e operation of which was accelerated by i 11,8 r,lJ;idtig a severe and exhaustive race. When wnvpd 1 found that the grooms, in diaobedi I <,/ !i 'nN'rll°'ions given to them by Air |/i*' 5 iia' 01lt open the chest and removed lrom its attachments, so that I labored lllio tl c,Jti!!"',jr,l'>le disadvantages; but I examined V l^,e.viscero. ll,K^ f"1""! them healthy, and ^^^i^ielieve the assertion put forward {' V';.pI,erl',,11'ciouiily by the grooms, of a rup iVn n,.il"t5!"!"Vi-'ai,el.' It is known that the horse "n'an'v't'l1 llnl' "ot heen drugged lre/uif^'''"r two notes Sa/ lr<a-!l"1' <U1 unworthy insinuation «A/rt the autopsy was incomplete, IW ril?cbtl3' connect the arsenic'which . death of the animal, or exclude irbdWM"-°! <l(:uUli I thitik it fair to Mr 'lcrc> t0 niftlce this cominum 