MODERN DEVIL WORSHIP. [From the London Review.'] It is not comfortable to think that there exists amongst us a British Association for the Advancement of Spirits. Things now-a-days have, indeed, a tendency to run into societies, but that Mr. Tidd Pratt should be likely to be called upon to register a company for encouraging ghost manifestations gives rise to some unpleasant reflections. We have now before us the proceedings of the third "Cons vention of Progressive Spiritualists," and the account of the meeting and its business is set out with all the pomp and seriousness of a Church Synod. And yet the prospects of the concern look rather gloomy. It exhibits as unhealthy a desire for postage stamps as the philanthropic advertisers who are prepared to lend money without security. The meeting commenced by the president, Mr. John Hodge, introducing his " excellent and poetic friend, Mr. J. H. Powell, who thereupon favored the company with a performance in the shape of a poem, a motto, and an invocation. Dr. M'Leod, the secretary, was then invited to read his report, but he had none to read. As he pathetically observed, " he had not received anything in the shape of ' help of any kind from those whom he might term brothers and sisters, with very rare, very few, exceptions. That, however, was a matter belonging entirely to the financial department." Dr. M'Leod had abandoned his practice at the instance of a medium, and " the lecture he had given on 'Human Love' had been almost enough to lead to a man being locked up for six months according to the popular notions of that delightful and divine thing." Further on he spoke of JSpictelus, Robert Owen, and Andrew Jackson, Davis, with other distinguished spiritualists in North and South America, as being interested in the movement. The chairman gave a cheerful testimony to the pleasure he had experienced in shaking hands with several dead relatives, who did it with the same of the smile, and the words, as when they lived. A paper was read by a Mr. Etchells, in which sewage was utilized for spiritualism, and in which the following curious circumstances was narrated : " I may say that more than one of our mediums have seen the spirit of Tetzel who on earth sold the Pope's ic dulcences)hover around the bedside of the dying Catholic, or of a soul just about to pass away, clothe himself in the form of Jesus Christ with the crown of thorns (ho blood ing hands and the pierced side. They have seen him, as it were, calling the spirit away, and coiling around it, in order that he might carry it away to the Purgatorial pri son-houfce, a belief in which had been instilled into it by false education on earth. And while he with his legions have been thus engaged, power for a time has been given the Double to dissolve unholy covering by which this bad spirit has been surrounded, and thus, in time, to clear the mists from the eyes of those about him who were ripe and ready for the change," The Convention was then adjourned until Wednesday, June 12, when a communication was received from Mr. Peebles, of America. Mr. Peebles of America was interpreted Mr. Robert Cooper, the showman who exhibited the Daven- port Brothers some few years since in London. Baron de Guldenstubbe next appeared on the platform, and produced several interesting and wonderful photographs of spirits," including " the photograph of the spirit of an old gentleman, a family relative." But Miss Al stone, a medium from Manchester, outshone all the previous lights of the assembly. Miss Alston was once enjoying herself with her friends, and entertained them characteristically by falling into a trance state, the spirit in possession proving his identity by addressing the company in broad Yorkshire, the dialect he used when on earth ." Miss Alstone continued, " The friends were delighted, for they knew, however I tried, it would be impossible for me to imitate the messenger." However, we are told that, " shortly after the reading of her paper the departed Yorkshireman manifested through Miss Alston, and spoke for some five minutes in that dialect, from which it would seem that both Miss Alston and her Yorkshireman practice often enough to enable the former to express the sentiments of the latter in his native tongue, which he is now deprived of using from circumstances over which he has no control. Another lady, Miss Chapman, was present, who on hearing the deceased Yorkshireman, became as it were competitively entranced, " and sang for about ten minutes." Mr. Harper announced that from precious acquaintance with Miss Chapman he was able to say that the spirit so manifesting itself was that of Madame Malibran. More than that, at a recent seance Madame Malibran had conversed with Mr. Harper and Miss Chapman, and detailed to them the particulars of her death. Baron de Guldenstubbe came forward once more. The Baron has had several letters from Napoleon since the return of that Emperor from St. Helena, the only difficulty about the correspondence (produced by the trifling fact of the Emperor's being confined) consisting in the Imperial replies turning upon the vaults of the Invalides, where the Baron called for them as at a paste restante. He had also a great many papers written in St. Denis, under the church, from the old kings and queens up to Louis XVIII. The Baron is an insatiable autograph collector, and managed to procure a note from Julius Cesar, and another " in the handwriting of the Greek general Pausanias who lived 500 BSc." A peculiarity in the upholstery of the house of this distinguished foreigner is that the? tables and chairs follow him " like clogs," to use his own graphic phrase, and this entirely of their own freewill and pleasure. What was Orpheus to this wonderful baron, and who shall say he is not greater than that other Baron known as Munchausen ? An explanation of the manner in which spiritual photographs were taken was then volunteered by Dr. M'Leod, and a Mr. Taffin '' mentioned the circumstance of his having taken the spirit portrait of a brother of Miss Houghton on the occasion of his (Taffin) being in company with Miss Houghton in a greenhouse." Conservatories are not generally used by ladies and gentleman for this purpose, but couples retiring into them to renew an acquaintance with the features of a defunct grandmother, will perhaps be a custom of the future when the world sends more subscriptions to the spiritualists. The remaining days of the convention were spent in talking about human nature, and the necessity of members puffing and buying the works of each other ; while, as a wind-up, a picnic to the Crystal Palace brought the proceedings to a close. The directors ought to be made acquainted with the fact that there are crowds of spirits in the Egyptian Court, and " that, were the conditions only suitable, the spirits would show themselves to view before more than one of the present com- pany." If the spirits could be induced to show themselves they would be induced to form attractions of a higher order than Coxwell's balloon or the Beni zong zong ; but then, if we accept Miss M'Leod's description of them, they only wear clothes at times, and frequently assume the form of vapor, " somewhat of the appearance of steam." 