THE FATE OF BEING DEAD WITH OUT KNOWING IT. From the Pall Mall Gazette, July 1. "AYE," said Lord Chesterfield in the days of his age, "poor old Tyrawley and I are both of us dead, if we only knew it." It is astonishing that this fact of people being dead for years before they are buried is not more commonly perceived and acted on than it is, and not people only, but books, newspapers, institutions, and whatever else is capable of having life and keeping the appearance of it after the reality has come to an end. For, look where we will, on every side you see incurable and in capables tripping and stumping hither and thither with all the pretensions and airs of life as if they were in the hey.-day of a career, while in truth they are only as spent cannon-balls, toothless watchdogs, ghosts, or whatever emblem one may choose for what was once something and is now nothing. A book, for example, can preserve an # amazing air of vitality and popularity for years after all the truth that was once in it has been absorbed into current opinion, transferred to new forms and expressions; or, owing to change of circumstance, has ceased to be true at all. It is notorious that a journal may keep most of its reputation and ever so many of its readers long after any intellectual sap has ceased to flow in its columns, and after it has be gun to give its readers, instead of fruitage, mere abundance of dry leaves and sticks. And so of human beings. It is immensely difficult for a man to know when he is dead; to know, that is to say, when he has lost the faculty of moving along with his time, and living in its foremost ideas and aspirations; when he has no longer anything to hope for, nor much to care for, nothing to contribute to the common stock, nor much to receive from the efforts of others, nor any will to receive it. Of course it may be said that, from this point of view a great many persons are as good as still born to begin with. And this is quite true. There is something partly pathetic and partly comic in the number of men and women whom one meets in the world who have never been quickened into life by the stimulus of circumstance, and yet who move through their existence with all the manner of active creatures. They eat and drink and, to a certain extent, have the gift of articulate speech, and they go i' th' catalogue for human creatures. But what of all this simulation of life? They only move in a phantas magoria. Nothing comes of them, except a certain blocking up of the way for the living. These persons, however, are to be borne with, if without sympathy, also without active wrath. Anger directed against blocks is a waste of a good thing. The case of those who have lived and live no more, yet remain on the face of the earth notwithstanding, is different. Their obstructive power is of an active sort, and, with the reputation of their lives to back them, their chances of doing mischief are most seriously ample. Take a politician, for example, who has been bred up in prin ciples that have become sacred traditions with him, and which appear to him to con tain all things that are needful to salvation. The reasons which recommended them to him may have been good reasons, and for their time they may have suited circum stances to perfection. But circumstances change, and unless the man changes too, and shifts his ground to match, then all the good which he did and got the credit of doing becomes in the public mind a ground for con tinuing to believe in him, and so past bene fits grow into a root of present and future injury. The Americans are often re proached with their short memories towards their statesmen. They have a quaint pro verb about the exceeding smallness of ex presidents. Yet would it not have saved, would it not even now save, England many troubles if some ex-premiers and ex poli ticians of lower degree were to fall into as small estate as that of men who have filled high political office in America ? The good that men do perhaps dies with, them; it were no bad thing if they should die when they have done what good they can. For this is just one of those places where our English fashion' of reverence, good and gracious as it is in so many respects, does us real harm, and will continue to do so until some magician has conferred on states men, authors, and all others whom it may concern the admirable quality of knowing exactly when they are dead. There is not one leading man out of fifty with this rare gift of knowing when the sap has ceased to flow, when his agility in moving with circumstances is palsied, when the time has come for the retirement into the cool and graceful region of reminis cence. There are so many reasons why even a good man should be reluctant to acknowledge that he has a foot in the poli tical or speculative grave. His methods have answered in past times, why should they not answer now ? He was in active life when his opponents were in the fourth form at school, for he was studying the highest problems in this or in that when they were puzzling over its very elements; surely he must be the wiser, &c.; ? The other side of all this is not apparent to him, that the very qualities which enabled him to understand and to grapple with one set of circumstances may most effectually unfit him for the comprehension and settlement of the next set presenting themselves. To put it into a formula —a human character is much more likely to stiffen than human circumstances to reproduce itself. Perhaps the world finds this out most constantly and most expensively in the case of mili tary people. No experience is able to drive out of the heads of a Government the idea that the veteran must be the right person and the best person available to place in command. Because old General Scott had proved himself equal to the con duct of a war in Mexico, the American Government argued that he was the best man they could find to fight a territory of thousands of square miles. The poor man was, in point of military capacity, as dead ten years ago as he is now. English military history is a long chronicle of the effort of men with life and an alert vision to break the monopoly of command enjoyed by creatures long defunct. How much force has been lost to the country, wasted in this heart-breaking and miserable struggle, no mortal man can tell. We can only imagine it from the spectacle of the same sort of waste still visible to anybody who has eyes to see, and from the sound of it audible at this moment by anybody who has ears to hear. The penalties which a people pay for their adoration of experience are a great deal heavier in the long run and spread over the total than any which the adora tion of rashness and audacity would be likely to cost them. Only the penalties are mainly negative. They do not assume the shape usually taken by the penalties of audacity, of tremendous and striking dis- aster, about which there can be no doubt, nor denial, nor mistake. The mischief of the rule of the dead lies in the number of opportunities of which they rob us, of the achievements that might have saved us but for them, of the heroes who would have risen up to deliver U3 if they had not been kept under as though they were flames of destroying fire instead of rays of healing light. It is something of an open question, whether the men who were once wise, do not inflict more ill upon us than those who were always fools. That they have the best opportunity is certain. It is the latter, indeed, to whom they are most indebted for this opportunity. It may be said that the great aim and characteristic of a wise practical philosophy is to keep men out of the horrid mental fit of being dead, while thinking that they still live, by prolonging mental activity, or to use a preciser phrase, the faculty of taking an interest in a great number of objects, as long as there is any sort of con sciousness left. This is perfectly true, but it is not quite the whole truth of the matter. To take interest in things is only a virtue when your interest is untainted by the poison of egotism. Most people would like to see good things done, but a consider able proportion among them would make this conditional on the things being done by themselves, or at least in their own special way. The very activity of interest dis played by the unconsciously defunct is just what makes them so truly pestilent. The wise and virtuous man is he who is keenly anxious for this matter and for that, and yet insists neither on his own position being in the front, nor on his own peculiar methods being implicitly adopted. Not to sum up the universe in your own indivi duality is the beginning of wisdom. Men possessed of this wisdom are conscious that each of us only marches as one in a vast and numberless army. What one can do is as nothing. When he has fallen under the burden and the heat, the great host marches on and on as before. To think much on this, much on the race and little on self, is the surest way of avoiding pre mature death. Consciousness of the im measurable size of all life in comparison of any one, even if that be the most impor tant, and how much more if it be of the least important, is probably the most in dispensable of these elements which keep a character wholesome and life-like. With this element the chances of one's uncon sciously passing away to limbo, and yet persisting in fluttering and gibbering among old scenes, are indefinitely lessened. 