MISCELLANEOUS NEWS. From the late English Papers.) IT will be noticed that the French Prince Imperial is coming before the public very much r s o frequently than heretofore. The Emperor of the French, for example, was to have inspected some works at Cherbourg on the 14th April, but he sent his son instead. The lad, who is said to play his part in high State comedy very well indeed, drove into Cherbourg with a grand cortege "inspected" the fortifications and the arsenal, and was welcomed by the town with a grand illumination. He is to visit Brest before his return under the escort of on ironclad fleet, and grand/ties are to be held in his honour." The extraordinary social given to his movements increases the impression that the Emperor intends shortly to name him as his successor, to declare him of age, and to submit his choice to the ratification of the people. The recent Imperial pamphlet certainly pointed to borne such device. The highly comical scene that lately occurred in the case of Mr. Pitt, of Elstree, and his maid servant, Esther Grover, constitutes, we must hope, one of the concluding acts in this phase of a noble career. The good that has been effected by the Marquis of Townshend, in carrying out the objects of the society over which he presides, is considerable; and his personal devotion to its benevolent objects, in some respects, is beyond all praise. But we venture to request that he will hereafter discover some plan of having the police work of the business done by deputy. It is true, there may be nothing infra dig., so far as the theory of the matter is concerned for in this light it is the majesty of the law itself that arrests wife beaters and child burners, and deals with them to the bitter end. But it would not be at all desirable that chief justices should personally collar bullies and beggars to hale before the bench, and that the public eye should be regaled with the sight of rags and ruffianism in the immediate custody and contact of ermine. This noble gentleman bears a very high tide; and we cannot say we much like to see the porphyrogeniti patrolling slums and kennels, even with the best and purest of motives. Zeal, also very greatly outstripped discretion when it pushed the Marquis post Mr. Justice Shallow who sleeps "on" his own letters, and opens "Miss" Grover's, in his own ball-all the way down the kitchen'stairs, to come up to the surface again, like a diver, with the priceless gold cup of mademoiselle" liberty. It was certainly going very far to treat the Grover like a " marchioness " indeed, as Mr. Swiveller would have said, and for once, at any rate, high life has been below stairs with a vengeance. Let us hope that, having made the experiment in corpore not too well, the noble lord will, like Dante, be satisfied, nor seek again to visit the domestic inferno in spite of the energetic remonstrance of the Pitts and Cerberuses of the domain. Besides, the Marquis must lose much time, like M. Dubois, in incessantly changing his clothes. Where we wonder, could the cook have been, that the gallant invader escaped untasted ? There have been days when the hero of such an exploit would at least have only effected his escape under a volley of roast duck and gravy, accompanied by a mitrailleuse early potatoes. Noblesse oblige, doubtless, and prompts Lord Townshend to do many kind and noble actions. But *? Est modus in rebus;" and his latest performance, if it is not a rebus, is one but too likely to fill the wits of the vaillctaitle with very undesirable conundrums at the expense of the illustrious order of which, in many respects, the Marquis is a worthy representative; and will, we should think, become yet more so, and that, we hope, on a very different tableland. When Lord Cairns accepted his present position, it was mentioned that out of thirty-nine lay Lord Chancellors, he was the only Irishman who has occupied the woolsack. In August, 1253, Henry III. visited France, desiring to quell a rising in Gascony, and in his absence entrusted the Great Seal to his wife, Eleanor of Provence. She employed to seal writs William do Kilkenny, an Irishman, as his name betrays, but Archdeacon of Coventry, and sub- sequently Bishop of Ely and he, at the Queen's departure to join her husband in France, became Lord Chancellor, and held office for eighteen months. Although none of the Lady Keeper's decisions have been preserved, it is on record that proceedings in the Sala Regia were subjected to a month's delay from a somewhat singular case the accouchement of the Judge. - The title of Fitzwalter, which is stated to have been selected by Sir Brooke Bridges, is one of the most interesting in the English Peerage. Robert Fitzwalter first of that name, the great grandson of Piebald Fitz-Gilbert, founder of the powerful house of CIne, was "Marshal of the Army of God and the Holy Church in the barons' wars with King John, and was one of the twenty-five illustrious conservators of Magna Charta. He died at Damietta during its siege by the Crusaders, A.D. 1234. There are legends which connect the Maid Alarinn of Robin Hood's Garland with the family of this hero. In 1429, John Ratcliffe whose father had married the heiress of the last Fitzwalter, was summoned to their barony and in his descendants, advanced to the Earldom of Smsex, It remained till 1641, wren the failure of their male line transferred it to the Alildmays, after a contest with the heir of the last Earl of Sussex, who contended that the barony out fit to go with the land. At the death of Earl Fitzwalter in 1756, the barony fell into abeyance between five co-heir. Mrs. Goodwin and Mrs. Waterson, who died childless; Airs. Townshend, whose issue became extinct; Mrs. Gardiner, of Tollesbury, Essex, of whose family no trace can be discovered and Mrs. Fowler, from whom descends Sir Brooke Bridges, who is unable, owing to the uncertainty of the existence of heirs of Airs. Gar dam r, to establish his claim to the barony of Henry let's time, but who may be fairly reckoned the representative of the hero of Magna Charta, and of the " stout Sussex " of Queen Elizabeth's reign. A rather remarkable action was tried at Liverpool before Mr. Justice Lush. It was brought by the family of the late Archdeacon of Alan cluster against a railway company for damages sustained by reason of the Archdeacon's death, brought about by the company 'B negligence. The case, however, was not decided upon this last point, but upon the question of damages, it being contended that the sons and daughters of the deceased had benefited by his death rather than otherwise. It was proved in evidence that they became entitled upon that event to turns of four or five thousand pounds apiece and their, counsel thereupon abandoned the case, and the jury found a verdict for the company. It has been held, however, before now, that it was not necessary to move absolute pecuniary loss in such cases, and hence the particular interest of this verdict, ( The Volunteer Review on Easter Monday, which was expected to prove a failure, turned out a decided success. Not less than 28,000 Volunteers reached Ports mouth, and went through all the evolutions of a mimic combat without mishap or failure, in two objections only are raised by military critics, that the men do not march solidly enough, and that discoverers are decidedly less competent than the men. The first defect is alleged to have existed throughout the American Volunteer army, which, nevertheless, killed its opponents successfully enough, but the second is a serious one. Not one Volunteer General can be said to have so one decidedly in the Civil War, and they had four years of active service to learn their lesson in. In the event of on invasion, we should not have four days. If two years of West Point makes such a difference, could we not expand Hythe ! It would appear that the more religious portion of the Scotch people, usually SO ready to join any " No Popery " cry, OTC decidedly in favour of the dis- establishment of the Irish Church, A great meeting of Free Churchmen in Edinburgh, attended by the leading men of that communion throughout East Scotland, has unanimously pronounced in that sense. The Free Church Synod of Glasgow and Ayr has passed a similar resolution, and even in the Established Church Synod of Alerse end Teviotdale a motion on behalf of the Church was only carried by the Moderator's vote. The staunchness of Scotch Liberals in this matter is the mere remarkable, because both Churches profess to maintain the principle that the State if bound to establish and endow the truth. The difference between them is that the Free Churchmen hold that the State, having fulfilled that duty ought not 'to control the Church it has established, and that the Establishment holds State' interference, though objects nable, lot c f necessity un-Christian. Can pi opie bite mankind i r their neighbours generally as they have their personal enemies ? It would certainly seem so from two cases recorded this week. In one a woman was accused of setting fire to letter boxes. Its] peart d that some letters she had expected had not reached her, and that she, as she said, "was determined nobody else should have any." In the second and graver case, a man, named Samuel Jenkins, endeavoured to commit 1000 murders in order to avenge his suspension by a railway company. He deliberately placed three. heavy obstructions on the railway outside Kidderminster, just as a train with 1000 Volunteers on board became due, and then sented himself at a window in a neighbouring beershop to gloat over the collision. Fortunately some platelayers had been watching him, and removed the obstructions before the train came through. The man had no quarrel with the Volunteers, or indeed with the railway company, who had not dismissed, but only suspended him, and there is some hope that hers insane. If he is not, he is as much a murderer in intention as if he had employed poison. A Letter from the Pope to the Emperor of Austria which we mentioned last week, has been officially declared to be a forgery. It seems certain, however, that the Pope has found some means of influencing the Kaiser, for he has not yet signed the Civil Mar- riage Bill, [and it is reported hesitates to break so t completely with Rome. He is inclined to wait for that revision of the Concordat which the Papacy can never grant, and may at the eleventh hour recede from his new position as constitutional sovereign. If he does, the last chance of reconciliation between the Hapsburgs and the people will pass away but it is scarcely possible that he should exhibit such vacilla- tion. It would have been far easier to stir up the Upper House to throw out the bill. It is more probable that the Emperor is perplexed by pressure from within his own family, and is striving to gain time. The Prussian Government have, it appears, Bound reasons for believing that the King of Hanover is still at war with them. Ten officers, Hanoverians, were tried in Berlin on the 9th instant, on a charge of treason, and condemned, par contumacy, to ten years' imprisonment in the House of Correction. It appeared from the evidence, chiefly intercepted letters, that they had all been engaged in inducing soldiers on furlough to enlist in the Legion intended to fight against Prussia, and were directed by the King's own Aide de-camp. No Continental Government, and, indeed, no Government whatever will bear tampering with its soldiery, and even the King of Prussia, who half doubts if he had a right to overthrow a family so "legitimate" as the Guelphs, is exasperated, and has, it is said, consented to stop the ex-King's annuity. On the occasion of the late drawing-room, it was the intention of Her Majesty to be escorted by a regiment of Life Guards to St. James's Palace, and a letter containing the order for the escort to be in readiness was received at the Horse Guards on the previous afternoon ; but though it was addressed to Colonel de Boa, and marked immediate, it was not delivered to the colonel before the morning of March 12th, when it was too late to warn the officers and men. The delay resulted from the arrangement by which there is not even a responsible clerk left at the Horse Guards after 4 pm The painful revelations connected with the subject of baby-farming have inspired a number of charitable ladies, with Lady Petre at their head, to found a creche, on the model of those existing in France and Germany, and other parts of the Continent. In this instance the creche is intended for the benefit of the poor belonging to the Roman Catholic community, the subscriptions having been raised entirely by their well-to-do co-religionists. A large house, between Oxford-street and Manchester-square, in the midst I of a very poor district, has been taken and here moth era who have to gain a livelihood away from their homes will be enabled to leave their children during, the day. The infants will be well cared for by the Sisters of Charity of St. Vincent de Paul, and will be fed and clothed free of expense to their parents. It is also proposed to have in the same house a " Class of Perseverance for poor girls, to keep them out of mischief until they are held enough to go to service. These girls will assist the sisters in tending the children, and will receive food, clothing, and education gratuitously. We have no doubt of the success of this undertaking, and trust the example may be followed throughout the metropolis and in our large provincial town?. The women of the United States have put forward a new claim, which they will, we imagine, win. Most of the churches there are organised on the plan of the English Nonconformists, the whole body of communicants electing and dismissing the pastor, and virtually, though not nominally, settling the " Articles " to which he is to subscribe. Women, however, are not allowed to interfere, or even to be present at church meetings. The female com- municants of several large churches, therefore, are asking whether they also have not souls, and, U SO, why they are excluded from closing their minister? It will be very difficult to answer that question, more especially as the average woman of America knows more theology of a kind than the average man, and subscribes quite as liber I ally. The Spectator recommends this new claim to any of our "women's rights" friends who belong to I any read with democratic organisation. At present, I the Quakers are the only sect who formally recognise the quality of the sexes in ecclesiastical affairs. I The Age- complains that in the political world everything should be brought to a standstill to suit the Government. The Reform Bills which are necessary to complete last years legislation are untouched, the very estimates upon which the whole executive administration of the country depends are unvoted, because Mr Disraeli is in the dumps, All useful legislation is at a standstill, just as the messages from Sir Robert Napier are interrupted by monkeys who persist in hanging by their tails to the telegraph wires. The Government of the country is falling into contempt from the sheer incapacity of the Administration to advance, and their unconstitutional determination not to retreat, although in the most wretched and powerless minority. Some method must be found of putting an end to this intolerable state of things, which is persisted in simply because the Premier wishes to have the power of goading the people at the time of the general election by pretended plots against the Crown and the Church. It would be infinitely better that the Liberal party should at once step in to take upon themselves the duties which the Constitution lays upon a majority. The Paris correspondent of the Pall Mall Gazette, in his letter of last evening, 22nd April, says: " Prussia and Russia are further exciting the indigo nation of this country by wishing to wipe even the name of Poland from the European map. It is said that Baron Beust, in a despatch to Prince Metternich, describes the conduct of Russia and Prussia as a challenge thrown down to Europe, and desires to know the opinion of France. It has certainly been remarked that there have been frequent interviews between the Prussian and Austrian Ambassadors and M. de Moustier. The camp at Saint Maur, about four miles from Paris, was opened on Monday, 5000 men of the Imperial Guard taking up their quarters there under canvas. The Emperor drove drove down in a coupe, and, observing the bad state of the ground, gave orders for 5000 shots to be served out for the protection of the soldiers' feet. The troops at present in camp will only remain there for ten days, when they will be relieved. After the Guard, the line now in Paris will pass through the same ordeal. Figaro treats us to an anecdote which is not readily swallowed. 'A rich English capitalist, M. P., died yesterday in a re- staurant, the victim of intemperance. It was on emptying his thirteenth bottle of Bordeaux that this gentian an gave up the ghost. He was on his way to the Bois to terminate an affair of honour with a com- patriot, lately high up in diplomacy, when it was resolved to test who could drink the most before go ng on the ground-a horrible infraction of the usual custom, which is that the breakfast should take place after and not before the duel.' The diplomatist was evidently a cunning fellow." , In Pul is great efforts are being made to compensate for the general commercial depression and the high price of provisions, by providing abundance of labour for the working classes. Not only are the works at the new opera and vaudeville being pushed briskly forward, but an immense number of workmen are engaged at the Hotel Dieu, which the Emperor promised should be finished simultaneously with the opera house. An immense block of buildings, extending some distance down the Rue de la Paix and along the Boulevard des Capuchins, is also being pulled down to form a place of the same size as that in front of the new opera; other houses have been vacated in the rear with the view to their removal for the new Rue de l'Impératrice, which is to connect the opera house with the Theatre Francais and the Palais Royal. Besides all this, in every one of the twenty arrondissements of Paris building operations to a considerable extent are being carried on. On the occasion of the Prince ImperipTs visit to Brest, his Imperial Highness gave a dinner to 406 apprentices to the navy. The menu consisted of I vermicelli soup, butter, radishes, convictions, anchor- | vies, sausages and ham, beef pique of 16 cars are, now de went on JUB, legs of mutton and salad, followed by a dessert of dried fruits, cakes, and biscuits. A bottle of tin ordinaire was served to every two boys, a bottle of Bordeaux to every eight, and then coffee and cognac. the correspondent of the Morning Star re- present the Print e as having been dreadfully snubbed on the occasion by General Froiaeatd, and as having looked very shy and downcast. One mifchievGUB influence of trade unions upon the interests of the we working classes themselves is pointed out by the Macclesfield Chamber of Commerce, in reply to questions submitted to them on the subject of technical education. The members believe that it if not superior technical education in other countries which gives foreign manufacturers an advantage over us, but the cheaper cost of labour in those countries, and the trade combinations which exist in England these societies, they assert, have driven capital and trade abroad, and have had a disastrous effect of crushing the talent and ability of the artisan." They have caused " an unnatural and fatal mediocrity in design and execution." This is no more than the old objections to trade unions, and they crush the invention and energies of the good workman by not allowing him to rise above the level of the bad. But the complaint this time proceeds from a body competent to judge practically of the evils which they describe. The Macclesfield Chamber of Commerce may of course be mistaken in their opinions upon the question, but they are as likely to be right as the theorists who maintain that the economical effects of trade unions are all excellent. The artisans in the manufacturing districts are the heaviest sufferers from a declining trade, but it is natural that they should fail to connect their hardships with the operations of their favourite societies. To lay before them fully and fairly the varied considerations involved in the subject is a task which some of the innumerable "people's advocates" who now flourish in our midst might profitably occupy themselves with. At present they are intent upon the more pressing object of turning out the Tories. Referring to the invitation of Cardinal Cullen to Dublin Castle, the Freeman's Journal says : " All honour to the feeling which seems to move the noble heart of on Irish proprietor (the Marquis of Aber- corn), who lives amongst his Irish tenantry, and who has learned to comprehend what is due to Irish, feeling. The Roman Catholic prelate of this diocese is invited with every circumstance of honour and respect to share the Viceregal hospitalities by his proper designation, The Cardinal Archbishop of Dublin ; ' is invited to meet the eldest son of the Sovereign, the future King of these realms and his illustrious consort. Amongst the distinguished personages present, to his Eminence is given his proper place, next; immediately after Royalty, and all that is due to his rank is fully accorded to it. Nay more, that princess whose winning beauty and gracious men are making Irish, hearts her subjects indeed, shows especial favour to the head in this country of the Church, which is the Church of the affections of the Irish people; to his Eminence invitations are repeated, and this respect and favour in which the Prince and Princess of Wales have learned to hold this Prince of the Holy Roman Church, are openly and nobly evidenced. No act of the Royal visit will be more gratefully received than this." At the Spring Circuit Court of Justiciary held at Dumfries yesterday, Robert Smith, charged with the murder and outrage of Thomasina Scott, a child ten years of age, also with theft, and with the attempted murder of Jane Creighton, was tried before the Lord Justice Clerk and Lord Keyes. The prisoner pleaded guilty to all the charges except that of murder. About forty witnesses were then called for the prosecution. The circumstances of the crime were of a very atrocious character. The little girl, ThomasinaScotr, while on her way from the village of Cum Beltrees, near Annan, to the town of Annan, to purchase some groceries, took; shelter at a cottage named Longford Cottage, midway between the two places, inhabited by a Airs. Creighton, there she saw the prisoner, who said he would accompany her on the road. They left together, and the child never returned alive. The prisoner, it appears," had taken her into a wood on the roadside, where he strangled her with a bootlace, outraged and robbed her. He then went to Annan and having purchased a pistol there, returned to Lonetfurd Cottage and made a murderous assault upon Mrs. Creighton, at whom he fired a pistol, but that missing its aim he drew a pocket knife and stabbed her several times in the neck, and was about to strangle her on a chair when some boys who were coming with a message knocked at the door and disturbed him When apprehended he bore many evidences upon him to prove his guilt of the murder. Mr. J. H. Stock, who was counsel on his behalf, contended that the prisoner had been under the influence of the state of mind called moral mania." On this ground, and taking into consideration the extreme youth of the prisoner, he Urged them, if they did find him guilty, to recommend him to mercy. The jury then retired to consider their verdict. On their return into court, they returned a verdict of guilty on all the chang s. The prisoner was sentenced to be hanged on the 12th. of May. Ever since the failure of the Bank of Bombay dark stories have been whispered concerning the mis- management which brought about the disaster.. The scandal was not lessened by the fact that the Government of the Western Presidency was officially con- needed with the bank. It now appears that sums as large as £10,000 were lent without security to persons not known to the trading community, and solely to enable them to speculate in the share market. The officers and other servants of the Crown, and the wealthier natives, who kept their money in this bank under the belief that its relations with the Government rendered it secure were little aware that every rupee deposited in the establishment was being squandered by eager and reckless gamblers. The circumstances of the affair warrant a more searching inquiry into the conduct of all the officials than has yet been made, and the lost money ought to be traced as far as possible. This investigation is due to the Government of Bombay no less than to the public. A prosperous bank suddenly fails for £2,000,000, end only a very small proportion of the amount is accounted for. Where did the remainder go ? It is desirable that this question should be properly answered. A great breach of trust, such as has obviously been committed in this case, certainly ought not to be " hushed up." It ought to be ascertained who borrowed the money, and whether any Government officers took advantage of the obliging disposition of the bank directors. Sir Staffi rd Northcote should satisfy himself on these points before finally lending his sanction to the association of the Government with another Bank of Bombay. Mr. Charles Dickens gave his final reading in Bos- ton on the 8th instant before a large audience. His residing table was decorated with rare and beautiful flowers, and as he noticed the graceful compliment on approaching the footlights, Air. Dickens said, " I kiss the fair hands unknown who have so beautifully adorned my table." He read Dr. Marigold" and Surrey Camp," and at the close of his reading he responded to the enthusiastic plaudits with which he was greeted in the following words "Ladies and gentlemen, My precious and generous welcome in America, which can never be obliterated from my remembrance, began here. My departure begins here too, for I assure you that I have never until this moment really felt that I am going away. In this brief life of ours it is sad to do almost anything for the last time, and I cannot conceal from you that although my face will so soon be turned toward my native land and to all that makes it dear, it is a sad consideration with, me that in a very few moments from this time this brilliant hall, and all that it contains, will fade from my view for evermore. But it is my consolation that the spirit of the bright face?, the quick perception, the ready replies, the generous allowance, and the cheering sounds that have made this place joyful to me, will remain, and you may rely upon it that spirit will abide with me as long as I have the sense and sentiment of life. I do not say this with any reference to the private friendships that have for years and years made Boston a memorable and beloved spot to rxe, for such private references have no business in this public place. I say it purely in remembrance of, and in homage to, the great public heart before me. Ladies and gentlemen, I beg most earnestly, most gratefully, and most affectionately to bid you each and all farewell." As Mr. Dickens was leaving the stage the audit nee rose en masse, and while the gentlemen, hurrahed over and over again, the ladies waved their handkerchiefs until he had retired from view. A. A. Wolff, one of the staff of the Figaro, has lately been in London and has lately seen some wonderful things which he relates for the benefit of his countrymen, but without any hope of being believed. He saw the chief of the London police receiving people without fuss or ceremony in a modest little office, without a single soldier as a sentry, or even an armed policeman ; he also saw a magistrate at one of the police-court sitting on the bench alone without any assistant, and without robes or uniform of any kind. But his ears were even more astonished than his eyes. He heard the London prefect of police declare that " heats only the arm of the law, that the law was stronger than he, and that he could do nothing except under specific legal authority j" and, most wonderful of all he heard a police magistrate speaking civilly to the M illness, and even calling them " sir." Race-goers, beware! A contemporary announces the importation from America of a large consignment of " Petroleum Champagne," a liquid even more deleterious to the consumer than the abominable com pi and known as " Ball Champagne," by which so many young constitutions are annually destroyed in Belgravia and Mayfair. The British Medical Journal tells us that " from the fiery benzene a sparkling, bubbling, foaming wine, is now produced, delighting the eye, tickling the palate, and gladdening the head of the unwary dancer who swallows it, but who, are twenty-four hours have elapsed, deplores with corrugated lip, parched palate, and scoured entrails the barbarous economy of the ball giver who has mustered her young guests to their destruction. Why is it that people, who would shrink from poison- ing their friends at dinner with bad wine, think that no -one can he too poisonous to be drunk at a ball ? Again, we say, "Ball-goers, beware! petroleum champagne is in the market, at 18s. a dozen, and Lady has announced her first ball for the season." 