PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, YACK- \- ANDANDAH. The foundation stone of a new. church at Yackaudandah was laid on Tuesday last. The wet and stormy character of the weather prevented the attendance of many from a distance who intended to be present at the interesting ceremony. Notwithstanding the boisterous state of the weather there was, however, a numerous assemblage. The proceedings were commenced by the moderator of Presbytery, the Rev. D. H. BALLANTYXE, who read suita ble au-5 appropriate passage? of scripture. The Per. J. GRBIG, minister of the congregation, then ed'ered up an im- pres-i»"t urayer. Mi' J. H. DA.RT0N, hon. sec. of the building committee, read a document detail 'm? "he history of tho congregation, itq present position, and office bearers, with the- names of tho civil authorities iu the district, the clergy of the different churches, together with other interesting information. Haviutr read the same he placed it m a jar, toiother with copies of the latest dates of Tin; Ocens and Murray Advertiser, Constitution, and other uews- """ papers, aud several coins of the realm. The jar v;as then sealed, and deposited beneath the foundation stone. The MODERATOR 77113 tbe11 called upon to lay the foundation stone, which he did in due form, declaring the same to be well laid, and afterwards pro ceeded to address the audience. He said, this stone is now laid, aud in the good providence of God, this church will ere long be finished. It is right that we should acknowledge God in all such un dertakings. With tke church of old the church may still say, " Except the Lord build the house, they labor iu vain that build it." It is interesting to see signs of material progress in a town or district. Among such signs the building of churches is surely one. It is an evidence that the people are in a thriv ing, settled, and civilised condition. It is many years uow since your old church was erected, as the first place of public worship in this town ; and having well served its purpose I am glad that it is to be succeeded by a more elegant and permanent structure. Not only is the erec'iou of a church a sign of material, it is also a sign of spiritual progress. It shows that a large portion of the commnniry are resolved not to live as if tiiev wvm in a heathen land, ignorant of U-.e God who made them, and of their roywvi-ihilily as His rational creatures. Jo 'ws, also, that many here are coin—i :.-i fm their own spiritual well-being, tin t li.tr f their chil dren, and the coUiOji!:.!!.'. round them, aud are inclined to s.-i like the p;ous patriot, who said " W. will not forsake the house of our Got." The erection of the church ou tho foundation stone is the result of design. Your architect lias of course prepared a plan indicating the qmtiii.y and din-on Tins of the buddin . . now being erected ou th':' beautiful and cuuuuau ling situation. This Jiould remind u.s tli u a plau of the great spiritual temple has also been pro posed, This plan was prepared from eternity. The Creator of the universe was the great, wise, unerring Architect. The ph. u was the result of His infinite skill. The >tone uow hud is strong and good, but in itjM-i f is not of au unusually costly de-cj :i>uon. Diamonds are never used fis fbn.m'htiou stones. They are tvi smit'l fir the purpose, ami the. value is too great, hut the to end. a.' ou stoue of the spiritual temple is a stone most precious — more proei'ms than ail the diflin.'- lids .-ji which the eye of man ever looked. Uhrist, who is thi« stone, is chief among tc'ipthousand, and to Chris tians he is precious. Earfldy buildings will perish. The church w hose founda tion stone we have this day laid will in the lapse of a« -s crumble m;., dust. All material things wax old and decay. Tho :1 lowers, thu tT'-r.-a >:i? princes, The nn .nples, thstrrei.t L'iU»e itseii, Air! r'J whiYi; it iuhfritsFhtii! hY - 've, AT>«i iko in h.-i-k'Utds fabric of a vision LciAve not a wieck. beliiiii. But wuile buddings made wilh human hands will vanish from this transitory scene, we have a building — au house of God, not made with hands — eternal in the heavens. The R.-v J. K. McMILLAN said ; I have to express the great pleasure which I feel in being present on this occasion, and in taking part iu the interesting pro ceedings of this day. The congregation of Yackaudandah has long been the object of my interest and afl'-ciion. It is, I believe, though onG of the smallest, at the same time, one of the most attached congregations of the Presbvte- rian Church of Victoria. I know much of its early history. I can speak of its long years of anxious waiting before it succeeded, in obtaiuing for itself a Mi nister ; and now that it lias overcome all its initiatory difficulties — now that it is under tiie care of an experienced and devoted Minister of the Church — now that it has the prospect Gf being soon accommodated within the beautiful and becoming building, whose foundation stone you, sir. have now laid, I beg to express my deep feelings of thankfulness and satisfaction. I have to congratulate the Cougrcgai ion on the liberality which they have shown, in proceeding to the erection of a Church, and when this Church is completed, I trust it will be regarded as a monument not only of the warm piety of the people, hut also of their patriotism, and of their devoted loyalty and attachment to the Cnurch. of their fathers. We are reminded this day, and at such an in teresting :ime as this, that we are far away from the scenes of early life, from tho Congregations of which we were members in days gone by, and frorq the ministers of God who told us in our j early days of the way of salvation, i Thousands of miles of wild ocean now 1 lie between us and the scenes dear to as in connection with the worship of God in early days, the church to which wo were Jed by our parents when we were children, the exeelkmr, and godly ministers who impressed upon us our duty to our fel low men and to the Most High, and the old churchyard where perhaps tho re mains of our parents now lie in peaceful repose. But though far away from such, scenes as these which shall ever hold the chief place in our affections, yet we prove by the act in which we have this day taken part that we are determined not to abandon the worship of God and not to desert the church of our fathers in this distant land — a Church on behalf of which many in early days underwent persecution and suffered death amid the most painful circumstances. The Pres. hyterian Church, whose fragments have fortunately been gathered into one body in this and neighboring ; colonies, is not to be regarded as a dissenting denomination. It is one of the old churches of the reforma- i tion. It has not separated or dissented from any other church. In later days it is the Church of Calvin and of Knox, and the other eminent men who were associated with them in that great move ment which has proved such a blessing to the world. Let us therefore, while we / highly esteem and desire to co-operate with other Christian churches in promot ing the comfort and happiness of our feilowmen, especially love and venerate our own section of the church. She is worthy of our affection and veneration. On behalf of her principles, on behalf of her worship, some of the wisest, the most learned aud best men the world | has ever seen have endured the most ' painful sacrifices — have submitted to the ' loss of liberty and life. Aud knowing this, what will the members of other I churches think of us, if we, the descend- j ants of such men, esteem the principles j and worship of the Presbyterian Church i as a thing of nought ; if we sell our j | birthright for a mess of pottage, and if I j for the most trifling reason in the world I we abandon this church for another, j Let us esteem it to be a sacred privilege ' that we are connected with a section of the church, whose principles and prac tice, whose form of government and worship are so strictly in accordance J with the word of God. Let us guard j ' our privilege with the most jealous carc, \ and let us see to it that we are resolved ! to hand down unimpaired to our children j the distinguished blessings which as j Presbyterians we have inherited from our j lathers. I believe it is customary on occasions of this kind to make reference not only to the church with which the ' congregation is connected, but also to give some brief account of its form of church government and of its history in | the land. Iu a very few sentences I will j speak of these things. The Presby- ' terian Church maintains the right on the | part of the Chiistian people to eloet j their own office bearers and ministers, ; but at the same time it maintains the right of those who are office bearers to , set apart tlieir colleagues to their office. ! This practice is in accordance with that . of the early church of which we read : " "Wherefore, brethren, look ye out ' among you seven men of honest report, j full of the Holy Ghost and wisdom, ; whom we may appoint over this busi- | ness." Here, evidently, the apostle ; called upon the members of tho church j to proceed to the election of their office- ! bearers, hut at the same time he clearly ! intimated that it was his province and that of his colleagues to set apart those persons to the duties of their office. Acting upon this, the Presbyterian j Church believes that it is the right and j privilege of the members of the church i to elect their own Deacons and Pres- i byters, but having done so, it believes, j also, that it is the right of the office- j Ivarers set apart in scriptural form ' these who are elected to the duties of : their office. The Presbyterian Church ' maintains that there are office-bearers in the church separate and distinct from the members of which it is composed, and that unquestionably these office-bearers, when duly elected and set apart to their office, possess rights and privileges of their own. This is clearly insisted upon in that statement which the apostle made to the members of a Christian Church : " Obey them that have the rule over you, and submit yourselves, for they watch for your souls as the' that must give account." Here the exercise of rule is not only referred to, but the fact is stated who these rulers are — the elders, pastors, or Presbyters — " those who watch f >r souls, as they that must give account." The Presbyterian Church maintains the equality or parity of pastors or Presbyters in the church. Beiieviua that Presbyter, past o-, or bishop are synonymous terms, that they s:g- nify one and the same office-bearer, as in these words, from the Apostle Peter, " The elders or Presbyters which are among you, I exhort, who am also an elder. I feed the flock of God which is among .you, taking the oversight thereof or aeting as bishops thereof." The word in the original is " Episkopountes." Here the same persons who are called elders or Presbyters are required to act as overseers or bishops — " Episkopountes." In the Acta of the Apostles we read that the apostle Paul uses the same lan guage with Peter. It is said in the lGth chapter " that he sent to Ephesus ami called the elders of the church," the word in the original is Presbuteroi, and to the same persons ho said in the same chapter " Take heed, therefore, unto yourselves, and to all the flock over which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers," the word in the original is Episkopons, which elsewhei'e is trans lated Bishops. We find that the Pres buteroi were Episkopous, and accordingly we conclude, as the words have the same meaning, that Presbyterian ministers are overseers or bishops. The business of this church, whose form of government is, we believe, founded on the word of God, is conducted by Kirk Sessions, Presbyteries, and a General Assembly. The Kirk Session consists of all th9 elders in a congregation, with the minis ter or pastor as its permanent chairman or moderator. The Presbytery consists of all the ministers in a district, with an elder from each Kirk Session, and the General Assembly consists of all the min isters of the church in the land, with an elder from each of the Kirk -Sessions. The advantage of this arrangement is, that congregational matters are watched over, aud promoted by the Kirk Session ; that all the congregations of a distriot are uader the superintendence or care of a Presbytery, and that all the Presbyteries with all they include are under the oversight of the General Assembly. Any business before a Kirk Session may be brought by reference, by complaint or appeal before the Presbj'tery, and in the same way may be carried from the Presbytery to the General Assembly. There is thus all security afforded to the members and ministers of the church that full justice will be done them in any matter in which they are concerned. If anyone supposes that he has not been fairly treated by his Kirk Session, he may appeal to the Presbytery, who will consider the matter and give him redress if he is entitled to it, and again, he may appeal to the General Assembly if dis- satified with the decision of the Pres bytery. Thei'e is thus every guarantee afforded to the members and ministers of the church that they will receive full satisfaction if they have cause to com plain of any treatment which they have received, while at the same time under such a system supreme power is not cn- trasted to one individual, however exc el- lent — however worthy of veneration and regard. Before I conclude I think it ap propriate at such a time as this to give a little information concerning the Pres byterian Church in the colony of Yictoria. In the year 1S59 the various parts of the Presbyterian Church then existing in the colouy were united as one church. The Presbyterian Church of Yictoria accordingly includes within it — minis ters and congregations of all sections of the Presbyterian Church — and may therefore be regarded as the most faith ful representation of the Church of Scotland in existence. They are now actively engaged in efforts to unite the fragments of the Presbyterian Church at home. I trust they may be successful in their efforts, and that soon the church of our fatherland may be one, as in her early days, and an eminent blessing to the world. In Yictoria, we have at present 110 ministers ; of that number about 100 are in charge of churches and parishes, while about ten are supplying vacant congregations. The Presbyterian Church has in Yictoria 164 churches, 85 manses, and 7S schools. There are also 200 Sabbath schools, with upwards of 12, COO Sabbath school children. It is estimated that the properties of the church have been erected at a cost of about £300,000. The revenue of the church for the year 1867, for congrega tional purposes, and for home and foreign missions, &c.;, amounted to £66,000. Such, then, are a few of the statistics of the section of the church with which we are connected. Let us pray that every succeeding year may find it more prosperous and useful — that each succeeding year it may accomplish more than ever the chief object which its position in this land has in view — the extension of the blessings of the Gospel at home and abroad. Let us he thankful that its Foreign Missions are prospering, and that by the blessing of God upon the efforts of its missionaries, it may bo said of places which were once the habi tations of horrid cruelty, " That the' give glory unto the Lord, and declare his praise in the islands " The parched ground has become a pool, and the thirsty land springs of water, in tho habitation of dragons where each lay there is uow grass with reeds and rushes." And now, sir, as I close, with all my heart I wish success to the undertaking which we have this day commenced. I trust we have laid the foundation well, that course by course the build ing may proceed to a safe and speedy completion, that largo congregations may assemble within its walls for the worship of God ; and loug after our work here is done — long after we are gathered to our fathers — long after these bodies of ours, now full of life, are laid iu the grave — that it may prove, under an earnest ministry, the spiritual birth place of many, who shall meet wilh us when the present dispensatiou has closed, in the house of God " not made with hands," whose foundation was laid before the foundations of the world. The proceedings were closed by singing apart of the 122nd Psalm, and by the Benediction. 