GENERAL SUWS. Scene is a Cnrcou.— The Arju? says:— A fensalion scene occurred on Sunday Evenicc at St. John's Church, Heidelberg arising fronfthe following circumstanciE. On ihe previoas Sun. day tlie Rev. J. Lynar psre n^sice that t!;ere wouli be a meeting of the members of the Church on the 19lh inst., tofiil up a vacancy that had oecured ia tbe Common School Csrumiitee, such mcct^nj to be hiM in the cc mmon-tchool. Daring ilie ensuiag week a respectful requisi tion was sot nn. afkinir the rev. p-mlf-man in alter the place if nieeiio; to tlie ehurcliTestry, ' whtrt all previous met tjnss had been hel-i, aiid | at t:ie co^niuiuoa-taMu on last Sunday morning j tbe rev. peutl-.u-an alicdt-J to tliu requisition, ; argued tie qutf tirn at considerable iergih, and cocL-ludeJ by n'ost emf-hatically declining tc accede to t he request. Ti.is decision the rtqui Fiticr.Uts acctpteJ as final, ani t«wk r.ofunUr ? r.c:icn. But in li-.e evening, btfore leavirg tiie ' rea'iin? iic-t, to the surjrisc of everyone. Mr. Lynir alluded to ti:e sutject again, f»i: lie had ai'.eriii V.is mind, and tht mte:iiig vouM belieli j Rt requei'.ed ; anjtnarkeiiy aiioding lotliepirty 1 lirtoijgh »Uom he had rei- eivt-d the r»qii-iI.kn, | opene-i !iis Bib'e, ard said lie would read :or li? I special b.ctfit St. Paul's ajrict'. as contrined ir. ! ihe 17 ih »crse cftlic 16;)i cbsp-er cf Komsnf:— ! '? 1 btseecu yon, hmlurn, mark ihtm a iiiib j cause dirifione and crTcnces contrary to the ! lioctrire -e bavt received, ana atoiJ them,' j Is; ing nsui-h emriissis upou tl;e wor-js 'mark' 1 and '? avoid.' Mr.Duri-.&iu;, '.lie person alluicd to, in.tnttiiatelv r^*e snd amidst the D^st dead-like fiJeo^qmttly and calmly said, li .Mr. Lycar. whilst K-tlirig hurrWy »cd de*ply tensilie of t:ie rscrrfnif; of she p'see, I caoDot sit ad hc*r these pcin'.ed aliosior.s to myself vi.bcut proteslirjE against them — they are not EuittJ to the rulpii, coiun-union, or risking Jesk. tna bowevtr na'cicl it njsy be, I racM eery their Hpp'.icibility to roe, for my n-hclesim ar.c conduct lias t.lwsy' Ken to rrcrnoie or.ion in and sltenJaLie st' the church.' The service then rroceedeJ. A: » nreeiirg held on Tvrti»r at St. Joho's iei'r«% Hi-iJelberp , Mr. R. W. K. Mariin w£t,w!thou:oppcsi:ionti«:Kd a merober tf tLe Common Sch.o'. Commiue*. Suadbt iMFOSTre*:.— '«-n WtdneeJaj' eay s the Mount Altaxfidtr Mail 'doting the exam ination of soaie of the heaps of broken meta! ri'ed up for spread np, it was discovered that rro:e than one lot nas unbrrker, with a layer of met&lepre;»5 over it. Ttie ttontbrtaktr waf evidently not aware that tbe Public Works Com mittte cut ttrrough etery heap before jtsking it from the contractor, who alone could be tbe looser by tl e imposition eonght to be effected.' Gom DiGGiyG ik Meubocbse.— A rumour waj generally current inSltlbouroe 00 Wednes day sbst geld bad been discovered st the F(«g itaff- bi!l, and that minen were commtDCing operaiioDs. Tlie only foondation for the state ment appeared to be' the fact that a man »a- employed digging the rotting in King-streei. It seercs that a cepotit of orbre wss dist-overf d some time since, »'d as the jcnteniJ was very much required st Bamiden'f paper mills, a roan had betn employed to ottiin some of il. It will be recollected that some few ycare ago gold was itited to have been found on the hill, but the affair was then set down as a hoax ; but many persons, and among them practical miners have expressed an opinion that gold will yet be found there Id payable quantities. Seevtd Him Eight.— The Dayiefjord Mer cury says:— 'A Melbourne gentleman, who his' been for some time a sleeping partner in a mining venture here in the hope of ' something taming cp,! and who, failing in bis hopes, de nied liability in the costs incurred, as be was not the exoiJoyer, was on Tnesday Ungbt the danger of joining in any fossicking scheme, and the benefit of that morality which despi&s; quibbles as a means of chirking responsi bility. Sued ee one of the partners in a private company, a verdict was given against ' tint f it the amount sued for, leaving him to seek' Va redress from his co-partners. ?..:'-? Docbtttj ? A goat story, vouched for to the Castlemaine Daily Xaot, Is told as -follows : — ' Dr. Malcolm, who has an enticing garden at r&ughan;, that makes the mouths of sundry goate water, was outwitted by a ' nanny ' wbo has two kids. The mother, a large antelope kind of goat, jumped over the fence, and after regaling herself jumped back again, and had a Jong confab with her progeny, which ended in tbe mother raising herself against the paling fence, when the kids mounted on her back and jumped over. The mother, after her offspring had dined off the choice shrubs in the doctor's garden, pnt herself in position and allowed them to return by the same way they had got in.' A Ghost Stoky. — A correspondent, whose veracity is unimpeachable, tends the following to the Crawirk Advertiser :—' An amusing affair happened in this neighbourhood (a villiage not a hundred miles from Creswick) the other evening, which was too good to go down to obscurity nnchronided. A farm labourer, re cently arrived from the 'ouldconnthry,' and employed on a iarge farm, was, after supper, and when sable night had assumed her sapre macv. Gent out to drive in a cow which was grazing in a paddock adjacent to the farm-house, and which had to be driven early next morning to a purchaser residing et some distance from the farm. Our verdant friend proceeded on bis mission, 'whistling as he went for want of thought,' and on arriving at that part of tbe paddock where he expected to find tbe cow, called her by name, knowing foil well that if within hail she would respond to his call by making her appearance. Our friend was of rather a nervous temperament, and you may therefore imagine his consternation when he observed through the gloom a strange-looking chape, robed in white, moving silently towards him. Horrified, he gazed on tlie approaching intruder, until within a few feet of him, when fear obtained tlie mastery over him, and giving vent to an unearthly yell, {which was distinctly beard at the farmhouse, he incontinently made tracks, at a rate that would nave ' defied com petition,' Bushing headlong into tbe house, he startled everybody by exclaiming ' Oh, murther, I've seen a ghost, and I believe it's me father's. Ko argumeuts could induce him to venture out ngair. in quest of the cow, ami the good man of the house, waxing indignant at what be termed . the superstitious fears of his man, went nut himself ; but he bad scarcely got bis nose out side the doar when the 'spectral visitor ' ap jrearei! before him at a few yards distance No thing daunted by its unearthly apjwarance, our sturdy fanner went boldly up to the * ghostly intruder,' who, on observing the farmer, lowed joyfully, and on a closer examination, turned out to be tbe identical coir the astonished far mer was in search of. Divesting it of its 'grave like habiliments,' he carried them inside, where they were recognised by his worthy better half as tueremnante ofalarge counterpane which had keen put out on tbe grass to bleach, apd which by some means the cow, while grazing, had picked up with her borne, and in her struggles to get rid of ber unwelcome guest, fastened inextricably on them. The laborer has since left the locality, for he could not stand the many queries as to whether he had seen his ? father's ghost lately.9 ' Tebmversvtion. — Politicians of uncertain principles should at least have good memories. Ansious to once more figure on the floor of tbe legislative Assembly, Mr. Jones comes forward as the uncompromising advocate of the ultra M'CulIoch doctrine— -'the Darling grant in the Appropriation Bill, and in no otber way.' In January last, however, Mr. Jones held a different opinion Then addressing thecoustita encyof Billarat East, he said — 'He was in clined to think they were a law-abiding people, and did not intend to get rid of one branch of their government in this coIodv. They had 00 infAtitinn txi nut the nainter. and take Govern ment into their own hands, . . . Bad blood had been shown, and wordBnsed1uiheatthatbad been belter unsaid; and but for this the Council would not, perhaps, have placed them selves in their present false position. He did not think Mr. M'Cnlloch was wise in saying the Lady Darling grant would be sent op in the Appropriation Bill, and no other.' Electiok AoootrKTS. — 'BmnouTs have been spread,' says the Warriuunlbool Examiner, ' ot some electioneering accounts, incarred at last election, not having been piid by Mr. M'Dou nell, and one instance of a scrutineer's account at Feneliurst has been specially referred to. We have been assured on good authority, that do fair acooDDt has remained unpaid ; and, from what we know of tbe extortions usually prac tised at elections, we are alow to believe any accusation of the kind.' Good Words. -nThe following is from the Mount Alacaxder Mail:— 'The Jj/eisa very remarkable organ, a phenomenon in journalism si well as ethics and politics. Its temper is diabolical' hsroETtp Hi.il----.— T!-c Ar-j-s srvs.— We regret to learn thst soir.i: !*r.r* i.re mi ruined for the horse Yi-.sng Victor, brcuc: t io li.c c-lc-rii by iiie ship Lin^r.s'nirc. For somt s;x or strcn days \:mI liit l.orte lias rt-TuKj Uci, and yestc-ri!..y. xi^n otumpting 10 lsnd linn, il was foanJ Cussj:; to s:::.s lji niirily t'..i horse hut the box in » hii:!i lie was c.-i;«fjcj out. Kt »bs in l!.:s vay ccr.sty-. j 10 lU-VlJ Prince's briige Nation, r.f :I;e H.'bfoi/s Bay Company's raiiirsr, and from Ou-nre ihox nr.i all) in a 'lorry :o M.«rs MCi» r.rd An:tlivrs stflbli?. *hcn l:.c assssun.-e if fl Ti.Iiri: ari surgven w;is ob:.iir-hi. T.:c horse i; a vir\ fiue rne. ami will In a crt-.it loss to the colony, as n-t'l as to Mr. Gali «3y his cwr.ir, if any aci-iJc:it sli-.u'.J i^yvm l° 'na llr. E7M)O.v'sAiTii]MMi:M!i_Xliefo1.l..Bi!:g I occurs ic the Jp.'l-:~As some of tie Ktt-r. I iafuincui country j .'UrDsls Lave already i'eb ! lislicJ a A-w vi liii; ! aiii-.-uiars counntcd* with oat of the niacisttnai ai'jhintnieuis luaae Viy the H-d. S. H.'l':i.din, lite Minisurof Justii-e, it hi;l\ It &s; wdito r..ciit:on the v. ho'.e f.u-ts of ibe ca'e. Availing iiiii.f-ll of the la« or: or tcnity he bs-i. Mr. B11 d-a en tlie risy Kf. 'n. !.-! left i-ncv made a serue 01 apj'. iiiryicLt^ as jus t :«-5 o: iLfr jtace :arja w.e of tiiesr is, ;; it LScvrtoJ o;trcn s;H.fi:d eh c-.:ion, lieoause the nm iy uii-ie J. P. wag nr.ee conviv-£«i biforc iht Su jTtme Court, and stnt-'ccc-d to s term of im prisjcnjcot acd Lira ialvur oa tlie r .-? :.s- Oe rtfertuce lo Thi At-;,.* vf the d.itt irfcrcu to. ue find that ort Ji.scjih Mairk-t was- o tit I'':!: Scjirimber, ISKi. tRi^i before Mr. J csiice V.':i- j iiaais f.'rhav.ng.asmasttr. fthcbrLjl'Lcl'iiitti j i-cur.J from Livrrfo-! t-Mt-it» ur;.e. w;;fa:i\f.i- j !,nrt.iLi6»f~B,-lliir-jintr.or . Th.i.-tir-nr*w:-s :e- i si'ribci rs a ruisii.mear.our. ar,d iiie f:is ::cr was dtf.nJeJ by Mr. Mschi.-. T^e eiiienct o: a jiisfrtug. r and she lirti mate clear -y ircvui !;;e case Sc-t ihtt'r.'un. *cd ihe l-,ct ths! thi 'ts^el was run in P.-fv's E; -. Is'ia j, in cot.:t qutB-e cf tie -xtr .e: cruLicr.Erf; i: l\\.c pri H-ntr, who wts f . -unii gui^y. and wi»fea:cLCfld to five years' imv-jsoanieui, with ba:d lib/sr ou tbe roaos. It is cow assrrt'.-i ;Lst .Vr. j Joseph Msm.«, of PortJana. who viii m--d* s ! J.P. an tic 5i of ^lis ffiocih, is idciitiKl with ! the tpKmJam prisfUfr of tie Crown. Wi- l^arc j tliat the ircsei-t Govercmenr hivc givec Mr. j Marriott an o^jwrsuciiy :o resign, wbich o'.\ Ci.ane he will do ?! i.e is iiient:cai with tie \ rfffnihrji? caut∈ of the wrecked bnj. To this i coarse, ne may £-id, he has l-rfn icviied by Mr. J. S. Bolters, the re('reseitauie if tbe district. If he dijcs not resign, i; is to be pie scmed the neccsssrj- iaqoirief wiij be trade, with, a view to bis being, if guilty, struck, off the roll LrciD and Simple. — The following piece of writing for the million, commences a paragraph in the Mount Alexander Mail -.— -Some sensation appears to have been create i in a well-known Denominational brwy Ly tbe euueci^tion of cer tain progressive viewE on some of tbe cosmi^al phenomena of tbe Scriptures from the iij^s of a jay prcscbtr, who is also a member of a learned profession in Castlemaine. Fossil Remains.— Is a communicati ^n which we have received from a gentlemen connected with the National Museum in Melbourne, evoked by our parap'aph noticing a discovery of fossil remains on tbe property of Mr. Cuing, «re are informed that several bones of extinct ynimals of gigantic size have been found in this district (the Diprolodon and others) and are now in that institution. Any of our readers wbo may make similar dis coveries to that which -we refer to are requested to \ay attention to the following directions, if they should intend— iu the interests of science — forwarding them to the Museum or other re ceptacle of euch links between the present and past ages : ' As these bones are apt to crumble when dried, it is best to paint them over as soon as found, with very thin glue, ortbin starch, or, in default of both, tbin paste of flour. At any rate, in forwarding them they should be carefully wrapped, piece by piece, in wadding or tow, or wool, and then paper, and closely packed in a box.' Although our com munication is not intended for publication we are justified in quoting : — 'There are no doubt plenty more in those localities, and I trust that the finders of these will look out for them.' — Colac Observer. Killed by DnisK.--Tbe Ararat Advertiser has the following : — We had tlnught that the days when men drank themselves t« death were nearly past in this colony, but judging by the verdict of a coroner's jury that inquired into the cause of death of a man named Mansfield, on tbe Glenorchy road, the practice still exists. The evidence eIiows that Mansen'eld, who was a sawyer, had a partner named Jones, and having together finished a contract job on tbe Glen orchy road they were paid up about a fortnight ago. Since that time the men have been drink ing so heavily and so constantly that Mansefield died on the 17th instant, at the Half-Way House, near Longerenong. The deceased, it was stated, was accompanied in his debauch by his wife and mate. The jury found that death was occasioned by excessive drinking. Sbaep PRtcriCE. — One of tbe most intrepid jumping adventures we ever heard of took place a few days ago, and it Eeeins to eclipse Mr. Cawley s attempt on the Yarrowee. Mr. Dun can, jun., of the Wendouree nursery, wanted a fresh garden plot, or something, and thought tbe old Circuit Court- house reserve, in Lydiard street, an eligible spot, wherefore he went and pat in pegs and set up the usual 'notice of application' on tbe ground between Wesley Church and the Court-house, within tbe enclo sure there. The official Cerberus, Mr. David son, saw the affair, and notified the sheriff, who happening to light upon Mr. Ligar, the Survey - or-General, brought that gentleman to the place. Besnlt summary ejection into the street of Mr. Duncan's pegs and notice-pa|ier. Tbe Ovens Advertiser, writes:— A laughable story, although partly arising out of a very melancholy catastrophe, has reached us as being quite authentic An Irish new chum, quite a recent arrival, living with a farmer at Bowman's Purest, while listening eagerfy to the account in tbiB journal of Mr. Drummond's melancholy fate, glanced down the page where the block in Mr. Lacker's advertisement, representing an elegantly fitting pair «f troiveers ou a pair of fashionable legs, is represeulcd. Believing this was an illustration connected with theshccUing story he was absorbed in he exclaimed, in a voice of pity and terror, ' be the piper, that tiger shnake must be a woppor to ate tlie poor gentleman down to bis waist.' ' Bed Bust.— A Maak-lane London) firm hav ing caused inquiry to be mode of many agri cultural authorities as to the characteristics of red rust, gives the following as the result : — ' By the aid of the microscupe tbe red mat is proved, undoubtedly, to be of fungoid cha rai^vr ? Ancfralian an*l 4(1 nttiar tvul ??ibBl.. !»!«» found of a precisely similar nature. The general opinion seems to be, that, like mildew, its ap pearance is due solely to atmospheric influences. A change from mild genial weather to a cold, humid season, especially at the time the plant is well advanced in growth, frequently produces this form of fungoid disease. In this country (accept under certain conditions) red rust or red gum is not considered very injurious to the growing crop. This information is confirmed by conversations we bare had with Mr. M. O. Cooke, an author who has for many years given attention to the subject. From his well-written publications, on Bust, Smutt, Mildew, and Mould, we give tiie following extracts : — 'In EngUqii red rust, which is more prevalent in -white than red wheat, is not regarded with any degree of fear or anxiety, so long as the stem WJd. fesfrieiliitnjr'we attacked, but should the fungus make its appearance on the ear of the plant, especially in moist hot seasons, mischief thereto may result There is a notion that rust is merely a form of mildew ; but, if so, it is a harmless form. If really a second form of mil dew, it is capable of propagating that pest. When once this snnnosed enecies makes its nn. pearance, it is quite certain there will be mil dew to a greater or less extent' Change of seed for that suitable to the climate and soil of Sooth Australia (this being best known to the local agriculturists) is recommended by many here; tbe probability being that grain of the crop of hut year might he a ready medium of reproducing tbe appearance of red rust (under favouring cirenmstonees) or even mildew, if again used for the next harvest' Bbickmakimg. — The Bollaral Star mentions that 'a patent lias been obtained by Mr. Ed ward Dale, of Chines, for an unproved brick nuking machine. Hitherto there seems to have been a difficulty in making by machinery a clean perfect trick, but is thu instance tint difficulty baa been obviated, as by pressing npon a lever tiie tempered day is rapidly projected from the mill through s succession of moulds, sn-5 ulti mately appears in tiie form of wel! shaped bricks. Extensive sheds have been ' erected dose to the sludge dam of the late Clunes Alluvial Company, and ttt \r* ; ;-.;;? t.- sn- c-i.ablel, \titb. f' ur mm ! and a !.(?:??.? oi ii err. t.- uij'ki-. s-.t. anrt stack, ready ;' ?:? U:r:.;r.j -.'- mm b. ii-ks jor mek. A kiln e..':ii5:L;B^ hH'.iilr.i bricks Wviil-i reuuire twenty-rive onis of w.«', |..ta cost of alx'Ut : 16s (vr ci-ni-. ;-u-i wou! i sake (our days to bum. . As 'miiks are «oi ;i: :r. in ii to i'2 .V- per hjou sand, t.'.iTi- w. S-i ;L'.:? 1 c a LsmUnine profit Itit ' for tie j-rojirit-ti rs : ar.ii liicy certainly detervc , to be suivt'»iu' f'.r their energy in utilising : the iron: (.'!:?-?.' iliiss of c-si^htiy slu.ige cow cue- ! t-eri::£ die gr. ana. but at tlie same time sup- j plying tbe inhabitants of Clunes with a well ! maUe aud R'tl: -buried brick ,sn article which previously ivnld f caret ly be pnvnred ic the j locality. ' Mr. Pales' bricks, wbk-h arc being j nstd in tbe erection of ihe Kechsbite hall aud j other buii.licps, sre highly spoken of and in | great rvquist.' ! 