NEWS BY THE MAIL. ' We have our usual file of English papers to the 20th of December. From these we take the role of the Fenian news, with such other items r telligence I seem to possess the greatest interest:- in FENIANS. Ervine 10 RESCUE COLONEL BURKE FROM A CLERKENWELL PRISON. M... LOSS OF LIFE AND DESTRUCTION OF THE" PROPERTY. On Friday afternoon, December 13th, about 4 "Jack London was startled by a report of a leXexplosion in the neighborhood of Clerken 11 At once alarming accounts were put in I calculation, but nothing that was alleged proved I ZAC so bad as the reality. An attempt was made to blow up a portion of the House of Detention, at Clerkenwell, with a view to come I was the rescue of that Fenian leader who has I Un for the last six weeks under remand from I Bow-street, and who is known as Colonel T Burke The attempt did not succeed in its I object but it spread death and destruction 1 through a populous neighborhood. Four per I Sons have certainly been killed, and some fifty others more or less injured, many of them so I seriously that the worst consequences are and is created. The story is simple and awful. I On the same morning the police authorities I received information that an attempt would that S day be made to effect the rescue of the Fenian prisoners in custody in the House of Detention. I it seemed improbable on the face of it and at first tried" was supposed to be a mistake in the date, and that the attempt was meant to be made on the Saturday, when Burke was brought up for to examination at Bow-street. But a number of of police were held in readiness, and detectives were I placed in the streets surrounding the prison. A One house in the neighborhood, for some time I suspected as a Fenian rendezvous, was particularly watched ; but up till 3 o'clock there was nothing to justify the slightest action. At 20 minutes to 4 a truck passed into Corporation lace, accompanied by three men and a woman. On it was a 36-gallon beer-cask. A cask on a truck is no such a novelty in any part of London, as to justify suspicion, and although it was observed by the detectives, apparently lounging pur noiselessly about, it was not stopped or examined. ' When the men had brought the truck near the north-eastern corner of the wall of the House of Detention they stopped, were seen to look around as though to satisfy themselves of the exact spot behind which lies the exercise yard of the prisoners. Usually the persons under remand from the various police courts are walked in a circle here from 2 till 4 o'clock each day, attended by warders ; but owing to the police warning, the prisoners were exercised in the forenoon, and in another yard. When the men with the truck had satisfied themselves concerning the spot on which the truck stood, the bung of the barrel was quickly taken out, a of use inserted in the hole, and a match applied to the touched. The men then hurried away in different directions. It is stated by some who wore eye-witnesses that it was a woman who at the fuse ; but be this as it may, the squib was ignited, and directly 36 gallons, or nearly 500 lb., of gunpowder, or some other material, exploded, with a force which the wildest words could not exaggerate. It blew down about 40 feet of the north wall of the House of Detention, which is 20 feet in height, and two bricks in length in thickness. It tore down a house on the opposite side of the street, leaving neither stick nor stone standing. It wrecked four houses on one side of this domicile and three on the other, leaving little more than the bare walls standing, and those seamed with many an irreparable breach. All these houses were occupied as thickly as a rabbit warren. The houses in Corporation lane at the time of the explosion were crammed with women and children, the men being chiefly out at work. In a moment the horrid pillar of yellow fire leaped ' up, then the billow of sulphurous smoke rose '. slowly, and the foul deed was consummated. The first shock over, crowds of people rushed to the rescue. Women and children, covered with blood, were dragged out of the ruins, in which for an hour afterwards great fragments continued to drop at intervals as their weight overcame the strength of the mortar which had hold them together. One poor child, named Minnie Thompson, had her face completely destroyed by frug merits of glass forced into the flesh, while other I .' wounds were caused on her body by glass driven through her clothes. A man, taken to St. > Bartholomew's Hospital, was killed almost on Hw spot, the bones of his chest being driven inwards by a mass of brickwork which fell upon ' him. The shrieks of the women, the shrill screams of the children, the means or Utunu '' plunged into a state of painful insensibility, added ' immeasurably to the terrible nature of the scene. The police were promptly on the spot, and found that the detectives had already arrested three of the four persons with the truck, as they hurriedly I rushed away from the scene of their unexampled i' outrage. Soon cabs were found and brought to the end of the street, and the victims of the atrocious crime were placed in them and carried away to the nearest hospitals. At St. Bartholo- I mow's one of the lecturers on anatomy was ad ¡ dressing his class when the report of the explosion boomed through the room. He at once expressed his intention of remaining to aid the injured by what he felt must be a dire calamity, though there could have then been no idea of its extent. Several students volunteered their assistance, and at once the whole working staff of the hospital stood to their posts. Nor did they organise themselves in vain. Before long the wounded began to arrive, and they were all promptly attended to. Soon after 4 o'clock a detachment of the fire brigade was on the spot with an engine ; but there was no fire, although high up in the wall of one of the houses where the third story had been the fire that had been burning in the grate remained alight, and seemed to have suffered no , disturbance from the fearful shock. A few minutes afterwards the alarm spread that at least one person was buried in the rubbish of the house which had suffered most severely. Imme- diately the firemen set to work to clear away the mass of bricks and pulverised lime which lay where a house had been, and they continued their labours until midnight. The court-yard of the prison, thrown open to the street, was within 5 minutes of the perpetration of the outrage, occupied by warders of the prison, each armed with a loaded carbine They stood among brick- bats which the force of the explosion had hurled 40 yards across the court-yard, breaking the windows of the cells, and leaving deep indentations on the walls, where there were marks 30 foot from the ground. Had the prisoners been exercising in this yard at tho time of the foul deed hardly one of them could possibly have escaped with his life. The Fenian miscreants had overdone their hellish work and if they had succeeded as fully as they intended Burke and Casey would have been among the first victims of the murder-for murder it is, and no loss crime. The police speedily placed guards at the ends of the streets. The warders guarding the breach were relieved by a force of the A reserve, under Inspector Bradstock, and was afterwards a detachment of the Guards arrived, and took up a position within the prison, where they remained for the night. After the concussion, and after the smoke had cleared away, a crowd of people rushed through the breach in the wall and surrounded the en ' trances to the prison. The governor, not know rug their object, bade them disperse. They hesitated, upon which he ordered a volley of musketry, with blank cartridge, to be fired, and the crowd which had collected from curiosity, taking to their book, panic stricken, the ground was cleared of the in- truders in less than five minutes. The great body of the prisonors were thrown into an indescribable state of alarm by the explosion and believed the place to be on fire. Terror-stricken, they chanced to be released, and some break- ing the doors of their cells, escaped into the adjoining corridors. Efforts were made by the warders to appease them, but for some time in vain. Casey was heard at the window of his cell calling on people to come to his rescue, and offering them money as an inducement. At the time of the explosion upwards of 40 male pro- j sours and about 80 women were taking exercise under the supervision of officers, in separate grounds at the opposite side of the prison, and they are said to have behaved with much propriety. _ The damage to the prison from the concussion is very great, there being hardly a window that is not broken. The following is an intelligible account of the manner in which the crime was committed. It connects beyond all doubt the two men Desmond and Allan and the woman Justice, now in cus July, with the conspiracy. On Friday afternoon, between 2 and 3 o'clock, John Moore, the chief warder of the House of Detention, had his attention called by a police- constable to the fact of a name, the prisoner Allen, loitering outside the prison and refusing to go away. He was joined by the woman Justice, who had been in the habit of visiting the Fenian prisoner Casey while under remand, and who had taken his dinner into the prison that very day. They appeared to be reconnoitring the prison. The chief warder had seen the prisoner Allen the top of the adjoining houses and had observed that he came down and talked to five or six other men. He went to apprise the governor of the suspicious circumstance, and while he was so engaged the explosion occurred. Auibroso Sutton, a constable in plain clothes of the A reserve division, had been employed to watch the House of De- tention outside since Burke and Casey had been confined there. At 20 minutes to 4 o'clock on Friday he saw the woman Justice and the man Allon near St. James's walk, which is in the immediate neighborhood. The woman had been in the House of Detention at 1 o'clock, and Allen had waited outside. When she came out she joined Allen and conversed with him for some time. Desmond then appeared, and took part in the conversation, which lasted over 20 minutes. Towards its conclusion a third man joined them, and as they parted the man who had arrived last pushed against Constable Sutton by accident, and, having begged his pardon, asked him a trifling question, to which the constable, who had thus an opportunity of observing him, replied that he was a stranger to the neighborhood. With that the third man walked on, and at the close of the conversation the constable saw Desmond go towards St. James's walk. He then watched Desmond, and having seen him go along Corporation \- lane, observed him shortly afterwards drawing a truck with a barrel, which he put on the pavement. The constable had followed him up St. James's walk, where Desmond stopped in the middle for a minute or two, and then went on. The explosion followed, and then he saw. Allen and the woman Justice running away very fast. As she approached he seized her, and another officer secured Allen. While Constable Sutton had the woman in custody he saw Desmond running round the prison wall, and caught him as he was passing with his left hand, which was at that time disengaged, and called on the people passing to help him, which they did, he until thou holding Desmond and Justice each with one hand. It is believed that the little boy Abbott will speak to seeing, about a quarter to 4 o'clock, a large barrel close to the wall of the prison, and a man who had left it there cross the road. Shortly afterwards the man returned with a long squib in each hand. One of these he gave to some boys who were playing in the street, and the other he thrust into the barrel. One of the boys was smoking, and he handed the man a light, which the man applied to the squib. The man stayed a short time until he saw the squib begin to burn, and then ran away. It has been [supposed hitherto that the man who actually fired the train escaped ; but it is now said that a woman who was an eye-witness believes Desmond to be the man. She speaks to the man who applied the fuse wearing a light colored hat at the time, and there is this peculiarity in the matter, that when Desmond was arrested he wore a black hat, but on being searched at the House of Detention a light soft hat was found thrust below his waistcoat. A belief is said to obtain among some military officers who visited the ruins on Dec. 14th that the explosion was caused not by gunpowder, but by nitro- glycerine, or some other explosive substance of a kindred character. Others think that the barrel contained petroleum. The full effect of the diabolical plot, with all its attendant suffering and misery, was hardly realised until Dec. 16th, nor the deep and widespread indignation it has aroused in the public mind. Up to that evening the dead were four in number, three at St. Bartholomew's Hospital Sarah Hodgkinson, aged 35 ; William Clutton, 55 and Minnie Julia Abbott, 8 and at the Royal Free Hospital in Gray's inn-road, Martha Thompson, aged 10 years. The family of the Abbotts, who lived in a house in Corporation lane, immediately opposite the scene of the explosion, appear to have suffered most severely of any. Maria Abbott, 34, the mother of the little child Minnie, now dead, is a patient at St. Bartholomew's, suffering from cuts about the face and eyelids, as are also three of her children John Abbott, 13 ; William, 11 and Anne, 2 ; white a fourth, Arthur, aged 5 years, lies in a dangerous condition at the Royal Free Hospital with a rupture of the right eyeball, and his face terribly burnt and lacerated. The boy William, at St. Bartholomew's, is suffering from concussion, with part of his nose cut off, and his face, neck, and li mds lacerated Again, Hann in Mina Thompson, eight years old, sister of the child of that stirring who has died at the Free Hospital, is a patient there, from lacerated wounds on neck and scalp , Elizabeth, 17, a sister of the two, remains at St Bartholomew's with a severe cut on the forehead, as do Hainot, amounts Hibioi, wren Do in hands badly i.^.,.i.i, and with a severe wound in the head ¡iiulbiuisos of the face and limbs, and Elizabeth f Thompson, 40, thomotlioi,suflumigfiomconcussion AMis Hirt boy has had her left ear nearly severed and has sustained severe wounds on the side of the neck and forehead Sarah Hartley, 4, a member of the same family, with her infant son Alfred and another child of three years, is also among the patients at St Bartholomew's These are only a few of the worst cases taken from a long catalogue of the innocent sufferers who were removed to the two hospitals after the explosion A child of eight men, one of the Thompsons, with not less than 17 wounds, is described as lying at the Free Hospital, with the patience of a little martyr, asking only as her eyes wander over the strange walls or lost upon the unfamiliar faces of the attendants, for her mother, who is one of the victims at St Bartholomew's Her sister, 10 years old (nowdead),has suffered most frightful injuries, there being not a feature of her face distinguishable, except some of the lower part of the mouth, and what was once the face is little better than a chance and be reckoned mass On Dec 14th,thoQuoen,withhoi accustomed humanity, sent a telegram through Sir Thomas Biddulph from Windsor Castle, to the Secretary of the Royal Free Hospital, Gray's um load, expressive of Her Majesty's sympathy with the sufferers, and inquiring as to their condition A similar communication was received by Mr Foster White the treasurer of St Bartholomew's The Chancellor of the Exchequer also despatched his pi iv late secretary Mr Montagu Corry, accompanied by Mr. John Lambert, of the Poor Law Board, to make inquiries on the spot as to the dish ess consequent upon the explosion, with unlimited powers to relieve it at their discs show After visiting the House of Detention, they forthwith put themselves in communication with the local Poor Law authorities, and, with their assistance and local knowledge, at once and ministered such relief as appealed to them to be necessary, Mr Coiiycauyingvuthhim leather bag containing money, and visiting the pool and homeless people in the neighbourhood for the purpose of On Saturday, Dec 14th, the Government issued a notification offering reward of £400 for the discovery and conviction of the offenders THE FENIAN PROCESSIONS. A funeral procession, numbering 12,000 persons, including 4,000 women and boys, assembled on Sunday, December 1st, in Cork. All the trades and boys of charity schools formed a part. Five bands attended, and played the Dead March in Saul. All wore green ribands, rosettes, and crape After traversing the streets they arrived at the Botanic Gardens, and the burial service was gone through. There was no interference and perfect order and sobriety prevailed. Twenty two magistrates met on November 30th, and decided not to prohibit the demonstration, but to have all the public-houses closed during the day. The funeral procession in Dublin on Sunday, December 8th, in honor of Allen, Larkin, and O'Brien, passed off quietly. About 25,000 men, women, and children marched from Beresford place, near the Custom-house, through the principal streets to Glassuovin. All wore crape, with sashes, rosettes, or ribbons of green silk. The hearses, bearing the names of the three men executed in large letters, were followed by a number of mourning coaches. Nine bands were interspersed in the procession. The sympathisers along the route numbered several thousands. Among those present were Mr. Martin, Mr. Sullivan, the editor of the Nation, and Mr. Waters, the editor of the Irish iiMwv. The procession started at twelve o'clock, and arrived at the cemetery at three o'clock. Martin addressed the assemblage in a short, inflammatory speech, and the people quietly dispersed. It rained heavily all day. The Government have proceeded against Martin Dr. Waters, and Mr. Lalor for seditious language on this occasion, and they have been committed for trial, but liberated on bail. The expected blow has fallen upon the Fenian , sympathisers. At a special meeting of the Privy Council held at Dublin Castle, it was resolved to prohibit the holding of any further processions. . Proclamations were subsequently issued, di i rooted specially to the city of Kilkenny and the town of Killarney, where demonstrations were i being publicly organised. There can be little doubt that the example of Dublin would have been imitated in different localities if the impression had been allowed to continue that such processions were perfectly legal. They have been already proposed in Mallow, For may Queenstown, Youghal, Ennis, Clonmel, Killarney, and in Belfast. The Government have not interposed a moment too soon to prevent immediate mischief, for in Belfast, at least, it is probable that a sanguinary collision would ensue if such a challenge were offered to the Orange party. In Killarney arrangements were in progress for a demonstration, which promised to be formidable. The O'Donoghue throw himself into the movement with characteristic energy, and, if afforded an opportunity would be likely to rival Mr. Martin in stirring up the passions of the multitude. On Wednesday, Dec. 11, he drove into the town at the request of a deputation of the young men, to take the chair at a meeting in the Kenmare Arms Hotel for the purpose of arranging the details. Over 100 respectable shopkeepers and mechanics I attended, and outside the hotel there was an immense crowd of persons unable to obtain admission. A programme was drawn up, after the models of Cork and Dublin, and it was resolved that at Aghadoe Roman Catholic Church The O'Donoghue should deliver a funeral oration. Large numbers from Tralee, Kenmare, and other places were expected to attend. As Killarney is in the heart of a Fenian district the character of the demonstration may be easily conjectured. The following is a copy of the proclamation : BY THE LORD LIEUTENANT AND COUNCIL OF IRELAND. A PROCLAMATION. ABERCORN, Whereas it has been publicly announced that a meeting is to assemble in the town of Killarney, and that a procession is to take place there on Sunday, December 15th instant : And whereas placards of the said intended meeting and procession have been printed and circulated, stating that the said intended procession is to take place in honour of certain men lately executed at Manchester for the crime of murder, and calling upon Irishmen to assemble in thousands for the said procession : And whereas meetings and processions of large numbers of persons have been already held and have taken place in different parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland under the uke presence, at some of which, and particularly at a meeting and procession in the city of Dublin, language of a seditious and inflamma- tory character has been used calculated to excite discontent and disaffection in the minds of Her Majesty's subjects and to create ill-will and animosity among them, and to bring into hatred and contempt the Government and constitution of the country, as by law established : And whereas the said intended meeting and procession and the objects of the persons to be assembled and take part therein are not legal or constitutional, but calcu- acted to bring into hatred and contempt the Government of the United Kingdom as by law established, and to impede the administration of justice by intimidation and the demonstration of physical force : Now, we, the Lord-Lieutenant and General Governor of Ireland, by and with the advice of Her Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland, being satisfied that such meetings and processions as aforesaid can only tend to serve the ends of factious, seditious, nail traitorous persons and to the violation of the public peace, do hereby caution and forward all persons whomsoever that they do abstain from assembling at any such meeting, and from joining or taking part in such procession. And we do hereby order and enjoin all magistrates and officers intrusted with the preservation of the public peace, and others whom it may concern, to aid and assist the execution of law, in preventing the said intended meeting and procession, and in the effectual suppression of the same. Given at the CouucilClmmbci in Dublin, this 12th day of December, 1867. RICHARD C. DUBLIN, It. KEATINGE, A. BREWSTER, O., WILLIAM KEOGH, MAYO, JOHN E. WALSH, STRATHNAIRN, HEDGES E. CHATTERTON, FRED. SHAW, RODEHT R, WARREN. The Gazette of Dec. 13th contained proves ma- tions prohibiting the processions at Kilkenny, Quooiistown, Clonmel, and Mallow, and they were all abandoned. The following is from a letter, dated Dublin, Dec. 14th The prohibition of any further demonstrations of Fenian sympathy has been received with satisfaction by all the loyal classes. Consider- able disappointment is felt by the promoters of other mock funeral undertakings which were intended to be celebrated in various places to-morrow, and some of the journals profess to be greatly surprised at what the Freeman bitterly calls the " cataleptic activity" of the Government ; but there is nothing to indicate any popular excitement or the least disposition to resist the interference of the authorities. Complete arrangements have been made to enforce strict compliance with the proclamations. Special trains will be in readiness to-morrow at different points on the southern lines for the conveyance of troops to sustain the civil power, if necessary, in the event of any disturbance ; but it is unlikely that their services will be required. Had the Government not interfered, processions would have been held all over the country. A list of no fewer than fourteen places is published in which they were announced to come off to-morrow. The most imposing was that arranged under the """,,;-'" A (DU. om".."au..o ~t ic;uT.-,.oj-, a con. placards had been issued bearing his signature, giving the details of the programme. It is credit- able to him, however, that the moment the proclamation of the Government arrived he counselled obedience, and the projected display was abandoned. The same prudent course was adopted in other places, and it is anticipated that in no instance will the people be so ill- advised as to offer any resistance to the authorities. Two other forms of expressing sympathy have now been recommended. They present to the popular mind the combined graces of charity and religion. The first is the creation of a fund by penny contributions for the support of the families of those who have perished in the cause. The other is the erection of crosses in Roman Catholic graveyards to perpetuate the memory of the martyrs. They are to bear the following inscription : t ERECTED BY THE INHABITANTS OF - IN LOVING MEMORY OF THE, BUSH TATIIIOTS, WILLIAM P. ALLEN, MICHAEL. O'BRIEN, MICHAEL LARKIN, EXECUTED) AT MANCHESTER, AND BURIED IN THE YARD OF THE NEW BAILEY PRISON, SALPOUD, NOVEMBER 23RD, 1867. IlEQUtESOANT IN PACE. " GOD SAVE IRELAND." This form of demonstration is strongly advocated by the Nation, on the ground that such memorials will be out of the reach of British law or proclamation, and they will also be por mations. Whether the Roman Catholic clergy will sanction such an abuse of the Christian emblem is another question which the proposers do not appear to have at all considered. HISTORY OF FENIANISM. (From The Times, Doo. 24th.) Before us lies a pamphlet, the contents of which at this time will be found of some interest. It was published with considerable reserve at Philadelphia, and was not easily procurable even in the United States, It is a manifesto of Fenianism at a time when the organization was considered to be in its most hopeful condition, and it introduces us with as much accuracy as was to be expected to the history of the conspiracy in 1863 and 1864, and its prospects at the beginning of the year 1865. We may as well remind the reader that Fonianism, though its most active agents appear in the character of disbanded soldiers from the American armies, is of an origin earlier than the Civil War in the United States. Mr. James Stephens, who assumes, and is allowed, the credit of setting the whole movement on foot, began the work in the year 1858, three years before the Southern States proclaimed their secession from the Union. He had been engaged in the rebellion of 1848 with Smith O'Brien, had escaped to the Continent, had improved his education in the foreign school of revolution, and then turned his acquire- ments to account in hatching a new rebellion of his own. The characteristic of this conspiracy consisted in its American domicile. Instead of organising an insurrection in Ireland, Mr. Stephens conceived the idea of establishing it among the Irish population of the United States. This was quite a novelty, and it would be no just to the inventor to deny the merits of the conception. It is from Fenianism in America that Fenianism in the British Islands has derived such vitality and power as it may be thought to have displayed. ( Although, however, Fenians were not called into existence by the military experience of the Civil War, it is certain that until the second your of that war the organization had assumed no consistence. Such form as it took was of a military character. The Americans, long before the war, were much given to soldiering, and a certain number of American Irish did a little soldiering on their own account under the denomination of Fenians. When hostilities actually commenced, the Fenians engaged freely in the strife, sometimes taking service by companies together, and losing as they tell us, a great many of their members in battle. Such, in fact, was the mortality among them that it was considered in the Federal army " unlucky to be a Fenian ;" but up to the your 1868 Mr. James Stephens had done little more than supply the American Government with willing re cruits. Very few persons, even in the United States, except the Fenians themselves, knew anything about Fonianism in Ireland, as we shall presently explain, there was no organiza- tion at all. In the month, however, of November, 1863, a singular resolution was adopted. The " Fenian Brotherhood," as the conspirators then styled themselves, determined upon giving their body a civil constitution and shape. Mr. John O'Mahony, if we are to take his own word for the fact, was the originator of this new idea, which consisted briefly in establishing a Fouiau Republic within the Republic of the United States ou of these institutions being the exact counterpart of the other. The disadvantages, says the Head Centre, of the early military organization of the Brotherhood " were such as to force upon me the conviction that the organization should be reconstituted after the model of the free institutions of this country." Accordingly, the officers of a regular Republic were elected, and a " Congress" met at Chicago in November, 1863. The proceedings at this curious meeting show distinctly what Fenianism at that moment actually was, and what it was intended to become. It was so little understood even in the United States that a declaration of its nature and objects for the information of the American public was the first thing resolved upon, and the Fenians, thus in Congress assembled, professed themselves to be " for the most part citizens of the United States of America of Irish birth or descent," though they proclaimed their readiness to welcome the co-operation of " other dwellers on the American continent." The object of the association was the national freedom of Ireland, or, as it was more precisely defined, the "resurrection of Ireland to independent nation- hood." It is obvious, also, that the Fenians of that day wore half afraid of being called to account by the American Government for breaches of international law, and greatly dis- couraged by the hostility of the Roman Catholic priesthood. So to meet these difficulties, they first passed a resolution of dutiful obedience to the laws of the Union qualified, however, by a second resolution to the effect that under the laws they were fully entitled to do what they chose, and then attempted to disarm the opposition of the clergy by declaring that they were not a " secret, oath-bound, or illegal" society. It is remarkable that nothing, even now, was said about any Fenian organization in Ireland, the whole movement being distinctly identified with the Irish population of America, who, it was said, held at that time " a more powerful position among the peoples of the earth, in point of numbers, political privileges, social influence, and military strength, than was over held before by the exiled portion of any nation in the world. Two years later a second " national Congress was held at Cincinnati. This assembly met on the 17th of January, 1865, and the alteration in its tone is remarkable. The conspirators, though still suspicious of the priests, no longer appear to dread interruption from the Government. On the contrary, they anticipate immediate war between Great Britain and America, and reckon confidently on the facilities which would thus be given for their designs. For the first time, too, they include Ireland itself, and not only Ireland, but England and its dependencies, in the sphere of their operations. Their " constitution" was amended so as to extend the establishment of the Brotherhood beyond the United States to the provinces of the British Empire wherever situated." Yet even at this time-that is, at the beginning of the year before last there was no regular Fenian organization in Ireland. " This American institution, called the Fenian Brotherhood, does not exist in Ireland as an organized body." Those are the words of the President addressed to the Congress, and from them we may learn that Fonianism, when we in this country first began to hear of it, was but just beginning to assume a substantive form in Ireland itself. Up to that time it was a purely American creation-a movement set on foot and maintained by Irishmen in the United States. Shortly afterwards came the actual termination of the Civil War, and then the military element of the rebellion appeared in Ireland, and Irish Fenianism acquired tin active vitality. It had been determined at Cincinnati that what Ireland needed was " pre- organization," and that, accordingly, it should be forthwith " pro-organized." This explains the title of " organizers " assumed by Fenian emissaries, and other notions borrowed from America were introduced at the same time. The United States, it was assumed, would gladly recognize the Fenian insurgents as " bolligor cuts," and proclaim their own " neutrality ;" and, therefore, the Fenian organizers quietly spoke of the " Irish Republic as virtually estab- lished" at a time when the chief conspirators confess that no Fenian organization in Ireland existed at all. Mr. Stephens and his friends, however, proceeded to " organize" with great zeal. and, according to their own belief, with a I great SUCCESs. Xlle numma at noon warfare have been recently told the time when Fonianism in Ireland was strongest, but we now wish to in a dicate to the public certain facts which have hardly received proper appreciation. In January, I 1886, the real, substantive organization of Fenianism in Ireland had not commenced, and yet on the 15th of September in that year the first blow was struck at the plot by the arrest of the chief conspirators, including Mr. Stephens himself, in Dublin. There was, therefore, very little delay or inactivity to be charged against the Government. It will be seen, too, that the ignominious collapse of that conspiracy is easily accounted for. Fonianism was not a plant of seven years' growth in Ireland, though it was in America. In Ireland very little was accomplished except in the distempered visions of Mr. James Stephens. His paper armies made no show in the field, and were scattered as easily as the " circle" over which he presided. Whatever substance there was in the conspiracy was imported from abroad. DESTRUCTION OF HER MAJESTY'S I THEATRE. (From the Home News On the night of Friday, 6th December, one of the handsomest certainly, if not the finest theatre in London went the way of all theatres, and was burnt to the ground in less than two hours, The fire while it raged was one of the fiercest ever known in London, and though the main building, the beautiful theatre, quickly burnt itself out and crumbled away in a towering pyramid of flame, yet its surroundings continued to blaze, as house after house in the colonnade caught fire and were burned from roof to basement. Those buildings facing the Haymarket and Pall-mall also suffered most severely, the houses on the Haymarket side being almost completely destroyed. The fire was first observed at about a quarter to eleven o'clock, and shortly after the first alarm all the neighborhood know it far and near, for the theatre was one gigantic mass of flame in a few minutes. Anything like attempts to save property-that is to say, the proportion, in the theatre was out of the question, for the interior glowed like a furnace, and the flames, darting through the slight roof, created a draught which instantly made all hope of saving either the building or anything in it totally impossible. The fire caused its own alarm, and large drafts of metropolitan police from Scot- land-yard wore instantly detached under the command of Mr. Superintendent Walker and Mr. Kottel. They, however, could do little more than keep the enormous crowds that at once collected out of danger. Detachments of the Foot Guards, both from the Wellington barracks and the barracks at the back of the National Gallery, came up almost simultaneously with the police. At least half of the troops were in full marching uniform, the rest in undress flannel jackets, just as they had been turned out of bed. With the assistance of this force, the streets leading to the theatres were kept clear, and the fire mains all round Regent-street, Haymarket, and Pall-mall turned fully on. The supply of water Boomed ample, and fire-engine after fire engine as they came rapidly up were, under the directions of Captain Shaw, at once got into the best positions for checking the spread of the Homes for all hope of extinguishing them at their source was hopeless. The glare at this time was soon all over the metropolis, and tons of thousands flocked from all points towards the great centre of the disaster, while cabs, carriages, and over waggons blocked the thoroughfares which led to it. In a short time the steam fire-engines were in full work, and as fast as the now, it is to be hoped, obsolete hand engines arrived, they, too, were set to work. The steam-engines throw volumes of water, with tremendous force, and where their jobs for they seemed to explode in clouds of steam. Not so with the hand engines, which required some thirty soldiers to work them, and the feeble dribble from which was easily directed and governed by one man. The exertions of the firemen were beyond all praise. They climbed along parapets and copings, at heights which made one cold to look at them, dragging with them great lengths of leathern hose with which to play upon the flames at any point that seemed of consequence, no matter ' what the visit to the men themselves. In spite i of flame and smoke, and a terrific storm of burning fragments, they kept their places on the roof, their comrades below turning now and then jets of water upon and around the men, to keep the spots cool on which they stood. The scene was one of terrible grandeur. The roof of the theatre foil amid a shower of sparks and burning fragments, leaving a gigantic mass of white flame in the centre, the very best of which alone was shaking up and burning building after building around it. All the steam fire-engines were at full work, and the. monotonous third of those worked by hand were the only sounds which broke upon the hoarse roaring of the crowd and the heavy flap of the great sheets of flame which seemed to jeopardise the existence of every building near the place. Over the front of the clubs in Pall-mall the burning fragments fell thick as hail ; indeed, it was impossible at times to pass along this thoroughfare without danger of being severely burnt. The chiefs of the police and the firemen working among these; the shouts and cries of the men on the roof of the building itself and colonnade giving directions, amid the glaring uproar beneath, where to place the engines ; the efforts of the soldiers to keep the great moving mass of people back, all made up a scene as exciting and as grand in its terrors as the great fire some years ago at Cotton's Wharf. The theatre was the main source of the whole fire. As is always, the case with theatres, it burnt like a tar barrel, but, as usual, left a mass of flame and heat which worked quickly and surely through into the surrounding buildings. House after house around it was gutted, in spite of all the efforts of the firemen. The flames, however, were well within control, and the engines were principally used to keep the walls of the main building cool for in many places they were bulging ominously. Still, from this work they had every now and then to be diverted, as fresh flames appeared in the houses around. It has always been said that Her Majesty's Theatre was so provided with large water tanks on the roof, that anything like danger to the building from fire was impossible. What these tanks were doing it is impossible to say ; but one, at least, when the flames reached it, burnt with a fierce flame like so much straw. That there could have been any water in it is impossible. Of the theatre itself-one of the finest in the world nothing remains but the bare, roofless walls, and immense masses of charred materials in indescribable confusion, covering the whole space on which the building stood. All the costly properties, all the wardrobes of the establishment have perished, as have also the instruments of the orchestra, the grand pianos, and a musical library of incalculable value, which had taken years to collect. Madame Titions alone has lost jewellery ' worth from £1,000 to £1,200, in addition to all her magnificent stage dresses. The grand organ, which cost nearly £800, and all the stage scenery and decorations, painted for the most part by Telbin, Grieve, and Calcott, have been destroyed and the whole fabric, with all its surroundings, is in ruins. By an odd circumstance, the only thing which has survived the general wreck is the dress in which the ghost in " Don Giovanni" was wont to be played. The actual and prospective loss to Mr. Mapleson, the lessee, is estimated at £12,000 and the disaster, as it affects him, is greatly aggravated by the fact of his not having been insured to the amount of a single shilling. He was about to effect an insurance, but it had not been completed. The large duty chargeable on theatrical properties is understood to have previously deterred him. In the course of Saturday, December 7th, Her Majesty, through the Lord Chamberlain, sent a message to him, expressive of her sympathy and regret and a telegram from Sandringham, in similar terms, accompanied by an expression of hope that no lives had been lost on the occasion, was received from His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales. The Earl of Dudley held the lease of the theatre, about twenty-six years of which are still to run, and it was sublet to Mr. Mapleson for twenty-one years, seven of which are expired, at a rent of £8,000 a year, payable in advance. It was built in 1700 on the site of the previous house, erected under the direction of Sir John Van Brugh in 1705, which was destroyed by fire on the night of June 17th, 1789. The first stone was laid by the then Earl of Buckinghamshire, and the house was opened on March 26th, 170, but for music and dancing only a licence for theatrical performances having been refused by the authorities of that time. On the destruction of the Pantheon, however, by fire in the following year its licence was transferred to the opera in the Haymarket. The architect wife Michael Novosiolski, and it was originally called the King's Theatre, but upon the accession of Queen. Victoria Hassumeiltliniiamo by which. it- lios"ovor""Sîiico been known. It was the largest in England, except the now Italian Opera, its internal dimensions being SAid to be within a few foot of those of La Scala, Milan. From the curtain to the back of the boxes it was upwards of 100ft. long and 50ft. high ; the width at the curtain was 40ft., and that of the pit 65ft. The stage measured 60ft. from the orchestra to the back wall, and 30ft. between the side walls. The building was of brick, covered with " Roman cement, the entablature being of Bath stone, and the surrounding columns of cast-iron coloured to represent stone, and 17ft. in height. The cast, or principal, front was 280ft. in length, and 33ft. high. In 1709 the interior of the building was partly remodelled by Marina, scene painter of Drury-lane. EXPLOSION OF NITRO-GLYCERINE AT NEWCASTLE. The town of Newcastle was thrown into a state of the wildest excitement on the afternoon of December 17th, arising from a terrific explosion which occurred on the Town-moor. Inspector Amos and Sub-Inspector Wallace, of the Newcastle police, on Monday, December, 16th, received information that a quantity of nitro-glycerine was stored in a collar in the White Swan yard, in the Cloth- market, immediately behind the Branch Bank of England, and that it belonged to an auctioneer named Spark. They examined the place and found that itwasoontained in nine square canisters, and in baskets packed in straw ; they immediately sought the owner of it, in order to have it removed to a place of safety. They found him at his place of business, and represented the matter to him. He said that he would have it sent back to the person who consigned it to him, and, in company with the officers, he tried the railway company, but they refused to carry it. An application was then made to Mr. Nesham, who has a gunpowder store, to have it put into a magazine, but he also refused to take it. The case was then represented to the magistrates, who, upon consultation, gave instructions to have it destroyed. The Sheriff of Newcastle (Mr. John Mawson) is a well-known practical chemist, and the police applied to him as to the best method of dealing with this deadly liquid so, after consulting with other chemists, advised that it should be buried in some of the troops of crevices of some old pit workings in the neighbourhood ; but, while those discussions had been going on, from some unexplained reason, the nitro-glycerine had been removed from the White Swan yard to Spark's office in the Town-hall, just over the council chamber. This being discovered a policeman was immediately set to watch it, and between 2 and 3 in the afternoon a cart was brought and the canisters were put into it and taken to the Town-moor. The sheriff and Mr. Bryson, the town surveyor, with Sub- Inspector Wallace and a policeman named Donald Bain, accompanied the cart to the Town-moor. They found" a cro vice or creep near to the Cholera Hospital, into which the liquid from the able canisters was poured; but after this was completed it was found that a quantity of crystallised matter was adhering to the bottoms of three of the canisters. The sheriff then instructed Wallace to put some earth over the liquid that had been poured into the crevice, and or dead the other men to bury the three crystal used canisters in the earth at some distance off. While Wiilluco was shovelling the earth into the service he was startled by a frightful explosion in the direction where the three men had gone, and, running to the scene, he found that a sad catastrophe had occurred. The three canisters had exploded. Donald Bain, the policeman was nearly blown to pieces, and dead ; Shotton and Appleby, two carters, were also killed Mr Bryson was dreadfully mangled about the face, and apparently dying, and the sheriff was shockingly hurt. A boy named Samuel Wiulloy was lying in a hole dreadfully injured. Mawson, Bryson, and Wadley were taken with all despatch to the infirmary, and the bodies of the other three were removed to the Cholera Hos- pital. It appears on further investigation that the canisters when taken into town were seized by the police under the impression that they contained whisky. They were conveyed to the Black Bull Inn for "safety." This was the ' story of one ostler ; the other ostlers of the White Swan supplies the rest of the narrative. This person deposed that in the latter part of May last Mr. Burrell, who is now in India, brought the canisters from the Black Bull Inn, and asked to be allowed to put them into a cellar. Having assured the man that it was only dirty grease, and that there was no harm in it, his request was acceded to, but without the knowledge of the landlord. The reader will notice the perfect facility with which an amount of explosive material sufficient to destroy half Newcastle was brought into the very centre of the town There now seems reason to believe that the three canisters had actually been buried when the explosion took place, the earth having been violently torn up as if by some subterranean force. If this conjecture be well founded the accident was probably occasioned by blows from the spaces of the poor fellows who were instantaneously killed. The number of killed has been raised to seven, Mr. Mawson, the Sheriff of Newcastle, and Mr. Bryson, the Town Surveyor, having died from the effects of the injuries they received on the dreadful occasion. An inquest was held on Dec, 19th, on the body of Mr. Mawson, and a verdict returned of " Accidental death," coupled with an expression of opinion that the law in reference to the storage of nitro-glycerine had been grossly violated. The coroner was of opinion that the conduct of the person at Wigan who owned the dangerous compound had been very reprehensible. THE BLOWING- UP OF A WAR STEAMER AT LIVERPOOL. A most disastrous explosion took place in the Sloyno about twenty minutes past six o'clock on Nov. 29th. It appears that the Greek war steamer Babul ina, formerly the famous Confederate blockade-runner Colonel Lamb, was at anchor opposite New Ferry, on the Cheshire side of the Mersey, preparatory to leaving for Greece. Captain Sartorius, the officer in command, gave orders that steam should be got up at six o'clock, as it was his intention to sail from the Mersey a few hours later. The furnaces were accordingly lighted, and steam rapidly got up, when, about half-past six, a terrific explosion took place amidships, and was followed by two others. The vessel was snapped asunder, the stern part being forced about 200 feet from the forward bulkheads and water- tight compartments, where the magazine was situated. About 60 foot of the fore part of the vessel were kept afloat, and at high water there were only the foremast and four or five feet of the fore funnel above water. A large number of the crew were below at the time, and it is feared a great many of them have perished, including two of the engineers. One of the Rock Ferry steamers, the Ant, Captain Kay, was at the pier at the time with steam up. Mr. Kay was for a few minutes in doubt what to do, but immediately after the third report he heard loud shrieks from the middle of the river and at once slipped his hawser and proceeded in the direction from whence the cries were coming. Steaming into the centre of the river, and when about a quarter of a mile astern of the Great Eastern, he came upon the forepart of the steamer Bubulina, which he at first took to be the Amphitrite, another Greek warship, and also like the Bubulina, a once well-known blockade-runner, called the Penguin. A man, who stood on the forecastle, cried to Kay to keep clear of the bows, as the magazine was there, and he feared that it might explode. The Ant, therefore, sheered off a little, and one of the steamer's beats succeeded in pick- ing up between 25 to 30 seamen and from, the majority of them being Greek and nearly all naked or badly clothed. The after portion of the vessel was then afloat, but on the now of the tide it sank about 300 foot from the other portion. Having done all in the power to save life, Captain Kay proceeded to Liverpool and landed the unfortunate survivors of the disaster. Great services were also rendered by the boats from her Majesty's ship Donegal, which was riding at anchor close to the Greek ship. One boat picked up several of the Bubulina's crew. Some of them were badly wounded. Mr. O'Hara, the fourth engineer, was rescued by the Ant's boat, but the the fate of Mr. Sharp, the second engineer, and the third engineer, is at present unknown, and it is feared that they were in the engine-room at the time of the bursting of the boiler, and failed to reach the deck in time to be rescued. Mr. Elliott, the chief engineer, and Captain Sartorius had a narrow escape from drowning. All the principal officers have been saved. They were in the stem cabin at the time of the explosion, but they managed to reach the saloon dock, where they remained until taken off by the boats sent to their assistance. On making inquiries on board the Amphitrite, where Captain Sartorius and his officers were quartered, it was stated that at the time the explosion took place there were about 72 souls on board, including the comman- us, officers, sailors, engineers, firemen, and stokers. Of the 72, Mr. Aristides Gialoussy (the only gentleman on board who spoke English) stares that there wools seamen at 23 firemen missing. A number of the firemen, and all the engineers, were English Mr. Elliott, the chief being one of the most experienced marine engineers sailing out of the port. The unfortunate steamer was originally known as the Ariel, and then as the Colonel Lamb, her original destination being blockade running to the Southern ports of America during the war. She was built of steel in 1864 by Messrs. Jones, Quiggin, and Co., for Messrs. Fraser, Trenholm, and Co., of Liverpool and Charleston, for cost being about £50,000, no expense being spared to make her one of the fleetest and strongest steamers afloat. Her tonnage was 089, the full register being 1132. She was 270ft. long, 35ft. broad, and 15ft. deep. Her engines were made by Messrs. James Jack and Son, of Liverpool, and wore 350 horse-power, and designed on the most recent and approved principles. She made but one voyage to and from America, when her speed frequently averaged 162 knots. After the termination of the war the Bubuhna was laid up in dock for a long period, but she was recently sold to the Greek government, and was put in thorough repair at an expense of upwards of £5,000. The Bubulina had on board about 350 tons of Powell's Duffryn steam coal, a large quantity of provisions, and a quantity of Whit- worth guns, gunpowder, and other warlike material Great differences exist as to the causes of the explosion, but the general opinion of experienced surveyors inclines to spontaneous com- bustion 2 in the coals as the real cause of the disaster The South Welsh steam coals are peculiarly liable to the rapid generation of gases, and the large quantity on board the Bubulina had been confined in the bunkers for a considerable period, quite long enough to generate an immense and dangerous quantity of very ex- plosive gas, The opinion that the coal was the cause of the explosion was so strong in the mind of Mr. Elliott, the chief engineer, that when he came to his senses he at once despatched a message to the captain of the Bubuliua's sister vessel, the Amphitrite, to open his coal bunkers at once. On Thursday, December 12th, the Liverpool borough coroner opened an inquest on the body of a Greek seaman, named Fraggais, one of the crew of the steamer, who died the day before in the Northern Hospital. The depositions of several of the injured men had been taken, and were read, Thomas Fallon, a fireman, said that he was in the fore stokehold when the. explosion took place. He heard a loud report, like that of a cannon, and at the same moment a grating fell upon him and he was severely scalded. Almost immediately the ship, except the bows, was under water. The explosion took place aft. T. Hamilton, a coal trimmer, saw a glare of light from the engines to the after stokehole, and instantly felt a, violent blow on his arm and side, and found himself in the water. He did not think the boilers exploded; the first shock he received was of hot and dry air. The deposition of John Elliott, chief engineer, stated that he had known the Bubulina for three years. She was built of steel, and was one of the best constructed ships of her class. Her boilers and engines were in perfect order when she entered the river. There were on board 500 tons of coal and 3 tons of gunpowder, the latter in two magazines, Time and aft. A few minutes before six o'clock the second engineer told witness that there was a 3lb pressure on the after boilers, and none on the fore boilers. The explosion took place in the after bunkers, and was caused, in his opinion, by the gas generated there, The jury found that death was caused by an explosion but how produced there was no evidence to show. THE VICTORIAN CRISIS. (From The Times, Dec. 17th.) The history of the colony of Victoria for the last few years is eminently interesting and instructive, in that remote region and comparatively narrow arena has been fought out a whole head of constitutional battles ; nor is the strife yet at an end. No one can say whether it will terminate in a pacification, the internal revolu- tion, or a reference of the whole matter to the decision of the home authorities, The beginning of the mischief in this case was our old friend the exploded doctrine of protection, which, after having been banished from the soil of England, seems to have found a congenial soil and climate in these democratic communities which she has created. The Lower House of the colony of Victoria, being elected by universal suffrage, was naturally seized with a strong desire for protection to native industry ; the Upper House, elected under a high franchise, was just as naturally strongly disposed for free trade. In order to force the hand of the Upper Chamber, the Assembly tacked a bill containing their new tariff' to the ordinary Appropriation Bill, which Appropriation Bill, thus encumbered, the Legislative Council refused to pass. The Governor, Sir Charles Darling, and his Ministry do vised a scheme for appropriating public _ money without the consent of the Council. This misconduct most justly drew down on Sir Charles Darling censure, and, together with some other indiscretion, recall from his Government. But though censured by the home authorities, Sir Charles Darling was regarded as a martyr by the party in the colony whose interests he had served well, if not wisely, and they proposed to the Home Government to make a grant to Sir C. Darling of £20,000 by way of compensation for his losses. The vote cold not be proposed without the consent of the Queen, and that consent the Queen was advised by Mr. Cardwell to withhold, because it is contrary to a rule of the public service for any colonial Governor to receive any grant of money from the colony whose affairs he has administered. Here the matter would in all probability have rested, had not the change of Government placed the seals of the colonies in other hands. Sir Charles Darling retired from the colonial service, and thus evaded the letter, though not the spirit, of the regulation of the Home Government. The present Governor of the colony, Sir Henry Manners Sutton, proposed to the Chambers of Victoria a grant of £20,000 to Lady Darling. This vote, as may easily be supposed, the Assembly passed with the utmost alacrity, and sent it up to the Legislative Council as a part of the Appropriation Bill. The Council threw out the bill twice, and a dissolution of the Assembly is to take place in order to test the opinion of the colony on the subject. Any one who wishes for further details on this matter will find them in the letter of our Melbourne correspondent, who, though writing with a strong feeling in favour of the Assembly, furnishes all the materials which are required for an impartial judgment. It is needless to en- cumber our statement with minute details. We have stated enough to enable us to appreciate the conduct of all the actors in this singular drama. There is no occasion to say anything more as to the original cause of dispute. We do not require in this country to have it proved to us that free trade is right and protection wrong. The House of Commons approved the dismissal of Sir Charles Darling, and no one was found to defend him from the just and severe censure which he had incurred for lending himself to the violation of the spirit and, we believe, the letter of the law which he was bound to maintain and obey. The subsequent correspondence, which fills a moderate-sized blue- book, reflects little credit on him, and is a signal proof of weakness on the part of the Colonial Office in allowing public time to be frittered away by complaints so frivolous and requests so unreasonable and so often repeated. It reflects no credit on the Assembly of Victoria that they a dependency of the British Crown, when a deliberate judgment of the Home Government and of the House of Commons, supported with rare unanimity by the press and by public opinion, has been given against them, should seek to fly in the face of that authority which, as a dependency of the British Crown, and as a community pro-' tossing at least to be governed by law and not by popular impulse, they are bound to respect, and seek to reward a public servant for the very conduct for which his official superiors had severely censured him. It requires no very refined reasoning to prove that such a course strikes at the very root of the relation between the mother country and the colonies. The rule by which that relation is regulated is law ; the executive agency by which it is kept up in the Governor, who is bound to guide himself, by law, and to stand impartial between contending parties in a colony. If the Assembly is allowed to abuse its power over the public purse, to give the Governor an indemnity or a reward for services rendered to the party dominant in the Assembly, it is quite clear that he cannot escape suspicion. The relations between the colony and the parent state are poisoned at the fountain head, and a long step has been taken towards their disruption. Mr. Cardwell was therefore quite right in refusing the assent of the Crown to a vote of money to Sir Charles Darling, or, what is the same thing, to his wife. It cannot be wondered at that tlioÁWmhlyn1innl'i^~»«''~» ." an" evil course to" which they have committed themselves, nor, perhaps, that the Council, who have obtained a victory on a former occasion, should adhere - toimr¡iously__to the ground they have taken up. They see plainly, no doubt, that if the plan of tacking obnoxious votes to the Appropriation Act is to become established, their power of resisting any expenditure, however old noxious, is gone, and that the same process by which one of their constitutional rights has been wrested from them may be applied in succession to the rest. They also feel that this vote is meant to humiliate and lower them in the eyes, of the public and that it is proposed to them by their opponents in a tone of cynical insult and defiance. They are plainly told that the real question is not of the £20,000 more immediately in question, but of the existence of the Legislative Council that revolution is intended, and that the Assembly considers the assent of the Council to a money bill as a mere form, and claims to apply the money of the public without their consent when it is withhold. All this is, it must in all fairness and candour be allowed, sufficiently irritating, but yet there are considerations on the other side of still greater weight. The Council has not to contend with the Assembly alone. The vote is not only passed by the Lower House it is recommended by the Crown, and we fail to see what good purpose can be answered by any further attempt of the Council to resist this ominous combination. We claim the more weight for our opinion because we have. throughout supported the views of the Council as against the Assembly. The time has come when it would, be alike wise and graceful to yield, and to leave the responsibility where it justly falls-that is,t¡q be divided between the Assembly and the Home Government. It remains to consider that which most concerns us in England. We can look with temper and coolness on these colonial squabbles. Such, things are, perhaps, almost necessary incidents, in, the history of infant states. We cannot always, count on being represented by prudent and. judicious governors, or expect that two free comes munitions separated by the diameter of the earth should work without, a certain degree of divergence. But what shall we say of the conduct of our own Colonial Minister ? Mr. Card well distinctly refused permission to propose this grant to Sir Charles Darling to the Assembly of Victoria. Sir Henry Manners-Sutton, the present governor, has proposed it. He could not have done so had not the prohibition of Mr. Cardwell been recalled. It was not recalled] by Lord Carnarvon, and it must therefore, have been recalled by the Duke of Buoys ingham, his successor. We can hardly im- aging as more fatal step. The rule is clear and express that no governor shall receive any gift or reward from the colony. The reason (is. that. the.. ..!-;_ IT.!._ -i Is of the rule is equally plain-the necessity of; preserving the men who are to act as mediators between the home Government and the colony, and between one colonial party and another;, from even the spirit of corruption. The rule in its spirit applies just as much to a governor who has resigned the service as to one who is in it. The object is that when he acts he should be free from hope or four. The protection of that rule against the encroachments of the colonists is intrusted to the special care and vigilance of the Secretary of State, and the way he, protects it is that when a governor has been censured and recalled for a course of conduct which no party in this country pretends to justify he proposes to the colonists to reward the governor for the very conduct which the' Home Government has censured, and that in violation of a rule of his own office, based on the plainest grounds of public policy. So much for the principle ; now look at the result. The quarrel was at an end. It has been opened anew by the agency of the Colonial Office. Without the consent of the Minister the question could not again have been raised, and that consent has been given. The quarrel has extended beyond its original limits, and what was a question, about an ill-advised grant is now a question of the extinction, not by law, but by violence, of one branch of the colonial legislature. The colonists, who are about to give a splendid testimony of loyalty by their reception of the Duke of Edinburgh, are ready to contradict that testimony by trampling under foot the organic law which unites them to the British Crown. 