DHE OPENING SEASON AT THE THEATRE ROYAL. Adelaide has attained the highest stage of civilization, for she has succeeded in domes ticating the Muses as they ought to be domesticated. She has siren them a tenrole in which the art of the builder is an incite ment to the art of the dramatist. Their devotees may now worship in comfort, and no histrionic illusion need be destroyed by the incongruity of its surroundings. A shop in Hindley-street, where not many months ago ribbons were being measured out and slops fitted on, has been transformed into one of the most elegant theatres in the Australian Colonies. The artistic taste of the community has received a stimulus which may gradually infuse a more catholic feeling into our public amusements. Those who retain the dramatic sympathies which were so eagerly cultivated in the mother country may now gratify them without personal sacrifice or inconvenience. There i3 no longer a gulf of separation in the shape of dark, dirty, and not very reputable streets between the stage and the public. A few steps from the principal thoroughfare of the city carry us into a building where the most fashionable audience in the world need not be ashamed to sit nor the most celebrated actor to play. A social want which had been felt and lamented for years has, through the intelligent enterprise of three private citizens, been satisfactorily supplied within a few months. All who cherish a patriotic and unpre judiced interest in the progress of the drama have naturally expected much from this reform. It was confidently predicted that cne attendance at tne incatre would im prove in proportion, and that the lessees would thereby be enabled to bring a higher class of actors. Old frequenters were to come more frequently than ever, and the respecta bility which used to pay angels' visits to the dress circle was henceforth to be regular in its patronage. At the opening of the season four specific advantages were held in prospect — First, better accommodation for theatregoers ; second, increased support to the local drama ; third, a higher style and greater variety of acting ; fourth, an im provement in the moral tone of the stage, and more general appreciation by the public. At the close of the season it is expedient that these four questions should be carefully put and answered. Regarding the first there can be no dispute. The architectural and acousticproperties of the Theatre have almost defied fault- finding. No complaint has ever been made of bad seats, of defective view, or of imperfect hearing. The means of entrance may be open to criticism, but that is a subordinate matter which can only be regulated by experience. We understand that the proprietors intend making various alterations to avoid crowding in the lobbies. A separate entrance will also, if possible, be provided for the stalls, and various other improvements which have suggested them selves during the season will be speedily effected. The second question is has the local drama been better supported in the new Theatre than under the Solomon re'gime? Undoubtedly it has, though not to the extent which might have been expected. Better houses have been seen in Hindley-street than ever graced the Temple, and as for the Montgomery season no one can say that it has had a precedent in the history of the colony. No twelve consecutive nights could show such an aggregate of receipts. But, on the other hand, Mr. Solomon's very worst night3 have had their match in Hindley-street. Mr. Coppin'8 combined antipathy to legitimate drama and the Town Hall could lind no strongerillustration than the fact of Anderson havingplayed a leading Shaksperian character to an eleven-pound house. He seems to have forgotten Mat Prior's adage, that some times a different cause the same effect will give. The eleven-pound houses frequently reproduced themselves in the Theatre Royal when theie were no bad acoustics nor any legitimate drama to make a scapegoat of. Before the close of the season Mr. Coppin's argument rather ungratefully turned against him. The public taste of Adelaide vindi cated itself by decisively repudiating lis sensational negrophobia — the Uncle Tom's Cabin rubbish which he offered as a sub stitute for the true but unappreciated Thalia. Uncle Tom sounded the treasury at the Royal more than the most unfortunate Shaksperian character had done at the Town HalL So, if the two failures had a common cause, it should not be looked for in the auditorium. A search behind the curtain might be more successful And when taste is uraggeu uiiiu me uis^julc, tue puuiic suoum be allowed to criticise the manager's as freely as he does theirs. Now is the time to turn the tables on Mr. Coppin and to give him some information in exchange for his patronising advice on muni cipal and theatrical affairs. Before all bis §tar Company take farewell of us they ought to be ioldVwhether or nqt they have succeeded in their mission of elevating the local stage. Then can we, looking back on the past season, say that we are indebted to them tor a higher style and greater variety of acting? With every respect for the few genuine and deserving comedians amongst them, they have as a stock company been decidedly under the average. The utmost that has ever been expected from them was one or two excellent characters smothered in ujjtfained and untrainable stupidity. A good cast was one of the rarest accidents conceivable. Dummies and abortions were the rule, well acted parts the exception. In the Temple we were never without dummies, and there was always at least one who had palpably missed his vocation; but there was also enough of respectable acting to render such blemishes tolerable. In bis leading men Mr. Coppin might compare with Mr. Solomon; but in no other respect. Rogers, when he had decent Aaracters assigned bun, could rise nearly, if not quite, to the level of Hoskins.' Greyjlle wag a fair substitute foe Young, if no improvement upon him. Miss St. Denis started with a fair promise of eclipsing Mrs. Jackson, but latterly her pro gress was of a very equivocal kind. In the second rank a parting compliment is due to our friends, the Holloways. During the season we were sometimes compelled to a:-r-uii an uje isuiuus iu uuwuui 111 ueocriu ing their performances. Our correspondence will show that we have been remonstrated with on this account, and the remonstrants profess to represent a large olass of play goers, who consider that Tfe. ?J%V§ tyeen too. severe on these particular artists. To the insinuation of an animus it were beneath ub to reply. Reasonable minds could desire no better proof of impartiality than this candid admission, that others— and some of them competent judges — have differed with us in opinion. Where the grounds of dissent have Deen stated we can easily vindi cate Dnrselves. For instance, one correspon dent accused us' of injustice towards Mr. Holloway'8 Macduff because 'the gods applauded him, and we treated him as a caricature. To us this very applause is only another proof of the caricature ; almost as conclusive if not as specific as those mentioned in the critique. A private correspondent, who can speak with authority on the subject, charges us with unfairness in not giving Mr. and Mrs. Holloway credit ' for the following indis putable virtues — to wit, ' ' being conscientious and painstaking, always well up in their parts, well and ckanly dressed'— in which respects, he adds, they are a great contrast to some of their fellow-actors. The con science and the pains we readily grant ; but what is the value of aa actor's conscience vithoot taste, or of any conwniRBce. if it is lot MoompMiiri by ffdfflwart? The 'puna' we may easily have too much of, and in truth we generally had from Mr. Holloway. 'Being well up in their parts' might be praise for schoolboys, but hardly for artiste. No? & cleanliness to be depised, especially in pure comedy; but if it were to be made a proof of dramatic talent, soap and water might transform any of us into great actors. Mr. Holloway'8 advocate has ended by showing a poorer appreciation of him than the so - called unjust critic. In tolerable as his acting sometimes appeared to us, we never thought of de grading him to the soapsuds standard. When we looked for a redeeming feature in his case, the reflection always presented itself that Nature was primarily to blame. She had ignored his ambition to shine in the Coppin galaxy, and had omitted to endow him with, one single qualification for an actor. Her blundering work was frequently aggra vated by the stage manager, in forcing Mr. Holloway into most unsuitable parts— for instance, Iago, or the Ghost in Hamlet Towards Mrs. Holloway, Nature has been more generous. She has within her the elements of dramatic power, with a thoroughly dramatic spirit. But if her worst enemy had been her elocution master he could not have more grossly mal formed an originally good and pleasant voice. In characters where she has been able to restrain this defect she has often succeeded well ; and it is not our fault if the public so readily forget the praise we have in such cases bestowed upon her while they treasure up in their memory all the subsequent censure. On the Holloway level there were a few more, such as Welsh, Lawrence, and Stanley, who, within a very narrow range of character, could play respectably. All beneath this was a dreary waste of bail tailoring and misapplied physical energy. The utility-men would have been much better utilized off the stage, but the supars had the satisfaction of at least justifying their title. The dulness of the foot lights was reflected toward the sides, where the scene-shifters carried the noble art of clumsiness to its highest perfection. If there was a scene-painter at all— and as to his existence many beside ourselves were sceptical— bis office must have been first cousin to-a sinecure. He and the carpenter must have both belonged to the Mrs. Harris family. Certainly their labours contributed in a very infinitesimal degree to the enjoy ment of playgoers. All the mechanical and scenic effects were, with one exception, slurred over. Mr. Coppin adopted the l-est precaution against failure in this department by attempting nothing. He may have misjudged the resources of the Victoria, and consequently the expectations of the public based thereon ; but all who looked to him for any improvement in the mechanical business of the stage might just as well have centred their hopes on some country carpenter's shop. Even as common oirpentery, his machinist's work would not have commanded much admiration. The third question has thus to be answered negatively on every point of dramatic art. Mr. Coppin did not inaugurate the Theatre Royal by any reform in stage manage ment, or by any improvement in stock acting. Not half-a-dozen of his Star Company will be remembered as many months in connection with the opening season. This circumstance affects, to some extent, the answer to our fourth and hut question. Chiefly owing to Mr. Coppin's shortcomings the stage has not been elevated in public esteem aa the friends of the new Theatre had a right to anticipate. He has not accomplished his share of the intended reform. But his successors may be more fortunate in their endeavours. Notwith standing temporary disappointments, the ultimate object is still attainable. The architectural reputation of the Theatre has been firmly established, but dramatic repu tation will have to be purchased for by years of enterprise aud good management. 