MR. MONTGOMERY AT THE LYCEUM THEATRE. The reception which was given to Mr Mont gomery at the Lyceum Theatre last night by a very crowded audience was a proof that his re putation as an actor is widely spread, and the ap probation accorded to his performance throughout the tragedy of " Hamlet," in which he made his first appearance here, an additional proof that the audience cordially endorsed the opinion formed of the actor wherever he has appeared. It is generally the case that on going to see for the first time a representation of any of the great Shakespeare's characters one is apt naturally to expect to see the character enacted in a way that may lead one to form an opinion by comparison with other impersonators of the character. With such a predisposition to judge Mr Montgomery no doubt the majority of the audience of last night went to see him—to compare his Hamlet with perhaps that of Brooke, Phelps, Kean, or, if their theatrical recollections carried them back so far, Macready or Kemble. If such were the case, the opportunity for comparison was wanting; for in our own remembrance of some of the more modern actors we have mentioned—and as far as we could learn from the experience of these who had seen actors we had never seen in the same character—the opportunity of judging Mr Mont gomery by them was wanting. The reason is that his Hamlet stands out alone ___ originally conceived idea, and one which none of his prede cessors or cotemporaries on the stage ever essayed. The originality of the impersonation may probably be, with many, one of the chief causes of the su cess that he has achieved, al though we fully believe that the large majority of those who have seen him accredit him with giving what they judge is the true rendering of the character. Mr Montgomery's Hamlet is certainly not of the stage stagey, and is so completely inde pendent of stage accessories, that in many of the passages he spoke, one could fancy it was a "reading" of "Hamlet" he was listening to, instead of seeing the tragedy on the stage. His Harriet—so to speak—is a most unde monstrative piece of acting ; for this reason, it is not until the piece has progressed, and we get more used to his conception of the character that we begin to feel an interest in his Hamlet. In the delivery of the many soliloquies which are spoken by Hamlet, Mr Montgomery showed himself one of the most perfect masters of elocution, and par ticularly in the soliloquy—"To be, or not to be," —he, to our thinking, was far above any of those we have eyer heard. One of the principal charms of Mr Montgomery's Hamlet is the total absence of any attempt to make "points" at any particular portion of the play for the mere sake, as it would often seem, of courting applause; and although at times Hamlet is almost beside himself with grief and rage, Mr Montgomery never in the least approaches to rant. Indeed, some of his fiercest denunciations of his father's murderer were spoken almost in whispers; but were more effective on that very account. As he is neither demonstra tive nor loud in his utterance, he is equally undemonstrative in his action, and adopt ing the injunction he gives to the players, in the third act, he does not, like some actors, "saw the air with his hands," nor in depicting his rage ever "o'erstep the modesty of nature." Without wishing to revive the contro versy whether Hamlet's madness is real or only assumed, we may say Mr Montgomery's idea that the latter is the correct one, is fully borne out by his impersonation of the character. His Hamlet will be considered by most people the best ever seen on Sandhurst, and that the larger proportion of the audience were of that opinion last night was evidenced by the fact that at the end of each act he was re-called before the curtain to receive the most enthusiastic applause. With re gard to the support which he received from the other representatives of the different characters, it was much better than we expected. The com pany has been strengthened by several members, who, as well as those who have been engaged during the last few weeks, acquitted themselves exceed ingly well. Miss Frances Brown, although hardly equal in all respects to the part of Ophelia, was, altogether, very fair. Mr Brown's First Gravedigger was exceedingly humorous. Mr Noble, as The King, was fully equal to many per formers of the same character; and Mr Carter's Ghost sufficiently impressive. We may add that a little more quitness in the immediate vicinity of the upper part of the theatre, and in the passages adjoining the lower part, would be greatly valued by the audience. Some of the interruptions last night from the above-mentioned causes were very annoying. 