SOOTH AUSTRALIA. : The annual meeting of the Presbytery was : held in Ghalmer's Schoolroom, North-terrace, on Tuesday, May 5, the Eev. John Anderson, Moderator, in the' chair. The meeting was opened with the usual devotional exercises. ? : . GommiMons were read from various: Sessions appointing .representative Elders for the ensuing; 12 months. ' . : Tfl6 3JreaSiUiej^_84HJ£iDnis_S!Ea»v»3»SL« — «i»»»M»iTiine^ — * Nuance of about £31 in favor ^f the Pres bytery Fund. -????'? - - -: The MobebMOB ifaen. delivered a valedictory address, in which he congratulated the Presby tery on the progress -which had been made daring the past 'year, and nominated as his Successor' the Bev. James Gordon, of Gawler, whe, with the concurrence of the brethren, at once took the chair. v ? .. Mr. Murray was re-elected Treasurer. ' , The: Committee appointed to confer with the Rev. John Macbean and the congregation of In verbrackie reported that they held a meeting ?with them of a most satisfactory character ; that - the minister and people had .expressed a strong desire to be connected with/this Presbytery, and had signed a document, a copy of which was embodied in 'the report, expressive - of their hearty approval of the basis of union, and of their readiness to conform to the rules of the Church, The report recommended that Mr. Macbean be -at once received into Ms church. It was moved by Mr. Haihing, arid seconded by ? Mrl tJardner, that the report be adopted, and that Mr. Macbean be at once received, and the motion was carded unanimously. At this point the Presbytery engaged in devotional exercises conducted by Mr. Haloing. ' - '. Mr. Macbean having signed the formula, was kindly welcomed by the Moderator, and received the right hand of fellowship. Mr. Macbean addressed the Presbytery in a few suitable remarTsB expressive of the delight which he felt In the important relationship he - had just formed. ? .:?:?.. The Committee appointed to communicate with other Churchee on the subject of the visits of H.M. ships of war to the Australian colonies, and on the practice of opening these vessels to the public for inspection oh the Lord's Day, submitted a draft of a letter which had been forwarded to the Moderators of Presbyterian Churches in 'Victoria, New South Wales, and Queensland, and to the Presbytery of-Tasmania; : The report was approved, and the Committee was instructed to continue its labors. Memorials from the congregations of Clare and JSttrick, praying that Churches should be formed In those places, were received. : The Presbytery expressed its high satisfac tion in the. desire contained in those memorials to enjoy the fnli advantages of Church 'mem- bership. Messrs. - Davidson and Law -wjere ap pointed to -take the necessary steps to form Churches in those places respectively. ! - -— ' Mr. Gabdneb intimated that lie was; about to ' proceed to Tasmania and -stated the : arrange ^menta *he had made for bis various services during the period of his absence. v j ': The ^Presbytery cordially .sanctioned ithear SangementB which Mr. Gardner had niade,«nd wished -Mm. God speed, :and -empowered nun to xepresent this Church at the annual meetings \- of 'Church Oomts in the oilier colonies which lie might have an opportunity of attending. - - : Mr.' j.\ :a'' Gobdon read an e&saiy; )o'n *' Thfe? argdment for tne existenee-oE God irom de-' «ga,w wllcli-TOS«praially approve&'bf J by the Presbytery and sustained.- ' Messrs. .Anderson and' Micnie were appointed to examine him on ? Hodge* ^Outlines of JOieoloigy^amdlirfaifc - ' --. Mr. RODfiltiK intimated 1iat there was a -ydung Tuan,-Bbbert TkGtcheH, -connected with Mb congregation^ who lwas desirous to devote liimself to the work of the mmistry, and who J tad already made spmeprogress in Hie study of -£atin-ttnd theology. 1* was-unanimously xe ' solved to receiveiiim^ ast^entof ffieGnupeh, and Messrs. Anderson and Michie -were-ap- \- jKJmtedto'prep^xe su^ecbi of eraoaination f or -? im ftt the next meeting. j--: ??---* :.i; i ^:. :^j \- After engaging in 'devotional J cxfircisesii'the ?- Presbytery adjourned till the evening. - In the waning -a meeting was held in St. ? AmdreVs-3bittTeb-, ^aJM&eia-sfaeet.; Tfcere was a ; moderate attendance. Tie 'proceedLogs * were ©pmmenoed^slnging^dthe reading of the fourth, chapter of the Episifcle tp the JSphesiansy after which the Bev. John Gardntejr Engaged 5n ; Thts Rev. James Gobdon lien delivered a brief address upon the subject of home missions.' He prefaced his remarks oy stating that in Iiondon,.ouJtof two millions of people, onlynalf a nuflion were to be found in places of : worship on ..the Lord's -day, and./tue 'average0 was \- about -the same :m ;aH.f the large towns -in Great Britain. He believed, however, that in \- -these-cblonies there was-a^far Smaller prbpor-: iaon ofwhat Dr. Chalmers 3i^ called the '»ifeL 'field population.'* The number %as nevertheless great, and missions 'were Tequiredto bring them underthernleof God The queWon, then, was low r were the; ; to accomplish, this;- and what, wereifie best agencies toomploy to ensure sup : cess. Hitherto 'the work had beeu left in the Tmmiffn pf the city :misslbnaiy ; but in ins opinion, ft could.be best 'dealt with 'bytheCh^ch ?l through its 'pastors and people. ? ? - He : would' sot interfere with the city missionary, bu assist' him in -his labors in -the ^ast. fields 'of Corruption c iana1', ^eath which . were on au hands. He had nothing new to propose \for the- accomplislimerit of this work, -'? tut let.: 'pastors, ;iria'c&njnnction;'-^ith Sbmef suitable -members of theiriflocks, select j a dis trict, and^mdertake the' work in atjodly spirit There waB a difficulty in getting Church mem bers to Undertake such duties, but the difficulty iras less In towns than in country district 6, for -where' sin 'twas -greatest, Christians were most earnest, and :evil and its antidote were io be \- found eld* oy side. He alluded to the many, 'discouragements encompassing . mission work, but urged them not to allow ; any though ta oi \- fa^uretpkeeptheni from doing what they could . in-that way. He said te bad estabnshed a \- Mission in Gawler to visit the houses of the., ? tick andthe poor, and he foundihatthe' duties it TentaSled were amongst the most pleasing in bis position as. a .Christian Minister. 'It was nojfc, however, arthingto speak about; but to' do j; and i he hoped that^tney would make ifc ?» matter.j of action,7 and; that:. both pastors and people, would try to overtake the work. ' ; ' ]'{-, \- The Bev. JdHK Ahdeb$on -said the subject placed' in his liands was, 'The; Sabbath— its : -Duties, Objections, and Privileges^*' but he feJi -that he could not do justice to it, as it iad . only recently been put into his nands. ;As an institution of God, coming with his «p-. \- 'inandj iffien* -'was ? '?'&; = -binding obligation upon them ito regard the Sabbath. It hadieen called a^ Jewish institution, bnt he denied 'that, «r it iaa been appointed by the Almighty Jong' l-efore.a?ew- -was 'born. ; It ;was as- old as Creation itself, though it laad been renewed at Mount Sinai, and urged upon the attention of tt^ Jewish-3hurch. With Tegard to the duties . «f the Sabbath, Be, need not say-; much- as they, all looeyr t:w1iat ^they -were.1 .It had its 'own ; peculiar duties^jtud' religious observances, ^and eveiyitrue cmli of Gpd was glad at heart when \- it tBtnrned time aftertima' None whoknew the e privileges of the Sabbath-day would forego them; , ioretastes^tney were of the Eternal Sabbath : : id be^enjoyed nereaffcer by the children of God. Theybi* neard- some pertment remarks upon 'home HnssionsV anil Jhe hoped they would oon isldertiiiBm welli andthatall asitei *aHed tHem 'ielves disc^l^« df-to Lord Jesus 'Christ would: \- stead foriprdas Uvmg^postles in that work,; He dBpIbretlfthe want of . zeal; on the- part of, ' profeisiogiChrisManei^ and- expressed7 Ids belief - 1 «^'2'feey were d^y more observant of ibair duties, ^fl^air ^sanctuaries would present fijf difr 'ferent soeneV'frpht;what they at 'present too often manifested! . ' ! The Eev. JvHENDisRSON then read the fol lowing address; — , ,. ,... ....... \- V 'The subject Which ias been assigned toine is *PresbyterianiBm,its nature,; adaptations, ^ and claims,' and in speaking lupon it for^afew ' minutes, I desire 'that the law of charxty may jcovern my thoughts jand words, 'aim while seekr ug to set .in order 'some of the things concern-' , ing oi^ ecclesiastical polity which are most cer ta^y iyieyadrainong us,I desireto do bo inno other spirit than that of ranoere ifespectr f or other branches of the Christian Church. Grace, mercy, and peace be multipliedabundaatiy to all who love the IJqrd, Jesus. Christ in sincerity and in truth. So far from being an invidioui prb cedure, it seems right and fitting that on an occasion like tbe present the characteristics of bur polity should claim some share of bur atten tion ; and certainly neither in the pulpit nor on the platform can it be charged upon us that we ^are given to self-assertion or to an undue ob truaion of the peculiarities or tradition of bur Church. If, however, we believe- that our. traced Ifi ,o' (tfr** *n t3»a 'WVnnl- of (ZoU — if _gjj£_ any measure, of filial gratitude we xemember the struggles of our ancestry in conseryating and transmitting intact the elements ofour' polity it ought not to be at unequal and distent inter vals that we expound the principles of Pres byterians, or borrow, the language of apology in doing so. It will present, itself in ttiei%b.t of an imperative duty— a dnty we owe to the Church with which-; we are. connected-^to al -those with whom^we differ^-to ourselves — and, above all; to the Great Head of the Church not only to hold fast that which we have re eeived, but.to^vail ourselves of .all legitimate occasions of holding forth to others, in a clear and intelligible manner, the polity of a Church, scriptural in her doctrine, apostolic m her. constitution, and primitive in her discipline. Presbyterianiam occupies a middle ground be tween Prelacy: or Episcopacy on the one hand, and Independency on the other. It is the doctrine of Episcopacy that there are three orders in the Christian ministry, viz., DeacoHB, Presbyters or Elders, and. Bishop. The Bishop only has the right to ordain and confirm; he has the general Bupervision of «, diocese, has the. chief administration of spiritual ^discipline, and has included in himself all the rights, and powers of the subordinate clergy. -It is the theory of Independents that each Church or congregation is entrusted with its own govern ment,: and that government is conducted.^ not by the office-bearers alone as its representatives, but by ike office-bearers and congregation .con jointly. Judicial functions are exercised- by all the members ^aie old as wellas tkeyoung^-the inexperienced as; well &s; \- the most mature and patnarchaL Between these -two Presby terianism jholds its position, affirming on the one hand that since the Apostles left the scene the Word of God recognises , np office-bearer above that of a teaching Elder, and on the other maintaining that the government of the Ohurch is committed, not to the members collectively, but to chosen office-bearers spoken of iin Scripture as Elders or Presbyters. Another office is indeed clearly indicated in Scripture — the office of Deacon ; but as almost all sections of the Christian Church recognise this office, though1 they may differ in respect to the nature of its Junctions, we shall not further allude to . it at present, - but proceed . to trace out the leading and more distinctive features of Eresby terianism, and— L The -people, the members of the Ohurch. -..- They are ^ot a promiscuous body-=a mere crowd driven;tQgether by accident or impnlse-rbut 'associated- together from the high. motive of love to! Christ, seeking j mutual edification and co-operation. They are a select ?or chosen company— saints or holy persons— who are inot admitted to their positionsas mem bers otthe Church untiUheyiave given satis-: ?factory Evidence, both of their knowledgewf the Gospel said of their faith in Jesusand obedir, ?ence to him. WMle the {Presbyterian Church makes no pretensions to ascertaudng infallibly the.moral and religious state of men's souls; ?while we make nb pretension of -liaviiie^ in -our exclusive possessiona crucible which enables us with, iftnfajling accuracy, to. detect the spurious, andtoiecognise the true— yet we do jisquire that the members of our Church should : possess , an intelligent acquaintance with the truths and . doctrines of God's Word, and give evidence by a life -and-conversationi-ecoming its higb^nd-holyi teachings. : Thut ? acknowledged, ?; they.' have . their allotted place as members in the Chnrch; they 3iave irespdnsibilit y wMdh they ! cannot jforego, and privileges wJbich, are inalienable because sacred. Whateverpiay :be their difier encesin attainment,' in education; orsocialposi ;iaon, as . members of 'the,* Church;L Hhsv -stani upon the samelevel, i enjoying ; the isame ^privi J^es, claiming the same rights, .aadibowingito the same lawof responMbility. Withoutrecog nising authority, external to themselyeB, they are at-fuHlfljerty to ?maintam -ordinanOBSjiand. to ehboSftby a : feee and unfettered ;jsuffrage^ and eliljtifieir office-bearers of every ^rade. In all things affecting their, internal management —their internal schemes and «rganisa&ons;^r Presbyterian congregations, are as free; as the most ardent Oongregationalist :conld | desire. 31\. WithT^pecttoomoe-bearers,-itis*he doc trine ofi&e; PreBbyterian Church tiiat !t|ie New Testament clearly showBc-that jthesei office bearers were uf two' orders— the ^Presbyter, and' Deacon. Tne- dogma of * atbird biaderW the BiBhop— with offifiialjuriadiction over subor dinate :office- beareiB, and with the exclusive 'rightof ordination, confirmation^- and discipline, is A^dogma'wbich we believe has no foundation in the word of God. It isrtrue-we findfhe three titles of- office in the New Testanaejnt. We ;^iere Tead of Bishops, Presbyters, and Deacons. We have the three names. Havew«* not the; three orders ? _A very slight exainina tion shows that twrb of the names belong to one order,- and, tbat Bishop and Presb'yter.^-are titles used interchangeably in the Nesv Tlesta^ ?Hient. Take an example— Paul, in Tourneying' to Jerusalem, sent for the Elders of Ephesus to nteet him air Miletus, and he exhorted those Elders^ to feed'.'Hi&B;:i3hi!ixii of God over which tiie' Holy Ghost had made them Bishops— - rendered in ' our translations overseers^ Acts 20: 17). The same- persons .designated Elders in the 17th vierse of the;i2(-th Tohapter of the j Acts are designated Bishops in the 28th verse', land how could it be made more inanifeBt that the. two' designations * respected one class of office-bearers. Again we find in Titus, lchap. 5' to 7 versiB, Paul saying iao Titus— * For this caiiBe left I thee in Crete, that thou shouiaesl' set hoi. order' the things* ' that are wanting,' and ordain Elders in every city, as I had appointed thee. If any be blameless, the Husband of one' wife, having faithful children, Tiot: accused of riot or unruly, cor a Kiahop must be blameless, as the steward of God.' Here we have in the oiie Verse a requirement to ordain Elders, in1 the nest verse %heir requisite ijualffic3Jticms,isQQdin the verse succeeding a reason why sach qualifi catiops were to be demanded of them, 'for a Bishop must be blameless.' It will be observed that the term Elder iis^ at the commencement is exchanged for the term Bishop at the cony clnsion, wnilo ' the same office- bearer is spoken . of. ' An' ;Elder. -must ;?', xhaye: such and such qualificatioBBl Why? BecanBe a Uishop must be blameless as^the steward of 'God. 'Does not this show: that the office of -Elder and Bishop i are 'identicaL -That; Elder and Bishop are designations of the same office,' and'convertible terms, is thebelief of the Pres byterian .Church. ; With;iespect to that order of office-bearers, from which our Church derives 'its _name, tPresbyterk, or Elders,-the New 'Testa ment affords fnfl and varied instruction^ In the. recorded transactions of the Apostolic .Church; and in the Epistles; of ; 'tiie Aposfles,; we mark. a distinction clearly traced between two classes of 'PresTbj^rs-^the tScuMng . Elder and the ruling Elder.' We read of Elders who 'rule.' and of Elders who, in addition to ruling, ,* labor in word and doctime.' :; ;'Wie'ifin4 in^ev^ry church planted 'by the -J&posbles;**'Q- plurality^ ^Elder^' ai^'tnat , in^nb'.instaiice is an organised congregation placed under the ministry bf a stogleSicler. We find' no trace t»f each a thing as pre-eminence or prelacy of one bmce:bearer invested with jurisdiction lover others. .The. New 'Testament,' ais we lave' just atated, indicates in various passages that while all ^Eldera1 were rulersV only some of ttiem taught publicly, sp that a ^listinotion existed among hem of tfeacningjand'Tpling Elders. In the Bpjfitlis to the Romans {Ront. xiL,6,8)— 'Haying, then, gifts differing according to the'grace that is given unto us, whether prophecy, let us prophecy according to the proportion of faith ; or ministry, let us wait on our ministry ; or he ?that teacheth, on teaching ; or he that exhorteth on exhortation. He that giveth, let him do it with simplicity. He that ruleth with diligence; Ihe that sheweth mercy with cheerfulness.' No candid reader can follow this train con Jointly with the Apostle's allusion: to. the members of thenuman body, ^without perceiving that -the persons spoken of&ere; are: represented, as having distinct offioes^like the members of the body, and are cautioned against making le difference between them, an occasion of vain-glorious strife. He that ruleth is a member oT Christ's ihystioal body,1 hold ing . a distinct office — an office, which may be held separately from other offiees, and he ought not in consequence of any views enter tained as to its relative importance either to despise others or be despised by them. A passage stili more decisive is that of 1 Tim. v. 17 — 'Xiet the Elders that rule well be counted worthy of double honor, especially they who labor in word.. and doctrine.' It is to be re niar«eu:^t42^~pa^a^§-^4eJ^J1I& _§Sftte?5r of as a class comprehending all Presbyteri, and that from this class of the same office-bearers the term. * specially5 singles out a select portion distinguished by a specified peculiarity— some taught, some ruled.. They all ruled, but they, did not all teach, andthose who taught— that is, those who labored in word and doctrine — were to be accounted worthy of double honor. : If it be allowed, then, that the Primitive Churches under the direction of the apostles had Elders appointed to rule, and Elders appointed both to rule and to teach, we are inclinedto believe that, adhering to the Presbyterian form of Church polity as at present constituted, we are only standing fast in the Apostle's doctine— a doc trine not merely taught in their epistles, but evidently : illustrated, in tieir practice. But onceinbre. ?- That tile Elders appointed in tlie Apostolic Churches were not all teaching Elders appears from their 'number: Every Church planted by the ApostleB, however poor and: smallj.iiad a company of Elders, and the sup7 position that they were all instructors is attended with -inseparable difficulties. : There, were a plurality of Elders in the Church at Jerusalem, at Ephesus, atPhilippLWeread that Paul' and Barnabas ordained Elders (not Elder) in every city. 'If they all taught, if all the Elders referred to were pnblic instructors, where was there room for that exhaustive labor to which reference is sometimes made by the Sounders of the' Christian Church? If all taught, where -was there room or scope for the exercise of their gifts ? And with twelve, sir, - or even' three teaching Elders placed over a handful of people there would have been an example of improvidence — a. waste; of means which is nowhere else to be met rwith in the- Divine administration. A plurality of Elder? an^'each^ congregation we can underBtand when their functions are to rule, but when it.is affirmed, as it is by Independent brethren, that the Elders referred to taught, confusion seems, to settle down upon both the teaching- and the procedure of the Apostles: Nothing is more clearly made known than that in the early Church a plurality of Elders 'was ordained, and when this was effected in any particular Church that Church seems to have been. completely' organised or furnished witheverything in point of- external arrangement which the Spirit of God judged necessary to the edification of its members. These rulers being appointed, it followB : that they must have possessed the power of meeting together and adopting'such measures ' ai were agreeable to the mind of Christ for HHe edification of Ma body ; and thus: was formed an Eiderahip; thus sprung up in the Apostolic Church that which we here this day humbly hope to call into existence among bur selves— a session to which belong the govern mentof a particular congregation— of this cou gregation. HI. We have seen therefore how sessions sprang up and were constituted in the Primitive Ohurch. The rise and recognition of Presbyteries is also: clearly indicated in the New Testament. As the Ghurch- increased, as oongregation after congregation arose, each with respective equipments of teaching and ruling Elders, they did not range themselves as sepa rate and altogether independent, with; no bond of connection recognised among thfem. Our '. 3 ^ieading- ? of ?-' &e-; '-'iWorxL ' teaches,; us that ''the very opposite' of -this was the case. Among those separate congregations a bond of union subsisted. -They were one body^ andare presented to View as the Ohurch of God in the partieular city or district of country lin which they were' planted. ? Unable to assemble, or worship within the same walls, or under the iame iobf, they were still' one Church,: and the unity1 of- their fellowship was maintained .and manifested by '-the joint meetings of their Mdersto superintend their common concerns. Here, thence have the principle of Presbyterian Church government in ail its Scriptural simpU-, city— an organisea Eldership of a number of congregations united and forming one Church. We have an Example and illustration of these views in the Council meeting which is recorded in the xv. chap, of the Acts of the Apostles. This Councilor Synod, as we read, assembled to consider alzeference from the Church at Antioch,: in,- which Paul and Barnabas -were.; representatives, and the ^decision of which Council or;. Synod was, ?, binding on all: the ^hurclies., ; In. this ^sie ^hereiFere, no doubts specialities - arising . from tne presence there, of ext^rdinaiy rulers; but setting Lall itaspe icialities aside,' jtbis xecorded . insfemce of- the Priautiv£ Church government clearly shoys that ,the Chuiches then Existing were in a stafei of nunion, .that jtheir union was. evinced by ^; joint meeting of their Elders to deliberate about the^r pommonaffajrB; that they met )-y dele gation; that a-, ease was- brought for cqnsidera jtipn and judgment from a smaller to a greater meeting of , Elders. That , a judgment or .'decree' was-vpassed (not by. Apostolic autho rity, but result of free_ diflcussion), tand that all the.- Churches were bound 'in the Lord9 to .submit to that decree. These are the elements of that subordination of Ses mpns to Presbyteries, fand of Presbyteries to Synods &ad; Assemblies, which characterised that Presbyterian Church to which we belong.* It u net pretended that 'the minutiae of the systtem : are detailed with particularity in the word of God. It is principle and example rather than detail which Christ has given to guide, his Church in; matters of government, and any; particular form of. government is to] be re ceived or rejected according as it agrees or dis agrees with what he has spoken. Here! then, : we; have an outline of Church government: founded on the Word of God, in which thei rulers are not law-givers but simply administrators, and yrhich is applicable tc^any Church, -whether large or small, proving itself an instrument ,of ' uni^y and order, while, at the same .1 time, it 'secures the rights and liberties or -ttie obscurest individual, it contains provisions whithare: adinirably fitted on the one hand to prevent the restless and ambitious from; attaining' $n in fiuence adverse to 'edification, and, on the [other, to protect the timid and retiring from injury or oppression. ^ Any member of a Pres byterian Church, however poor, may by, the power of appeal which/ is his right, have- the udgment of the whole Church,' through, her united Mdership— through the men, namely, . . whom the Church in her several congreejations has chosen to rule; over her, because sfie^con-.- fides in their piety'kud prudence— may have the judgment of such mea, we say^ on any: point which aggrieves^ ^him, whether in doctrine, or in discipline, or in government, i Such is a brief sketcli of the pipesbyterian Church. We.ittunkit Scriptural/1 'We believe it to (be good, : It ' is equitable and compact — ordto^fuanu|5well-balanced — ^ adequate for any '^orki and sufficient' 'for all interests. : The authority it claims is' love in exercise, not authority displayed. The rulers have nodo ininibn over the faifli of the people; but they are helpers of their joy ; and the very design of the system is tprend^roppression impossible and topsec^e the jnst liberties of all. This form of government .1b. favorable to Bound doctrine. The ►royision that any member of the Church may firing any error or any offence before the notice of l&^liestCouii^there expose it to the publib gaze, procure its condemnation— places both truth and morals under the safe keeping of the entire' community. It is friendly to education* for its ?members must be instructed in -that' knowledge Jwhieb. maketb. truly wise, and education in its highest forms is a talent -which the Church requires. . It is friendly to national liberty. To the misguided Queen Mary of Scotland the .freedom of Assemblies was a deep andever-iretting annoyance. She schemed, she plotted, she manoeuvered to fetter and silence them, but Knox's eagle glance detected every intrigue, and his well-known retort shows his estimate of the danger. . * Take from us the liberty of Assemblies, and you take from us the Gospel.' - Presbyterianism, with its freedom of utterance^ with its unity of ? organization, with its well? balanced, powers, and above all, with, its entrenchments deeply laid in the veritUa «f od's Word, has ever been, the offence and the ^ terror of despotic kings, tyrannic Parliaments, or servile Assemblies. Again and again has it fought the battle of freedom, and in the Council Chamber, and on the. floor of Parliament, and. on the battle-tented field it has many a time fought and vanquished the emissaries of op pression. - It has 'been defended and illus trated in the writings of men of profoundest genius and learning ; by-men of the most com manding eloquence; by men of the most daunt less heroism. Many ajmo^'o^th£purple_hea^er_ -°i %Sth^7 SSSy^S darksome glen, many a mountain pass, can bear witness at what a sacri fice of blood our forefathers contended for the rights and liberties' of their countay and this Church j and; what troops of noble-minded loving-hearted men Were raised up in successive eras to maintain the contest, until every oppres sive measure' Was neutralised, and our rights and privileges, placed: upon a basis as immutable : as truth. Knox, Melville, Henderson, .Rutherford, Erekine, GilleBpie— each man. in hiinself 'altbst, and the influence of whoBe character andc writ- ings is ^estined'to live' for ever.1 -Our Presby terian Church is friendly to all who hold the Head Christ, and to every Church - that ? is a. faithful witness for thejtaruth. ButtheKesbyV terian Church is' far fronl; being fe jperfect Church. She Tnay 'be Scriptural in her ?eccle- siastical polity ; -but we -have not forgotten1 the 'voice of its Head— ' Not by might |nor by; power, but my Spirit, saith the Lord;' Our ' Church may be fashioned to the minutest parti cular to the pattern shadowed forth in Scrip ture ; but all- will be naught and in vain unless quickened by the Spirit — unless made the channel through which flow the waters of life. As a lamp without oil, so is the Chaich without the Spirit. What would have been the;temjple of old bereft of the Glory which shone between the cherubim ? And the blessing will come* if we earnestly-seek it. A graying people is ever strong j a praying XJhurch isnever safe. Let jus wrestle and we shall prevail j let us plead the promise and it shall descend in a plenteous ?fein.'' '-?'' '?'?'?'? ?-' ; '?.-?' ' ' : '?' ;?'' ? ? ''.?' ;';' Mr. Mioma Bpoke upon 'The -Claims of Foreign Missions.' After alluding to his love for missonary work, he referred to it as a plan laid out by the Almighty for the enlightenment jand salvation of the numan race. The work ?had been commenced by the Apostles, and .the Christianity of ithe present day was the result of their labors.- Only the other dajy they were told in a review in one of the papers, ; on one of Max Mull«r9s 'works, that ' missions -as a rule hadr not produced results. The reviewer quoted these words as proceeding from Max Muller, but it seemed strange . that such a man could . make a statement -like that ' to tiie world ; and :- without any wish to discredit the reviewer, he could scarcely ber lieve that the learned German had sent forth such, a chip from his literary workshop. : Chris iian missions had always been productive, and Wen. at the present day.it would be difficult to find one that had not- produced results; - Living stbne said that Christ^nity had done more for 'iihe African race' than Mohammedanisni ever had or could do. - There were at the present time .250,000 professing Christians in Africa— arid was not that a result? In the South Pacific the number was about the same— and was' not that a result? In India there were 120,000 Protestant Christians, which might be regarded as a great result when ^compared with the number' of missionaries at work there. Taking the whole field of ?missionary enterprise, more than a million sdiilk had been rescued .'from \- heathen darknesB aid brought into the glorious light of the Gospel—arid was not that a result ? The work would goon, arid Christianity would increase.1 It 'was also 'said that missions were n^ft Noilly Uselesa, bujt^ uncalled 'fpty but he could iiot~ be&eye;' that 'the religion o|/the^;h.eathen' -wbuld^ ever ; giVe peace. ' To believe that ihe^'JnuSt reject ; their Bible; for did not tJhrist says1—*' Go forth and. teach all nations.' He'then spoke; of the' .responsibilities of' mis- sionary work which attached to the Christian Church and to individuals, and afterwards referred to ^j^-mysidh in the New Hebrides, and made an earnest appeal to /his hearers to contribute towards the support of the Presby terian missionaries stationed there. ; ?; : ?A psalm was then suns and the meeting closed. 