THE NEWS OF' THE DAY New Year's Day will be commemorated by the usual rejoicings which lend such a pecu liar charm to the festival in Yictoria. Per haps the most imporant feature of the occnsion will . be the New Year's Day Meeting, tinder the auspices of the Victorian Racing Club, the first event commencing at a quarter-past twelve o'clock. Tho pro gramme of the sports will be found ia another column. A brigade order, published in another column, by order of the Colonel Commandant, furnishes another illustration of the thought fulness and courtesy which so markedly cha racterise his Royal Highness the Duks of Edinburgh. The substance of the order is a communication from Lieutenant Haig, equerry to the Prince, requesting Colonel Anderson to convey to the local forces under hi* command, who were present at the review on tho 26th ult., the expression of liis Royal Highness's gratification ac their thorough discipline and efficiency. His Royal Highness proceeds to say that he is aware that many corps had come from* long distances, and mast have been put to much incon venience to be present — the preceding day having been Christmas Day ; and he states that ho duly appreciates tho zeal and energy exhi bited oh the occasion. Hi3 Royal Highness also takes the opportunity of expressing, through the Colonel Commandant, his warm acknowledgments tc the volunteers for tho effi cient manner in which they have always per formed their duties during his Royal High ness's stay in this colony, whether as escorts or guards of honor. The Roya! .Reception Commission have ap pointed Friday evening, the 3rd inst., for tho Grand Royal Concert as a farewell to the Prince. It is to take place in the Exhibition Hall. The Williamstown Reception Committee, liaving been officially informed that H.B.H. the Duke of Edinburgh would take his de parture from tho colony on Saturday next, and that previous to which he would lay tha memorial stone of the graving dock, met last evening to arrange the programme. It was decided that the royal cortege should be met at the railway station oy toe scuo.i cnuoren, who will sing the National Anthc-m, conducted by Mr G. F. Smith. Tho procession will pro ceed along Hanmer-street to Thompson-street as far as Cecil'street, thence along'Cole- street, passing down which it will go nlon» Nel son-place to the Government graving dock, where the Princo will lay tha memorial stone. .The triumphal arch has been re-erected, and the chairman, Mr Mason, undertook to secure lings for decora tive purposes. It was arranged to huve a large bonfire, the Government having promised to give soma old railway sleepers and grease for ' the purpose. Tho committee agreed to expend a further sum of £10 on it. The chairman also announced that his Excellency the Go vernor had promised the use of two of his carriages with horses on tlio occasion. Mr Stewart, the drill instructor to tho Williams t-iwn Artillery, at the request of the com mittee, undertook to act as uiarthal. The second day of the Caledonian Gathering in the Zoological Gardens was very success- . ful, and for all the announced .events there were numerous entries and close contests. The Prince's piper was on the ground nearly the whole of the day, and played several in spiriting tune3 on the bagpipes. We understand that H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh has accepted an invitation to dine with the officers of the 14th Regiment, at their mess, on Friday evening. The Sailor's Home Ball camo off in the Ex hibition building last evening. Ii was a vcry brilliant affair ; the Piince.and suite, hisExcel lencv the Governor and family being present. Tho arrangements ? were .such as reflected credit upon the committee of manngcment, and tended to the general enjoyment. The Prince danced at 'intervals during tho evening, but in the absence of his piper, who had fatigued him self at the Caledonian fathering, there was no Scotch reel, .to the undisguised disappointment of the ladies. Dancing was kopt iip until a lato hour this morning; the Prince leaving soon after midnight. Tho Albion Subscription-room was again' open last evening. The events of to-day did not however induce any great amount of specu lation. The Barb was the docided star of the evening, and iJft off at 2 to 1 on him, at which he was backed to some amount ; while 4 to 1 was not accepted about Cowra, though ono bookmaker offered to lay that prico in hundreds or any part thereof. 10 to 1 was offered and laid against Strop, and about tho same could have been got about Old England. For the Hurdle Race -1 to 1 was offered against Little King, and 5 to 1 against Laurel, backers stand ing out for 'another point. 20 oven was laid on the field against Laurel, Little King and Sur prise, and 50 to 10 laid on tho field ngainst Lady Clare, Littlo Fish and Pyrrhus. For the Derby 6 to 4 is laid against Fireworks, and 7 to 4 against Little Fish. For the Steeplechase Babbler is backed at 4 to 1, Western it 6 to 1; and 100 to 15 is offered Bgainst Banker, who is not in demand. Wando is at 8 to 1, and Reindeer at 10 to 1 ; the rest at longer odds. Tho following horses aro scratched ? — Hurdle Race — Sir Walter and Messenger ; Derby — Regalia ; Midsummer Handicup — Sir' Walter; Grand National Steeplechase — Ingleside, Alick, Lady Clare, ]^~Baron, and Messenger; £50 Plato Norma. Nimblefoot, for Sydney Gold Utip, and Phosphorus /or nil Ms Tasmanian c.. SgJoT'o Pohlman delivered himself of an uts expected finding yesterday with reference to tho recently tried case of Smith v. Scott (Secre tary of Melbourne Gas Company.) -The action was brought to recover £20, paid by Mr L. L. Smith uudsr protest, in satisfaction of a gas account run up by one of his tenants an occu pation of tho Polytechnic Hall. The com Ly compelled Mr Smith to pay the money by threatening to out the g«i off while, the hall was occupied by a succeeding tenant. Mr Smith, after paying tho money, sued the company m the County Court to recover it hack, and Judge Pr.atuian found for the plaintiff, ordering that the money should be repaid. On a new trial, however, Mr Polilman reserved his judgment, in consequence of certain authorities cited on tho defendant's behalf. After a consideration of these cases, he altered his former decision, and now found for the defendant, ordering a Tho trial of reaping machines exhibited at the Port Phillip Farmers' Society's Show will j tit- place at Mr Corrigan's farm, near Broad meadows, on Thursday, 2nd January, at ten o'clock a.m. # The prizes to tho successful competitors in the late Victoriau Ttogotta will be given to the dinner* at Gariou's Hotel, on Thursday even 'm the City Polico Court yesterday, Henry Bartine, who bad been arrested for using threatening language to his wife (Miss Louise Araot), surrendered to his bail, Und was dis charged, there being no appearance of the prosecutrix. Immediately after the prisoner ws discharged, Mrs Bartino appeared in coart, but too late to proceed against her hus band, as the case had been disposed of. All' telograph stations in Victoria will he open for communication to-day only between 8.30 a.m. and 10 a.m., and from G p.m. till 7 p.m. His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh, socompanied by the hon. Eliot Yorke, yester day afternoon visited St. George's Hall, when Jtr Montgomery had the honor of giving several of his dramatic recitals. The pro gramo, whioh was selected hy the Duke, con sisted of ' Tho Seven Ages of Man,' ' The Fall of AYolaey,' ' The Churchyard Scene from 'Hamlet,' ' Tho Bells,' 'The Jack daw of Bheims,' ' Mary's Ghost,' ' The Bridge ef Sighs,' ' Home at Last,' and . ' Shamus O'Brien.' Each piece was received with considerable ap plause, in whioh his : Royal Highness several times joined. ? The Duke remained throughout the entire entertainment, and at its close ex pressed his appreciation of the intellectual troat he had enjoyed. Betureon forty and fifty gentlemen accepted invitations from Messrs Reid, Poolo and Co. to proceed down tho Bay yesterday to test the qualities of the now steamer War Hawk, lately arrived from England to their consignment by Captain James Deane, who has supplied the wants of the oolony in this respect by intro ducing into our waters the Despatch and Challenge (aold to firms in New Zealand) and the Resolute, now belonging to Messrs Norton, Graham aud Co., and at all times giving the greatest satisfaction. It is almost needless to say that the War Hawk, his latost exportation, will also prove herself a first-class boat. Yes terday was really propitious for the testing of tho vessel, if not for tho enjoyment ol tho visitants, as thorn was all the way down te St. Leonard's a smart head gale, and. of course tho requisite amount of nausea created thereby. . However, on arrival off tho Wost Channel lightship, when it had been ascertained that the vessel had made twenty-four miles in two hours nnd a half, and as that was considered most satisfactory, tho osptain had tho consideration to turn tho ves sel's head round and put into St. Loonurd's for the purpose of recruiting the exhausted nature of those who were not . accustomed to being tossed about in such an unceremonious manner. On arrival at St. Leonard's jetty, ad vantage was taken of a half hour's run ashore. At tho expiration of that timo the gentlemen returned to tho vessel, and gave unmistakable signs of there being nothing wrong with thoir appetites. They sat down to a most recherche repast, and did ample justice thereto. After . the usual loyal and customary toasts on suoh an occasion were given and re sponded to, orders were given to let go the warps, and at 3.40 p.m. the War Hawk com- * menoed her backward route, which was made in two hours and eight minutes, thus giving an average speed, under favorable circumstances, of fully eleven knots. Messrs Raid, Poole and Co. may' congratulate themselvos on having secured a first-class boat, and one ablo to do credit in any trial sho may be put to. We understand that the dolicato state of Mr Or. Patau Smith's health will render it impos sible for' him to undertake a contest for the re presentation of South Bourke — that is, if there is to bo a contest. The usual weekly meeting of the com- mittee of management of tho Melbourne Hos- pital was held yesterday ; Mr Edward Cohen in the chair. There were also present Messrs Levy, Gillbee, James, Gibbs, Girdlestone, Fenton, Lyons, Hart, and Drs. Motherwell and Knaggs. A letter was read from Dr. Semple informing the committee that he had returned from his leave of absence, and would resume bis duties immediately. The motion of Dr, Motherwell, affirming the advisability of placing four beds at the disposal of each of the assistant physicians and surgeons, was nega- tived. On the motion of Mr Gillbee, seconded by Mr Levy, it was decided to have butter, tea and sugar separately tendered for in future. The following communication was received from Dr. Fitzgerald, in reply to a resolution of the committee passed on the last day of meet- ing, on the motion cf Mr Gibbs : — "Lonsdale- street east, 31st December. J. Williams, Esq., secretary. — Sir, — I have the honor to acknow- ledge the receipt of your letter of the 25th inst., conveying a desire on the part of the committee for information as to the circum- stances which led me to order a certain amount of bottled porter to my patients. In the five cases referred to I ordered a small bottle of porter to each daily (the cost of which is about 4d per bottle). They were all cases requiring it badly. Wine, brandy, or even good tonics, such as quinine, would be much more ex- pensive, and not half so good. One poor patient referred to (Sherlock), suffering from extensive suppuration about hip- joint, has since died from exhaustion, so that the committee will be saved one bottle (4d) per day. But I must say in no other case I submit to the stimulants being removed. In the case of one poor fellow I was obliged to supply the porter at my own ex- pense, to save his limb and life, and happily I succeeded in doing both, but, Sir, I cannot afford to pursue that course in every case. If the hospital cannot afford the sum of 4d per day for the support of bad cases with stimulants it is my opinion that the sooner the number of patients at present in the institution be lessened the better.— I have the honor to be, Sir, your obe- dient servant, THOS. N. FITZGERALD." After some discussion it was resolved, on the motion of Mr Gibbs, to instruct the secretary to in- form Dr. Fitzgerald that the committee could not receive his letter, as they were of opinion that the tenor of it was discourteous ; and that the committee awaited a reply to their former communication. Messrs M. L. King and P. Lalor yesterday introduced te tho Minister of Lands a deputa tion of free selectors from Maddingley, in the neighborhood of Bacchus Marsh, seeking to have part of a reserve in that district do olrrei open for seloction. Mr Ryan, who acted as spokesman, stated that he had presided at a meeting of about 200 persons, held in the local mechanics' institute, whereat ii- was determined, with but three dissentients, ?that the opening up of part of the reserve v\\-ould be a great benefit to tho neighbor hood. Mr Grant said that he' had received a counter memorial, signed by thirty-two petitioners, who represented that the lanct applied for, and which was known as the Maddingley Reserve, had been used for many years as a reserve for recreative pur poses, and also for a drill ground by the local volunteers. Tho petitioners especially urged that the reserve, which was thickly timbered, furnished firewood for the whole surrounding neighborhood. A member of tho deputation, however, stated that ho had been in the local volunteer force for eight years, and that they had a drill-ground elsewhere, which they always used. As to the timbered part of the reserve, known as the Forest, he stated that the deputation had no intention of ap plying to have it opened for selection. Mr King then produced a letter from Mr J . E. Crook, who had taken tho leading action in preparing tho opposition memorial. In this letter Mr Crook stated that he would not oppose the claims of the selectors if they did not trench upon the Forest. Mr Grant having ' read the letter (the writer o! which allowed any use to bo made of it), said that ' he saw no ob stacle to his compliance with tho wishes of tho deputation, especially after the letter just submitted to him. The object of the Go vernment was to settle the people upon the lands, and there was land at Maddingley avail able and suitable for settlement. He would reserve from sale 200 acres for a township, and 100 acres for other purposes, and throw the remainder of the land, about 800 acres, open for seloction. The deputation then thanked Mr Grant for his courtesy, and with drew. The recent contest between Buninyongshiro and the Bungaree Road District Board in refer-, ence to the disputed territory is likely to take a turn not at all pleasant to somo of those interested. An application is, it is said, about to bo mado to the Governor in Council to appoint special auditors, whoso duty it shall be to determine whether funds expended in carrying on the con test were legally disbursed. Shonld a decision in the negative be arrived at, it will throw tho onus of liquidation on those who voted moneys in excess of what they wero authorised by the act to expend. There is an extremely pretty quarrel be tween the borough council and tho town clerk of Clunes, Mr J. H. Smith. Tho dispute seems to have culminated at the lhst meeting ; the Mayor having lifted the rebellious town clerk up in his arms, and carried him outside the council chambers, where he left him. Mr Smith has, however, not yot given up either the koys of the safo, or Iho seal of tho corpor ation, consequently the safe is to be broken open, and Mr Smith snmmoned for not de livering np tho property of the council. Mr Smith, on tho othor hand, intends to institute legal proceedings against the Mayor for as sanltj ond also against the corporation for da mages for being illegally deprived of hia offices. It is said that tho validity of the now rata at Maryborough is about to be tested in a way least expected. ' Hitherto,' says tho jLT. and D. Advertiser, ' our local lawyer has, in tho interests of his clifint of course, assumed the position of the aggressor, and attacked the rate, whieh ho proved to be illegal. It was accordingly npsot, and a new rato struck te supply its place. The council on tha present o«casion, in order to make assuranco doubly sure, have resolved to proceed against any of the ratepayers who refused to pay his rates, particular respect being observed towards wkat, in language moro expressive than elegant, is termed a ' good mark.' The bull was thorefore takon by the liorns, aud tho collector directed to pay the litigant's friend a call, and solicit payment of his rates. A refusal, however, was given in place of the monoy asked for, and this being tho caso, it is stated that the council have determined upon suing tho legal ob' jector.' An important law point was mooted on Monday, in tho Ballarat Polico Court, by Mr M'Cormick, the solicitor, in an interpleader case, in which a tenement on. Crown land had been seized under a magisterial warrant. It was contended by Mr M'Cormick that tho pro perty in question was the creature of tho Mining Statute, nnd that the power to give a title under sale was limited to cases of seizure by virtue of warrants from tho Court of Mines or Warden's Court. As this point affects the practice of the police courts hero, it is of somo importance, aud tho bench wisely deferred the hearing until Friday, when tho police ma gistrate is expected to have returnod.. Horses must be very unprofitable stock to hold, judging from the priccs realised at auc tion yesterday. ? Out of a mob (described in the advertisement as 'very excellent'), sold at Watson's yards, Bourke-street, yesterday, several were knocked down at IOj, 7s 6d, and in one case 5s each ! Tho Albury Banner relates a very strango occurrence which took place near Wodonga on Saturday. Two men wero journeying together on horseback along the old road, and the only account we have recoived of tho .matter is tho following, which wo confess is most unsatisfac tory : — ' Ono man was thrown from his horse, receiving thereby two severe cuts on his head, which rendered him insensible ; whereupon his mato, instead of riding at his utmost speed for a doctor, jumps off his own horse, turns it adrift, mounts the horso of the stunned and helpless man, and coolly continues his journey. After laying exposed to tho scorching sun for nearly three hours, a passer by saw the injured man, and had him conveyed to tho Alburv ilo.-i- ; pital, where, when ho returned to consciousness, he was a raving maniac.- No money or valuables wero found on the wounded man, who is now, we learn, getting better, though his lifo is still in danger. We trust that he may soon be , sufficiently recovered to clear away tho mystery that at present surrounds the affair. Both men are perfect strangers in Albury. The attention of H.R.H. the Duke of Edin burgh has been called somewhat obtrusively of late to' a number of our colonial products — mostly bo it Eaid of a second rate order — by tho ' kindness' of tho manufacturers, in forward ing little doctored rip parcels of their goods. In return, formally scribbled receipts and' thanks' from an equerry come to hand, and tho manu facturer, perchance -of sugar plums or such like trifles, rushes off to a newspaper office, and next morning a blazing prominence is given to tho epistle, which was certainly never intended for such publicity. While somo trades men have adopted this stylo of stuffing their pro ducts into Toorak, others of greater modesty, and possibly of equal merit, 'wait until they are asked,' and vrc havs more than once had oc casion to notice instances showing that H.R.H. has au eye of his own to dis cover o good article. Visitors to tho Inter colonial Exhibition will remember ths ex cellent collection of furs, &c.;, shown by Mr Gardner, of Collins-stroet west. Recently tho attention of H.R.H. has been attraotod by specimons of Mr (and Mrs) Gardner's handi work in tho possession of ladies and gentle meii with whom he has como iu con tact, _ and he consequently callod him self at the establishment, where he ordered a varioty of articles, ono or two of which we have already noticed. In addition to thoso, Mrs Gardner (Mr Gardner being aosent from tho colony) has just finished to H.R.H.'a order an assortment of furs whioh is re .illy mo3t credita ble to our native industry. These articles in clude a very beautiful black and white spotted catskin victorino and muff, intended, we be lieve, aa a pfesent for her Majesty the Queon, and manufactured entiroly from the fur of tho Victorian native cat. Tho muff is, without doubt, one of the prettiest over seen. Thore are, besides, finely worked up coats of .black Tasmanian and silver-grey opossum furs, a pair of fur mocassins (for the Princess' of Walos), foot muffs, slippers and caps, gloves, &c.;, -fcc. The Duke has also purchased from Mrs Gardner an immense col lection of 'Stuffed animals, including platipi and othor quadrupeds, with specimens of all the principal varieties of birds. An inquest on the body of Mr Robert Upston, whese death from drowning in Corio Buy has already been reported, was held yesterday at the Steam Paokct Hotel, before Dr. Shaw, coroner. Tho ovidence of Mr L.vnble, the ownor ot tho boat, and tho last person who saw the deceased alive ; of Mr Jus. Sinclair, har bor-master's boatman, who discovered the mast of tho boat abovo water, half a mile from whsro it started from ; and of constable Band, who took the body from tho mast,' occupied about throe hours, and tallied closely with what has been already stated in thoso columus. In summing up, the coronor remarked that tho action of Mr Sinclair in first discovering the position of the wreok by means of his glass from Limebumer's Point was perfectly cerroct, as by his doing so tho harbor-master's boat was enabled to steer straight for it instead of sailing about tho bay for hoars. Ho said it was quite ovident that life had been extinct at least two hours previous to his sighting the mast, as from the high sea running over it the deceased could not have clung to it for more than twenty minutes. Previous to the jury returning a verdict, Mr Sinclair begged, to call the attention of. the coroner to the fact that tho body was net risiblo to him when he discovered tho mast, as had baen reported by tho papers. It wa3 not until the boat got within a few yards of tho wreck that it was seen, its back barely yisiblo in the wash, the head and arms hanging down, und tho feet and legs twiuod round tho mast at about, its centre. The jury, after a few momenta' consultation, returned a verdict of accidental death. The boats from tho harbor master's department were again engaged all yesterday drag ging for the' body of the other unfor tunate man, Robinson, but without success. During the day some fishermen visitod the wreck, and on lifting tho stern, satisfied them selves that when tho squall struck the boat tho sail was made fast, a fact which, in their minds, fully accounts for the disaster. The Ballarat Post has been requested, in furtherance of the ends of justice, to state that tho polico aro making inquiries for tho follow ing persons as witnesses on the trial of Rulo and Oates, for the murder of Mnrsden, on tlio night of the 12tli of Doc ember, they haying been present at the time of the brutal assault: — Tho first is a man, name unknown, said to bo a bricklayer, livo . feet eight inches high, fair hair and complexion, fair whiskers, worn all round the chin ; said to have gone toward s Lake Lear month. Tho others are a man named Harnett and his wife, tho former of whom is about five feet eight and a half inches in height, dressed in dark tweed trousers, vest of Bamo sort, and checked shirt, nnd minus a coat, Hoalsoworo a black Btiff crowned hat, and presented generally a shabby appearance. He has grey hair, and whiskers all round the chin. The latter is of a ruddy complexion with fair hair, her face being much disfigured by a scrofulous affection. They had two children, ono an infant in arms and another n. boy of six years. Any ono obtaining infor mation of these parlies should at once com municate with tho police authorities. We havo Sydney advices to tho 28th of De. cember, but, as usual, tho most interesting news has been anticipated by telegram. Apropos of tlio influential meeting hold at Scott'B Hotel on Monday, with referonco to the disposal of onr surplus meats, we aro glad to find that ono of our principal wholesale trades men — Mr George Petty — hns presented a quan tity nf his mess beef to Thomas Bradbridge, paymaster of H.M.S. Galatea, as a sample of what tho colony can produco in this, important article, for the use of the royal navy. Mr Bradbridgo has consented to give it a fair trial, both with the officers aad crew, and to report upon it to tho Purveyor-General of tho British navy. We trust that from the roputation of Mr Petty's cured meats, this may lead to an excollent market for colonial mess beef, both for the royal and mercantile navies of Great Britain. The Gazette announces that, at a meeting of the Executive Council on tho 20th of Decem ber, the existing divisions of the Gipp3 Land Mining District wero abolished, and tho fol lowing soven new divisions wero created in lieu thereof : — Oineo, one member ; Mitchell River, one member; Crooked River, two members; Jericho, two members ; Donnelly's Creek, ono member ; Stringer's Creek, two members ; Russell's Creek, one member. Election news will for somo time bo toler ably abundant, if not always reliable. Says tho Geelong Advertiser : — ' A requisition wo learn is now in course of signature in tho Barrabool nills district for Mr John Elkington to stand for the representation of South Grant in tho Assembly.' The Ballarat Courier under stands that Mr Eddy will come forward nt tho general election as a candidate for Ballarat East, in tho Ministerial interest. Our contemporary makes rather an impor tant statement respecting the aileged candidature of Mr Thomas Russell : — ' Wo are authorised to state that Mr Thomas Russell's announcement of his coming forward in the Ministerial intorest is not correct, as this gentleman is perfectly aware that his views aro entirely opposed to those of tho Ministry on the question of- the £20,000 to Sir Charles Darling. Had his views been in unison with those of tho Ministry and tho electors, he would not now be opposed. It is, therefore, a stretch of the imagination, or an invention, to assert that he comes forward as n supporter of the Ministry. From Mr Russell's well-known respectability, it is presumed that he has no desire to sail under false colors, and will thera foro withdraw tho assumption as to his being a , Ministerialist, as the only recognised condi dntes in the Ministerial interest are the two sittiDg members— Sir F. Murphy and Mr. H. Henty.' We regret to learn that a child named Mary Harrington, between eleven and twelvo years old, has been missing from her home, G Fara day-street, Carlton, since Boxing Day. When last seen sho wore a grey sloth jacket, white straw hat (with puggaree), brown wincey frook, and leather boot3 'laced in front. She hia a round face, slightly freckled, dark brown hair, and is rather tall for hor age. Wo havo Hobart Town and Lauuceston files to the 27tli of December, but tho news is meagro. The inquest on tho body of Ellen Moriarty was resumed ou Saturday morning at the Council Chambers, Longford, ou the 21st December,' before C. Arthur, Esq., coroner. The accused Daniel Connor and Ann Macdonald wore present in custody. The following facts came out in evidence : — Tho deceased with Connor and Macdonald left Mr Clarke's Rail way Hotel together at about a quartor to nine on Monday evening. On the following morn ing when Murnano went to his work he found tho body of the deceased near the racecourse ; ho immediately gave information to tho super intendent of police, who want down to the body, and afterwards arrostod the accused. Dr. Eaton described tho wounds, which were of a frightful character, aud stated that one of thom must havo caused almost instant death. It was provod that Connor left his bedding at a house at Primrose-hill at sovon o'clock on the Monday eveniug, and called for it again shortly after daylight on Tuesday morning. On tho Saturday previons to tho murder ho was seen with a knife in his possession. Thero were slight stains on ' tho wristbands of the prisoner's shirt, which appeared to bo blood stains partially washed out. In consequence of a witness, whoso evidence was material, being intoxicated, and in order to givo the polioo time to make further soarch, the inquest was adjourned to Monday, the 30th ult. Thoso citizens of S mdhurs t who are in favor of erecting a monument to the memory of the children who recently perisbod in the model of the Galatea, held a 'meeting on Monday, pre sided ovor by Dr. Wall. Mr Blackham pro posed the following resolution, which was se conded by Mr Ryan and- carried:—' That a petition from tho burgesses bo presented to the Mayor of Sandhurst, requesting him to couvone ft public meeting upon a convenient date, relative to the late accident on board the model ship Galatea, and for the purpose of appointing a committee to carry out tho wishes of the said meeting.' Mr C. Houston proposed, and Mr Georgo Brown .seconded, ' That this meeting hereby empowers Mr Blackham to have an interview with the Mayor, und present the memorial in accordance with tho foregoing resolution.' Carried. It was decided, if possible, to have the meeting called for Monday, tho 6th January, at the Town Hall, Sandhurst. In tho caso of Falvey v. Reilly, heard in tho County Court yesterday, the plaintiff, a cor poration contractor, sought to recover £5, money lent to tho defendant, late city, sur veyor. Tho action had been before the court on a previous occasion, tho present being a new trial. The defendant denied that the money had ever been lout, and the plaintiff was nnablo to pridaco a receipt, although he stated that the dofendant gave him one which was unfor tunatoly lost. The only evidence in point was that of the plaintiff and defendant, no third poinon being present at the time of tbe alleged transaction, which took place in apnblic houso. Tho statements were of such a conflicting na ture that ono conclusion only could be arrived at — somebody was drunk, but it was hard to say who. Judge Pohlmnn found for tho defen dant. Mr Robert M'Call, of Ballarat, sharobroker, &c.;, recently prosecuted and noquitted on tho charge sf swindling a number of gentlemen of the ' Cornor,' filed his schedule yesterday, with debts amounting to £4196 and assets to £308. The principal cause of insolvency is sot down as tho investment of £3500 of his wife's money in shares, which turned out to bo wertliloss. Tho inque=t on tho body of John Robion, who was killed by the uufortunato boiler ox plosion at Mr Savage's farm, at Springfield, has been concluded. The jury returned a ver dict ' That the deceased camo by his doath through tho bursting of the boiler, and that such bursting was caused by tho safety-valve being Etuck, which should have been remodied by the ongine- drivor, Allan Dunn (since de ceased), and that he was consequently to blame ; but thero was not sufficient ovidonco to warrant them in returning a verdict of man slaughter.' An examination of persons desirous of being licensed to impart instruction in drawing in common schools will be held at the office of the Board of Education, on Saturday, 25th January, 1868, at two o'clock, p.m., when all persons who wish to qualify themselves are re quired to attend. The following subjects will form the basis of examination : — 1. Practical geometry (sections 2 and .5, Gleig's school se ries). 2. Free hand drawings from flat ex amples. 3. Model drawing. Candidates will be allowed to present themselves free of charge, but those who pass the examination must pay a fee of £2 2s before they can be licensed to teach. A notorion-3 convict, named John Smith, who rejoices in numerous aliases, and who has received several long sentences for various offences, was arrested last evening for being illegally at large. He is suspected of being concerned in several robberies that havo re cently taken place in Molbourne. It is notified that on and after the 1st January, 1SG8, and until further notice, single aud return tickets will be issued at tho Butts Station to Melbourne aud St. Kilda respec-. tively; also periodical tickets to Melbourne. Return tickets will be issued at Emerald-hill Station for St Kilda Baths. An order in Conncil, published in iho Gazette, directs that the poll be taken at elections of members of the Mining Board for the mining district of Gipps Land, in the several divi sions thereof, at the respective places here inafter mentioned, viz. : — In tho Omco di vision, at Livingstone Creek and Wombat Creek ; in tho Mitchell River division, nt Baimsdale, Swift's Creek and Allanvalo; in the Crooked ? River division, at Grant nnd Dai-go ; iu the Jericho division, at J-richo ; in the Donnelly's Creek division, at Donnelly's ? Creek; in the Stringer's Creek division, at Stringer's Creek, Sale and Rosedalo ; iu the Russell's Creek division, at Traralgon and Rus sell's Creek. . It is announced in the Gazette that at a meeting ef the Executive Council, on the 24th of December, the following places and times wero appointod for holding the several Circuit Courts of Victoria during 1868 :— At Ararat, on Tuesday, 18th February ; Tuesday, 21st July. At Ballarat, on Friday, 21sfc February ; Wednesday, 22nd April; Friday, 24th July ;.| Tuesday, 6th October. At Beochworth, on Friday, 17th April ; Wednesday, 14th Octo- j ber. At Belfast, ou Thursday, 13tli February ; Thursday, 16th July. At. Castlemaiuo, on Friday, 14th February; Friday, 21th July. At Geelong, on Monday, 27tn April ; Monday, 12th October. At Maryborough, on Tuesday, 11th February ; Tuesday, 21st July. At Sale, on Thursday, 16tli April ; Friday, 23rd Oc tober. At Sandhurst, on Tuesday, 28th April ; Thursday, 8th October. Among the more important appointments in dicated in tho Gazette, Matthew Brisbane, Esq., J.P., is appointed a coronor of Viotoria, and to act at St. Arnaud, vice E. J. Locke, Esq. ; Messrs Lesley A. Moody and John Stea venBon as chairman and doputy-cliairman re spectively of tho Tender Board ; and Henry Boyne Nicholas to bo, temporarily, aa officer and agent of the Crown, to enter upon and re possess any Crown lands leased for gold mining purposes, and to expel therefrom the lessess or their representatives for violation or non-, .performance of the conditions of their respec tive leases, or in cases where tho Governor in Council shall declare any such lease to be void and forfeited. A littlo amusoment was caused nt the East Collingwood Police Court yesterday, by tho eccontricity of a witness in a caso of unlaw fully removing a fenco. On being asked, iu oross-oxamination by Mr Edwards, whether ho was not once summoned by the plaintiff in tho present caso for using abusive language, he ox claimed, after a littlo consideration and -\vith gratitude glowing in his countenance, ' Oh, yes, I was, and you took mo out ef that. I owe you a vote for that.'. It is noted that Dr. Berncastle, the occulist, has removed from'Sydney to Mel bourne. The Bam. or the German Gymnastic As soc'iation (Turn verein) takes place this even ing, at Hockin's Hotel. The Theatre Rotal was very well attended last night, and the audience manifested very Jieartily their appreciation of the pcrformap.ee, Asylum foii the Blind. — The collector for tho Asylum ;tnd School for the -Blind begs to acknowledge the receipt of the following sums : — Mr Hugh Glass, £1 Is ; Richmond Borough Council, £5 ; Emerald-liill Borough Council, £5; Rev. Mr M'Donald, 10s; Rev.' Mr Dar ling, 10s ; total, £12 Is. v Accidents. — A man named Thomas M'E wan was admitted to the Melbourne Hospital yes terday, suffering from an injury 'to his right knee, caused by the kick of a horse. A woman named Ellen Cennell, who had fallen 1 out of a car, and had her right thigh brok6n by the wheel passing over it, was also odtaitted to the hospital. The Japanese repented their wonderful per formances last evening, nt the Princess Theatre, in the presence of an audience filling tho house in every part. The interest and desire to soo these clover artistos daily increases, and there can bo no doubt that for some weeks to como they will bo tho leading attraction in Melbourne amusements. The Foundation Stone of tho Methodist New Connexion Church, Church-street, North Richmond, will bo laid by the lion. J. G. Fran cis, M.P., this evening, at five o'clock p.m. After the above ceremony a public tea meeting will be hold in n marquee, adjoining the Baker street ohurch ; C. Stewart, Esq., M.D., Mayor of Richmond, will preside. Addresses will be delivered by tho Rev. Jas. Maughan, of Ade laide, Rev. Clement Linloy, and other gentle men. Mb and Mbs George Case gave their clever aud amusing entertainment of ' Odds ' nnd Ends' at tho Polytechnic Hall, last evening, for the first time this season. As on previous occasions, Mrs Case was most successful in im personating tho various characters in' the piece, and the audience was very demonstrative in thoir applause. At ]the close of the entertain ment, Mr Case exhibited the ' Protean Cabinet,' and gave an explanation of the illu sion, but as ho expressed a wish that tho secret of the mystery should not bo mado public through tho press, we refrain from giving the particulars. *A New Distiller v. — A proclamation in tho Government Gazette indicates the following promises as a place wherein tbe business of a distiller or rectifier and compounder of spirits may bo carried on : — Distillery - promises situated on the south bank of tho river Y arra, near Princo's-fcridgo, being allotment ? Y, parish of South Melbourne, county of Bourke, commencing at the north angle of tho allot ment, boing a point bearing south 63 deg. west, fifty links from tho west nngle of allot ment X, nnd bounded on tho north-east by a roadway fifty links wide, bearing south 27 deg. east fivo chains seventy-four links ; on the south-oast by a line bearing south 86 deg. west tbreo chains forty-two links ; on the south-west by a lino bearing north 27 dog. west seven c'. iins twenty-eight links ; and on the north-west by a lino bearing north 63 deg. east, threo chains eight links to tho com mencing point. ENTERTAixjrENT at Hawthoiu*. — Ou Mon day evening, tho usual half-yearly distribu tion of prizes for Christian doctrine took place at Hawthorn. About 100 children were pro sent, many of whom received a haudsomo book as n testimony of proficiency. Tho. Rev. E. Nolan, S.J., presidod and distributed the prizes. The children woro then regaled with a sumptuous entertainment, generously pro vided at tho cost of the ladies of the district. This was followed by a magic lantern exhibition given with great effect by Mr Cook ; tho repeated plaudits of the young Australians showed how thoroughly they cn joyod it. Somo excellent songs by Mr M. O'Grady, Rev. E. Nolan, M. Lynch, &ct;, wound up the evening's ' entertainments. We must not forget to notico that many of the prizes awarded were the gifts of tho gentlemen of Hawthorn. Amongst thoso present we ob served the Mayor of Hawthorn and Mrs Walsh ; the Rov. J. Dalton, S.J. ; W. H. Archo r, Esq., Registrar-General, and Mrs Archer ; Mrs C. G. Duffy aud family ; Mr nnd Mrs Hepburn, Mrs Conran, Mr and Mrs Geary, Mr and Mr3 Iluverty, tho Misses O'Brien, the Misses Lynch, Miss Burke, tha Misses Mahony, &c.; Gaubineu District Festival. — This meet ing took place yesterday, at Malvern-liill. The grown-up people as well as tho children of tho district took part in tho fete. Tho nc ccssary funds wero provided by subscription in tho district, and abundant material was pro vided to furnish forth tho feast. Each child on tho ground was presented with a commemo rative medal of tho Prince's visit, and of those one hundred and fifty wero the gift of Mr Stokes. An excellent dinner was provided free, for all the inhabitants of the district pro sent, which was supplied by Mr Haywood of the Gardiner Hotel. There was an abundance of'it, and it seemed to be thoroughly onjoyed. Quoits, swings, and other means of nmnsement were provided, and racing and jumping matchoa took place, for tho winners of , which prizes had been provided nnd wero j duly distributed. The children's prizes con sisted of pretty and useful toys. One style of racing, which seems peculiar to the boys of Gardiner,^ nnd which was suggestive of Paul Blartiuctti, was what they termed the frog race. [ Running on all fours, thoy made flying leaps at a stretcbod cord, and one little follow took tho | fence cleverly when it had been elevated to j three feet Mr Henry, chairman of the road [ board, assisted by other gentlemen belonging I to the district, took an active part in the day's | proceedings, aud tho young and old assembled seemed equally to fling themselves heartily into the spirit of the meeting, and do their utmost to make it the success it was. NoirrncoiE Children's Fete. — Kirk's p ad dock, Northcote, was the scene, on Monday last, of ono of the most interesting and suc cessful fetes given in honor of H.R.H. the Duke ef Edinburgh. All the children residing in the district were invited, nnd notwithstand ing tho inclemency of the weather, a very large number assembled. The provisions, which were of great variety and of unlimited supply, wero served in a very handsome and spacious marquee, capable of .holding from five to six hundred people, and kindly lent for tho occa sion. The_ mcrry-go-round was a source of great attraction ; Aunt Sally received her usual share of ill-usage; dancing and the in evitable kiss in tho ring wero kept up with great spirit, the latter Ju a stylo that -would have, .made Josh Billings's mouth water. Tlio prizes for run ning, -tc., numbered about one hundred, vary ing from a doll or a pocket knife to n hand some copy of Shakspearc, Mooro or Long fellow. Much amusement was created by an Old Buffers' race, nnd a race between Light weights and Heavy -weights, in which the latter came off victorious. Tho Industrial Schools band gave great satisfaction by their industry, capital playing uuil general demeanor. _ Great praise is duo to tho inhabitants for their liber aiity, and to tho committee of management, ladies and gentlemen, for their untiring exer tions in providing a day's amusement long to bo remembered. 