CHRIBTOHCnRGH SCHOOLROOM. The foundation-stone of Christchurch School roem was laid on Saturday afternoon, Septem ber 2»5, by Mrs. Hamley, the lady of His Ex cellency the Acting Governor: The site of the proposed building is in Jeffcott-street, nearly opposite' Christchurch^ and it was indicated by a number of gay nags.' The time-fixed for the ceremony was half-past 3 o'clock, and as that time approached a very hit ge number of persons, including manyinfluential lady and gentleman colonists^ 'assembled.- Just prior to- the. cere monyra number of the Sunday-school scholars marched front the church to the western boun dary of the new school-roota, where a platform was erected for their accommodation. A num ber of : 'clergypien-^ilie Very 'Bev. the Dean, ihW Venerable Arcbdeacpn .Marryat, Revs. G. rDbve,:p; iJ. H. Ibbetspn; J. Pollitt, H. M. PoUitt,' ? G: IJoyer H. Hewitt, ^T. R. Neville, ^— Green,. ^-Jenkins,.?'. Garrett, and W. B. Andiews-- also took up a position within the *bpe lines/.and shortly afterwards His Excel lency' arid Mrs. Hamley, ' accoinpaiiied by Mis Lotashiptlie Bishop of Adelaide (Dr. Short), the R4v. ' panpn.Tarjr, Mrs. Sho'rt, ]|Iiss 'Short, and a large iaity of ladies and' gentlemen, arrived frott'Bishbp'sCpnrfc1 .An' order of : service ior laying'the foundation-stone of the school; which hkd besn pftpared for the occasion;,. was then' cpmmenced. Hymn 164 was sung, and the1 122nd psalm was chanted, after rwbich the Yen; Arcnideacpn read/prayerkr' cPsabn:l27 having l^been' chanted, 'the* Yen!.' Archdeacbii read a document, bf which the fPllowiiigiB-aScopy :— -?'.'UlTl«B 'founaation-stpiDfe of Chriatehiirch School was laid in the name' of the Father, and' of . th'e: Soji; and1 of the Holy Ghost, on Satur ^y^hs^.tn dky 6f September, xb. 186?,; by Jtt^, ; feintey, ; 'wife Pf : - His' 'Excellency- theJ Acting Gp^erfipri' in the 32nd;ye;arjif the reign 'bf ^juee'n 'Yi^adk, in the 22nd of the Episco pate '$-f*VAn^iutuk, Lprd' ' Bislipp of Adelaide, and,M tne 32nd of ^'the''fbundation of the, .pp)oiy^plc^elHi^ey.;5PthB^^menHQue^^ tiw&j; ?b;ei^.AfetiBg:-%)yernpr. of ' this ?.province ; C|uaTieii^ -!&Ucrya1i;,;' T&-&1, .Archdeacon pf ' Ade laide, being Incumbent of ' Christchurch ; ? J. Winnall, J.. S. -33el!house, ! Wardens ; Messrs. Mitchell,' WicksteeaV-and Gawler, Sidesmen; Messrs. F.; Sanderson, Bath, W. A. Hughes, and -G.) ITohng,. Synodsinen.; ? the Lord .Bishop, M. JttacBfermott,: H.,-Gawler, :.W.;- Bartleyj-Fi ' J. Sanderson, Trustees^ Of this school Archdeacon Marryat, Messrs. F. J. Sanderson, J. 'Winnall, J. S. Beilhouse were the Building Committee ; Messrs. Wright, Woods,: & Hamilton, archi tects ; G. .Bradley^ ..builder.. /.God bless the Church. - God save the Queen.' . ? : The document was. then placed in a bottle; which- was deposited in a cavity, and the stone having been partly, lowered, Mrs. Hamley spread' the mortar wifliia.TBUver trowel^ pre sented todier on the occasion, and the stone having; been '.embedded in the mortar and adjusted, Mrs; Hamley. gave the orthodox taps with a mallet and said,, ' I declare, this stone to .lje^ well : and truly laid, . jp. the name of the 'Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy .{xhbst.' . After prayer .ja'collectipn was 'made, the Arebdeacon intmating that; £500 was re-' quired to complete the building, and during .this interval tbe 229th hymn was sung. Prayer: -followed, after wbicb the Ven.- Archdeacon *ug gesfced that they should sing the 222nd hymn, which although a prayer for those in peril at sea, -might -appropriately be . siing on that -occasion, when two' ladies jt|ttrs.; and Miss Short) who had recently been upon tbe sea were amongst them that day... The nymri naving been song accordingly, His Lord ship the Bishop saidne thanked the Archdeacon and Incumbent of that paiisn for his kind allusion to the return to these shores of his dear wife -and daughter. : He could not but feel doubly thankful not only for his domestic hap piness being ap much increased, by the return of ; those , nearest and dearest to fiim, but also be-a j^is |hey had r,eturn€jd in iame tpLbe present onlthe auspicious occasion of laying tbe fpunda tjon,-stone of a school for' the instruction of future young Australians. God was the founda tion of all bapp iness, 'and there was.no happi ness Without goodness. HayiDg enlarged this t'hbujjhi. His Lordship said there was another subject in the selection, of the Psalms that day. It. was that peace might be within these walls and pientebusness within these palaces. Oh ! what was this world without that peace within, ilsuiBgin peace without? and how could they expect a blessing on their efforts, temporal, jgpiritnaL or ecclesiastical, unless the peace of God was shed abroad in their hearts ? As God in His mercy had brought in safety to their naven those whom he loved dearest on earth, so he trusted that that would be an omen that He wouldjaiso speak peace to the troubled heai:t and; still the -waters, and.' waves which had; carried; some little trouble into their com munity. . Let them bury all the past. in the present - Let them forget everything which had given them offence. Looking at the ?objects for which the building they had com menced was designed, he prayed that peace might abide; within '.those walls, and great plenteousness, and that the new. schoolroom be made a gieat. blessing. During His Lord sbip'sjaddreBS, a lady was taken suddenly ill and had to be carried away, which caused a little . excitement for a . shori . time. . . His Lordship baving pronounced the blessing,, the formal pro ceedings I terminated. IBefbre separating, now-, ever, b.earty xsheers ware given if or His Excel lency^Lieut.'-Colonel Hamley. It may iere be re marked: that the interior. dimensions of the new efeuotnre;.wiU be 60 x ,30 x 25 feet high. It will, be built of rubble stone with brick dress ings^.; There will be a porch and -a verandah on the «ast end facings the street, and a three-light window above. A bellcote -spire: will be built at the south-east corner. The estimated cost is £970, and it is expected to be completed in about three months. Messrs. Wright, Woods, and Hamilton are the architects, and Mr. George Bradley the contractor. The amount realised by the collection waa- between £34 and £35. 