Mk MONTGOMERY'S LOUIS XL Adelaide playgoing is very spasmodic. It delights in alternate spurts and reactions. On Tuesday night the house, though far above average, was a contrast to that of Monday. There were more empty seats, less excitement, and, generally speaking, an inferior turn-out It may be accounted for by the piece being less familiar than most of those with which Mr. Montgomery's reputation is associated. But his impersonation has effectually removed that drawback. He has raised the villanous old Valois to the level of his best creations, and made him a- household word for all time coming. From Hamlet to Louis XI. is astride which not every tragedian is capable of taking, nor every audience capable of appreciating. The one stands at the extreme of idealism, the other at the extreme of realism. Hamlet is a creature of Shakspeare's brain, the quintessence of vacue traditions glorified by a poet's fancy. Louis XI. is an historical personage so decided and boldly marked in himself, that no dramatist has been able to move him an inch from his historical groove. Sir Walter Scott has given a portrait of him in 'Quentin Durward' which might have, been taken from the life. Victor Hugo hss exhausted his ingenuity in re vealing the darker traits of his character, but without making him a whit the worse or the more repulsive than his professed biographers. The life of Louis XL was a natural tragedy- his reign was a long series of tragedies. A King who did as much for France as Charlemagne or Henry IV., but whom France loves least of all the Valoia. One of the finest intellects of his time he perverted through the sheerest selfishness— the greatest powers he applied to the basest purposes. Through treachery he rose to an unprecedented height of tyranny, and treacherous to the last his tyranny overshot its mark. He had reduced all the doctrines of Machiavelli to practice before Machiavelli committed them to paper. He had outwitted the rude diplomacy of the fifteenth century; he had trodden out the last embers of mediaeval violence in France; he had laid the foundation of monarchical govern ment as it was understood before the revolution; he had formed a nation out of a conglomeration of rival Duchies- all before Machiavelli had conceived a thought about the art of governing. Louis XI would have been an enigma had con temporary history not studied him so carefully and commemoratel him so faithfully. As it is, he is still a paradox. With the most enlightened aims he combined the utmost disregard of means. A policy which would have done credit to the nineteenth century he prosecuted in a spirit and with ap pliances that would have disgraced the ninth. He could cherish a noble ambition, and stoop to the meanest form of gratifying it He could appreciate goodness, and in his own life deliberately prefer wickedness. He could act the miser in an age of generosity. He could keep his assassins and his poisoners in an age of chivalry. He could build dungeons and invent iron cages, while other men were looking for the dawn of modern liberty. If the Pythagorean doctrine were to be believed in the souls of Louis Napoleon and of the late King Bomba might be supposed. to have existed at the close of the fifteenth century in one body, and that body would have been Louis XI' s. Within it were assembled the avarice of our Henry VIL, the arrogance of Henry VIII., the bigotry of Catholic Mary, the sagacity of Elizabeth, the meanness of James I., the bigotry of Charles I., and a heartless cynicism which could not be understood in England. Louis XI was a man whom some would call a genius, and others crack brained ; some a sceptic, and others a bigot; some a great administrator, and others a selfish tyrant; some an enterprising reformer, and others a narrow-minded pedant; some a spendthrift, and others a miser. All these epithets would have had a certain amount of truth in them. They were at least sufficiently true to constitute Louis XI a paradox. \- The drama represents him in the closing years of his life: struggling, in fact, against the only enemy he has ever feared to face, and never hopeu to circumvent. The King is dying in his favourite palace of Tournay, in a miserable room above the duuseons in which he has buried alive so many of his fallen foes. Morally as well as physically his power is trembling in his hands. The iron sceptre quivers, and the haughty nobles on whose neck it hss been laid so heavily begin to raise their heads as that of the King declines. The world is whirling away from him, and as he feels himself reeling on his throne all his characteristic passions are arou -:ed within him. One time he is imperious and cynical as of old, the next he is terror-stricken and superstitious. From spurning his attendants with kingly disdain he turns to lick the feet of his physician, imploring a few hours more of life. These contrasts grow in intensity and interest as the end approaches. The dramatist's power rise3 along with them until all reach an impressive, almost borrowing climax. Louis XL has one defect as an historical drama— the abseuce of sustained declamatory effort. It is trauic iu its action rather than in its diction, and had it been written within the last t\\-,ZM years the author might have p-eferrcd to call it a melo drama. Eve u now it might be more correctly spoken of as sensationalized history, in quality no less than in style it is a doubtful associate for the classic tragedies of the English stage. The centre figure is almost everything in it— a monster surrounded by puppets. There is nothing here inconsistent with its popularity among distin guished tragedinn?. They prefer the centre figures, which loom forth in half solitary grandeur. Louis XI. pre-eminently gratifies such apreference. Royalty has all its own way to the last, and the minor characters exist bnt for their DrincinaL as tne U reucn uourt uxmeu But iur lmuis. j. ue uci.ur who undertakes such a rQle must have lar/e mental resources, endlesg versatility, aud self reliance. He must be able to compress a whole plot into his individual part; to represent com plete situations in his own person. That, we con ceive, is the reason why Louis XL figures so frequently in star engagements, aud so seldom among ordinary stock pieces. To 8..y that Mr. Montgomery exhibited all the requisite qualifications of a good Louis would be commonplace. He made it a magnificent character ? an artistic study, a spectacle and a draoiatic cieation all in one. What was most notable iu it was his pantomimic skill. In Hamlet his elocu tion had charmed the audience into forgetfulness of his subsidiary talents. Unless in the ghost scene it was hardly noticed how much he could accomplish apart from his voice. While he seemed only to be declaiming as other actors declaim— but infinitely better-he w^s d-ihi£ a uozen other things beside. His countenance glowed, and his every limb trembled with sup pressed passion. By the most artistic aud ex pressive ge&tures; he gave visible form to the agonies of revenge and grief that rent his eoul. Kven in repose he was still artistic. There was a fascination in his face and a significance in his ooks which rendered it impossible for him to be en the stage without influencing his audieuce. Standing as an auditor in the background, he re flected all that passed around him. and the reflec tion was preferred to the original. In 'Louis XL' the manifestation of his talents was of a contrary order— the elocution was subordinated to the action. Merely to look like what history represents Louis XL to have been at this period requires no common skill. The decrepitude of age had to be tempered with the dignity of royalty. The smouldering wickedness of the past had to be contrasted with the hypocritical penitence which had its eye upon the future. The chanpeful moods of an erratic dictatorial tyrant, who knew no will but his own, had to be displayed in their rapid abrupt sequence. Mi. Montgomery made a speciality of tluj. He has great physiognomic power, but somp(hii-3 even more remarkable than its range is the rapltltiy of its variation. His features can check them silve3 in the expression of au emotion, and turn it into something opposite. Louis would be bullying the one moment, then' a sudden idea would seem to strike him, ami he would change his cue to cajolery. A word would freeze his soul with terror, and auother would mike it leap for j'iy. Flattery would pour from his tongue while his face was toward his victim: but almost before lie had turned himself he would assume a glare of fiendish treacherous malice. A different set of transitions had'to be' executed slowly, and in these Mr. Montgomery would show every phase of the process. Kor instance, when Louis was listening to the txili} defiances of Nemours his colour came and sent, his eyes darted hither and thither, his features shrunk together, and expanded in unison with the motions of his mind. It could lie seen that t-lje King was not only listening to the defiance, but meditating the answer he ihould return to it. He was digest ing every ungracious word and speculating on its ulterior motive. The growth of his thoughts waa seen in his countenance as if it had been the very mirror of his soul. ixiuis waa exruuueu m many guises, ana in all Mr. Montgomery rendered him as repulsive as Victor Hugo himself could desire. He first came ipon the stage in a fury at Count de Drewx, which itfbrded him the only declamatory effjrt in the pby. In his vituperation he raved and stamped and ground his toothless gum«, the very image of the unreasoning unappeasable frenzy of dotage. In his audience with the envoy of the i)ake of Burgundy his eyes glisteued with suspicion, and his face assumed all the hues of deceitful cunning. In his interview with Tristan afferward^, when a vile plot is to be laid against the envoy in order to recover the treaty which Louis had signed in apparent good faith, the pantomime was exquisite. Hint by him was slovrly dropped to the Provost Marshal— each illustrated by some appropriate gesture — until a pictorial representation of throat-cutting completed the understanding be tween the two worthies. But the emotional climax was reserved for the fourth act— for the frightful cowering beneath ihe aagger of Nemours, and the ghastly agony of the death-bed. There Mr. Montgomery had splendid scope to show his mastery over the baser passions. His terror of death made a perfectly hideous spectacle. Ordinary actors can only disgust us when they attempt to realize such situa tions. Mr. Montgomery rivetted attention, and the more hideous his passion became the more the eyes of the audience were strained upon it— it seemed so real. On the ground of originality there is not so much to say for Louis as for Hamlet. But in artistic completeness and consistency they may rank together above all that we have been accus tomed to dignify by the name of tragedy. There is in both a wonderful display of intelligence in the conception and of care in the execution. Both fulfil the ideal which every student of Shakspeare or of Victor Hugo carries in his mind. They do more than that, for they expand aud strengthen it. Though we have spoken of the subsidiary cha racters as puppets in comparison with the centre figure, it would be an injustice not to admit that they were well cast. Mr. Rogers had a smooth easy role in Costier, and it would be a small com pliment to him to tay that he succeeded in it After the true and skilful rendering which he gave on Monday of that much-abused and befooled character, Polonius, it would have been impossible to fail in such a stop-gap as Coitier. Mr. Holloway, aa the Duke de Nemoura, carried off the palm in declamation, and his friends aloft rewarded him with a call before the curtain. Mr. Gladstone (a new appearance) showed to advantage as Tristan, the Provost-Marshal; and Mr. Ureville's Marcel wm of necessity a very funny peasant in his way. To-night there is good hope of a brilliant dress circle again, as Mr. Montgomery is announced for two characten-Benedek and Don Cesar de Kazan. Should tbete not be deemed attractive enough, the faahionabW world will please ohr-crvethat it is 