THE MELBOURNE SPRING MEETING 1808\. . First Day, Thursday, November 5. I From the Argus of the 6th and 7th instant, the Launceston Times abridge the following report of the first two days' races. After describing the journey down to the Flemington Course and the appearance of the ground, where the attendance appears to have been fully as large as on previous occasions, it goes on to describe the contest for the Cup After parading in front of the stand, the competitors (twenty-four in number) marched to the post, from whence after a slight delay caused by the fractiousness of Lantern and Shenandoah, they were despatched to a pretty even start, of which Tim Whiffler had all the worst. Booyoolee refusing to go with his horses was left behind. The first to show in advance were Barwon and Shenandoah, both of whom made strong running past the stand, followed by Little Fish, Mr. Tait's two, and Ragpicker, Tim Whiffler following in the ruck. Rounding the turn, Mr. Cleeland s two maintained the pride of place, and still further increased their lead as they went along the back of the course, Mary Ann lying third, and and Little Fish, Ragpicker, and several others hanging out signals of distress: Ncaringthe abat toirsjBurwon began to fall back, but the grey mare still carried on the running, and so strong was she going that many imagined she would never be headed, " Will they ever catch her ?" resound- ing from all sides. Soon, however, the yellow garb of John Tait was seen forging to the front, and just as the scraping sheds were reached, Glencoe, going as strong as a lion, made a fine effort, and deprived Shenandoah of the lead, Strop also coming with a grand rush as they swept into the straight, from which point the race was never in doubt, the chesnut apparently having it in hand all the way home, and his success was loudly proclaimed as the rails opposite the carriage paddock were reached. But Strop came again, and for a moment looked dangerous ; it was but for a moment, however, for Stanley shook his horse, and he won cleverly by a length, amidst tremendous excitement, Shenandoah finishing a good third, Tim Whiffler fourth, and Smolensko fifth ; the ruck being many lengths behind. The victory of Glencoe was undoubtedly a great one, for it must be borne in mind that he was carrying 5lb: over his weight for age, and such a performance stamps him as quite the equal of Fireworks. Whether Shenandoah might have won had she not had so much taken out of her by her fractiousness, and also by making the running for such a time is a matter we shall not discuss ; but we are strongly of opinion that had she been favored with luck, the Cup would not have gone to Sydney again. The Tasmanian Strop ran a good horse, and his position in the race speaks volumes for his condition: Tim Whiffler performance was, indeed, a grand one. Getting away badly, and also suffering from the disadvantage of being disappointed when endeavoring to got to the front, still he defeated every Victorian horse in the lace with the exception of one. The manner in which he came through his horses towards the finish must prove a silencer to those who prophesied his ignorance downfall; and if over there was a case of defeated but not dis- graced, it was upon the occasion of Tim Whiffler running a good fourth in the Melbourne Cup of 1868\. The position of the Fisherman family in the race proves most conclusively that the' progeny of the old Heron horse have been sadly overrated, as none of them looked dangerous after the first mile, Seagull breaking down badly, and the others not even finishing near the first four. The Hurdle Race, like the two preceding it, also fell to a Sydney horse, Faugh-a-Ballagh, mainly owing to the fact of Potatoes and Kalcd running off the course and the Sydney-road Bloudin likewise demniiattttted most decisively that Victoria is infested with a' lot of animals" unworthy of the name of racehorses, for the first two in the Railway Stakes were bred in New South Wales, and the Victorians had no chance with them. New South Wales horses won the Cup and Hurdle Face and to finish us up, two New South Wales bred animals, Blondin and Sir Solomon, rail clean away from their Victorian opponents in the Darling Stakes. Appended is the result of the day's racing : MAIDEN PLATE. g., Of 5 sovs. each, with 450 sovs. added. Weight for age. One mile and a half. ago Mr. W. J.' Clarke's br h Palmerston, 4 yrs, by Premier's! (Jones) . ,..- i ii, 1 Mr. J. Bindley's by li Sir Hercules, 4 yrs (Chifney), 2 Mr. G. Lewis's b is Taken, i yrs (Line) 3 Bettington to 4 agst Token, 5 to 2 agst Flying Dutchman, 4 to 1 agst Sheet Anchor, 5 to 1 agst Chieftain and Boatman, 6 to 1 agst Koo-wee-rup and Palmerston. The unnamed chestnut jumped off in advance, but the running was soon taken up by Token and Flying Dutchman, Koo-wee-rup, who threw his rider directly the flag fell, bringing up the roar. They ran thus at a middling pace till opposite the old stand, and until is If way round the turn, when Palmerston and Sir Hercules turned on the steam, and soon passed Token and the Dutchman, Pationco coming down a burster. In the straight Palmerston essayed the load, and carried it on to the end, winning rather easily by a couple of lengths, Sir Hercules second, Tokou defeating Flying Dutchman for third place by a head. Time, 2min. 21sec. ,, _ RAILWAY STAKES. Of 5 sovs. each, with 100 sovs. added. For 3 yrs. old, 7st. 8lb. 4 yrs., 9st. ; 0 yrs., 9st. " 7lb. J C yrs. and aged, 9st. 8lb. Winner of any trace of the value of 100 sovs. to carry 7lbs. extra ; of two or more such races, 10lb. extra. One mile and a quarter, -u Mr. H. Fisher's br h Blondin, 3 yrs, by Lord of the Hills (Morrison). 1 Mr. J. Koi the big Sir Solomon, aged, (Jones) 2 Mr. J. Smith's b Melancholy Jacques, 3yrs, 7lb. extra (Addorloy). 3 J Flying Scud was the first away, but soon gave place to Blondin, who never allowed his opponents the ghost of a chance from start to finish, winning, hard held, by three-quarters of a length, Sir Solomon second, and Melancholy Jaques third, and Flying Scud fourth. Time, 2min. 21sec. MELBOURNE CUP. A sweepstakes of 20 sovs, each with 300 sovs. added. The winner of any handicap of the value of of 100 Sovs , after the declaration of the weights, 3lbs. extra ; of two or more such races, 5lb. extra ; second horse, 50 sovs. third horse to save his stake. Two miles. Mr. J. Tait's ob li Glencoe, 4 yrs by Lord of the Mills, Ost. lib., including 3lb. extra (Stanley) ... 1 Mr. W. Field's b g Strop, aged, 7st. 10lb, [Walsh) 2 Mr. J. Cleeland's g m Shenandoah, aged, 7st. Mb. (Pullet). 3 Mr. E. DoMcstro's by Tim Whiffler, 6yrs., 10st. 4lb. (J. Kean) . 4 Botting-3 to 1 agst Tim Whiffler, 4 to 1 agst Little Fish, 5 to 1 agst Ragpicker, 7 to 1 agst Glencoe, and from 10 to 30 to 1 agst anything 1 BO. After a short delay, caused by the antics of Shenandoah, the flag dropped to a good start. Barwon and Shenandoah at once rushed to the front, Little Fish and Ragpicker side and side in their track for the first half-mile, Mr. Tait's pair also showing a bold front as they passed the stand, many who were unable to live the pace already dropping astern. No alteration of moment took place as they went along the back stretch of the course, with the exception of Mary Ann superseding Little Fish, who, with his stable companion, seemed to dislike the work. As they approached the old stand Shenandoah increased her load, and Glencoe took the place of Mary Ann, many mistaking Mr. Tait's horse for G »Illaro. Passing the abattoirs, the result was evidently between Shenandoah, Glencoe, Strop, Smolensko, and Tim Whiffler, the last-named rapidly making his way to the front as they approached the scraping sheds, from which point Gloncoo assumed the lead, Strop soon after passing Shenandoah, and endeavouring to catch Gl> score, but without avail, as Stanley kept his horse going, and won cleverly by a short' length ; Shenandoah third, Time Whiter fourth, and Sinobjnrçko fifth--ïono^oj the others having the slightest chance. Time, 2min. 42sec. HURDLE RACE. Of 5 sovs. each,' with 100 sovs. added. About three miles. Mr. R. Norfolk's br g Faugh-a-Ballagh, aged, Ost.flllb. (Downes). 1 Mr. J. N. Perkins's b a Potatoes, aged 9st 3lb. (Perkins) 2 Betting.-5 to 2 agst Potatoes, 10 to 1 agst Faugh-a-Ballagh. ' Potatoes and - Kaled cut out the running until approaching the straight the first time round, when both ran off the course, Potatoes coming back almost immediately. Playboy led past the stand, followed by Yorkey, Blue Jacket, and Lady Clare, but nearing the rabbit toirs, Potatoes, who made up his ground in fine style, closed on the leaders, the Sydney horse making his effort at the same time, and they had the finish to themselves, Faugh-a-Ballagh winning, after a fine struggle upon the part of Potatoes, by a little more than a length ; Standard Bearer third, but not receiving a place from the judge. DARLING STAKES. A sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each, with 100 sovs. added. For 3 yrs, old, 7st. ; 4 yrs, 9st. ; 6 yrs., 9st. 8lb. ; 6 yrs. and aged, 9st. 10lb. One mile and a half. The winner to be sold for £200. Mr. H. Fisher's br h Blondin, 5 yrs., by Lord of the Hills (Morrison) 1 Mr. J. Kerr's b g Sir Solomon, aged (Jones) . 2 Betting to 4 and 2 to 1 on Blondin. The favourite led from the start, closely followed by Sir Solomon ; the others seemingly outpaced all the way. About half a mile from home, Sir Solomon tried for the lead, but Morrison never gave him a chance, and Blondin won easily by three-quarters of a length. Time, 2min. 49sec. Second Day, Friday, Nov. C. As usual, on the " off day of the Melbourne Spring Meeting, the attendance on the course was far less numerous than on the Cup day. The day's racing was inaugurated with the Royal Park Stakes, for which The Barb alone put in an appearance, Tim Whiffler, Nimblefoot, and Ragpicker having been scratched during the morning. There was an immense rush to obtain a glimpse of the Sydney champion as he under- went his toilet previous to cantering over for, the prize, and when stripped to the gaze of the surrounding crowd, it was quite evident the sable gentleman was as fit as ever he was during his glorious career, for not a fault could be found with him anywhere, although as usual, he now and then walked a little stiff behind. Stanley merely cantered him until within a couple of hundred yards of home, when he set him going just to give the onlookers a treat. Appended are the results of the racing : THE FLYING STAKES. A sweepstakes of 5 sovs., with 50 sovs. added. For 2 yrs. old, 5st. 2lb. ; 3 years, 7st. 8lb. 4 yrs., 9st. ; 50 and aged, 9st. 5lb. Three quarters of a mile. Mr. E. Lee's dam Gulnare, by Sir Hercules, C yrs., Oat. lift. (Thompson) 1 Mr, L. L. Smith's b c Melancholy Jaques, 3 yrs., 7st 8lb. (Addorloy). 2 Mr. J. Kerr's b g Sir Solomon, aged, 9st 3lb. Fountain . V.. 3 Botting 2 to 1 against Gulnare, Thetis caused a slight delay by her obstrepor easiness, but by watching a favourable opportunity the starter sent them away, Smolensko and Gulnare being the first to show in advance, Booyoolee and the two-year-olds refusing to take part in the race. The Sydney mare attended by Smolensko, cut out the running as they passed the sheds, and drawing slightly ahead rounding in the straight, she maintained her advantage to the end, winning cleverly by a length and a half, Melancholy Jaques and Sir Solomon, both of whom passed Smolensko in the straight, gaining second and third honours; Little Fish a bad fourth. Time, 1min. 21sec. SPRING HANDICAP. A sweepstakes of 5 sovs,, with 150 sovs. added. For 3 yrs old and upwards. One mile and a ? quarter. Mr. J. Tait's eli o Gleneen), by Lord of the Hills, 4 yrs, 9 st. (Stanley) .,. 1 Mr. H. Gamble's brh Paddy's Land, aged, 7 st. J. (Bennett) 2 Mr. J. Whitehead's' b m Mary Ann, aged, 8st. ' (Goodie). 3 Betting to 4 and 2 to 1 on Glencoe. The work was cut out by Mary Ann for about a quarter of a mile; Ragpicker and Glencoe side by side in the centre of the crowd. On reaching the abattoirs Ragpicker hung out signals of distress and Milesian, Nimblefoot, Sheet Anchor, and Regalia dropped back, beaten, Gulnare also crying enough. Opposite the training ground Cedric made a bold effort to get to the front, but did not oooooo of and Glencoe, being brought up by Stanley as they rounded the turn, passed Mary Ann easily, and came home in front, hard held, by a length. Paddy's. Land, who came in with a wet sail towards the finish, beating Mary Ann for second place by double that distance. Time, 2min. 17sec. CORINTHIAN CUP. A piece of plate, value 50 sovs., with a handicap sweepstakes of 7 sovs., Ii. ft, and 50 sovs. added. One mile and a half and a distance. To be ridden by members or honorary members of the Victoria Racing Club and Melbourne Hunt Club. Mr II, Fislioi'sblh Rlondiu,by Loidof thoII!lls,5vis, 1, 10st. 7lb. (Mr. H. Fisher).'..... I Mr, LAW J. Clarke's br o Falnioiston, 4 yrs, list. 2lb. (Mr. L. L. Smith). 2 Betting 2 and 3 to 1 on Blondin, who led from the fall of the flag, and won in a canter by a couple of lengths. Time, 3min. 15sec. HANDICAP FOR' FOUR- YEAR OLDS. A sweepstakes of 10 sovs., 3 sovs. forfeit, with 100 sovs. added. For 4 yrs. old. Two miles. Mr. J. Tait's ch c Glencoe, by Lord of the Hills, 4 yrs., 9st. (Stanley) 1 Mr. li. Campbell as b c Phosphorus, 4 yrs, 6st. '(Matthieson). 2 Mr. H. Katun's bro- Little Fish, 4 yrs., 7st. 12 lb. . (Davis) ... r.. 3 Botting's to You Glencoe. Little Fish was the first to show in advance, Phosphorus second, Glencoe third, and the Fly last. This order was maintained until reaching the turn near the river, where Stanley indulged Glencoe with the load, Phosphorus going on second, and the Fisherman's two falling to the roar. From the back of the course the race was never in doubt, and the favorite merely cantered in front of the others, and won hands down by two lengths, Phosphorus second, Little Fish third, and The Fly last. Time, 5min. 53sec. PLATE of £50. For 2 yrs old, 5st 8lb ; 3 yrs, 7st 12lbs 4 yrs, 9st ; 50 and aged, 9st 2lb. Winner to be sold for 100 sovs. Half a mile. Mr. O. Lowes's g g Highflyer, 6 yrs 9 st 4!) lb (Lang) Mr. S. Waldock's ch g Beadsman, 5 yrs, 8st 1915 (Stanley) 2 Mr. E. Lotz sch's br g Warrior,' aged, 8st 10lb (Stevens) 3 A splendid start was effected, the green jacket of old Warrior showing prominently in the van as they came out of the training-ground, Highflyer holding a good position on his extreme left, with Beadsman on the right. As they approached the distance post, Highflyer and Beadsman closed 1 with Warrior, the grey having a slight advantage. From this point a. splendid struggle commenced ; but despite the determined efforts of Stanley, Lang managed to keep his horse's head in front, and finally won a magnificent race by a bare head. Time, 1min. place. Third Day, Saturday, November 7. The following events were set down for Saturday, the result of which we shall not learn until the arrival of the Derwent, probably on the 11th inst. The All Aged Stakes, the Oaks Stakes, tho the Victoria Racing Club Handicap, the Steeplechase, the Queen's Plate, and the Free Handicap. Of Tasmanian horses, Boiardo is entered for the first event on the list ; Strop for the Victorian Racing Club Handicap and Strop, Boiardo, and Bishopsbourne for the two last named races in both they will have to compete with the best blood of Victoria and New South Wales. a A WOULD-BE Gentleman The free and easy style of servants in the bush was well exemplified last week at Deniliquin. A man-servant in the employ of a gentleman there demanded his wages instanter, declaring to his master, " I'll work no more ; I'll go and be a gentleman's' He got his wages, and was off to one of the drinking shops of the town. In the course of a week he returned penniless to his late employer, saying, " Well, master, I'm tired of being a gentleman ; I can't imagine how gentlemen stand it; will you take me back again ?" Being a tolerably fair servant he was reinstalled, vowing that he "mind never again try tobeagontleni.au,-Argwi, val 