THE COMING ELECTION. . [communicated.] The indications of the coming election for the South are cropping oat with such a degree of plainness that some- voters already talk about the candidate who shall head the poll. One thing is clear, nothing but the very best parliamentary capabilities, with a due social position and! high moral standing,, both within and without the House, will satisfy the electors* The South. wa» ignored' utterly in times past, but those times have passed bv, and' with) the ohanges wrought for itself by its own decided efforts and. perseverance, men's opinions- have changed'.. Td- represent it has becomean henor- sought after and- coveted' by the more highly qualified- amongst aspirants to senatorial fame. No mere adventurer, nor parvenue,. nor yet solid- and substantial mediocrity, will' pass musteri Wfe must have leaders, for the Sooth who shall uphold its prestige,. anddevelop and urge its claitns- with all the power, of-' practical knowledge and energy of- intellect and' expression -^- but. who: above alij shall' be men as sincere in,, their services a3 unbiassed by external interests.— mea whose characters . are built up .by their acts,,men who maintain an increasinginflueoce by consistent integrity, princip^ and -fearless independent action. In a word, we intend to send in.Everard'ancTNeviile Blyth. The tittle-tattle about the stars of- lesser magnitude we dismiss as... ^ 'useless occupation of our space and time. At-Yankalilta it is said by some that ; we ought to find a. local candidate for the col league of Mr. EverartJ.- Will Yankalilla trot out her champion^ and let the electors see his points ? Will Mr. IleiberK, who advocates thi.-s, declare himself a candidate ? and 'were he to do so, useful, practical, aud experienced as he is, would he standthe. ghost of a tihance with the two men we have named and 'propose ? We look upon.them .as already, elected. We j can even pass on to their future. We can -see in : the sybiline leaves, of Southern augury predictions which point to their party as that j which shall rule in Parliament by its coalition I wkh sound and honorable principle. We see ; in. each of. them one who is ecjual. to the i emergency of either taking the reins of j Government or adding to the strength' of the | Executive. With such men only, and ' none i less qualified, will the electors be content. ! But if the locality does of a verity furn:sh better, then out with them without delay ; or, i all surpassing as thev may be, they will assuredly find themselves a trifle late ia , the field. 