WE'RE A SAD LOT—WE ARE! AUSTRALIS. THERE has been a tremendous amount of spiritual "Billinsgate" poured out on that much-vexed question—the introduction of Poly-<*> nesian labor into the colony. Terrible are the denunciations whioh are launched against the would-be "slave-drivers," " traffickers in human flesh," &c.; Loudest amongst the loud, of course, is the inevitable Mr. Brookes. Give Mr. B. the ghost of a chance of combining the "literary card" with the public man, and he is ready to breakout at any moment in a column of dreary twaddle. From his last lucubration it would appear that we are threatened with a crusade by the clergy of Sydney, if the clergy of Brisbane don't rouse themselves, and, like St. Patrick did the frogs—" bring ns to a sense of our situation." According to Mr. B. and the " clergy of Sydney" we are all on the high road to perdition, because a ship's cook told Mr. B. a rigmarole about a ship captain. Thiß jewel of a " Soyer" makes certain revelations to Mr. B. seriously affecting the character and liberty of a man who is not here to defend him self. Mr. B. forthwith " goes in" for a column or so on the subject, pats his protege on the back as a "man and brudder," and sets up a howl about "Queensland Slavery." All this may look very philanthropic, but I think most people will take a somewhat different view of it. But what is this " slavery" question ? Some of our enterprising fellow-colonists have found that sugar and cotton can be successfully grown here. They have, moreover, discovered that if they are to compete on anything like equal terms with Mauritius, America, and the West Indies, they must employ colored labor in the actual work of cultivation, white labor being too expensive, and not so well adapted to out door work under a tropical sun. Well, these gentlemen, finding that we have an excellent labor-market at our own doors—the South Sea Islands—have hired some of the natives for a certain length of time, at, comparatively speak ing, a liberal rate of wages, the employers being bound to send these people back to their homes on the expiration of the time agreed upon. This Beems tolerably plain Bailing. Here we have the means of raising the colony out of its present wretched condition by opening up new fields of industry, and so give employment to thousands of our own people. Speaking of sugar, the mere growth of the cane is a bagatelle in comparison with the amount of labor expended in its manufacture, &c.; There is the carting and crushing of the cane, the boiling and refining processes, the manufacture of ram, the extensive introduction of machinery, and the establishment of iron foundries, the work of exportation, and the vitality which will be given to our commercial relations with other countries. Similar results would ensue from the growth of cotton, and as we possess plenty of coal, who oan say that we will not have an embryo Manchester after a while. It would appear from the foregoing that the prosperity of the colony goes hand-in hand with the growth of sugar and cotton: opium and coffee, it is to be hoped, will follow. We are told, amongst other "things not generally known," that we are not fit to asso ciate with these angelic " Islanders ;" that we are a bad lot, and would contaminate them if they came amongst us. One feels strongly tempted to ask for what purpose was that por tion of humanity created, which is fortunate enough to be able to boast of black skins? From the foregoing it would appear that the blackfellow was designed to be a kind of " lay figure," capabl eof being " done up" into a sort of gingerbread Christian, then clapped into a band-box, and sent to Heaven— " with care." Our clerical frienda " stick us up" periodically, for—l'm afraid to say how many thousands of pounds for the conversion of these heathens into Christians. If the Christianity they receive be of such a delicate, fragile nature that mere contact with a Christian nation is enough to destroy it, would it not be better to bestow our money on the starving white slaves around us ? I should like to know what, in the opinion of Mr. Brookes, constitutes the actual " slavery" portion of this question. Is it the engagement to serve for a certain period ? If so, our soldiers and sailors are the veriest slaves to be found under the sun, and they get the lash too. But they happen, unfortunately, to have white skins, so there is no maudlin sentiment wasted on them. Is it the low rate of wagea ? See what is considered ample remuneration for agrioul tural laborers at home—from a shilling to two shillings per day. If the captain of a vessel trading with the Islands is accused of kidnapping these people, are the Bugar growers, who employ them, therefore to be branded as " traffickers in human flesh," and the system described as slavery? Certainly not. Let the charges be clearly proved, and then give the rascal fifteen years' penal servitude; there will be no more kidnapping after that. Finally, why should I, a white slave (or something very much akin to it), be compelled to toil and moil from morning till night, while my black friend over the water is carefully hedged in, and absolutely prevented from earn ing his bread by the sweat of his brow, when he is desirous of doing so ? Why should he be considered a superior order of being, whose only business in life seems to be the eating of yams, missionaries, and stray seamen, when he can get them ? Why should he not come over here, and become civilised as well as Chris tianised, and return to his own people a better roan in every respect than if he bad stuck to his yams at home ? They have just as much right to come here as we have, and Mr. Brookes will find that unless he can abolish one of the fundamental principles of the British Constitution, he will not be able to keep them out. He may take a very elevated and senti mental view of the South Sea Islander—call him his brother, supply him with " moral pocket-handkerchiefs" ad libitum, and so forth —but I don't believe he has a bit more real regard for him than I have; and I don't look upon the " Islander" as any relation whatever. 