NEW BAPTIST OIIUItOH, HAItBIS-STKEET. Tho foundation átono of a now,Daptiat Church was laid yesterday afternoon, at jETarm-ntrcet, Ultimo, ky Mr, Thomas Jone«, *A number of tho congregation now assembling i ri tho Masonic ' Hall, under tho pastoral; ch argo of the -Bev. Allan Webb, for whom this churoh is to bo built, and'.numorous other friends of tho cauoo wero mot on the. occasion. Among those preeont wore tho HOT., Mr. Morton of- Newcastle, J)r. Hobbs, Mr. Knibba, Mr. Bubbe, Hov. Dr.- Beg, Hove. Messrs. Boddington, N. Pidgeon, J. Johnstone, T. Roseby, J. M'Olbbon, A.-Thomson, $. Humphreys, . and J. Sharpe, Tho site of the new church is very near Farranjatta-streot, and not for from the railway bridge. Tho front of tho building will-be forty feet! in length; for tho prosent ? it wili.be only thirty-five j /cet in dop'h;butitiB expected that it will bo enlarged! by carrying tout tho back. It is ta scat 260 to SOO1 persons. .' Tho proceedings,wero commenced by tho Hov. Mr. PIDMNOTOM, who-gavo out'tho iOQth' Psalm:-" All nations round Ul a earth rejoice " . The Ker. Dr.'ÉEEo offorod prayer. "?" * . . ' ' Tho Ber. Mr. MomoK thon read the Holy: Scriptures iri'l Kings C, and Haggai 1. , '. '. * Mr. KxUiiis, ono bf tnodeaobns of the .church, read tho documont,.whioh togathor with tho doily papers .and curront coins of the realm, was to bo deposited under itho atone. ' This document set forth that tho-congro Sation waa first formad by tho zealous labours of tba lev. Mr. Moneymont; In 1802, '»nd mot ' first in Woolloomooloo, afterwards at tho Ma-onto Hall-tho present minister being tho Rev. Allan Walter Webb, and tho deacons Messrs. T, Jones, Kui bbs, rind two ' Mossrr. Palmor. Messrs. Moetway and Books, builders. " Mr.-ThomaB Jones thon'lnld tho foundation stone, inthanamoof tho Father, tho Son, and tho Holy Ghost. Í ' ' - . Tho Be v. SAMUEL HuitrnnnTa gayo out another hymn.' . Tho Bar. A. W. WEBB then dolivcrod an address on the design for whioh tho churoh was to bo built. Ho described the religious tendency of tho human mind, tho necessity off mooting its wants in. this rcspcot, , tho adaptation of , true religion to meet the necessities of man's fpini, and tho happiness of united worship, lixporicuoo taught the dnty of providing tho means for Christian instruc- tions and worship ¡ tho Word oPGod enjoined lt, Ho also expatiated on tho blessed effects of tho gospel in turning sinners from tho error of tholr war) and con- cluded by slating tho ' distinguishing feature of tho Baptiste' crood, whioh without any.' toolings hut thoko of Christian lovo for other, denominations they felt bound tc promulgate, namely, that "Baptism is the pri- vilege of beliovore." . ' . Tho.ltev, J. M'GinnDN also nddroeeed trio audience. Ho rejoiced In tho expectation that tho doctrinos of grace, tho faith tu a DivinoItedeeincr mighty to iavo, and in tho spirit soot forth to convinco men of sin of .righteousness, and of judgment lo como, would lo proclalmod tuero, TJo know llio anx'oly and lalioiir of golting a ohurali built ; and boped tho olflco huarora of tho Church woujil bold up Mr. AVob'i fa hands and ru]¡ovo him of caro in thia mutter of build- ing, aa that ho might giro.his undividod onorgies tb tho work of building up'tho spiritual templo. Tho Rov..T. ROBKUV gavo out another hymn ; and tho Her. A, THOMSON conoluded with prayer. ;. EVES1NO JHÎKTJNO. . ; In'tho ovcainrr.a toa ".mooting was held, in llio Mnsonio Hall, York.Btrcot, in connection with .this undertaking. Tho'chair was occupied by David Jones, Esq, Tho attendance waa largo and! the interest mani- festly deep. Tho proceedings ,nft;r tea woro cora inenced by tho Rev. W. Leishman, who gavo out a hymn and olTorcd .prayor, Tho Ohairinnn then rb forrod tn tho position .'occupied by ¡tho Baptists, and spoke with warm ndrriirutioh of somo of their ominont proachfrs and writers-the Stennetts, Audrow Fuller, Spurgeon, Noel, and.Brock. ilío also cxprcssod-lija Blncoro uttriohmont-to .thepastor of this congregation,' and his clesiro for their prosperity, .Letters jjvero road from tho Hov. Dr. Stcol,S.;o.Itent, Dr. Fullerton, T. Forsaith, S..3?. Maokenzlo, and ¡K Lanj cxprbisiyo (ft tholr regard for Mr,' Webb, and their .regret that dutioB or alUiotïon proven led thoir attendance at tilo mooting.. Tho Itor. John O-rbham had r.lso verbally givon Mn Webb' a 'similar assurance. Dr, Hobbs then road from tho first Episllo of tho Appstlp, .Paul io Timothy. Mr. Palmor, ono of 'the' deacons,' read ¡a lott r from tho mombors of tho Church,* feigned hy forty-five, inviting tho Rev, Allon iW. Wobb to accopt tho office of their settled pos'or.'' Mr. Wobb "carno to this congregation in Novombcr last;, from' that Unie :to thia his ounnoolion. with tho Church had . been ex- perimental. In token of their wish, as expressed in their lotter, that .ho would: permanently .occupy'4l|o pastoral office, '. Mr. . Palmer,. in / the narao of tho Ohuroh, gavo him. tho right hand of fellowship. Tho ' Bev. A. W. ' Webb thorouporcexproesod. his acceptance of tho call. Ho added a ntatoment ot hie sentiments oh theological subjects ú Ho^iold that tl o Bible, and tho Biblo only," is tho religion of Protes- tants; and that every Christian has the right '? read, tho Biblo and judgo fdr hirasolf. ' From that book qa . derived hisfailh in tho Triuno God, and in the divinity and humanity pf Christ." He'beliovè'd tho depravity and ruin of mankind-tho sovereign election of God; \- the reality of -tho atonement - made by tho death of ChriBt-by which provision .wie made f. enough for all, enough for'each, onough for evormoro." ' Ho to-¡ lloved in'regeneration c by'tho Holy Ghost, and that every right movemont in ' man's heart is from that Holy Spirit /He aleo expressed "his conviction that baptism, is, tho privilege of . boliovers only,, and should " bo ' by' ' immersión. 1 He""' cxpoctod tho proroillenniol advent and personal reign of Christ upon earth, grounding this expectation on tho fact th*t tho Saviour, by tho' shedding .of lita blood, redeemed: tho earth itself from tho carse, and is' entitled to reign gloriously over it all. ' 'He desired to act in harmony. with all evangelical Christians. . . Tho li av. Mesare./W. Ridley, J..-P. Sunderland, Marton, T. Gordon, R: Mansfield, and Br. Beg euc cessi-voly addressed tho meeting os various topics con- nected with tho dutha and hopes of the pastor and tho people. Tho Rov. R. B. Paterson also was present \- Mr. John Milla offered prayer.. ; Mr., Webb expressed, his thanks' and those of hie congregation to tho -speakers and tho vcnerablo chairman; and tho Singing .of the doxology concluded the" proceedings. "Thoi -cordiality and carnest nttontion manifested throughout gavo an auspicious aspect Io tho solemn and publia entrance of. the Bèv., A. "Webb on the curies'of tho pastorate. ' A collection 'WAS placed on tho foundation stone, and another WUB mado in tho evening.-j . 