" THE GHOST " IN THE HOUSE. Mr. MACLEAY jumped up and, speakmg at Parkes, requested Robertson to do him the favor of being so kind as to allow him (Mr. M.) to ask him (Mr. R.) a few conundrums. 1st—Is the Government aware of the exist- ence of any dead man who was killed with the knowledge of that Government ? 2nd— Did the Inspector- General ever make any re- port of the intention of anybody to shoot Prince Alfred, Mr. Parkes, Mr. Dignam, or any other member of the Royal Family ? 3rd—If so, would the Government object to produce " anybody's " carte de visite, one of his socks, a lock of his hair, his portemanteau or some other personality by which he might be recognised ? 4th—Are the Government in possession of any verbal evidence from the dead man's lips in reference to his murder, or have they any posthumous document signed by the same party in proof thereof ? or, lastly, are they prepared to produce the victim and let him, himself, tell who mur- dered him, and whether he objected to the operation ? 5th—Are the Government in possession of any evidence to prove that they knew all about the murder from any gentle- man or lady who may have graced the scene with his or her presence, and if so, have they (the Government) kept it " dark," because it was a dark transaction, and ought not to be treated lightly? 6th—Did anybody lose any body, and subsequently did anybody find any body, and if so did anybody produce any body anybody found : and, lastly, in what public office was the body (of the evidence) deposited ? 7th—Are the Government aware whether the proprietors of the Australian Journal ever received the manuscript of a sensation romance entitled " ' Enery the ' Orror struck, or the Kidaverous Korpse," which was set up in type, and subsequently suppressed by the author 011 the ground that a portion of the fiction was very weak, and unless he could devise some means of strengthening it he would withdraw it alto- gether ?and finally, do they know that he never paid a half-penny towards the expense of setting it up ! Mr. ROBERTSON replied, comprehensively, " No savvy." The only body he knew of was the Ministerial " body," of which he was the head, and, Heaven be praised, that was alive, alive, alive oh! A number of other riddles were then propounded by ingenious members on miscellaneous subjects until an hon-member proposed they should adjourn and " take a drink." Mr. GARRETT objected on the ground that it was against standing orders : now that there was " want of confidence " associated with the Ministry they might not get " tick ' at the bar and every one would have to pay for his own liquid. The House did adjourn however, and hon. members went home to dream of the amusing programme prepared for their next day's en- tertainment, namely, the comedy of " Want of Confidence," the melodrama of " The Murder of Duncan," and the side-splitting burlesque of " Have you seen the Ghost ? or, ' Enery in Hagonies."—Punch in Parliament. HOLLOWAY'S OINTMENT is a balsamic remedy surpassing all others in the cure of burns, scalds, old sores, wounds or ulcers, and also bad legs, however milignant or long standing. Soldiers and sailors are earnestly entreated to have recourse to this valuable Ointment ; which may be obtained in any part of the world. 