LAYING THE FOUNDATION-STONE OF ST. MAST'S BOKAN CATHOLIC CATHEDRAL. From the Evening A ewu of Tvaday. This day, at noon, the benediction and the ceremony of laying the foundation- stone of St. Mary's Cathedral, according to the Roman Pontifical service, took place in the presence of a large multitude of persons of all ranks, and of different creeds. The weather was de lightful. The day selected was the Festival of the Immaculate Conception of her in whose honor the Cathedral is to be named. It is not much more than three years since a con flmn-ation destroyed the old Cathedral, which had for years been the pride of the Roman Catholics of this colony. The calamity was so unexpected and disheartenting to our fel low-citizens of the Roman Catholic Church — and so uaiversally regretted by the colonists generally — that persons of nearly every religi ous persuasion united in practical sympathy towards rebuilding on the ruins of the former Cathedral an edifice of superior grandeur and strength. At that time there was a spirit of charity and religious tolerance evoked which, unhappily, has been rudely shaken by recent events. It was, therefore, with mingled feel ings of pride and gratification on the part of Roman Catholics, that when the foundation stone was to be laid to-day, they saw people of nearly every denomination in attendance to witness the ceremony. At an early hour the bells of St. Benedict's were ringing joyfully, and by ten o'clock the principal streets of the city were alive with citizens and visitors from the country, including not only Catholics, but many of other creeds in holiday attire. By Roman Catholics the event will be looked upon as perhaps the most auspicious that has occurred in the history of their church in this colony, the more especially as the local head of their denomination, who was so inti mately linked with all the pleasing associations of the old Cathedral, has been spared by Di vine wisdom to lay and bless the foundation stone of the new one. His Grace the Venerable Archbishop Pold' . ing, accompanied by the Roman Catholic Bis' hops of Maitland, Bathurst, Goulburn, and Enos ; the Roman Catholic clergy .of the arch diocese, and by a large number of clery from the interior, assembled in the pro-Cathedral, shortly after ten o'clock, where they vested the Archbishop and Bishops in cope, mitre, -fec. The Archbishop carried his pas toral staff. The procession was for med in the pro-Cathedral, and moved shortly before eleven o'clock towards the site of the new building, headed by the cross- bearer and acolytes, who were followed by a number of sanctuary hoys. Then came the clergy and deans, the bishops vested in cope, mitre, «fec., and his Grace the Archbishop vested over his rochet with amice, alb, girdle, stole, cope, plain mitre, and carrying his pastoral staff or cro sier. ' The Archbishop was immediately pre ceded by the archiepiscopal cross-bearer, with acolytes. They entered the grounds by the gate facing St. Mary's Road, and proceeded direct to the platform, which had been speci ally erected for the accommodation of those who were to take part in the ceremony. At this moment the sight was grand. Among the spectators were to be noticed hun dreds of our mote prominent citizens, ' hun dreds of gaily-dressed ladies, and a dense mass of our Catholic fellow-colonists. Amongstthose present we noticed Mr.W. A. Duncan, Mr. J. Mullens (Labour Bazaar), Mr. W. B. Dalley, Mr. Justice Faucett ; M. St Just, Spanish Consul, in uniform; J. Curtis, his Worship the Mayor, Aldermen Caraher, Merrimuu, Hurley, Chapman, Steel, Hordern, Murphy, Butler, in official costume ; Mr. Blanchard, Captain Purcell, Mr. Cropper, J.P.j Mr. Coveney, J. Moore, M. Sentis, 'French Consul; K Bennett, barrister; Montagu Scott, artist, who was taking a sketch of the scene ; J. Hourigan, J.Donovan, Mr. Plunkett, M.L.O.; T. A. Murry, Presi dent of the Legislative Council ; J. Hurley, M.L.A.; Dr. Forrest, Rector of St. John's College, and students. On the platform were about sixty Roman Catholic clergymen, besides the bishops previously named, and a few Sisters of Charity. The ceremony commenced shortly after eleven o'clock. Tho Archbishop, having laid aside his crosier and mitre, began the prayers, and invoked a blessing -on the salt and water to be used on the occasion. -After the usual prayers had been said, the Archbishop put the salt into the water, in the form of a cross, and said when bo doing, ' Let there be made a mingling of salt and water equally. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. , Amen.' This being done, his Grace then said the following prayer :— ' God, the author of unconquered strength and king of insuperable majesty, ever glori ously triumphing, who doat crush the power of all adverse domination, and subdue the cruelty of the roaring enemy, who dost mightily vanquish hostile wickedness, thee, O Lord, trembling and suppliantly, we beseech and auk that them mayest vouchsafe to look upon this creature of Bait and water, benignly to shine upon it, and to sanctify it with the dew of thy goodness ; that wherever it shall be sprinkled, by the invocation of thy holy name, all the molestation of the unclean spirit may be removed, and the terror of the veno mous serpent may be driven far away, and the presence of the Holy Spirit may vouchsafe everywhere to be present to us, beseeching thy mercy. Through our Lord Jesus Christ thy Son, who livoth and reigneth with thee, in the unity of the same Holy Spirit, God, world without end. Amen.' ' Then his Grace put on his mitre and the cathedral choir, assisted by the choirs from other churches, chanted the antiphon — 'Signum salutis pone, Doraine Jesu Christe, in loco isto, et non permittas introire angelum percutientem ;' and the 83rd Psalm in Latin. The antiphon and psalm being ended, his Grace, standing towards the place to be sprinkled by him, his mitre being laid aside, offered another prayer beseeching the Al mighty to visit this place through the inter ceding merits of Blessed Mary ever Virgin, and of all Saints, with the serene watchfulness of His goodness, and purify it, by the infusion of His Grace from all pollution, and keep it purified ; and as He fulfilled the devotion of His well-beloved David, in the work of his son Solomon, so in this work vouchsafe to per fect their desires ; and may all spiritual wickednesses be driven away from hence.' Through our Lord Jesus Christ, thy Son, who Iiveth and reigneth with Thee, in the unity of the Holy Spirit, God, world without end. s Amen.' * . The Archbishop having ascended the pla-,( form, and, being surrounded by the Suffragan! Bishops, the clergy, and laity, the Rev. Padre Barsanti preached a most eloquent sermon, appropriate to the occasion. After the sermon, Messrs. W. Coveney and James Mullens approached the Archbishop, and on behalf of the laity, presented his Grace with a golden troweL The Archbishop, followed by the Suffragans and clergy, then walked in procession round the foundations of the future Cathedral, the choir chanting the usual antiphon and psalm, and sprinkled with the water he has blessed, first the place where the cross was placed near the chief stone, and then the foundations. This having been done, his Grace came to the foundation-stone, which he blessed and again sprinkled, prayers being also offered. Then taking the golden trowel, his Grace marked the stone in each part with the sign of the cross, saying— -In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Afterwards, some carpet was placed upon the ground, and on it ff fald-stool, on which the Bishop, having put on his mitre, knelt down. Then were said the ' Litanies of the Saints,' which being ended, the Bishop, having laid aside his mitre, rose, and standing towards the foundation-stone, offered another prayer. Mortar having been provided, and the mason being at hand, his Grace, with his mitre on, began (the choir following him) the antephon 'Mane Surgenes Jacob Ereybat, &c.;,' and psalm cxxvL His Grace, standing with his mitre, then touched and properly adjusted the first stone in the foundation, saying this prayer, ' In the faith of Jesus Christ, we set this first stone in this foundation : in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the, Holy Ghost, that true faith may flourish here, and the fear of God and brotherly love, and that this place may be devoted to prayer and to the invoca tion and praise of the name of the same .Jesus Christ our Lord, who, with the Father and the Holy Ghost, Iiveth and reigneth, God, world without end. Amen.' In a cavity underneath the foundation-stone were deposited copies of the Herald, Empire, Freeman's Journal, and Evening News:' The inscription on the stone is as follows : — . In nomine Jesu Chrlstl Prlmarium hune lapldem . Ecclesta) Cathedrales Bt. Marte ? proim sltum, puoris mdiflcll Conflagratlono die xxlx. Junll, A.D. MDCCCLXV ' . ponituj dlrtttl. Ampllflcandra tamen et suniptuoalus lnstaurande, Solemn!, rltu, benedixit et iiosull. Illmui et Romns, Joannes Bede Folding, O.S.B., ArpusBldnelonsts, necnon,metrop.AuBtrolfro, MclbournonBem, Brlsbanensem, Bathurstensem, Maitlandensem, at Qoulburnensem, qulbui, astabat, Romus et Illmus, Ep. iEnonsis S.M. ? lietlsslmo, Immac. concep. B.V.M. feslo, Anno Salutis MDCCCLXVIII. asslatente maxima, corona presbyterorum. Ingentlque lalcorum comltante, frequentia, lldollum preces, dona, gratlarum, actlones. Doo, uno et trino omnium bonorum, largitori. Gratisslmo, cordls, effectu, effundentlum. Plo Nono, Summo, Pontiflcl, foUciter rcgnonto. Viotoria Britanniarum Begina Ejili demqne, viols, in hoc colonia, pnufecta gorcnto Honoratmo Domlte de Belmore. Eev. Adm. S. J. A. Sheeny, O.S.B., Vic Genii, Revdla Domnis, M. J. Dwyer, P. V. O'Farrell, M. P. Fltipatrtck, T. J. Garvey, P. Healy, Preibyteris mlsslonarlls Cathedral!, minlsterlo addictis. Gul. W. Wardell, Architecto : Joanne Young, Operum Redemptori. SoU Doo Gloria. When the foundation-stone had been laid, and the ceremony of sprinkling with holy water concluded, Mr. W. B. Dalley, on behalf of the laity, read and presented to his Grace a very beautiful address. His Grace acknowledged the graceful com pliment thus paid to him, and while he thanked the people of all creeds for their gen erous support in enabling him to have pro ceeded thus far with the work of reconstruct ing the new Cathedral, his Grace pointed but to those of his own flock the ' desirability of their contributing as much as their means would allow towards '..the completion of the work they had so nobly begun. . . ' The ceremony having concluded, his Grace, the Suffragan Bishops, and clergy, returned in procession to the pro-cathedral, while the multitude lingered about the foundations of the new cathedral, and nearly all touched the chief corner stone ere they departed home-, wards. ^ ? - . . ? 