NOTES OF THE WEEK. FROM 13th NOVEMBER TO 20th NOVEMBER. William Randall, on the 10th of November, was committed by the Maitland Bench on the charge of having at Gresford, on the 6th of October, murdered his illegitimate child, Esther Randall. At the Wollongong Police Court, on the 9th instant, five persons were committed to take their trial at the Quarter Sessions for " tin kettling " a newly-married couple. Lately Mr. James Campbell, M.L. A., brought to the Herald Office a sample of ryegrass, just cut on his land at the cotton reserve, Wingecarribee. It is from two to three feet high, though it was only sown in April, and the seed was six weeks in the ground before there was any rain on it. The three young men, Reynolds, Ashton, and Phillips, tried at the Central Criminal Court for assaulting and robbing John Nowlan, in Kent-street, on the 3rd October last, were, on the 13th instant, found guilty, and sentenced to two years' imprison- ment. Some very good specimens of gold-bearing quartz from the Gympie gold diggings, in Queensland, have recently been brought to Sydney, by Mr. H. Geary, who has come up to Sydney to obtain pumping machinery for his claim, it being almost impossible to keep the hole clear of water with the usual rude appliances. The annual general meeting of the members of the Balmain School of Arts was held on the 13th instant, in the hall of that institution ; Mr. W. Mac Donnell in the chair. A report was read and adopted. Fears are entertained in regard to the rust and aphis in the Shoalhaven district. A Chinaman is reported to have recently killed himself at a place called Mrs. Brown's Island, on the Murrumbidgee River. A man, named Baker, was killed whilst blasting some rock on a run between the Murrumbidgee and the Lachlan, a few days since. Two cases of young orange trees, including several new and valuable sorts, have been received by Mr. Moore, the director of the Botanic Gardens, from M. Don Jose Da Canto, of Paris. The plants came out by the ship La Hogue, and have arrived in very fair condition. At Irishtown, near Bathurst, on the 7th instant, two infant children, named Charles and Jane Neill, were, by a sad accident, so fearfully burned that they died on the following day. Archbhhop Polding arrived at Kiama on Saturday last, and held a confirmation service on the following day. The Chief Secretary, Mr. Robertson, with the Mayor of Grafton and others, visited the hospital, gaol, and Public school of that township on Saturday last. At Kiama, on Saturday last, an address and purse of sovereigns were presented to Sergeant M'Garvey by the volunteers, on his departure for Sydney. At Towrang, near Goulburn, an accident occurred a few days since at the blasting of a rock, at which a man, named Thomas Bath, was dangerously injured. On Saturday last a race look place in Fort Jackson between the vessels belonging to the Royal Sydney Yacht Squadron. The first place was gained by the Mistral, the second by the Vivid, and the third by the Pert. The ministers of the Wesley Church, stationed in the various circuits situate in the city and suburbs, the Illawarra, and Hawkesbury districts, assembled in their annual meeting, in York-street chapel, on Tuesday, 3rd instant, and closed on Friday evening at a late hour. The Rev. H. H. Gaud, chairman of district, presided. Mr. Charles Moore continues his series of lectures on Botany, which are all very numerously attended. Although it rained heavily on the 13 th, the lecture room was crowded. Mr. Robertson, Mr. Forster, Mr. Samuel, Mr. Josephson, and Mr. Egan have all been returned. On the 14th instant the weather was so stormy that the You Yangs had to return to this port. At 2 a.m. on that day, whilst the steamer was abreast of Kiama, one of the seamen, named William M Kay, was thrown against the railing on the starboard quarter, which giving way, the poor fellow went over- board, and was never seen after. The wheel and binnacle were torn away, and the vessel otherwise injured. The crew of H.M.S. Blanche, having challenged the members of the Naval Brigade to pull for a friendly match of £10 a-side, the event came off on Monday last. The crew of the H.M.S. Blanche pulled admir- ably, but the men of the Brigade were the victors. Telegrams reached Sydney last Monday morning with the information that the stores of Messrs. Nelson, Brothers, were burnt to the ground. The loss has been very great. Mr. T. E. Jones, the Engineer of the Sydney Gas Works, died suddenly on Sunday last. The twenty-ninth anniversary of the Chippendale Wesleyan Sunday-schools was, last Monday evening, celebrated by a tea meeting in the schoolroom adjoin- ing Wesley Church. A public meeting was afterwards held, Mr. Wearne, the superintendent of the school, being in the chair. An inquest was recently held at Wagga Wagga, on the body of an elderly man, named Hehier, who had been found dead in his bed. The evidence proved that deceased died from natural causes. The apple, silver wattle, and other trees in the Drysdale district are being destroyed by a small green beetle. Gooseberries have not been so abundant in the gardens at Yass this season as in previous years, owing most probably to the want of rain at the pro- per time. Last week, a fleece clipped from a ram belonging to Mr. J. C. Ryrie, Euromedha, weighed 19 lbs. 2 oz. The animal from which this magnificent fleece was shorn was purchased at the Mudgee Show of 1867. It was bred by the Hon. G. H. Cox. On Sunday afternoon, Mr. James Hume, the archi- tect, was found dead in his house, in Elizabeth-street. The deceased gentleman died from disease of the heart. His age was about 64 years. On Monday evening last, the friends and parishion- ers of the Rev. G. M Carthy, of St. Benedict's, gave a tea and soirée at the schoolhouse in Parramatta-street, to welcome that gentleman back to Sydney, after a tour in the Northern districts. The anniversary tea-meeting in connection with the Redfern Congregational Sunday-schools was held last Tuesday evening in the schoolroom, and was followed by a public meeting held in the church. The meeting was well attended, and was presided over by the Hon. John Sutherland, Esq., the Minister for Works. A meeting of the committee of the New South Wales Rifle Association was held at the Volunteer Brigade Office, last Tuesday afternoon, Lieutenant Colonel Richardson being in the chair. A young man, named M'Donnell, was thrown from his horse at Cowra a few days since, and so much injured that he died shortly afterwards. About a week ago, a little girl, about ten years of age, who was staying with Mr. Hagan, farmer, near Carcoar, was drowned by falling into a waterhole near Hagan's house. In the district of Carcoar, last Thursday week was the coldest day during the past winter. About mid- day it hailed and snowed for some time. The snow lay for some time upon the mountains. Reaping will be general in the New England dis- trict in the course of a week or ten days. The state of the country at Cooper's Creek is re- ported to be very bad. The missionaries at Kilal- pania say they have had no rain since February last. At Tuena, near Goulburn, James Bright has been committed for trial for the murder of his stepfather, Thomas Moss, by kicking him. Amongst the obituary notices which have recently appeared is one recording the death of a very old and much respected colonist, Mr. William John Dumaresq, of Tivoli, Rose Bay, and of St. Aubins, near Scone. His decease took place on the 9th No- vember, at Cleveland, Moreton Bay, the residence of his son-in-law, the Hon. Louis Hope. A vicariates dollar of John George I., Duke of Saxony (anno 1619) has turned up in Sydney. It is described in the S. M. Herald of the 18th and 19th instant. Edmund Smith, George Cartwright, and Peter Cunningham were, on Wednesday lost, committed at the Coroner's Court for manslaughter. They were concerned in the disgraceful fight which terminated in the death of J. P. Fitzsimmons. A deputation, consisting of Mr. Mullen, chairman of the municipality of Weet Maitland, and other gen- tlemen, waited upon the Minister for Works (Mr. Sutherland), at his office, on Wednesday last, in reference to the flood-gates proposed to be erected at the opening of Wallis Creek, near East Maitland, and also in regard to the tollgate at Rutherford. A man named William George Gardiner, resident in Newtown, committed suicide on the 18th instant, by cutting his throat. He was labouring under a fit of insanity at the time. In several of the city wards there is great activity and excitement just now in regard to the municipal elections. A social reunion of the teachers of the Balmain Wesleyan Sabbath-school took place on the evening of Tuesday last. The company were entertained by addreses appropriate to the occasion from the chair- man, the Rev. W. Clarke, Captain Welsh, and Messrs. Morrison, Tinley, Watkin, Hicks, Garrard, and West. Tidings from Cape York have been received respect- ing the missing Count Von Attems, who (it will be remembered) suddenly vanished from this colony with Hamlet's Ghost. On the night of last Thursday week (according to the Pastoral Times) twenty vehicles with German families camped in Deniliquin. They were on their way from South Australia, to settle in the fine wine- growing district near Albury. There has been a misunderstanding between the Albert Cricket Club and the Warwick Cricket Club. A meeting was held, for the settlement of the differ- ence between the two contending parties, last Monday night. On Wednesday last the children of the Destitute Children's Asylum, at Randwick, were taken for an excursion up the Western Line, and greatly enjoyed themselves. The disastrous news of the barbarous outrages at Okatuka and Poverty Bay, in New Zealand, on the 7th and 9th of this month, reached this city via Melbourne, by telegraph message, on the 20th, and was received with feelings of universal indignation and horror. Arrangements are being made for the better lighting of Hyde Park, an improvement long called for. The annual picnic of the No. 1 Company S.B.V.R. took place on the Prince of Wales Birthday, at the St. Leonards' Rifle Range. The Bourke-street Congregational Sunday-school were treated to a picnic, at Balmoral, Middle Har- bour, on the 19th instant. 