THE MOONSTONE. By Wilkie Collins. Author of "The Woman in White," "No Name," etc. CHAPTER VIII. Here, for one moment, I find it necessary to call a halt. On summoning up my own recollections—and on getting Penelope to help me, by consulting her journal—I find that we may pass pretty rapidly over the interval between Mr. Flank)in Blake's arrival and Miss Rachel's birthday. For the greater part of that time the days passed, and brought nothing with them worth recording. With your good leave, then, and with Penelope's help, I shall notice certain dates only in this place, reserving to myself to tell the story day by day, once more, as soon as we get to the time when the business of the Moonstone became the chief business of everybody in our house. This said, we may now go on again—begin- ning, of course, with the bottle of sweet smell- ing ink which I found on the gravel walk at night. On the next morning (the morning of the twenty sixth) I showed Mr. Franklin this article of jugglery, and told him what I have al- ready told you. His opinion was, not only that the Indians had been lurking about after the diamond, but also that they were actually foolish enough to believe in their own magic meaning thereby tho making of signs on a boy's head, and the pouring of ink into a boy's hand, and then expecting him to see persons and things beyond the reach of human vision. In our country, as well as in the east, Mr. Frank- lin informed me, there are people who practise this curious hocus-pocus (without the ink, how- ever), and who call it by a French name, signi- fying something like brightness of sight. " De- pend upon it," says Mr. Franklin, " the In- dians took it for granted that we should keep the diamond here ; and they brought their clairvoyant boy to show them the way to it, if they succeeded in getting into the house last night." " Do you think they'll try again, sir?" I asked. " It depends," says Mr. Franklin, " on what the boy can really do. If he can see the dia- mond through the iron safe of the bank at Friz- inghall, we shall be troubled with no more visits from the Indians for the present. If he can't, we shall have another chance of catching them in the shrubbery before many more nights are over our heads. I waited pretty confidently for that latter chance ; but, strange to relate, it never came. Whether the jugglers heard, in the town, of Mr. Franklin having been seen at the bank, and drew their conclusions accordingly, or whether the boy really did see the diamond where the diamond was now lodged (which I, for one, flatly disbelieve) , or whether, after all, it was a mere effect of chance, this, at any rate, is the plain truth—not the ghost of an Indian came near the house again, through the weeks that passed before Miss Rachel's birthday. The jugglers remained in and about the town plying then trade ; and Mr. Franklin and I re- mained waiting to see what might happen, and resolute not to put the rogues on their guard by showing our suspicions of them too soon. With this report of the proceedings on either side, ends all that I have to say about the In- dians for the present. On the twenty-ninth of the month, Miss Rachel and Mr. Franklin hit on a new method of working their way together through the time which might otherwise have hung heavy on their hands. There are reasons for taking par- ticulur notice here of the occupation that amused them. You will find it has a bearing on some- thing that is still to come. Gentlefolks in general have a very awkward rock ahead in life—the rock ahead of their own idleness. Their lives being, for the most part, passed in looking about them for something to do, it is curious to see—especially when their tastes are of what is called the intellectual sort —how often they drift blindfold into some nasty pursuit. Nine times out of ten they take to torturing something, or to spoiling something ; and they firmly believe they are improving their minds, when the plain truth is, they are only making a mesa in the house. I have seen them (ladies, I am sorry to say, as well as gentlemen) go out, day after day, for example, with empty pill boxes, and catch newts, and beetles, and spiders, and frogs, and come home and stick pins through the miserable wretches, or cut them up, without a pang of remorse, into little pieces. You see my young master, or my young mistress, poring over one of their spiders' insides with a magnifying glass, or you meet one of their frogs walking down stairs without his head ; and when you wonder what this cruel nastiness means, you are told that it means a taste in my young master or my young mistress for natural history. Sometimes, again, you see them occupied for hours together in spoiling a pretty flower with pointed instruments, out of a stupid curiosity to know what the flower is made of. Is its color any prettier, or its scent any sweeter, when you do know ? But there ! the poor souls must get through the time you see —they must get through the time. You dab- bled in nasty mud, and made pies, when you were a child, and you dabble in nasty science, and dissect spiders, and spoil flowers, when you grow up. In the one case and in the other the secret of it is that you have got nothing to think of in your poor empty head, and nothing to do with your poor idle hands. And so it ends in your spoiling canvas with paints, and making a smell in the house ; or in keeping tadpoles in a glass box full of dirty water, and turning every- body's stomach in the house ; or in chipping off bits of stone here, there, and everywhere and dropping grit into all the victuals in the house, or in staining your fingers in the pursuit of photography, and doing justice without mercy on everybody's face in the house. It often fulls heavy enough, no doubt, on people who are really obliged to got their living, to be forced to work for the clothes that cover them, the roof that shelters them, and the food that keeps them going. But compare the hardest day's work you ever did with the idleness that splits flowers and pokes its way into spiders stomachs, and thank your stars that your head has got something it must think of, and your hands something that they must do. As for Mr Franklin and Miss Rachel, they tortured nothing, I am glad to say they simply confined themselves to making a mess ; and all they spoilt, to do them justice, was the paneling of a door. Mr. Franklin's universal genius, dabbling in everything, dabbled in what he called " decora- tive painting." He had invented, he informed us, a new mixture to moisten paint with, which he described as a " vehicle." What it was made of I don't know. What it did I can tell you in two words—it stank. Miss Rachel being wild to try her hand at the new process, Mr. Franklin sent to London for the materials ; mixed them up, with accompaniment of a smell which made the very dogs sneeze when they came into the room ; put an apron and a bib over Miss Rachel's gown, and set her to work decorating her own little sitting-room—called, for want of English to name it in, her " boudoir." They began with the inside of the door. Mr. Franklin scraped off all the nice varnish with pumice- stone, and made what he described as a surface to work on. Miss Rachel then covered the sur- face, under his directions and with his help, with patterns and devices—griffins, birds, flowers, cupids, and such like—copied from de- signs made by a famous Italian painter, whose name escapes me—the one, I mean, who stocked the world with Virgin Marys and had a sweet-heart at the baker's. Viewed as work, this decoration was slow to do and duty to deal with. But our young lady and gentleman never seemed to tire of it. When they were not riding, or see- ing company, or taking their meals, or piping their songs, there they were with their heads together, as busy as bees, spoiling the door. Who was the poet who said that Satan finds some mischief still for idle hands to do ? If he had occupied my place in the family, and had seen Miss Rachel with her brush, and Mr. Franklin with his vehicle, he could have written nothing truer of either of them than that. The next date worthy of notice is Sunday, the fourth of June. On that evening we, in the servants' hall, de- bated a domestic question for the first time, which, like the decoration of the door, has its bearing on something that is still to come. Seeing the pleasure which Mr. Franklin and Miss Rachel took in each other's society, and noting what a pretty match they were in all per- sonal respects, we naturally speculated on the chance of their putting their heads together with other objects in view besides the orna- menting of a door. Some of us said there would be a wedding in the house before the summer was over. Others (led by me) ad- mitted it was likely enough Miss Rachel might be married, but we doubted (for reasons which will presently appear) whether her bridegroom would be Mr. Franklin Blake. That Mr. Franklin was in love, on his side, no- body who saw and heard him could doubt. The difficulty was to fathom Miss Rachel. Let me do myself the honor of making you acquainted with her ; after which I will leave you to fathom her yourself—if you can. My young lady's eighteenth birthday was the birthday now coming on the twenty- first of June. If you happen to like dark women (who, I am informed have gone out of fashion latterly in the gay world), and if you have no particular prejudice in favor of size, I answer for Miss Rachel as one of the prettiest girls your eyes ever looked on. She was small and slim, but all in fine proportion from top to toe. To see her sit down, to see her get up, and specially to see her walk, was enough to satisfy any man in his senses that the graces of her figure (if you will pardon me the expression) were in her flesh and not in her clothes. Her hair was the blackest I ever saw. Her eyes matched her hair. Her nose was not quite large enough, I admit. Her mouth and chin were (to quote Mr. Franklin) morsels for the gods ; and her complexion (on the same undeniable authority) was as warm as the sun itself, with this great advantage over the sun, that it was always in nice order to look at. Add to the foregoing that she carried her head as upright as a dart, in a dashing, spirited, thorough-bred way—that she had a clear voice, with a ring of the right metal in it, and a smile that began very prettily in her eyes before it got to her lips—and there behold the portrait of her, to the best of my painting, as large as life! And what about her disposition next? Had this charming creature no faults? She had just as many faults as you have, ma'am—neither more nor less. To put it seriously, my dear pretty Miss Rachel, possessing a host of graces and attractions, had one defect, which strict impartiality compels me to acknowledge. She was unlike most other girls of her age, in this—that she had ideas of her own, and was stiff necked enough to set the fashions themselves at defiance, if the fashions didn't suit her views. In trifles, this independ- ence of hers was all well enough, but in matters of importance it carried her (as my lady thought, and as I thought) too far. She judged for her- self, as few women of twice her age judge in general ; never asked your advice ; never told you beforehand what she was going to do ; never came with secrets and confidences to anybody, from her mother downward. In little things and great, with people she loved and people she hated (and she did both with equal heartiness), Miss Rachel always went on a way of her own, sufficient for herself in the joys and the sorrows of her life. Over and over again I have heard my lady say, " Rachel's best friend and Rachel's worst enemy are, one and the other—Rachel her- self." Add one thing more to this, and I have done. With all her secrecy, and all her self will, there was not so much as the shadow of anything false in her. I never remember her breaking her word, I never remember her saying No, and meaning Yes. I can call to mind, in her child- hood, more than one occasion when the good little soul took the blame, and suffered the punishment, for some fault committed by a play- fellow whom she loved. Nobody ever knew her to confess to it when the thing was found out, and she was charged with it afterward. But nobody ever knew her to lie about it, either. She looked you straight in the face and shook her little saucy head, and said plainly, "I won't tell you!" Punished again for this, she would own to being sorry for saying " won't ;" but bread and water notwithstanding, she never told you. Self-willed—devilish self-willed some- times—I grant, but the finest creature, never- theless, that ever walked the ways of this lower world. Perhaps you think you see a certain contradiction here ? In that case, a word in your ear. Study your wife closely for the next four-and-twenty hours. If your good lady doesn't exhibit something in the shape of a con- tradiction in that time, Heaven help you !—you have married a monster. I have now brought you acquainted with Miss Rachel, which you will find puts us face to face, next, with the question of that young lady's matrimonial views. On June the twelfth, an invitation from my mistress was sent to a gentleman in London, to come and help to keep Miss Rachel's birthday. This was the fortunate individual on whom I be- lieved her heart to be privately set! Like Mr. Franklin, he was a cousin of hers. His name was Mr. Godfrey Ablewhite. My lady's second sister (don't be alarmed , we are not going very deep into family matters this time)—my lady's second sister, I say, had a dis- appointment in love, and taking a husband after- ward, on the neck or nothing principle, made what they called a misalliance. There was ter- rible work in the family when the honorable Caroline insisted on marrying plain Mr. Able- white, the banker at Frizinghall. He was very rich and very good tempered, and he begot a prodigious large family—all in his favor, so far. But he had presumed to raise himself from a low station in the world—and that was against him. However, time and the progress of modern enlightenment put things right, and the mis- alliance passed muster very well. We are all get- ting liberal now ; and (provided you can scratch me, if I scratch you) what do I care, in or out of Parliament, whether you are a Dustman or a Duke ? That's the modern way of looking at it —and I keep up with the modern way. The Ablewhites lived in a fine house and grounds, a little out of Frizinghall. Very worthy people, and greatly respected in the neighborhood. We shall not be much troubled with them in these pages—excepting Mr. Godfrey, who was Mr. Ablewhite's second son, and who must take his proper place here, if you please, for Miss Rachel's sake. With all his brightness and cleverness and general good qualities, Mr. Franklin's chance of topping Mr. Godfrey in our young lady's esti- mation was, in my opinion, a very poor chance indeed. In the first place, Mr. Godfrey was, in point of size, the finest man by far of the two. He stood over six feet high ; he had a beautiful red and white color ; a smooth round face, shaved as bare as your hand ; and a head of lovely long flaxen hair, falling negligently over the poll of his neck. But why do I try to give you this per- sonal description of him ? If you ever subscribed to a Ladies' Charity in London, you know Mr. Godfrey Ablewhite as well as I do. He was a barrister by profession ; a ladies' man by tem- perament, and a good Samaritan by choice. Fe- male benevolence and female destitution could do nothing without him. Maternal societies for confining poor women ; Magdalen societies for rescuing poor women ; strong minded societies for putting poor women into poor men's places, and leaving the men to shift for themselves—he was vice president, manager, referee to them all. Wherever there was a table with a committee of ladies sitting round it in council, there was Mr. Godfrey at the bottom of the board, keeping the temper of the committee, and leading the dear creatures along the thorny ways of business, hat in hand. I do suppose this was the most accom- plished philanthropist (on a small independence) that England ever produced. As a speaker at charitable meetings the like of him for drawing your tears and your money was not easy to find. He was quite a public character. The last time I was in London my mistress gave me two treat. She sent me to the theatre to see a dancing wo- man who was all the rage ; and she sent me to Exeter Hall to hear Mr. Godfrey. The lady did it with a band of music. The gentleman did it with a handkerchief and a glass of water. Crowds at the performance with the legs. Ditto at the performance with the tongue. And with all this the sweetest tempered person (I allude to Mr. Godfrey)—the simplest and pleasantest and easiest to please—you ever met with. He loved everybody. And everybody loved him. What chance had Mr. Franklin—what chance had any body of average reputation and capacities— against such a man as this ? On the fourteenth came Mr. Godfrey's an- swer. He accepted my mistress's invitation, from the Wednesday of the birthday to the evening of Friday—when his duties to the Ladies' Cha- rities would oblige him to return to town. He also enclosed a copy of verses on what he ele- gantly called his cousin's " natal day." Miss Rachel, I was informed, joined Mr. Franklin in making fun of the verses at dinner ; and Pene- lope, who was all on Mr. Franklin's side asked me, in great triumph, what I thought of that. " Miss Rachel has led you off on a false scent, my dear, I replied, " but my nose is not so easily mystified. Wait till Mr. Ablewhite's verses are followed by Mr. Ablewhite himself." My daughter replied, that Mr. Franklin might strike in and try his luck, before the verses were followed by the poet. In favor of this view, I must acknowledge that Mr. Franklin left no chance untried of winning Miss Rachel's good graces. Though one of the most inveterate smokers I ever met with, he gave up his cigar because she said, one day, she hated the stale smell of it in his clothes. He slept so badly, after this effort of self denial, for want of the composing effect of the tobacco to which he was used, and came down morning after morning looking so haggard and worn, that Miss Rachel herself begged him to take to his cigars again. No! he would take to nothing again that would cause her a moment's annoyance, he would fight it out resolutely, and get back his sleep, sooner or later, by main force of patience in waiting for it. Such devotion as this, you may say (as some of them said down stairs), could never fail of producing the right effect on Miss Rachel—backed up, too, as it was, by the decorating work every day on the door. All very well—but she had a photograph of Mr. Godfrey in her bedroom ; represented speaking at a public meeting, with all his hair blown out by the breath of his own eloquence, and his eyes, most lovely, charming the money out of your pockets! What do you say to that? Every morning—as Penelope herself owned to me—there was the man whom the women couldn't do without, looking on, in effigy, while Miss Rachel was having her hair combed. He would be looking on in reality before long—that was my opinion of it. June the sixteenth brought an event which made Mr. Franklin's chance look, to my mind, a worse chance than ever. A strange gentleman, speaking English with a foreign accent, came that morning to the house and asked to see Mr. Franklin Blake on busi- ness. The business could not possibly have been connected with the diamond, for these two reasons—first, that Mr. Franklin told me no- thing about it, secondly, that he communicated it (after the strange gentleman had gone away again) to my lady. She probably hinted some- thing about it next to her daughter. At any rate, Miss Rachel was reported to have said some severe things to Mr. Franklin, at the piano that evening, about the people he had lived among, and the principles he had adopted in foreign parts. The next day, for the first time, nothing was done toward the decoration of the door. I suspect some imprudence of Mr. Franklin's on the Continent—with a woman or a debt at the bottom of it—had followed him to England. But that is all guess work. In this case, not only Mr. Franklin, but my lady too, for a won- der, left me in the dark. On the seventeenth, to all appearance the cloud passed away again. They returned to their decorating work on the door, and seemed to be as good friends as ever. If Penelope was to be believed, Mr. Franklin had seized the op- portunity of the reconciliation to make an offer to Miss Rachel, and had neither been accepted nor refused. My girl was sure (from signs and tokens which I need not trouble you with) that her young mistress had fought Mr. Franklin off by declining to believe that he was in earnest and had then secretly regretted treating him in that way afterward. Though Penelope was ad- mitted to more familiarity with her young mis- tress than maids generally are—for the two had been almost brought up together as children— still I knew Miss Rachel's reserved character too well to believe that she would show her mind to anybody in this way. What my daughter told me on the present occasion, was, as I suspected more what she wished than what she really knew. On the nineteenth another event happened. We had the doctor in the house professionally. He was summoned to prescribe for a person whom I have had occasion to present to you in these pages—our second housemaid, Rosanna Spearman. This poor girl—who had puzzled me, as you know already, at the Shivering Sand—puzzled me more than once again in the interval time of which I am now writing. Penelope's notion that her fellow servant was in love with Mr. Franklin (which my daughter, by my orders, kept strictly secret) seemed to me just as absurd as ever. But I must own that what I myself saw, and what my daughter saw also, of our second house- maid's conduct began to look mysterious, to say the least of it. For example, the girl constantly put herself in Mr. Franklin's way—very slyly and quietly, but she did it. He took about as much notice of her as he took of the cat : it never seemed to occur to him to waste a look on Rosanna's plain face. The poor thing's appetite, never much, fell away dreadfully ; and her eyes in the morn- ing showed plain signs of waking and crying at night. One day Penelope made an awkward dis- oovery, which we hushed up on the spot. She caught Rosanna at Mr. Franklin's dressing-table secretly removing a rose which Miss Rachel had given him to wear in his button hole, and putting another rose like it, of her own picking, in its place. She was, after that, once or twice impu- dent to me, when I gave her a well meant gene- ral hint to be careful in her conduct, and, worse still, she was not over-respectful now on the few occasions when Miss Rachel accidently spoke to her. My lady noticed the change, and asked me what I thought about it. I tried to screen the girl by answering that I thought she was out of health ; and it ended in the doctor being sent for, as already mentioned, on the nineteenth. He said it was her nerves, and doubted if she was fit for service. My lady offered to remove her for change of air to one of our farms inland. She begged and prayed, with the tears in her eyes, to be let to stop ; and in an evil hour I advised my lady to try her for a little longer. As the event proved, and as you will soon see, this was the worst advise I could have given. If I could only have looked a little way into the future, I would have taken Rosanna Spearman out of the house, then and there, with my own hand. On the twentieth, there came a note from Mr. Godfrey. He had arranged to stop at Frizing- hall that night, having occasion to consult his father on business. On the afternoon of the next day he and his two eldest sisters would ride over to us on horseback, in good time be- fore dinner. An elegant little casket in china accompanied the note presented to Miss Rachel, with her cousin's love and best wishes. Mr. Franklin had only given her a plain locket not worth half the money. My daughter Penelope nevertheless—such is the obstinacy of women— still backed him to win. Thanks be to Heaven, we have arrived at the eve of the birthday at last ! You will own, I think, that I have got you over the ground this time, without much loitering by the way. Cheer up! I'll ease you with another new chapter here—and, what is more, that chapter shall take you straight into the thick of the story. CHAPTER IX. JUNE twenty-first, the day of the birthday, was cloudy and unsettled at sunrise, but toward noon it cleared up bravely. We, in the servants' hall, began this happy anniversary, as usual, by offering our little pre- sents to Miss Rachel, with the regular speech delivered annually by me as the chief. I follow the plan adopted by the Queen in opening Par- liament—namely the plan of saying much the same thing regularly every year. Before it is delivered, my speech (like the Queen's) is looked for as eagerly as if nothing of the kind had ever been heard before. When it is delivered and turns out not to be the novelty anticipated though they grumble a little, they look forward hopefully to something newer next year. An easy people to govern, in the Parliament and in the Kitchen—that's the moral of it. After breakfast, Mr. Franklin and I had a private conference on the subject of the Moon- stone—the time having now come for removing it from the bank at Frizinghall, and placing it in Miss Rachel's own hands. Whether he had been trying to make love to his cousin again, and had got a rebuff—or whe- ther his broken rest, night after night was ag- gravating the queer contradictions and uncer- tainties in his character—I don't know. But certain it is, that Mr. Franklin failed to show himself at his best on the morning of the birth- day. He was in twenty different minds about the diamond in as many minutes. For my part I stuck fast by the plain facts as we knew them. Nothing had happened to justify us in alarming my lady on the subject of the jewel, and nothing could alter the legal obligations that now lay on Mr. Franklin to put it in his cousin's possession. That was my view of the matter, and twist, and turn it as he might he was forced in the end to make it his view too. We arranged that he was to ride over, after lunch, to Frizinghall, and bring the diamond back, with Mr. Godfrey and the two young ladies, in all probability, to keep him company on the way home again. This settled, our young gentleman went back to Miss Rachel. They consumed the whole morning, and part of the afternoon, in the everlasting business of decorating the door, Penelope standing by to mix the colors, as directed; and my lady, as luncheon-time drew near, going in and out of the room, with her handkerchief to her nose (for they used a deal of Mr. Franklin's vehicle that day), and trying vainly to get the two artists away from their work. It was 3 o'clock before they took off their aprons, and released Penelope (much the worse for the vehicle), and cleaned themselves of their mess. But they had done what they wanted—they had finished the door on the birthday, and proud enough they were of it. The griffins, cupids, and so on, were I must 0wn, most beautiful to behold ; though so many in number, so entangled in flowers and devices, and so topsy-turvy in their actions and attitudes, that you felt them unpleasantly in your head for hours after you had done with the pleasure of looking at them. If I add that Penelope ended her part of the morning's work by being sick in the back kitchen, it is in no unfriendly spirit to- ward the vehicle. No! no! It left off stinking when it dried ; and if Art requires these sort of scrifices—though the girl is my own daughter —I say, let Art have them ! Mr. Franklin snatched a morsel from the luncheon-table, and rode off to Frizinghall—to escort his cousins, as he told my lady. To fetch the Moonstone, as was privately known to him- self and to me. This being one of the high festivals on which I took my place at the side- board, in command of the attendance at table, I had plenty to occupy my mind while Mr. Franklin was away. Having seen to the wine, and reviewed my men and wo- men who were to wait at dinner, I retired to collect myself before the company came. A whiff of—you know what, and a turn at a certain book which I have had occasion to mention in these pages, composed me, body and mind I was aroused from what I am inclined to think must have been, not a nap, but a reverie, by the clatter of horses' hoofs outside, and, going to the door, received a cavalcade comprising Mr. Franklin and his three cousins, escorted by one of old Mr. Ablewhite's grooms. Mr. Godfrey struck me, strangely enough, as being like Mr. Franklin in this respect—that he did not seem to be in his customary spirits. He kindly shook hands with me as usual, and was most politely glad to see his old friend Better- edge wearing so well. But there was a sort of cloud over him, which I couldn't at all account for ; and when I asked how he had found his father in health, he answered rather shortly, "Much as usual." However, the two Miss Able- whites were cheerful enough for twenty, which more than restored the balance. They were nearlv as big as their brother ; spanking, yellow- haired, rosy lasses, overflowing with superabun- dant flesh and blood, bursting from head to foot with health and spirits. The legs of the poor horses trembled with carrying them ; and when they jumped from their saddles (without waiting to be helped), I declare they bounced on the ground as if they were made of India- rubber. Everything the Miss Ablewhites said began with a large O ; everything they did was done with a bang, and they giggled and screamed, in season and out of season, on the smallest provocation. Bouncers—that's what I call them. Under cover of the noise made by the young ladies, I had an opportunity of saying a private word to Mr. Franklin in the hall. "Have you got the diamond safe, sir ?" He nodded, and tapped the breast pocket of his coat. "Have you seen anything of the Indians?" "Not a glimpse." With that answer, he asked for my lady, and, hearing she was in the small drawing-room, went there straight. The bell rang before he had been a minute in the room, and Penelope was sent to tell Miss Rachel that Mr. Franklin Blake wanted to speak to her. Crossiug the hall about half an hour afterward I was brought to a sudden stand still by an out- break of screams from the small drawing-room. I can't say I was at all alarmed, for I recog- nized in the screams the favorite large O of the Miss Ablewhites. However, I went in (on pre- tence of asking for instructions about the dinner) to discover whether anything serious had really happened. There stood Miss Rachel at the table, like a person fascinated, with the Colonel's unlucky diamond in her hand. There, on either side of her knelt the two Bouncers, devouring the jewel with their eyes, and screaming with ecstasy every time it flashed on them in a new light. There, at the opposite side of the table, stood Mr. Godfrey, clapping his hands like a large child, and singing out softly, " Exquisite ' ex- quisite!" There sat Mr. Franklin, in a chair by the book-case, tugging at his beard, and looking anxiously toward the window. And there, at the window, stood the object he was contemplat- ing—my lady, having the extract from the Colo- nel's will in her hand, and keeping her back turned on the whole of the company. She faced me when I asked for my instructions, and I saw the family frown gathering over her eyes, and the family temper twitching at the corners of her mouth. " Come to my room in half an hour," she answered. "I shall have something to say to you then." With those words she went out. It was plain enough that she was posed by the same difficulty which had posed Mr. Franklin and me in our conference at the Shivering Sand. Was the legacy of the Moonstone a proof that she had treated her brother with cruel injustice? or was it a proof that he was worse than the worst she had ever thought of him ? Serious questions those for my lady to determine, while her daughter, innocent of all knowledge of the Colo- nel's character, stood there with the Colonel's birthday gift in her hand. Before I could leave the room, in my turn, Miss Rachel, always considerate to the old ser- vant who had been in the house when she was born, stopped me. " Look, Gabriel!" she said, and flashed the jewel before my eyes in a ray of sunlight that poured through the window. Lord bless us! it was a diamond! As large, or nearly, as a plover's egg! The light that streamed from it was like the light of the har- vest moon. When you looked down into the stone you looked into a yellow deep that drew your eyes into it so that they saw nothing else. It seemed unfathomable ; this jewel, that you could hold between your finger and thumb, seemed unfathomable as the heavens themselves. We set it in the sun, and then shut the light out of the room, and it shone awfully out of the depths of its own brightness, with a moony gleam, in the dark. N0 wonder Miss Rachel was fascina- ted ; no wonder her cousins screamed. The diamond laid such a hold on me that I burst out with as large an "O" as the Bouncers themselves. The only one of us who kept his senses was Mr. Godfrey. He put an arm round each of his sisters' waists, and, looking compas- sionately backward and forward between the diamond and me, said, " Carbon, Betteredge! mere carbon, my good friend, after all!" His object, I suppose, was to instruct me. All he did, however, was to remind me of the dinner. I hobbled off to my army of waiters down stairs. As I went out Mr. Godfrey said, " Dear old Bet- teredge, I have the truest regard for him!" He was embracing his sisters and oggling Miss Rachel while he honored me with that testimony of affection. Something like a stock of love to draw on there! Mr. Franklin was a perfect savage by comparison with him. At the end of half an hour I presented myself, as directed, in my lady's room. What passed between my mistress and me on this occasion was, in the main, a repetition of what had passed between Mr. Franklin and me at the Shivering Sand—with this difference, that I took care to keep my own counsel about the jugglers, seeing that nothing had happened to justify me in alarming my lady on this head. When I received my dismissal I could see that she took the blackest view possible of the Colo- nel's motives, and that she was bent on getting the Moonstone out of her daughter's possession at the first opportunity. On my way back to my own part of the house I was encountered by Mr. Franklin. He wanted to know if I had seen anything of his cousin Rachel. I had seen nothing of her. Could I tell him where his cousin Godfrey was? I didn't know but I began to suspect that Cousin God- frey might not be far away from Cousin Rachel. Mr. Franklin's suspicions apparently took the same turn. He tugged hard at his beard, and went and shut himself up in the library with a bang of the door that had a world of meaning in it. I was interrupted no more in the business of preparing for the birthday dinner till it was time for me to smarten myself up for receiving the company. Just as I had got my white waist- coat on, Penelope presented herself at my toilet, on pretence of brushing what little hair I have got left, and improving the tie of my white cravat. My girl was in high spirits and I saw she had something to say to me. She gave me a kiss on the top of my bald head, and whispered, "News for you, father! Miss Rachel has re- fused him." " Who's ' him?' " I asked. " The ladies' committee-man, father," says Penelope. " A nasty, sly fellow. I hate him for trying to supplant Mr. Franklin!" If I had had breath enough I should certainly have protested against this indecent way of speak- ing of an eminent philanthropic character. But my daughter happened to be improving the tie of my cravat at that moment, and the whole strength of her feelings found its way into her fingers. I never was more nearly strangled in my life. " I saw him take her away alone into the rose- garden," says Penelope. " And I waited behind the holly to see how they came back. They had gone out arm in arm, both laughing. They came back, walking separate, as grave as grave could be, and looking straight away from each other in a manner which there was no mistaking. I never was more delighted, father, in my life! There's one woman in the world who can resist Mr. Godfrey Ablewhite, at any rate, and, if I was a lady, I should be another!" Here I should have protested again. But my daughter had got the hair brush by this time, and the whole strength of her feelings had passed into that. If you are bald you will understand how she scarified me. If you are not, skip this bit, and thank God you have got something in the way of a defence between your hair brush and your head. " Just on the other side of the holly," Pene- lope went on, " Mr. Godfrey came to a stand- still. 'You prefer,' says he, ' that I should stop here as if nothing had happened?' Miss Rachel turned on him like lightning. 'You have accepted my mother's invitation,' she said , 'and you air here to meet her guests. Unless you wish to make a scandal in the house, you will remain, of course!" She went on a few steps and then seemed to relent a little. ' Let us for- get what has passed, Godfrey,' she said, ' and let us remain cousins still.' She gave him her hand. He kissed it, which I should have con- sidered taking a liberty, and then she left him. He waited a little by himself, with his head down, and his heel grinding a hole slowly in the gravel- walk ; you never saw a man look more put out in your life. ' Awkward!' he said between his teeth, when he looked up, and went on to the house—'very awkward!' If that was his opi- nion of himself, he was quite right. Awkward enough, I'm sure. And the end of it is, father, what I told you all along," cries Penelope, finish- ing me off with a last scarification, the hottest of all. " Mr. Franklin's the man!" I got possession of the hair-brush, and opened my lips to administer the reproof which, you will own, my daughter's language and conduct richly deserved. Before I could say a word the crash of car- riage-wheels outside struck in, and stopped me. The first of the dinner-company had come. Penelope instantly ran off. I put on my coat, and looked in the glass. My head was as red as a lobster, but, in other respects, I was as nicely dressed for the ceremonies of the evening as a man need be. I got into the hall just in time to announce the two first of the guests. You needn't feel particularly interested about them. Only the philanthropist's father and mother— Mr. and Mrs. Ablewhite. CHAPTER X. ONE on the top of the other, the rest of the company followed the Ablewhites till we had the whole tale of them complete. Including the family, they were twenty-four in all. It was a noble sight to see, when they were settled in their places round the dinner table, and the Rector of Frizinghall (with beautiful elocution) rose and said grace. There is no need to worry you with a list of the guests. You will meet none of them a second time—in my part of the story at any rate—with the exception of two. Those two sat on either side of Miss Rachel, who as queen of the day, was naturally the great attraction of the party. On this occasion she was more particularly the centre point to- ward which everybody's eyes were directed ; for (to my lady's secret annoyance) she wore her wonderful birthday present which eclipsed all the rest—the Moonstone. It was without any setting when it had been placed in her hands, but that universal genius, Mr. Franklin, had con- trived, with the help of his neat fingers and a little bit of silver wire, to fix it as a brooch in the bosom of her white dress. Everybody won- dered at the prodigious size and beauty of the diamond, as a matter of course. But the only two of the company who said anything out of the common way about it were those two guests I have mentioned, who sat by Miss Rachel on her right hand and her left. The guest on her left was Mr. Candy, our doctor at Frizinghall. This was a pleasant, companionable little man, with the drawback, however, I must own, of being too fond, in season and out of season, of his joke, and of plunging in rather a headlong manner into talk with strangers, without waiting to feel his way first. In society he was con- stantly making mistakes, and setting people un- intentionally by the ears together. In his medi- cal practice he was a more prudent man, pick- ing up his discretion (as his enemies said) by a kind of instinct, and proving to be generally right where more carefully conducted doctors turned out to be wrong. What he said about the diamond to Miss Rachel was said, as usual, by way of a mystification or joke. He gravely entreated her (in the interests of science) to let him take it home and burn it. " We will first heat it, Miss Rachel," says the doctor, " to such and such a degree ; then we will expose it to a current of air ; and, little by little—puff!—we evaporate the diamond, and spare you a world of anxiety about the safe keeping of a valuable precious stone!" My lady, listening with rather a care-worn expression on her face, seemed to wish that the doctor had been in earnest, and that he could have found Miss Rachel zealous enough in the cause of science to sacrifice her birthday gift. The other guest who sat on my young lady's right hand was an eminent public character being no other than the celebrated Indian travel- ler, Mr. Murthwaite, who at risk of his life had penetrated in disguise where no European had ever set foot before. This was a long, lean, wiry, brown, silent man. He had a weary look and a very steady attentive eye. It was rumored that he was tired of the humdrum life among the people in our parts, and longing to go back and wander off on the tramp again in the wild places of the East. Except what he said to Miss Rachel about her jewel, I doubt if he spoke six words, or drank so much as a single glass of wine, till through the dinner. The Moonstone was the object that interested him in the smallest degree. The fame of it seemed to have reached him, in some of those perilous Indian places where his wanderings had lain. After looking at it silently for so long a time that Miss Rachel began to get confused, he said to her in his cool immovable way, " If you ever go to India, Miss Verinder, don't take your uncle's birthday gift with you. A Hindoo dia- mond is sometimes a part of Hindoo religion. I know a certain city, and a certain temple in that city, where, dressed as you are now, your life would not be worth five minutes' purchase." Miss Rachel, safe in England was quite delighted to hear of her danger in India. The Bouncers were more delighted still, they dropped their knives and forks with a crash, and burst out to- gether vehemently, " Oh! how interesting!" My lady fidgeted in her chair, and changed the subject. As the dinner got on I became aware, little by little, that this festival was not prospering as other like festivals had prospered before it. Looking back at the birthday now, by the light of what happened afterward, I am half inclined to think that the cursed diamond must have cast a blight on the whole company. I plied them well with wine ; and, being a privileged charac- ter, followed the unpopular dishes round the table and whispered to the company, confiden- tially, " Please to change your mind, and try it ; for I know it will do you good." Nine times out of ten they changed their minds—out of regard for their old original Betteredge, they were pleased to say—but all to no purpose. There were gaps of silence in the talk, as the dinner got on, that made me feel personally uncomfort- able. When they did use their tongues again, they used them innocently, in the most unfortu- nate manner and to the worst possible purpose. Mr. Candy, the doctor, for instance, said more unlucky things than I ever knew him to say be- fore. Take one sample of the way in which he went on, and you will understand what I had to put up with at the side-board, officiating as I was in the character of a man who had the pros- perity of the festival at heart. One of our ladies present at dinner was worthy Mr. Threadgall, widow of the late Pro- fessor of that name. Talking of her deceased husband perpetually, this good lady never men- tioned to strangers that he was deceased. She thought, I suppose, that every able-bodied adult in England ought to know as much as that. In one of the gaps of silence somebody mentioned the dry and rather nasty subject of human an- atomy, whereupon good Mrs. Threadgall straightway brought in her late husband as usual, without mentioning that he was dead. Anatomy she described as the Professor's favorite recrea- tion in his leisure hours. As ill-luck would have it, Mr. Candy, sitting opposite (who knew no- thing of the deceased gentleman), heard her. Being the most polite of men he seized the op- portunity of assisting the Professor's anatomi- cal amusements on the spot. "They have got some remarkably fine skele- tons lately at the College of Surgeons," says Mr. Candy, across the table, in a loud cheerful voice " I strongly recommend the Professor, ma'am, when he next has an hour to spare, to pay them a visit." You might have heard a pin fall. The com- pany (out of respect to the Professor's memory) all sat speechless. I was behind Mrs. Thread- gall at the time, plying her confidentially with a glass of hock. She dropped her head and said, in a very low voice, " My beloved husband is no more." Unlucky Mr. Candy, hearing nothing, and miles away from suspecting the truth, went on across the table louder and politer than ever. "The Professor may not be aware," says he, " that the card of a member of the College will admit him, on any day but Sunday, between the hours of 10 and 4." Mrs. Threadgall dropped her head right into her tucker, and, in a lower voice still repeated the solemn words, "My beloved husband is no more." I winked hard at Mr. Candy across the table. Miss Rachel touched his arm. My lady looked unutterable things at him. Quito useless! On he went with a cordiality that there was no stopping anyhow. "I shall be delighted," says he, "to send the Professor my card, if you will oblige me by mentioning his present address?" "His present address, sir, is the grave," says Mrs. Threadgall suddenly losing her temper, and speaking with an emphasis and fury that made the glasses ring again. " The Professor has been dead those ten years!" "Oh, good heavens!" says Mr. Candy. Ex- cepting the Bouncers who burst out laughing, such a blank now fell on the company that they might all have been going the way of the Pro- fessor, and hailing as he did from the direction of the grave. So much for Mr. Candy. The rest of them was nearly as provoking in their different ways as the doctor himself. When they ought to have spoken, they didn't speak ; or when they did speak, they were perpetually at cross pur- poses. Mr. Godfrey, though so eloquent in pub- lie declined to exert himself in private. Whether he was sulky, or whether he was bashful, after his discomfiture in the rose garden, I can't say. He kept all his talk for the private ear of the lady who sat next to him. She was one of his committee women—a spiritually minded person, with a fine show of collar bone and a pretty taste for champagne, liked it dry, you under- stand, and plenty of it. Being close behind these two at the side-board, I can testify, from what I heard pass between them, that the com- pany lost a good deal of very improving conver- sation, which I caught up while drawing the corks, and carving the mutton, and so forth. What they said about their charities I didn't hear. When I had time to listen to them, they had got along way beyond their women to be confined, and their women to be rescued, and were buckling to on serious subjects. Religion (I understood them to say, between the corks and the carving) meant love. And love meant religion. And earth was heaven a little the worse for wear. And heaven was earth, done up again to look like new. Earth had some very objection- able people in it, but, to make amends for that, all the women in heaven would be members of a prodigious committee that never quarreled, with all the men in attendance on them as minister- ing angels .Beautiful! beautiful! But why the mischief did Mr. Godfrey keep it all to his lady and himself? Mr. Franklin again—surely, you will say, Mr. Franklin stirred the company up into making a pleasant evening of it? Nothing of the sort! He had quite recovered himself, and he was in wonderful force and spirits, Penelope having informed him, I suspect, of Mr. Godfrey's reception in the rose-garden. But, talk as ho might, nine times out of ten he pitched on the wrong subject, or he addressed himself to the wrong person ; the end of it being that he offended some, and puzzled all of them. That foreign training of his—those French and German and Italian sides of him, to which I have already alluded, came out, at my lady's hospitable board, in a most bewildering manner. What do you think, for instance, of his dis- cussing the lengths to which a married woman might let her admiration go for a man who was not her husband, and putting it in his clear- headed witty French way to the maiden aunt of the Vicar of Frizinghall ? What do you think, when he shifted to the German side, of his telling the lord of the manor while that great authority on cattle was quoting his experience in the breeding of bulls, that experience, properly understood, counted for nothing and that the proper way to breed bulls was to look deep into your own mind, evolve out of it the idea of a perfect bull, and produce him? What do you say, when our country member, growing hot at cheese and salad time about the spread of de- mocracy in England, burst out as follows : "If we once lose our ancient safeguards, Mr. Blake, I beg to ask you, what have we got left?"—what do you say to Mr. Franklin answering, from the Italian point of view : "We have got three things left, sir—love, music, and salad ?" He not only terrified the company with such out- breaks as those, but, when the English side of him turned up in due course, he lost his foreign smoothness, and, getting on the subject of the medical profession, said such downright things in ridicule of doctors, that he actually put good humored little Mr. Candy in a rage. The dispute between them began in Mr. Franklin being led—I forget how—to acknow- ledge that ho had latterly slept very badly at night. Mr. Candy thereupon told him that his nerves were all out of order, and that he ought to go through a course of medicine immediately. Mr. Franklin replied that a course of medicine, and a course of groping in the dark, meant, in his estimation, one and the same thing. Mr. Candy, hitting back smartly, said that Mr. Franklin himself was, constitutionally speaking groping in the dark after sleep, and that nothing but medicine could help him to find it. Mr. Frank- lin, keeping the ball up on his side, said he had often heard of the blind leading the blind, and now, for the first time he know what it meant. In this way they kept it going briskly, cut and thrust, till they both of them got hot—Mr. Candy, in particular, so completely losing his self-control, in defence of his profession, that my lady was obliged to interfere, and forbid the dis- puto to go on. This necessary act of authority put the last extinguisher on the spirits of the company. The talk spurted up again here and there for a minute or two at a time ; but there was a miserable lack of life and sparkle in it. The devil (or the diamond) possessed that din- ner party, and it was a relief to everybody when my mistress rose, and gave the ladies the signal to leave the gentlemen over their wine. I had just ranged the decanters in a row be- fore old Mr. Ablewhite (who represented the master of the house), when there came a sound from the terrace which startled me out of my company manners on the instant. Mr. Franklin and I looked at each other ; it was the sound of the Indian drum. As I live by bread, here were the jugglers returning to us with the return of the Moonstone to the house! As they rounded the corner of the terrace, and came in sight, I hobbled out to warn them off. But, as ill luck would have it, the two Bouncers were beforehand with me. They whizzed out on to the terrace like a couple of sky rockets, wild to see the Indians exhibit their tricks. The other ladies followed ; the gentlemen came out on their side. Before you could say "Lord, bless us !" the rogues were making their salams and the Bouncers were kissing the pretty little boy. Mr. Franklin got on one side of Miss Rachel, and I put myself behind her. If our suspicions were right, there she stood, innocent of all know- ledge of the truth, showing the Indians the diamond in the bosom of her dress! I can't tell you what tricks they performed or how they did it. What with the vexation about the dinner, and what with the provoca- tion of the rogues coming back just in the nick of time to see the jewel with their own eyes, I own I lost my head. The first thing that I remember noticing was the sudden appearance on the scene of the Indian traveller, Mr. Murth- waite. Skirting the half circle in which the gentlefolks stood or sat, he came quietly behind the jugglers, and spoke to them on a sudden in the language of their own country. If he had pricked them with a bayonet, I doubt if the Indians could have started and turned on him with more tigerish quickness than they did on hearing the first words that passed his lips. The next moment they were bowing and salaming to him in their most polite and snaky way. After a few words in the unknown tongue had passed on either side, Mr. Murthwaite withdrew us quietly as he had ap- proached. The chief Indian, who acted as an interpreter, thereupon wheeled about again to- ward the gentlefolks. I noticed that the fellow's coffee colored face had turned grey since Mr. Murthwaite had spoken to him. He bowed to my lady, and informed her that the exhibition was over. The Bouncers, indescribably disap- pointed, burst out with a loud "O!" directed against Mr. Murthwaite for stopping the per- formance. The chief Indian laid his hand humbly on his breast, and said the second time that the juggling was over. The little boy went round with the hat. The ladies withdrew to the drawing-room ; and the gentlemen (except- ing Mr. Franklin and Mr. Murthwaite) returned to their wine. I and the footman followed the Indians, and saw them safe off the premises. Going back by way of the shrubbery. I smelled tobacco, and found Mr. Franklin and Mr. Mur- thwaite (the latter smoking a cheroot) walking slowly up and down among the trees. Mr. Franklin beckoned to me to join them. " This," says Mr. Franklin, presenting me to the great traveller, " is Gabriel Betteredge, thee old servant and friend of our family of whom I epok to you just now. Tell him, if you please, what you have just told me." Mr. Murthwaite took his cheroot out of his mouth and leaned, in his weary way, against the trunk of a tree. "Mr. Betteredge," he began, " those three Indians are no more jugglers than you and I are." Here was a new surprise! I naturally asked the traveller if he had ever met with the Indians before. "Never," says Mr. Murthwaite ; "but I know what Indian juggling really is. All you have seen to-night is a very bad and clumsy imitation of it. Unless, after long experience, I am utterly mistaken, thoso men are high-caste Brahmins. I charged them with being dis- guised, and you saw how it told on them, clever as the Hindoo people are in concealing their feelings. There is a mystery about their con- duct that I can't explain. They have doubly sacrificed their caste—first, in crossing the sea ; secondly, in disguising themselves as jugglers. In the land they live in that is a tremendous sacrifice to make. There must be some very serious motive at the bottom of it, and some justification of no ordinary kind to plead for them, in recovery of their caste, when they re- turn to their own country." I was struck dumb. Mr. Murthwaite went on with his cheroot. Mr. Franklin, after what looked to me like a little private veering about between the different sides of his character, broke the silence as follows, speaking in his nice Italian manner, with his solid English founda- tion showing through : " I feel some hesitation, Mr. Murthwaite, in troubling you with family matters, in which you can have no interest, and which I am not very willing to speak of out of our own circle.r But, after what you have said, I feel bound, in the interests of Lady Verinder and her daughter, to tell you something which may possibly put the clew into your hands. I speak to you in confidence, you will oblige me, I am sure, by not forgetting that ?" With this preface he told the Indian traveller (speaking now in his clear headed French way) all that he had told me at the Shivering Sand. Even the immovable Murthwaite was so in- terested in what he heard that he let his cheroot go out. "Now," says Mr. Franklin, when he had done, " what does your experience say ?" "My experience," answered the traveller, " says that you have had more narrow escapes of your life, Mr. Franklin Blake, than I have had of mine, and that is saying a great deal." It was Mr. Franklin's turn to be astonished now. " Is it really as serious as that ?" he asked. " In my opinion it is," answered Mr. Murth- waite. " I can't doubt, after what you have told me, that the restoration of the Moonstone to its place on the forehead of the Indian idol is the motive and the justification of that sacri- fice of caste which I alluded to just now. Those men will wait their opportunity with the patience of cats, and will use it with the ferocity of tigers. How you have escaped them I can't imagine," says the eminent traveller, lighting his cheroot again, and staring hard at Mr. Franklin. "You have been carrying the dia- mond backward and forward, here and in Lon- don, and you are still a living man! Let us try and account for it. It was daylight, both times, I suppose, when you took the jewel out of the bank in London ?" " Broad daylight," says Mr. Franklin. " And plenty of people in the streets ?" " Plenty." " You settled, of course, to arrive at Lady Verinder's house at a certain time ? It's a lonely country between this and the station. Did you keep your appointment ?" "No. I arrived four hours earlier than my appointment." " I beg to congratulate you on that proceed- ing! When did you take the diamond to the bank at the town here?" " I took it an hour after I had brought it to this house—and three hours before anybody was prepared for seeing me in these parts." " I beg to congratulate you again! Did you bring it back here alone ?" " No. I happened to ride back with my cousins and the groom." " I beg to congratulate you for the third time! If you ever feel inclined to travel be- yond the civilised limits, Mr. Blake, let me know, and I will go with you. You are a lucky man." Here I struck in. This sort of thing didn't at all square with my English ideas. " You don't really mean to say, sir," I asked, "that they would have taken Mr. Franklin's life, to get their diamond, if he had given them the chance ?" " Do you smoke, Mr. Betteredge ?" says the traveller. " Yes, sir." " Do you care much for the ashes left in your pipe when you empty it ?" " No, sir." " In the country those men came from they care just as much about killing a man as you care about emptying the ashes out of your pipe. If a thousand lives stood between them and the getting back of their diamond—and if they thought they could destroy those lives without discovery—they would take them all. The sacrifice of caste is a serious thing in India, if you like. The sacrifice of life is nothing at all." I expressed my opinion upon this that they were a set of murdering thieves. Mr. Murth- waite expressed his opinion that they were a wonderful people. Mr. Franklin, expessing no opinion at all, brought us back to the mutter in hand. " They have seen the Moonstone on Miss Verinder's dress,'' he said " What is to be done ?" " What your uncle threatened to do," answered Mr. Murthwaite. " Colonel Herncastle under- stood the people he had to deal with. Send the diamond to-morrow (under guard of more than one man) to be cut up at Amsterdam. Make half a dozon diamonds of it instead of one. There is an end of its saored identity as The Moonstone—and there is an end of the con- spiracy." Mr. Franklin turned to me. "There is no help for it," he said "We must speak to Lady Verinder to-morrow." " What about to night, sir?"I asked. " Sup- pose the Indians come back ? ' Mr. Murthwaite answered me before Mr. Franklin could speak. " The Indians won't risk coming back to- night," he said. " The direct way is hardly ever the way they take to anything—let alone a matter like this, in which the slightest mis- take might be fatal to their reaching their end." " But suppose tho rogues are bolder than you think, sir?"' I persisted. " In that case," says Mr. Murthwaite, "let the dogs loose. Have you got any big dogs in the yard ?" " Two, sir. A mastiff and a bloodhound." " They will do. In the present emergency Mr. Betteredge the mastiff and the bloodhound have one great merit—they are not likely to be troubled with your scruples about the sanctity of human life." The strumming of the piano reached us from the drawing-room as he fired that shot at me. He threw away his cheroot and took Mr. Franklin's arm, to go back to the ladies. I noticed that the sky was clouding over fast as I followed them to the house. Mr. Murthwaite noticed it too. He looked round at me in his dry, drolling way, and said : " The Indians will want their umbrellas, Mr. Betteredge tonight'!" It was all very well for him to joke. But I was not an eminent traveller ; and my way in this world had not led me into playing ducks and drakes with my own life among thieves and murderers in the outlandish places of the earth. I went into my own little room, and sat down in my chair in a perspiration, and wondered helplessly what was to be done next. In this anxious frame of mind other men might have ended by working themselves up into a fever, I ended in a different way. I lit my pipe, and took a turn at Robinson Crusoe. Before I had been at it five minutes I came to this amazing bit—page one hundred and sixty one—as follows : "Fear of danger is ten thousand times more terrifying than danger itself, when apparent to the eyes ; and we find the burthen of anxiety greater, by much, than the evil which we are anxious about." The man who doesn't believe in Robinson Crusoee after that is a man with a screw looo in his understanding, or a man lost in the mist of his own self- conceit!' Argument is thrown away upon him, and pity is better reserved for some person with a livelier faith. I was for on with my second pipe, and still lost in admiration of that wonderful book, when Penelope (who had been handing round the tea) come in with her report from the drawing- room. She had left the bouncers singing a duet—words beginning with a large " O," and music to correspond. She had observed that my lady made mistakes in her game of whist for the first time in our experience of her. She had seen the great traveller asleep in a corner. She had overheard Mr. Franklin sharpening his wits on Mr. Godfrey, at the ex- pense of ladies' charities in general, and she had noticed that Mr. Godfrey hit him back again rather more smartly than became a gentleman of his benevolent character. She had detected Miss Rachel, apparently engaged in appeasing Mrs. Threadgall by showing her some photographs, and really occupied in steal- ing looks st Mr. Franklin, which no intelligent lady's maid could misinterpret for a single in- stant. Finally, she had missed Mr. Candy, the doctor, who had mysteriously disappeared from the drawing-room, and had then mysteriously returned, and entered into conversation with Mr. Godfrey. Upon the whole, things were prospering better than the experience of the dinner gave us any right to expect. If we could only hold on for another hour, old Father Time would bring up their carriages, and relieve us of them altogether. Everything wears off in this world, and even the comforting effect of Robinson Crusoe wore off after Penelope left me. I got fidgety again, and resolved on making a survey of the grounds before the rain came.e Instead of taking the footman, whose nose was human, and therefore useless in any emergency, I took the bloodhound with me. His nose for a stranger was to be de- pended on. We went of round the premises, and out into the road—and returned as wise as we went, having discovered no such thing as a lurking human creature anywhere. I chained up the dog again for the present, and, return- ing oncc more by way of the shrubbery, met two of our gentlemen coming out toward me from the drawing-room. The two were Mr. Candy and Mr. Godfrey, still (as Penelope had reported them) in conversation together, and laughing softly over some pleasant conceit of their own. I thought it rather odd that those two should have run up a friendship together but passed on, of course, without appearing to notice them. The arrival of the carriages was the signal for the arrival of the rain. It poured as if it meant to pour all night. With the exception of the doctor, whoso gig was waiting for him, the rest of the company went home snugly under cover in close carriages. I told Mr. Candy that I was afraid he would get wet through. He told me, in return, that he wondered I had ar- rived at my time of life without knowing that a doctor's skin was waterproof. So he drove away in the rain, laughing over his own little joke, and so we got rid of our dinner company. The next thing to tell is the story of the night. When the last of the guests had driven away I went back into the inner hall, and found Samuel at the side-table, presiding over the brandy and soda-water. My lady and Miss Rachel came out of the dinning-room, followed by the two gentlemen. Mr. Godfrey had some brandy and soda-water. Mr. Franklin took no- thing. He sat down, looking dead tired ; the talking on this birthday occasion had, I suppose, been too much for him. My lady, turning round to wish them good- night, looked hard at the wicked Colonel's legacy shining in her daughter's dress. "Rachel," she asked, "where are you going to put your diamond to-night ?" Miss Rachel was in high good spirits, just in that humor for talking nonsense, and perversely persisting in it as if it was sense, which you may sometimes have observed in young girls when they are highly wrought up, at the end of an ex- citing day. First, she declared she didn't know where to put the diamond. Then she said, " on her dressing table, of course, along with her other things." Then she remembered that the diamond might take to shining of itself, with its awful moony light, in the dark, and that would terrify her in the dead of the night. Then she bethought herself of an Indian cabinet which stood in her sitting-room, and instantly made up her mind to put the Indian diamond in the Indian cabinet, for the purpose of permitting two beautiful native productions to admire each other. Having let her little flow of nonsense run on as far as that point, her mother ínter- posed and stopped her. " My dear! your Indian cabinet has no lock to it," says my lady. "Good Heavens, mamma!" cries Miss Ra- chel, "is this an hotel? Are there thieves in the house>" Without taking notice of this fantastic way of talking, my lady wished the gentlemen good- night. She next turned to Miss Rachel, and kissed her. " Why not let me keep the diamond for you to night?' she asked. Miss Rachel received that proposal as she might, ten years since, have received a proposal to part her from a new doll. My lady saw there was no reasoning with her that night. " Come into my room, Rachel, the first thing to-morrow morning," she said. " I shall have something to say to you." With those last words she left us slowly ; thinking her own thoughts and, to all appearance, not best pleased with the way by which they were leading her. Miss Rachel was the next to say good-night. She shook hands first with Mr. Godfrey, who was standing at the other end of the hall, look- ing at a picture. Then she turned back to Mr. Franklin, still sitting weary and silent in a corner. What words passed between them I can't say. But standing near the old oak frame which holds our large looking glass, I saw her, reflected in it, slyly slipping the locket which Mr. Franklin had given to her out of the bosom of her dress, and showing it to him for a moment, with a smile which certainly meant something out of the common, before she tripped off to bed. This incident staggered me a little in the reliance I had previously felt on my own judgment. I began to think that Penelope might be right about the state of her young lady's affections after all. As soon as Miss Rachel left him eyes to see with, Mr. Franklin noticed me. His variable humor, shifting about everything, had shifted about the Indians already. " Betteredge," he said, "I'm half inclined to think I took Mr. Murthwaite too seriously when we had that talk in the shrubbery. I wonder whether he has been trying any of his traveller's tales on us? Do you mean to let the dogs loose ?" "I'll relieve them of their collars, sir," I answered, "and leave them free to take a turn in the night, if they smell a reason for it." "All right,' says Mr. Franklin. "We'll see what is to be done to-morrow. I am not at all disposed to alarm my aunt, Betteredge, without a very pressing reason for it. Good-night." He looked so worn and pale as he nodded to me, and took his candle to go up stairs, that I ventured to advise his having a drop of brandy and water, by way of night-cap. Mr Godfrey, walking toward us from the other end of the hall, backed me. He pressed Mr. Franklin, in the friendliest manner, to take something before he went to bed. I only note these trifling circumstances, be- cause, after all I had seen and heard that day, it pleased me to observe that our two gentlemen were on just as good terms as ever. Their war- fare of words (heard by Penelope in the draw- ing-room), and their rivalry for the best place in Miss Rachel's good graces, seemed to have set no serious difference between them. But there! they were both good tempered, and both men of the world. And there is certainly this merit in people of station, that they are not nearly so quarrelsome among each other as people of no station at all. Mr. Franklin declined the brandy and-water ; and went up stairs with Mr. Godfrey, their rooms being next door to each other. On the landing, however, either his cousin persuaded him, or he veered about and changed his mind as usual. "Perhaps I may want it in the night," he called down to me. " Send up some brandy into my room." I sent up Samuel with the brandy-and-water ; and then went out and unbuckled the dogs' collars. They both lost their heads with as- tonishment on being set loose at that time of night, and jumped upon me like a couple of puppies ! However, the rain soon cooled them down again : they lapped a drop of water each, and crept back into their kennels. As I went into the house I noticed signs in the sky which betokened a break in the weather for the better. For the present, it still poured heavily, and the ground was in a perfect sop. Samuel and I went all over the house, and shut up as usual. I examined everything my- self, and trusted nothing to my deputy on this occasion. All was safe and fast when I rested my old bones in bed, between midnight and 1 in the morning. The worries of the day had been a little too much for me, I suppose. At any rate, I had a touch of Mr. Franklin's malady that night. It was sunrise before I fell off at last into a sleep. All the time I lay awake the house was as quiet as the grave. Not a sound stirred but the splash of the rain, and the sighing of the wind among the trees as a breeze sprang up with the morning. About half past 7 I woke, and opened my window on a fine sunshiny day. The clock had struck 8, and I was just going out to chain up the dogs again, when I heard a sudden whisking of petticoats on the stairs behind me. I turned about, and there was Penelope fly- ing down after me like mad. "Father!" she screamed, " come up stairs, for God's sake! The diamond is gone ?" " Are you out of your mind ?" I asked her. " Gone!" says Penelope. " Gone, nobody knows how! Come up and see." She dragged me after her into her young lady's sitting-room, which opened into her bed- room. There, on the threshold of her bedroom door, stood Miss Rachel, almost as white in the face as the white dressing gown that clothed her. There also stood the two doors of the Indian cabinet, wide open. One of the drawers inside was pulled out as far as it would go. "Look!" says Penelope. "I myself saw Miss Rachel put the diamond into that drawer last night." I went to the cabinet. The drawer was empty. " Is this true, miss?" I asked. With a look that was not like herself, with a voice that was not like her own, Miss Rachel answered, as my daughter had answered : " The diamond is gone." Having said those words she withdrew into her bedroom, and shut and locked the door. [TO BE CONTINUED.] A LADY having spoken sharply to Dr. Parr, apologised by saying " it is thee privilege of women to talk nonsense." "No madam, it is their infirmity. Ducks would walk if they could but Nature suffers them only to waddle. THE Sacramento Times says, in the course of a report of the proceedings at a public dinner : —"The mayor, the ladies, &c.;, were appro- priately and elegantly drunk, and the party separated in fine cheer." IT is the fashion at weddings in Novada that all the gentlemen present kiss the bride, and all the ladies kiss the bridegroom, after which all the ladios and gentlemen kiss each other. Worthy of imitation. WHO is the author of this riddle on cod? It wants polish ; but it is clover enough to make one surprised that it is not more generally known. The riddle it will be observed, is given double. "Cut off my head, and singular I am ; Cut off my tail, and plural I appear ; Cut off my head and tall, and, wondrous fact, Although my middle's left, there's nothing there. " What is my first ? It is the sounding sea, What is my last? It is a flowing river. And in their mingling depths I wander free. arent of sweetest sounds, though mute for ever." A STUPID fellow tried to annoy a popular preacher by asking of him whether the fatted calf of the parable was male or female. "Female, to be sure," was the reply ; " for I see the male," looking his questioner full in the face, "yet alive in the flesh before me." WELL TOLD.—"The next morning the judge of tho ,)oheo court sent foi mo I went down and ho roceived mo coidinllj, had heard of the wondul ful things I had accomplished by knocking down li\o persons mid assaulting six others, and w as proud of ino I w as a promis- ing young man, and nil that Then ho proposed a toast " O uilty, or not guilty " 1 responded in a bnof but cloquont speech setting forth the importance of tho occasion that 1 ud brought us togttlier Altor tho usual ccronionios I was requested to lund tho city ten shillings A SoiiîilN ANbWkii -A worthy west country incumbent has a choir made up of quurrymou. Last summer ho aceompnnicd thom in un excur- sion toSulisbuiy, mid m tho courso of that well Bpont day thoy woro all grouped in front of tho gloiious cathedral llioy ga/cd in silence, then Bpoko m whispers, and at lust, being nskod by their friend what thoy thought of it, tho foremost man rojihcd for himself and follows, with a hctno of tho chest, "Sir, we all think tilt ro s a mortal deal o' stono thoro '" 'I wo darkey s in the »Vost went out to hunt 'possums, and by acculent found a largo cavo nilli a vol y small entrance Pooping in, thoy di!>co\cicd thien young bear whelps in tho in tenor " Look licah. Sam " said ono, " while 1 go in dall an' gots tno young bars, you jcBt watch boah for do old bar " Sum fell asleep in the sun, when, opening his oyes, ho Baw tho old bear making her way mto tho cave Quick as a wink ho caught hor by tho tail, and hold on like di nth "Hello, dir, Sam' what dark do bolo dar ? nskod tho d irkoy in tho cavo " Lor' bless you, Jumbo sino \oursolf, honoy ' If dis tail come out, >ou'll find out what dark da liol» ' How to Uuiisk inn London " Ronans " A suiroror by tho robbonos committtd by a body of Loudon roughs on somo of tho must publio streets in broad daylight during the passage through tho western thstuct of London of a militia rogiinont a few days ago, writes to tho Maimntj i>fai -"Hie famous march of the militia, untlor Colonel Wilson, reminds mo of an incident, that occuned at tho commenconiont of flio American war A certain Billy Wilson, of Now York, offered, provided ho woromado oolo no1 lo rinso airgiinont, every mombor of which should havo committed somo crime, or, at least, Bhauld havo boen triod for murder-tho latter being his own especial qualification Tho au fhontiea accepted the proposal, as by doing so tho city would bo ntl of ti nuisanco, and food would ho providod for powder Assembling his mon, 'Billy' thus nddiossodthom -'Boys,you slmll m ireh through Baltimore and (showing thom his watch) remember overy man in Butti* molo has got a watch like mino" When tho regiment was formod it was quietly oiderod to garrison a fort on tho out of tho way coast of Florida, but such was tho prevailing ihuruoter of the men that in loss than a week not ono re- tained an article of clothing that originally be longed to lum, each had purlomod from his neighbor rathor than wear his own " A Di spbka n " LooAr "-A local editor who carns his sawdust and "pi" in a town satuatod on tho Erie cann!, txprossctl his utiiioj anco at tho dearth of "itoms" m his vicinity thus - " It's hard woik to get up u locul column in thoBO timos Wo sei/o our over ready quill, scratch our clnssio hoad, thoro we stop Wo might inform our renders that tho weather is beautiful, but overybody tells everybody else that a do/on times a day Wo toll you what, lóenla ara scarce Horses don't full in the canal any moro Childi on aro getting so sharp now aduys that they novcr get lost Whisky is so bad that a mun is too drunk to fight aftor taking a " few," so there is nothing to write up about that Oh' joy, thoro is an excited crowd of politicians standing on the railroad and tho oxpress is coming Now, if they'll only stand und get run over, we'll bo in our glory But no ! Thoy scamper off ob though their carcussos wero vatunblo- confound the luck There's nothing to write, bo wo'U givoit up " New Fashion fob Ladies' Bonnets -We can givo our luchos good news A fashionable bonnet, newest sty Ia, and only sixpence' So snys an Tnghsh paper Now our " fashionables " can havo a now bonnet every Sunday -" Paper bonnets aro coming into uso again, made, howevor, on an entirely different plan from tho original ' Navarino,' which wero simpl, papor stamped so as to ap- pear hko straw 'lho material is now being made from Manila pulp, moulded on a block, thon spread with dissolved shellao and covered with woollen flock or clothier's watte, and pressed till it has a velvet appearance These may bo of any color At prcsont tho demand is great, but thoy can bo made at less cost than stated Mai or ml produced in the manner above described, is suscoptiblo of bomg made to appear very beautiful and quite Bhowy " Editing a Newspapfb -Many people esti- mate the ability of a newspaper, and tho in dustiy and taltnt of its editor, by tho editorial matter it contains It is comparatively an easy talk for a frothy writer to pour out daily columns of words which have no meaning His ideas may flow in ono weak, washy, everlasting flood, and his command of language may enable him to string thom together like bunches of onions , and yet his paper may be a meagre and poor concern But what is the toil of such a man, who displays his leaded matter largely, to that imposed on a judicious, well informed editor, who exorcises his vocation with an hourly consciousness of his responsibilities and duties, anddovotes himself tothe conductingof his paper with t bo care and assiduity that a lawyer bestows upon a BUit, or a humane physician upon a pa tiont, without regard to show or display In- deed, the moro written part of a papor is but a small portion of the work 'lho caro employed in selecting is far more important, and the fact of a good editor is botter known by his selec- tions than by anything olse, and that we all know is half tho battle But wo have said that an editor ought to bo esteemed, aud hu labors understood und appreciated by the general con- duct of his paper, its uniform consistent course, its principles and anns, itB manliness, its dig- nity and propriety To preserve theBO as they should bo preserved, is enough to occupy fully tho time and attention of any man A Hint to Youno Ladies -Young ladies do not know what a beautifier industry is, how their plumage, like that on tho dove's neok, play» and glances only when they move , how much men are like beasts of prey, which will touoh only what has motion 