SOUTH-EASTERN REQUIREMENTS—DEPU TATION TO THE CHIEF SECRETARY. On Thursday morning, December 10, a deputa tion from the South-Eastern District waited upon the Hon. the Chief Secretary to bring before him various matters connected with tbeir district. The deputatron was the result of a conference held at Penola in October last, at which various delegates were appointed. In addition to the Chief Secre tary (Hon. J. T. Bagot), the Attorney-General (Hon. H. B. T. Strangways), and the Treasurer (Hon. H. K. HugheB), there were present Mr. J. Eiddocb, M.P., Messrs. J. ITmpherston, and E. H. Derrington (representing Mount Gambier), Mr. VV. P. Walker (Kobe), Mr. Thomas Hinckley (Narracoorte), the Hon. W. Morgan, and Messrs. iS. M. Young, and \V. Kay. Mr. Kiddoch having introduced the deputation. The Chief! Sechetasy said he understood from a note from Mr. Derrington that there were four things which they intended to bring before the Government—the improvement of Port Mac Donnell, construction of main roads, improvement in mail arrangements, and the sale of waste lands. Mr. Ridboch having replied in the affirmative, said this visit to the Government had been brought about by a feeling of dissatisfaction in the South Eastern District, arising from the manner in which their just claims had been met by a previous Government. On the 11th June, 386", a large and influential deputation, representing the various interests of the South-Eastern District, waited upon the late Governor, Sir D. Daly, several members of the then Government being present, and iaid the wants of the district before them. In answer to their statements great promises were made, none of which had been iiulfllled; indeed, after the promise of the Government that their careful consideration should be given to the matters laid before them, they had completely violated it. So little had been done since that time that public woiks in the district had been brought to a complete standstill, and no improvements since then had been carried on there. Last session of Parliament the Govern ment introduced a Bill to provide for the construc tion of a railway, but it was now stated without any hesitation that it was not proposed to proceed with it. Then the sum of £5.000 voted to the Local Board of Main Roads was a very small amount. They would understand when he told them that after the payment of working expenses but a very small item would remain for the purpose of construction. On account of these matters, the people had re solved to kolda conference at Penola, to which per sons from all parts of the district were invited. It was there decided to send a deputation to the Government, which had been prevented from attending there .before in consequence of all the representatives not being present, and although all the gentlemen appointed had not been able to come, those present would be able to lay their case before the Government. Mr. Debbington then read the resolutions passed at the Conference as follows " Penola. October 9. "At a Conference held at Penola the following gentlemen were present as representing the various townships in the South-Eastern District, except KingstonMount Gambier, J. Umpherston and T. A, Wells; Kobe, G. Ormerod and H. Stephens; Port MacDonnell, Dr. Graham aud N. A. Lord; Penola, R. McOIure and S. McKenzie; Narracoorte, T. Hinckley and W. Robertson. It was resolved that Mr. G. Ormerod take the chair. " Resolved—That in the opinion of this Con ference a proper system of macadamized roads, under the supervision of local authority, is neces sary to meet the present requirements of the South-Eastern District. " That this Conference, finding that the Govern ment have derived from the South-Eastern Dis trict by the sale of lands, territorial and Customs revenue, the sum of nearly one million sterling, and that the amount expended for public works does not exceed the sum of about £15 >,009, are of opinion that not less than £60,999 should be placed on the Estimates for the present year, for the purpose of carrying out a system of mac adamized roads in accordance with the foregoing resolution. "That this Conference is of opinion that there are many important public works required in the district, amongst which they would wish to point out the absolute necessity for the erection of a new jetty and goods shed at Port MacDonnell, and that therefore a sum sufficient for this and other necessary works required should at once be placed on the Estimates for the present year. "That the Government be requested to place the main line of roads leading to the border of the colony, from Narracoorte to Apsley, from Penola to Sutledge, and from Mount Gambier to Lindsay upon the schedule of main roads; also the proposed direct line from Narracoorte to Wood's Wells. "That in the opinion of this Conference it is desirable to send delegates to Adelaide to represent the views of this meeting to the Government, and that one delegate from each township represented form such deputation, and that such delegates be invested with discretionary powers to act in concert with one representative as circumstances may demand." Mr. Umpheeston regretted very much that they should have to appear in such a position, but it was very evident that the South-Eastern District had received nothing but promises from the pre vious Government, which were not kept, for their wants had not been attended to. The late Govern ment bad used them worst of all, because they had held out expectations which had not been realized, as Mr. Eiddoch had mentioned. There had been a large amount of talk about a railway, but this was another item of the many which had been held out as a catch, and which hail resulted in their not receiving what they were justly entitled to. The amount received by Govern ment from their land sales was very large, and the colony had benefited by it to a great extent, hut the South- Eastern District had not had any share of expenditure in roads and other improvements except the amount voted to the Local Board of Main Roads. He considered that the action of the late Government had been caused either by inte rest in other parts or prejudice against the district. The resolutions that had been read merely referred to matters that came up for discussion, but the subject in which they were most interested was that of roads. The solution they came to was that a system of stone roads -would be most I advantageous to them. With regard to the amount that had been asked for by petition for this purpose (£60,000), it might appear large under the circumstances in which the colony was at preseut placed, but if such an amount as that proposed for the construction of a line of railway was expended, it would involve the annual payment of a large amount of interest, and the sum lliey applied for compared to tills was very little. Again, looking at the land sales, many thousands per month had been coming into the Treasury from this source, and all that he saw on the Estimates in return was about the amount received during one mouth. With regard to the localities where this money should be laid out, he thought their Local Board had acted very judiciously in the past, and they might be safely trusted to expend it when required. On the subject of mail com munication, this at present was far from being satisfactory, and he hoped the Govern ment would see the necessity that existed for the | adoption of a more improved system, which would not only benefit the district, but facilitate business with the capital. One road that had been asked for across the Border was promised last year when he was in town, and he was surprised that it had : not been carried cut. The people at Jiarracoorte were completely shut oat without it. Mr. Hinckley had no doubt that the gentlemeu who had enjoyed the journey to town would admit i that it was desirable to have some improved means of communication. The question was how was it to be done. The late Government, they were aware, had proposed a variety of schemes, amongst ! them being a railway line from Mount Gambier to Narracoorte, and if it was desirable to establish railway communication at the present time in their district, that would be the proper direction for it. Then came the question of whether it would be a payable concern; and with respect to the proposed line from Lacepede Bay to some place near Lake Kadnite, lie believed there was no one in the district would advocate it. Living at Narracoorte, as far as he was personally concerned it would suit him as well as auy, but it would be a large amount of money thrown away, and he should be sorry therefore to see it constructed. Viewing it iu the most favourable light, he regarded it as a speculation on the part of the Government which would best serve another colony. There were a few thousand acres of agricultural land through which it would pass, and this was the only piece which would benefit by it. He imagined that such a work as this ought to emanate from the inhabitants themselves and the people whom it was intended to serve, and not one of them in this case had suggested such a thing. Proper com munication was, however, wanted, and very badly, ton. in wintertime, it being a matter of the greatest difficulty in getting about; and the Conference had arrived at the conclusion that a system of stone roads made on the least expensive principle would be most desirable for the district. The opinion generally expressed by all was that a railway would not be a payable speculation. He had considered the matter, and thought that the majority of the roads might be constructed at a cost of about £500 or £600 per mile, reducing them in width. The land sales frequently held in the district took away a very large amount of money, that some one i bad to find. This came to Adelaide, and thev I never heard of it again; and they felt, with a great | deal of justice he thought, that this was hardly the I course which should be adopted towards them. | (Hear, hear.) They would be far better without ; any land sales at all at this rate. There was a j road leading from Narracoorte to Apsley, and i about a year and a half ago an agreement was i made by Mr. Magarey and a part of the ] district to exchange another road for it, so as to have a direct line to the township. Government to fence in the line and open the road. The Govern ment had failed to carry out their promise to do this, and there they were still. There was no outlet whatever to Narracoorte except across private pro perty, the owners of which were unwilling to close up this road because of the inconvenience it would occasion to those who were not to blame in the matter. He thought if the Government, instead of laying out an amount of £600,000 for a railway, would let them have an amount equal to the annual interest of that sum it would be of much more benefit to the district. Mr. Derrington did not wish to detain the Government by unnecessary details, hut would say they came on this occasion to represent the wants of their district, and this deputation was simply a re-echo of what had beeu laid before the Government in June of last year. On that occasion various promises were made, none of which had been carried out. Dis tinct promises were given with regard to the establishment of a local Land Office, branch Treasury, and so on, and they were ratified by a subsequent letter about the ISth July. They felt that tire Government had recognised the wants of their district by the various measures put forward —especially the railway scheme proposed, but withdrawn—and they were now left with the ghost of a promise that some sort of scheme would 'oe carried out. He wished, however, to cr'i>£c!u!!j' direct tc* to the question of road communication, which would, it was thought, meet their require ments better for the present. It had already been said that all public works in the district were stopped, and the Local Koad Board, when the first instalment of the amount for the construction and maintenance of roads in the South-Eastern District for the current year was placed to their credit, folded their arms in despair, as there was no possi bility of accomplishing the work with such a small amount. The Government received £120,090 a year from the land sales in the South East, and according to the old rule one-ihird of that should be devoted to the construction of bridges, roads, &c.;, giving £40,000 per annum to the district as their legitimate right. They had not received this. The Government had had over one million from them from various sources, and the whole of the works in the district did not exceed £sE0,0Q9, thus leaving a large balance to their credit. The Government admitting this, then came the question bow should this be met? There had been proposed a plan which he thought would do. Suppose the sum he had mentioned, £49,000, was due. It was possible for the Government to make an arrange ment to borrow £200,000 at a low rate of inte rest, say 6 per cent., divide it into five annual instalments, securing the interest and principal by the returns from the land sales. This would not embarrass the Government, and would be simply an anticipation of the land revenue; and the expenditure of this £40,000 per annum would enable the lioad Board to carry out its works effectively. At the present time they had a large traffic, not only from their own territory, but from Victoria. This year several new stations on the Victorian side, instead of sending their wool to Geelongand Melbourne, sentit toPortMacDonnell, and no fewer than 3,200 bales had already been shipped, and it was expected that there were 3,000 more on the road. Between Penola and Mount Gambiet there was an extent of road—about 15 miles—which was simply a sandheap, along which the large traffic had cut up, and in the course of another month it would present a barrier to the traffic northward, and stop the trade between them and Victoria. In winter tune auother portion of the road north of Penola was rendered impas sable. being of a rich ioamv clav. and he wasiusti lied in stating that it would have been impossible during the last winter to carry on mail commnni tion had not several gentlemen opened private land to allow the mail to travcL He need scarcely say more on this point* but he was quite prepared in detail to show that the interests of the South East were really recognised by the Government, who felt that these things required to he attended to. With regard to the improvements at Fort MacDonnell, the sum of £1,000 for removal of obstructions would largely increase their shipping security. He referred them to the chart of the har bour, on which from competent authorities he was able to say that the clearing of a boat-channel from the moorings to the jetty would meet the case for the present. He would remind them that the insurance offices in Melbourne and London did not charge more on shipping produce from there than at any other port in the colony. This wa3 urgently required, because the best facilities in the interior would be almost useless without the means.of shipping their produce iu safety. He would not take up their time on tbe question of postal communication, as Mr. Kay, the Chairman of the Chamber of Commerce, had attended to express his views on the matter; but be would simply say that the opening up of the Coo rong and the adoption of anew line surveyed from Wood's Wells to Narracoorte would hasteu the delivery of the mails at Mount Gambier about eight hours, and an alteration of the time-table would unite the South Australian and Victorian mails, placing the city within about 64 hours of Melbourne. Mr. Walkeb had not an opportunity of being present at the Conference, ana Mr. George Orme rod, his brother delegate, had been unable to stand the journey to town, so that he was at some disadvantage. He might say, however, that the opinion expressed at Kobe Town was strongly in favour of requesting Government to vote a certain amount of money to be placed under the control of tbe Local Board, and distributed in the district pro rata. Every satisfaction had been expressed at the manner in which that Board had laid out the money placed at its disposal, and it had made great improvements in clearing the roads from Kobe to Narracoorte, Penola, and Kingston—roads over which travellers had to take long stages in the dark. It was uot necessary for him to enter into their individual wants. He attended merely to ask the Government to lay out tbe money under the control of the Local Boaid. It was very desirable that the roads should be improved, because from the northern part of the country— from the Wimmera—the natural roads leading to Geelong, Portland, and Melbourne were very superior, and if they wished to gain the trade something must be done to reduce the cost of cartage. To show that Kobe Town was entitled to some consideration he had some figures from the Customs returns there which showed the number of bales of wool shipped from there to be 73,214, the value of which was £1,4154,864, and the number of foreign vessels arriving there gave some idea of the trade. Mr. E. M. Yoxjsg was of opinion that the South-East District up to the present time had not received proper consideration, not only from the Government, but the colony generally. It was only within the last few years that they had heard anything about it at all. All its great interests had been connected with Victoria, and it had only been by the strong representations of those who took an interest in it that had done so much in bringing its trade to Adelaide. (Bear.) Ue was of opinion that not only the roads, but every other public work carried out there were nothing more than its just share of the expen diture derived from the ordinary revenue from it— the land 6ales proceeds—and devoted by Acts of Parliament to the general benefit of other parts of the colony. He would point out that in reality the South-East District had benefited hut ivery little from the million of money derived from it. (Hear, hear.) Its chief population had been drawn from Victoria, and it was able to support ten times the population it had at present. Upon the question of railways he was personally, and he thought the majority of the colonists were opposed to the Government making them as a speculation. If they were- undertaken at all it should be on a system of guarautee, as in India and other parts of the world: but they were not sufficiently advanced even for this. The North line tlirought their most papulous districts, the Treasurer had conclusively shown, was conferring no benefit upon them whatever, except simply accommodation. It was not necessary to show a 6 per cent, income derivable from a line, but it should be shown that there was a likelihood of receiving sufficient to keep it in proper repair. He thought if they had a scheme of stone road com munication, giving a broader and more expensive road where required, and carrying out cheaper roads, as made by the District Councils, in the less populous districts, it would be what the South Eastern District required. (Bear, hear.) Mr. Derriugton had spoken of a scheme which he (Mr. Young) mentioned to the deputation a few days ago. He thought the Local Eoad Board should be placed in such a position now as to be able to go to any monetary individuals and ask for an advance equal to the amount that they could ask the Government for as their fair share of the revenue from land sales at the end of the year. He had put forward this scheme solely with a view of meeting the objac ion which would naturally come from the Chief Secretary or the Treasurer, that the finances of the colony would not bear it; but he considered they might safely give the Local Board, whose zeal and efficiency had been testified to, funds to anticipate what the Government would give them on the 1st January, ISfO. This would only be doing justice to the district, and it might be done in the way already alluded to—by the Go vernment, instead of spending £003,000 on a railway line and paying £10,003 per annum—at the rate of 6 per] cent.—handing over to the Board an amount equal to this interest, which would be no more expense than the country would be put to for interest on the larger sum. As to the question of Port MacDonnell, he could not call it a good harbour, and he could safely say the same for all the other harbours in South Australia, except the Port Ade laide Creek, but he thought it was the duty of the Government to improve it. It was evident that the population in that part of the district had only Port MacDonnell as an outlet for their produce, and even supposing that insurance, freights, and other expenses were higher there, the simple cost of the haulage from there overland to Lacepede Bay would he considerably more than the extra risk on shippingat Port MacDonnelL But this was not so. The insurance, freight, and other charges he knew from liis own knowledge were the same there as at any other port, and he was instru mental in some degree in getting South Australian ports placed upon that footing. He need say no more upon the subject, but would say that these steps were necessary for the good government of the coloay, and he hoped means would be at once adopted to bring Melbourne and Adelaide within easy commuuicatiou. Mr. \V. Kay bad only within the last two or three days been asked by Mr. Kiddaeh and others, as Chairman of the Chamber of Commerce, to speak upon the subject of postal communication. Jt had been before the Chamber several times, and there was but one unanimous feeling upon it. There was a very general opinion amongst the commercial public of the colony that this large and district—the South-Eastem District important required an amount of fostering care on the part of the Government which it had not received. (Hear, hear.) More particularly upon the subject of postal communication theie were two important questions which seemed to him could he taken up on it. First, they had a large and fine district separated to some extent from a large portion of the colony by a tract of inhospitable territory, which, in their time at all events, would not be made much use of. It appeared to be the duty of the Government to find that route which would most rapidly connect that district with Adelaide. In addition to this there was the fact that their overland communication with Melbourne must for all time to come go through Mount Garnbier country. This had been for some time a subject of debate between the Post-Ofiice authorities and the Chamber, and some mcnths ago an alteration was made on the Melbourne side, shortening the time between there and Penola. It was more desirable to shorten the route between Adelaide aud Penola, so as to do away with the great delay which at present existed, aud make the journey through to Melbourne by the Wood's Wells line in about 65 hours. At present between four aud five days were occupied, the mail leaving Adelaide on a Thursday, and not reaching Melbourne until Tuesday. He was informed that allowing a very moderate rate of seven and a half miles an hour, the time irom Adelaide to Penola could be reduced to 31J bours. making the whole time to Melbourne about three days. On behalf of the mercantile commu nity he respectfully urged upon the Government the necessity of immediate steps being taken to Bhorten the time between the South-Eastern Dis trict and Adelaide, and also to reduce the time now occupied between Adelaide and Victoria. The Hon. W. Mopgax appeared there more to re ' present the trading community of South Australia, I i.r.-i he wished to point out the importance of the South-Eastern trade to Adelaide. Whereas, some three or four years ago, nearly all that trade vent to Victoria, nov nine-tenths of it came to Adelaide. This was a fact worthy their serious attention. He should not attempt to argue the question of railways against macadamized roads, because he apprehended that the views of the inhabitants of the district, which were in favour of the latter, were entitled to great weight with the Government; as they were the opinions of a representative Con ference; and a great argument in favour of the construction of stone roads, which would suit the requirements of the district, was that used by Mir. Hinckley, who stated that £500 or £600 per mile would be sufficient. (Mr. Hinckley—" fieduced width.") His own view was rather in favour of a railway; but with a fact like this before him, he could not pretend to say it would be best. He had had some experience with regard to the overland route to Melbourne, and the practical effect of it was that the South Australian mail got to Penola at 10 or 11 a.m., the mail for Melbourne having left at 5 o'clock the same morning, so that a passenger had to wait from Saturday to Monday. He thought there were good grounds why the Government should accede to the request of the deputation to improve the harbour at Port MacDonnelL He had been conneclcd wth an insurance office for 10 years, and bad as the port was, there was no diffi culty in getting marine risks upon vessels. He sympathized with the object of thelleputation, and would impress on the Government that the South Eastern District had good claims upon them. The Attorney-General (Hon. H. B. T. Strang ways)—What is the average cost of road metal per cubic yard, stacked at the roadside? Mr. Hinckley—About 5s. 6d, a yard. The Chief Secretary (Hon. J. T. Bagot) thanked the deputation for the information they had given him respecting the South-East. There could be no doubt that upon an important question like this it was desirable the Government should have information, and he was pleased to receive it from gentlemen so well connected with the inte rests of the district. The next remark he should make was to assure them that the Government could not make auy promises at the present moment. The deputation came up to urge certain matters upon the Government, and they had been put forward very ably by the gentlemen who nad spoken. At the same time the Go vernment would have to give these subjects their consideration in connection with other parts of the colony before they could make any special promises. It bad been said that a former Govern ment had made promises which were not carried out; he should be very sorry for the present Government to do the same, and whatever pro mises they made he hoped would be performed. (Hear, hear.) As far as the railway was concerned, from what he had heard from the deputation he uenevea tue people wisnea to do witnout it. xiie Government had abandoned one of the lines— from Lacepedc Bay to the Border—and as fat as the other was concerned, this was for the consi deration of the Government. He was sorry the gentlemen who composed the deputation, in stating what they wanted m the South-East, had not taken notice of the important drainage works, which he believed would be of considerable advantage to the district, and for which the Government ought to have some credit given them for carrying out. Air. Hinckley observed that he considered it a Government speculation for the purpose of selling the land. The Chief Secretary—A portion of the pro ceeds of the land would be expended in the district, therefore it was an advantage to them as well as to the Government. They could not look upon it as a speculation of the Government, because they were not in a position to speculate, and Govern ments did not generally speculate. Mr. (Jhpherston remarked that they came to the Government with the question of roads mainly; but if the Government would look at the matter, they would sec that if this laud did not realize an amount over the upset price, it was really a bad speculation. The Chief Secretary knew that it was not the intention of the deputation to urge any particular road, as was frequently done, but they wished the whole district to be benefited. (Hear, hear.) There fore he looked upon the drainage works being carried out in an important part of the district as an advantage to the whole. Ho doubt the deputa tion bad made out a strong case, and as tbe South Eastern people wished to have ordinary roads in stead of railways the Government would consider that question very seriously, as also the handing i over the money to the Local Board. HtheGovcm i ment borrowed the South East would get the benefit of it, but it was impossible now to give any ! answer to the scheme proposed by Mr. Llerring.on I and Mr. Young, to borrow a large sum of money for disposal in the South-East District, and deduct [ it from the land revenue. He promised on the , part of the Government that they would take this j into consideration with the other matters which had been laid before them. With regard to the establishment of a Land Office, he knew there was a promise originally made to that effect, but in the short time this Govern ment had been in office they had not lost sight of it. (Hear.) As to the question urged by Mr. Kay, the Government had stated on a former occasion that they were prepared to call for tenders for the conveyance of the mails by Wood's Wells, instead of the present line. The matter was referred to the Postmaster-General, but it appeared advisable to wait until June, 1869, as to make a change now would require a considerable outlay. The Govern ment were, however, anxious to facilitate commu nication between this and the other colony, and would endeavour to carry out the wishes of the I commercial community. They had not altogether i lost sight of the interests of the South- Eastern District, having introduced a Circuit Court Bill for | the more speedy disposal of their prisoners. (A ! laugh.) He did not think there was anything : more, but he thanked them for their information, j and said most sincerely that the Government I would give their consideration to the questions ! brought before them. I Air. Riddoch wished to point out that, although I £49,000 seemed a large amount to ask for roads, it i would only be placing them on a footing with the I other Board, and half the amount derived from the ! sales of land in the colony came from that district. ! A strong feeling seemed to be gaining ground that ! the interests of the district has been sacrificed to I the interests of a few in other parts of the colony, i The Treasurer (Bon. H. K. Hughes) would be glad to have a decided answer from the deputation upon one question, which the gentlemen appointed by the Conference would be perhaps qualified to assist the Government in arriving at a decision upon. Mr. Reynolds's motion now before the House pressed upon the Government the im mediate necessity of carrying out what he termed a connecting line between Port Caroline and MacDonnell Bay by way of Narracoorte. Air. Reynolds professed to know more about the South- j East than most of them, and he would like to have a decided expression of opinion as to whether Air. Reynolds expressed the views of the district, or whether the views of the deputation were at variance with his. Air. Riddoch said Air. Hinckley had gone most fully into the matter, and was largely interested in .Narracoorte, which would be benefited most by the line. Qe would say what the feeling of the people was there. Air. Hixcklex said there was a good metalled road part of the way from MacDonnell Bay to Narracoorte, but there were two pieces of the road which required making—one at Tarpeena, and tbe other at a swamp called the Slough of Despond. This would be more expensive than £500 a mile, but when these pieces were made there would be | good communication at all seasons of the year. The Conference, as a general principle, wished not to take any particular part into consideration, but they went upon general grounds, and wished to have good internal communication provided for the South-East. Air. Riddoch: having thanked the Chief Secre tary, the deputation then withdrew. 