TKE RACES. Satvhuay. 25tii Januarv. The members of TaUemll's Club may be very cordially thanked by the sporting portion of the public for the eminently successful way in which, they carried out all their arrangements in connection with the Duke's Day Races, on Saturday last. Every thing that could be done to render the meeting pleasant and enjoyable was done ; and as the weather woe as bright and Eunny as the most ardent pleasure seeker could desire, the result of so much earnest effort in the direction of amusement could not be' failure. 'Wie contesting horses, for tbe most part, ?were not in the very first rank of Australian cracks j and their performances on Saturday may not have presented any very novel or admirable features. But there eon be no two opinions as to the thorough enjoyment which Saturday's race meeting afforded to many thousands ef onr fellow-citizens. There never was a merrier or more agreeable meeting of any kind I ?whatever. ^ The public gave itself up completely and unre- ' servedly to the festivities of the season. Business appeared to be -wholly and almost unanimously tabooed. The changes and chances of commercial life, with all its multifarious coucems, its ledgers, and bills, and credits and invoices, and other weapons of the atra cvra — were forgotten as utterly as though they had never existed. Everybody was jocund and gay ; everybody was bent on being very jolly and very loyal and as, in this case, loyalty and jollity were most agreeably mingled, there were no obstacles in tlie way of hilarity. At the game time it must be noH&th;&t; the people, though hilarious, kept within ttfffxHUida of .propriety. -Then was plenty of fdnvand a very moderate amount of folly. Even using,, the servum pttu* — the throngs , of : brawny lalipuren and city Arabs, and speculative gentle - m&£«rder and sobriety reigned. There was com jpaittmly nothing in the shape of a . disturbance dniUk the day ; and though the coturfte was crowded wijh people of all ranks and degrees fas it has rarely, if CTet-. been crowded before), there' did aot occur a sinoe unpleasant Incident of sufficient importance to beSrcorded. We don't mean to aay that no exu bewat gentleman took more liquor than was good forflbn ; or that policemen were rendered as unneces sara^fc-they would be in Utopia ; or that everybody wcggoMney and nobody lost. On the contrary, there seemed' to be an extraordinary demand for vinous ? refijafaents — a constant strain upon the .zeal and eneffir 6f the gentleman in blue— and numerous tranws of coin from the pockets of the unwary to thofe' Of the 'knowing oms.' But there were no gre^treaches of decorum. It. would be almost impossible to estimate the numj&et; of people present ot to give anything like a cosln idea of the \aKed and animated scene. Sydney itself must, during the afternoon, have been welfttjgh deserted. The toad for some distance on the loam side of the course and far up on the Rand witraulls, was lined with omnibuses and cabs wait ingfo take home the spectators when the sport was end|d. There could not have been less than thirty thotMind persons on the ground at one period of the daySSThe various stands were crowded with visitors, andlvn each side ef the running ground therf ' were dense multitudes backed up by a jftfalanx of carts, cabs, carriages, and every other known species of vehicle. Four-in. hanitdrags seemed to be popular (Royalty having set the fashion), for there were four or five upon the coune. In one case the ambition of the iehu ap pealed to exceed his ability, for after a brilliant but erratic career, during which he took the wheel off a cab, i|pd performed sundry other exploits, he tried to drivffitver a fence by the roadside and came inglo riou^ to grief. The driver of ihe four-ia-hand, however, was not singular in his misfortune. The homMt'ard track was so crowded with vehicles, that driviAr along it was a task of difficulty not unattended with danger. Breakdowns were frequent and collisions incessant, but beyond damages to wheels, shafts, and panels, no injuries were done; The gambling fraternity — that most unnecessary evil— wbb in great force. In defiance of the police, the card sharkers and thimble riggers carried on their little swindle with much vigour and profit. They even in vaded' the sacred precincts of tbe Grand Stand: Refreshment booths were set up in tbe usual places and Were throughout the day cramful of thirsty humanity. There were some groups of itinerant musicians ; and a trio of nigger melodists, who howled and chattered (as according to popular super stition) the enslaved African was accustomed to howl and chatter over his agrarian toils on the banks of the Mississippi. Shortly before 1 o'clock his Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh drove into the saddling paddock,; | managing his four greys with the dexterity of one who wl been well prac'tiied'in handling the ribbons., His Royal Highness was dressed in plain clothes, and | wias accompanied by Earl Belmore, : Lord Newry, ; Lord Bertrand Gordon, the Hon. Eliot ¥orke, and; other, .gentlemen. On making: his appearance in : | the Jockey Club Stand, the band struck up i the ' National Anthem,' and the people ' cheered with much heartiness for several : moment 8. After this demonstration of loyalty i the public had the good taste to refrain from any j irksome attention to the Prince, who was suffered to i walk (bout the saddling paddock and amuse himself I without having hundreds ? of curious eyes riveted : upon him. He remained until after the. last race, and was loudly cheered as he drove away. Lady I Belmore and suite arrived soon after the Prince, and was -followed by Sir George and Lady Bowen, who j were attended . by Mj. Lempriere. * Luncheon for hiB Reyal Highness and suite was provided by Mr. W. X. O'Brien, of Tattersall's, and was laid out in a spacious marquee erected within the saddling paddock. The bill-of-fare included not only all the delicacies of the season, but many culinary novelties which were peculiarly of a colonial character, as fo* instance wonga -wonga pigeons, and various other specimens of native game. A haunch of alpaca also formed part of the bill-of- fare. The wines were excel lent, and the company, numbering twenty-five, includ ing the Earl and Countess of Belmore, Sir George and Lady Bowen, and other ladies and gentlemen present by invitation, did ample justice to tne fare, Mr. O'Brien alto, according to his usual custom, provided a sumptuous luncheon for the members of the jockey Club, and for the public under the Grand Stand; and bad' moreover transferred to the Yaind place jicntidtrable auantitiee of hiB most enticing liquids', Ihe splendid' band of the 50th Regimen', was stationed in 'rent of Ihe 'Stand and played a variety of tunes throughout the day. The programme provided by the committee was an exceedingly good one, and we are persuaded that no one person of the twenty or thirty thousand who as sembled to see the Prince and witness the sport will take exception to the statement that the racing was : excellent. There were seven events upon the card, and in six cf these the finish between the first end second horses was very close. There were fifty- three starters for. the seven races, giving an average of over seven for each. The first event upon the card was ihe Handicap Hurdle Race, ; for which four faced the flag. Another — Bredbo — . was in the yard, ready for saddling, but at the last mc-mont the jockey (Dowlihg) engaged to ride her could not be found, and hence Mr. Harnett was re ' luctantly compelled to scratch her. Comet carrying top wejgh', started Brat favourite at even money ; bat great it is the uncertainty of favorities pulling off the ' good things' in fiat races, the uncertainty of jump- . ing riices are increased a thousandfold, and Saturday ifunmhed, another illustration of the fallacy of trusting ' to a favourite to land the dollars. Cornet led from ithe start, and took the first fence cleverly, but he rtfuEed lhc second, and again, and again baulked at the third leap, and it was not until the race was neatly over that he could be induced to go / over ' it. Whether the fault was that i-t the terse or the rider we cannot say ; but the sight bf his Hulking so repeatedly wafi annoying in the ex jtreme-#iot only to Jris gallant owner, but to those who h«& trusted the horse with money. Meanwhile , the Jlam took the leap and went off with the lead. Eke ftU et the sixth fence, but her jockey was speedily, on her back again, and making no other mistake; ran home on easy winner. Doctor and Gratis^both came to grief-^-the latter twice— and hence lq$t their chance. Doctor was the cleanest jumperfjbf the four, and but for his misfortune in falling'p'ould have made a very, close race of it as he sLowcf£tt great dash of foot. The Maiden Plate, as everjbwly expected, was won by Italian, although he wadfery closely pressed by Sir John at the finish. The Ibor must have been sent to save his stake h . he had not the ghost of. a chance with &e; other pair. The next race was for Tattcn&U;'s Club Cup, and had it been run on thc|/I&t; of the month (in the absence of Prince AlfredjLwould have been the great race of the meet ing ; fiaw it w£S second in importance to the race for the Date's Stakes. A couple of the^Cup horses, howe carried more money' than all tbe fourteen in the'Dtije's Stakes, inasmuch as the entries have bpen in mot#£han four months. The entries closed with eighteau. iiominatioHS ; these were reduced by setatcmngs to eleven on the caTd, and half the originti. number finally faced the flag. There was only oib horse in the race that did not rise and fall in public estimation as time went on, and this one was Bulgitojbar, who held tbe position of first favourite from thfelime the entries were in up to the evening prior to* ihe race. And even then, and on the course as we)), although he was quoted at half a point more than North Aus ralian, and consequently was nomintUy only second favourite, no one cared to lay egainst him. ar.d in point of fact, had no nio:iey to lay es the bookmaker# were all full. lt?re we may rerraikjon the facility with which the sporting public of Sydqey. pick out winners. True, other horses in the race — Beatrice and Phoebe, Promise and The Pitsford -rhavefbeenXjacked for a good deal of money at vt lioui'prices, principally long prices ; but nothing eo mttch as the two that ran first and second, and durmgj.be last few days, and on tlie course, no horse was bailed for any amount except Bglgimbar and Northmustralibn, and these not only ran first and 6 tcon^Sbiit at the finish went right away from every. thingjHee in the race. The finish betwein them was very Irak and up to the last, two or three strides it was doubpuSwheihcrHolmcs, upon North Australian, would nut lift; Jiis horse in first or make a dead licat of it. Premier,' to the surprise of everybody, ran third, ' althougKhe was a long way behind North Australian. The titit resulted, as everybody cxpEcted, inaurotest, which is not yet decided. The finish between 'NYhi&er; and Lady Don was pretty close, but ac cording Ho the ruleB of trotting both ought to be disqualified, as both horses broke into a canter in one pnrtioa -of the race. Pluto and Dick were such a i'ig'. way in tbe rear of the lending pair that no on? t)iouJ;ht,io Tvatch whether tliev broke or not. The selling; race resulted in a 'sell' to the bankers of the ^vouritee, aB the race was won by a rank out sider! .although, to all appearances, every bersc was ' I* S i f made to do his utmost to win. The Duke ef Edin burgh Stakes attracted the large number of fourteen runners, and produced an excellent contest. Most people looked to Gulnare or Carnation to win them money in this race, while Italian Whynot, Orlando, and North Australian, had supporters, but no one thought the Cup winner, with his ten pounds ad ditional to carry, could be in the front at the finish. Singular as it was however Bulgimbar landed the good tiling by a length for his owner (who after a long ran of ill luck has turned up a winner), and proved either that the handicap was a bad one or that the horse was of a far finer quality than that for which the handicappers gave him credit. A very luge number of people, in common (doubtless) with his owner, regret that Bulgimbar is not in the Sydney Cup. Hambledon Hill showed by his running iu this race that he is not the duffer that Bome people have been in the habit of writing him down, ana had he been ia anything approaching the condition which he exhibited at the last Autumn Meeting he would have landed this stake. The moBt curious thing in the betting on this race was to see the people backing Italian and utterly neglecting Sir John. Iu the Maiden Plate, one mile and a half, Sir John carrying seventeen pounds more than Italian ran the black horse to a head. In the Duke's Stakes, one mile and three quarters, - Italian's weight was the same as in ' the ' Maiden Plate, while Sir John carried twenty-seven pounds less than he carried in the Maiden Plate; it was, therefore, all Lombard-street to a China orange that the Baronet would beat the black horse here, and so the event proved. The last event upon the card was the New Year's Gift ; and all that it is necessary to say about it is, that Rainsworth — after being baSked to win a mint of money in the Duke's Stakes — was struck out of it at ten minutes to midnight of Friday last to be reserved for thiB race; — that he started first favourite, with odds on him, and won it in a canter. We have only to add that Mr. Brackenreg suc ceeded in getting the horses away upon equal terms with each other, in nearly every instance; while Mr. Walford, as Judge, and Mr. Henfrey, as Clerk of the course, left nothing to be desired. We append a more detailed account of the racing. First Race. — Handicap Hurdle Race of 3 sovereigns each, 60 sovereigns added, half-forfeit ; second horse to receive 10 sovereigns from the prize ; twice round .and a distance,- over eight hurdles four feet high. j Mr. I. T. Ryan's b m Mountain Maid, 5 years, 10 st, 3 lbs. 1 (Chiffnej) ... ... ... ... ... ... 1 - Cordcaui'E ch g Doctor, 6 yean, 9 et. 5 lbs. (Callagher) ... 2 A. Thompson's br h Gratis, aged, B »t. 10 lbs. Colonel W'addy'e b g Comet, aged, 11 St. - Betting: Even on Comet, 3 to 2 against Mountain Maid, 3 to 1 against Gratis.'' r'' ' *' A good start was. effected,' Comet taking the lead, with Mountain Maid.seoond, Doctor third, and Gratis fourth,. All. went cle^verly, over the first hurdle and passed the xocks in. the same' order,' the pace~ being, very Blo#.~BWlfe'c'onIihg to'the second hurdle Gratis went up into third place, and then into pecondJTComet baulking at tKe~'leap,' Doctor falling over^it, ^and Mountain Maid getting clear over and' Belong lead ; Gratis, who also took the jump in ^good ' style^after a . refusal, being second. . MduhfafiT Maid'' kept'on ait a band gallop, taking all .her; jump?-b{-aut ifuUy.S and Doctor, having' Rot over the / second hurnle,' Icame up and went over .the third ' cleverlyt: Odinet baulking again, just as Mountain'' Maid' .was' flying tnfer' the' fourth hurdle. Doctor'- f»ot - up into second place as Gratis refused ,th*e\\.tbfrcl hurdle, and fell to the rear. In taking her eix^h leap Mountain Maid struck her fo'otagainst the top bar and fell heavily. She was soon lip again. towever, apparently none the worse for her spill, and cleared the rest of the barriers with : ease, winning by a long distance. Doctor, who saving his mishap at the second hurdle took all his leaps in splendid style was second. 'Comet and Gratis .baulked at nearly every jump, and the former fell , once, severely braising his jockey. Time, 6 mmntes SB seconds. Second Race.— Tattersall's Club Maiden Stakes of . 6 sovereigns eacb, 2 sovereigns forfeit, with 150 sove reigns added, for all msiden. horses at the time of entrance (including winners of two-year-old stakes). Penalties for winning thereafter— once, fi lb. ; twice or more, 7 lb. extra. Second hozse to receive 20 sovereigns from the prize, andthe third horse to save his stake. . 1| mile. Mr. B. Dlnea'e blk c Italian, 3 years (6 lb. extra) 8 st. (J. Woods) ... ... ... ... ... ... 1 Cbaafe br c Sir Jobs, 1 years (5 lb extra) 9 st. 8 lb. (Bo west ... ... ... ,., ... ... 2 J JDe Clouett's blk g The Moor, 4 years 8 (t. 11 IB. (T. Toy) ... ? ? ? S Betting : 2 to 1, and 6 to 2, on Italian. Three horses only out of a card of six made their appearance at the starting-post. At the fall of ihe Bag the horses went away together, Italian having a slight lead, with Sir John second, and the Moor third. : Is 'this order, but straying out a little, they passed : the jStand, and at the Rocks closed apis. Sir John. ; increasing the. pace*- and .going #0 theSont»i;A^^le : back of the course, the Moor fell off, '~sind. left the other two to finish by themselves: Italian ibt .itp. alongside .the brown horse, and* raced neck and neck, with hits up 'to* tEp' Derby' Cojner, 'where. Sir John fell back 'a. little. Entering the' rails, Italian was leading, hard held, by. about; a length. Sir John made an effort and came up neck and neck, but was forced to retire, Italian winning' by about a head. The Moor was nowhere. ' ' Time: 2 minutes 53 seconds. Third Race. — Tattersall's ..Clpb Club, valae .20 sovereigns, with 250 sovereigns in ejptecie added to-' handicap sweepstakes pf;16. sovereigns'each ; 5 sow- j reigns forfeit ; for all horses. ' 2 miles;. Secpnd.h6r8e 40 sovereigns, third Eorse. 10, sovereigns from the prize. Tke winner of any h'atfdiciip nfter the declara tion of weights to carry 3 lb. ; - two or more 5 lb. extra. .'. . Mr. A. Bonnon's b b Bulgimbar, 5 years, S st (Thompson) ... 1 11\. rriLg'e b c North Australian, i jean, 7 21. 12 lbs. (Holmes) ... ... ... ... ... - ... 2' VI. Ruddle's cti p Premier, aged, 8 Et 2 lbs. (Ruddle) ... 3 A Lodct's br h Tbe Fiuford, 5 years, 8 st. 6 lbs. K. Let's ch f rhffibe, 4 yeare,£ lb. extra, 7 et. XI lbs. W. Balditia's b m- Beatrice, 3 years (8 lb. extra).- 7 ft. 13 lbe. -1. Gibbon's b h Hambtedon II ill, ^ years, T st. ID lba. J. Chastens br cEmerald, 4 years,, 7 et. 21bs7 . ' ' Wrench ne br h Fromise, 4 yeara, 7 at. * ' Betting : 2 to 1 against North Australian, 5 to 2 s gainst Bulgimbar, 4 to 1 against Beatrice, 5 to 1 against The Pitsford, 6 to 1 against Phecbe, 10 to 1 fach against Premier, Hambledon Hill and Promise, 20 to 1 against Emerald. ' After a couple bf attempts the horses were started en pretty equal texms. Premier getting the lead, with ' Emerald second, North Australian third, Hambleton Hill fourth, arid Pitsford last of all.? This order was maintained past the Trainers' Stand, , where Emerald went to the front and came up the straight with (a long lead, Premier being second, and North Austra- ; lian third. Pitsford was still in the background, but j seemed to be closing up. Passing the stand the three , first horses kept the orderstatedabove, Promise being fourth, Beatrice fifth, the Hill sixth, Bulgimbar | seventh, Pitsford eighth, and Phoebe last of all. Along the back the same order was maintained, ex cept that North Australian displaced the Premier and took second place. Then the three leading horses got together in a ruck, Emerald falling into third place, and the Queensland horse shewing the way. Bulgimbar then went up, and, at the Denison turn, took third place, Emerald dropping- to the rear. Coming up the straight Bulgimbar led, with North Australian close up, but flogging hard. Bulgimbar won by a neck, North Australian second, and Premier a bad third. \- Time 3 minutes 391 seconds. Fourth Race. — The Trotting stakes of 75 sovereigns, added to a sweepstakes of 5 sovereigns each, for all horses in harness, half forfeit. Second horse* to re ceive 15 sovereigns from the prize. Twice round and a distance. Mr. A. Bart's br g Whisker, aged (Drisco'l) ... ... 1 J. Moloney's gr m Lady Don, aged (Henry) ... ... 2 W. K. Hall's br g Dick, aged J. Patrick's be. bg Flute (late Fool), agedi Betting : even on Whisker, and even on Lady Don, ! the latter having the call; 3 to 1 against each of the other two. The horses were started well. Whisker getting a slight lead, and Lsdv Don second piece. Dick third, and Pluto last. Just after passing the stand, Lady Don went to the front, and Dick broke into a canter. At the back Whisker went up very close to tho grey, but broke and fe'l back, Dick trotting well in third place. At the Derby Corner Whisker went up again and succeeded in collaring the mare, but broke again. He kept en, however, and on entering the rails was about two lengths behind her ladyship. Passing the stand Whisker got up nearly level with the mare, but fell back against the rocks, Dick and Plato being a long way behind. At the back of the course Whisker stretched out, got alongside the lady, and at last took the lead. At the Derby Comer Lady Don tried to come up, but could not succeed, and 'Whisker won easily by about a length. T'me : 7 minutes 52 seconds. Fifth Race.— Selling Stakes of 50 sovereigns, added to a sweepEtake of 1 sovereign each, for all horses ; weight for age ; second horse to receive 10 sovereigns from the prize ; 1 mile. The winner to be sold bjr auction immediately after the race for £50 ; if entered for £40 allowed 10 lb. ; if for £30 allowed 18 lb. ; if for £20, 28 lb. Any surplus to go to the fund. Mr, 'W. C. Freeman'ebm Casino, 6 years, £20, 7 Pt 1 lb (Moore) 1 A Bowman's grin Maritana, 6 years, £20,7 stllb (L. (MarUneer) ... .,, ... ... ... ... 2 \- E. Lee's ch g Hamlet, aged, £30, 7 et 8 lb (Lewis) .» 3 Archer's b g Unknown, aged, £20, 7 et 3 lb BlUyard's b c Dispatch, aged, £90, 7 st 13 lb HeldhooaeV br g George 1st, aged, £20, 7 et 3 lb Clancy's b g Jack, 4 years, £20. 6 st 9 lb De Clouett'e ro g Pacha, aged, £20, 7et 3 lb T. Stewart's blk «o Blatk Bess, 5 years, £20, 7 st 1 lb T. Ivory 'a Wild DayreU, S years, £20, 7 st 1 lb f. fowles's b I Ada, 3 years, £30, 6 et 2 lb. Betting : 2 to 1 against Wild DayreU, 3 to 1 against Maritana, 4 to 1 against Hamlet, from 6 to I to 10 to 1 against any other ; the winner not mentioned. A good Btait was effected Maritana going away with the lead, Hamlet second, and Pacha third. At the back the horses strung out, Maritana increasing her lead. At the Derby corner Hamlet went up ana on entering die tails was alongside of the grey mare whose jockey began to fiog. Casino then came up with a rush and won by about a length, Maritana second and Hamlet third. Time : 1 minute 18 seconds. Sixth Race. — Duke of Edinburgh Stakes (Handi cap) of 5 sovereigns each, 2 sovereigns forfeit, with ] 250 sovereigns added; second horse to receive 25 sovereigns from the stake. The winner of any han dicap after declaration of weights to carry 3 lb. ; of two or more 5 lb. extra. The winner of Tattersall's Cup to carry 7 lbs. additional to other penalties ; If mile. ' ' Mr. A. Eswmao'fl b h Buta'mbar 6 years (tn. 10 lbs j additjoaal) 9 st. S lbs. (Thompson) ... ... ... J 1 M. Gibbons's b c Hambledon Hill, 4 years, 7 et 8 lbs (Corry) ... ... ... - ... ... ... 2 J. Chasfe ns br h 61r John, 4 years, 7st 4 lbs (Finn) 3 W. G. Orbell's gr g Whynot, S years, 1 et (Dennett) ... i E. Lee's ch m Gnlnate, 8 st 7 lbs ? B. Rlcharda's b h Bioter, aged 8st6 lbs W. Buddie's b g Duke of Athol, aged, 8 st 4 lbs Hon. B. Pring's b c North Australian, 4 years 8 st 4 lbs Mr. It. Dines'e blk c Italian, 3 years, 6 at J. Tait's b g Archer, aged, 7 st 12 lbs Edwards ns b c Fromise, 4 years, 7 st 4 lbs J. De Clouett's blk g The Moor, S years, 7 st 2 lbs W, Town's br e Orlando, 4 years, 6 st 4 lbs Dr. Bowker'e b f Carnation, 8 years, 6 st 2 lbs. Betting: 5 to 2 agaihBt Guln&re;, 3 to 1 againat Carnation, 5 to 1 against Italian, 6 to 1 each, against Why-not end Orlando, 7 to 1 against North. Australian, *8 to 1 against Bulgimbar, 10 to 1 against any other. , . . At. the. fall of the flag, the horses started on their journey on fair terms, Italian getting the best place» and Bulgimbar the worst. Passing the stand, Sic John was leading, with Italian second, Orlando third, and Carnation fourth. At the Rocks Italian west to the front again, and Why-not got into fifth place. At the back ef the course Sir John again took the lead, Italian going Becokid, and Why-not getting third best position. At the Deuison Turn ^hey wpro ' ali in'a lump, but Why-not soon ehowed,1n jfront, with Sir John second and Bulgimbar going- up. Entering tbe rails, Bulgimbar and Hambleton Hill came out of tbe ruck, ana in a few minutes wete peck and neck in front of everything. Bulgimbar, how ever!'' shook off the Hill, and ran' home* an - easy winner by a length, Sir Johii. third, 'and Why-not Tourthr'-.''--^ '' Time : 3 mi&vtes; 16 seconds. Seventh Race.— The New Year's Gift of . 7 6 sove reigns; added to a handicap sweepstake of 6 sore reigns each ; half-forfeit, lor all horses ; lj mile ; Second horse to receive 15 sovereigns from the prize. 'Mr. J. Arktas'schhfUinawnth, 6years,9st 31b (Martineer) 1 . A- F. Man ton's b g Albany, 4 years, 8 et 10 lb (L. Martineer) ... ... ... ;.. ... 2 A. Cornwall's blk c Blondin, 4 yean, 7 et E lb (Moore) ... S J. Tait's b g Archer, aged. 7 at 12 lb W. Town's br c Orlando, 8 years, 6 et 7 lb W. Cosgrove's gr m Lady Benson, 6 years, S st 12 lb. Betting: Even and 5 to 4 on Rainsworth; 4 te 1 against Blondin, 5- to 1 against Orlando, 6 to 1 against Albany. Lady Benson took the lead from the 'jnmp, and was followed by Archer, Albany, and Rains worth, who were pretty close together. .Along the far gide of the course Lady Benson kept the lead, until on approach ing the Trainer's Stand, Archer went to the front, and all the horses dosed up together.' 'Albany then went to the fore, but on fentering the railfeUjl to give place to Rainsworth who got a good lead. The whip was used pretty vigorously upon Albany's flanks but to no ptvpose, Rainsworth winning easily, Albany second, and Blondin third. Time : 2 minutes 18 seconds. This concluded the races on the card, and in a very short time theconrse was deserted. 