THE GHOST OF THE NORTHERN TERRITORY. If there are among the candidates for election to next Parliament any men of weak nerves and excitable temperaments, we would recommend them to withdraw at once. They are endeavouring to force an entrance into a Chamber of Horrors, and to associate themselves with a haunted Parlia ment. Too true, alas! the next Assembly which meets on North-terrace will have to face "spirits of the vasty deep"—from the Gulf of Carpentaria. The ghosts of mur dered innocents will shriek and squeal round. Mr. Speaker's chair. The guardian angel ef Arnheim's Land will rise in judgment against the noisy imbecility which has disturbed its primeval repose. A horsehair wig, with a stern judicial face under it, will float like Macbeth's dagger before the eyes of Parliamentary land- jobbers who cannot fulfil their contracts. The division-list of October, 1866, will hang from the reporters' gallery like Belshazzar's mysterious writing on the walL The rubi- cund face of Arthur Blyth will present itself surrounded with a halo of prophetic glory, and from its lips will re-echo the peroration which closed the great debate on the, refunding resolutions — " The House might postpone this question for a time; but the day of reckoning with purchasers, who were neither few nor insignificant, would come, and then they would not look back with pleasure at their having allowed an opportunity to settle the question to slip." Prom one point of view it is a pity that the new Ministerial scheme cannot be sub- mitted to the same Parliament which rejected the far more reasonable compromise of 1866. New members will not be able to realize the full extent of the folly then committed and the aggravation of the difficulty which has since arisen. From another point of view it may be better that the original contest should not be revived, for nothing but mutual recrimination, mingled, perhaps, with blubber- ing repentance, could have come out of it. The question of " Who killed cock robin?" is not to be decided by the little boys who threw the stones, but by the impartial spectators who stood by and watched the operation. We maintained at the time, and have frequently repeated since, that the arrangement proposed by the Blyth Ministry was the best escape for us out of the Northern Territory muddle. In the words of Mr. Blyth himself, a valuable opportunity was then allowed to slip, and if the public wish to trace the origin of our present degrading situation it must be sought for in that fatal neglect. All who participated in it will now be wishing to vindicate themselves, and not without reason. It is far from being our function or our desire to excite the public mind against them, or to aggra- vate their regret at the unexpected sequel There will be more occasion to defend them by bringing to light all the extenuating circumstances of the case. The Assembly by its refusal to adopt a certain course rendered itself responsible for the con sequences of its non- adoption, though not for these consequences being so bad as they have proved. A Ministerial policy was submitted to it, and rejected with ridi cule, as pusillanimous. Yet it allowed the pusillanimous Ministry to retain office without dictating to. it a better policy. Those who voted against the resolutions said in effect to the Government, "You may do anything else you please but this one thing, which you think you ought to do." The result is that nothing at all has been done, and the Assembly, in endea- vouring to avoid an imaginary discredit, has made it tenfold worse. One member after another asserted that there was still plenty of time to survey the land and put the purchasers in possession. "While disclaim ing responsibility plenty of good advice was offered, and the fact of too much of it having been accepted was in no small degree the cause of the succeeding failure. Mr. Bright, whose having sat on the Northern Territory Commission gave him a right to do the paternal and dogmatic, recom- mended a new survey at Anson Bay. The Hon. H. B. T. Strangways, with his accus- tomed coutempt for other people's difficul- ties, thought "there was no necessity for pressing the surveys at the present rime, and that a fuller examination of the country should be made." The Government first tried to please Bright, then to please Strang- ways, and between the two stools the whole affair has thus fallen to the ground. Within a fortnight after the October debate an ad- vertisement appeared, inviting tenders for the survey of 300,000 acres of land "lying between the east, arm of Port Darwin and the Daly Range, south to Anson Bay.'' The tenders were to be at per acre, either including all costs, both of survey and transit, or of survey only. A date was to be stated for the survey to commence, and a period within which it would be finished, under a penalty of £50 per day for non- completion. On the 10th December follow ing eleven tenders had been received, and on the 12th they were reported upon by the Surveyor-General. Of course, as everybody had an opinion of his own about the Northern Territory, it was not to be expected that so great an official as Mr, Goyder would allow the ill-fated subject to pass sub silcntio. After particularizing the tenders, he ' pre- faces his decision upon them with "were it satisfactorily established that the best site had been chosen, I should not hesitate to recommend, &c.; ; but from the evidence obtained by the Select Committee, and the offer of one of the firms to effect the survey at a less cost else- where, it appears that such is far from being the case." In short, Mr. Goyder, being an exclusive believer in Wright, Woods, and Hamilton and the Victoria River, " re- gretted that any particular site had been named" in the advertisement. To remedy this vital error, it was necessary that a person should be appointed to select a site before any tender was accepted, and that he should be instructed to give special attention to the Victoria River. Captain Cadell turning up opportunely about this time, the tenders were shelved,' and the famous "circum- ambient" commission issued in the beginning of 1867. The Government, after being driven from pillar to post by friendly advisers, made a slight demonstration of originality to finish with, as we read in the now classic passage:—"Prior to my departure from Adelaide, it was agreed between the Hon. Chief Secretary and myself that, ceteris paribus, the Liverpool River was, par excel- lence, the starting point of civilization." The non-publication of Captain Cadell's instructions leaves a missing link in our chain of evidence. It is important to ascer- tain whether or not the Government were then suitably impressed with the necessity of dispatch. Had they anticipated a loss of twelve months out of the remaining two years in merely searching for a site they can never have supposed that the land would be surveyed at all. They had before them the eleven tenders for surveying it, and the shortest period specified in any of these was 417 days from the date of commencement, or 492 days from the acceptance of the tender, say 16 months. Messrs. Wright, Woods, and Hamilton said they hoped to be able to ac- complish it in one season, but they " could not engage to do it under so heavy a penalty as £50 a day." Two other tenderers specified sixteen months from the date of commence- ment and a fifth asked for two years and a half. All the others discreetly left the period blank. Without flying in the teeth of pro- fessional authority, it was impossible to allow less than two clear seasons for the survey, and to secure these the survey party should have left along with Captain Cadell. Up to this point Mr. Blyth's Ministry had acted prudently and in good faith; but at the last moment both these virtues seem to have deserted them. And yet, forsooth, the present Government has been almost goaded into an infinitely worse blunder. Never in all our political experience has there been a nearer approach to insanity than the proposal to attempt a forced survey now when barely a single season would be available for it. Operations could not be commenced before the end of May, and, according to Captain Cadell, they would be stopped by the rainy season in the beginning of October; "allowing just four months for what four times as much has been demanded by experienced surveyors. And the question of expense, too, has been wofully caricatured by recent theorists. The Government did not require to have amateur estimates forced down their throat to aggra- vate their desperation. They had the full particulars of cost embodied in these eleven tenders. The price per acre varied from 11d. to 4s. 4d—a convincing proof of the value of surveyors' estimates. The total cost as cal- culated by the Surveyor-General, inclusive of transit and protection, would have varied from £11,250 to £65,000. But the only tenders which he deemed worthy of consi- deration were unfortunately among the highest, namely, No. 8, Wright, Woods, and Hamilton, for Victoria River, £43,750; for Anson Bay, £55,000; and No. 11, J. and A. Woods & Co., £65,000. If the Govern- ment of 1866 had adopted our new doctrine of survey at any price that is what would have been to pay for it. Had the present Government adopted it there would have been still more to pay, and a painful mis- giving besides that the money was being thrown away. Little as we think of the Government scheme, or rather much as we despise it, we can be thankful in view of the surveying mania which prevails out of doors that it is no worse. 