THE ANTI-MARRIAGE MANIA. TALKING of cold mutton and families, reminds me of celibacy. Why is this I sudden madness for matrimony ? The English papers are fall of the enthral- ing theme, and even some of our Aus- tralian journals have condescended to notice it. It appears that the young men in England, and the world generally, do not see their way to sup- porting a wife upon nothing to speak of and a Government appointment. The old story about " love in a cottage " has been disentombed from the grave of sentimentality, and its sad-eyed ghost stalks through the pages of one's morning paper. I thought that in these practical times we had disabused our minds of that pleasant superstition —I imagined that nobody married unless they could afford that luxury, and that we were all practical and positive, instead of theoretical and negative. Youth and beauty are both dead. The first have given way to indifferentism and late hours, and the second has been swallowed up by Madame Rachel and Parisian fashions. There are no boys older than six, and no girls older than twelve. " If old age only were able, and if youth only knew," cries the French wit, " what a world this would be !" Alas, nowadays youth know too much. " We are arrant knaves all. Believe none of us." And they don't. Women don't love in these times — they marry : a great difference; and men love and don't marry : a greater difference. So the old- word machine is out of gear, and society is outraged. This is philosophy, and, like most philosophy, it exagger- ates. We are not much worse than our forefathers. It is the custom to cry down the age. I do it because others do. For my own part, I think that the world is a very good world, and that life is very endurable. It is merely a question of gastric-juice. If we are sentimental by constitution, let us read poetry and be happy; if we are practical by constitution let us cut axe- handles and be happy; the worst of it is that the practical people will try and write poetry, and the poetical people are compelled by hard fate to cut axe-handles. This is why we get bad axe-handles and worse poetry ; and unless we establish a com- pany which will reform humanity, and put down human nature, I am afraid we shall never be thoroughly comfort able.—The Peripatetic Philosopher. 