A SKETCH PROM THB ACTUAL. By this time we had reached the entrance to Tr afcreefc, and when I dismissed the cab my companion led the way to her lodgings. Verily, that street did ?look the abode of sin and wretchedness. The cor aer-house — as in almost every street of Liverpool — '» 'was a 'gin palace,' and the Iit?ht that flashed from it revealed a row of filthy and dilapidated house3 on either, side. Most of the street, excepting the im ? mediate neighbourhood of the 1'gin palace,' was fearfully dark. . Tliat was the drunkard's El Dorado. There he was nightly decoyed to spend his earnings, whilst his wife and children suffered from want at kbme. The bat was crowded with brawling men, whilst painted women, in loose attire, hovered round the door, ringing curses and blasphemy in the : ' ears of the passer-by. Further down, and a group *?£ little shoe-blacks wer« playing 'pitch aad toss.' A lamp burning in the windows of a barber's shop ';...- i»Te them sufficient light. The earnestness with which they thus gambled the few pennies they had flamed during 'the day, . was fearful to contemplate. in lnianc voices &ney; cousigueu. c«;u uout,i «^ «'~ devil, and muttered 'a curse with every coin they pitched to the *' bob.' gome of their companions, ' ' who had got no pence to gamble, amused themselves .by standing on their heads3 and performed sundry . difficult movements with.' their muddy feet turned 'towards the stars, to the great delight of the raan of guds who stood at his door, complacently looking on. Through the dark and narrow courts, and round the ?\ dprners, mysterious men .skulked. They avoided ?' the light for reasons best-known to themselves. One ??' «6nld nob help feeling uncomfortable passing through aaeh a piace. . , 'For ovev all, there bangs a cloud of fear, [ ?? ; . ?; : A 'scene of mystery the spirit daunted, Which said, as plain as whispers in the ear, ... The place, is haunted.' ? :1 ?'.. Aye ! so it was. Haunted by \« ant, and crime, — . ?'??' and woe. Haunted by the poor lost wanderer of. '' ' 4:, the 'pave, and by the desperate burglar. Haunted' - ?;??;? too, it may be, by the ghosts of slaughtered women aid children ; for the annals o£ Liverpool crime toll . '.' ;©f murders committed ia .that street. .-/,.,=.. , ?,.. At length rtiy guide stopped before a house, from ; .?'?'' which tltu rat* had -long since fled^if— -as they tell Taa ? 'those animals Vanish from a place that is likely ie fall. It wits a four-; storey house, and a faint light issued from almost every window .of it; for iu \- each room some wretched family dwelfc. Bundles of «ld rags were substituted in many places for glass. From the eellav of this heuse came women's voiclfs, in shrill and angry tones. ' -„ - We procured a light, aad then mounted to the third storey by. a frail staircase. Here the woraaa tijieneda doer, and, shading the eaadle, moved across the room. We entered towards a miserable bed. 'Softly, sir, if you please,' Bhe aaid, looking round; 'the poor, thing is sleeping. She gets so little sleep, 'twould be a pity to' disturb 'her.' J But the sleep of the sick is ever light and restles0, 1 and the mother's whispered caution awoke the (laugh- ' *? Motlier,'-:she^reamily 'said, 'I was uneasy, you was so long away. I feared something happened to you.' ??.'.:?'? 'No, acAora,' the mother replied,' thank God I'm safe bactt to, you again ; an' this gentleman has «omo to sea yon, snl I have some nice tbiugs that'll make you strong.' I approached the -bed, and the poor girl baked towards res' with a quiet and melancholy look, and merely said, 'God reward him, he is very kind/' DeathVsosnbre. angel was not far off. - One eould ?fancy, ©ne saw its sable wings' canopying that lowly bed, whereon the dying girl lay. One could fancy '6ne heard the. flap of those wings in that siJesfc, ,' ; .. cheerless :rocTtii, as if preparing to carry the soul to judgment. . , . . After a small draught of wine she seemed to ?'' gather a liUle strength. — ?' Mother, como nearer to . me,' she saicl, ''till t tell you the beautiful dream I had while you was away.' ' . . '' / The mother crouched over the bed, and I; drew nearer to oaten her words. ? . 'I ''thought we was back in green,, Ireland again, Jarae.% an' the whole of us livin' iu the little farm quiet ah' happy, as we used to before the bad 'times came, an' I thought lhab 'twas the mouth of 'May, an' that uie an' James was children again goiug about the titfU-' booking for flowers to dress up the picture of God's holy Mother that used to hang in the little back, room, an' I thought the sun was ' shining nn' the biris singing so bright and sweet, ' that me and Jj*me» sat. down alongside of -the stream, that flow*l, you remember, at the three acre lawn, t» eon ourselves au' listen to the song. Soon we — heard tua bkuT-iug of the. la'aib, and we looked ? roan) an' saw » little oue, white as the drivuri snow, ?a1 I thought U came up and laid down hard hy us, ? an' put iti iiwuj iufco ««y lap. We made a necklace ,-.?'.- the1!!, I- thought, of aome of the flowers wo were ?-? ^:\\\'--/i^^vV'-??:k)1-l*'--aul-'*-w-t'^t ''''^ lacab. ? TheJi,vI \^'?;^;^.i??ttoa^Jh^:^'w.B.i?;r-»ugllt?it??homDl;?.?all'?'?h^ti^.opiM???ia'e? ! 7-V' ' httle roo.ii whttry the piciare'of ' the'ltferoed Virgin \- ??'. '''?'? ?'., 'hung. Afiw «Hp»-cr, £' 'tnought, ? me aa' James brought some warm milk to ttvd it, but iaatead of ' '' ftt knis, w« ioinA a beautifu-1 cra««, wifcH ike image. of our Lord hung on it. Some, way or other, I the whole of sty dream then changed at oncef mother, an' I thought I was standing alone iu a broken boat that kept moving — moving away from the land, out to the broad rough sea. Bays and nights' seemed to go by, an' I was still in that old boat tossing on the waves, an' I thought there was terrible looking things swimmin' round about.' me, the longing for the old home, an' a seat among y« by the kitchen hearth, came over me then ae strong and natural as if I was awake. The black despair was coming, fast around my heart, an' I -lay .? down' iu the bottom of the old boat to die. There I lay 1. thought, looking up at the cold far stars, bat without any hope. At lastv I thought the boat struck against something, an' I sat up an' looked, an' there befere me, I saw a rock, in the middle o£ the sea, an' all the top of it was covered with four lea.f ahamroeks, an old man stood among them, an' I thought he reached me hh hand and took me out of the boat. ' Ah, Mary,' ' he- said to me, ' I thought aiary, me lamn is wauin^ ior you. . ne sent me. to take youwhereyou'll see your father, and where you'll be sad do more. An' I thought I asked him who he was, an' that be said, 'I am St. Patrick, Mary.' With that I awoke. 'Oh mother,' she continued^ ' wasn't it a beautifnl dreani ?' 'It was so, an' sure enough your dhrame is out alanive ! Grod did send us some relief, praise be to his holy name !— -We'll have enough for .to-morrow, ;:: and who knows what may come after.' - ; The girl's features assumed that quiet and melan choly look again which the memory of her dream had chased away for a little while, with a. sad ^shaKe of the head, she answered— : ,.,.. ... . ' ' Mother, dear mofcherpit would be cruel to hide; the truth from you.- I kiio^' I'm dying; I feel the life and strength leaving- me fast, an' I know that was the meaning of my xlream-.'' I'm not sorry, for going. But wlien I think of you, mother, I almost wish I couKl Hvfe,.-a kittle longer, until James comes back, for something tells irte he -will come. I used to,.hop».ihat I'd see poor Ireland before I'd die; a sight of the old woods there, an' the bright green hills would bo so pleasant ; and I used to hope thafe I'd be buried in the grave yari at-home near .my father, an' the grass make the' graves look, like gardens : bufc the poor can't have. their way»'.,After a pause she resumed with something' like i impatience in her. tone --'Oh, I don't think God ever willed we should be hunted from cuv home the way we' was: we did nothing wrong, an' 'twasn't our fault, sure, if the times carac bad. Oh, 'tis a sad, sad th.ing that a body couldn't live and die. where ' Tfoicj 1,-sedt .them. ???????_;?? _ ? ? ?? ?? ?????? Poor girl ! five years absence did not alienate' her thoughts from the old .woods .and green hills- of ;3&ria.; The memory haunted ber pillow yet, wove With the spell of sleep retuiuisceuc&s; of her early days, and her departing spirit was -troubled because shfe could not die at home. . ' Achor a mac/tree slhiff / you'll kill your, poor mother if you.' talk of dying,' said the woman weep |ng. 'You won't die ashore. You. won't leave me, Mary, for I couldn't live at all without you. When ,y&ur; fatlier died 'twas a heavy stroke, but -I got over it, for you an' James was spared me. Then James didn't como back to us. I thought iny heart would bre-ik ; but you was by me still, an' your love brought comforfe. It's all I have now iu the wide, world. , Oh, you will not ilic, mavoo.rneen. Shure 'twould be «ruel to leave me among the strangers alone, alone.' The daughter raiBed her hand from the wretched' counterpane that, covered her, and with which she had been -feebly' to} ing, and placed it -across libr eyes. Then two large tears stole bright aad slowly from beneath those wan fingers, and rested on her wan check. Both' were silent now, and it w«.« dis tressing to see them — the one swaying her body to and fro in umtc and tearless sorrow — her hands tightly clasping her knee, and that vague kind of expression in her eye that pains one to look at — the other silently dropping tears upon the threshold of the. grave, wishing for her mother's sake to linger yefc a littlo while in the world where lier treatment had been eo cruel. Api-roaching footsteps roused the mother and daughter irotu their sorrowful pause. The ou« hastily rcse up to open the deor, whilst the other eagerly fixed her eyes upon it. Visitors to their poor lodging were bo few that they wondered who it might be : or, perhaps, the conviction that the lost one hbil at Lost returned, flashed upon them at the same moment. If was, indeed, James, Mary's pro phecy, . that he would yet come back, was fulfilled. Perhaps we ate wrong in treating &a; altogether a superstition that beautiful belief, which imputea prescience to the dying— which emUodice the idea, that those oa the verge of the tomb can Bee' some ?f the mysteries beyond. Who can tel! ? v ' Tao iSrst wild meteting over between the mother aed.*^9a, the latter tarned to the bed, and stooping ftvertha girl, Visaed her, whi-Ia he sobbed cm* ' Oh, aiitar Ma^y I wbat has happened to you f 'JaiBCB, dearest Jaine-, U's all God's wiU, an' sow that I know you will take care of mother, I don'i fe«l it's a bit lonesome to die.' v 'ffeut you muun't die, Mary. You'll live to be happy with us yet. I have enough to make vis all bo; andlVevH go home to Ireland.' ... Tji.el girl turned her head aside as if to conceal her ^motion. ..Aye, she would dearly like to see aguifr Jthe old familiar places where she and James uaesjlfto play, but the opportnnity came too late. ?TKe ''tears fell frejsly from the brother and sister, !iud were mingled and lost in the crushed straw that formed the dying girl's pallet. Did I Bay those l«afc ? rYeej lost to human gaze, but surely not to God's. Perhaps at that moment the girl's guardian spirit was 'gathering' them up, to have them carried wi(jh, the soul it attended: on earth, before God's footstool, iii order that they may be registered in the judgment book, amongst the hideous wrongs' already- written there ; and swell the cry for retribu tion on those who have so cruelly trampled on the Irish race and nation. ' 'Yes,' put in the metKer, ' we thought you was lost from us for ever, James. What happened that you .was ho long away from us ?' ? ? ? In answer to these questions, he briefly told them how hU ship had been wrecked on the coast of Australia.; how all the crew except himself and two others were'lost; how he went with those two to the^/gQld diggings, where fortune rewarded their labsrs'v How when the gold was divided his share came -Uf ,$800— -and how with this, to him, vast aum^u|e hastened home to enjoy it with his mother ?and- -Sister. — 'This morning,' he continued, 'I ^c'om'e ashore, and I'm ever since trying to make you out. '? .;' At liisfc, I called to the priest, and he told me ye had- left hia parish* but that you, mother, met him a week' ago, arid begged he would come to see Mary, aa you thought she was dying. It was he directed me here. Hee'ing I had better l&we; these poor people to themselves now, I bid them good nigbtj and'promis-' ing to, call again on the morrow, took iny departure. I was about to knock at the doer of my d\velling when I saw the policeman, who had given me the friendly advice when snarling ou my journey, coming towjirds me with that ' never-in-a-hurry kind of ? striii'e peculiar to city members of. the force.' A few dopvs below, from a well lighted underground kitehen, a' aavory ' odor came forth, 'proclaiming, more ''eloquent than words, that a supper was being prepared. Cook and the housemaid were pre paring ;t choice repast for themselves, and perhaps the%nowle\lge of this fact kept our policeman lin gerin'l; 5iTvJuT£he' preraiscs- — may be, oiie-or other of tho^pjttomestics.was-a sweetheart of his, and that lie exacted a c'-iil from below at any moment, to join -in their 'leetle' feast. I da net positively' asucrt. this^'iiut such things, you know, do occur. , \- 'Well, sir, I'm glad (;o see you stife back — wasn't I right ? Wasn't that ere womaii an irapoater ?' 'No!' I thundered out, -and the old longing to give the fellow a kick came ao strong upon me, that I impatiently -knocked at tbe door, in order that I. might be able, to fly the tem6t«tion. With a cool sneer he turned away, and again directed his steps towards the region where fcbe culinary Rmell was strongest. Ah, some of these 'Bobbies' are. sly chaps ! When solemn midnight veiht the sky with inky robes, and honest folk are lost iu. dream-land — the owls, predaceous cats, and policemen can have it all their own way. They know a thing or two mote than you or I dream' in our philosophy — bo f.liev do. ' ?.-.. Christmas Day— day of general feasting and re joining ! — d;iy of the Christian triumph ! — day when even the- poor are supposed to forget their misery, aad- bocheerful!' Bat- the death dew is on many a sipfeione's hrow for all that — -many an, eye is losing its vision- -many a clammy hand is grasped by weeping friends' as the tasfc adieus ;vre swken — many a jaw drops, many a limb is stiffened by the cold 'embrace of death — niiiny a ahroml ia stitched — ? many a form confined, many a grave filled up. Aye, aye,' on a Christmas day, as well as on any other of the three hundred and sixty-five, sorrow goes: its rounds and knocks at many a door in thu world of breaking hearts and new dug graves. . . 'She in dead, Bir, cold and dead,' sobbed Vlary'a mother as I entered th« room, to which I had been ao. strangely brought the night bafore. 'She died .at. eight o'clock this morning; she went off to her last Blsep like a baby, without a sigh or a moan. We' didn't think she vvjw dead at all, 'till we found she was stone cold, and saw thafe strange, quiet look settled on hor face. Oh, Mary,' she . eontinue4, as if erootiingthe words to her own sad heartj 'Oh Miiry, atfh'ora, achoht inachree sthig, why did you die frp»n o'a '( You was the cortfort of my aoul when there- ...-was- nothing -else to oheer it— mavourneon, : wjiy did you die I . 'I turne-l towards the bed'. where 'Mary wad laid outy-'^-It was tbe same pallet as she lay upon the aight before, only it did not look entirely so mise rable now. A aew white counterpane covereVi it, and on fcliis the, Corpse vyas fltretch«A.t.. Her face uacl neck looked te be of Pari«*'whit«a©S8,,irpm contrast with' hoc ink black hair, which wus oc«h-td dows at either able io tawutflaei iwwl ww^ t-rce^a. vn^il ^d '-??'1™* ?*'?.*«* ™e joined ! togefter as if « praye,r, and betweei them waa Placed a small crucifix. Three candles burnedTt nther-81de of the bed ; and at the foot poor Jar** was sitting on . Watool, ^ hi8 Zn resting upon -his hands, andhi« ^ staring at the face o£ his dead sister. A greup of ragged little beys and girls from the neighboring rooms had gnther^d at the door to ace the wake,' and were softly lh£ ? penng to one another, with childlike solemnity I sat down/aud did my best to console the mother and her son. I)lmDg my flfc-iy j h^ ^ promued Mary he would bring her home to burj ber, aad they were t* set cut on their funeral and lonesome journey across the cnanael. the next day 'Ged- be merciful to you,- Mary [». I Autteted as I gotup to depart. » God be merciful to you I and 1 am glad they are going to- bury you near .your father, amongst the neighbors,, vhere the trees' and' the grass make the graves like the gardens' Wfay your reating'ptoce in the dear old cbnatry never be rtid«iy disturbed.' ' Adv.— Holloway's Pills— Pure Blood— As ? this - 1 vital fluid, when a healthy state, sustains and teno- I vates every part of the Jiving system, so, when it . i becomes impoverished or impure exerts a precisely ? contrary effect. It is abundantly manifest that !'. any medicine which does not reach the circulation ^ : can never exterminate the disease ; but any prepara- ; tion capable of exercising a sanitary influence over the blood, must with it be carried to every living ' ' fibre cf the frame. The lungs, heart, liver, kidneys, - .. and skin, all receive benefits from its more whole some condition, Holloway's purifying Pills operate directly, powerfully, and beneficially, upon- the : whole mass of blood, whether venous or arterial. ! They strengthen the stomach, excite the liver and \ kidneys, expel disease and prolong existence. A Disputed Fact Admitted.— At the time ' of the Revolution we had, of1 course, ne navy, , and the few small commercial vessels of the ? colonies presented ' nothing peculiar. 'The | thoughts of tHe people had been occupied with- ' the grave political and moral questions connec- - ted with the separation from England. The : Amerioan mind had not yet been directed to the importance or manufactures or commerce.' In fact, both were purposely made impossible for the colonists by the restrictive laws of England. Bu't.iii the very first war» vessels built after the 'close of .tbe war, .the true distinctive American idea began to be manifested. The idea was, . to bring the power of a line-of-battle ship within, the dimensions of a frigate. This was nearly ac- i complished by slightly increasing the sizeof the cominon frigate, and arming her with heavier guns without changing her nominal rate. ' The manner in which this was carried out is shown iu the size and armament of the frigates Consti tution and the United States. The frigate €on shitutiou! was launched in 1797 ; her length waa 175 feet, her breadth of beam 43 it. 6 in., and tur tonnage, accordiug to the old rates, 1,530 ? tons. Tlie United States was launched in 1797 ; her length was 175 feet;,, her breadth of beam 43 ii:-. 6 in., and her tonnage 1,530. In order to compare the American with the British ships of the same rate, it iB only necessary to state tbe weight -of their broadsides, which were as fol lows : —American, frigate United States, 864 lbe, American frigate Constitution, 786 lbs. ; British frigate Macedonian, 528 lbs. ; British frigate Guerriere, 617 lbs. It will be seen, at a glance, from these statement?, that the registered rates of our ships gave no indication of their comparative force. The Americans had so far carried out their idea of the concentration of power, that their frigato rated as a forty- four was very nearly the equal of a British lirie-of- . battle ship ; and the result was that when the Guerriere, a forty-four, was laid alongside th« \ Americau forty-four, the Constitution, the British ship was demolished iu fifteen minutes. Similar -results, followed as it is well known, in other actions ; and though it was conceded that the rapidity of the Americau fire was gene rally greater than that of :the English, stiff our almost unbroken success was. :. -mainly due. to the superior weignc or cue American oroausiae. xoq . English historians have dwelt with great satisfac fcion upou the disparity of force. They declare that it removes all the sting of defeat. They insist that it was perfe'ctljr natural, even inevit able, that uuder such circumstances, the British ships should be captured or sunk. This was and is precisely the American opinion. This w ft just the result they .anticipated,- and they buiit their frigates with thia:'. very object in . View. There are two aspects to this subject,1 one of which all English writers ? seem to have overlooked. iu one view it ';' was a battle between ship and ship, , aad it was no disgrace' to the English commanders to yield to superior force. But it was also a '6gh.fr between the two nations, and certainly it was a remarkable fact, and highly honorable to the Americans, that their nation, in the nrat hours of its life, should have pr-wl need ships 'that car ried dismay to every English heart, . and con-- quered, on her own element, the haughty ink cress of the seas. Iu the battle between tbe nations, England was met by superior weapons, and was iu^lorionsly defeated. Should such a ship as our, Miantonomoh meet an English broad side ironclad, and crush in her sides vrith 15-inch, shot, as she easily couUi, it would l-e quite natural, even neeteBaary, that the British »hip should surreader or sink. There might' be no ocjaaion to charge t4e English commander with. Want of courage or uliiil, bufc it would. ;be dis creditable »mt huuibUtt^ t» Great Brifaui'fcbat her boas' ed aituHitU i^tps, to which' 'eKo' had. trusted her satoty aiid honour, should Jie'eaaSy dothbliahed by au Amci'ican Monitor. XVvottW not ifR-son the national skainc to araert ami p'hwc that the British iK»h'cla*l was iio wiatch'for tu*? Yattkoe uhip. Tha is the precbe reault *k which we ar« aifning. — &biU-ry; of the Amit'k-t^. fc.'.vti during (he'Rehdti&t.; ''??? 