NEW ZEALAND. . FIRE ON JAMBTON QUAY. 'GREAT DESTRUCTION. OF PROPERTY. Loss Estimated at £14,000. 8EVEN HOUSES DESTROYED. , ? By tho barque Omega, Captain Patching,, which arrived in this port on Tuesday last, wo have been put in possession of Wellington papers to the 21st of May. Tho news they contain, with the exception of one or two items, is not of much general interest The most important item relates to a very destruc tive conflagration, whicli occurred on the 18th of May, and by which seven houses were burnt to the gro.und, and property to tho ex tent of £l't,OU(J in value was destroyed. We make the following extracts from tho \\\relliwj lon Independent : — . ' Tho most destructive .fire which has oc curred in Wellington for many years, took place early on Sunday morning. About twenty minutes past one o'olock, .police ?' con- stable Lannigan, being on ditty on Lambton Quay, observed that the upper part of Mr. Kane's premises were on fire, and' he imme diately gave the alarm. The clanging of the tire-bell speedily brought a crowd of persons to the spot where the fire was raging, and the Fire Brigades turned out with great prompti tude, an engine belonging to the Wellington Brigade being, we believe, the first on the ground, but it was very soon followed by tho three other engines belonging to the two bri gades. . Some little delay took place in getting the engines to work, and .by'the time a head of Wiitir was obtained, the flames had seized firm hnld of the South Sea Hotel, and were bursting nut of its upper windows. But while preparations were being made lor getting the engines into working order, the assembled crowd, whose' numbers .were momenta rily increased by fresh arrivals from all 'parts of the ^ town, were busily engaged i in clearing /'the adjoining premises of 'their stocks of goods and household furniture. An immense crowd of persons witnessed the conflagration, and. most of. them very readily lent what assistance they could, although we observed a good many idlers, some of whom ought, by their appearance, evidently to have known better than to stand idly by on such, un occasion. However, plenty worked well, aud a large quantity of goods was saved. The / firemen . greatly distinguished themselves by * their disregard of danger, and some citizens, unconnected with the brigades, tiko made themselves vory useful. Prominent amongst .' these was' Mr.* Hnlcsj Assistant Provincial ''* Engineer, whose services were of real value. .' We also noticed the ' hon. John Hull, Bishop 'Viard, Father Petit Jean, Dr. Grace, and the ' Rev. P. H. Maxwell workiug very earnestly in the saving of property. The total loss of property is estimated at from £12,000 to £14,000, of which £7850 is covered by in surances. The following premises were either partly or wholly destroyed : — Mr. Kane's, draper, totally ; South Sea Hotel, Mr. Mun- * die, totally ; Mr. James's furniture warehouse and factory, totally ; Carmont and Haigh's, butchers, ' totally ; Mr. Cohen's, tobacconist, partly; Mr. Brown's, grocer, partly; Mr. Armstrong's, saddler, partly ; Mr. Wobbe's, furniture dealer, much damaged. The insu rances effected were, Liverpool and London — Mr. Kane, £3000; Mr. Armstrong, £300. New. Zealand — Mr. Kane, £3000 ; Mr. Wal den (iu the shop occupied by Mr. Brown), £400. Royal — Mr. James, £1000; Mr. Muudle, £700. Northern— Mr. Wilton (in the shop occupied by Messrs. Cannout and Haigh), £710. North British and Mercan tile — Mr. Armstrong, £500 ; Mr. AVob'oe, £300. The cause of the fire is us yet un known, but it is supposed to havo originated iu a tirepkeo in an upper room ot tho South Sea Hotel. A Strange Story.— At the enquiry into the late file on Lambton Quay, held on Tues day, at the Crown and Anchor Hotel, a very strange story was told by the night watchman whose duty it is to perambulate the beach from the Union Bank down to the South Sea Hotel. Tho man's story in his own words is as follows : — ' Shortly before twelve o'clock on Saturday night, 1 se'ed a big thing in woman's clothes walking up and down in front of Mr. Laing's. I said to myself, said I, that's a man, aud 1 looked and saw great big uncles, and up above very long features under a veil. I thought to myself, I'll havo a look at you, whoever you are, and I intended to turn back and throw the light of my lantern on tho face. L walked on a little way and turned round, intending to have a look, when 1 saw the figure go up Mr. Laing's yard. I hurried after it, but though I hunted everywhere 1 could see neither sign or light of it' Whether this remarkable revelation of Mr. Wurnby, watchman, has any truth or not, it is one 'of the: most astonishing .stories we have heard in a land whero there are neither banshees nor ghosts, and whero spirit- rapping and Honuani birfism are things unknown. We arc inclined to -believe that Mr. Warnby was either hoax ing -the coroner, or is blessed with a very j rivid imagination. 