MISCELLANY. SOME men keep savage dogs around. their homes, eo thaMfes hungry poor who stop to "get a bite" may get flKttaide the door. NEW WORK.-Shortly will be published, a companion volume to " Old Deocan Days," to be en titled " Old Decaliter Nights," by a Three-bottle Han Abkou) YON WINKING.-" PUNCH'S" NO TION OF " SWEETNESS AND LIGHT."-Brandy and water with-and a cigar.-London " Punch." Sycophants AND SOVEREIGNS. Base, on a monarch fawning, is the snob! More base the slave who cringes to the mob. The GOOD OLD TIMES.-Mies Amabel Heighington lays down her " Shelley" with a sigh', and thinks mankind must be greatly altered since the poet wrote-'' Nothing in the world is single." A MISTAKE.-An Irishman thos describes Lis cold reoeption by an old friend:-" I saw Pat Ryan t'other side of the way. I thought it was Pat, and Pat thought it was me, and when I came up it was neither of us." Pbohibitbd.-A young fellow once offered to kisB a Quakeress-Friend," said she, "thee must not do it." Oh, by Jove! but I most," said the youth. "Well, friend, as thou hast sworn, thee may do it; but thee must not make a practice of it." THE Pbofesbob and JEMMY.-A late pro fessor was one day walking near Aberdeen, when he met a well-known " natural." " Pray," said the pro testor, "how long can a man live without brain*?" "1 dinuakeD," taid Jemmy, scratchinj his head, "how auld areye youi eel't" ' A Bit OF Kah-lbby.--Some people hare the detestable babitof carrying "the shop" with them, go where they will. We notice, for instance, that Dip wick, the tallowch&ndler;, comes up to basinets every morning from liia suburban villa in a "composite" carriage. FISH TO FAST ON AT BOME.-According to a French oon temporary and Mr. Reuter, the Italian Government "has made the most necessary arrange ments to pay the interest of its-pottion of the Ponti fical dtbt on the Ut of April next." Let us hope that tbeauocesaorof the fisheiman will not find that pay nent made in " poisson d' Avril." WOOL IN Request AT WASHINGTON.-A contemporary's correspondent at Washington begins bis letter with the following observation:-"This has been a week of great cry and of very little wool" Great cry in the political metropolis of the.United States is usual. But wbat of little wool? We supppse (hat of the many coloured gentlemen ,wbom the partiality of the Congress must bare attracted to Washington, an onoommon few bad bten having their hair cut. Worn '': When Eve brought Woe to all-mankind, Old Adam called her wo-rnan; And when she woOVI with love so kind,' Be then pnwounoed her woo-man. But now witb folly, drew, and pride, Their huabinds' pooketa trimming, The ladies are eo tall of wbims That peoptoi^thev whim-men 1 Wl hart pitflj mot with anything aft Aroadianaaa «po(^ r»oeotty,n>*de by a member of the Legislature of the Btafa of Maine on a propoaltion to fcclfltatejusHeebyembilsbinganewwuiftHi one .f itsffountiea. " In aBepnblio&a; PoTimmentf1 ^ claimed the indignant speaker, *fYoaa$e giWng a* mttoh as e!ght jtli|KBrt /amen can can^asmucE at' months, Where is the «qaaHty,;jiutit», pr propriety of it? Yon'hdve iiotv iih tbVrnoiis'jliuiciary - seven judges *itK ia esJstry of 3,600dol, 4*014, undlt, is upw proposed to wld another!", TJip $t&tertnus; heavily nnliitod ie about (lie sice of Ireland. , _ f . jj>u BpTfi,-Hm'hrif obi a ia^f bky [tfkio twta't gtt up in the morning? Ilcrd la a mother1* itmtdy for tbe-complaint in 1606':-Trulyr- Mr. (Tutor) the grwlebt fdtii'e is in yon, It u hat-aibe iinnuniux of the llinbes that he hath, which yon bukht toeilpplfe in'&'nbeliiting bim*rith the luloe .of Biroh, ?which is eswllt* t for HUUU A qnre; atul if you apply it hut twice or tln ice, yon sh all .see a meruailous opera tion. lint if j!our mrdfcftie be not offo'ree, let'me kiione it, and 1 will make him Mi oh a moiniog sjmg (bet St Mill awake him iu all diligence, and ha-stan him more than a good pace."-" Erondcll'a French Garden," B. 6, back. . , . ? A STOBY has beeo'goibg the rtfttnd of the papers to good that we suspect it capuot bofitrae, most good stories being old stories. A couple presented tin dim Ivts at church tobemarriad. The clergyman, peiceiviug that the bridegroom was drunk, refused to perform the otremanv, and after admiuUtering a reprimand to him, tola the bride to return frith Aim the neit day. Tlife couple'did return the iiext day, when the bridegrcom appeared to be eyca more drank tl/an he had been the <l*y before. The cleixyi»an then cddfesstd the bride, and naked her how sheradld think of uniting herself to tuoh a confirmed sot. .'The girl replied with touching jiaiveUi, "Willy is not.a con fifmed sot, sir; but when he' is solicr he does not want to hi airy me, so 1 cannot help bringing him here drunk it 1 em to marry liim atalV' " FERDlifAKD dors not appear to have been' a man of bad natural disposition, and he WAS certainly Tery amiable in private life, liut liia narrow and bigoted education, and his want of dis&jrutiienl;, in capacitated him from being a good ruler, and his reign was mainly tolerated "on aocount of his peiuma.1 popu larity'aniong£t the mass of his' subjects, especially of the .lower orders. This feeling the King appears to have cultivated in a manner resembling that of our Charles II.; minus, however the immbintltv, for fits Majesty was a very good husband. Sir tiamford used to relate how Ferdinand, when handing his beautiful Queen Christina into the royal carriage, would torn round smilingly on the loyal crowd, and observe familiarly to them, ' Is she not a fine woman ?' or some Bitmlaricmark."-"Feidinand 7lh of Spain." 'FEENCH PEASANT PBOPBXE COBS.-A more ijidepepdtnt class of men than the peasant proprietors cannot be well imagined. The division of land amongst so many has, in the opinion of those who re member other days, wrought a great change in the character of the French nation. Neither in the south nor in the north, do we find the same gay, tliougbtles?, fiddlinc, dancing, merry-making people as portrayed by Goldsmith and Sterne. In truth, there is more dance and song iu a German village than ill half-a-dozen of Provtnce. Tlie peasantry are graver, more provi dent, and more paisimoiiious than iu the times of the Capets. ' Hie whole French nation is quieter, morg leservtxl, and more commercial. Even the Gallic passion for war and glory has much abated. They have begun to consider what they pain, and what they lose.; the Foulds and the Eereires dispute the pas with the MaeMalions and the Foreys.-Da. IRELAND. " I AM positively of opinion that Princess Charlotte was starved to death ! that the heiress of England died from insufficient nourishment I A lady I ki ew found the Princess one day actually in tears over her luncheon of tea and bread and butter. 8he had been accustomed to take a mutton chop and a glass of port wine, and she said she felt quite weik for want of it - fcir Richard having forbidden any .meat iu the middle of the day. But she required a generous diet, and having always been used to it, she felt the loss; yet the orders of her physician were strictly obeytd. and I think her life was the sacrifice. On the fatal termination of her illnesi, Sir Kicliani Croft ruthfd iuio a room where Mrs. Campbell tfas, -exclaimed, ' the is dead, and the c' ild too J'-set off to London, and destroyed himself. The lodge-keeper's wife at the gate was confined at the same time and recovered favourably."-Hon. AMELIA. MURRAY. AMONG the famous people remembered by Miss Murray are Lord and Lady Eldon, whose parsi monious habits have been the subject of a thousand tales. "I remember,"6*36the writer, "an amusing etory which was told me as an instance of th:s. At the crnclution of a week's vi-it in a large house, Lady 8cott came down to her hostess, with arms extended, carrying a huge number o'f towels. 'Madam, look here I' she ta'd. * I think it my duty to make you aware of the eitiavaganee of your housemaids: day after <lay I have locked up useless t jwels that bare been put into mine and Sir William's rooms; y«fc they were always replaced. Look at all tliis linen, ma'am! -towel upon towel, and during all this week one has rerved us both I'" Another droll story is told of Lord Eldon :-" It once happened that Lord Eld m and the Archbishop of Canterbury dined with the King. The former became rather communicative and merry over his port. At last he said, 'It is a carious fact that your majesty's Archbishop and your majesty's Loid Chancellor both married their wives clandestinely ! I had some excuse; for Bessie Surtees was the prettiest girl in all Newcastle; but Mrs. Sutton was always the came pumpkin-faced thing she is at present!' ' The King was much amused, and told the Btory to the princetses."-Bon. AMELIA MURRAY. Shakspbare IN PABIS.-"Hamlet" set to music! What a lovely notion I Musique par Ambroiss Thomas; paroles par William Sbakspeare! Hamlet sweetly warbling "To be, or not to be," to the bait of a conductor, and accompanied by fiddles 1 " Hamlet" with a ballet iutroduoed in the mad scene: dangers draped transparently, all capering and frisking, while Opl.elia sings a waltz, and tliea very, picturesquely diowns herself by lime-light! The Ghost stalking on the ttage to the soutad of a dead march, and then sing ing a long solo, descriptive of his sufferiuga! Alas, poor Ghost! AJas, poor William Shakspeare! Bless thee, how thou ait translated, to please our lively neighbours I Fancy " Etre, ou nc pas etre'' as a sentimental ditty ! Imagine Milord liamlet with a tremulous vibrato, singing an addio to his friend " ce pauvre Yorick!" Conceive, as a fit prelude to this ezquifite mor$eati, the opening of the church scene with a chorus of old grave-diggers, one of whom, ere long, when the soene beginsto flag, may dance a comic pas, or give a rattle with the cross-bones! In windiug up his notice of " this most successful opera," one of "oar own Paris correspondents" naively says:-"If M. Ambroise Thomas has not created a Hamlet, he has given to the world an Ophelia who will never be for gotten." Created a Hamlet! Imagine a French tune maker creating a Hamlet! One might as reasonably talk of the " creation" of Othello, when defiled as a burlefque. Mais chacun & son gout. Only we wish our lively friends, when they want to spoil a play, would keep their paws off ShakBpeare. Why can't they sing Voltaire, or bring Corneilleout at the opera? It is bad enough to try to translate " Hamlet into French : but we can not stand seeing " Airs from Hamlet" at the music-eliopa, and hearing them brayed foith by blatant Get man bands, or squeaked about the streets by beastly barrel- organs.-London " Punch." THE Bishop of Argyll, in a letter which he has addressed to Dean Ramsay concerning the ancient and now feeble Episcopalian churches of the Western Highlands, relates a few anecdotes that have the double merit of being new and good. His lordship was lately compelled to remove m>m a church in his diooese one of the National Society's illuminated testa, " Drink, and let the camels drink also." This oddly seleoted text was no doubt intended for the inculcation of kindness to the lower animals; but in Argyleshire, when English is a foreign language, it was oalculatei to baTe quite another effect, telling the people to drink (which they are only too ready to do), and also to let their old enemies fthe Campbells) on the other side of the hill refresh themselves in the same way. When the late Bishop of London visited the ohurch at Appin, along with Dr..Ewing, they weni met by a deputation with old Kenneth (or the merchant) at its head. - Kenneth's command of English was not great, «ud his welcome ran thus, " I am proud to see here suoh ancient heroes/' He meant to oall them vener able. Bishop Blomfield 'afterwards remarked to hi* companion that the Hjghlandman't address made him feel as- if he trere indeed a very old man. A Vary curious illusttation of the superstition wliioh still lingers in his diooese is given ,by , Bishop Ewing. He was driving some years Sgo on the shores of Locbcrersn after a confirmation, akid ' came to a small inn whert he oouldubt get corn for ma, horses. " Dpnoan," inquired the Blshop of his»erTalit> "why oanuot yon .get corn?" , He. replied, "The man% a Free Kirk, andiie winna ge et." * The BisHop insisted the oorn must be got. for they were going far; and Duncan said tie would try. and by and bvlhe did get the corn. *When they were supplied and had resumed their journey, Duncan was asked how he had ooo trued to make thelfceeKirk labdlord give what at first he hsd refused. 'VTouee^ I just aaid to Um ' it was ua' cafe to defy a bishop, for, iiald I. they dan change things into ither things, andiaaybe he'd make i ypu into a beast; and. eo Iget the cpcn."' Bishop BWing thinks tihis tnfty he a relid of the medin^u doctrine of the SacratftenW-* remnant crf ii moral sUdinnW »st5 ,and, if it b«|». :it Uall the more 'iMnonsto nndlt keeping auoh a vital hold of even a Frtt KirkPmbytiiiaa. -' 