Ik liEsmt jlte. DAILY ISSUE. MONDAY. -Itii MAY, -1SGS. If posterity should have inflicted upon it a history of Victoria, with details of its political crises in these fruitful years of grace, our descendants will have rare matter for thought. The mere nomenclature of parties will be a study. "With the bare etymology of party epithets the historian and his students will have ample scope for ingenious philological exercises, and when they attempt to divine the relative appropriateness of the terms used and titles assumed or bestowed by the fighting politicians of to-day, the study will become as vast as that for the magnum opus of Pisistratus Caxton's venerable relative. And if perchance the lit-eraires of the coming time should be as belligerent as our politicians of to-day, there will infallibly be a lively time of it for the authors and reviewers of the future. Our " great Popkins questions " will be but ashes then, but out of them will rise weird looking ghosts that will bewilder both philologist and politician. AV hat is a " loyalist " who hisses out hot rebellion against the law which all the powers at the seat of empire are bound to maintain? What is a "liberal" whose tongue is set on fire by lawless antagonism against a system of self-government under which every man has a vote, and is eligible to the highest offices in the State—a system comprising within itself boundless capacity of lawful and peaceable amendment, and to assault which is to menace every man's freedom, and to bring reproach upon free institutions 1 What is a " constitutionalist" who supports a Ministry and a parliamentary majority in bold and persistent assaults upon the Constitution, and does not hesitate about imposing long months of misrule upon the colony, driving hundreds of State servants to insolvency, and periling the whole credit of the country ? What is a " New York Screamerwhat a " stumper what " Spargoism what a " confusionist T' These and other queries will be suggested by the current vocabulary of political writers, and the enquirer of the future will find his studies further embarrassed by the ingenious dodges of tortuous partisans who use tlie same epithets as applicable to opposing parties. Will any Froude of the days that are coming light upon any rich Simancas out of whichhe will be able to clear up these petty puzzles of our political history? To hunt through the chaos of to-day's political literature for the key to the mysteries of our confusion will be a sorry labor, and profitless withal, unless the student subordinate his philological to his political studies. As a political investigator he will, let us hope, find his way with ease and give to the mere word-grubber such help and light as will make his work also easy and even pleasant. The man who can even now look with something approaching to historic calmness and impartiality upon the rage of contending parties sees where truth and falsehood have their home. He sees, it is true, that there are faults of feeling on both sides, and faults of expression, but that the law, and all of political veracity that is embodied in that pregnant fact, are 011 the side of the minority in this crisis. He beholds a paralysis of affaire caused by a party essaying to break in upon the guards of our free Constitution in order to acliieve a party victory, while the minority demands only that the law shall be observed. He perceives this, moreover, while it is universally admitted that the utmost will of the majority is easily obtainable within the law, though, alas! lie sees also that the perilous pride and passion of a numerically dominant party are bent, like the wildness of lunacy, or the untrained wilfulness of childhood, upon doing violence to all that is dear to rational democracy. " I see," he will say, " that there is no limit to the power of the majority even within the law, and that it is only a question of a few months more or less as to the attainment by the majority of even the wildest demands, since, within the law. they are absolutely irresistible, though in getting their will they should commit the vilest and most irremediable liberticide; yet I see also, that they are so blinded with the fanaticism of faction, and so easily led by the arts of unscrupulous flatterers, as to seek a reign of discord with 110 compensating end beyond." It strikes us that some such reflections as these vail naturally occur to the unbiassed mind after a perusal of the manifestoes lately issued by the "Loyal Liberal Eeform Association" and the " Constitutional Association," and considering the position of parties in this unhappy colony. With regard to the " loyalists " and their memorial to the Governor, whom the Af/e on Saturday called " a revolutionist of the worst sort," we are reminded of the maxim that a certain land of anonym;e are proverbially fussy about then- claims to be regarded as the very pinks of virtue. The initial passage has a strong flavor of the Tooley Street Tailors' immortal declaration of rights or wrongs about it:—"We, the members of the Council of the Loyal Liberal Reform Association, and the inhabitants of Fitzroy, in public meeting assembled, &c.;" With a happy consistency of wrongheadedness, the man or men who drafted the memorial assume that it is " loyal" and " liberal" to ignore the Legislative Council. These great men in "pub lie meeting assembled" affirm " that it appertains to the people alone, through their responsible representatives in the Assembly, to decide vexed questions of internal policy from which deadlocks arise, in any and in every case for the solution of which the Constitution does not afford specific, positive, and workable provisions." This is their apology for having pushed the colony into a deadlock, and made our political reputation a byword and a reproach among all free peoples. They defy and insult one of the estates of this colonial government, and seek to commit burglary upon the exchequer by breaking into it through the darkness which party passion has thrown upon the majority of men's minds. With the same unrighteous haste to crush one equate and its statute rights guaranteed by imperial sanctions, the Ministers and their following have scorned to obey the law, and have made rebellion against the law and the Queen's authority a pretext for calling themselves 10}al' and "liberal." The force of political unreason could hardly go further than this, for it is never to be forgotten by reasonable as well as honest politicians that it is a crime to break the law either overtly or covertly, and that the crime is all the greater when it is done under false pretences, as the present crime of the Ministers and their supporters has been perpetrated. When a majority, no matter how small or how large, seeks by insult and threat and contravention of the spirit and letter of the Constitution to obtain that which may be obtained within the law, that majority is neither "loyal" nor "liberal," but is disloyal and anarchical, and is in truth the worst enemy of the people and all thair dearest rights Ao amount of sound and fury about loyal liberal reform associations" can alter the plain facts which weigh so heavily upon the lawless assaults of the majority upon our Constitution, and take from w.ejiaSS7aultS aU tlieir value ^ good- The -U Cuiloch Government and its "loyal liberal" supporters have but to do one simple thinrr and all will be right. They have to repent and do equity, and then they may with some sort of face of virtue claim %alty and liber™ ^ Present they are recreant to both. N ith a hypocritical pretence of loyalty, and an equally hypocritical pretence of devotion to Sir Charles Darling, they have for long months been fighting tooth and nail for a base faction ! victory instead of obeying the law, givin" , " poor Sir Charles" his money, and letting the general aiiairs of the colony go on in their regular course. Over and over again this really "vile faction" has been told that it has only to obey the law and it must win all it wishes as to Sir Charles Darling, but this factious majority will not obey the law. It is so very " loyal and liberal" that it will have its party triumph or do its utmost to plunge the colony into open rebellion, while " poor Sir Charles" is looking in vain for the promised reward. Hie pride of half a dozen men in Parliament backed up by the misled zeal of a large portion of the electors of the colony, has thus brought our institutions into disgrace, our Civil Service to the verge of insolvency, " poor Sir Charles" to the sickness of hope deferred, and the people generally to familiarity with disloyalty revolutionary designs, and a general disregard of the solemn sanctions of the law. And yet there are in this virtuous band of "loyalists " and " liberals," men who cry aloud about "the righteousness that exalteth a nation." Looking at the address of the Constitutional Association, the reader observes at once that it is shorter, simpler, and clearer. As we intimated at the outset, it, in contrast with the " loyal liberal " production, will be an ingredient in the cup of the future historian's misery. The " loyal liberals " are in the very ecstasy of devotion to the Queen, for that frame of mind " distinctively characterises the people of Victoria," that is, " We, the Council, &c; » of the astonishing memorial to his Excellency. But the Constitutional Association, as if it were really what the "loyal liberal" Anonyma fussily assumes to be, plainly demands "the government of the colony according to law, and in conformity with the recognised provisions of the Constitution." This Association also has an idea of popular rights, and of what "the people" are, for it requires "the administration of public affairs for the benefit of the community a-s a whole, and not with a view to the advantage of any particular class, sect, or party." We cannot ask for anything better than tins. It has about it the open manliness of conscious right, and is eloquently free from the turgid verbosity and fussiness of " We the Council, &c.;" If there are any avenues open to political reason in the minds of remaining followers of the dead-lock and revolutionary policy of the if'Cuiloch Government, we invite such minds—if only for "poor Sir Charles's" sake—to compare the two manifestoes of the two rival Associations, and then go on to "learn, mark, and inwardly digest" the lessons they teach. 