SUEA?? ERs' 'WAoEs.-At the rate of 18gs per 100 the ten millions of sheep to be shorn this season in Riverina and the pas.. toral districts of New South Wales will amount to £90,000. A top shearer can' shear about eighty per day-- the inferior hand can shear forty. The average in a large shed; as taken, was forty-seven. The shearers in the Yanko shed (Wilson Bros'.) will receive £1170, as they shear 130,000 sheep. Mr Samuel Wilson, of the same firm, has.a.little spec of his own at Coree, forty-seven miles from Deniliquin. Here he will shear only 53,000, at a cost of £477, making £1647 paid for shearing on, two stations. :If we estimate the gross cost for shearing, :sorting, pressing, &c;,. there will be paid'for wages in these two. sheds upwards of £2000.- Pastoral Times. LOTTERIES ANDi RAFFLEES. -Attention has recently been pointed iso significantly to the practice that was growing up of dispos ing of all sorts of property by :tlieillegal plan of distribution by: means ,f instru. ments of chance, that. it is not surprising, the police should be on the alest to suppress every attempt to:introduce the practice here;. On Wednesday last a. young 'man named Baker, who; we understand, has beetin only some nine months in the colony, was fined: 5s and costs by the Yass bench: for dispos-` ing of books and other articles by.mneaus of something like a " fortune wheel." It is a. mistake to suppose that persons :can -carry on lotteries or raffles- in private `houses without making themselves amenable to the law. Baker got off so lightly 'because it was supposed that he was not aware that the practice he was pursuing was illegal. - Yass Courier. SOMETHING LIKE SHEEP.-The fat full. mouthed merino wethers started the- other day from the Buthewa station of Messrs Sumner and Faed for--Sandhurst. These sheep were in splendid order, and weighed on the average 179r0 each, the two heaviest weighing 18515 each, and the lightest 167 lbs The carcasses, it is estimated by-good' judges, will give an average of over 120Tj. of clean meat each. Another magnificent sheep from the same flock weighed even heavier than any of these, turning the scale at 1951Th. Messrs Sumner and Faed' have reason to be proud of these splendid proofs of success in sheep.breeding, not only, for the fleece but for the carcass. -Xagga XW'agga Express. NOVEL .KEROSENE LAMP.-- Kerosene oil' is now in such general use that any, im provemonts by which a brighter light can b. produced, or the consumption of oil re duced, be.omes a matter of public impor t nee. Hitherto the cost of burning coal oil has been largely: increased by the des. truction 'of chimneys, :without which it was impossible to use the old fashioned lamp. Messrs Stanford and Co., of George.street, have now on view a newly invented kerosene lamp, which promises to supersede all others, and by a simple piece of mechanism the use of 'chimneys :is entirely dispensed with. The oil reservoir is enclosed 'in a metallic case having perforations at the base through which air is admitted and driven by a fan upwards to the burner, where its escape performs the purposes of a chimney. The current of cold' air constantly passing the oil reservoir renders explosion almost impos. sible. It is said that the Dyott lamp emits no offensive smell, can be carried about. in the open air without danger of being ex tinguished, and gives double the light of a' chimney lamp, with a smaller. consumption of oil.-S. M. HIeiald.; WATER IN THE INTERIOR. -A corres- pondent to the Empire writes as follows on the important subject of procuring water in the interior at a distance from surface streams : "I feel very strongly that the time is now come when the too prevalent and baneful idea to the interests of, all co- lonial enterprises - that the colony is not well off for water' - should be got rid of. It's a great mistake. The colony is full of water. I have induced many people to settle down back off the river in this dis- trict, and they can all get water by sinking. Mr .... has got seven feet of permanent water in a well 27 feet in depth. The well is on his selection in some trap ridges about nine miles from Dubbo. I told Mr S.... that he was bound to get water there, and my opinion was strengthened from the na- ture of the selection being rotten, and no water to be found for any length of time in the adjoining creek. Trap ridges too are always full of trap-dykes and bars and un- stratified caverns underground, and the po- rous nature of the soil is adapted to absorb and not let rain run off. It often happens that wells are sunk close to the river, with out getting water, when a mile from the river there would be plenty found. "This is easily explained by the fact that the majo- rity of our inland streams can only be re- garded in the light of mere water channels or side drains. The true river beds are the water drifts along the bottoms of the valleys, and it would take all the steam power in the colony to drain some of these drifts of the enormous quantities of water that lay in them. I believe that the whole of the interior formation of the colony has been brought about by a gigantic water system ; if not so, what is the meaning of the enor- mous sand-drifts, the sand-ridges, the hills of gravel, the great alluvial plains, and the chaotic geological features along their edges? "' An extraordinary case of mistaken iden- tity has come to our knowledge (says the Argus). About two months ago a man was found dead or dying in the verandah of a house in Hotham. At the inquest subse- quently held upon the body, a number of persons testified to its being that of a man named Collard, some of the witnesses stat- ing that they had known the deceased for a considerable period. A verdict of death from sanguineous apoplexy was returned, and the friends of the deceased in England were written to, informing them of the event. The day before yesterday, the man Collar d appeared in Hotham alive, and in his usual health, after some months sojourn in the country. The terror of the female members of the household where he presen- ted himself was extreme, until he had sa- tisfied them he was real flesh and blood, and not a ghost. This seems to have been one of those curious instances of personal resemblance that are sometimes read about in novels or seen upon the stage, but which are generally regarded as existing only in the imaginations of fertile story-writers,, or ingeuious dramatists. The case was repor- ted to the police yesterday, as it is of some importance for the genuine Collard to es- tablish his identity, in as much as he has been in the receipt of an annuity, which of course will have been discontinued on the news of his supposed death. ANOTHER MURDERi BY THE Q?EENSLAND BILACKS.-Mr J. Hall: Scott, of Strathbogie, in the Kennedy district; writes to the Bris-' bane Courier on the 15th July :'--I lately gave .you some intellhgence of the" untimely and melanchlioly fate of Mr Gibbie and his overseer, Mr Bell; and' I have now to:follow: with another cruel and heartrending tale:' of bloodshed. Yesterday, in' visitin'g a sheep statioin six miles from. home, there met'myi eye a sight most dreadful to behold.:'? A shepard, with his head cut open, pierced through with spears, and covered with blood, and yet not dead; another boy, of about twelve, with a:dreadfuil gaslh behind his'ear, his arm nearly cut off,, and a spear through his thigh; poor boy he could-scarely-speak, and a few hours put an end to his sufferings. The foirmer; 'Lowie,' was. a native of .Lifu, and the latter.of Sandwich. ? It appears that. they were having their dinner, when sudden ly the hut was surrounded by wild blacks; they made no resistance, and the ruthless savages' seenm to 'have taken a pleasure in torturing thein. Poor Lawie, after "great suffering, died next day. IrOItTANT FROMI FIJI.-ENGAGElME NT BETWEEN THE BOATS-OF II.M.S. CHALLTN OEa AnD THE NATIVES.-By thle arrival of the Gem, we have news of an engagement' in the Rewa Rliver, Fiji, between the natives and-the boats crews of H-I.M.S. Challenger: On the arrival of that 'vessel at Rewa, the launch and other boats were got out with, guns, in charge of Captain Browning; -the British Consul also being present, they pro! ceed up the Rewa River with orders from. Commodore Lambert to shell 'the totns; out the weather` beiiig' o wet, this could not be affected 'without landing. A shell-was thrown into -a native council house, whichl burst just afteri they had got clear. The na tives offered resistance, and an engagement ensued- The crews linded, and 'burnt the towns. Mr Grcclman, a settler,: was shot through the neck -duiing the engagement, but was recovering. In coming down the river, the launch got ori shore; and at that time'one of' the marines was'shot; the ball lodging in the lungs he is not expected to recover. Several natives are supposed to have' been killed; but as they fell in the bush it was impossible to ascertain the number. Empire. QUESTIONS or TlHIE.-What is the dif ference between the minutes of a meeting and the seconds of a duel ? Is it correct to give tick to a watch-man ? Is it an anomaly that winding up a watch should make it go, and winding up a company always stops it ? Is it imprudent to tell a secret in the presence of a repeater ! Should you strike a clock when it is downi, and when' a clock strikes should you hit it again ? TmIE A??Ei GABRIEL-.-lMy friend, Major C.',had an old darkey to whom he was much attached:' One enening, at a party, Peter-from ebmibing to freely of various mixtures, began, dancing. around. with the. waiter containing some ices and'cakes,'and so.jn be came'uproar:ous.-- Observing his conduct, the Major publicly reprimanded him, and'atonce dismissed hnm from the post of waiter for the evening, and'appointedl another in his place. 'This last.stroke was too much for old Peter, and he retired to his bedroom in des pair. That.night Captain 'K., a jolly young officer In the room adjoining Peter's, "hearing sobs and groani in the text room rose to inquire what was. the matter. . Ue opened the' door-of Peter's room and reconnoitered. Peter was kneeling by a'window and praying. : Amid his. loud cries the Captainlieard' the following:-" -O Lord, have pity upon your ole servent. His massa; who lie used to take'upon' his knees when hle was a boy,-is vexe'l with' hliis poor'old darkey, and I'don't want to. live any' loinger. 0, dear Load, please send the angels for old Peter.'. Jist send the ang.l Gabriel this minute doiwnI,to 'tiae old Peter to Abraham's bisom ! :U, please, Lord,. o : Please, Lord, this minute; 1I am ready to go!·' Capt. K., ever fill'of fun.'immediately seized upon a white counterpane, and envolving himself init rapped three times :at Pelters dood. ." WVho's dar ?" exclaimed Peter. " The Ahgel Gabriel, codie to tike old Peter to Father Abraham's busom !": replied Capt. K., in iia sepulchral tone.: " Take. who;. massa ?': carefully asked the iuppliant.- " Old -Peter !" " Well, I'll just tell yor, mmssa- dit nigger don't live here:; - don't:know him' at all." - Capt.: '. ruslied back 'ii thecoinpany, convmlsed with laughter, and ;old Peter relates to .this-'day the wonderl'ul answer, to his prayer. - ,-. Lor.wovAY's OsIriEN'T DANn PIaLr, the most Ex traordinary Reinedy known for Curing Skin D)is eases.--Mr A. 'C. Rlhme, residing at Paramaribo, in South America, states, in a letter addressed to 'Professor Holloway, that he was troubled for about fotur years with ann ruption of the skin that deied the skill of the most eminent .men of the place to cure -or alleviate -ii despair he ihad recourse to Holloway's ointment and pills, and with such good results, that after using them for a short time he was completely cured, and he has ever since been in the enjoyment of perfect health. These medicines are also Infallible for scalds and burns. 