MARRIED WELL. [FBOM CHAMIIERS'S JOURNAL.] (Goneluded.) CHAJTEn XVI. — A PmFWIi SXOBT. Whom does Time halt withal? With the weary and heavy-laden ; with the%orrowful and suffering ; with the satiate and purposeless; with the sick of hope deferred ; with the debtor besieged of duns ; with the creditor baffled of his dues ; with the suitor in search of justice ; with the prisoner to whom death were a boon ; with the parents of erring child ren ; with the wives of sottish men. All such count drearily the leaden moments ; all such, in the morning, think, ' Would God it were even ;' and at even think, ' Would God it were morning.' Yet, if your {*ait must needs be halting, hobble away, old Tune, as quickly as yon may through years of mourning for the traitorously slain— through years of fear not vainly felt, and of doubts, alas ! too surely realised — through years of love cooling down -into loathing, Hobble away, old Time, and arrive as soon as you may at that gloriou^ ovouing in a oortain September when Fortros3 and I sat chatting together and smoking our pipes as the sun went down. It was a little more than ten years sinco he had nrst left England ; and he had returned from India a man of t'omo noto. He wns a Major and a V.C. ; ho had been through tho mutiny, and his experiences had loft their mark upon him in a deerenso of the merry twiuklo, and an in crease of tho llorco glesim of his groy-bluo eye, in the linos upon his faco, in the streaks of white amongst; his darkened hair, and in his hollow, eiuiburuod chocks ; hia manly niv hud mraranwrnnCTin.il nil ?»;| ,iriM Mir., I Frfr-MI ????IV— a, II ,llu- waai,«nraw,B3»»a grown still manlier; his shoulders were broader :; his carriage was, if possible, more upright ; his step was heavier and firmer ; and his voice, though mellow as ever, was deeper and more melancholy. It passed through my thoughts, as I looked at him, that a woman ' who had liked him before his departure, could be easily induced to love him now; His sen timents wero frank and generous as ever ; and so far as his nature was concerned, it was clear it did not give tho lie to hi3 motto, Semper idem. In one respect, however, he showed a change, not of nature, I verily believe, but' merely of practice. Whenever we touched, which certainly was not often, upon religious points, he omitted all the scepticism and tha sneers for whioh he had been notorious, and even — amongst parson-loving ladies especially —infamous, and spoke in such a manner as to prove that his former attitude did not arise from the motive to which it had been generally attributed, but merely from impatience of dog matism and hypocrisy. After disconraing much about old times, I asked him suddenly : ' Do you remember Ellen Finch ? — the little goldfinch as some fellows used to call her, on the principle, I suppose, on which luciis in said to be derived, for she was not much troubled with gold.' ? Fortress started, and looked keenly at me, and then answered carelesslv : ' 6b?. ves. quite welL Let's see, Bhe married well, didn't she?' ' Deuced well,' said I bitterly. Fortress now assumed ah air of the greatest interest, put down his pipe, laid his arms on the table, and shooting across at me from wido opened eyes a whole battery of surprise, ex claimed : 'Why, I had the paper sent to me with the announcement of the marriage in it ; and ona of my sisters wrote me a long letter about it, and said that 'the lovely Miss Finch had found another profitable lunatic in tha Ewart family' (a!nd I thought the expression scarcely warrantable), and had married him, and that she was considered to have married exceedingly well, as her husband was likely in a very, short time to have a living- of six hun dred a year. ; 'Of course the man was the George Ewart who was at our college (in fact, the paper left no doubt about that). I hadn't much opinion of - the man, I confess, but I supposed it would be , all right when -he married. Didn't he get the . living ?' ' Oh yes, within & year of his mar riage.' 'He always was a lucky brute in matters of speculation,' growled Fortress. ' What was it then ?' ho added with some hesitation ; ' she — she— she liked him, didn't she ?' ' She liked all persons,' said I, 'and she was said to go beyond liking with him.' ' You don't mean to say he got tired of her ?' rejoined Fortress, as if he were propounding the cose of a man who could ' doubt truth to be a liar.' 'No, not exactly,' said I ; 'but don t you recollect my writing out to you ana describing the way in which Ewart was pre paring for ordination ?' ' Yes ; it was just like the fellow,' answered Fortress. , . ' Well, soon after he entered upon his living, finding himself with more incoms than he had pos sessed as a curate, having little or no parish work to do, and his wife being much occupied, with her first baby, and therefore unable to accompany V'*tp everywhere, as she had been in the habit of doing, he took' to running up to town', at first now and then, and after wards very often. In fact, it was not long before he was to be met nearly every week at tho club, and after a while he was there nearly every day. It leaked out in course of time - — that the acquaintance with Mr Wbiskybottle had been renewed-; ? ' ' Good God 1' broke in Fortress, as if he had been for onca in his life really alarmed. ' And you fcaow,' I continued, ' what that was likely to end in. But you would hardly cuesa what Churton told me.' 'Churton was 6, good fellow,' said Fortress; ' what did he tell you?' ' You know Ewart believed in Churton, and would stand more from Churton than from anybody else. Well, after Ewart had been married about seven years, JChnrton was stay ing at the rectory. He had been there over' and over again, and Mrs Ewart regarded him not only as her husband's best friend, but al most as her own brother ; indeed, tho children call him Uncle Churton. 'Many a time he had noticed daring his ' visitB that Mrs Ewart had turned quite pale when her husband had said it was time for her to go to bed, and that he and Churton would just have a pipe and a tumbler befora they went too. She would look appealingly at Churton, and her lips weuld move as if she wished to say something, but that something for . a long while came to nothing more than a sigh-accompanied ? good-night.' Still, Churton is by no means dull ; and he there fore took caro to confine himself to ono tumbler, to ask for his candle immediately, afterwords, and to suggest to Ewart the pro priety of turning in. It is difficult for the oldest friend to do more with his ho3t, espe cially when your host answers your sugges tions by saying: 'All right, old friend; I'll just smoke half a pipe, see that the house is safe, and follow your example.' Generally, Ewart was a3 good as his word; but upon mere than one occasion Churton had reason - -to believe that the half -pipe had been con siderablv exceeded, at the insinuations of Mr Whiskybottle ; he would, long after he had been in bed, hear Ewart soliloquising in a loud voice, longhing to himself, replying an grily to Mrs Ewart's gentle remonstrance that he would wake the children, and that it was tetting very late, and at last coming unstea ily up-stairs with a rattle and clatter which afforded a fair presumption that the mode rator lamp was being used as a bedroom candle, and that the choice of accidents lay between smashing the _ globe and setting the house on fire. But suah was Ewart's tact or luck, that no accident happened, and such was his wonderful constitution, that, though ho might bo a little Lite, he looked in tho morning as fresh and bright and dehonnaim as ever. Mrs Ewurt, however, looked like tho ghost of herself, and when Churton one morn ing, ns they sat waiting fer Ewart, told her bo, she bursfc into tears, and said :_ ' Oh, Mr Churton, pray do what you can for him. You do not know *rhat a houso this is when yott are not here ; you wouldn't bolieve rae if I wero to toll you all. He is so much better when you are Lero — how I wish you could bo hero oitener t and then, the strange part is that he seems to have forgotten all about it ia the next morning ; and I am sure nobody in the parish (except tho doctor, and ho knows) dreams of suclva thing; for it's always at night— it's that horriblo sitting alono at night. Pray, pray do what you can for him.' ' ' Ha did, I'U be bound,' broko in Fortress — ' he did all a man could, I'm sure* If I thought ho djdjj't ? ' s-He;di-3, ho did,' saifl JJater* ? . supting; 'and now to continue and end. «C'aurfcon had got an additional hold, because 33 wart had confided to him— what had boen systematically concealed from Mrs B wart thai the frequent -visits to town, the. dinners at . the club, and their sequences, if not conso quenees, had created a load of debt the amount of, which was alarming, of which Mrs Ewart 3uiew scarcely more than . that her husband'3 income vanished ' mysteriously, and from ?which he was at his wits' end to extricate himself : for Mr Whiskybottle had done, part of his work, and undermined some of Ewart's weakest points. ;'. ? ^ Churton availed himself of alibis influence, and .flattered himself . for some, time- — not- without reason— that he had done no littlo good. However, the last time Churtpn stayed at- the rectory, he had retired one night to bed, and being unusually tired, had fioon fallen asleep. At what hour he does not Jcnowy but whilst it was yet dark, . he was awakened by. a, touch ; he started up,.and there1 stood by him a figure which, under certain circumstances, would have excited his* admira tion as well as his astonishment. It was Mrs Ewart, as she'had risen from sleep, with a bedroom candle in her hand. ? She had never, Churtoa said, looked so lovely, but there was a horror upon her face which held him spell- : bound, and tracter ^one other- eyes was a livid mark ? ?' «? Tho blackguard had neverstruck her y'^ broke in Portress, doubling his. fist, but speaking in the tone of, one pleading to be ?Epkred. ' You don't' mean that he had struck Sier.' 'Accidentally, if at all, Churtpn be lieves, and so do' I ; but, of course, Churtpn yas obliged to be very deh'cate in his question ing, and she professed not to be aware that she had received any kind of blow in any 'way. however, she stood, as I-have de ccribed, by Churton's bedside, and said, in a voice which, Churton says, has haunted him since :?' Pray, pray come to George.' Then she., went out, and Churton, as you .may suppose, was not many seconds behind her. '. ? ...' ,... ?.-...,,.. ;. ..'..,, ^'H&fotind; Ewart talking'; to himself about burglars; hitting* out in all directions, and with cne leg already over the sill of an open win -dofo, .the drop from which should'have killed a man.' Churton is a powerful 'fellow, as you know, but he did not, attempt force ; he simply put his arm round Ewart's, and spoke, cheer-, fully to : .him* and' 'Ewart, at the sound of tie old, ftimiliar, influential voice, snirerea nimseir to pe lea to ma Deaside,,, Then, a fit again, seized him, and it 'was all th^t Churton and Mr3-E wart could do toihpid him; and coax him to remain where he was -till thedoctor could, 'cometp see him.'' Ipaused. ?'.' ^eU,' asked .Portress, drawing . a deeii breath^ /'and; did lie get over, it?' 'Yes.'. ' And now is he now?'C. 'Dead.', 'iPertross' . . ' . started up f rom his seat, . then, sitting down . .; ?'again, .he 'asked':' 'JIpw Isng ' has ' 'he been dead?'*;,' ' About':, sir ^ months:' ? ..' And tow did he leave Mrs' Ewarli provided for ?' ' She has her bwri little fortune,' \ said . I sar donically, u which was settled entirely upon' herself.' - ' 'I thought she.had nothing,' said Fortress wijth 'surprise. ; ' O yes ; she had twenty pounds a year,' said I, ' at Ietjst so it was reported ;: and even that must.have been a lelp, for all thelaugbing over tho settle ?' merit. V l ? ''' ??'.?'??' ' . ? '. ?,':'??' '?'???' Fortress scowled at me'as if he Vsra going to 5iold me 'accountable for either the smalhiess ? -''bi the sum. or my manner of bpjaakirig ? but a ead smile- suddenly took the plaoe of the scowl as he asked1:; 'How -many children are there ? ' ' Three ; , one boy about ten, 'another about six, and a little girl about four.' '' And how. in the world does she manage to bring them up ?' : ?'???« Ewart's Relatives take the two boys, and. the 'little girl' is allowed to be with her.' *'4lldweo!,JinUepd! and who pray is bo kind as to ifllow a mother to keep her child ? I ?elon't see the . ' great charity of taking care of the' two boys, if they are torn away from their imother.' ' She would not be allowed to have them where she has gonei' 'Confound it all i my good fellow, what da you mean ? You speak as if she had gone to a workhouse— Ew'art's friends could never';— — 'She has % gone .to a sort of workhouse'— — 'For, God's sake, old fellowj' broke in Fortress, jumping up and walking about the room, ' don't speak riddles. Where has she gone ? to?» ..:.... ,? ... ? . ?. _?_?';? ? y '?,'.? \\- y '.She has gorio to teach; music and I don't know what else, at a boarding school, where; as a great favor, she is allowed to have her little girl with'her.' ' And how long has she been .there ?'? ' Nearly three years.' ' Why !' exclaimed Fortress in blank astonishment, ' ypn told me' Ewart had been dead only. six mantha.' 'That is so; but you haven't heard the worst part of the story even now.' ' Then,' said Fortress, sitting down doggedly, ' out with it at once please, short and strong.' ' ' After that night when Churton was there, they never lived together again.' (A grant Of assent from Fortress.) ' 'Ewart was ill a long,' while ; his creditors grew unmanageable, and) when he . recovered, his. living was se questrated. He hadn't a brass farthing. His relatives subscribed epouprb. to put him with a man who advertises his wishes to ' meet with a few- gentlemen of inburable intemperate, habits' to keep in order, took the two boys, and refused to do any more. . Mrs Ewart was ihankful to .take the situation which old Dr. Snell got for her, , and has, been therek ever sincei'. 'Dp you know her address?' 'Yes ; . I have called' upon her with Churton.'. 'Will you 'give it to me?' 'With tho greatest pleasure in tho world.' ' And I wrote it'down and'gave ifcbim. Fortiess tbels it with many thanks, wished me good night, arid went' his way,',. .' _ ? ' :' ? -. . ,.. ' ; ; .- '.-' .., , ,,' ,CHiJTEE, XVII.— MRS ' BWABT AT HOME. Not many weeks.after this, Churton and I, to our common astonishment, received an invi tation to go and drink . tea ; with Mrs Ewarti Her letters were dated, not. from the sobool, but from a certain cottage in the neighborhood of Norwood.- Of course we compared notes, and put our. heads together, but couM make little or nothing by that. Perhaps she had suddenly, come into money ; perhaps she had married ? one of the masters at the school (but thenishe would not have sioned her letters Ellen i Ewart) : nerhaDs ebe had discovered a relation of her father or mother ; perhaps Ewart's friends had received supernatural warning (nothing leas would havo moved them) to bohave handsomely, and had (with much' grumbling, of course) 'obeyed. It waa all ' perhaps.' Fortress we had both seen several titneB in the interval, but tho only nllu sioa ho over made , to the subject of Mrs Ew art, was to say more than once: 'I havn't called ; I couldn't xaako up my mind to call. It eeemed useless to ask whether he knew au 3 thing about the matter ; ho we went to our tea drinking bewildered and expectant. We found Mrs Ewart in a state of high delight ; she had her three children, with her, the eldest boy boing at a 3ay- school in the neighborhood ; she was a mistress pf a small bu-r pretty little cottage, and she. welcomed us almost gaily-' Thero are good people in the world beside you and me,'.' said she. laughing, ' as yon may per ceive from that letter ; it is from nsy husband's solicitor.' ' .?'?'???? '? The letter ran as follows : Deak Madam,— I havo great pleasure in informing you that the late Epv. George Ewart had move generous friends -thau you aa'e probably aware of. The consequence is. that I am enabled to, promise you an ' annuity -of one hundredand fifty pounds a year for your . life time, to be paid to you. quarterly by nlo; and I beg to forward you a chetiue for the firat quarter.-- -Yonrs faithfully, - . i ?.;?? ? Tuojiab Draft. Serjeant's. Iiin. ':''. Of course I called immediately,' said Mrs Ewart, ' to find out who my excellent Men ds' were ; but Mr Draft was very mysterious, and used a quantity of legal terms to me, land only left upon my , mind the impressien that my kind friends were afraid that if.: theirnames were known. some ..unpleasantness might arise with my husband's immediate ? family, . who would consider that some refloction''upou, their conduct was intended, especially as Mr. Draft is -their solicitor* as well as my husband's. Isn't 10 .VU.V.U1UUS -' ; ... .-;?!... . ? : We heartily sympathised with, and at the .same. time consoled Mrs ?: Ewart. We talked about all sorts .of things and persons, old times and old acquaintances; and at last, Churton asked her if. she recollected. Major Fortress. The blood rushed to her; face, and subsided again in a moment, as she answered quietly : ' I recollect a Mr Fortress very 'well indeed,, but he was only a lieutenant wnenlknew him.' 'Oh, that's the man,' observed Churr ,ton heartily. . .' He is a hero now : he was all .ihrough tie mutinyj and. he . has come back, a Major, a Y.G., with an addition to the means he;.: always 'hadi , and . .with, many graces and honors which he hadn't.' '.I should have thought he would make a fine Boldier,' said Mrs Ewart smiling, '.' but',r- — r.and . she fin ished her sentence with . -a 'shake of the head which demolished Fortress's moral: character. ' Fortres3,':said I with some heat; 'is and al .ways was|a noble fellow ; he.is.not, and never -was, : fundamentally, vicious or ? ii'ieiigieus, as ..people ; made... out; he only hated humbug; ; aad' perhaps. : took ..; on. .;un ;wise:.way ;of~ showing ihia ?hatred: ,plainly.''i ..Mrs^Ewattvlistened ?.atteritirely, -and' looked 'even-pleased at my , vehemence. At .length she asked.:, 'fils.i he much, altored ? ?-? /- J. suppose- 1 should r not ; known' . him ; .Jagain ?J ' '. '..:- i ' JHe-is. - a little altered, certainly,' .'answered ? Churton, ,' but for : the better. I. feel pretty :? sure^ you would know him again : may I- bring him to. CalL?'\,-/ :??,. ?? ..'?-; ,:??:-.-;.???.?; ? -rj :',; . -.- : ' Mrs- Ewart looked suddenly grave (for the words .'^goodrbyeior ever''rang. in her ears), b|ut something whisperedto her Semper idem, and she replied (almost haughtily, however) : .' I can hardly imagine the great Major For tress would care, to . call here ;. but if you ithink' ? ' ?? ?' He-.ofteninqnires after you,' blurted Iininterruption.'Eeally !' exclaimed shd with an air of cool surprise ; 'lam sure I ought to feel highly flattered.' ' Then I may. bring him some day ?' said Churton in terrogatively. 'Oh; certainly 1' replied she' in a tone of.iudifferenco. And soon afterwards Churton and I took leave. CHAPTER XVIII,— IN Mr LADY'S CHAMBER. : | Of cbui'se if will seem strange that I should know what Mrs Ewart did thai? night -in her bedroom, especially, when Churton and I were smpking.a pipe together at my abode, when she was going to bed. , Nevertheless, in defiance of tjhe strange and- marvellous, I saw her (in my mind's eye, you know) examine herself more attentively than phe had done for some years past in the glass, and then take out of her. .dressing-case, and read with a sigh, the following scrawl on a dirty piece of paper: - ? |Dbjrb . IiABy-7-Xcuse me takm aiibbaty; but I'm a dyin, and speek Gawd's trooth. The viilin'you marryd were my ruing; my ohild?s ded, but he were the father, and he oyerpus swaydid'me to put it .on to anuther, which never did nothink ony kind and sivile by me, least ways no more than kiss me light-arted h'ke — he- wopdn't, aye urted a wnm— -praps you no im by the name pf Fortriss. So Mr P-.. were sent away from CoUidge; , and Mr-E. (that's youre usbnn), ho were seen walkin with me after, and he. we're pakd hof a little wiles to, but were artneie'nuf to kep it unbenone to is frens^ I coodn't dye easy xcep I let yoii no ow it were, fur I'm sawry for Mr F., and I ate Mr ,E., oo' as treeted me shamefle, and I can't tuch him ony throo you. . Mr E. allus give ma is adress at is clubb, but I fund out is adress in the contry jest befor I, were tnk ill, and I maid, up my mined to xpose im. So no mor from Rose White. ' .Morrybun Workus. ......... ? .Mrs Ewart had reoeived this letter during her husband's ilhiess which preceded their se paration ; she had never 'shown it or mentioned it to Ewart, but it. had not diminished, the loathing she felt for him, and had increased her ad!nirationJ * and pity' for Fortress. And nowi' as she returned the scrawl to its re- ' ceptacle, she signed:4' Poor follow J' and as she w.ooed'slow-comiDg' sleep, she softly mut tere'd : ' Semper' idem -' for though sho had felt '. bound at her marriage to destroy 'Fortress's note; ; his motto1 was easily' remem- bered.' ' v ? ?' v ' .'-? -?'? ?'?'??; '?' . ' ?''';. ''.' :-' CHAPTER XIX.— ^GOOD-BYE FOR EVEB. . Churton: took Fortress to pay the talked-of visit, for Fortress ' felt that the--' good-bye for everl' had somehow been' ' cancelled. ' Mrs Ewart . received him with much composure (after the manner of women) and with charm ing grace. She displayed her children before him, and'gavo him clearly to understand (un less he chose to be very slo\» at understanding) that she was to be regarded rathbr as the busy matron than as tho lonely widow. He re mained but a short time, -and departed with permission to repeat his call. Of the permis sion he availed himsolf frequently, to the great delight and material advantage of the children, who regarded Major, Fortress as the king 'of men, tho fountain of wealth, and a lineal do scendimt of the demi-gods. One day, whnn Major Fortress and Mrs Ewavt were left to gether, the former said abruptly and hurriedly : ' 'Mr3 Ewart, I do not wish to recur to tho painful past ; but I should Hko to eutublish iny character with you in certain respects. I am ' no longer a gambler ; I can no loujjer bo called without injuytiee' an infidel ; bnt I siuat con fess, with phama aDd gorrow, that there is an other blot winch you rightly oxpressod your horror at, which I assured you had f. alien upon my reputation without a cause, but which I have it not in my power, even now, when perhaps your change from unmarried girl to mother might excuse me if I made iny defence, to re move to your satisfaction, too yon remember what it was?',) . . Mrs Ewart's heart had been beating 4!ast dur ing this address ;' she had said inwardly to her self :' I will not show him tho latter, for, after'all, the guilty man was my husband;' she had waited to the end ; and now with some ' emotion sho replied : ' Major Fortress, I have need to ask your f orgivoness ; I was but a silly, self -righteous girl, when I behaved towards yeu as I did ; aiid as for the blot you allude to, circumstances, which I hope you will not desire'to hear, have cleared you altogether in my poor eyes.' ?' That is fortunate,' said Fortress radiantly, having thought, as she spoke, that her troubles had only given her a sweeter expression ;' bat, if you recollect, there is. still the sad fact that I ain in the army. ' 'I have learned , ' said Mrs E wart with a sweet smile, 'to hold no Sweeping theories about professions.', ?? ' The accused may be considered, then,' rejoined Fortress laughing, 'to have cleared himself com-, pleteiy; and if you have not forgotten my -motto'— ; ' ; '' At this interesting point, iu rushed the eldest : boy, looking the very image of his dead father. Fortress glared at him a moment, grew gloomy ? visaged immediately, made a few'kiijd in a colder farewell thau usual of Mr3 Ewart. She had noticed, the glare, as of one who recognises an enoniy, and the- gloom which 'succeeded ' it ; and as she stood at the window watching Fortress's retreat ing figure, which, did not turn round as was wont, and raise its hat as a part ?ing salute, she muttered to herself, in the words of Guinevere, in the idyll she had been reading : ' The shadow of another clings to me, and makes -me ene pollution;' Meonwhilej iFortrefes, as he wended his way, was think ing : 'I niight, perhaps,'have been a happy man if that boy bad'-'not come in. But to: be' the father tit '-his .children! Pah ! I 'don't think I 'could do it. Nevertheless, she shalj: not be1 able to say that I was not semper idem.'- ? ';':'': '-? ,. :' .' jii :;. .' ' ; '?' ' ' ' 1 There are m'en to' whom the story of , Enoch Arden is - revolting,, and would be revolting 'even if Enoch had.beerfdead when Annie mar !ried Phillip, .They would' have been faithful to the death tP Annie, and 'would have found Jout means to Save her from peverty ..without a sale of herself, to which the sale of an unmar- ; ried '.-girl in'the' Belgravian^arkit is, in their estimation, an iiTeproachableiransaction. They 'have, moreover, when they: reflect calmly, an;; 'objection.; to this acknowledgment ' of woman's : influence, and ? thi-nk in thoir ' secret : 'hearts' ;';ttiat'- ,'womah's' vanity Requires to be checked rather than encouraged— -. tnat the .tyranny of beauty should be over ' thrown— that loveliness should not be allowed to' Icherish the idea (for'which, alack! there is but too much foundation), that so soon as Bhe has disposed of one victim (who may, how ever, have disagreed with her), there is another anxious to be swallowed:up— that the charniing widow with a batch of fatherless children, has ?but' to throw out a liitle sweet bait, arid she will forth with, hook tho most desirable of her former lovers. How much, of all this, added to the apparition of young Ewart in the like ness of his .dead father, decided Fortress's fu ture course,' no human being can tell. He de termined, howeyer, to act up to his motto, Semper idem. Soon after his critical inter view with Mrs Ewart (with' whom he never again got upon such delicate' greund), he ina- ' paged to get sent upon foreign service. He ' distinguished himself in action; and was killed ; and Mr Draft.then , informed Mrs Ewart that the welcosie annuity had come solely from Major Fortress, who had by his will increased it by the addition of nearly all he possessed. He had also written to Mrs Ewart a long letter, in. which he. revealed his whole heart, and begged her acceptonceof Ha portrait, wherein photography had been extraordinarily success ful, and on .the back whereof was the motto, Semper idem. ' ' , ' ' ?!. Will any find fault with her if she hold in either hand the portraits of her husband and Major Fortress; if. she gazed with tear- stained face on each ;if she put down the former, gently sighing, on the table, and, passionately kissing the latter, moaned : ' 1 - TTn win tha hicrlinr n.iirt morn hinnaH too. , NotLavuiueloi,aor'au9Uior; ?';.,.: if she hung her husband's in the room where strangers- sat, and her lover's initheroom; whereishe would lie o' nights, and: watch arid think, and pray and weep, arid haply sleep and dream? The hypochondriac had long since gone where thero is neither ' Bright's dis ease'nor rheumatism in the heel ;' the Echo lay amongst the echoes of the tombs ; Jemima . felt the assistance of her two thousand pounds, and blessed the memory of her uncle, for she little thought to whom, she was indebted for her legacy; Dr. Sriell had taken his departure for the place where all things; including 'tonicsi' are forgotten ;' Mrs Pltttt was but a pleasant' memory ; and Caroline. and Augusta, themselves fruitful mothers of: children, talked over, again and- -again, with Mrs Ewart. the whole story of her life, and : agreed '. one with the other that, had she married Major Fortress, . she might truly have been saidto have f. mar ried-well.' . . ' ? ??:« ? '?'??'?'.- ' ''?'? ?' ? The MoRTAiiiTi'iN Lying-in Hospitals.— Dr. Simpson, in his address to the Public Health Section of' the late-Social Science Congress at Belfast, stated, as the result ot vr. iieou ue Fort's semi-official investigations, that, out of 934,781 parturient women delivered at their own poor* and- often very wretohed homes, 4405 died, or one in eveiy 212 ; while out of ?888,512 delivered in maternity hospitals, where every kind of. professional care and comfort was beatowod upon them; 80,394 died, or ono 'in every 29. Dr. Simpson now adds, ;that ' theBo statistics apply to hospital practice^ an compared with dispensary or. home practice - among the same cluss of women in the leading cities and medical schools of Earopp. To the general law of the excessive mortality of hos pital, as compared with home, pvactico, Lon don, let mo add, is no exception. I find from tho statistics published by Dr. Barnes, that out of 4000 women confined in tho four chief maternity hospitals of London,. 142 died, or ono in every 28 ; -while out of 18,283 conimed at their own homes as dispensary or' out patients in conneclion-with the hoapitab.of St. Thomas and Gny, 53 died, or ono in erory 34G.' '? ? ' ' ? 