ADDITIONAL NEWS BY PANAMA MAIL. [From the American and Pacific papers, from Greville & Co.'s files.] A new indictment, it is considered probable, will be framed against Jeff. Davis. The Grand Jury of the United States Court at Richmond are still taking testimony in the matter. Prize-fighting is apparently becoming a popular institution in America, the sporting papers giving an account of an "issue" of ibis kind between Sam CoUyer and ffm. Kelly for $1,000, in which, after 111 rounds, the former was the winner. In another engagement, be tween Bussy and Duffy, for a like stun, near Chicago, 135 rounds were fought, -and "Bussy won apparently by virtue of superior powers of endurance. There was a most remarkable meteoric | display observed from 2 till 4 a.m. of the | 14th November in various parts of Ame rica. Daring about three hours some i 1,500 were noticed. ? Weston, the American pedestrian, is astonishing the natives in America by attempting 1,226 miles —from Portland to Chichago—in 26 secular days, for $10,000 dollars. Seth Wilber Payne has also started to walk from New York to San Francisco in 150 days—a distance of 3,300 miles. He will take notes as he goes for publication, as he is an author as well as a pedestrian. A Mr. James Verner. a delegate from the Tailors' National Emigration Society of London, on November 29, had an in terview with the President, to ask assis tance in aid of the strike of the journey men tailors of London, who had been on strike for the previous seven months. The President presented him with $50 for the above purpose, and in an address to Mr. Verner and his co-delegates, gave some of his early experiences as a tailor, and explained, inter alia, that the saying " Nine tailors make a man" arose from an indigent tailor being assisted by nine of his fellow-rworkmen, and eventually coming to a high position and wealth. An explosion of nitro-glycerine took place at South Berjen, New Jersey, on November 24, by which nine men lost their lives. In Montreal a little French newspaper is published, expressly to advocate annex ation to the United States. A circular has been addressed to the Roman Catholic clergy of the Baltimore diocese, directing the offering of prayers, the collect pro Papa, until further notice, and on Sundays after the late mass the litany of the saints with five paters and ayes for the safety and prosperity of the Holy Father. The trotting season in America closed by a few events on the Union Course, December 4. Kate, in harness, did two miles and repeat in 5.45. Captain did four one-mile heats, harnessed to a waggon, in an average of 2mm 56 Bee. By a telegram received from Jamaica, under date November 12, 1867, some ] very sensational information is given, j A new insurrection is feared in retaliation i for the punishments inflicted by the British Government. Men, women, nor children ate to be spared. The move ment is expected to take place at Christmas. In Hayti (St. Domingo) insurrectionary troubles against the Government of Salnave still continue. The trial of Jeff. Davis has been further postponed till 52nd March next, with the understanding, that if at that time it shall be deemed, most advisable the case shall be put off till next term. The Herald suggests, ironically, to Congress the passage of a Bill giving leave of absence of 20 years to Davis, as the easiest way of settling the difficulty of his trial. On Charles Dickens's first reading at Fremont Temple, Boston, after all the seat tickets were sold, the box office was opened, and no less than 1,000 tickets for standing-room were sold. In Virginia a curious plot has been discovered. A ghost has been for some time disturbing the peace of Albermarle, and it has been eventually discovered that the quasi supernatural exhibitions were effected by a negro with the aid of a magic lantern, he having been employed by one Morris, with a view to terrify the occupants of a certain farm, so that they might sell to Morris and'clear out. Prince Salm-Salm has been liberated by tiie Mexicans, on the intercession of Mr. Plumb, the United States Consul. The opening of the portion already completed of the Union Pacific Railway, has effected a considerable reduction in the time of transit between California and New York, the mails are now run through in 15 days, so that allowing 40 days for tiie passage from China toCali fomia, and 9or 10 from America to England, a Liverpool merchant may have China advices by letter in 64 days. A new international coin has been struck by the French Government for circulation in France, America, or Eng land, having a cognizable value in each country, viz.:—2s francs, 6 dollars, and JL sovereign, or 20 shillings respectively, this_ will tend to facilitate monetary affairs. 