MISCELLANEOUS. THE ZEALANDIA.—This ship arrived in Brisbane Roads on July 3, and was admitted to pratique next day. She is a large vessel, and brings a full general cargo, besides sixty-two passengers, who were under the medical super vision of Dr. King. Among them were the Rev. Dr. Bermingham, Vicar-General of the Catholic Church in this colony; Father Horan, nephew to Right Rev. Dr. Quinn; twelve Sisters of Mercy, and four novices. The passage though rather long was a pleasant one, the utmost unanimity and good feeling prevailing among all classes of the pas sengera. Their health also was good through out. The length of the passage is due to a great number of calm days experienced, and the generally, unfavorable winds met with, so that the ship was never able to make a good day's run. Captain Motton reports that she sailed from the Downs on March 14, with afoul wind, and beat down clear of the channel by the 20th. She then had a succession of light winds, chiefly from the north, until she got the north- east trades in lat. 260 N. She crossed the line on April 12, in long. 2630 W. Then for five days she had light airs and calms; got the south-east trades 4.29 S., and they carried her to lat. 190 S. and 360 W. on April 25. During the next six days she was delayed by light variable breezes with calms, and only made southing up to lat. 21 0. Again, when in 43-0 S., she had light airs and calms for three days. The meredian of the Cape of Good Hope was crossed May 20 in lat. 45 30 S., in a gale from the north-aorth east, which lasted until she reached lat. 50*30 S. In running the easting she had rety unset tled weather. The winds were chiefly from the northward, which drove the ship far south, with occasional south-westerly squalls, and these were frequently attended by heavy snow falls. At noon, on June 21, she made King's Island, and had a fine run of fourteen hours through Bass' Straits. Westerly winds prevailed on the coast as far as Point Danger, off which she was on June 26. After that the wind fell light and shifted to the northward. This, together with the adverse coast current, prevented her making Cape Moreton until July 2. Next morning she was boarded by Pilot Bholl, who brought her up to the anchorage the same night. The Zealandia is now discharging her cargo. Bustard Head Light. —The new light house at Bustard Head is now completed, and was lighted for the first time on June 29. The tewer, which is of iron painted white, is fixed on the eastern headland of Bustard Head, and is 33 feet in height, while the light itaelf is 320 feet above the sea level. It is a dioptric light of the second order, and will show a bright fixed light every alternate minute, the intervening minutes being occupied by a bright flash, pre ceded and fjllowed by a short eclipse. The light will be visible at a distance of 23 miles from the deck of a small vessel. Its principal use is to take vessels clear of a dangerous reef lying off Bustard Head, the outer rock of which bears from the light-house N. five degrees W., distant about three miles. Thb Bayswateb.—This is the only ship on the berth for London, and is fast filling up. She has on board at the present time, about 300 bales wool, 800 bales cotton, 250 casks tallow, and about 1000 hides. It is expected she will, in all, take about 2000 bales of wool and cotton. The cargo is being sent to her as fast as it can be stowed, and there is little doubt but what she will be at sea during the first week of August. A private telegram has been received stating that the Hero, s.s., formerly employed in the Torres Btraits mail service, was to leave Melbourne for Maryborough on July 8, with passengers for Gympie. She is, we understand, to be run in the passenger trade between Melbourne and Queensland so long as the rush continues. It is expected her next voyage will be made to Brisbane. She is a full-powered steamer of 800 tons, and is under the command of Captain Logan. On July 7 the schooner-yacht Hamlet's Ghost put to sea on a cruise to the northern parts of this colony. This vessel, which has quite a little history of her own, has recent'y been purchased from the Hon. G. Harris by Count Yon Atten, for the sum of £500. Her new owner, we understand, intends taking a pleasure cruise down the coast as far as Cleve land Bay. The Gneering, s., left Mooloolah at 9 p m., on Tuesday, and arrived here at 9 p.m., on Wed nesday. She had fine weather throughout the passage. The Gjmpie mail by her left the dig gings op Tuesday morning. The Oamaru Times, of the 16th June, de scribes " the weather during Thursday, Friday, and Saturday as being perfectly fearful. It rained incessantly from Thursday morning until late on Saturday night, with a stiff breeze, oc casionally increasing to the force of a gale from the Bouth and south-east. The barometer fell to 281, and the temperature was uncomfortably low; the whole aspect of the elements being wintry and miserable in the extreme. There was a very heavy sea on in the roads, indeed nearly as bad a sea as during the disastrous February gales. Fortunately there were, from Friday afternoon, no vessels in the bay except the Coomerang, which arrived on the morning of that day. The sea, although getting up, was not sufficiently high to prevent her discharging her cargo for this port, which consisted of only a few packages; but shortly afterwards the heavy rollers which came in rendered it impos sible to take anything out to her. About 2 p.m. the blue-peter was hoisted as a signal to proceed to sea; and she got up steam and about 4 o'clock stood out in the teeth of the wind, rolling a good deal among the breakers. She was anxiously watched until she was seen to weather the point, and considerable maeaßiness was felt as to how it might fare with her, seeing that she was very light in the water, and had, it was feared, but a small stock of coal. On Saturday morning two guns were heard, at an interval of about a quarter of an hour, shortly after midnight, and two more between 9 and 10 a.m. This circumstance, added to the finding of a pair of cabin doors on the beach, brought up by the tide, led to gloomy anticipations as to the possibility of tne steamer or some other vessel having foun dered or gone ashore. Up to the time of writing this we have heard of no wreck any where upon the coast, and the Coomerang arrived safely in Dunedin 