PASTORAL FOR LENT, 1868, . ^ ;. DANIEL, BY THE GRACE OF GOD, AND FAVOR OF THE APOSTOLIC SEE, BISHOP OF HOBART TOWN. 1 To THE CLEEGY AND LAITY OF THE DIOCESE OF HOBABT T o w , GREETING :— Between the porch and the altar the priests, the Lord's miuisters, shall weep, and shall say: Spare O Lord, spare thy people : and give not thy inheritance to reproach that the heathens should rule over them. Why should they 6ay among the nations, Where is their God ? . . . . And von, O children of Sion, rejoice and be joyful in ihe Lord your God: because he hath given you a teacher of justice.—Joel ii. 17-23. '" DEABLY BELOVED BBETHBEN,—The Israelites, of whom the prophet Joel speaks, had recourse to the aid of religion in order to be delivered from the dangers to which they xvere exposed by their powerful enemieB; and eo long as they were obedient to their teachers propounding to them the allegiance they owed their God, they were sure to find protection." "Spare, O Lord, spare Thy people; and give not Thy inheritance to reproach" was the fervent prayer offered up in their behalf by the pn-Ets the ministers of the Lord. Now, as St. Paul informs us, * these things were done m a figure of us" (1 Cor. x. 6) Ton are, dearly hel ved brethren, the inheritance of the Lord; that chosen people for irhose salvation His only Son, the great Perfecter of the Testament, was pleased to offer Himself in tacriuce : and for whom the ministers placed between the alter and the porch earnestly pray and offer the sacrifice of the new law, that you may not be subjected to the reproach of your spiritual enemies, triumphing ani ruling' OFer you In tlie warfare in which you are constantly engaged, during your mortal pilgrimagp, against the world, the flesh, and the deiil, the Church is your infallible guide and support - and so long as you are faithful to her teaching you need not fear defeat, but, on the contrary, you may rest assured of bearing off the palm of victory. The Church is Christ's representative on earth. To hgp He has imparted His own power and authority, when, addressing HSB Ep istles, and through them their lawful successors : he said, "All power is given to me in heaven and in earth. Going, therefore, ron^h ye all nations, baptizing them in 'the name "of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost. Teaching them to observe ail thing* whatsoever I have commanded you ; and behold I am with you all days, even to tbe consummation of the world." St Matthew xxviiL 19 20. • He that heareth you, heareth me ; and he that despUeth you, despiseth me," St. Lukes 16. And "if he will not hear the" Cnu;c!i let him be to thee as the heathen and the publican." St. Matthew xviii. 17. The Oburcli, therefore, commands our TeBpect and obedience, in all that pertains to salvation; not only m the weightier matters of faith arid morality, but also in those minor ordinances wuich she has, so to speak, built up as fences round the fold, for the preservation of the flock. - Among these ordinances there are some, "to which, deai jy-beloved brethren, we deem it our duty lo call your special attention, as we have learned with pain that they are being disregarded ar.u even openly violated by many of our flock,—whose example is already producing pernicious results amongst the rising generation. The first, is that which commands the confessing of your sins, at least once in the year, or wi;hin the time appointed; and is to be found in the following canon of the 4th Ccuncil of L teran :—" Every one of the faithlul of both sexes after they come to the years of discretion shall, in private, faithfully confess then sins at least once a year to their pastor, aud take care to fulfil to the best of their power the penance enjoined upon them; receiving reverently at Easter the Sacrament of the Eucharist, unless perhaps, by counsel of their pastor, for some reasonable cause they judge it proper 10 abstain from it for a time; otherwise let them be excluded out of the Church whilst living, and when they die be deprived of Christian burial." This ordinance is founded on the Divine precept, contained amongst others, in the following words of our Lord, '• Unless you shall do penance, you shall-all likewise perish." St. Luke xiii. 3. "Amen, I say unto you, except you eat of the flesh of the Sou of Man, and drink his blood, you sliall not have life in you. He that eateth my flesh and drinketli my blood hath everlasting life: and I will raise him up in the last day." (8t. John vi. 54, 55.) From which word is deduced the absolute netessity of doing penance for sins, and participating of the Holy Eucharist. You will not fail, dearly- beloved brethren, to observe the force to tbe foregoing words used by our Divine Lord, and the similarity they bear to th so which He employed when inculcati g tiie necessity of baptism. "Amen, amen, I say to thee, unless a man be bornagain of water and the Holy Ghost, he cannot enter into the Kingdom of God."—S. Johuiii. 5. As therefo:e, ba .tisin is indispensably necessary to t-ll'aco oijjji.Kil which excludes from the Kingdom of Heaven ; so penahce is equally necessary to efface the gu It of actual sin, which deprives us of our right to a celestial inheri- tarii.e. By mear.s of penance the mortal wound inflicted on the soul by actu ii sin is cured,— spiritual life, which is sanctifying grace, is restored,—and to preserve this life of the soul the reception of the Holy Eucharist is as necessary as ordinary food is necessary for the preservation of the life of the body. Wherefore, Hearly-belored brethren, W e earnest! 7 e short you all to have recourse, not only on -e" in the year, as you are strictly commanded, but frequently, to tlieBe salutary fountains of grace , knowing that they arc the true sources of real happiness in this world, and the divinely-established means which will conduct you to the enjoyment of eternal life—the attainment, of which oujht to be the chi.-f object of your thoughts. The next ordinance to which We would direct your attention, dearly-beloved brethern, is that which prohibits Catholics from communicating with non-Catholics in prayer, and from being present at their religious ceremonies. The great Pontiff Benedict XIV. in his work called " The Diocesan Synod," after tracing the origin of this ordinance to the times of the Apostles, and showing how strongly such intercourse is reprobated by the Church, quotes numerous Apostolic canons and decrees of Councils, all of which agree in prohibiting both ecclesiastics and laymen from uniting -with non-Catholics in prayer and religious rites, under pain of deposition to the former, and of deprival of communion to the latter. This prohibition is general, including as it does, all classes of the flock both old and young, and extending not only to churches, but also to cameteriel and other places, even should thev be private dwelling-houses, where religious service is performed If, therefore, dearly - beloved brethren, 6ome of the elder members of our flock openly violate this important law they must see how grievously they offend ngainBtthe authority of the Church of God, and to what severe penalties they expose themselves. Th« Will say that their faith is too strong to be shaken by any temptation, but they ought to take •warning from the words of St. Paul addressed to persons placed in similar circumstances " He that thinketh himself to stand, let him take heed lest he fall"—1 Cor. 10. Mor over they should beware how they comport themselves in presence of the young, upon whom the future of Catholicity in this Diocese depends, — remembering- that, " He that shall scandalize one of these little ones that believe in me. it were better for him that a millstone should be hanged about his neck, and that lie should be drowned in the depth of the sea" Matthew xviii. 6. Above all, parents whom G-od has blessed with children, and who are responsible to Him for the manner in which they are brought up, are bound by the most sacred obligations of religion as well as of nature to set them good example. Thev must themselves be faithful in observing the laws of God wid His Church, and theF must also make it their special care that their children observe them likewise. For they who neglect the discharge of this duty, upon which the salvation alike of parents and children depends, are decked by St. Paul to have " denied the faith," and to be " worse than an infidel "—1 Tina. v. 8. Hence those parents who allow their children to attend the prayers and religious instruction given by Protestants at the public schools of this colony, -will not fail to understand the nature of the crime they become guilty of, by thus exposing their little ones to the imminent danger of losing that faith " without which it is impossible to please God," —and the responsibility they are under of using every necessary precaution in order to preserve to them that most precious of all gifts. The last question, dea-.ly- beloved brethren, on whicji We desire to instruct you is that of mixed marriages. Such marriages have always been reprobated by the Catholic Church, and, if -she permits them, it is only with great difficulty, and only under such conditions as "will, obviate the evils they tend to give rise to. The following extract, taken from a circular letter recently addressed by. His Eminence Cardinal Antonelli to all Catholic Archbishops, Bishops, and Ordinaries of places, expresses the mind of His Holiness Pope Pius IX. on the foregoing subject;— "All are aware of what has been the constant feeling of the Church concerning marriages between Catholics and non-Catholics, seeiDg that she has always discountenanced them and considered them to be illicit, and openly pernicious, as well on account of a sinful commtutio in divinis, as because of the immediate-danger of perversion to the Catho- lic husband or wife, and the bad education of their offspring. And to this have reference Canons of a very ancient date, severely- prohibiting such mixed marriages, and the more recent decrees of the Sovereign Pontiffs, of which Benedict XIV of Immortal memory speaks in that most celebrated work entitled " De Synodo Diocesanaa." Hence it is that this Apostolic See, to which alone belongs the power of dispensing in the impediment^ " mi sitae religionls," of relaxing something of the severity of the Canons it occasionally permits such mixed marriages has only done so •with veiy 1 great difficulty, and for most grave causes ; and, solely under the express condition of always securing necessary and opportune safeguards,—to wit, that not merely the Catholic husband or wife must not be perverted by the non- Catholic, but that on the contrary the Catholic husband or wife are to know that tliey are bound by all'means to strive to convert their non-Catholic consort from error, but also that all the children of both sexes that may be born from the marriage are, by all means, to be brought up in the sanctity of the Catholic religion, which precautions can never be dispensed with, seeing that they are founded on the nataral and Divine la«r which the Church and tins Holy See strive in every way they can to uphold in its integrity, and against which, undoubtedly, they sin most gnevionsly, who rashly contracting such marriages expose themselves and the children that thence may be born to the danger of perversion. _ His Holiness in nowise doubts that all Prelates in view of their tried religion and piety, and of the duty of their pastoral office will continue •with ever-increasing zea! to dissuade the Catholics entrusted to them from these mixed marriages, and accurately to teach them the doctrines and laws of the Church respecting such marriages. His Holiness, moreover, is fully persuaded that the aforesaid Prelates will always have before their jeyes the letters and instructions which have been written on this most important subject, and matter-, of utmost moment, by his predecessors of happy memory, especially by Pius VI., Pius VIL, Pius VJU., and Gregory XVX, to many Bishops of ihe Catholic •world." These instructions coming as they do, from so high a source as the Head of ihe Catholic -Church, the Vicar of Jesus Christ, will, We feel assured, when they are fully made known and explained to you, influence your conduct in a matter which intimately regards your temporal and spiritual interests. Mixed marriages, as sueh, are emphatically an unmxied evil. Besides the spiritual evils arising from them, there are temporal evils also which alone should be sufficient to deter not only Catholics, but non- Catholics as well, from entering into them. They are destrnctive of that domestic peace aud happiness which should prevail in every family, and a state of life designed by God to be a source of blessing becomes an intolerable yoke, and a curse. A hollow peace is often purchased by the loss of faith. But should the faith be preserred, it is with difficulty, and by yielding to compromises which deprive it of much of its value. The offspring also of such marriages cannot possibly escape the contagion which error diffuses around it. Subject to influences •which they are not in a position to counteract, their youthful minds must receive impressions which are calculated to weaken, if not wholly eradicate the germs of Divine Faith. Hence if they do not altogether renounce their faith they grow up with maudlin ideas of its necessity and obligations,—retaining it may be the name of Catholic, but regligent in the practice of those virtues which distinguish a good Catholic. However g*eat may be the good—such as the conversion of the non-Catho ic—thai casually results from mixed marriages, and which is put in as a plea in their favor,it cannot be compared with the general evi's which they originate ; nor can it be lawful for anyone to risk the salvation of his ojrn soul to gam that of another. It is then plainly the duty of every pastor of souls to guard his flock, for which he is resp. nsible to God against danger, and to preserve them within the fold rather than to seek out others, and to perfer the condition of our Lord, who said " Of these whom thou hast given me, I have not lost any one"—St. John xviii. 9. Wherefore, dearly-beloved brethren, feeling it our duty to aive effect to the injunctions of the '""mo Pontiff, and convinced as We are of the dejJoraolrt consequences which so often result from mixed marriages, We declare it to be our determination to discountenance them by every means in our power, and relying on the co-operation or our faithful Clergy and on your filial obedience and good dispositions, We trust that those of our flock intending to enter into the matrimonial state will dismiss from their minds all ideas of uniting themselves for life in a yoke so burthensome to human nature and so determents to religion. We further declare that We shall not tolerate the celebration of any such marriages, within our Diocese, unless we are satisfied that the conditions prescribed by His Holiness are made and are likely to be faithfully fulfilled ;-which conditions are: 1st. That the non-Catholic party solemnly promise not to interfere directly or indirectly with the religion of the Catholic. 2nd. That children of both sexes, should God bless them with any, be baptized and brought up in the Catholic religion. And 3rd, That the Catholic party strive to convert the non- Catholic from error. And We require that these conditions be recorded in a book kept for that purpose by each of our Clergy, and signed by both parties, in the presence of two witnesses. In conclusion, dearly beloved brethren, among the works of charity and religion which will engage your attention during the ensuing Lent, We shall esk your pious prayers for ou' Ho!y Father the Pope. Assailed by the most inveterate enemies of all law, human and divine, the Christian world ever had to contend -vitli, n hose professed object in endeavouring to eipfl the Pope from Eome, is the destruction of religion—and aided by no human power upoD which he can rely,—He presents to the world a noble example of firmness and confidence in that good God, Who assures ns that whatsoever we a-k in the name of HiB Sen will be granted to us. " The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the charity of God, and the communication of the Holy Ghost, be with you all- Amen " (2 Cor. xiii. 13.) \+ DANIEL Bishop of "Hobart Town. triven at Our .Residence, Hobart Town Sexageeima Sunday, MDCCCLXVUI. ' —Tasmanian Catholic Standard. 