' LOOAL AND GENERAL NEWS. Numerous swarins of boos have boon 011 tho move in the neighbourhood ' of Gyxhpie during the past ? few ! whbkSi '- One fine sWnl'm was obtained irom a ?trod in front of tho Oourt-liouse. As a diBh of honey forirts a vory pleasant roliof to tho monotonous 'salt junk and damper,' no doubt the opportunity of pro curing a hive of boos will be takon by many of our rosidonts. . ' . Wit have been voquostod to oall the attention of tho shareholders of claims No. 3, 4, 6, and 6 north,' Wost Coast Load, to tho fact that a meeting will bo held this evening, at tho Quoou's Hotol, Ono-milo. ; As it appears (that there are ten or twelve pur 'ohbse.rs of land at tho Into Government sa'e at Gympio who huve not yet paid tlie balaneo of their purohase-money, thoy are reminded that they mast complete thoir paytrtents on or before Thursday, tho 26th instant. . ? The Potty Debts Court resumed its sittings yes terday, to hoar ono oaso — J. K. M'LolIan v. tho Great Contral Gold Mining Company. The action was to recover tho sum oi £6 0s. 8d., for blacksmith's work and articles supplied. The verdiot was given for tho plaintiff for the nmonnt— r9s. costs of oourt, 20s. for witnesses, ana »z zs. tor proiussionai coBts. air. Cnstio for plaintiff j Mr. Tozer for defendants. On Sunday afternoon two-inen, who apparently had pome to the determination to find out whioh was tbo hotter mnn, proceodod to tho vnoant ground near tho Looal Court to fight, ono of thorn stripping for the purpose. This disgraceful exhibition was soon put a stop to by tho police. Tholudiorous part of tho affair was the remarkable willingness oi tlio combatants to domst, for thoy evidently considered the appvonoh of the guardians of the ponce a vory woloome interruption of the fray. ..Thbuow ootnpany at the Varioties Thoatro played to a erowiled house on Saturday evoning last, when the well-known drama of the ' Colloon Bawn' was performed with a considerable degree of oredit and success. The heroine was fairly represented by Miss Creed Royal, whoso singing was espooially admired. Mr. Tom Fawcott, as Danny Mann, gave an intelli gent rendering of the character ; wo oonld have wished, however, to soo that part of tho play in whioh Danny Mann roooivos his muBtor's glove re presented with greater troth nnd effoot, for it is one of the chief points in tho pioce. Wo wore glad to observe that Mr. Sam Poolo suppressed in a. great measure his tendenoy to . high colouring aud oxng \- gernlion. His Miles na Coppaloon was a suocossful porformanoo, and only required a little more ntton tion to' the exquisite touches of pathos.and poetry whioh tho oliarnotor possesses to mako it oxeellent. The other parts were fuiriy sustained. This ovening, Balwer's play of ' Tho 'Lady of Lyons' will ho porformod. As this is the last occasion on whioh this favourite piece will bo presonted, nnd ns tho oust is likely to ensure . n highly effective ropYosoiitation, wo reoommoud the play-going public not to loso tho opportunity of enjoying a good evening's' entertain ment; the aceeptnnoo 01 iiiossrs. 'jonu and uo. s tender for tho conveyance of tho mails betwoon Brisbane siul Gympie has necessitated an alteration, in thoir arrangements. Consequently the ooachss will in fituro start from Gympio ou Tuesdays and Fater dnys at half-past 5 o'oloek a.m., and from Bri^bauo on Wednesdays aiid Sundnys'ai; 7 o'clock p.m. r 1 Our readers will remember the story of ' Count Attorn,' who passed himself off as a connection of tho Imperial family of Austria, and suoooeded in victimising, on a largo scale, tho crednlons mer chants of Sydney and Brisbane. The last informa tion we have of bim is contained in the following paragraph from the Gladstone Obsorvor : — Tho Hamlet's Ghost, with the spurious Count on board, put into Somerset (Cupe York), on nrnbouttha 16th August. On being boarded by the polioo boat, he made inquiries as to whether a frigato had arrived there, and on boing answered in tho affirmative uuut&iue.; ugiMtLuu turn juquirou auoUG UOr movements, but appeared rolioved when told that the vessel wob H.M.S. Virago, and that she had loft the settlement in January. Ho remained oight davs, and during the wholo time kept a bright look out for vossels in tho offing. Tlie captain and orew were ? discharged in consequenoe of a row betwoon the ;'? Count' and the captain, in whioh. rovolvors wero drawn. The orew rofusod to put tho captain in : irons. It appears that the C8unt had kept them in awo by gthreatening to givo them twenty-five lashes a.pieco when ho foil in with the AusLrian frigate lie was always oxpooting. Tho Acting Polioo Magistrate induoed tho cl-ew to re-ship under 'a -fresh agreement, all lint tho captain nnd steward, who remained behind. While in nnrt I the Conut was always drossod in tho uniform of nn Austrian oaptain of cavalry, and wore a sword whou on shore. Ho mado n great display of tho monoy lio had with him, and purposely left bills of oxohnngo lying about his cabin for visitors to soo, many of whioh were filled iu for largo amounts, and only wanted his signature. Ho succeeded in imposing npon tho authorities, talcing supplies for his vessol aud paying for them in bills, whioh tho holders will doubtless disoovor are about as valunblo as drafts upon Aldgato putnp. Among those 'ivho wore swin dled are two naturalists, ono named Thorpe. The Count bought some stuffed birds, Ac., from them, to tho atnottut of about £30, but somo slight oompuno tion must have touohed him, for oontrury to his cus tom bo paid them half cash and half by a bill. He sailed for Bntavia on tho eighth day, Ioaving lotters for the oaptain of tho Austrian frigate and his bank ers in Sydnqy ! Tho frigate was ordered to follow turn on to Timor. Tho captain ho has with him is one Austin, lato master of tlio brig Rolianco, whioh was wrooked on the Solomon Group, lie was picked up and brought into Bowon, whence ho shipped as mate 'on board the Hamlet's Ghost. Two days after slm loft Somersot, tho schoonor Captnin Cook arrived from Bowen with a warrant for tho urrest of the !' Count.' ? The ^ Warwick Examiner states that a shocking onse of sudden death ooourrod at Talgui Roof ou the 13th inst.,-10 a minor named Mackenzie. It appears tho man hqd sunk a shaft to a good depth, ^ind com plained on the day previous to his death of it con taining foul «n\ He was advised to sink another shaft ? mr. ventilation, whioh ho ,wns going to do. On Friday morning, however, ho wout dovm tho old shnft, and nppeared to bo in porfoot health, but had not boon tjioro long before I10 threw np his hand and tuR, down iu80Usibl(h Assistnnoo was at onoe got to bring hira to tbo surface, but it was found ho was dead. A magisterial inquiry whb held the sumo night, wheti evidence was adduced to show that doath must have resulted from suflboution. The deceased-had boen working at Tulgni for somo time, -and -he .-and: his mate wero tho only two who hnd stuck to those' diggings when tho rush lo Gymiiio ooourrod.1 ; . . '_ We learn from the Queensland Times that a stonm juTOituro' faotorjVon a small sculo, has bcoa ealub hshod at Ipsivioh. A-DitooklNO oRlaniily- 7 (snys -tlio- -NanibonveK~~'^fr^^ Ohroniolo), whioh, it is hoped, will have the olfuut of' Bj inducing an official massacre of all ownerless aud Egg unregistered dogs, bofel a lilllo girl only throe yoars* ? old, tho daughter of onr respected townsman, Mr. '??'?'fHH Soutliordon-, betwoon 7 nnd 8 o'oloolc tliis moriiingi t tt npponrs that she had slippod out into the j aid, and was playing with 11 dog belonging to tho family ' || whon a Btrntige black-dogj- dragging a pioco of - dlmin, As if it had recently brokon loose, suddenly 1 m attaokod tho child. Tho( brute soized I/.r by tin; -/'Ijsj; nliook, laoorating it iirnTonrTut mnnnor, lind tearing ' H . .. .» ? ? q . l - AxtfwM aI.z. .? i° ' . ?' JauISS nwriy a portion ui iiitorpbsitionAof tivo :nurso, tbe ?pdor Mlfllo thtn'rf osdapod with ber'lifo,' .which: wnH .very ebriously 011. , ?; daigcrod ' by tho suvnge attack of tho animal, and , Dr1. Brown being sent, for./lho.w.omid 'was dressed and .sti tolled . up, .and. nppoavs to. bo already healing , rk favjouriihly. J Itappily, nouorious affoota to, the child's iiealih (ire ? apprehended, .thongli a- oertaie degree-,, of !purmaneht disfigurement .mnBt,, Wo fear, be ex- ? ' pobt'od.; jfdogsv.'of/orooiousiaiid nnoortaiiv tomper;, -} must. .he kept ; at:.all,;;tlio, ^utmost, precaution Bliould , , ;? bo1tiikon'*tq-,kebpithaiii ;fi,pin,' doing -taiauhief ,t» de- ... V foho' loss iiiemhors of tho oonilnurrily. /lyMpjiof till b rpottor we .uiay^moiition'.that, in the begiiiiiig of }. tho weolc, two calves yvoro run down uud killed h^ ,A ?? (logs within tlio municipality.. ' In tho.S. -it. Herald, ot tlio 18th ipstaut, there are . advert isemonts of two roseola .beirig lai-fbn-for.PoH: Nnlai. The. agents of- one ship, tho. Armia'iwi, oiler , ' :3 steerage, paosiiges for., £18, . but oonulude I lie nilror.'vi'yK.';^ tisprhoiit with tlio following anggoetivo.aiatomuus 1' Unless. tho oninploinont uf pasreiigcrs required for tliis vessel solid in thoir nemos this morning, she 'Will ho tnkuh off tho borth, ntitl duposi;;s returned in full.'_.,The Natal iierev.ru .giv.os the following infer.- -(?& mhl Jon ,jbf tlio iio.w goldlield , whioh pppears.to havo Jib , ' torod through sovor'a) son rocs, and, afior nil, describes v '?« 1 only what oqii be seen withont crossing tho ocean:— ? 1' ljiis ;]oiigloidcod-for,,nows,ronohod us in a loitor froihlonr.Potoliofstrobm .oorrospondont, -dm ail Juan . . - ' 22\. It oppdars . that on the, iStb, of Juno, Mr. Oi Solomon, a trader from Sochcli's town, which in on tlio road from tho Capo colony to Bnmnngwato, the residonoo oi tho rnling cliiuf, Muijun, brought u, letter from MiVH, Taylo'i*, of tlio former placo, and dated tbo Cth Juno, ' yvhicli planes tho scocoss of tho diggoro 'beyond all. 'doubt.' 'Tlio substauou oftMi oqinmnnioation was to tlio effoot that early iu May sixty to soroiily men ivoro- suecossfiilly at work ;? on the qnn'rtz reof disoovored by, iMiluoh ori the north bank of tlio Tatin. 'Sti rich were, tho deposits of gold on this roof that the diggers ooiifiuod thoir attention to it, and wore Iiatninoring and blasting piocos of quartz, .remarkably, rich, in the pruoiuus ' motal, which is reputed lo lip prosenl in ' its meat pure and unalioyedYorm,' \Tho Veins are sometimes more than' tin inrih broad; and homo of tlio small ' flat piooee of qnarlz' whioh; at proseut reward tho diggors' toil oontnin. nt a rbugh.vnluatiori, from £1 to £3 worth of gold ' Very disoonragihg accounts cbntinuo to ' be ro- / ceived from tho Marnnoa and VVnrrcgo. A rosidont ; 4 of tho formor district writus to tbo . Queensland Times ?, — ' I am sorry to say that I am winding up all my'affuirs hore, prcpurut'ury t(? ioaving' the din tnot. TliOi.uign rate .of: wages, together within Greased rent nnd low prion of wool, has ruined nil tho squattoi'B in this noighbourhood. No less than six of my iminodiat'o neighbours - have' beon foro olosed on within tlio last fow months ; and unloss a groat alteration iu tho prieoiof stock, &o.;, ooou rs, I foar that every shoop station in tho district will bo- '? oomo tho proporty of tho banks. Tho seasons, loo, havo beou against ns, as well as tlio wages. A vorv large nntnber of shoop are noiv travelling down thu Warrogo from-the NivoVVVurd, Angollallii, Mungali ln.lla, nnd Yo Yo. Thorb is, I hoar, nlmndnnco of ?' grass and water on tho .Loivor Warrogo and I'aroo but unless: rain oomeB soon ovory station north of Oharlevillo will be nbandonod.' According to tho Dr D. Gazette, harvest operations ' nro now in full bwiug^ 'in the neighbourhood of Too woomba. Roforrihg to a crop of whom, grown by Mr. Goorge Hooper (brothor of Air. Hnrry Uoopor of tho KnterpriSe mnoliino), our oontempornry quoa tions vory muoh whether either of tlio sisi or colonies could show bottor. The reapers wore nlso luisy in tho paddocks of Mr., J. Taylor, M.L.A., who has about for.y acres under wheat j and very favourable nooouhts 'of tho oi'op iu tho Ilighllolda district havo been received-. 