LEAVES FROM OUR NOTE-BOOK. The Melbourne Age has a slashing article upon the candidates at the late election, and is specially severe upon "recreant Ministerialists" —that is members who went over from the Ministerial to the Constitutional side. Most of them were defeated at the recent elections, and the Age puts the lot in the pillory. Mr. Nathaniel Levi "has one quality—he was the most detestable man in the House—hated more by his own party than by his opponents." Dr. Heath is "a priggish individual, who went into the House under false pretences, and having disappeared is not worth discussing." Mr. Halfey and Mr. Evans "were useless as politicians, and as mere voting machines were unreliable"—and so on through the list. The Melbourne Economist cuts up the Argot most unmercifully, remarking that it "has been suddenly arrested in its career, and suffers from premature decay;" that "it is only the ghost of its former self, and no longer receives, and no longer deserves, the confidence of the people." The Ecotiomist -writes from the pro tectionist point of view, and denounces the free trade policy of the Argus as "intensely stupid." The total number of electors on the rolls for the Legislative Assembly of Victoria is 116,164. The total number of members of the Assembly is 78. Of these 7 were returned unopposed, the remaining 71 being returned by 61,616 voters, j The Ministry polled 33,728 votes, and gained | thereby 54 seats; the Constitutional party polled 28,888 votes, and only secured thereby 17 seats. The strength of the Government in Par- j liament is therefore vastly greater than their strength in the country. This astonishing result has revived the demand for a " representation of minorities." The Victorian Customs returns for 1867, show that whilst £10,052 worth of flour was imported j during the year, £75,849 worth was exported; wheat being imported to the value of £65,941, and exported to the value of £31,836 ; so that, adding wheat and flour together, the balance 1 was slightly in favor of exports. This it, if ac curate, an extraordinary development of the agricultural interest across the borders. During 1867, live stock to the value of £565,216. was imported into Victoria from New South Wales. The value of horned cattle was £361,874; of horses, £33,762; and of sheep, £159,418. Referring to the frequent cases of spontaneous combustion of wool, a-writer in thn Australa titm says, that nothing is more common than for lucifer matches to be dropped by shearers when at work, the matches thus getting pressed in the bales. He recommends that no matches, except safety matches, be ever allowed on sheep stations at shearing time. A Commission appointed to consider "the best means of preserving the forests of Vic toria, report to the effect that there are, in that colony, 5,000. square miles covered with white gums, 3,000 of red gums, 30,000 of stringy bark, 14,000 of peppermint and small varieties of eucalypti, 14,000 of mallee scrub, &c; Tet the Board report that owing to the reckless wastefulness to which these forests are exposed, special legislation is necessary to preserve them from eventual disappearance. The Sydney Empire contains frequent re ferences to the depressed condition, of the colony of New South Wales. Paupers are said to swarm in every large township, and hordes of predatory beggars are traversing the country in all directions. Thefrew South Wales Government have re moved two Magistrates, named Charles and Emery, from the Commission of the Peace. Their fault was persistent obsfaructiveness to the Municipal Corporation of Kin-m*. The Paramatta and Tarban Creek (New South Wales) Lunatic Asylums contain 1,200 lunatics, who coat the State £28,000 a-year. The Mayor of Bowen, Queensland, is being prosecuted for misusing certain moneys sent him when he was in business some time ago. Our old acquaintances the G'assblowers and the Gourlays arc drawing crowded houses in Launceston. Many South Sea Islander* have been imported as laborers in Queensland. They engage to serve their employers for a fixed term, and are paid at rates varying from 12s. to £1 per month, with rations. California is at present devoting very groat at tention to wine-making, extraordinary care being taken in the selection of the best varieties of the vine, end in the adoption of the most improved methods of wine-making. The vintage of 1866 was 2,000,000 gallons. Ekteaordikaby Escape fboh Pbisos.—"A very remarkable escape from the lockup at tached to the Mansfield Court-House wag effected," relates the Mantfidd Courier, "on Sunday morning, by a. man known as Jim Clarice, a shareholder in a reef at Maindample. He was arrested abont miduight on Saturday on a charge of drunkenness, and was securely locked up alone in the celL On Sunday morn ing a small hole -was noticed under the door and on the cell being opened it was discovered that the bird had flown. The amount of labor he most have accomplished in effecting his es> cape must astonish anyone who visits the scene. The floor is composed of solid sawn blocks of wood, weighing from 30 to SO pounds, closely j fitted together, and rammed hard into the clay. It was impossible that any one could get more than the tips of bis fingers between any of the blocks, and yet the prisoner must have lifted one of the heaviest in this manner in order to accomplish bis purpose. Having got one block out, the rest was comparatively easy. With the bone of a mutton chop he dieltxlged half a dozen other squares, and dajr out a quantity of earth. The block under the •ill was a very narrow one, nailed above, and secured on each side by two immovable bed logs. He contrived to remove this one also and then with his mutton bone dug a email hole outside the door up to the surface. The opening was only ten inches wide, and in getting through, this orifice he must have bent himself nearly double, but he did it, and cot dear away. Constables Balfour and Hoban were soon on his track, and captured him, with eoirn difficulty, at Maindample. He alleged as his motive lor escaping that he wanted a drink." 