? ? : — - — rr~- ? ? ? ? I THE UPPER HOUSE .ELECTIONS. The elections for ; the Upper House that have taken place are eminent y suggestive. That particular form./ - )f - political creed -which rejoices in the name ?'of Cbnstitutibnalisni has hitherto hadiis stronghold in the Upper, House, and, :.t- has heen cdnsequentlv assumed; is the -ptev'aiiing faith of .' the . electors of that, ,b:octy.', ! /???^here',Bhbuld:welqlokior[^e,!in-'; diyiduals; who constitute the 'party wMch' claims for itself ^he1; monopoly of ; 'wealth'; and; mtelKgfeA'c^T ^ ^ by virtue. of their wealth enjoy the priv .-' lege of- electing the, memhers.^bfi- the^; Legislative Gounoil ? ! There ?. have ;br§e 11^ some ' audacious , ipersons who: ;dbubte d whether1, the Upper 'House electors wei e really all supporters of : the Oonstiti .- tionalists and of the pretensions ^ofiliE t;! body'tci.co-brdinate; powers -yith!;;j:tl]e( Lower House, ??and-those persons ;ha-vei ventured t'oiassert. that if there! had beejn a ^solution of the Council, arid , the member 9 had been sent; to -their coi-. ;Stituents'at the same time as ithbseof, the' Assembly; the result yould have dispelled this fondly' cherished illusion, and would have .shown that the Council,; in tie recent pbKtieal struggle, did not repre sent its - constituents.- .Howeveiy those who have' abandoned , this opinion have' T)een'regarded 'as mere enthusiasts, and the general opinion , has been acceptejd that uncler any 'cixc'umetances , , the ; large majority1 of Jthe ' ^'electors ;r of the; Upper House are: strong supporters' 6f ; the pretensions pf, that .body1, and belpn^; 'to1 the.'.ConWtutipnal; party. Recent events' would, 'however,' appear to shojv fWAr *he prevalent, impression is not th|e ^ ? * -e, aiad that those who opposed correct ou. ? ^^ ^ ^^ thm . xt we're «««*... is certainly reason 4 supposed; There rous^Js SSty^Sua^-tendor^ by ! 'the ? electors of that body, _ *? these 'holders; of property by no;i^ , dubbed itself the party representing wealth as well as intelligence. There have recently been two elections ?- ;. 'J ' ... ? ? ' ' for the South Province. The first was contested % ..Messrs Win. A'Beoket.t, N. Levi, and J. HALFisy. The first stood in the interest of the Liberal party, the second as, a representative of the Con stitutional party,' and the third as a sort of ; neutral. . r ; The candidate having ap parently -the,. best claim was' undoubtedly Mr Levi, who had a Parliamentary re putation, such as it is, and who certainly was the consistent supporter of theCon stitutional party. 'Mr a'Beckett labored under pecuUar disqualifications. V He had signalised himselfJjby his opposition to Mr ' M'CniiLOOH at /Mornington at the general /.election^ and .only : seVen or eight months . afterwards he appeared as the ' candidate- of the , very party he then opposed; ; Clearly; there was every probability that he would be left in the lurch.. The Constitutionalists ? would regard 'him as a renegade and the Liberals could hardly have sufli cient confidence in him. Mr HaiiFEY was a cxuasi-Liberal, arid was certain to inter fere with Mr a'Beokett in some .measure. Mr'IiBvi's party had no reason to ; dis trust him, and the Liberal party had no reason to trust Mr a?Beoke'tt. . Under ithe circumstances, the, chances of' the laitter with Mr Ha^fey ta.the fieldo,t0 se cure the votes of Liberals, whadoubted the sincerity of the recent; conyersibn of MrA'BEdkEOPT, appeared very doubtful, to say the least of ' it. And yet he was suc cessful, beating :his opponent by ^con siderable majorityj a man whoiJ outside of mere party considerations,, had superior claims in the, way p£ public experience and acquaintance with public questions. Clearly, the electors bf the South; Province had not endorsed all'the extravagant pre tensions advanced by the Council in their struggle with the Assembly, and by no means identified' themselves with that political party of which Mr N; Lev* has be.eri^'andis-^unless he has seen the error of I his ways— a;/ prominent supporter. The reoent election for the same pro vine?, .caused -by, tiie teria :ef Mr BeAr's membership haying expireS, is scarcely a less remarkable^ illustration of this. ? Mr Bear, as 'an'bid' membejr of' |he CquhcU who. had made himself somewhat remark able— we- shall not say notorious-r-for the manner inrwhioh he assertedthe rights ;ii and the- pretensions of that body— ;had every clauii to .the . recognition and the support of , the electors— thsfe : is - if -they sympathised 'with his views. C;But\vhat ha's: been iae f act t Mr Beak's gallant; stand'f 0^ the Council's claims has not 'beenr recognised -in the. way he. no , doubt expected. 0 .1 Tjifee is nothing like gratitude among ejectp^. ;'Whyi he of all the Council ^ who j boldly - proclaimed ;that fifty elections would not charge liis.yiews should ;have been ? carried hi afeYain i» \ triumph. And yet he only wonMa'©1^- ' -' tion.tpuse a vulgar phrase, 'by'thetskin of his teeth,'! and7 an; opponent wholly ,Uv*i knownto fame, Mr Harbison, ; of-. Brigla-, ton, came very; nearly, turning him out,,'' We ,can state positively that 'had Mr.H&a.-; . bison been better .known to the elector® hi,s election would have been a certainty Mr Bear's drawback; was precisely the re verse_iie was too well known to the elector^i;' Mr iBE^^y consider himself hardly used, but : we think the electors have shown him l a.i consideration:, he did ;,not : mer^t..,-; ,,W:e,, .ti;ust, .smce.,, he haa ; fdaiiaged '?:toI^secu^Q:,; re- election, :that, then lesson will not be lost on him,: -and that. ,he will ? remember that , even1 ' ; members of the Upper, House,with;a ten years'' tenure of office, owe '?' some, responsibiliiyto; .the .public.1' i1,-.,', ','.'/).,:. T:';vv-'! ' '.' ??'-,. -i'-' V f ?????-n -? The re-election, of Mr T. T: A'Beokett for the ?Central ' Province,; and 'Of Mr Jenner for the South- Western Province, both witho'ut opposition, may be regarded as a, proof that the party which has en deavored to .bolster up the extravagant pretensions of. the, Gounoil is not strong ?? ?enough boldly; to1' enter ' the field; and . assert its principles by contesthig thpielec 'tibn of two ^uph prominent members of ihe Liberal party, in the House. Messrs ,T. T. a'Beokett aid -Jenner have 'talcen a very decided stand in the Council, againBt the claims that have been made to inter fere with money bills, and- it isia.cbn f essidn of -weakness' to allow them; to' be . returned unopposed. : The Liberal mem bers of the Cbu'noil find re-eleation easy, whereas the bb^tru6j;ives, the despjsera of publio :opinion, and ; the champibnsiof a elapses 'against the whole' people; find themselves confronted by determined opposition, and opposition whioh, has every likelihood of being successful. Mr B. Williams, who -retires in the Eastern Province, and. who presents himself for re- election, is opposed by Mr Welshman, a gentleman unknown to public life, but notth\e less likely for that reason to|ron dar a good account of his: opponent! Mr Wjblw^s &*& M$fi ?ln® -?i ^9^BWntly jinobtrus^ye1 members' who think that a silent voto is the soundest exercise of discretion. He, and with Mm we may '' class Dr. Wilkie, who now, seeks re election for the South- Western Province and who is opposed by Mr F. ;Robertson 'has been one of that stolid phalanx in the. Council which has stood in the way of liberal legislation. . It is well for those men now to come before the electors and issue addresses intended to mislead, and to prate of their liberal views .upon' the land ques- tion. These men have been tried and' found wanting, and goodness knows the trial has been a lengthy enough one. , Itj as no use accusing such men as Dr. WILKIE ' and Mr Williams of having committed any positive offence, or of being able to conn mit any, against the best interests of the country. They are only negatively bad,' but it is such members as they who,' having no individuality or force of char- acter, and instinctively conforming to the fashionable politics of what they consider the upper class, to which they affect to belong, enable the active enemies of liberal legislation to become powerful for mischief. Better more active oppo- nents than such chips in porridge as these. They belong to that class of public men referred to recently in an Eng- lish journal as having really become de- funct, and who simply cumber the ground. If they do not realise this truth, the electors who do - must insist' upon : their retiring1 from' the- arena of '-active public life; 'where'1 they moW 'about like' ghosts, but unfortunately are not' quite so harmless. An infliction of Wilkie and Williams for ten years more would be a ten years attack of night mare. 