PEACE OR WAR. ThoSaturdayReview thinkstliat Lord Stanley's interview with M. de Mousticr can scarcely be taken to be an event of European importance. Her Majesty's Cabinet are familiar with the state and the suspense of the Continent, and it is to be feared that Lord Stanley is not able to do much to remove it. The dissatisfaction with which Great Britain witnesses the outbreak of a European conflict is a topic on which the Foreign-office is always eloquent. Lord Stanley cannot say more on the subject of the wickedness of war than half a dozen of his predecessors have often said, and his conversation with the French Minister was doubtless of the stereotyped form. If M. de Moustier had, in return, been able to tell Lord Stanley what was going to happen this autumn or next spring, he would have been a wiser man than his imperial master. Nobody knows this, not even the Emperor himself. Napoleon III. has made a science of the habit of irresolution, and defies all prediction. To-day the marshals of the French army may be brightening up their sabres ; to-morrow Baron Beust may say something at Vienna, and the Imperial Cabinet in Paris will be again a focus of perplexity and hesitation. Europe is being paralyzed and menaced by an Imperial Hamlet. It is no doubt his destiny to avenge his father's ghost, only he never can summon up resolution to strike the blow and enterprises of great moment are thus always on the eve of being undertaken. The intercourse between the English and French Foreign Ministers must, therefore, have been of an unsubstantial kind for it is not easy for the most practised student of human nature to penetrate the secret designs of the irresolute. Unfortunately for the happiness of Europe, Great Britain, whatever her pacific predilections, has not the moral or political influence on the Continent requisite to ensure peace. A non-combatant on the eve of battle becomes a personage of minor consequence, ,iMid there is no immediate prospect of England's being drawn into the vortex of continental hostilities. At the present moment Lord Stanley's visit to M. de Mousticr will exercise about the same influence on the events of the future that belongs to the afternoon visit of the Empress Eugenie to Queen Victoria. The Spectator can see no new reason outside Paris to apprehend precipitate or immediate action. The Emperor, unless pressed beyond endurance, will not fight without a reason, and there is no reason as yet forthcoming. That Hohenzollerns intend to be Emperors of Germany, to rule the South as well as the North, to reckon all men who speak Ger vase" among their subjects, there is no more doubt than that they value the " annexations " above all the other results of the recent war ; but nothing has occurred to make the aggregation of all Germany easier than it was six or twelve months ago on the contrary, it is, if anything, a shade more difficult, for the South has recovered at once from its panic and its enthusiasm, and is inclined to avoid the Prussian system of scientific control as long as it safely can. The provocation will hardly be given from the Prussian side till Berlin is ready to make some very great coup indeed, and there is no sign that Berlin is any readier than she was last year, when her armies were within twenty-four hours of mobilization. The signal may indeed come from Paris, but Napoleon hungers to-day as he did yesterday for alliances before he assays so terrible a feat as the dismemberment of Germany, and he has gained no new ally. Italy cannot be secured except at a price he will not pay-the freedom of Rome. Austria, though no doubt savage at her exclusion from Germany, is fettered by her financial operations still incomplete, as well as by the vivid wrath with which Hungarians and Bohemians have already received the news of a ra»/>i'oc/ic»acnt towards Germany. Russian fidelity to Prussia is not shaken, and as for England, Lord Stanley thinks peace worth almost any number of deceptive promises to fight for the neutrality of places we can by no possibility defend. Much is made in some con- tinental prints of negociations said to have been commenced for including France, Belgium, and Holland in one great Customs Union ; but, after all, that must be a more suggestion, for Federalism is no idea of the French mind, either Belgium or Holland can wish to surrender the free control of their own taxation, and ultimately of their own independence, and England is not the Power France or its Emperor would select for internecine war. We should light for the neutrality of Antwerp. There is in truth nothing which suggests immediate danger except the internal condition of France. France is, no doubt, armed to the teeth, but then an armed man is not the one who most willingly provokes a premature contest; and Paris, no doubt, is discontented, but then Napoleon has not hitherto displayed any exaggerated dread of Paris. 