MONSIEUR ROUSSETS GHOST. a fragment of an uxrrnusiifr) tiomancf. " YoU laiigli nt pilosis," said M. Guipno, gravely ; " anil you laugh tho louder because I don't laugh at all. My good friends, I wns once like vou, incredulous and sceptical ; but an ad- venture which happened to mo in my youth made so strong an impressian on my mind that it pains me whenever I hear people treating so serious a su'-ject lightly." Til. Guipn was at first unwilling to enter into any further exn'.mation, hut after a con- siderable am not. ,,f entreaty, he edifnd us with ' the following narrative : — " It was in thn year 1730 ;I was then twenty years of age, and a tolerably good-looking young fi liow, although t here are but slight remains of it now. I had not at that time a hald head, a hig nose, small watery eyes, and shrunken cheeks. I had a fresh colour, a quick eye, a small waist, and an admirable leg, as you may still perceive; u short, I was a handsome lad, not in the least. timid, accustomed to fall in with the stylo of manners of the people that happened to fall in my v.v.y. T made madrigals with handsome ladies, swore with soldiers, and reasoned as well as I c ill -1 with philosophers. Indeed, I was a general favourite : and my combined profession of actor and author was a passport both to good and to had society, " I was traveiiiug to Lyons by the diligence, to join the provinc'al company to which I be- longed. It was the rhse of autumn ; the weather cold and fro.stv. My companion in the coach was a certain Huron do Guernay, who had come till; way on I utincss matters, and was returning to sleep at hi; own e.hateau close by. Ho was a great talker, a great questioner, and a great ama teur of verses and romances. My conversation pleased him ; and he was no sooner informed of my profession than he expressed a wish not to part with me immediately. Me wns one of those d/liitunti who have always in their pocket some little dramatic attempt or other, which they hope | you wii! pronounce to be. admirable. They will j then make you a present of it, in order to see it I performed without having to unloose their purse 1 sitings. T was not to be caught so easily ; but I accepted his oiler to pass the night at. his j house. It promised a better supper than I should find at the inn where the diligence stopped, and vhero 1 should he compelled to remain twelve or f;f'een hours before I could start again. " We. therefore drew up at the end of the avenue which led from the high-road to the cha teau. A couple of servant? in half livery were 1 w.i'M-ig to e.irry monsiutr's portfolio and cane. They took my trunk, and wo walked towards what real'v looked a handsome old building when I gilded by the rays of the setting. sun. " ' Pciibhu /' said t ho Baron, as we proceeded up the avenue, ' the Barronc will be con siderably astonished to see me arrive in company with a stranger.' " 'And perhaps even more annoyed than sur- j prised,' I added, ' when she knows the stranger is a comedian.' " ' N i,' he answered ; ' my wife is not preju diced. She is a person of .talent, as you will see. She i3 tine Parisienne — a little too much so, for she cannot hear the country. Site has only been hero three days, and she declares I want to bury her alive. She will be delighted to Lave an agreeable guest to supper. And if you are pot too fatigued to give us a few short reci tations afterwards, or to read my little piece, as I have no doubt you will read it, admirably, I em certain ' " Seeing that I should have to pay my scot, I yielded with the best grace possible, and pro mised the Baron to read and recite whatever he chose to ask mo to. " ' You are an obliging fellow,' he exclaimed ; ' and I already so pleased with you that I am contriving how to make you miss the coach to morrow, and keep you bora eight and forty hours.' " ' Assuredly,' I sail, 'the offer would be very tempting, if ' " ' No its,' lie interrupted, ' You will find the chateau a pleasant residence, and in quite as good order as if it had always been inhabited ; in spite of which I have not been thero for the last three years, except in passing. During all the time wo have been married, Madame la . Baronne has never once deigned to conic and see whether the place is a mansion or a pigeon- house ; I had the greatest difficulty to persuade her to spend a month here now — for it will take me a good month to instal my steward, and make him acquainted with the affairs of the estate. Now, you understand, my dear — but, your name. ?' " ' Rosidor, monsieur,' I answered. That was the theatrical title I then assumed. "'Yes, yes, Rosidor,' ho continued. 'You told me so before, and I beg your pardon. Well, you'uiulorstaud, my dear Rosidor, that it is im passible that I should leave a young wife like mine for a whole month all alone in Paris, espe cially as she has lately lost her aunt, who used to act as her chaperon.' " ' You would not have mo suppose,' I answered, with a smile, ' that you have the Gothic misfortune of being jealous ?' "'Jealou3, no; only .prudent. One ought always to keep one's eyes a little open ; none but idiots aro utterly blind.' " Monsieur 1c Baron sometimes talked like a sensiblo man ; but he did not always act with equal discretion. So true is it that saying is ono thing and doing another. " He preceded me a few miuutes into the house, in order to announce my arrival to his wife. On learning that a gentleman was coraming to supper, she rang for her maid to smarten up her dress ; and then, when she was told the guest was an actor, she sent her away, thinking that n actor was no more of a gentleman than a husband was ; and finally, when I wns introduced, ! and she saw my youthful countenance, it occurred to her that, after all, I might he a bit of a gentle man, so sho left the room for just a moment. When she returned, I observed that she had an additional sprinkling of powder, and wore ono or two ribbons more. " The Baronne de Guornny wa9 piquant rather -than pretty, and coquettish rather than intel lectual ; but nt twenty one does not criticise severely. . I thought her charming, and was not long in making her comprehend that I thought so. She, on her part, gave mo to understand that she was not offended at my opinion, but that she only considered me in the light of an artist — nt least not till the, close of the. supper. " There then took placo between her and her husband one of those domestic altercations which would never have occurred in the presence of a stranger of higher rank than myself ; but which convinced me, in spite of my vanity, that I was looked upon as a person of no consequence. So I resolved to make myself a little more important, nt least in'tlio eyes of the Baronne. I was quito riinple enough to believe that a flirtation with a woman of quality could possibly change the state of the question. However, I took little interest in the subject of their quarrel. Only, I ought to direct your attention to one particular, which is the turning point of my narrative. " The discussion between the husband and wife wa9 about two stewards, one of whom had died before mndame's arrival, while the other, who was to tnko the place of tho defunct, seemed in no hurry to present himself. As raadaino was already tired of thn country and wished she could leave monsieur there by himself, she declared that the lata steward, Monsieur Rousset, had been a fool to die just at the time when the fashionable world repairs to Paris. She declared the new steward, M. Butsson, to bo another loot to keep them waiting ; and she gave M. le Baron to understand that she thought him focd the third, for having hurried himself and hurried her to meet a man of business whose duty it was to wuit instead of keeping them waiting. " ' In the first place, my dear," tire Baron said in excuse, ' poor Rousset put off dying as long as ho could. lie was eighty-two. lie maintained my affairs anil my house in admirable order during tho thirty or forty years ho managed the property, lie was a valuable man, and I cannot help regretting him. You see how well he has kept the house, and in what excellent condition everything is left. " ' That makes no difference to me; I did not know him, and cannot share your regret. More over, Baron, you exaggerate the state of the case. My maid, who has talked with the servants here, telh me the old man was a perfect miser, and had been childish, too, for some time past.' "' His faculties might bo a little affected by age, but there is no evidence of it in my affairs. A3 to his economical habits I do not see bow I can complain of them since they all turned out to my advantage.' " ' We will say no more about Rousset ; be is dead ; but I will bear of 110 excuse for your Buisson, who is alive. I know no more of one than I do of the other ; but. I am very angry with him for his impertinence in not being here. Nobody but yourself would engage with people who seem as if they wanted you to go down 011 your knee3 and beg them to come and live with you. A pretty sort of steward, to kepp you shilly-shallying here, unable to begin anything, and consequently to finish anything. In short, my dear, I tell you plainly that if your Buisson is not here to-morrow I shall take myself off and leave you to remain or to follow, as you please.' " ' Have a little patience, my darling, or you will drive me mad ! Buisson will be hero to morrow morning, perhaps this very evening. Good heavens ! A man of business is not a foot man ; and till he has entered upon his functions I have no right to order him about.' " ' You ought to have told him either to accept the situation or decline it.' " ' I took care to do nothing of the kind, lie is much too highly recommended for that. Why, he is as valuable in his way as poor Bnusset was.' " ' If I10 is not, like him, insane ; for I begin to believe you have made a vow to chooso your stewards out of a lunatic asylum.' " The Baron shrugged his shoulders im patiently, and as he roso from table said to a servant, 'Pierre, tell the portsr of the lodgo not to go to bed till midnight. M. Buisson travels on horsehi.ck, and may perhaps arrive late.' " ' I will attend to it, Monsieur le Baron,' Pierre replied. 'The late Monsieur Rousset's suite of rooms is ready prepared to receive M. Buisson.' "Thereupon we went to the saloon, and Buisson and Rousset were alike forgotton. Madame was so good as to remember that I was present, and requested me. to recite some verses. I offered to read the Baron's dramatic essay, but madnme said site had heard it half-a-dozen times, and that she preferred something from Corneille or Racine. To punish liqs for these little airs I obstinately sided with the Baron. Wo were obliged to come to a compromise. It was agreed that I should read the Baron's choicest passages — and choice they were ! After which I was free to select for myself. " I had remarked that tho Baron was ex tremely fatigued, and that it was as much as the affection lie bore his own work could do to keep him awake to the end of it. I succeeded in making him nod by reciting in a monotonous tone tho heavy tirades of our older authors. Madame was guping : sho thought mo cold. My mode of delivery, and ray choice of passages, made her suspect mo to be neither a good actor nor a man of taste. She then began teazing her husband for bring so sleepy. lie did uoc take her jokes good naturcdly, but went to bed, leaving us with a sort of humble companion, who was sewing at the further end of the room, and who very soon made her disappearance. Whether, she also felt drowsy at the sound of my voice, or whethc-r sho had received from one party tho order to remain with madame, and from the other not to remain as soon as monsieur had turned bis back, I have never been able to make up my mind. " ' At last I was alone with the little Baronne, and she seemed to consent to tho position only for want ol better amusement. I instantly adopted a complete alteration of countenance, attitude, voice, and subject. From tho dullness of a heavy provincial player I changed to the actor — whom you know — which I had already become in reality. I cast aside Agamemnon and Augustus and went heart and soul into scenes of youth and passien. " I then inquired whether she understood Italian, and at her request improvised a sceno in that language. My fair young hostess was already moved; her -blue eyes sparkled and her hand was hot. When she asked how it was that, in those Italian sketches, the dialogue came so readily, I answered that that depended more on : the actors who gave the cue than on the subject of the pioeo itself, and that certain persons rendered us eloquent by their looks and the in spiration which they communicated. " ' For instance,' I said, ' in a love scene, you may liavo to express the sentiment which the lady who is acting with you really inspires. Such occasions often occur ; aud I am certain there are scenes in which I should be sublime, if I only bad before my eyes an object equally at tractive with the imaginary being who is the ob ject of my dramatic address.' " ' I should much like to seo and hoar you,' she said, scarcely daring to express the wish, 'in ono of theso moments of inspiration.' " ' It only depends upon yourself, madame.' " 'TIow so ? ' she a3kcd, with artistical inno cence. " ' It will he necessary for you to lend your self for a moment to a theatrical hypothesis. Thus : I am Valere, in love with Celianthe. I complain of her cruelty in a monologue. Deign to pay attention, and I will make an attempt. I shall probably be a little cold and awkward at first ; but you will have the goodness to rise and stand behind me, as if you were discovering the secret of my passion. I shall see you in the glass, and you looks will encourage me. In my part, however, I am supposed not to see you, and I shall have so little hope that I Bball draw my sword to kill myself. You will snatch it from me, with the werda " I love you ! " ' " ' Really, shall I have to say that ? ' " ' Yes, madame, and it is not difficult to ro- member. But you must bo so good as to say it with sufficient earnestness to produce upon mc a certain amount of illusion. Then I shall throw myself at your fec-t and express my gratitude. I am sure I shall find tho most passionate expres sions, and that my acting will approach so near to nature that you yourself will he dec-ived by it.' " ' Really ! I am curious to witness that : and I will try and perform my part in tho dialogue. Let us begin at once; I am standing behind you ami looking at you ' " ' Oh ! madame, not in that cold way ! You must act more earnestly ; you must throw a little warmth into your pantomime ! ' " ' But not till after you have spoken. I can not know that you are in love with me until you have told me so.' " ' 0 Julia ! ' I exclaimed — I had heard the Baron call her by that name, which tuns hers in reality. And thereupon I spouted a long rigmarole for several minutes. At last I pretended to stall myself, and my princess hindered me with the cry ' I love you ! ' pronounced with u great deal more fire than I expected. I complained, never theless, of tho coldness of her tone, and made her begin again several times — when I perceived that tho interest of our little drama had prevent ed our observing that wo were no longer alone ! " With a sudden effort I immediately assumed a calm and indifferent expression of countenance. I'lio Baronne, turning round to ascertain the cause, uttered a scream of terror at the sight. We were thunderstruck on observing that the intruder was neither her husband, nor her duenna, nor any other person belonging to tho house by whom wo might expect to be interrupted, but a perfect stranger to tho lady as well as to myself. " It was a little old man, very yellow and shrunken, neat in his appearance, though rather threadbare. lie wore an olive- green coat and waistcoat, edged with tarnished silver lace, speckled stockings, a very old-fashioned peruke, spectacles, and tall ebony walking- stick, with a top resembling' a negro's head surmounted by a large cornelian carved into the shape of a turban. An ugly black cur dog stood between his legs — for he had already sat down in tho chimney corner — and he appeared so busied in warming himself as to have paid 110 attention to the private theatricals which he must have witnessed. " Tho Baronne recovered herself sooner than I did, and, addressing him with a mixture of em barrassment and hauteur, asked him who ho was and what he wanted. But he seemed as if lie did not hear her. IIo was either deaf or pi€- tended to be so, and began talking to himself as if going on with a conversation already commenced. "'Yes, yes,' ho said, in a short, dry, and feeble voice ; ' it is cold, cold, very cold to- night;' ('1 ho hands of tho clock pointed to 12.) ' It will freeze ; it freezes now ; I am frozen myself. The ground is so hard I could scarcely stir ' it ; and the moon is bright, very bright, too bright..' "'What have we here?' said the Baronne, turning to me in astonishment. ' A deaf per son or a madman? flow did lie contrive to enter ?' " I was as much surprised as she was. I questioned the little old mania turn, but he made no more reply to me than to her. " If you want to know about M, lo Baron's affairs,' lie went on, ' they are in order, in good order, in first-rate order. M. le Baron will be satisfied. The only thing which can possibly give trouble is the lawsuit with the prior of St. Benedict's ; but in my hands it is nothing, a more nothing, nothing at all.' " ' Ah, I have it !' said tho Baronne. ' It is the new steward, M. Buisson. Ho lias arrived at last, which is fortuuate ; but lie is as deaf as a post. Isn't he deaf?' " ' Monsieur,' I said, raising my voice, ' don't you hear that Madame le Baronne asks you . whether you had a pleasant journey ?' " The stranger never answered a word, but began caressing his ugly dog. " What a horrible creature !' said the lady ; ' he will bo a pleasant addition to our family circle. How stupid of the Barou to engage such a creature !' ' I must acknowledge,' I answered, ' that this seems a strange person to take for a steward. I don't know how the Baron is to talk to him about business. He would not hear a gun fired off at his ear.' " ' And he cannot bo less than a hundred years old ! I suppose my husband fancied the last was too young. Those are the ideas he takes into his head, and which would occur to | nobody else but himself. Let u3 try, how ever, and send him off to bed. Monsieur ! Monsieur Buisson !' " Tho Baronne shouted with all her might ; in vain. When she found the old man did not take the slightest notice of her, elm treated the matter as a joke, and burst into a laugh. I tried to do the same, but could not manage it. The cursed old fellow had spoilt my game at tho very moment it was going on so prosperously. He did not appear to have the least suspicion that his presence was extreaiely inconvenient. IIo did not attempt to stir from his chair, hut warmed his withered legs with an insane sort of earnest ness ; and his abominable dog (on whoso tail I tried to tread) showed his teeth with a threat ening grin. " ' The lawsuit,' said the steward, ' is certainly involved, really involved, very involved. No one ono but myself understands its bearings ; I defy any one else to finish it. The prior declares that -' ' " Here ho began to talk with astonishing volubility and with a degree of animation that was altogether strange. Do not expect me to report the drift of his discourse ; for none but the devil himself or an old special pleader could understand a syllable of it. It was Hebrew to me, and still more so to the lady. Moreover, as he went 011 talking, I experienced a very singular phenomenon — nnd so did she, as she told mo afterwards. What he said reached our ears, but did not leave the least trace 011 our memory. It would have been impossible for either of us to repeat a singlo phrase I10 uttered, nor could we make the least sense of it. We remarked that even he himself did not appear to hear and under stand what I10 was saying. He talked as if ad dressing empty space, and it seemed to us that lie '-sometimes passed from one object to another without rhymo or reason, and that sometimes lie repeated the same thing over, and over and over again. " But we had really no actual cognisance of his words. The sound of his voice lulled our ears, but did not satisfy or fill them. Tho apartment seemed muffled and soundless, as if wo were cioso shut up in a box. His face and appearance had greatly changed, and continued to change as he went on talking. IIo seemed every minute to grow older and older. I do not know what people look like when they aro two hundred years old — although wo are told on medical authority that it is possible to live two hundred years ; but it is certain that at first I10 appeared to be a hundred years, and that after- wards his ago seemed double and triple. His skin stuck closo to bis bones. His eyes, which for an instant wero brilliant nnd inflamed, as it were, by tho excitement and chicanery, became haggard, unsteady, and afterwards glassy, dull, and fixed, till tliey were finally extinguished in their orbits. His voice also sounded gradually weaker and weaker, and his features contracted. His coat hung loose and flabby about liiin, and then stuck, as if it were wet, about his lean and hectic limbs. His linen, which at first was white, little by little assumed an earthly hue, and we fancied that his person exhaled a mouldy smell. His dog stood up and began to bowl, in answer to the wind which was roaring out of doors. The wax lights in the chandeliers went out one by one without our paying any attention to them, until the very last, dying away, left us completely in tho dark. The Baronne gnvo a scream and rang the bell. No ono came to answer it ; but I succeeded in finding an unburnt candle in another chandelier, and managed to light it. Wo then found that wo were left alone. Tho strange old man had taken hi3 departure with as little noise as he had effected his entrance. " ' Heaven be praised !' exclaimed tho Baronne. ' I don't know what is the matter with me, but I have been very near having a nervous attack. I never know anything more vexatious than that little spectro there — for lie was absolutely like a spectre, was lie not ? Can you conceive my husband's taking such an unearthly mummy? Deaf, a hundred years old. and insane — for I10 is insane into the bargain ? What was tho purport of all his muttering? I could, understand nothing ; I could not catch a single word. It sounded exactly like an old worn-out rattle. He mado me laugh at first hut 1 soon got tired of him, then angry, then alarmed, and that to such a degrco that I was choked and oppressed. I felt an inclination to yawn, to cough, to weep, and to scream — I believe that I did scream a little at last. I am so dreadfully afraid of lunatics and idiots ! I would not for the world have tliat man remain hero four-ami-twenty hours longer ; I am sure that I should soon go mad myself.' " ' The Baron must have been deceived about his ago and capabilities,' I answered. ' Ho is certainly in Lis second childhood.' " ' He will deny the fact. Ho will make liira out ti bo young and agreeable ; but bo shall discharge him at once, or elso I will lea\e. Good heavens !' she exclaimed abruptly, ' do you know what o'clock it is ?' " I looked at the timepiece. It was three in tho morning. I couli) not believe my eyes. I looked at my watch, aud it wns three in the morning. ' Can it bo possible,' I said, ' that this old fellow has been talking gibberish to us for three whole hours ?' " Wo kept silenco for an instant, quito unable to explain to each other how wo had borne that tiresome chattering for three whole hours without the power of escaping from it, and without being nwaro of the lapse of time. Suddenly the Baronne began to be cross with me. ' I cannot conceive,' sho said, ' why you did not interrupt him — why you did not find some moans, 110 matter whether polite or not, of delivering me from such a state of turture. It was your placo to do it.' "'It seems to me, madame,' I answered quietly, " that I had no right to give orders in your house, at least not without your commis sioning me to do so.' " ' I liavo a great idea that I was fast asleep, and in all probability so were you.' " I assure you I was not, for my sufferings wero horrible.' " ' And mine also,' sho replied ; ' I was terri fied and paralysed. I have told you I am afraid of idiots and lunatics. But were you frightened as well as myself ?' "'I think not; but I was seized with an indescribable stupor, a sort of sick feeling — ' " ' Nonsense!' she said, in a tone of disdain. 'You were frightened as well as I. In truth we have kept a pretty night-watch ! I shall have a headache to- morrow. So please look about ' tho house — iu the kitchen, tho pantry, or anywhere — to see if thero is still anyone up. I may break all the bells, nnd not a soul will come.' "It was a very easy request to make. There was only ono singlo candle in tho room. I could not decently want oil witn that ; and had not the slightest acquaintance with the house. I left the room, however, at a venture, stumbling about in the ante-chamber and tho corridors as I went along. I called ; I knocked at several doors. 'If I should wake tho Baron,' I thought, " ho will consider it strange not to bo in bed at three in tho morning. They must settle tho matter between them ; it is nothing to me.' " At last, pushing open an unfastened door, I found myself in a spacious kitchen dimly lighted by an old oil-lamp. There again I found the little old man dozing on a straw-bottomed chair by the side of a half-extinguished fire. His dog snarled at me. The poor wretch seemed passing so miserable a night that I could not help pitying him. I went to wake him up, but lie began to mutter, ' It is cold, very cold, very cold indeed.' It was impossible to make him understand a word, and equally impossible to find a living soul to speak to. I lighted a candle and rambled through the liouso from top to bottom. Not a man servant nor a maid wa9 thero ; nono of them slept in that part of the building. I returned to the saloon to rejoin madame, but she, out of patience, had gono to bed and bad taken the candle away with her. The wretched light which I had went out, and how was I then to find my chamber ? I gave up all thoughts of doing 90. I threw large l"gs 011 the fire, drew a sofa in front of it, wrnpjcd myself in a tablecloth, and soon fell fast asleep. " Servants, -however soon they go to bed at night, do not rise a minute earlier in the morning. After daybreak I had plenty of time to find my chamber, which I knew by my trunk being placed nt tho door.. I tumbled the bed as if I bad slept in it. No one was aware of my bivouac in the saloon. When the bell summoned me to break fast, I found the Baron and his wife at open war. He was rejoicing at M. Buisson's arrival, and had ordered a servant to request him to come and be presented. At this thn lady was furious, de- clyjug she would turn him out if ho entered her presence. " ' What can he the matter with you, 'my dear?' exclaimed tho Baron, losing patience. ' How can you talk such nonsense as to say that Mr "Buisson i3 a hundred years old, idiotic, and deaf? You have not even seen him yet.' " ' I have only seen too much of him ; all the whilo from midnight to tbreo o'clock this moru- ing.' "'You must have dreamt. He has hardly been hero a couple of hours.' " ' I tell you ho arrived at midnight. Ask Pierre ; lie must have .let him in.' " ' But when J tell you that I brought liim to the house myself at nine o'clock this morning, and that I went more than a league to meet him, what | will you Bay to that?' " ' That you are dreaming.' " ' No ; 'tis yon.' " ' Where is Pierre, to givo us nn explanation ? And you, Monsieur Rosidor, why dou't you speak V " I was bewildered, and had only a confused recollection of thn events of the previous night. I could not, and I dared not, remember anything or explain any thing. Tho door opened, and M. Buisson appeared. Ho was forty years of age at the very most, stout, with a fresh colour, dres3ed in black, with a quick eye and an open counten ance. The Baron presented him to his wife, lie was no more deaf than you or I. He ex pressed himself well, nnswered to the purpose, said nothing about law matters, and' assured mndainc that ho slept at St. Meinen, starting thence at fivo in the morning iu order that I10 might arrivo by nine. " This explanation answered very little pur pose, for there was no confounding this steward with tho ono who came in during tho night. Tho Baronne interrogated Pierre. Pierre had seen nobody arrive. He had waited at the end of the avenue till midnight for M. Buisson, who did not come ; lie then went to bed. None of the servants saw any one enter. They all slept perfectly well. Mndame's maid waited for her in her room, to which she returned soon after three in tho morning. " ' Three in tho morning !' shouted the Baron, darting a terrible- look at me. ' Really, it was a singular fancy to sit up till so Into nn hour as that ! But you seo that my steward, who you say favoured you with his company, is not quite so old as you suppose him to be.' " Tho Baronne fell into a violent passion. ' But speak, monsieur,' sho said, addressing me. ' I nm taken for a romancing visionary, and you sit thero without saying a word ! " My ideas at last began to clear a little, and I said, ' Monsieur lo Baron, I assure, upon my honour, that at midnight, just as I was about to take leave of madame, there camo into the saloon a little man, who cannot be less than eighty years of age, and who amused himself talking at random until exactly threo in the morning. We could not get him to answer a word, to such a degree ik ho absent and deaf. " The Baron was struck with the accent of truth with which I gave this explanation. ' What sort of a person was this little man ?' he asked. " ' He was thin, and not bo tall as I nm. He had a sharp nose, a largo wart under his eye, thin lips, pale aud haggard eyes, and a dry aud hollow voice.' " ' How was he dressed ?' " ' Olive green coat, waiscoat, and breeches ; blue and whito speckled stockings. He bad an ebony walking-stick, carved at the top with a negro's head, with a cornelian turban. Ho wa9 accompanied by an ugly terrier, which was black all over, and very snappish.' " Perfectly correct,' said theBarronne. 'Mon sieur forgets to add that I113 coat was laced with silver, and that he wore tortniseshell spectacles. Moreover, lie had a habit of repeating the same word three times over.' " At that moment Pierre, who was handing a plate, let it fall, and turned as pale as death. The Baron also changed colour a little, and said, ' It is very strange ! They told me of it before, but I would not believe it.' " ' I saw him,' said Pierre, trembling from head to foot, ' the evening of our arrival, as plainly a.s I now see you, and dressed- exactly as he is in his picture.' " ' Fetch his portrait instantly.' " A small drawing, in coloured crayons, was brought. " ' It is not well done,' said the Baron. ' It was executed by a travelling artist; but the likeness is frightfully correct.' " The Baronne cast her eyes on the portrait ; gave a loud scream and fainted. I could no longer command my feelings. When I recognised, beyond the possibility of doubt, who had been our visitor the previous night, I felt a cold sweat creep over my limbs. " As soon as the Baronne camo to herself, she asked, ' How long ba3 Monsieur Rousset been dead ? ' "' Alas, poor man!' said Pierre, 'ho was buried more than a week before madame's arrival. I closed his eyes myself ; and if madame wishes , to see his dog, his old black terrier, who goes every night and scratches at his grave — ' " ' Never, never 1 ' screamed the lady. ' Quick ! pack up my things and order post-horses. I will not pass another night in this house.' " Whether she really was terrified, or availed herself of tho pretext to get away, she insisted so effectually that in a couple of hours she and the Baron were 011 their way to Paris, leaving the new steward to settle matters with tho old ono as well as ho could. The lady bade me a cold adieu ; the Baron tried to bo tnoro amiable, and bad me driven to the nearest town ; but I could not share in tho regret which I10 expressed at our abrupt departure from the Chateau do Guernay." " Motie Copy." — Once in August, wet and dreary, sat the writer, weak and weary, o'er a memorandum-book of items, used be(pre — book of scrawling head-notes, rather — items, taking days to gather them iu hot and sultry weather (using up much time and leather), pon.dered we these items o'er. Whilo we couu'd them, slowly rocking (through our minds queer ideas flocking), camo a quick and nervous knocking— knocking at the sanctum door. " Sure, that must be Jinks," we muttered — " Jink9, that's knocking at your door ; Jinks, tho everlasting bore." Ah, well do wo remind us, iu the -walls which they confined us, the " exchanges lay behind u3, and before us, and around us, nnd all o'er the floor." Thinks we, " Jinks desires to borrow some newspapers till to-morrow, and 'twill be relief from sorrow to get rid of Jinks, the bore, by op'ning wide the door." Still, tho visitor kept knocking — knock ing louder than before. And the scattered piles of papers cut some rather curious capers, being lifted by the breezes coming through the door ; and we wished (the wish was evil, for one deemed always civil) that Jinks was to the d — 1, to stay there evermore ; there to find his level — Jinks, the nerve-destroying bore. Bracing up our patienco firmer, then, without another murmur : " Mr Jinks, your pardon, your forgiveness, we implore. But, tho fact is, wo were reading of somo curious proceeding, and thus it was, un heeded your loud knocking there before." Hero we opened wide tho door. But pliancy, now, our pheelinks — for it wasu't Jiuks, tho bore — name less Jinks, for evermore. But the form that stood before us, caused a trembling to come o'er us, and memory bore u3 back again to days of yore ; days when " items " were in plenty, and where'er this writer weut-lie picked up interest ing items by the score ; 'twas tbo form of our young "devil," in an attitude uncivil; as I10 thrust his head into tho open door, with " Tho foreman's out 0 ' copy, sir! — and says ho wants somo more !" Yos, like Alexander, wanted " more." Now, this " local " had already walk ed about till nearly dead — ho had sauntered through the city till his feet were very soro — walked the thoroughfare called Dauphin, and the by-ways running off into the portions of tho city both public and obscure ; had examined store nnd cellar, and had questioned every " feller" whom he met, from door to door, if anything was stirring— any accidents occurring— not published heretofore — and met with no success; he would rather kinder guess he felt a little wicked at that ugly bore, with his message from the foreman, that he wanted "something more." "Now, it's time you were departing, you young scamp ! " replied we, upstarting ; " get you back into the offico where you were before — or tbo words which you have spoken will get your bones ail broken (and we seized a cudgel, oaken,' that was lying on the floor) ; tuko your hands out of your pockets, and leave tho sanctum door ; tell tho foreman there is no copy, you ugly little bore." Quoth tho devil, " Send him more," And our devil, never sitting, still is flitting, still is flitting back and forth upon the landing, just outside our snnctum door. Tears adown his cheeks are streaming — strango light from bis eyes are beaming — bis voice is heard, still screaming, " Sir, the foreman wants some more 1" And our soul, pierced with that screaming, is awakened from its dreaming, nnd ha3 lost tho peaceful feeling it experienced before : for t.ho fancy which comes o'er us, that each reader's face before 11s, bpnrs tho horrid words — " Wa wnnt a little more !" Words upon their fore heads glaring, " Your funny column needs a little more !" 