MEN may discuss, -with Lord GREY and Lord RUSSELL, the propriety of distributing all the ecclesiastical revenues of Ireland among the different religions bodies of the island, or may argne, with J5r. BBIGHT, in favor of reserving certain moderate proportions of exist ing endowments for sach distribution, or may call, with bolder reformers, for the disendow* ment of all religious bodies, saving vested interests;'' but those who reccommend. the endowment of the Soman Catholic Church on a scale of equality with the English Church in Ireland must have disregarded altogether the curreut of modern thought." This is the language of the Times, in article treating of the Irish Question generally. And the alternative propositions thus cursorily indicated seem sufficiently apropos and suggestive to demand some farther excogitation, with a view to their practical application to our own position and circumstances. We have here a system of fetate endowment of Religion, not precisely analagous, perhaps, to that which in Ireland maintains the National Establishment by means of a tithe rent-charge; supports the Presbyterian Church by the direct stipendiary grant of the Rdg'um Donrim, and endows by a: perpetual charge on the consolidated revenue of the Three Kingdoms, the Boman Catholic Semiuary at Maynooth. But in effect our system Exhibits all the anomalies of that which constitutes the great Irish difficulty. Our system professes to secure the impartial endowment of the Churches of England and of Scotland, the Wesieyan body, the Fapal clergy, and the Hebrew congregation. The distribution is based on the census; and we may fairly assume that if there had been any large number of Chinese, or Mahomedans of any nation, settled in the Colony when the £>tate Aid Distribution Act was passed, its provisions would have been extended to the Joss House and the Alosqae. It may be worth while to examine the practical working of this aystem aid its influence on the community at" rge. Those -who profess to defend and uphold the description of State endowment of religion which prevails in Tasmania, are in the habit of asserting that religion is a species of moral police agency, which prevents or refisses crime, and that it is cheaper to pay £15,000 a year to clergymen of all denominations, than to maintain the increased police that would be necessitated by the total absence of religious ordinances and teaching—the assumed result of the diBendowment of religion. Otheri, again, argue that religion is exactly that commodity, which, while it is indispensably necesay to the moral health of everybody, nobody s inclined to provide for himself at his own roper cost and charges. We are not aware hat any one ventures to defend the system, on he ground that it is the duty of the State to rovide religious teaching for its citizens; beause that theory must;condemn the equaL en- J dowmeut of conflicting creeds, since it seems almost impossible to suppose that any State would deliberately support, by direct stipendiary retainers, half a dozen varieties of Religion, all more or less differing in matters of form and dogma, and some diametrically opposed to each other in vital tenets and fundamental doctrines. The original reservation of £15,000 for Public Worship in our Constitutional Act was the accidental result of the appointment, undei th6 Imperial regime, of Chaplains to Gaols, Hospitals, Barracks and Convict Stations. When that act passed there were several clergymen in the position'of Colonial Chaplains, who, in the absence of such a provision, would have become immediately chargeable as pensioners on the Imperial Treasury underthe English Superannuation Act. The object of the Imperial Government in requiring such a provision in the CoTislitutional Act, was simply to enable the Crown to keep faith with its " Civil servants. It is a remarkable fact, that the ConstitxUional Act does not enact a yearly provision, but simply prescribes a reservation of a principal sum of £15,000. And that sum would probably have sufficed in 1854 to pension off the Colonial Chaplains on equitable terms. Subsequent legislation by our own Parliament has virtually recognised and enforced the principle of the perpetual endowment of all religious creeds willing to accept State support, in proportion to the numerical strength of the various communions as shown by the decennial census. If that legislation fairly represents the mind of the Conntry, and we must have State support to religion in some shape or other, this theory is probably the safest and the fairest; It practically disregards the trutb, or relative value of the various conflicting teachings of the several Churches. But, recognising them all as public instructors and moral police, it impartially redistributes to the people a fixed proportion of the general taxes iu the shape of* ministers' stipends, on the same principle that the State indifferently provides secular instruction, or police protection, to all classes of the community, irrespectively of religious peculiarities, or varying modes of theological belief. There are many practical as.well as theoretical objections to this system. These we are not now concerned to discuss. The existing system, whatever may be its defects, is the law of the land. And it has been deliberately adopted, after mature deliberation and ample discussion, in an elected Legislature sufficiently representative of the views and wishes, on such aquestion, of the community at large. But, without entering upon the discussion of the principle of State Aid to religion, embalmed in our State Aid Distribution Act. there are some features in the practical working of-that statute, which receut events have thrown into unexpected prominence. The Act under which State Aid to Religion is divided amongst the churches willing to receive it has effected a radical change in the mutual relations of the Government and the State-paid clergy, These latter are no longer Colonial Chaplains amenable to the Executive Government, appointed, promoted, removed, or pensioned off at .the will of the GOVERNOR. State Ai<l is now paid in lamp sums to the governing bodies of the endowed churches, and by those bodies divided amongst the recipient clergy. But there is this peculiarity in the arrangement, that, during the lives of certain incumbents of cures named in the schedule to the Act, the governing bodies are bound to pay those incumbents certain stipends and allowances fixed by law. This enactment converts the governing bodies into involuntary trustees of public monies specifically appropriated by the Legislature to particular individual recipients. In this way the stipends, allowances, and residences enjoyed by the incumbents named in the schedule to the State Aid Distribution Act are converted into freeholds, temporalities of their respective cures, which the civil tribuuals' of the Country can deal with, as between the trustees and the beneficiares, irrespectively of the ecclesiastical jurisdiction of the governing bodies of churches, which, in the absence, of an established, or State, church, is only binding upon individuals Ministers in foro contcietUioe. There were many obvious reasons why these trusts thould not have been created. It was felt bv the majority of Colonial Chaplains that they were not fairly dealt with wheu they-were forbidden to apply for their salaries at the Treasury as heretofore, and were compelled to nM^?!*i? IFJ^I™^! . goveniiug body, constituted since their er original a appoinftnent and anxions to displace them to make way-for younger and more active Ministers. This change alone, it has always seemed to us, was practically a breach of faith with the civil servants of the Crowu. Their relations to the Government were changed, or rather abrogated, without their consent asked and againBt their will, It was equally hard npon the governing bodies, who were thus saddled with a number of Ministers they had no wish to employ, but were compelled to retain in particular cures and pay fixed stipends, irrespectively of their efficiency or usefulness, so long as they lived, or declined to retire. And with auch relations between the governing bodies and the endowed Ministers there was always the risk of a collision between the secular courts and the ecclesiastical jurisdiction of the churches. The controversy between the Scottish Presbytery and the Minister of St. AKDEEW'S supplies a notable case in point. There we see the civil tribunals of the Country, invoked to compel the specific performance of a trust created by the State Aid Distribution Act, overruling and overriding the.- ecclesiastical jurisdiction of the Presbytery and declaring the deposition of a Minister from his sacred office, pronounced under the most solemn sanctions, a nullity in law; and requiring the Presbytery,; under penalty of imprisonment and forfeiture j of goods, to do monthly violence to their consciences, and certify to the Government that a man whom they, as .the vicegerents of Heaven and in tbe name of the ALMIGHTY, had deprived of bis pastoral cure and deposed from the office of the Ministry, was still the incumbent of a particular parish and a Minister of the Church ! This was done some four years ago. But the painful scandal has been recently revived by the action of the Presbytery last week, at Campbell Town. Under the pressure of a threatened Equity suit, with its inevitable attendant expenses and contingent penalties— forfeiture of liberty and goods—the Presbytery have now gone one step further. Hitherto they have been content to assure the Government, in a monthly certificate, that Mr. STOBIE, whom they had deprived and deposed, was "acting as Minister of St. AndrewV' They have now, by a formal vote, declared their former proceedings in Mr. STOELE'S case, trial, citation, sentence of deprivation and deposition in the name of the HOLY GHOST, "null and void !" Mr. STOBIE is consequently invited to re-enter the Presbytery as a Minister and a member of that Body, and Dr. TUKNBDXL will henceforward, with a clear conscience, certify the Government once a month that Mr. STOEIE is the Minister of St. Andrew's % These proceedings constitute a public scandal only paralleled by the analagous case of Dr. COLENSO, The State Aid Distribution Act is directly responsible for these occurrences, which shock the moral sense and inflict irreparable damage upon the cause of Religion itself—damage for which all tbe possible advantages of State Aid can afford no sufficient compensation. It seems to us that an enactment which is not only capable of producing, but has actually produced such results, must need amendment, if not abrogation. So much, at any rate, of the State Aid 'Distribution Act as creates the involuntary trusts in the Governing Bodies must be subjected to legislative revision. And wheu once tbe whole subject is thus brought once more under discussion in Parliament, it will become a serious question whether the time has not arrived for its final settlement on a very different basis, and on principles more in accordance with " the current of modern thought" 