THE PAIMARIRE SUPERSTITION. I remain, & c., LAVKA. Brisbane, October 6. SIR: Perhaps it may bo useful at this junc- <*> ture to place before your readers specimens of the prayers repeated by those "ill-used" (?) Maoris, who have lately inflicted such severe losses upon the Colonial Forces in New Zea land, showing that even amongst " men of color," religion may be perverted to very Bad uses. Many are doubtless aware that this supersti tion originated at the wreck of the Lord Worsley, steamer, at Taranaki, a few years since, when a Maori chief named Te Ua, or the prophet, in his efforts to restrain his country men from robbing said ship and passengers, be came demented, and in his madness invented a jargon composed of missionary lore and teach ings, intermixed with Maori superstitions, and so started the new faith called Hauhau, or peace, peace, otherwise called Paimarire worship. This religion was eagerly seized upon by the promoters of the Maori King move ment, as a link to bind together the fallen for tunes of the Maori race, who saw their Euro pean neighbors spreading through the land, and by steady industry and perseverance increasing in wealth and prosperity, while they, from idle ness and other causes, were gradually decreas ing. The new religion was rapidly carried from tribe to tribe, and eagerly adopted by the greater portion of them; but its votaries hav ing, in their enthusiasm for the new faith, com mitted such deeds as the murder of the Rev. Mr. Volckner, Mr. Fulloon, and others, besides indulging in wild, licentious rites not contem plated by the original founder, the clear- headed men amongst the Maoris gradually withdrew their support, and became what too many of them are at this time, know-nothings. An influential chief, who lately gave in his allegiance to the Government, stated " that himself and tribe, during the time they were under its in fluence, never knew a moment's peace of mind ;" and all Europeans who have been in New Zea land know what a wild, haggard look the Hau haus wear. This faith is now limited to a few tribes, who live peaceably with their neigh bors ; but its chief stronghold appears to be in that fertile tract of country between Wanganui and Taranaki, known as the Patea" district, the scene of the recent disturbances under Tito kowaru and his followers, who thus writes to a friendly chief: " A word for you. Cease travelling on the roads. Stop for ever the going on the roads which lead to camp Man gamanga (camp Waiki), lest you be left on the I roads as food for the birds of the air and for the beasts of the field, or for me, because I have eaten the European (Smith, trooper) as (a piece of) beef. He was cooked in a pot. The women and children partook of the food. I have begun to eat human flesh, and my throat is constantly open for the flesh of man. I shall not die; I shall not die. When death itself shall be dead, I shall be alive." The Patea land was fairly confiscated, according to Maori custom, by the Government, in indemnification of the expenses incurred by the late wars, amounting, in 1867, to over £7,000,000 sterling; and it is only when the colored gentleman above mentioned has driven off and murdered the settlers, besides destroying their property, that the Colonial Government have taken up arms against them, with but poor success as yet; but what can undisciplined forces do against men who fight like demons, whose trade is fight ing, and who, if they were not fighting their white brethren—who have treated them too kindly—would be at war with each other, just for amusement. Such has been the sad history of Maori life in New Zealand from the begin ning until now, and, like the restless Tamils of India, whose descendants they doubtless are, the warlike tribes fought their way through the three islands, taking possession of the land and wives, and making slaves of those whom they conquered. The Native Lands Courts, in in vestigating the titles of the Maori land owners, have brought to light many a sad history of days gone by, such as the fearful slaughter of the peaceful Moriories of the Chatham Islands, by the Maoris, until they have become almost extinct. It is only since the advent of the white man in New Zealand that these fierce tribes have been held in check, and as they gradually feel their reputation and prestige de parting from them, it cannot be wondered at that they attempt to withstand the wave of civilisation which now washes their feet. The sensible Maoris are leasing, cultivating, or selling their lands, and are thereby many of them better off than Europeans; ana it is to be hoped that in a few years more all the well-disposed Maoris will have given in their allegiance to the Queen, while the evil-disposed will have to be thrashed into obedience, like bad-tempered schoolboys. There was not, when I left New Zealand, 500 Maoris in arms against the Government, and it is to be hoped that when the New Zealand Parliament in a generous mood votes sufficient means to carry on the war on a liberal scale (not on the chandler-shop style, as at present), the authorities will make quick work of them, and so the Hauhau religion will become a thing of the past. It is with this view that I think the enclosed worthy of publication. The following is a true translation of the Paimarire worship:— The loving song of Mary for her people standing in nakedness in this island, which is divided in half. 1\. Morning Song, God the Father, have mercy on me. God the Father, have mercy on me. God the Father, have mercy on me. Have mercy, mercy: or, Peace, peace. God the Son, have mercy on me. God the Son, have mercy on me. God the Son, have mercy on me. Have mercy, mercy: or, Peace, peace. God the Holy Ghost, have mercy on me. God the Holy Ghost, have mercy on me. God the Holy Ghost, have mercy on me. Have mercy, mercy: or, Peace, peace. 2\. Fok the Evening. Father, have mercy on me. Father, have mercy on me. Father, have mercy on me. Have mercy, mercy. Holy Ghost, have mercy on me. Holy Ghost, have mercy on me. Holy Ghost, have mercy on me. Have mercy, mercy. Holy Ghost, have mercy on me. Holy Ghost, have mercy on me. Holy Ghost, have mercy on me. Have mercy, mercy. Glory to Thee, O Jehovah, who standest in the midst of the earth. Honor and glory. Honor and glory. Honor and glory. Have mercy, mercy. Amen. The song of Mary, to her people standing naked in this island divided in half. 1\. Moenino Song. My Father of Glory, have mercy on me. My Father of Glory, have mercy on me. My Father of Glory, have mercy on me. Have mercy, mercy. My holy Father, have mercy on me. My holy Father, have mercy on me. My holy Father, have mercy on me. Have mercy, mercy. My Glorious " Niu,"* have mercy on me.' My Glorions " Nlu," have mercy on me. ' My Glorious '• Niu," have mercy on me. Have mercy, mercy. 2\. For the Evening. My Father of Glory, have mercy on me. My Father of Glory, have mercy on me. „ My Father of GJory, have mercy on me. Have mercy, mercy. Michael, have mercy on me. Michael, have mercy on me. Michael, have mercy on me. *■ Have mercy, mercy. My Spiritual Mother, have mercy on me. * My Spiritual Mother, hare mercy on me. My Spiritual Mother, have wercy on me. Have mercy, mercy. Amen. * " Nin." The name of the pole they worship. 