ROCKHAMPTON. Dedember 2ft. 1 A rush commenced yesterday to Stony Creek, on Andrew Boss's ran, near the Fitzroy, four teen miles from town. The prospector got two ounces from twenty four dishes of stuff. A new reef is reported seven miles from Atherton's station near Cawarral. We have received information to the effect of a blackfellow, named Dickey, who has long been in the employ of a settler near Dundathu, having been wantonly shot dead by some European at present unknown. The account rests solely on the authority of the blacks themselves, but is eo precise and circumstantial that there is no reason to doubt its correctness. As several of them state themselves to have been present when the cruel deed was com mitted there should be no difficulty in obtain ing a clue whereby the murderer may be traced. It is to be hoped that a searching investigation will be at once instituted, if only to vindicate the protection of our laws, under which the aborigines are supposed to rest in security, from the reproach of being a mere mockery when the life of one of these unfortunates is in question. Mb. B. B. Sheeidan desires through our columns to acknowledge with thanks the undermentioned contributions towards giving the blacks a feast on Christmas Day : — Messrs. R. Travis, W. M. Davidson, W. Southerden. J. H. Stevens, Gr. Galbraith, E. Priddy, E. Mar tin, Bryant and Tooth, T. N. Milner, Stedman and Macneisb, G. T. Watson, B. C. Rowland, Stoward and Gladwell, J. P. Lyons, Wm Walker, W. S. Roberts, and R. B. Sheridan ten shillings each ; Messrs. James Duncan, J. E. Noakes, Peter Graham, T. T. Woodrow, A. H. Wilson, Thos. Travis, W. H. Drake, E. A. Hyde, C. Poteon, H. J. Jones, Nicholas Murphy, T. Woodward, J. H. Robertson, F Winterheld, T. Upward, 5s. each ; and Mr. g! H. Nightingale, 2s. 6d. Total, £12 7s. 6d. Out of which the blacks received— one bullock, about 9 ewt.; 5 cwt. of floor; one cwt. of sugar; 8 lbs. of tobacco; and four dozen pipes. There were 182 blacks present, young and old, all of whom seemed to enjoy themselves very much, and who, after three cheers for the white fellows, promised any amount of good be haviour. The spirit shown in the getting up of the Hack Races for Boxing Day is creditable alilrp to the public and to the stewards who bore the burden and heat -of the day. The unpaid balance of the subscriptions and entries will leave some £10 to the good, which we under stand is to be devoted to the improve ment of the racecourse. The balance-sheet appears in our advertising columns, but we are compelled to defer the publication of the subscription list to our next issue. The question occurs — What is being done in preparation for our annual meet ? If there is any shortcoming either in the programme or entries, it will be solely owing to the supine ness of the acting members of the club. There was some talk at one time of fencing in the course, but like many other good things the proposal appears to be fast drifting into oblivion. ' Mb. John Bourne, the contractor for the Brisbane Bridge, was adjudicated insolvent yesterday by his Honor the Chief Justice, upon the petition of Mr. James Cairns, official liqui dator of the Bank of Queensland. The alleged act of insolvency upon which the petition was based, was the inability of Mr. Bourne to point out, when required by the Sheriff to do so, suf ficient disposable property to satisfy a writ of issued upon a judgment obtained by the Bank of Queensland against Mr. Bourne, for about £34,524. — Courier. The following letter to the editor appears in a late issue of the Sydney Empire .-—Sir, ? I observe in your issue of the 27th ultimo a statement relative to ' the person calling him self Count Von Attems,' in which the follow ing paragraph occurs; — We may presume, therefore, that the Hamlet's Ghost has been put out of commission and laid up in ordinary, and it is not impossible that she may yet find her way back to her disconsolate owner, in Brisbane, who would no doubt be glad to give back in exchange the bills, which he has not found at all exchangeable.' As the former owner of the Hamlet's Ghost, I beg to inform you that I disposed of that vessel for cash be fore deliveiy ; and as neither myself nor my firm had any paper transactions with the pseudo count, I hate no reason to feel dis consolate, but am, on the contrary, perfectly satisfied. Your insertion of the above will oblige, Sir, yours truly, Geobge Harrw Brisbane, 8th December. 