CATHOLIC INTELLIGENCE. His HOLINESS THE POPE.—We have received by the mail the gratifying intelligence that the health of the Holy Father continued good. The twenty- fifth anniversary of his accession to the Papal Chair had passed, but not without being duly celebrated in Rome and in several parts of Italy. The French and Pontifical officers gave a dinner in commemoration of the august Pio Nono's elevation to the See of Peter, and the greatest enthusiasm in his cause was manifested by the representatives of the different nationalities of the Old and New World who were there assembled. The foreign consuls and political delegates were present. General Dumont, who presided, said, in proposing the health of His Holiness, that the Emperor and France had never abandoned Pius IX. The Pope has issued a bull summoning an oecumenical council for December, 1870, to mark the completion of his twenty-five years of office. This is the longest term a Pope has ever reigned. A meeting of distinguished Roman Catholic ladies had been held in Dublin, to take measures for raising funds for supporting the Papal army, and the greatest zeal was displayed in the cause of the Holy Father and Catholicity. Among the patronesses of the movement are the Lady Mayoress, the Marchioness of Londonderry, the Countess of Portarlington, the Countess of Granard, Lady French, Lady Bellew, Lady Burke, &c.; THIS TKIDDOM commenced in St. Mary's Church, Hotham, on Wednesday last, when a crowded congregation assembled to participate in the indulgences granted by His Holiness the Pope. The Rev. W. Kelly preached an eloquent discourse, which produced the best effects, if we may judge from the number who remained after Benediction of Most Holy Sacrament for Confession. The Very Rev. the Vicar-General, Rev. Dr. Bleasdale, Revs. G. V. Barry, D. Lordon, H. England, J. O'Driscoll, J. P. O'Sullivan, and J. Fitzgerald, assisted. MAGDALEN ASYLUM.—On Sunday last the Rev. G. V. Barry preached in aid of the Magdalen Asylum, Abbotsford, and a more eloquent or impressive appeal could not have been made on behalf of this very deserving Cathplic charity. The sermon and its delivery •were certainly splendid illustrations of pulpit oratory and rhetorical art. The degradation of the Magdalen of Scripture, and her transformation to a state of grace pre-eminent, form a subject that, even in the hands of an ordinary preacher,;should raise him above his level The subject, when treated with more than ordinary ability, never fails to touch the heart and win the sympathy of a congregation. The inspired tale, as eloquently sketched by Father Barry on Sunday last, very sensibly affected the unusually large congregation present •on this occasion. He described with great power, hilt with judicious restraint, the eclipse of all moral beauty that falls upon the character of the fallen woman obdurate in her sin, and appealed earnestly for the means of affording her shelter and consolation in,,her effort to turn'away from sin. Then; iii eloquently setting forth the glory that -encompassed the Penitent Magdalen of the Gospel, he presented a. •contrast which must have warmly animated his hearers with zeal in the good cause he was advocating. From this brief notice of the reverend gentleman's discourse it will be expected that the result was satisfactory. It was so, the amount collected, haying reached, very nearly £160, the largest sum, we believe, ever contributed here on any similar occasion. The music at the service was Haydn's Third Mass, and was performed in a most effective manner. At. the request •of the choir, Madame Anna Bishop kindly sang the aria, " In verdure clad," from "The Creation" (Haydn), and this the lady rendered in that style of finish and execution, for which she is so justly celebrated. Mr. Pringle played the accompaniment, as also the offertory in G of Lefebure Wely, with great skill and effect. SOLEMN HIGH MASS AND OFFICE.—There was a Solemn Office and Requiem High Mass at St. Francis' on Tuesday morning last for the repose of the 60ul of the late Vetu Archdeacon M'Encroe. The Very Rev. Dr. Fitzpatrick, V.G., presided. ,, Mass was sung by the Rev. G^ V. Barry, asteipted by Rev. H. England as deacon, and Rev. P. •O'Meara as sub-deacon. Revs.'T. Neville and J. P. O'Sullivan acted as cantors. Amongst the elergymen present we noticed the Very Rev Dean Downing, of' Geelorig, the Rev. Dr. Bfeasedale, Rev. W. Kelly, S.J>, Rev. J. Nolan, S.J., Rev. J: O'Drisboll, Rev: D. IiOrdan, Rev. J. Fitzgerald, ,&c.; The large concourse of peoplein the church, testified the esteeni in which the late yen. clergyman , was held by the Roinan Catholics ofIMelbourne. , , / ... v SISTERS OF 'MEEOT' CONYENI.—JThe £j£Unlon prize drawing, in aid of St. Vincent dePfaiiTBOrphariage,and other works of Mercy, will take place' on Friday; the ,11th of Septe&iher;, in the Mechanics* Institute, Emerald Hill, at 12 o'clock. Perions holding duplicates or unsold"tickets are ; requested to 1 return them before the day of drawing. •• " • " : '. CATHOLIC C&ftbUcs; of this flourishing agricultural district have''already taken initiative steps for the erection of handsome stone church in the/reserve. The wooden building in-which the Divine mysteries &re; : now celebrated 4s found to be nluCh too small for tbe rapidly ^increasing congregation, and it iis rightly considered that it will be more fitting to • devote this exclusively to educational purposes, and to have a, consecrated church for all religious services/ The post of the new building will exceed JE2,OOP, but it is not apprehended that any difficulty will be experienced in collecting that sum in the district. Although the project was taken up only afew davs past,£500have alreadybeen promised. , MUNIFICENT BEQUEST.—The Geelong Advertiser is informed that the late Rev. Dean Hayes has left the munificent bequest of £1,500 to the Saint AugUstineOrphanage. ST. PATRICK'S CHORCH.BELFW.—giasswindowhas een erected id this chilppb. The lowjej:, (Qompfiriments haypbeea, tenaporaray^l^d with plain cathedral glass, rbuA hereafter will be, illed in with designs of ,the Nativity, Baptism, Death, aa»d .Resurrection of our Saviour. : The tracery about these portions is con*- pleted; arid in the four trefoils immediately above them are repre-r sentations of the four Evangelists. Ia the central and uppermost opening is the Ascension, and in those on either side the Annunciation, and the descent of the Holy Ghost on jthe Apostles; the various interstices being filled with appropriate emblems. The colouring is_ very beautiful, arid, both in design and execution, this window is a very creditable production of colonial art. It is,, we believe, from the, establishment of Messrs. Ferguson, Urie, and Lyon, Curzon street, North Melbourne. 