CHURCH OF ENGLAND. MEETING OF THE SYNOD. F&1DAY, 14tii Auoust. The President took the chair at half -past 3 o'clock. MINUTES. The minutes of -the previous meeting were read by th* clerical Secretary, and. signed by the President. PETITIONS. Mr. C. Lester presented a petition from Lieutenant Sadleir, R.N., proposing for the consideration of the Syn »d iho election of the Bishop by the clergy, and moved (hat it be reoeived. Mr. Fowleu seconded the motion. The Ckam'ELLoxi said he had previously remarked that it appeared to him this petition contained expressions at tho lcfibt of a doubtful propriety, and it was necessary the Synod sLoulu be very cautious how the records were made the vehicle for i llusions brought before it in the shape of peti tions. If a petition urged a complaint or grievance, and asked redress, by all means let the utmost tenderness be shown with regard to its reception ; but when the matter was of debatable character they ought to be careful how the petition was worded, so that it should not reflect upon any portion of the Synod. Although the wording of the petition now presented was not of a kind to commcnd itself to the approval of those who rend it, or of the Synod in general, he did not think it would be light on account of the phraseology to refuse its reception. The Rev. G. H. Moreton thought the clergy, if desir ing (ns he believed they did not) to have the election of their Bishop, might be left to put forward their own wants. Mr. R. J unes held that every member of the Church of England was entitled to the right of petition in reference to matters connected with the interests and conduct of tke Church, nnd as it was the practice in the British Parlia ment and other British Legislatures to receive petitions almoBt as a matter of course, unless there was strong ground of objection, ho was at a loss to see what possible difLculty there could be in receiving that now presented. The pe ition was received. The Rev. W. J, Guntheii presented a petition from himself, a s incumbent of St. John's parish, Parramatta, protesting ngainst the assessment on that parish for the fund in lieu of that from marriage fees. Tbe Rev. W. Stack, on a point of order, submitted that no member was entitled to present a petition froui himself to the body of which he formed a part. The Puesident was not aware that a member of the Synod had not a right to petition. The Registrar had serious doubts as to the propriety of a member presenting a petition from himself, whea he had a right to bring forward a grievance viva voce, and to address the Synod upon it. Mr. R. Junes thought it a very novel proceeding, but if there was an irregularity it was merely iu the presentation of the petition by the petitioner, and not as to the right of petitioning. * I The Chancellor quoted Burke's Parliamentary Prece- I dents to shew that a member might send in a petition, but 1 that it must be presented by some other member. Mr. A. L M'Dougall was then about to present the j petition, when The Dean objected that he had not, according to rule, made himself acquainted with the contents. i The petition was then signed by Mr. M'Dougall, in addi- | tion to the signature of Mr. Gunther, so as to render it - presentable by either, but on investigation by the President, it was found to contain no prayer, and therefore was with drawn. tribunal ordinance. The order of the day for the second reading of this ordi nance being called on, I The Rev. G. H. Moreton said he ventured to think that j of all subjects ever brought before the Synod, or that 1 would he brought before it, this which now occu pied its attention was tbe most important in point ef gravity. It was for the trial of clergymen ; and let his brethren reflect ; unon the solemn vows nil had taken upon themselves. They had declared that they were inwardly moved by the Holy Ghost to take upon themselves the ministerial office. This ordinance supposed a clergyman, either i from misapprehension, or malicious report, or actual sin, or in point of morality, 60 far to have forgotten his high and 6acred duties as to be no longer worthy of discharging them, or that his teaching had become such that, instead of building up the flock i committed to his charge he had poisoned them with the { noxiou6 weeds of heresy. Again, it supposed that the ! clergyman had forgotten that h? was ordained a minister of \ the Reformed Church, and had gone back to those ritual istic practices which prevailed in the middle ages, aud which the venerable reformers of the Church fought against even unto death. He thought, therefore, there could be no graver subject brought before the Synod than that which had to do with a clergyman standing in this position. It appeared to him that whatever might appear to be the differences of opinion on the subject, there was a means whereby they could arrive at a happy solution, and something like* unanimity. He took it for granted that in one respect they were agreed, and that was that there might be a painful necessity for a 1 tribunal of some kind or other. There was a difference i when they came to detail, some being of opinion that such 1 a tribunal as that proposed was the most desirable, others, j holding that we required no tribunal at all, and that if any clergyman were accused of being immoral, heretical in teaching, or superstitious in his practices, the proper tri bunal for dealing with him was the Bishop. He would not discuss this question in its legal or ecclesiastical hearings, his previous training not having enabled him to deal with it in that relation ; bat he would say that the President as. their diocesan had placed them there in an unsatisfactory position in this matter. Speak ing on his own behalf ana that of his brethren, he might say that his Lordship had net only their fullest confidence but the deepest affection of their hearts, and further, that if from his own falling off he were found guilty of dereliction of duty in any of the particulars mentioned in this ordi nance he should immeasurably prefer submitting his case to ! his Lordship than to any tribunal that this Synod, or auy ! other, might form. But he could not close his eyes to the great feet that his Lordship like themselves was mortal, and that his seat might be hereafter occupied by an other, and he pictured to himself the consequence of having one who went to the other extreme. He ventured to say those who urged that no other tribunal was neces sary might be devoutly thankful that there was some one , to shield them from their Bishop, instead of having one to go to as to a father and a friend. He thfref ore thought some such tribunal was absolutely necessary for the competent | and efficient working of the Church in* this colony. But he j thought it ought to be formed upon a wider basis than that j of a diocesan Synod ; and while it was very desirable that I the matter should be thoroughly ventilated, so as to arrive i at the different views entertained on it, they should not allow | the ordinance to pass until there was a provincial Synod. There was, he thought, a slight appearance of a email amount of hurry in this matter. The ordinance did not give us much more than we already possessed. In the event of a clergyman having surmises against his moral character it enabled hi6 Lordship to summon a certain number of gen tlemen to act as investigators upon tho charges. If his ; memory served him rightly, there were instances of in- : vestigations in this diocese sometimes regarding the character or proceedings of the clergy, or as to the amount ! of repair necessaiy for a parsonage,* and in all these in stances there had been something like a commission of in quiry, and he thought his Lordship determined upon the report of the commissioners. In this respect, therefore,* the tribunal absolutely gave us ' nothing, for it afforded no court of appeal. Why did not tbe Synod meet years before it did? He thought the reason was, that it was the wish of those who were endeavouring to promote synodical action to have a Synod not only in tbe diocese of Sydney, but also another of the provinces of New South Wales. We found when this great event was being brought about, conferences were held in each of the dioceses, and in these conferences there were certain fundamental Constitutions brought up ; yet they did not go to Parliament with separate Constitutions, but these were submitted to a provincial conference. That Provincial Conference deliberated upon those funda mental principles and submitted thom tc Parliament, for there were certain matters of detail in which the dioceses of Sydney and Goulburn took one course and the diocese of Newcastle took another. Subsequently the results of these deliberation? were legalised by means of a bill. He thought it would be advisable to take a 60incwhat similar course in the matter of thiB tribunal that was taken in obtaining the Constitution under which this Synod sat. The tribunal ordinance would be discussed on a broader basis by a Pro vincial than by a Diocesan Synod. Matters of very great importance would have to be decided by the tribunal, and for this reason he should like to see the question submitted to a Provincial Synod. One great advantage of having this matter determined by a Provincial Synod would be that there would be one uniform mode of proceeding in all tbe dioceses in the colony. In criminal, civil, and equity cases, one uniform practice prevailed in tho courts of law, except in the courts of India, the Cape, and the Provinoee of Canada ; and he thought there should be uniformity of practice in the ecclesiastical courts. If a different practice prevailed in the different dioceses, it was exceedingly likely that what would be considered venal in one diocese would be considered meritorious in another. One great objection to the ordinance itself was, that it did not provide for any appeal. It had been suggested to him that there were certain legal difficulties in the way of pro viding a court of appeal, hut it appeared to him that if tho Synod had power to create one tribunal, it had power to create another. A clergyman against whom the tribunal had declared would have the right to appeal to her Majesty in Council ; but the great expense would be an almost insuperable difficulty in the way of prosecuting 6ucb an appeal. With regard to the argument of Mr. Foster, that a Board of directors pos sessed the power to deprive their employers of office and emoluments, it seemed to him that that argu ment was more in faveor of his (Mr. Moreton's) view of the matter than it was in support of the view of the gentle men who used it. The Board of directors of a company were analoguUB to the Government, and it must be recol lected that each department was under the control of n minister or other officer, and if either of the subordinate officers had any grievance he, in the first instance, laid it before the head of the department, and if he did not obtain justice he then appealed to the Executive Council. In the same way he thought a clergyman condemned by the tri bunal should be allowed to appeal to the Provincial Synod. He intended to veto for the second rending of the bill, in order that it may go into committee and be amended so as to embody the views of tho majority of tho members of this Synod; but he should vote against the third reading, because he desired the matter to' be referred to the- Tic* I vincial 8ynod, and if the third reading were agrotfd to the bill would be carried and the tribunal established without appeal. If we did not allow the bill to go into committee lie thought it would be better to reject it altogether, because he thought it ought not to be sent to a Provincial Svnod in its present shape. It was necessary for them to comc to s^me decision on the matter, in order that the Provincial Synod might know what views were held on the subject by the majority of the members of this Synod. He desired to see the matter put into such a shape that the Provincial Synod might know cloarly what were the views of the members ef this Synod upon the question; but that no legislation in regard to it should take place until it had been under the consideratien of the Provincial Synod. The Rev. Dr. Tucker said he should certainly vote for the second reading of ihe Tribunal Ordinance. This ordinance wns not, 86 stated by Mr. Darley, to enable the Bishop to do something, to confer power upon hitn, to take power from him, or to compel him to punish ; nor was it tor the purpose of creating a coercive jurisdiction. It was proposed to refer tho matter to a Provincial Synod ; but what was the constitution of this so-called Provincial Sjnod? The title of 'Provincial Synod' was a* delusion and a sham in connection with a certain crpument. It was no true ecclesiastical Synod at ? oil. It was simply nn association of three dioceses in New Souih Wnles for certain separate and defined purposes. A purely ecclesiastical Synod was on association of all tho dioceses' within a metropolitan see. (Hear, hear.) Instead of dcoling with this matter themselves, it was proposed to send tbe question for decision to two smaller dioceses— to a Sjrxd composed of three Bishops, eighteen clergymen, and the snme number of laymen, the majority of whom would)be farmers from the Hunter and vignerons from the Murray, who were not interested in it, and who were in no wny so competent to deal with it as the standing committee of thiB Synod. The present Synod was as competent to deal with the matter ns any Synod could be, and it would be an insult to cvrrv diocese in New South Wales to refer it to the po-calkd Provincial Synod. The legal argument was that we had not the power to pass this tribunal, but that we should send it to another Synod. What he would suggest wes to negative by all mcaBS the amendment, but if they could not all agree upon the ordinance itself if a mnjority desired to postpone the matter, so as to have some matters connected with it put before them a little more clearly — lie should be prepored to vote with them to nega tive the second reading. At present the matter was in an unsatisfactory condition, and it was highly desirable to come to some determination in regard to it. We had recently had here a Bishop whose memory we justly revered, one whose sudden removal from amongst us by death from that high office for which he appeared to be so eminently qualified, had been felt to be the subject of uni versal regret, nnd a serious loss to the colony at large. To this Bishop, of whom he desired to speak with the greatest possible respect, we had given the title of Bishop of Grafton nnd Armidale, but that prelate's ecclesiastical position had not been so clearly defined as some appeared to suppose, as a suffragan Bishop, in connection with the Metropolitan Sec of Sydney. That Bishop had not taken any oath of canonical obedience to the Metropolitan Bishop here present. The oath he had taken was an oath of canonical obedience not to the see of Sydney, but to the see of Canterbury — he was properly not a Bishop of Grafton and Armidale, but a Bishop of the United Church of England and Ireland in Australia. Tbe fact was that the exact legal position of the suffragan Bishops in Australia as to the Metropolitan See in these parts was something that was yet very far from deter mined. Regarding the right, however, of the Church in each see to make all due regulation of their diocesan nflairs, there could be no doubt whatever, and no argument could reasonably be urged why that right ehould not be exercised. The regulation of the officers of the Church in that diocese by the Synod now in session was something which was clearly within their right, and they ought to be fully prepared to exercise it, nrespective of what might be the views of Churchmen and clergymen in the adjacent dioceses. And saying this, that he might not be misunderstood, he wished tosiya few words as tothe unity of action, which might or might not be possible to secure, and the general unity of the Church. The work of the Charch in the details of its diocesan character might be carried out in a very different manner in all the different dioceses of Australia, and the most perfect unitv of the Church be yet preserved as re garded doctrine, and all that was essential to their discipline. We might have every diversity of opinion as to the carrrying out of the work of the Church, and yet that diversity'might rather tend to general union in their com mon faith than otherwise. All the different dioceses hod iliis diversity, and all, he hoped, would maintain it, none proposing to infringe upon the liberty of the other in the management of its own concerns. In most other matters but this the reasonableness and equity of that principle seemed to be generally received and understood. During the whole of the discussion, for example, of the consti tution of the Cathedral which had recently taken place in that Synod, no question that he had heard, had been raised as to what were the steps which had been taken in regard to tbe establishment of cathedrals at Melbourne, at Adelaide, '-end at Hobart Town. No question had been asked here as to what had been done there in regard to the settlement of the Chapters there, nor did it seem like'y to be supposed that the common unity of the Church created any necessity whatever for unity in these things. It would bn ve excited a smile had it been urged by any one that any difference between what we agreed upon here and whit had been settled there would be the slightest inter ruption to the unity of the Church. We did not con sider our differences in such respects at all oi-posed to unity, nor did we inquire what had been done elsewhere. At Melbourne, provision had been made in their Chapter tor Archdeacons, and for the ' Chief Justiee in perpetuity;' arrangements which were reasonable enough there, but which would here, at Sydney, be thought altogether inappropriate. They could deal with matters which concerned themselves, and which other dioceses had already dealt with for themselves, and they ought to be prepared to do so. They weie quite competent to create a tribunal, although they could not create what was, properly speaking, a Court. They did not desire to do so. He called upon them to create the tribunal which they most certainly had the power to create, and he asked them not to stultify themselves by refusing to act for themselves— preferring virtually to go to tbe two smallest dioceses in Australia, and to defer to them, because certain lay and clerieal gentlemen were associated with their two Bishops, and because the assembly so deferred to had been dignified by the name of 'the Provincial Synod.' The Rev. Doctor was greeted with general cheering as he resumed his seat. The Rev. W. Stack thought it high time that they should confine their discussion to some recognised limit, as it had already taken a rather wide range. He intended to vote for the second reading of the ordinance, and should briefly state why he intended to do so. To him it appeared that the effect of the amendment would only be to postpone the consideration of the subject for a ' few months, and he thought that they ought to be prepared to deal with it at once. He f ulty appreciated the singular power and eloquence of the speech of the Rev. Dr. Tucker, but feared that it was calculated to confuse some minds as to what was now before the Synod. If it had been delivered at a later period in the consideration of Ihe bill, it would perhaps have been of greater practical utility. He dissented from the lino of argument which had been followed by Mr. Darley, and thought that the reasoning of that learned gentleman had taken a wrong direction. He seemed to him, throughout his speech, brilliant as it was, to have used the terms 'Courts' and ' Tribunals ' as if they were controvertible terms; and to have dwelt on ' coercive juris diction ' as if that were claimed under the ordinance. The standing committee had never dreamed of forming any such a Court. He had, he confessed, been impressed by sone of the arguments and difficulties presented by Mr. Darley, but Mr. Foster had cleared them all away. He made it all perfectly clear, and he (Mr. Stack) was quite satisfied with the state of the question as shewn, and their ability to pro ceed. Their duty was to carry out the Church of England here as well as they possibly could, making it as near as they could to what it was in England. The rev. gentleman went on to contend that the position was not correct, that the | Bishops in the ancient Church dil not consult with their . presbyterc. They did so always, and on all matters. The ' cistory of the ancient Church relied on ought to be read as | a whole, studied in all its parts. In reading it all the i different states of the Church, from aire to age, were to be considered. They appreciated tlie difficulties that existed, and saw the necessity that there was to remedy them. Evening Sitting. TllIHDNAL ORDINANCE. The Deak of Sydney stated that ho rose to support the sccond reading of the Ordinance, and to oppose the amend ment. He would remind the Synod that they had had the subject of a Tribunal Ordinance before them in one way or another for the la6t eleven years. The question was one of those which pressed itself upon the mind of the members of the Church before and at the time of the first conference, and in a draft ordinance submitted to the conference there was a clause providing that the Synod should have the power to establish a tribunal for the trial of I ecclesiastical offences. In the evidence taken before tbe Select Committee of the Legislative Council on that subject, it was stated to be the general wish of the clergy that such n tribunal should be established, and the Bishop of Sydney stated that he entirely concurred in the view, being desireue of obtaining relief from his invidious posi tion of being the sole trier of those who might be accused of ecclesiastical offences, and that it was desirable he should be assisted by the clergy and laity of the diocese. His Bonor the Chief Justice, who was also examined before that committee, stated that he did not coincide in all res|-ect£ with the Synod Bill adopted by the Conference ; but yet, among tbe objections he had, we did not find 'any reference to the clause intended to pro vide a tribunal ordinance for trying ecclesias tical offenders. We found, indeed, that his Honor accepted that clause with one reservation, and that was in reference to the proposal to give the tribunal the power of examining witnesses upon oath. This his Honor did not think desirable, and he thought also there should not be the power- of compelling attendance. The Chief Ju6tico wns therefore a witness in support of tho clause for tho establishment of a tribunal of tne nature of that now being considered. Then there was the evidence of the Chan cellor of tho diocese (Mr. A. Gordon), in which wc found nn expression of tbe general desire entertained by the members of tbe Conference for the establishment of such a tribunal. Then there was clear and indisputable testi mony thnt tho desire wns general among the clergy, and that the Bishop participated in it. There was agreement between the three bishops, as well as among the clergy and laity, that eich Diocesan Synod should have the power of ' establishing: a tribunal eip^&r; in character to that uow pro* posed lor this diocese. It not then Contemplated thai there should be a reference to a Provincial Synod. After the constitutions were agreed upon, the three dioceses ap plied to the Legislature fora bill to legalise them, and thus give to cach Synod the power of separate and independent nction with regard to this matter ; and he would aslc, Was there then Rny voice raised ogainet it ? Did any in or out of the Conference contend that there ehould be a reference to the Provincial Synod P Whence^, then, came this new light displayed by many or bis brethren. There appeared no more reason for it mw thnn there did three years ago, nnd he had not heard any sufficient ground for taking a course different from that adopted then. He agreed with Dr. Tucker, that it wns unnecessary and inexpedient in tho highest degree to refer this ordinance to the Provincial Synod. It would bo a confession of our incompetency to deal with the matter, and wr.uld lower the character and statuB of tho Synod before the community. It would present a similarity to school boys with a pioblem to solve going to their schoolfellows to' solve it for them. It would, too, be indirectly giving to the Provincial Synod a power ^ never intended to be conferred on it, ana which in the Conference was carefully guarded against. Thev constituted a provincial Synod merely as a body to which nppeals, end not qucbtions of tbis character, should be sub mitted. We were told the Tribunal Ordinance was antago nistic tothe prerogatives of the Bishop, and calculated to - deprive him of that which was inherent in his office, aud in support of tbat assertion reference was made to the prc fnee to our Prayer Book, which, they were told, was part of the Liturgy of the Church of England, binding upon all as clergymen. That passage, however, had no reference whatever to ihe matter, but 6imply referred to the interpre tation of the Rubric. Then his rev. friend (Mr. Palmer) in support of the views he entertained, also referred us to Bingham and the 'Curiosities,' ns they were called of ' Ecclesiastical History.' He (the Denn) had also refreshed his memory on the sub ject, and bad turned to Bingham to see how far his rev. friend wa6 borne out with regard to his view of those high prerogatives of the episcopal office. It appeared to him, when his rev. friend was quoting this writer, that Bingham was maintaining a clear and strong view of the office of Bishop, as distinguished from the office of Presbyter, when he said the Bishop never imparted to others the high prerogatives of his office to those of a lower order. With regard to presbyters, Bingham said they were called in by the Bishop as assistants, counsellors, or assessors. hat Bingham said with regard to the inherent rights of the episcopal office was perfectly consistent with what he said as to the presbyters being called in as counsellors and assistants. Tne arguments of his rev. friend (Mr. Palmer) went to show that the Bishop must do everything himself, and that he could not take them as counsellors or assessors in the trial of ecclesiastical offences, the gist of his argu ment being indeed to leave ttc episcopal office in the^ dan gerous position (as stated by Mr. Stack) in a later period of the Christian Church, nnd which led to corruptions which they all deplored. Hooker seemed to be much of the same opinion as Bingham, for he spoke of the Bishop and Presbytery together governing the Church, and of their being counsellors end assistants to the Bishop, and as a case in point he referred to Cynprian, who had asserted his determination to do nothing of his' own judgment without the counsel of the presbyters, and the consent of the people. Therefore, the rev. gentleman's reference to Bingham and Hooker did not carry all the weight he attributed to them. It was the practice of the primitive Church for the clergy and laity to become counsellors of the bishop, and they were invited to assist him in the exercise of his office in matters of great moment to the Church, and he held that this wns in strict accordance with holy Scripture. Why should this ordinance be sent tothe Provincial Synod ? If it needed amendment it could be amended in committee. Under its operation, the Bishop would still have his rightful posi tion. He was to be President of the tribunal, would pro nounce the sentences, and it was clearly and convincingly shown by Mr. Foster that those who were called in to assist the Bishop were in a position analogous to that of a jury who tried criminal ana civQ cases brought before them. The Bishop would in no way be divested of his proper pre rogative by such a tribunal. It should not be forgotten that we lived in the nineteenth century, and had had ex perience of past ages to guide us in the matter ; and when we were told that the tribunal ordinance was contrary to the fundamental laws and prin ciples of the Church of England, he must take leave to question such an assertion in face of the fact that the clergy of the Church of England at home, when com mitting ecclesiastical offences, were tried under an Act wliich had been framed in the present 'reign, the Church Discipline Act having been passed by the British Parlia ment in 1840. It was to be supposed that this repealed all previous Acts for the trial of ecclesiastical offenders, and that the experience of past ages was brought to bear on the question when the Act was under consideration. Under such favourable circumstances it was found that such a mode as that now proposed was the best for dealing with such offences, and he should rather be guided by the experience, learning, and ecclesiastical wisdom of the Mother Church than by any ' Ecclesiastical Curiosities' that might be dug up by those who searched into old books having reference to the early davs. He contended that this diocese was capable of managing its own affairs, that it pueht to do so, ana that it would be guilty of a dereliction iof duty if it did not do so. They were perfectly capable of dealing with this question now. He wished in conclusion to say that, in justice to the diocesan, who desired to be relieved from the invidious position in which by present ? law he was placed, in justice to the diocese which for many years had sought the establishment of such a tribunal for the trial of ecclesiastical offences, to promote the peace of th« Church, and to satisfy those who held doubts on the question, he earnestly trusted this Synod would allow th* ordinance to go to a second reading, and that eventually it would become the law of the Church in tbis diocese. Mr. W. Barker regarded the question as this— was the statement contained in the preamble, as to tbe desirability of establishing euch a tribunal, true, or were the clergy content with the present state of things, and required no alteration ? If the amendment were carried, it would have practically the same eflect as if the previous question had been passed in the negative; it . would, in fact, shelve the question. All that the amendment purported to do was to have further discus sion on the matter, and contemplated that it be referred to the Provincial Synod, not for the purpose of making pro vision for the tribunal, but for forther deliberation, by a body composed exactly of the same elements as this Synod, clergy ana laity. If it was considered an inherent right of the bishop to act without assistants, of what avail was it tbat tbe Synod was now met together. To come to the matter more immediately under discussion, were they satisfied with the present state of things, or did they desire to have some tribunal ? He submitted that all those who desired to have some tribunal should vote against the amendment, because if they adopted the amendment they would thereby throw out the bill. If the bill were passed, the clergy would have every safeguard provided for them thattbe clergy in England had, except the compul sory bringing in of witnesses and the power to administer on oath. We had no power to administer an oath, but in that respect we were in the same position as every other Church. The learned gentleman then proceeded to read extracts from the Church Discipline Act of England, and to compare its provisions with those of the bill before the I Synod, pointing out that in England an offending clergy- , man was tried publicly, asd hence, no matter how inno cent he may be, ran the risk of having his character irre parably ruined ; here the inquiry wouli not he public. Also that ample provision was made for goring notice to the clergyman against whom a charge was preferred of the in tention to make an inquiry. Every proviso to secure justice I to the clergy had been provided for. In England the as I sessorswere appointed by the bishop ; here the clergyman I would select his own triers. Moreover, he would have the ; privilege of appearing personally before the assessors or . ! being heard by an advocate. The English Act had been . ! closely followed in framing this bill, and where | there was any difference, the difference nad been made ! in favour of those who would come under its operation. Under the present state of things, the Bishop may cite a clergyman to appear before him at Bishopscourt, or the Registry Office ; the Bishop may call upon him to show I cause why his license should not be withdrawn ; and the whole matter was entirely in the hands of the Bishop, I from whose decision there was no appeal. His hon. friend Mr. Darley had unintentionally misled the Synod in some respects. That learned gentleman contended that we had no power to create a tribunal of the kind sought to be established ; but if he had read the judgment delivered in the case of Long v. the Bishop of Capetown, he would have seen that a Synod constituted as this was, was fullv com petent to form such a tribunal. It had been argued that it was not expedient to pass this ordinance, but to refer it to another body to talk over it ; but this body alluded to would not only talk over it, but would moke a final determination in regard to it, as it was entitled to do under its constitution. We could not refer it to tbat body with the expectation that they would talk over it and refer it back to this Synod again, for each diocese to act differently. With regard to the unanimity that was said to be desirable in the difierent dioceses, it would be seen upon reference to the ordinance that a diversity of practice was specially provided for. It was not at all likely that unarainity would flow from this proposed reference to a Provincial Synod. In framing this ordinance the fraoiers had sought to provide for carrying out the discipline of the Church in strict conformity with the laws of the Church of England. The ordinance had not been prepared at the instance of laymen^ but in compliance with tho clamours of tho clergy, and if they now adopted the amendment it would be said tbat the clergy wero satisfied with the present state of things, and that they had £ot rid of the ordinance by a side wind. If the Synod desired to have a tribunal they should agree to the second reading, end they would have the assistance of those members of the legal profession who were present to make it as perfect as possible in committee, and he felt certain that the Chancellor would give hit best attention to every suggestion that might be made to him. The Rev. G. N. Woodd said he c-bjected to the ordinance in every point of view in which it could be con sidered. No Court of Appeal was provided, there was no power of compelling the attendance of witnesses, nor any power of punching perjury ; it dethroned tho Bishop and made him an executioner. (Laughter.) He had come to I Sydney purposely to vote against it, and he should do all he could to prevent its passing. Mr. Wilkinson said he should vote against the amend ment, although ho was hardly preparea to support the second reading of the ordinance. It would be aoaurd to adopt the amendment. Tho Provincial Synod would bo superior to this Synod, and it would be absurd to suppose that that Synod would consider the question and then send it back to an inferior Synod for determination. There had bceu three decisions on the Church at Engtahd in tho colonies, and the first and second of these decisions bad been, so to Bpeak, destructive of th) opinion of Churchmen on the position of the Church in the colonies ; the third had been, so to speak, construc tive. The only question in considering tbis tribunal was, whether it is contrary to the law of the Church of England, and opposed to the ordinary rules of justice. If it was in accordance with the laws of that Church, and with those ordinary rules, the argument of Mr. Darloy, that they could not create such a tribunal, fell to the ground. The very judgment that Mr. Darley badrclied upon, recognised sucha fervm domnticum in the hands of the Bishop. It could not avtid doiog so. Now it was clearly desirable that there should be some machinery by which the power so existent in the hands of the Bishop might be conveniently exercised, rnd a scandal such as that which had existed in Natal be effectually prevented. It was only sought by this change, that the jurisdiction of the Bishop, emstent in that officer in the Church, might best be carried into effect. Perhaps a power of appeal, such ns had not been provided by the ordinanoe. might be conceded by the Imperial Parliament if askoa for ; and, pending the issue of any attempt to obtain th*t power, it might perhaps bo a question whether it would not bo expedie nt to postpone irny legislation in this colony on the subject. The state of the Church of Ireland at home with regard to the Church of England was alao such as to mnkc it a matter of consideration whether it would not be better to defer any nction for the present. There were other considerations which looked tho same way. The Rev. Thomas Smith rose to support tho principle of the amendment, and thought the best way that he could support that principle would be to vote for the second reading of the bill. Except the Rev. G. N. Woodd evciy clerical member of that Synod was in favour of the establishment of such a tribunal. Ho had not hoard a single argument ngainst the ordinance. The objection that an nppeal wns not provided thereby, was one of no force ; because if there was any right of appeal the non-provision for it here would not take away that right. He denied that tbe jurisdiction over tbe presbyters was left, as the Rev, Mr. Lumsdaine thought it was, or ought to be, in the hands of the Bishop. The Rev. George King said he should vote for tho ordinance now before them as a whole. Thero was a Mioditicntion or two in it, which he should like to seo made, but he supposed that such alteration would be made in it in committee. In regard to the objection about the appeal, he would remind members of the Synod that the constitution did, in effect, provide that the same right of nppeal should lie which existed at present. He suggested ihut nn appeal should lie to the Provincial Synod. [The Rev. Mr. Gvhney: What Synod r] He should certainly vote for the second reading of the ordinance. Mr. R. Jones thought that the Synod wore under very great obligations to Mr. Darley for the verv masterly speech mode by him lost night. He hnd listened to it with great pleasure and profit, and felt personally obliged to that gentleman. Mr. Darley had contended that the Synod had no power to create any coercive jurisdiction, and in this he (Mr. R, Jones) fully concurred. That Synod had no j-owers outside what had been given to them by statute, and the Synod had no power to exercise any coercive jurisdiction whatever. He held this, but he did not agree in the conclusion to which Mr. Darley had arrived. Although the Letters Patent did not give coercive jurisdiction, it was clear to him that they had a right to ibis Court of triers. The triers would simply put the Bishop in the wsy of exercising powers not to be given by tbis ordinance, but already given by him by the Legisla ture. There was no power and no endeavour to deprive the Srcsbyters of any rights they possessed, and he thought Ir. Darley had hardly studied the ordinance itself with sufficient care or he would have observed that it did not seek to erect a court or coercive jurisdiction, or to impair the right of appeal to the common law Courts of the country, or to those beyond. The Dean had conclusively shown the inapplicability of the quotation made by the Rev. Mr. Palmer from the Preface te the Prayer Book, and as to the authority of Bingham and Hooker however high, there was an authority higher, and he maintained that the existing law of the Church of England and Ire* land was more binding upon us than even tbe practice of the Primitive Church. In reference to the ordinance itself its effect was simply to give to the Presbytery of the Churoh of England of this diocese the protection which all British subjects enjoyed in the Courts of law ; and it would be diflicult to find a body of triers who would really be less open to exception ; they would be the chosen men of this Synod. The tribunal which would be created under this ordinance would be superior to that which exists. . Why should the ordinance be referred to the Provincial Synod, which had no larger powers than this? and he could bot understand why, if we had not the legal power to pass the ordinance, it should t-e pent to a Synod with less legal power. . The Provincial Synod would be constituted of the same elements as thc-conference which pronounced an opinion on the clause which gave power to each diocese to establish such tribunals as that provided for in this ordinance. He thought too this Synod was better qualified to decide upon this question than the Provincial Synod, and he objected to handing over to that Synod questions which we were entitled to decide and as competent to decide as they were. ^Entertaining these views he should support the second reading. . In explanation Mr. Darley said he had contended that -neither this Synod nor the Provincial Synod had power to pass this ordinance, but said that if he was mistaken in this view then he held the Provincial Synod was more fitted to deal with it. The Chancellor, in reply to someof -the arguments of Mr. Darley, maintained that the Synod had the power to pass this ordinance ; and, in exercising it, was not going beyond the authority conferred upon it by the Constitution nnd by the Act whioh affected that Constitution. The 'ordinance did not, as the learned gentleman conceived, create a Court or coercive jurisdiction, or seek to enable the i Bishop to suspend or deprive a clergyman of his license. 5 We were just in the same position ob early bishops : of tbe Christian Church; and, in this colony, no Bishop had had coercive jurisdiction. The Synod was asked to do that which the Constitutions enabled it te do, and contemplated being done. The object of the ordinanoe was to form a machinery for inquiring into any alleged offences committed by a clergy man, instead of an inquity being made by tho Bishop himself. He hoped the Synod would deoide to-night whether they would have the tribunal or not. To send it to the Provincial Svnod for the members of that body to talk about it and then send it back to this Synod, was a course which he trusted the Synod would have more wisdom than to agree to. This Synod had had tbis matter under consideration during the last eighteen months, and knew something about it ; and he thought it was high time that some determination should be arrived at in regard to it, without waiting for the diocese of Goulburn or Newcastle either. (Hear, hear.) He concluded by urging upon the Synod the propriety and the necessity of rejecting the amendment of Mr. Palmer, and affirming the second reading of the bill. The Rev. J. C. Corlette, amid cries of 'Time,' rose to support the amendment. He disagreed entirely with the Rev. Dr. Tucker in that gentleman's remarks on the character of the Provincial Synod. He thought the opinion of that body would be most valuable to this Synod in coming to a decision on this question. The rev. gentleman concluded by reading some extracts from Lord Remily'B judgment, to show that a changc ot discipline might load to a change of doctrine, and might result in a large jiumber of people disconnecting themselves from tho Church. The President said it appeared to him that there had been an entire misapprehension of the question before the Synod. It seemed to be forgotten that the Bishop-had the power to delegate what power he possessed, and would only be a delegation of his powers to others. The only difference would be that, instead of being' tried by ecclesiastics, an offending clergyman would be tried by laymen. He considered that the tribunal which it was intended to bring into existence was simply to defihe the mode by which an offending clergyman should be tried ; and the tribunal itself was in strict analogy with existing institutions at home. With regard to the effect of the amendment, it would, if agreed to, defeat the object they had in view. It would, in his opinion, be very ungracious not to allow this ordinance, which had been carefully prepared by the standing committee, to go to , a second reading. He did not *hinlr that the tribunal shotild be brought into existence by a Provincial Synod, and he, for one, as a member of that Provincial Synod, should refuse to entertain it, and he should recommend the pres byters and clergy not to waste their time on a question on which they coma come to no practical determination. He hoped, therefore, they would in the clearest possible manner sanction the second reading. The question was then put, — ' That the words proposed to be omitted stand part of the question*'* The Synod divided with the following result; — Ayes— 18 clergy ; 35 laymen. Noes — 12 clergy ; 5 laymen. Majority— By the clergy. 6 ;. by the laymen, 30. The amendment was, therefore, lost. Mr. Darley claimed his right to move the previous, question. Mr. R. Jones, as a matter of order, contended that tho previous question could not be put. The question was then put, 'that the Ordinance be read: a second time,' and the motion was agreed to without division. The Ordinance was reada second time, and the committal ordered to stand an order of the day for Monday next. The Synod, adjourned at a quarter to 11 o'clock, until Monday evening next, at 7 o'clock. Monday, 17th Augu6t. The President took tbe chair at 7 o'clock in the evening*. minutes. The minutes ef the preceding meeting wore read and; signed by the Tiesident. questions. The Rev. Percy J. Smith asked,— ' 1. What amount; has been allotted to the Church of England in the dioceso of Sydney for religious purposes (as distinguished from educational) from the Church and School Estatcs-Revenuo for the year 1867 ? 2. What amount has. been so allotted for the same year from tho Unexpended, Balances of tho , Church end School Estates Revenue V* Tho President, in answer to these- questions, said : The I sharo of the diocese of Sydney of the Church and School Estate for 1867 U £1191 6s. 9d. ; and tho advances made in 1867 ere £390 ; and the balance available is £801 on. The appropriation of tho sum of £801 fis. Od. has boen made and the money distributed. . . ? w-iiw The Rev. T. Haydes asked,-' Arc tbo clergy justified In administering an affidavit to Por»°° to be married other Oxm tkat required ly *0 Mumag. The Chancellor, to reply Mi.a' a surrogate, was, in bis opuuofl, jusww w w« rifctering on Affidavit to pmont applying U bo jnamod other than or in addition to that required by the Marriage AMr. E. G. Ward,—1 'Ib it fa accordancc -with Iho WActicc of rerliament for the President to address the Synod after a debate ie dofted P If bo, ehould euch address he delivered Crom the chair f' The Chaibman op Committees, at the request of the Prcfiident, replied : Tho President is entitled to address the Synod upon any question at any time before the ques tion jhoB been put, and the 8th Standing Order is deci fcivc nn to h'B rigut to toko part in the discussion without leaving tbe chair. PETITIONS. The Rev. O. 3. Gvnther presented a petition from the churchwardens of 6t. John's, Parramatta ; and Mr. F* - 'Wilson prepontcd a petition from the churchwardens of fit. Stephen'*), Newtown — each against the parochial atBosi xnent in commutation of marriage licetse fees* i The petition* were received. j NOTICE OF MOTION, The Rev. Dr. TrcxEit gave notice of motion,—' That tho Right Reverend the Lord Hisbop of Sydney, Metropo litan, bo most respectfully requested to communicate to the Right Reverend the Archbishop of Canterbury, Metropo politen, Tbat, in tho opinion ot tbe synod of the diocese of 6ydney, it is doiruble and neccs6ary, for tho establishment of a pyelcm of ecclesiastical dificipline in Australia. that any bishop consecrated to any diocese in Awlralia should i take an oath of canonical obedience to the Metropolitan of Australia.' ECCLEBIAfiTICAL STATISTICS. Mr. A. Stvakt laid upon the table occlcsiaatical Btatis iice, being a idtun to order and prepared by the Standing Committee. ELECTION COMMITTEE. The Hev. H. 6. Kino brought up aroport from the Election Committee on the Shoalhaven election, stating the committee to be cf opinion that the clergyman licensed for Shoalhaven not having complied with the requirements of the 8th constitution, the election was invalid. The report was received. TltmUNAL ORDINANCE. The Synod resolved itself into a committee of the whole for the consideration of the tribunal ordinance in detail. Tverdav, 18tii Axjourt. The President took the chair at half -past 3 o'clock in the afternoon. MINUTES. The minutes of the preceding mooting wero read by the Clerical Secretary, and signed by tho President. J'EKBONAI, EXPLANATION. Tho Rev. Dr. Tucker referring to a letter (published in this day's Herald) by Mr. Charles Campbell, Chancellor of the dioceao of Goulburn, said ho was desirous of pointing out eoiue unintentional miprcprceentationsof his remarks in the , dif cuebion of tho Tribunal Ordinance. Whatever might be the principles of tho religious denominations mentioned in that letter he had nothing at all to do with Ihcm, nor had he referred to them, but his own views is expressed Ly him were quite consistent with the Articles and teaching of the Church of England. Of the Diocesan Synods of Goulburn end Newcastle he had said nothing, nor did he say anything whatever insultingly or scornfully of tho laymen who might be members of the Provincial Synod of New South Wales. He did say they might include vigncronsfrom tho Hunter, and flock masters from the Murray, who might not bo so well qualified to deal with tho question as the standing com mittee of (his Synod. lie said it would not be a metro politan provincial synod, and that wc ought not to submit diocesan matters to any other Synod than our own* TRIBUNAL ORDINANCE. Pursuant to order of the day, the Synod resolved itself into Committee of the Whole, for the further consideration of the ordinance in detail. Tlie several clauses wero discussed, and progress was re ported at 10 o'clock, when the Synod adjourned till Wed nesday. Wednesday, August 19th. The President took the chair at half-past 3 o'clock. minutes. The minutes of tho preceding meeting were read and signed by the President. FAPEIIB. Mr. A. Stuart brought up a copy of accounts from the standing committee. QrE6TION6. . I The following questions were on the paper in the name * of 1he Rev. R. S. Willis : — '1. Can the ICth clause be i applied to parishes within the diocese of Sydney ? 2. Can 1 meetings for the election of representatives be held dmul- j taneonsly at Shoalhaven and UiladtUla P 3. Can a meeting j for the election of representatives held at Shoalhaven be i adjourned to Ulladulla, or nice vers&t; if any voter present i object to such adjournment ? 4. In the case either of simultaneous meetings or of an adjourned meeting, suppos ing that different candidates have majorities in each place, how is the election to be determined ? 6. If the election of representatives for Shoalhaven and other parishes which arc now or may hereafter become similarly circumstanced cannot be conducted under tho application of the lGth clause, nor by simultaneous meetings, nor by meetings ad journed from one place to the other, if any voter present at the meeting at the first place object, in what way is tho election of representatives to the Synod for such parishes provided for in the constitutions of the Synod ? ' The Chancellor stated that he was not prepared to answer; nor did he think he should be called upon to an swer questions involving points of law in reference to particular alleged circumstances in a particular parish, an-L as a rule, he should decline to reply to them, out he should be happy to afford Mr. Willis privately all the information on the subject in his power. The first question he would answer to-morrow. ELECTION COMMITTEE. The Rev, H. S. Kino moved the adoption of the report brought up from the election committee. This report, ho explained, had refercface to the election for Shoalhaven, which included two churches, one at Shoalhaven, the other at Ulladulla, and said that the clergyman lioeuped fur the district of Shoalhaven, although having summoned tho members of the cihurcli at Shoalhaven, did not summon those at Ulladulla. The committee reported the election of Mr. William Norton, under these orcumstances, to be invalid. After a few explanatory remarks from the 'Rev. R. S. Willib, the motion was put and agreed to. TERBONAL EXPLANATION. Mr. W. Barker, by way of personal explanation, said last evening a member of the Synod charged him, as Chair man of Committees, with discourtesy, because he had expressed a certain opinion on a certain matter of order. ;Mr. E. B. Dockeh said ho did not charge the chairman ?with discourtesy, but the committee of the whole, and he held that the opinion given was wrong as well as uncalled for. _Mr. Barker accepted tho disclaimer personally, but it was a matter of small importance. An amendment had been moved on tho 8tn clause of tho tribunal ordinance, and was seconded and spoken to by several members, and at this stage Mr. Docker asked for the Withdrawal of Mr. Tidal's amendment, in order that he might propose a prior amendment. This courso ho held to he out of order, but said Q6 tho same indulgence had been allowed to others'it might be permitted in this ins tan oe, although in future he snould rule it out of order. He had since looked into tho law of Parliamont, and found that he had expressed his opinion in almost tho same language as that used by May. Mr. E. B. Docker contended that, according to the authority of May, ho was in order, as Mr. Vidal had con sented to withdraw his amendment. PRE6BXTATI0N TQ VACANT PARISHES ORDINANCE. The Dean of Sydney moved the second reading of this ordinance, and. in doic£ so, thought it might be as -well for him to recall to the remembranoe of the Synod a motion made by the Rev. Mr. Stack to tho effect that it was expedient to inquire in what ?way the presentations to incumbencies should be regulated, and that the matter should be referred to the standing committee. The Bubjcct was taken into consideration by tho standing committee. A sub-committoc was appointed to consider the matter, and a report was .hrougut up. The ordinance was prepared, and introduced , to the Synod at its last session, it passed its second read ! ing, but owing to the closing of tho session somewhat early it was thrown out, Tho standing committeo had again during tho rcccss taken the matter into consideration, and had emended tho ordinance, which in its amended form they now submitted to the Synod. Members would soe that tho ordinance, ns it now appeared, differed from that for merly presented, but its object waB the same, and it was intended to meet some difficulties with rogard to tho nomi nation of incumbcnts. Whenever the incumbcncv of n parish was vacant, application was made to the Bishop to appoint a clergyman, and it rested entirely with ' Ins lordship to make the appointment. Under the present state of things in the Church tho stipends of clergymen were not, as formerly, paid by the State, but by tho contributions of tho people. It was therefore desirable that some alteration in the mode of appointing incumbents should be made, so that the people snould have a larger voice in tho matter than they now had, There were threo different modes of presentations proposod in thiB ordinanco in oil ordinary cases. It was proposod that a bourd of nominators should be elected by Ihe Synod, to make presentations ,* orthat aboard of nominators should be appointed to consist of the churchwarduns of the parish, ?and four pur6ons oloclcd by the parishioners ; or that tho prcF.entanon should bo loft entirely in flic hinds of tho Sisbop. Thero was to be a board elccted by tho Synod, j which board was to have the right of presenting in the case , of a vacant incumbency. A parish, however, might wish to bave a more immediate voice in the matter, nud it was . provided that each parish, when electing its representatives io the Synod, should also elect four persons, members of tho Church, residents in tho dioecsc and commimfc mt-= of the Church, to bo designated nominators, and unite with tho churchwardens In nominating* tlie clergyman. It was therefore proposed that thero should bo two byarJs, and that , a parish could chooso oithor bourd to act for it in tho xsaso of a vacanoy in an incumbency. Tho secoud chuse of iho ordinance provided that 'At the meeting which shall ho bold in any parish or ecclesiastical district, except as here inafter mentioned for the election of representatives to a sow Synod, the electors present may, if they desiro so to do, .determine whether in tho event of a vacancy occurring in tho incumbenoy of tho parish or district beforo tho declioB *-f representatives to tho next Synod, tho appoint ment of the clergyman shall vest absolutely in tho Bishop, or shall vest in tho Synod Board cf Nominators, or shall vest in a Hoard of Nominators to be constituted by tho parish or district as hereinafter provided. And the chair- ,i jnap of thp Hwaptjpg shall communicate such determination to the Bishop, and the said determination shall bo binding on tlie j arif-h or district until the next meeting for electing rfpro*i-tatives to a new Synod. But if the electors at any toich n eeting shall not determine as aforesaid, then tbe right of appointment, in the event of a vacancy so occurring es ofcicsAid, shall remain and be as it exists at the time of the pbssing of this ordinance.' The vacancies were to be filled up by the nominators, but unless it were filled up within two months, the right of presentation was to vest in the standing committee. Thus it would be seen there were three modes of nominating a clergyman. He ctuld be nominated either by the Board of the Synod or by the parochial Board, or by the Bishop acting accord ing to the best of bis judgment and upon his own responsi bility. Re (the Dean) desired to draw the attention of the Syn- d to the fifth clause, as follows : — ' In the event of a vaennev occurring in the incumbency of a parish or dis trict which has determined that the appointmont of the clergyman shall vest in the Synod Board of Nominators, or of a vacancy occurring in a parish or district which has ! deteimincd that tho appointment of a clergyman shall vest i in a Board of Nominators constituted by tbe parish or dis trict as hereinbefore mentioned, the Bishop shall causo tho I Board of Nominators in which the appointment is vested | to be informed of such vacancy, and the said Board (a majority of the members of the Board being held to bo tho | Board) shall thereupon, without delay, present to the | Bishop a duly ordained clergyman, being in the Holy Order of Priesthood, to be appointed by the Bishop to the ; said incumbency, and tbe Bishop shall appoint and license | such clcrcyman to the said incumbency, unless he shall be 1 satisfied that there is prood and sufficient reason for refusing to accept the presentation so made to him as aforesaid.*' He believed this clause would provide for the beneficial working of other puts of the ordinance, and though some persons might be of opinion that too large a power was here given to the Bishop, he would point out tbat it was in ac cordance with the principles of our Church. If the Bishop declined the presentation first made, the Board could make others, so long as they did eo within six months. If they failed to do so within six months^ the right of making the presentation lapsed, and the appointment was to be made by the Bishop alone. The next clause of the ordinance said tbat it should not apply to parishes where a stipend of £300 could not be raised for the clergyman. This was the minimnm standard of provision to no made for a clergy men, and the declaration that such was the ease, would lead parifehes to work up thereto. The responsibility of appointing clergymen to parishes at present rosted in the hands of tho Bishop. It was so in England until vciy lately. It was supposed that in a colony like thiB some persons, might be desirous of building churches or endowing tbem, and of handing down thereby to future generations u record of their desire to do honour to God ; and it was cnacted that a person who built or endowed a church to the amount of £300 per year, should htivcthc right of the first presentation to it, and that a person who both built and endowed a church should have tbe right of making presentations to it whenever a vacancy occurred. Some persons- had thought that some extension of ihe privilege should be provided for. Hewever, he was unwilling to detain the Synod by dwelling upon these details, and having introduced the subject, hs would leave the Sjnod (a deal with it. He hoped it would be consi dered as carefully as its vast importance deserved, for there was no doubt that upon the character of our clergymen the welfare of our Church depended. He believed that all the parishes would be bcnefitcd'by such a measure as this, nnd that it would produce results that would tend largely to tbe well- being of tho Church, He moved the second reading of the ordinance. Mr. Alexander Stuart seconded the motion. The Rev. H. S. King supported the motion with great cordiality, but he rose for the purpose of directing atten tion to the 5th clause of the ordinance, which he considered involved a matter of principle which, unless it was amended, wou'd actually be contrary to the spirit of the whole of this ordinance. It seemed that this ordinance was intended to meet the power of the purse, and set at rest some difficulties that arose as to the appointment of clergy. The bill was introduced to satisfy a desire to obtain a fair adjustment of the claims preferred to control in the Church. A glance at the condition of the Chnrch at home, and a consideration of the circumstances of the Church here, would convince anyone that the right of point blank refusal to appoint a clergyman presented should rest with the Bishop. In England such a refusal could only be given in a case where the person presented was of bad moral character, and the allegation must be made and proved. Here, however, a bishop might decline to appoint without assigning any reason whatever, except that in his own mind he did not approve of the nominee. It was said that the power of patronage in England had given rise to abuses in the Church, but such abuses could net arise here. He thought it wouM be most dangerous to suppose that the power of the ! puree would control anything that we might do in this \- matter. He objected to the power of refusal given to the 1 Bishop in clause 5, and he believed that clause was opposed to the whole spirit of the ordinance. We had not the some security here as in the mother country. It would be quite possible for a bishop to get all those of his own way of thinking to fill vacant incumbencies, but in England that could not be done to any great extent. Wc had not the n er of appointing curates as they had in England, nor we the power of appointing them from other parishes. For these reasons we should be cautious before we admitted any such principle as was contained in this 5th clause. In Lis opinion the bill, if passed as it stood, would Btultify itself, and he therefore hoped that it would be amended in the particular he had pointed out. The President wished to ask the Rev. Mr. H. S. King in what part of the ordinance he found it stated that the clergyman must have held a license in the diocese before he could' be nominated nnd appointed under this measure ? The Rev. H. S. King was aware that there was no such proviso ; but in the amendment which he proposed to move, »uch an arrangement was contemplated by him. 'J he Rev. W. Stack should support the ordinance, but he thought it might require some amendments. He depre cated, however, any present discussion of any particular clause as premature. Mr. J. C. Raymond also supported the ordinanoe, and expressed his great admiration for its provisions, whereby, when a vacancy occurred, all hurried proceedings in the way of an election would be happily obviated. He had seen the benefit which such an ordinance as this might be expected to confer, from what he had observed in another diocese. The Rev. George Vidal was favourable to the ordi nance, and agreed with his friend the Rev. Mr. Stack, in thinking that it would be most undesirable for thom, at that period of the proceedings, to enter into any discussion of the clauses of the ordinance. At the same tunc he must express his opinion that if ihe latter proviso in the 5th clause were to bo omitted, some safeguard of a like cha racter oueht to be provided. It was not to be supposed that, in anything that the Synod might do, there was ever any intention to trench upon the proper rights and prero gatives of the Bishop. It ought to bo left to tho Bishop, on all occasions, freely to excrcisc the rights of his sacred office. If that principle were not to be carefully borne in mind in this instance, as in others, the result might be ?that we should be inundated with fictitious clergymen, nnd sutler other serious inconveniences. The Rev. P. J. Smith hoped that the clause referred to would be amended, and should be prepared to support it if it were so. The question was then put, the bill road a second time, and the committal ordered to stand an order of the day for to-morrow. THEOLOGICAL LIBRARY. The Rev. R. H. Mayne moved, pursuant to notice, — 11 That a select committee be appointed by the Synod to inquire into the state of the Theological Library of this diocese, and to framo rules and regulations for the manage ment of the libraiy, making it generally available to the clergy and laity of the diocese ; and that the select com mittee consist of the following gentlemen : — The Rev. William Stack, the Rev. Alfred H. Stephen, the Rev. J. C. Corlette, the Rev. Z. Barry, the Rev. Thomas Hor ton, tho Rev. Percy J. Smith, end the mover.' He had already addressed the Synod on the subject, and should therefore have uttlo further to add. He had in his hand a copy of the rules for the regu lation of tho library, which had been drawn up the Rev. Mr. Allwood, and must say that he thought them a very valuable basis for future action. (Hear, hear.) He thought it was dear, from the oonstitution of the library, that it was intended to be for iho use of the laity as well as for that of tho clergy. The Dean of Sydney seconded the motion. The Rev, W. Stack thought that some laymen ought to be placed on the list of the committee. It appeared to i him that thero was a great want of books of reference in the I library. If the library were managed as it ought to be, he bad no doubt but that there would be a great and valuable addition to their stock of beoks. Sumo discussion then took place on tho subject, the pro posed members of the committee ; the Rev. Mr. Moreton wishing the Rev. W. C. B. Cave, of St. James, to be on : the committee. It was found not to be possible to place the name of that gentleman there, because lie was no longera | me mbcr of tho Synod. I The President pointed out that tho library was, in the ! efiktefil sense of the word, a clerical library, and, therefore, j could not be lent to any lawmen. With regard to the Rev. I Mr. Cave, that gentleman would, doubtless, bo a very | voluablo addition to the committcc, and ho, in common with | all present, regretted that that rev. gentleman could not at I present bo so Appointed. The timo might come, and that I speedily, when by tho operation of the ordinance which had been that day read a second time, tho Bo v. Mr. Cave might be a member of that Synod, and when he was the committcc would have a very valuiblo coadjutor in their labours. The motion was put and agreed to. MANAGEMENT OF CHURCH PROPERTY, ETC. Mr. E. B. Docker roso to move, — 14 1. That it is ex pedient lo make hotter provision for tlie collection manage ment and disposal of Chui oh property revenues and moneys within tho aiocesc. 2. That tho standing committee be requested to prepare an ordinance for the purpose of giving effcct to the foregoing resolution. 3. That in tho opinion of this Synod euch orainanco should be founded upon tho following principles a. Tho paymont of a certain propor tion of all moneys raised for general ecclesiastical purposes flu'oughout tho diocese into n general diocesan fund under the management nnd oontrol of the Synod, b. The pay ment out of such general diocesan fund of tho stipends of all the clergymen of tho diocese licensed to cures or souls.' Tho mover said there were several reasons in favour of theso resolutions being introduced iu committee, but his endeavour to obtain a discussion in committeo had been overruled. They directly affected the constitution and opera tions of tho Church Sooiety. At tho last annual meeting of that Booiety two things must havo struck all who listened to tho proceedings— the great and noblo work perform dd by i the Eociety, but also that it left a largo amount of work ' devolving upon it untouched, its means being very inade quate to the demands. The purport of tlie first of these resolutions appeared to be fully admitted in the society's report, in which it was urged that there was much room for a more general and liberal support of the society to enable it to carry on its operations, and that a more effi cient organisation was required for raising funds. At the same time, the Bishop, in his address to the Synod, expressed a'i opinion that the clergy were not sufficiently remunerated a d tbat it waB his intention to ask for a consideration of that subject. But all the failings of the society did not appear in the report ; there was a long list of applications for the extension of the ordinances of religion in the interior wiih which the society had not been able to comply. By the Church Society's report, and l»y whit had ta Ion from tbe Bishop, it was indeed quite clear that there was a necessity for more vig«rouA and systematic aid. | The work the society was doing properly belonged to the i whole Church as assembled in 6ynod, and was in fact being done by the Synod through the agency of the Church Society. The timo, however, had arrived for the Synod to take the work into its own hands, because the Church Suriety was merely a voluntary association, and merely partial in its operations not extending to the whole Church. The Synoid should have the control of all moneys raised for ecclesiastical purposes throughout the dioccfe, being a body representing and having the con fidence of the parishioner?, and also being entrusted by its constitution with that duty. He then asked tbe Synod to give lo tho standing committee the duty of preparing an ordinance to cany out such a scheme as that he had shown to be requisite. The third resolution provided the principled upon which such an ordinance should be founded, namely, the payment of a ccrtain proportion of all moneys raised for general ecclesiastical purposes into a general diocesan fund, under the control of the Synod, and the payment out of *ucb fund of the stipends of all the clergy of the diocese Tbe establishment of a general fund would bring home to laymen more forcibly that they were members of a brother hood, and tbat the interest of every district was of the eame importance as the interest of their own parish, and that it w aB their duty to provide for the spiritual necessities of their brethren in the remote ports of the diocese. It , would show that the payment of the stipends waB not c nitre, bargain between parishioners and clergymen, and would alpo have an improving effect on the standing of the pot-tor, aB he would not be directly dependant upon the con tributions of the parishioners for his stipend, whilst he would alpo havo his stipend paid regularly at stated periods. It must be desirable that in pecuniary matters, the clergy man should be independent of his parishioners. Upon the resolutions be had submitted, it was posBible to frame an ordinance, but be had himself drawn one up, and should be happy to submit it to the consideration of the committee, in order to lighten their labours. It provided for the establishment of a diocesan council to take the place of the present Church Society, and by means of other local organi sations for the raising of a diocesan fund, from which pay ment of stipends was to be made. In every parish it was proposed to form a parochial council, to collect funds in the various localities where they were established — such paro chial councils to be elected at tbe same time as the church wardens. It pecmcd to him that only organisation was required to obtain the . necessary means for meeting all the requirements of the Church. Of coutec, ihe funds raised tor special purposes would in all cases be applied to the particular objects for which they were collected. The first charge upon the parochial fund would be the clergyman's stipend, fixed at £300 a year as a minimum, and calculating by the funds at present raised, this 6uai would be available for that purpose. An organisation similar to that now pro posed had been established in the diocese of Newcastle, the Church Society there having ceased to exists and the Synod itself having taken the work of the society into its hands. Be found, too, there was a great similarity between the scheme he had sketched out and that recommended for adoption in Scotland by the committee appointed to carry into effect the proposed union of the different Presbyterian churches; there was, therefore, no novelty in the plan. He hoped the Synod would give the resolutions an earnest con sideration, and he was disposed to think they would agree with him that the system intended to be founded upon them would have a most beneficial effect in promoting the cfiicicncy of the means requisite for the due maintenance and extension of tho Church's operations. The Rev. Dr. Tucker seconded the motion without pledging himself to the whole scheme, and more as a matter of form than otherwise. He thought that great praise was due to Mr. Docker for the attention he had bestowed on the subject. The first two resolutions met bis approval rather than the latter ones, and he believed that the whole scheme was parallel to the establishment of rural deaneries. Some enlargement of the operations of the Church Society might be advantageously accomplished. He seconded the motion. Mr. G. F. Wise moved as an amendment, — 'That the resolutions be referred to a select committee, to be ap pointed to con&ider; the question of rural deaneries.' Mr. A. Stuart seconded the amendment, and while according praiec to Mr. Docker for the pains he had taken to sketch out a scheme for their approval, could not help seeing that many of that gentleman's arguments con tradicted themselves. Moreover Mr. Docker seemed to desire the abolition of the Church Society, rather than to extend its operations. Not only so, but the parochial associations would also be abolished. The duties of the churchwardens too would be reduced very greatly, as all the payments would be made to the general fund and out of that fund. Even the standing committee would be abolished, or rather would be turned into a diocesan council, a change that was not by any means desirable. He thought that centralisation in* these matters did more harm than good, but if Mr. Docker had contented hlzQself simply with proposing a central fund he might be inclined 1o agree with him. But Mr. Docker went much farther -^nii that, and much farther than he (Mr. Stuart) could go. With reference to the system of the United Presbyterian Church in Scotland, Mr. Docker, if he knew as much of that system as did persons who had been resi dent in Scotland, would not have offered it as an example for our imitation. Here we ought rather lo urge upon the parishes the duty of raising their l-jcal funds as much as possible. At the same time, it was undoubtedly the duly of the richer parish* s to help their poorer brethren, and as far as that part of tlie question was concerned he agreed with Mr. Docker, nnd thought thatsome scheme far bring ing s&out; such a result might profitably be devised. He begged to second the amendment. Nr. W. J. Foster pointed out that the amendment was not put fn such' a form as would enable the Synod to enter tain it. The question ought to be that all the words after tbe word 'that' be omitted, in order to insert certain other words. After the great thought and care bestowed on this subject by Mr. Docker, and the valuable suggestions that gentleman 'bad given to tbe Svnod, he thought it would be ungracious to refer the whole of the resolution to a committee. The first resolution at any rate might be paired, and the following ones might be referred to the committee. If tho amendment were modified in such a ?way as to effect thai, he would support it. He was of opinion that the Church Society ougnt'not to be abolished, as Iho welfare of tho Church was largely dopendant upon it. But there was much matter for consideration in the suggestions made, and tho Synod ought not to put them atide hastily. The standing committee might act upon some better financial plan than now existed — might deter mine the classes under which they ranged all the parishes : of tho diocese, give notice to each parish of tho class in : which it was placed, and then rate the parishes accord ing to then* classes. The parishes that were alleged to be rated too high, could appeal against die classification, and if proper cTounds of appeal were shown, it should be . sustained. The present system did not always work well, and could not give entire satisfaction as it was not a fair one. He mentioned thi6 as a reason, and a conclusive one, for agreeing with Mr. Docker's first resolution. The com plaints made, and the petitions received by the Synod were evidence that the fit6t resolution ought to be passed. He did not think he could support the second resolution, as he did not believe the standing committee could prepare an ordinance to deal with the subject The third resolution opened a large question, and he was not prepared to sup port any beyond the first resolution. The 'Rev. W. Stack said that he considered Mr. ' Docker was entitled to the thanks of the Synod for the trouble he had bestowed upon this matter. He objected to theamenomcnt, as ho did not sec that any good could arise fiom inferring tho question to a select commiitee. The scheme ought to be dealt with at onco, and not to be 6ent to a selcct committee. If it was a bad scheme it should be rejected, and if it were a good one it should be sent to the standing committee. He thought the matter treated of in the resolutions should be referred to the standing com mittee. The Rev. C. F. Garnsey felt, perhaps, more interest in tliis matter than any one present, and ho pointed out that the people had a greater incentive to give their money when they gave it to tho individual clergyman than when they were called upon to give to a fund from which their clergyman rcccivcd it back again* Ho believed that there was in the Newcastle diocese some wonderful fund that was independent altogether of the subscriptions froai the people, and if they were dependent upon the latter alone they coula not carjT out the arrangements that thor now made. Ho had baa experience of another diocese where they had a general fund, and the clergy were thq worst paid of any in the Australian colonies In the general fund you would lose that spur that people had t* give their money when thfry gavo it to the individual clergyman. The Chancellor objected to* the resolutions being referred to the standing committee, and thought it would ' bo best to go on with tho Church Society as at present. We should not cry ' new lamps for old one4,' but be con-, tent with what wo had until we were 6ure that we could get something better. If it were desired to refer to the stand ing committee the question as to whether a better provision cuuld not be made for managing the fluids, he should not object. That would be a legitimate subject for inquiry. But by these resolutions the standing committee were to prcpttre an ordinaEco to give effect to something of which they wero told nothivg. If M-. Docker had showed somo definite plan on which the ordinanco might be prcparod it i might bo done. He must opposo tbe resolutions. Mr. G. F. Wise desired to withdraw his amendment for ' the purpose of making tho alteration thut had been sug gested by Mr. Foster. Lcavo being given, tho amendment was altered nnd put in its amended form. Mr. R. Jones suggested that, beforo any ono laid down principles on which on ordinanco should be framed, ho should inquire whether those principles were sound or n ot. luquiiy t-hould precede and not follow tlie I«ving down of the pnnciplo, nnd he was not disposed to rcftirtbo resolu tions to any committeo of inquiry. Wo mu6t be content to feel our way carofuUy, gather our data, aud proceed cau tiously when we had found a sure path, lie believed that ; Mr. Dccker hud not taken a wise course. It would have : ban better if a proposition had been made that tho stand ing committee should inquiro into the matter and se* whether any better scheme for managing . our financial J affairs than now existed could be dev.sed. Ho would hive supported a proposition of that kind, but ho could not vote for tho resolutions now beforo the Synod. The subject was a very important one, but at present he had no desire for going into a fall consideration of its details. A fine opportunity was lost a short time ago, when an endowment fund might have been provided, if proper efr-ps had been taken, that would have supported for all lime the w eaker parishes throughout the colony. There was nothing* to prevent Mr. Docker from framing an ordi nance on this subject and submitting it to the Synod, and that course would have been better than the course he hid taken. Without undervaluing the ability and timo bestowed on these resolutions by Mr. Docker, he could not feel justi fied in voting for them. Mr. W. Barker wished Mr. Wise to withdraw his amendment in order that he (Mr. Barker) might move another one to the effect that it be referred to the standing committcc, to inquire and report upon the expediency of making better provision for managing the funds of the diocese. Mr. G. F. Wise was not inclined to withdraw his amindment, thinking that the matter ought to be referred to a select committee. Mr. Barker them moved the amendment he had already read to the Synod. The question was then put : ' That the words proposed to be omitted stand part of the question.' The motion for the omission was carried, i Mr. Wise's amendment was put and negatived, and Mr. , Barker's amendment carried, without a division. I THE PROVINCIAL fiYNOP OF NEW SOUTH WALES. | The Chancellor pursuant to notice proceeded to move, i 41 That six clerical and six lay members of this Synod, be electod to represent the Diocese of Sydney in the first Provincial Synod of the United Church of England and Ireland, vritlun the colony of New South Wales.' Tho Synod would understand that the Provincial Synod alluded to was the ** Provincial Synod' referred to in their con stitutions. The objectof the motion was to determine what should be their precise representation in the Synod referred to ; in which the three Diocesan Synods, at present existing in this colenv. were to be represented. He moved that the six clerical and hx lay representatives — members of the Dicccscn Synod of Sydney — should be appointed to repre sent tbo Dioccse of Sydney in the Provincial Synod of New South Wales. Mr. Bapker seconded the motion. The motion was put and carried. The Rev. Dr. Tucker said he was quite ready to men- ] ticn the names of the gentlemen whom he intended to ! propose for diction io the Provincial Synod. Mr. Shepherd Smith thought that it would be very ; dcnralle to have the names of the gentlemen proposed to be elected lic- fure the Synod for twenty-four hours before thev should be called upon to elect them. The President said that (he names would appear on the business pnper in connection with the notice of motion which had been giren by the Rev. Dr. Tucker, (Hear, hear.) The Rev. Dr. Tucker obtained leave of the Synod to move that the motion of which he had that day given notice, respecting the election of twelve members of the Synod to serve ns members of the ' Provincial Synod ' of New South Wales should take precedence of all other business on the morrow (Thursday). The motion was duly seconded and agreed to. MOTIONS LAPSED. The motion standing on the business paper in the name of the Rev. R. S. Willis, respecting ' Payment of stipends to incumbcnts,' was called on ana lapsed, Mr. Willis not being present. The motion standing on the business paper in the name of the Rc-v. 3. C. Corlette, respecting the absence of ' Assistant ministers ' at Synod was called on and lapsed, Mr. Corlette not being present, MOTIONS POSTPONED. On the motion of the Rev. P. J. Smith (acting for and in absence of Mr. William Russell) the motion standing on the business paper in Mr. Russell's name, respecting regis ters of baptisms, marriages, and burials, was postponed until to-morrow, Thursday. On the motion of the Chancellor (Mr. A. Gordon), tbe motion of that gentleman standing on the business paper in his name, for the election of six lay members of the Cathedral Chapter, was postponed until to-morrow, Thursday. On the motion of the Rev. H. A. Palmer, the motion of the Ilcv. G. H. Moreton, respecting the amendment of ecclesiastical statistical papers, &c.;, was postponed until to- morrow, Thursday. On the motion of the Rev. Dr. Tucker, the motion standing in that gentleman's name on the business paper, relative to a proposed representation to the Archbishop of Canterbury, on the subject of the oath of Canonical cbcdience of suffragan bishops in Australia to their own Mctroixriitan. was postponed until to-morrow, Thursday. motion withdrawn. Tbo Rev. P. J. Smith, acting for Mr. William Russell, withdrew the motion* standing on the business paper in Mr. Russell's name, in relation to an amendment of the ! Marriage Act. | WIDOWS AND ORPHAN'S. The Rev. P. J. Smith moved that Mr. J\ R. Street and Mr. 3. F. Josephson be appointed auditors of the Clergy Widows9 and Orphans' Fund. The Rev. H. S. King seconded the motion, which was put snd agreed to. DEEDS OF CHURCH PROPERTY. j Mr. Alexander Stuart, pursuant to notice, moved, — j ' That the recommendations made by the standing com mittee in their report on the state of the deeds of Church I property be adopted by the Synod, and that the standing ! committee be requested to take the necessary steps in respect ! thereof. 1. That the trustees of Church property be called on to have their titles made perfect. 2. That a general record of all deeds of Church property be kept in ! the Registrar's ofiico, specifying amongst other particulars in whose custody tho same ere respectively. 3. That trustees of Church property be invited to deposit their deeds of title with the registrar for safe custody. 4. That trustees of all globe lands be invited to furnish to the Synod full particului's of the income of such lands, and of the appropriation thereof.' It would be within the recol- : lection or the Si nod that the matter comprised in this motion formed part of the recommendation of the Standing , Committee. The title deeds of the Church property had ! been found to be in a very unsatisfactory state, and re quired to be promptly attended to. Imperfections had , crept into the titles of 6ome of the Church property which ; it was very de&irabl;£io have amended. It was also much to be wished that more satisfactory arrangements should be made for the proper custody of these deeds, | and that they should, as far * as possible, be ! brought together and kept in one place. They ought, in his opinion, to be deposited with the Registrar, i Many trustees of Church property did not actually know ! where their £eeds were. It was, lastly, very desirable for : the Synod to be in possession of more accurate information ia regard to the Glebe lands. The Rev. H. S. King seconded the motion. The Chancellor was not quite satisfied as to the terms ! of the third resolution. The Registrar had not yet at his I office any proper place for the 'safe custody' of these 1 deeds. After some discussion, in which Mr. Barker, Mr. A. j Stuart, Mr. R. Jones, Mr. Shepherd Smith, and the ! Rev. H. S. King took part, Mr. A. Stuart (at the suggestion of the Bishop) ex- ! pressed his willingness to modify the tenns of the third ; resolution. By leave of the Synod he substituted in lieu thereof the following words '3. That trustees of Church property be invited to deposit the deeds of Church property in some place of safer custody, to be approved of by the standing rommittee.' The motion eo amended was put aud carried, contributions to cathedral. In regard to Mr. William Russell's motion for a return of contributions to St Andrew's Cathedral, the President said that the information to be asked for would bo given. The Synod adjourned at half-past 10 o'clock until to morrow (Thursday), at 3.30 p.m. CHURCH OF ENGLAND. [Continued from page 12.] MEETING OF THE SYNOD. Thursday, 20th August. TnE President took the chair at half-past 3 o'clock in the afternoon, HUniALS AT THE NECROTOLIB. Mr. A. H. Macarthur asked,— ' 1. Ib tho President aware that burials took place in the Church of England portion of the Necropolis at Haslcm's Creek in the after noon of Monday last, the 17th instant, without the services ?of the Church being performed ? 2. Was the illness of the incumbent of Enfield (whose duty it is to attend to ihe ''burials at the Necropolis) reported to the Bishop or to the Dean, and application made for a substitute in sufficient timo to enable such substitute to be provided? 3. Is any -correspondence in existence on this subject with the Dean ? or Bishop's secretary ; and, if so, has the President any objection to cause such correspondence to be laid before ?the6ynodP' The President desired lo observe, in the first place, -that he considered this series of questions to refer to the administration of the diocese by the Bishop, and that it was not a subject that could property be brought before the ? Synod, at any rate, not until it had been communi cated to him, to ascertain his views upon it, «nd obtain any explanation that could be given. He did not thick the Synod was prepared to administer as veil as legislate for the affairs of the diocese, and he ? held the subject contained in these questions to belong -properly to the province of the Bishop and the clergyman who had charge of the cemetery. At the same time he regretted that on Monday afternoon no clergyman was present to read the service at the Necropolis* and he should be happy to give to Mr. Macarthur, the friends of the deceased, or those who felt aggrieved bv the circumstance an explanation of it. Furl her than that he did not think it desirable to dual with the matter. He considered that when a clergyman had charge of a church or a cemetery, or had any duties to perform for which he received a sufficient etipend, it was the business of that clergyman to make provision for the discharge of the duties. The Dean was exceedingly kind in these matters, and it was to be feared that the clergy when sick (as Mr. Young was on this occasion) imagined they had a perfect right to look to him. All that was necessary to be done was to send a note to the Dean to provide for the service, and yet in some cases an answer was not waited for. 'When thev applied to him (the President) or to the Dean they would be perfectly happy to receive and comply with the application, and it was pretty well known to tho churchwardens and others who were obliged to seek for assistance that neither the Dean nor himself were re luctant to undertake such services. But when application was made, it must be understood that there was no respon sibility with them to find a person to discharge the duties and effices incumbent upon a clergyman who received re muneration for it. RETURN. The Registrar laid upon the table a return (required on motion of Mr. Kussell) of the principal contributors to the *? Cathedral. APPLICATION OP CONSTITUTION. In answer to a question by Mr. Willis, ' Can the 16th clause of the Constitution be applied to parishes within the Dioceseof Sydney,' the Chancellor replied that it could not be 60 applied. church temporalities act. The Rev. H. A. Palmer asked, 'On the death of on incumbent who has received State-aid does the Church Temporalities Act cease to apply to that church of which he was incumbent.'. The Chancellor begged to answer this question in the ; negative. PROVINCIAL SYNOD. The Rev, Dr. Tucker moved, 'Thai the following members be elected to represent the Diocese of Sydney in the Provincial Synod of New South Wales: — The Very Rev. the Dean, Rev. H. A. Palmer, Rev. G. Vidal, the \-- Chancellor, Hon. Joseph Docker, Mr. Shepherd Smith, Rev. Hulton S. King, Rev.W. Stack, Rev. A. H. Stephen, Mr. W. Barker, Mr. W. J. Foster, Mr. A. Stuart.' The rev. mover said the three dioceses which had concurred in the Constitutions were now about to appoint represent atives in a provincial Synod. When once that Synod had been convened it remained with it to say how it should in future be constituted, what should be the number of lay and what the number of clerical members, with the single exception that the number of lay representatives should be three times the number of clerical representatives. The , business of euch a Sjnod was dearly stated in the 24th section of the constitutions. Subjects of joint reference | might be submitted to it by all the diocesan Synods in the i colony. It had not been appointed to originate ordinances, i but simply as a court of appeal to which the diocesan j Synods might send their ordinances in order tbat regola- | lations might be ordained by it. He could not perceive I font the functions of this Provincial Synod presented any j interference with the entire metropolitan see. It did not isolate the dioceses of New South Wales from the dioceses that might be formed in other parts^ of the colonies. It could not sever us from the other dioceses or destroy the ?unity of the Church, and, as far as he could understand the ? direct aotion of the Provincial Synod, there would be nothing in the ordinations it was by the constitution likely 1 to that would interfere with future Diocesan Synods. If we confined it to its proper business there could be no separation from, or inter* ferance with, the neighbouring dioceses in the other colonies. Tlie time might come when a Provincial Synod of the entire Metropolitan See should be formed. The decisions of the Provincial Synod about to be convened would be of great importance to the colony, and ever} diocese in it. The diocese of Newcastle had requested that certain subjects should be jointly referred U it, but some of those subjects he took to be matters of legislation. He offered these allusions in order to mark what he conceived to be the constitutional business of the Provincial Synod, because we were asked by the request from Newcastle to join in doing that which our constitution told us was not the constitutional business of that Synod. How we conld make any subject one of reference before it had been brought before us in any ordinance he could not understand. The first subject was one in which all the dioceses were equally concerned, and might be acknowledged a proper subject for reference — namely the repeal of the Church Act. This Synod was not originated in the ecclesiastical idea that it was proper to have a Provincial Synod, but that it was necessary, since various dioceses had joined in an agree ment as to the form in which we should present ourselves before the Legislature to obtain the power to establish our Synods. This subject then was ? one that ought to be referred to this Pro vincial Synod. But the next matter was not properly referable until it had been the subject of proposal and legislation in the various dioceses. That matter was the division of dioceses in New South Wales. It might also be said of the second portion of that proposal— the election and consecration of bishops — that it should first be a sub ject of deliberation and legislation among ourselves. Other -dioceses had taken course, and had sketched out how bishops Should be appointed and consecrated, as well as a -tribunal by which bishops ehould be brought, if needful, under the power ef the law* To refer this question in its unformed crude state to the Provincial Synod, did not come within the limits our constitution pointed out. Then, again, it was proposed that the establishment of a tribunal \- under the 18th clause of the constitutions, be a subject of 4t deliberation only.' He took exception to sending to a court of appeal a subject for ' deliberation.' The marriage law question was also proposed as a subject of joint refer ence. If there were Acts in the three dioceses that diverged from each other, and it was found desirable to bring them into uniformity, it might be a subject of appeal. Then the decision of the two Houses, bishops ana clergy, and laymen would be a decision from which there was no appeal, their ordinance binding every diocese and Churchman throughout each diocese. It was very evident to him, from what he had heard, that many members of our Synod had not dear ideas of the exact business of this Provincial Synod and its relation to the different dioceBes throughout* Australia. Mr. J. F. Josephbon seconded the motion. Mr. R. Johnson moved, as an amendment, ' That all the words after the word ' that ' be omitted, with the* view -of inserting the following words 1 This Synod to- morrow, immediately before going te the orders of the day, do pro -ceed to the dection of six clerical and 6ix lay members of thiB Synod to represent the diocese of Sydney in the first Provincial Synod of the United Church of England and Ireland within the colonv of New South Wales. That such election bo by ballot, to 'be taken in the same manner as is provided by the 38th Standing Order for the 'election by ballot of members of a select committeo/ ' He explained that although there might be no objection to „ the members named, the Synod might prefer to appoint some others. The amendment was seconded by Mr. M. Metcalfe. Mr. J. F. Josephson thought this would tend to cast a . reflection upon all the members nominated in the original motion — (no, no) — because it was not usual on demanding a ballot to moke any comment. The question being put, the words were omitted, the in sertion of those proposed agreed to, and the resolution) as Amended, was carried. tribunal ordinance. The Rev. A. H. Stephen moved that the tribunal ordi nance be read a third time. Mr. C. Rolleston seconded the motion. Mr. F, Darley opposed the third reading of the ordi nance, and after the able addresses made in support of the ?second reading he felt that he should have to put forward pome very good reasons for the course he was now taking. He had been accused of inconsistency, but he did net feel that the course he had pursued was inconsistent. He was ?an opponent of any tribunal such as was proposed being formed in this diocese, but he had felt that it would be an «ct of presumption on his part to have claimed as a right that the measure should be thrown out without further -consideration ; and, therefore, in supporting the Rev. Mr. Palmer's amendment as he had done, he did not think he bad exhibited any inconsistency. * Tho taunt was thrown, out to the clergy by one or two who had addressed the Synod, and also by the President, to the effect that the \- clergy had at one time expressed a great desire to have such an ordinance as this, and that the Synod was brought about mainly by tne great deBire of the ?clergy to have such an ordinance. He could quite under stand bow, at a certain time, the clergy had such a desire, for some years ago tho law concerning the power of ? colonial bishops was unsettled, and thoso bishops claimed very large powers— powers as great as the English bishopB possessed. In three cases it hod been insisted by the learned i&dvocate; of the Bishop of Cape Town that tin colonial bishops bad the seme powers as the English bishops, and the Court held that the colonial bishops bnd not the same powers We now knew cxactly how far the power of the colonial bishops extended, ond now tbo necessity for passing this ordinance no longer existed. If a clorgjTOan trans giessed a doctrine the bishop liad the power of citation, and could summon assessors to sit with him and try thu case. But he took upon himself the pronouncing of sen tence, and could not depute that duty to anyone. The bishop must sit with the assessors him6clf ; and he could deprive the clergyman of his living, &c.; The English bishop had, however, the power of carrying his sentence into effect, and that was a power that tho colonial bishop did not popsess. It \yas pressed by the English birhop, because in England his religion was the religion of ihe State. Tho Bishop here could not carry his sentence into effect because there waa no State Church. But he was not powerless. If the clergyman refused to obey the eentence and give up the emoluments of his office, the Bishop could apply to the Civil Courts, and tho Civil Courts would cciry tlie sentence into effect : but, in doing so, they would review the whole case, and tht-v might, upon doing so, corno to a different conclusion to the Bifchop. Again, the Court r.iighi be wrong, and still an appeal could be made to tho Privy Council. Thus it might be observed that n colonial bishop has the same power as an English bishop up to a certain point — the point of pronouncing sentence— but tbiri he could not carry his sentence into effect. Now, in the first place, he put it broadly tbat wc could not pass such nn ordinance as this. We called ourselves the United Church of England and Ireland in New South Wale?, nnd yet wc, the United Church of England and Ireland within the colony of New South Wales, were making a new law for the government of our Church. It might be said that we had a right to do so ; but. granting that we had such a right, what was to be tbe result of this ordinance becoming law Y The mo ment this ordinance passed, the six gentlemen who are appointed triers become the ultimate judges of what the law of the Church of England and Ireland really is. There was no going beyond their decision. It might *be argued that the bill provided for a Court of Appeal; but had we the power to make a Court of Appeal f Were not the words which had been introduced, on the motion of Mr. Vidal, quite useless and merely so much surplusage ? A trial took place under this ordinance, and let U9 suppose a clergyman was found guilty and sentenced. Then the Supreme Court was invoked. How? Why, in the &ame; way as if he and one of his friends there present had a dispute about accounts. If he had a dispute with a merchant about accounts, per haps the matter would be referred to arbitrators, and he would suppose the arbitrators decided against him. He re fused to obey the award, and then the Supreme Court car ried the award into effect. The arbitrators had no power to carry their award into cffect, but an application must be made to the Supreme Court, and the award would bo enforced by the Court ; or it might be that the award might be set aside by the court. Precisely the same thing would take place if this ordinance were passed. What then would be the power of the Court ? Would it have power to consider what the doctrines of the Church of England were ? Would it have power to consider whether these triers had determined the question rightly upon its merits or not? Certainly not. The Court would simply have power to inquire, ' Did this particular clergyman consent to this jurisdiction ? ' and, if he did consent to it, ' Have the forms provided by thi* particular ordinance been carried out ? ' That wr.s tlie only other question that the Court could consider. (Cries of 'Hear, hear.') Some members of the standing committee seemed to applaud that remark, and he believed he must have failed to make his argument understood by those gentlemen. Or it might be that he had misunderstood them— that they really wished these six triers to be the ultimate court ? If that were their desire, they might certainly work it out under this ordinance, but they would then ccase to be members of the United Church of England and Ireland. That was the dilemma they were in. If they desired to remain mem bers of the Church of England, they could not pass this law ; if they did not desire to remain members of the Church of England, they might pass it. Was it our desire that these six triers should form the ultimate court —should have the final trial of all cases ? He apprehended it was not our 'wish ; and that if this Synod were polled upon the question, as to whether we should continue our union with the Church of England or not, the Synod would be unanimous against any disunion ? (Hear, hear.) And if the Synod were polled on the question, as to whether these triers ehould be the final court, he believed there would be a large majority against any such scheme. He would point out that what he stated was the law, and that if we passed this ordinance there would be no power of appeal beyond the decisions of the triers. Lord Romilly, in a recent judgment said, after alluding to the two deci sions in the cases of the Bishop and the Rev. Mr. Long So long as the law on this subjcct must, in the final resort, bs administered by civil tribunals, according to the laws of the Churcb ot England, to the extent tbat such laws are applicable in euch colonies, and this with a light of appeal to the Sovereign in Council, it is reasonably certain that tbe law win be uniformly administered amongst all the dependencies of tbe Crown which possess an established Legislature and have not any religion established by law. But if each church is to consider itself a separate and indepen dent churcb, though in union and fall communion with the church of England, and if each church claims topoasess full power to make rules and ordinances for its guidance ia each sepa : rate colony, and to constitute an ecclesiastical tribunal under the Bishop, and intrust him with full power to enforce 6ach rales and ordinances without any appeal ti any tribunal except to the forum domesticum of tbe Archbi&hop; of Canterbury for the time being, it requires but little foresight to predict that in the course of a very short time, humanly considered, the coloniri churches, j though calling themselves in onion and in fall communion with * I tbe Church of England, would in forms and ordinances, and in I matters of church government, differ widely from each other and 1 from their parent churcb. Nor is it too much to say that some alteration of doctrine would probably in many cases follow upon the alteration in the discipline and government of the church. Another consequence may also, 1 tbi&k;, be reasonably predicted to arise from such a state of things, by any one who has carefully observed the dispotition of tbe English people in such matters : if be has dom so, he cannot fail to have noticed how deep-rooted an attachment to tbe Church of England exists ia the people generally, even amongst those portions which are not sedulous in attendance at places of public worship— and this consequence is, that as soon as thiR matter shall have become clearly understood bv the English resident in the colony, there will be a rapid and Urge secession from the Church which was only in union and in fall communion with the Church of England to the Church of England itself which even in those distant colonies would receive and foster her brethren as part and paroel of her own peculiar flock. The effect, therefore, of these decisions is, as it appears to me, that, though they have established that the] letters-patent cannot create new ecclesiastical tribunals, or introduce into the colonies any of the ecclesiastical tribunals which subsist in this country, they have also established that every exercise of ecclesiastical authority, and every act of any member of the Cbnrch in such colony, profe6&lng; to be a part of the Church of England, must, in matters spiritual, be governed by the laws of the Church of England, and aust be tried by the application of those Laws. 'This is strongly illustrated by Dr. Warren's case.' Dr. Warren was a member of the Wesleyan body, and, having consented to be bound by the rules which governed that body, committed some offence, and was by the sentence of that body subjected to Bome deprivation. There was an endeavour to carry the sentence into effect, and Dr. Warren applied to have it set aside. On this ease Lord Romilly eays — This is strongly illustrated by Dr. Warren's case (I), which is sometimes misunderstood ; the Court refused to examine into the propriety of tbe decision of the Conference in that case, for this reason— what they did was to ascertain that, by the rnlea and ordinances of the Wesleyan body, every minister agreed to be bound by the decision of the Conference, and having ascer tained tbis, the Court inquired no further. The Court could inquire no further. Therefore, what the court here would inquire would be, ' Has the minister Agreed to be bound by the decision of this tribunal ? ' If he had, the Court would inquire no further into the matter — would not inquire at all into the merits of the case, or the propriety of the tribunal's decision. A little further on Lord Romilly said : — In Long v. Bishop of Cape Town (2), the Court also inquired whether, according io the rules and ordinances of the Church of England, Mr. Long bad agreed te attend, and be bound by the assembly summoned by the Bishop of Cape Town, and the Court held that be had not. Again, in page 49, the Master of the Rolls summed up his conclusions as follows : — The members of the Charch in South Africa may create an ecclesiastical tribunal to try ecclesiastical matters between them srlws, and may agree tbat tbe decision* of such a tribunal shall be final, whatever may be 'heir nature or effect. Upon this being proved the civil tribunal woyld enforce such decisions against all the persons who had agreed to be members of such an association — that ie, against all tbe pcrfone who had agreed to be bound by these decisions, and it would do so without inquiring into the propriety of such decisions. But such an association would be disttact from, and formnopartof, the Church of England, whether it did or did not call itself in union and full communion with the Church of England. It would strictly and properly be an Epis copal Cbnrch, cot of, but in £outh Afhc a, as it is tbe Episcopal Church in Scotland, but not of Scotland. But if the Episcopal Cbnrch in South Africa chose to remain part of the United Church of England and Ireland, then no such irresponsible tribunals could exist, and when recourse is bad to the civil tribunal to cnforce obcdience to these decisions, they must be subject to revision to the extent I bare already pointed out as laid down by tbe judg ment in tbe case of Long v. Bishop of Cape Town (1). Ia one case it is one Church in all the colonics, cach association being fart of tbe parent Church of the United Kingdom of England and reland; in tbe other case they are separate and distinct Episco pal Churches, each existing separate in each colony, and distinct from every other Churcb, bound by their own canons only, and no more bound by the canons of any otbi-r Cbnrch than they j would be by tbe canons of tbe Episcopal Churcb in Scotland, acci rding to their final settlement by the last tiynod held in Edinburgh io 1860 for tbat purpose, and all of them rejecting, as the Church in Scotland is compelled to do. the thirty-seventh of I tbe Articles of the English Church, which puts the Sovereign at 1 the bead of the Churcb, In this extract, wherever he had used the words 4- South ' Africa,' the members of the Synod might substitute the words ' New South Wales.' He begged to draw attention to the fact that whatever might be the decision of the tri bunal on questions of doctrine, that decision would be final, and would be enforced against all persons who had agreed to te members of such an association. The Court would enforce the decision without inquiring into its propriety ; bat the association would be quite distinct from, and form no part of, the Cnurch of England. Was that the desire of die Synod? (Cries of 'Inc.') Was it the desire of members of this Synod to separate themselves from the Church of England? (Cries of 'No.') Mr. Long, he remarked, did not agree to be bound oy the decisions of the tribunal. Tho facts of the case were these:— The Bishop of Cape Town thought it advisable that a Synod should meet and confer ; Mr, Long thought it inadvisable. Tho Synod did meet, and passed) among other matters, & tribunal ordinance. There was a second meeting of Synod, and possibly a third, and tho Bishop required Mr. Long to announce in his church that on a certain day there would be an election of members for | the Synod, Mr, Long refused to do this, and was cited before the bishop for .contempt. He refused to attend. The bishop tried him under the ordinanco and ho waa pjDtencod to the icvocation of his license, &c.; Mr. Lous' app&d; to the Supreme Court to set aside the sentence, aad the Coc?rt held tbat the bishop was right. Mr, L-rtg then appealed to Iho Privy C'cttncH, and that tribunal held that the bishop had no such power, bccausi Mr. Long never had consented to be bound by this ordinance1, and that f her of ore he wra only bound by tbe laws of the United Church of England und Ireland, and it was not a law of that Church that lie should read such an announcement as he had refused to rend in his church. Lord Romilly Mid — We think that the acts of Mr. Long must be construed with reference to the position in which he stood as a clergyman of t4e Church of England, towards a lawfully nppointcd Bistap of thot Cbnrch. and io the authority known to belong to that office ia Enpland: and we are of opinion that, by taking the oath of canon ical obedience to his lordship, and accepting from him a Kaence to officiate, and have the cure of t-ouls within tbe parish of Mowbray, subject lo revocation for just cause, and by accepting the appoint iuintto the living of Mowbray under a deed which expressly coiitonpluUu, as one means of avoidancp, the. removal of tbe In cumbent for anv lawful came, Mr. Long did voluntary submit bimsclf to the authority of tbe Qlehopto such an extent aa to enable the Bh-bop to deprive him of his benefice far any lawfal cause, that is, for such cause as (having regard to any differences Tfbich may eilse from tbe circuinsta&ccs; of the colonv} would riirthnrife 'the deprivation of a clergyman by bis Bishop in Erglotd. We adopt the language of Mr. Justioc Watertnoyer, that 4,|crtbe purpose of tbe contract bciwi*'n the plaintiff an i defendant, wearo ;o take them as having contracted that t ha laws of tbe ( hurcb of England shall, though only so far as applicable litre, govern.botb.' Having done tbis, their lordthipp proceed to consider whether, recording to the law of the Churcb of England, Mr. Long had ao *ctef] as to jUFtilyhif suppemion aod subsequent deprivation, and they ddtrminn tbat he bad not so acted. The manner in which tbey characterise the assembly convened by tho Bishop is as fellows (1) 'It *ae a meeting of certain persons, both clergy aod laity, e ither selected by the Bishop, or to be tlcctcd by euch persons and in such manner as be bad prescribed, and it was a meeting con vened, not for the purpose of taking counsel and advising toge ther what might be best for the general good of tbe society, but for the purpose of agreeing upon certain rules, and establishing, in fact, certain laws, by which all members of the Cburch of England in tbe colony, whether they assented to them or not, sboutd be bound, 'Accordingly, the Synhd, which actually did meet, passed various Acts and Constitutions, purporting, without the consent either of the Crown, or of tbe Colonial Legislature, to bind per sons not in anv manner subjcct to its control, and to establish courts of justice for some temporal as well as spiritual matters, and, in face tbe Synod assumed powers which ooly the Legisla ture could possess. There can be no doubt ihat euch acta were illegal.' There could be no doubt that suoh an Act as we were now passing was aleo illegal in the same way. It was not il legal if it were a mere matter of consent — if we were not members of the Church of England—if we were merely members of an Episcopal Church. In that case we might pass any ordinance wo pleased, and it would be enforced by the Courts just the same as any award between two merchants. But tho Court would not inquire into the merits of the case. He thought he had now pointed out as fully as he could the distinction that he had endeavoured to make plain when he had previously addressed the Synod. Tho distinction waB this : At present, as the law stood, t he Bishop would decide the case under trial, he having sum moned to assist him any assessors he pleased. His lord ship would decide the matter, subject to appeal to the Supreme Court, and subjec t again to appeal to the Privy Council. On the other hand, pass this ordinance, and the ODly question would be, 4- Did these clergymen consent to this jurisdiction, and to this ordinance being passed? If they did consent, has tho reference been duly carried out ?' And there the matter would rest. Lord Romilly further said : — Tbis decision, therefore, is far from deciding that the Bishop in these colonies has, by virtue of his appointment by the letters potent, no jurisdiction and no tribunal ; what it does decidc is, that the tribunal of tbe Bishop is a forum domesticum, and not a State tribunal ; tbat it is not a court of the colony of the Cape of Good Hope, exercising authority by reason of the Cburch of England being tbe religion of tbe State of the colony of the Cape of Good Hope, but tbat it is a domestic tribn nal or the Bishop, the essence of which is, that tbe j urisdicUon is only over those persons who assent to it, and the jurisdiction Is what iE usually called ' consensual*' jurisdiction All the persons professing to be members of tbe Church of England are, by this decision, held to bave assented to the jurisdiction of this /orum, fo far as the Bishop does not overstep bis authority — that is, the authority ot a Bishop of the Churcti of England— to the fail ex tent that such authority is not derived from that religion beisg i the religion of the State, or from etatutes which have operation solely within the United Kingdom. It was because the Bishop had exceeded tbat authority, and because the Lords of the Privy Council conld not find anything in the evidence to show that Mr. Long had assented to anything more than tbis, tbat they declared the sentence of the Bishop of Cape Town to be null and void.' It was not difficult to see that if this ultimate decision were pronpunced upon questions of doctrine, it might easily happen that these six triers might come to different con clusions, even though they had the aid of the Bishop ; and they might take a very different view of the doctrines of the Church of England lrom that which would be come to by the Lords of the Privy Council, aided by the dignitaries of the Church of England. Therefore Lord Romilly's pro phecy might possibly come to paes. If he had not made himself fully understood the fault was his own, but at any rate he thought the Synod would now understand why he had from first to last opposed the passing of this ordinance. The more deeply he had looked into the matter the more he had felt convinced in his own mind that we were entering upon a course that some of us tnight not see the end of— a course of secession from the Church of England. (Cries of ' No, no.') It appeared to him that if we passed this ordinance there must be three different tribunals for trying clergymen of this diocese. First of all, the clergy under the Church Temporalities Act might daim to be tried under thafcAct — might claim to be tried by the Bishop, and might point to the Rev. Mr. King's case as a precedent for the course to be taken by the Bishop. ThatwouldbetiibunalNo. 1. Second, there would be the dergy who were members of the Synod, and who | would be tried under this ordinance, having consented to it. Tbat would be tribunal No. 2. Then what aboat those clergymen who did not consent to this ordinance? What about the curates who could not sit in this Synod, but who probably might be heard preaching false doctrines ? They had not consented, and could not be touchcd by the ordinance. Upon point nothing could be clearer than the judgment given in Mr. Long'B case. If he were right in hi6 view then we had three different courts of trial for clergymen in this dioccse. Another objection, and the last he had to urge, was the result of the amendment made in the 8th clause, by Mr. W. J. Forster. If that amendment came from the worst enemy of the ordinance, it could not be more adapted to get it thrown out. The 8th clause as amended was as follows : — ' If in any case on the hearing of the cause, a majoiity of the triers shall find the accused dereyman guilty, the Bishop shall give notice in writing to the said dergyman of tlie time and place when and where he will be required to appear and show cause, if he desires to do eo, why sentence should not be pronounced against him, and shall in pursuance of such notice, and after having heard such observations as the dergyman may offer, proceed to pass sentence accordingly. Provided that an appeal shall lie to anv higher ecclesiastical tribunal of appeal, when such shall have been constituted. But no such appeal shall lie against any sentence which shall have been pronounced before such tribunal of appeal shall have been constituted.' Tho effect of this was to give the Bishop the power that he exercised under the Church Temporalities Act. What followed ? The accused clergy man would first of all be tried by these triers, and then tried over again from the commencement to the end by the Bishop. It appeared to him the ammendment was fatal to the biff, which, in hi6 opinion, was by it rendered so much waste pancr. He had nothing further to urge in the matter. His conduct had been consistent, as he had opposed the ordinance throughout, believing the law of the colony as it now stood would be far the best. He begged now 'to thank the Synod for the attention paid to his remaiks, and to record his protest against the passing of the ordinance. (Hear, hear.) Mr. R. Joneb had no intention of disputing the law which had been laid down by his learned friend, Mr. Darley, but he must altogether dissent from the conclusions at which, relying as it would appear upon those arguments, that gentleman had arrived. He fully agreed with Mr. Darley in thinking that if wc set up any tribunal here that should attempt to pronounce a judgment which ehould seek to be absolutely final, it would assuredly lead to consequences which would eventually sever us from the Church of England, If we were to f etablish any such tribunal, it was , quite dear io him that it would bo fatal to our standing ss 1 an integral part of the Church of England. We might, { under such circumstances, belong to a Church which might bo in communion with the Church of England, but wc should most certainly cease to be mem bers of a Church that was identical with the United Church of England and Ireland. (Hc&r;, hear.) That was all perfectly true ; tut there was nothing in th eir consti tuti ons . which denoted that they ever intended to separate them- I sdves from the Church of England, as by law established in the mother country. On the contrary, in their constitu tions, and other preliminary acts, there had been every 1 assertion and proof of their being fully resolved for ever to remain part and parcel of the Church of England. That j might be most clearly seen from tho terms of the 27th of | their constitutions. There was nothing whatever in the ; * rdinanco now before the Synod to Bhow that they intended, ; by this ordinance, to set up any tribunal whose decision was to Le deemed final, and beyond all appcaL (.Hear, hear.) i It was not at all pretended or proposed by this bill ! to deprive any dergyman who might think himself ag I grieved by any proceedings which might be taken in pur | suance of the same, from any legal right which ho might have, or be presumed to have, under the existing laws of the colony. He had looked carefully into the ordinance and bad seen nothing therein, and heard nothing about it, which he could consider to have in any degree justified the ! views and the arguments of the learned gentleman who had last addressed the Synod. Able as that' gentleman's address had been, he (Mr. Jones) could not but think that ! , he had utterly failed to shew that his arguments touched this ordinance on which they were now callod upon to vote. ' He tmetrd that the members of the Synod would not be 1 induced from what they had iust heard to do other than record their votes for the thira reading of tho ordinance. (Cheers.) Mr. W. J. Foster said he should address himself, in the few remarks he felt called npon to make, principally to Mr. Deriey's legal arguments. He thought that Mr. Darley had not taken thoso . arguments sufficiently far back . Ho had, no doubt, carefully considered the law of the cose in some of its relations thereto : but he appeared to him to have forgotten the bearing thereupon i f the c- constitutions' on which that Synod was based. His learned friend appearod never to have read those constitutions at all, or, if he had peousod them, lo have forgotten them. Those constitutions, it would bo remembered, had been specialty framed with a view to obviate oil those legal difficulties which his learned friend had so ably point«3 out. By those oons titrations it waa ex pressly provided that nothing 'should ever be resolved upon or done by the Synod which should bo contrary to the 41 articles, liturgy, and formularies of the. Charch of England.' This was especially sot forth in tho 27th of our constitutions. AlTpossiole danger of our being separated from the Church of England was therefore for ever cut off. Mr. Darley has admitted that as a Synod we bave power to deal with this ordinance— that we are in a positif n to pass it. [ifr. Darley r No. You tars constituted here as a Synod of tne Church of England, and, therefore, ran pass no Act which wouli be contrary to such a pesi Well, he assumed we bad a legal right to pass sueh an ordinance, aid if so, nnd ve could show that we bad by our constitutions precluded cumelves from doing anythfng inconsistc nt with our allegiance to the Church of England, the learned gentleman's objections, which had been so*ably urged, mu&t; all fall to the ground. All that they did was, nnd must be, subject to* the proviso that they did not intend to do, or to sanction, anything found to bo contrary to the doctrine, liturgy, and formularies of the Church of Eng land. Let it be shown how they were precluded by their legislation, or by nny czrcum&tanccs; of their position, from being members of the Churth of England. (Hear, bear.) If it wos contended that any of the circumstances incidental to local legislation had here cut them off from the Church of England it must be contended that we hod left the Church of England long ago. (Loud cries of hear freni the loft tide of the chair.) He denied that any euch essential regulations as they might have been obliged to make from the circumstances of their position, did in nny wise sepa rate tbem from the Church of England. (Cheers.) The laws they were instituted under as a Synod were, of course, altogether unknown to the constitution of tho Church of England in England. The application that the learned gentleman had made of the cases having reference to the Church of South Afriea, were unsuitable to the Church here, for we had here taken the precaution to obtain the consent of the Crown to our meeting in Synod, and had also taken the proper steps to bo duly recognised by all members of the Church of Eng land in tins diocese. He believed that some of the mem bers of the Synod? not lawyers, were mistaken in regard to their ideas respecting an appeal from this tribunal. There was no law by which any regular appeal could lie to a spiritual court in England. There might be a right of review with the highest civil courts as to questions of fact, but not an appeal in matters of doctrine as such, because the courts at home would not recognise the binding force of ccclesiesticnllawhere. A 11 1 hat could be donowouldbeto raise the question whether a thing was, or was not, in accordance with those doctrines, which we had agreed to uphold, and those doctrines were dedared to be purely and simply the doctrines of the Church of England. We had no appeal in spiritual matters, but we had a resort to the civil tribunals to see that no power was transgressed beyond what was desired by us as te doctrine as well as anything dse. With regard to another objection which Mr. I)arley had raised, he desired to say that all members of the Synod were under the ordinance of the Synod ; and if clergymen were under that Synod they were under the Church Act. As to the assistant dei^gy, or curates, they were also under the ordi nance of the Synod. Those rev. gentlemen would be em ployed—he eaid it with the greatest possible respect for ihem — under such terms as were the other clergy, and it was not to be expected that they should be allowed either to enjoy the use of Church pro perty, or to receive their salaries, if they did not agree to be bound by the ordinances passed by the authorities of the Church by which they were employed. The learned gentleman had reiterated some of his arguments, which he considered to have been already fully answered, and he should not delay the Synod by treating of them again in any detail, because they had fallen short of thdr mark. He must confess he was surprised that the learned gentleman should have repeated his argument that tbe dergyman would be subject to be twice tried. He denied that such would be the case. He thought he need not detain them any longer in the matter, because the arguments of his learned friend had already been so ably disposed of by his friend Mr. Jones, whoj though not a member of the legal profession, had shown himself so well able, by his ]-lain common sense, to point out their fallacy. Mr. Friend had shown that the application of common sense wa6, what he had always held it to be, the best mode of grappling with any legal technicalities. He trusted that the Synod would at once agree to the third I reading of the ordinance. (Cheers, ana loud cries of ' Divide.') The Rev. George Vidal considered that Mr. R. Jones and Mr, Foster had fairly answered ell the arguments of Mr. Darley against the bill, but regretted that any re marks should have been made calculated to throw any doubt upon their common allegiance to the Church of England*. 'Whatever divergence there might be between them and the Church of England was not their fault. It was merely due to the circumstances of their geographical and political position, so far removed from that whica was occupied by them as members of the Church of England in England. * (Cries of ' Divide, divide.') The Rev. J. C. Corlette said that he did not rise to oppose the ordinance, but to state the reason why he could not feel himself at liberty to vote for the third reading. He should not vote against the third reading of the ordi nance, but should withdraw, for the reasons which he had elready stated to the Synod the other evening. He did not , desire' to claim anything more than what had, as he be litvtd, been already conceded in the Presbyterian and Wesleyan denominations to their ministers when accused in matters of doctrine. [No.] Well, his opinion did not rest upon that. He thought that every presbyter had a right to be tried in such matters by members of his own order. (Hear, and cries of 'Divide!') The Rev. J. C. Corlette then left the body of the Synod, and retired below tbe bar. He was followed by the Rev. H. A. Palmer, the Rev. Stanley Mitchell, the Rev. Robert Taylor, the Rev. C. F. D. Priddle, and the Rev. C. F. Gamsey. The Rev. G. N. Woodd also left the body of the hall, but afterwards returned to his place, and voted. Amidst loud cries of divide, Mr. Conbett Stephen objected to the ordinance, because there would be no appeal from the tribunal pro posed to be set up. Mr. W. Russell quoted from a law book, to show that there would be an appeal from such a tribunal as proposed. The Pp*esident could not see how the right of appeal— if the clergy did possess it — could, by the passing of such nn ordinance, be prejudiced. He earnestly hoped that the Synod would pass the ordinance. 'The question was then put, and the President said, ' the oyes have it.' Some few voices demanded a division. The President would put to the Synod, whether it was desirable to perpetuate anv difference of opinion by calling for a division, The gentlemen who had been opposed to ihe bill had, with what he thought was a very commend able spirit, withdrawn, and had declined to vote. The Rev. G. N. 'Woodd here came forward from behind the bar, and (amidst some laughter) begged to ' assure his Lordship mat he did not decline to vote against the bill.' The President inquired whether the gentlemen pre* sent called for a division. Mr. Er-'E6T 0. Smith : Ves ; my Lord, I do. The Rev. Thomas Smith : Not Mr. Thomas Smith, I beg to say. (Laughter.) Tne Synod then divided with the following result For the third reading of the Ordinance, 52 ; against it, 10. Majority for the third reading, 42. The Ordinance was read a third time, and passed. Evening Sitting, tribunal ordinance. This ordinance having previously been read a third time and pa?Ecd, the President signified hi6 assent to it. presentation to vacant parishes ordinance. On tbe motion of the Dean, the Synod resolved itself into Committee of the Whole, for the consideration of the ' Ordinance for regulating the appointment of dergymen to the incumbency of parishes ana ecclcsiastical districts within the dioccse of Sydney.' Clause 1. ' Synod to dect Board of nominators.' Mr. M. Metcalfe opposed the clause, as the other parts of the bill he conceived provided quite suffidently for nominators. Mr. R. Jones was not strongly in favour of the clause, but he thought it would not have any force except tho Bflord were moved by the parishioners, Mr. J. C. Raymond supported the clause, believing it would be a check at all times of popular elections, and that the Board would be ready to do the duty if the parishioners neglected it. The Birhop of Sydney eaid this clause was inserted at bis suggestion. He considered the diversity of mode of exercising patronage one of the great safeguards of the Chuivh ; and a parish not having a body of men within its own limits to whom it would entrust the exercise of patronage, and not liking the Bishop (and there was plenty of cause for not liking him) would no doubt prefer to give the patronage to this Board nominated by the Synod, composed of clergymen and others intimately ac quainted with the parishes of the diocese. 'He thought the dause a valuable one, and hoped the Synod would retain it. The clause was agreed to. Clause 2. 'Parishes may determine in whom appoint ment of dergyman to be vesteK' On the motion of Mr. M. H. Stephen, this clause was amended by vesting the ' right of presentation 1 ' instead of the 'appointment ' in the Boards of Nominators, ti bo ap pointed oy the parishioners and Synod, and as eo amended the clause wes agreed to. Clause 3. 'If right of presentation^ in Board of Nominators to be constituted by the parish election of nominators to take place.' This clause was amended so as to agree with the amend ments proposed by Mr. Stephen in the previous clonse. Mr. R. Johnson moved as an amendment, in addition, that the decision of the Palish or District Board be taken by majority of votes. The amendment was agreed to» Mr. W.'J. Foster proposed an amendment leaving it optional with the parisnioners to elect churchwardens as members of local Boards of Nominators, and making tho number of nominators seven instead of four. The proposed amendment was supported by Mr. G. H. Rowley and the Rev. H. S, King, ana opposed by Messrs. A. Stuart, R. Jones, J. F. Josephson, and the Rev. P. J. Smith. Mr. W. J. Foster considered that this was a matter of importance, and should not give up his amendment. Not only might the churchwardens not be communicants, but there might be persons very worthy of respoct and confi dence in ecdesiostical matters, but wrho would bo quite un fit for churchwardens. And yet the people would be forced to tako these persons as churchwardens. This was dearly a matter that ehould be left in the hagds of the pariehonera frcttselvw. It bad been sajd dial if we fixed * ' *, jJLfct sons indefinitely, persona jidlivsideht in the parity ^ be chosen, but that objection toifcht be rcinovea at otu ? introduces the wordB ' three- of whom must be resident the parish ' after the word u four.' It should beremem i hcred that thu erdinnnce, once passed; could not be altered, as it would nflbct vested interests. 1 be Rev. C. J. Corlette said thero was a law of the Church of England requiring churchwardens to be commu sircnta. Mr. R. Jokes strH that the pnriabionets could only elect one eburefcwordes out of the three, so that there wfas not likely to be a very cxcitfog canvass where a vacancy occurred. The amendment was tbm put and negatived, and the clause as printed wa* passed. Clause 4,— ' The ejected nominators of the said parish or district shall continue in office* until tho next meeting for the dcction of representatives to a new Synod, and if in ihe meantime any v&e;н or vacancies shall be caused t.mong tbe said elected nominators by death, risignation, or , ubscnce from the colony fan absence from the colony for hx months being held to cwate a vacancy) tho surviving or other elected nominators shell appoint eonw person or per- 1 sons duly qualified as hereinbefore mentioned to fill up such ; vnennry or vacancies. But if any vacancy riiall not be ; filled np wifhtn two months after the same shall occnr, the right of filling up s&ch; vacancy shall vest in, and be exer cised by, the standing committee of the Synod,' TheRev. W. Stack moved the omission of the words ' an absence from the colony foi six months being held to create a vacancy.' He could not Bee the utility of such a provision, and he thought it might be productive of harm. Mr. ty. H. Stephen seconded the amendment. Mr. A. Stuart said that if the words were struck out : an ab&ence; from the colony of ono day would cause a vacancy. Tbe Dean er Sydney said the object of the words was simply to defiBC the period of absoncc. The words were taken from the Church Act He suggested the withdrawal of the amendment. The amendment was put and negatived, and clause 4 was then passed. Clause 5. ' In the event ef a vacancy occurring in the incumbency of a parish or district whien has determined that tbe appointment of the dergyman shall vest in the Synod Board of Nominators or of a vacancy occurring in a parish or district which has detetmined that tho appoiat mens of a dergyman shall vest in a Board of Nominators constituted by the parish or district as hereinbeforo men tioned, the Bishop shall cause the Board of Nominators in which the appointment is vested to be informed of such vacancy and the said Board (a majority of the members of the Board being held to be the Board) shall thereupon without delav present to the Bishop & duly ordained clergy man, being in the Holy Order of Priesthood, to be ap pointed by tho Bishop to the said incumbency ; and the Bishop shall appoint and licence such clergyman to the said incumbency ; unless he shall be satisfied that there is good and suffident reason for refusing to accept the pre sentation eo made to him as aforesaid.' Mr. M. H. Stephen moved that the word u appoint ment ' be struck out, with a view to insert the words ' right of presentation.' The amendment was agreed to, and the words inserted in lieu of the word ' appointment' wherever it occurred in the clause. The Rev. Dr. Tucker wished to add a proviso at the end of the clause. The Rev. G. Vidal wished to move a prior amendment. He wished to omit all the words after ' incumbency,' and insert after the words ' Holy Order of Priesthood,' on the ninth line, the words ' and having held the Bishop's 1 license to a cure of souls for twelve months preceding.' He had a twofold object in proposing this amendment, one of which was to secure some priority of right for clergy men who had been for some time in the diocese. It was right to hedge round the right of presentation with every safeguard, and that the Bishop should be satisfied that every dergyman presented was worthy to occupy the office he desired to fill. The Bishop should have some time to judge of a clergyman's fitness after he had licensed him to a cure of soms. But after the Bishop had observed a dergyman for twelve months, and that dergyman had per formed his duties satisfactorily for that period, he then might be appointed to a benefice. The omy proper hind rance then Bhould be some offence against morals or doc trine. If the latter words were retained in the dause, he feared they would create jealousv. The Rev. Dr. Tucker seconded the amendment. The Dean of Sydney hoped the committee would not accept the amendment. The clause as it stood was intended to afford the fullest scope for the selection of incumbents, and the amendment would restrict the appointment to per sons who had been licensed to a cure of souls within the diocese for twelve monthB. Such an alteration would be the reverse of benefidal. Mr. H. S. King had yesterday made a mistake in reference to this dause, for the dergy man presented for a benefice mSght at the time of his pre sentation be in England, and might bo brought out to occupy his benefice. It was the province of the Bishop to judge ef a candidate's eligibility, and though some restric tion might be placed upon his powers in this respect, yet he should have a very large discretion. It seemed to him that the clause as it now stood was not at all likely to destroy the independence of the dergy. He would be sony to do anything that would have that effect, but he believed that we should do what we thought best for the parishes. The Rev. Dr. Tucker rose deddedly to oppose the amendment, having seen the working of a similar arrange ment in another diocese had not been satisfactory. It had there led to a very undesirable state of acrimonous feeling. Hebdieved also that it would tend to prevent the introduc tion ef valuable dergymen into the diocese. There might be many objections the Bishop might entertain, but which it might not* be desirable for the Bishop openly to express objections which, if stated to the nominators, would by them be deemed quite suffident. The clause as it stood was dear enough, and required no such alteration as was proposed in the amendment. The Rev. H. A. Palmer opposed the amendment, and was unable to see the grounds upon which it was defended. Mr. Barker (the Chairman) said that it appeared to him that the terms of the amendment would virtually be to exdude new clergymen from any presentation to an incumbency, under the terms of ordinance. The Rev. P. J. Smith supported the amendment, and replied to the objections which had been made to it by the Dean of Sydney. In the interest of our own clergy it was highly expedient that every inducement should be held out to them to remain in this diocese. He also advocated the amendment, as indicating a proper course of action on the part of the nominators, in respect to the Bishop of the diocese. Mr. A. Stuart addressed the committee against the amendment. He objected to the amendment as being one which took away much of the directing and controlling influence of the Bishop. The whole ordinance had been devised to provide a via fncdta between popular dection and episcopal despotism. It was most undesirable that the con trolling influence of the Bishop should be set aside in favour of the nominators. Due provision ought to be made for the due and independent exercise of the Bishop' a office. The Rev. George Vidal had been perfectly ready to dispense with twelve months, and would now, by per mission, modify his amendment by leaving out the words 'cure of souls.' The Rev. W. Stack said he stould move the adjourn ment of the debate till to-morrow, to take preoedence of all other business. Mr. R. Jones said, the proper form of the motion would be— that the Chairman leave the chair. The Rev. C. F. Garnsey seconded the motion for ad journment, and expressed his strong objection to the prin ciple set forth in the proposed amendment. It was contrary to the inherent rights of the Bishop. He dtcd, in support of bis opinion, the judgment of Lord Ellenborough, in foyer's case. On the motion of the Dean, the Chairman left the chair, reported progress, and obtained leave to sit again to morrow. The Synod adjourned at a quarter-past 10, until to morrow, Friday, at 3 o'clock p.m. Church Statistics.— The ' Ecclesiastical Statistics ' ef the Metropolitan Diocese of the Anglican Church in this colony, ' as prepared by the Standing Committee for the year 1667,' were yesterday evening laid. before the Synod, and were perused with much interest by all present. Although ' incomplete returns ' have been received from several of the ecdesiastical districts or parishes concerned, a very large amount ot information has been received re lative to a variety of matters in connection with the diocese of Sydney. It appears that the number of licensed dergymen in tho diocese of Sydney during last year was eighty-six; of whom 74 wero ' licensed to a separate cure of souls,' 10 licensed without such cures, one a licensed clergyman in charge of St, Paul's College, and one a licensed clergyman on leavo of absence. The number of lay catc c-bisis, or readers, employed in the same diocese during 1667 was 18; consecrated churches and buildings licensed for public worship, 184; number of parsonages, 40 ; number of residences provided for clergymen in pastoral charge of districts, 10 ; places not provided with any resi dence for the clergy, lo. Annual income from pew rents, £C376 ; offertory and other collections at Divine service, £11,2G2 ; fees, £1676 ; other parochially raised funds, in duding glebes and endowments, £15,615 ; extra parochial assistance — induding public grants (or' State-aid) and grants from the Church Society, £9228 making a total annual Income for the year 1867 of £44,070. The expenses incuircd for the celebration of Divine service during hist year are returned as £5985 ; cost of buuding or repairing of churcheB and parsonages, £4794 ; stipends, £21,412 ; expended in schools, and other parochial object?, £7707 J and given to extra parochjal objeets, £3421 : — making a total so expended of £43,378. Church accommodation, 29,094 ; average Sunday attend ance, 24,219. Communicants, 4477 ; average of same 2624. In the Church Schools the attendance was described as follows : At Day Schools — on rolls, 8317 J average attend ance 5504. At the Sunday Schools— on rolls, 11,042 ; average attendance, 7941. Baptisms, 4010 ; marriages, 429 ; burials, 907 ; confirmations, 258. The Church Society* 8 general fund was returned as £730 \ tho Cathe dral fund wbb returned as £1250,— 'besides which various valuable gifts havo been given which are not included in that sum.' Tho total inoome of the Anglican Church within the diocese of Sydney, from &11 sources, was about £50,066. Bishop Selwyn,— A New Zealand journal Btates that a preliminary committeo of gentlemen connected with all the provinces is forming, to devise a colonial farewell to the Bishop of Lichfield, who only stays two months in tho * colony. 