MY FIRST SHIFT BELOW AND WHAT I SAW, HEARD, AN0 THOUGHT OF IT. fFrom the JBaUarat Miner and Weekly Star.J What a strange mysterious place the long subterraneous passage seemed, with its dampness, faint candle-light, and peculiar atmosphere. Here, the water was percolating copiously over-head, there, I strange fungi hung from the slippery wet timber in appearance exactly like so much swansdown of a snowy whiteness; touch it and the impression of your finger remained, and it. shrunk from the candlelight as if with pain, like, a sensitive plant. By and bve we came to & perpendicular ladder aiid a " shute," called "jumping" No. l: [Further on we passed No. 2, exactly similar, th e upright'ladder leading Heavenwards, and to my astonishment the " gutter."- "A long way on we came to a " break," "or windlass, used to exchange the positions oT full and empty trucks, the full pulling the empty up a steep incline. Past this again the drive conducted us under the solid rock, now high above our heads, now so low that you were obliged to double yourself to get under it. At some places there was no "timber," at others the "regular sets " again, isolated "soldiers" warring with the rock, with the tops splintered into shreds like the friable end of a rope ; other veterans nobly stood their ground with broken backs. I was almost afraid to pass this, but Ned told me it was occasioned by the " swelling of the reef," and that there was no danger. He added that I need never be afraid unless I was sent up in the " gutter," and. then if I heard the " timber talking " advised me to ske-daddle. Dear me, how enlightened I was getting. In the "faces" up on the gutter conversations were held between the " caps " and " legs "—how interesting I found that the various parts of the mine were named. , Our destination was " far east," but I heard of the " far west" and the " nor'-east " and the " nor'-west" together with such ominous-sounding places as " purgatory," " hell-hole," the " dirty run," " choke 'em," " squash 'em," &c.j; and there were also old disused drives haunted by the spirits of men killed in them shut up to keep the air out by wooden doors caulked with clay, just as though it were possible to stifle a ghoul, vampire, or any other ghost. At last we reached our journey's end, called " Far east pints." Here were two lines of trucks full of stuff from various strata, pebbles and gravel. I was h§re imbued with a high sense of the responsibility of my post, for amongst the gravel was a quantity of the precious metal glittering obviously in the truck; so taking some of it in my hand I examined it, and said to Ned, " Is it not extraordinary, ' mate,' that all this gold, is in minute cubic pieces; I was always under the impression that it was obtained in dust ! or nuggets of any shape but square ?" ! " Which gold ?" enquired Ned, and I held it up to the candle. " Why, man," said he, " Ail that glitters is not gold; that's mundic," and he burst out laughing. " I was sold again. Ned had been fixing candles with his clay to various points of the drive for the last 1000 feet, and we now took off our coats, turned up our sleeves, &c.;, preparatory to making a start. Several men passed us here taking empty trucks with them, to the front of which they fastened their candles by adhesion, having first spit on the clay. Our business was to run the full trucks down to the next " points," where they were taken from us by the next " stage," and bring up timber on the empty ones. It was very hard work, and after the first trip at the terrible pace at which we ran with our heads lower than our hips, the perspiration started from every pore. Up and down, up and down a distance of 1000 feet we ran, trip after trip and hour after hour, finding always full trucks at one end of our stage and empty at the other, until the calves of my legs and my arms, from the elbow upwards, were so painful that I could scarcely endure it, whilst I felt weak and empty from the exhausting, sweat. My head ached terribly, too, from the position, whilst the light, insufficient air, smelling like an aerated bread factory, was intolerable. Yet I kept at it, shoving, shoving, pushing, pushing, the great iron trucks. It was monotonous, too, in the extreme, andbefore I had been many trips the trucks annoyed me by the noises they made; the» full ones with their rushing sound, now rising hollowly and mysteriously, then falling and again roaring like a hurricane amongst the rigging of a ship, and the hollow thundering rumble of the " empties" seemed worse still. But above these sounds was that striking sharply on the ear occasioned by the oscillation of the axles in going over the joints of the rails. The front truck would observe " Cluck, luck," and the other assent, "Lack, luck,'5 rather more softly, and before long I endorsed it, too, for by this time it had become "Hard work, hard work," and painful, miserable, agonising labor to me. Once forgetting how low the drive was in places, I struck my head • with such violence that I dropped on my knees like a felled ox, and was dragged I several yards in that position until the1 skin was off. ' At another I rasped my back against the rock till I felt the trickling of the blcod. On another occasion I jammed my fingers between the trucks till my nails turned black, then I was in a horrible state of mind lest some one should run into me, making a portion of my anatomy a sort of human buffer to his truck, for there was no escape had any one been desirous of so doing, or was trucking on the line in ignorance of my being before liim. It was impossible to jump to the right or to the left, or upwards or downwards, and sometimes with " stiff trucks " I couldn't go ahead. In fact I had torn the elastic boots which I wore all to pieces, and was constantly losing foothold, and at times when the tension of the muscles was so extreme that I almost ruptured myself. Then my trucks would run off, and I was obliged to get Ned to put them on again. I was conscious of looking very foolish, too, for to save my life I could not pass the word for timber properly. A man told me to order a 3 feet 6 inch " cap," two " collared " legs, and some " laths " (he was an Irishman and said " latts "), and although I repeated the order as I comprehended it emphatically to myself all the way down, I asked for a 3 feet 6 " leg" an^ two " collared caps," whereupon all the men laughed at me and enquired " Will you iver go home, I donno." Then I was so awkward on loading the "trolly" or " buggy," as Ned called the timber carriage, that had it not been for his kind consideration for my ignorance and lack of cunning in the application of my strength, I believe I should have been discharged as useless before the " shift " was our. I found Ned to be a very intelligent fellow, and from the facility with which he seemed to do everything below, I was conscious of looking up to him as a sort of Admirable Crickton amongst the substratum of society we were in. During a momentaiy pause I expressed ; my surprise at a young fellow of Ned's j education working in such a capacity, j when he replied that it was nothing when you were used to .it, and that he knew a chap signing B.A. to his name that had worked and " batched" himself for twelve months in a claim, but he never " let on " who he was, and had now cleared out for England with sixty-five pounds he had managed to save. I was toiling up with two trucks, nearly beat, when a man asked me if it was " all hot." I stared at him and said " Yes, hot enough," and I thought he ought to have known it, too, for his face and arms shone with the perspiration with which they were varnished, and the varnish was blistered with the heat. " Bill time ?—I mean is it crib ?" he explained. " Have the knocks gone ?" I had heard of " the knocks," but before I could reply the air-pipes, which had been breathing monotonously, like some monster asleep, all the morning, conducted a softened rum-tum, tum-tum-tum to our ears, and observing " There we are," the querist ran away with an empty truck. Distant thunder now rumbled in the opposite direction, getting louder and louder, until Ned banged his " empties " up against my truck, and I saw his dirty face peering between his hands from behind him. He edged himself up to me, however, and taking - his " billy " from fhe nail over the candle said, " Gome mate, its all ■ hot," we have only twenty minutes, make the most of it." We put our coats round our shoulders and seated ourselves in our wet garments down on a log that had been -condemned as a " leg" in the damp, sombre drive, where the black shadows lurked and dodged the candle flame, and the darkness crept as close as it dared on either side, and the painful silence whichnow reigned was only broken by the escaping air as the subterraneous monster slept. Yet never before was rest so sweet ; never before was food so welcome, or .did I begrudge the fleeting moments as those of :my first "crib" down belosv. If " Fly-round Tommy," said Ned, after he had his luncheon, " asks you how you get on tell him * first-rate,' I'll put you through," and after two or three shifts you won't feel so tired. If Tommy catches you with a truck off and * bullyrags' you a bit don't you mind—its Ms way. He'll curse you uphill and down dale one minute if anything goes wrong,, but if he sees you trying to do your best he will come up and ask you how you are getting on quite friendly next minute." " Which is " Fly-round Tommy ?" I asked. " Oh, you'll soon find out ; he'B one of the Philistines. Here you .are,", he added, taking a piece of a kind of slate, called " soft reef" from a tri$£k and writing on the side of it— " The ' bosses' curse and drive you, Like a Portuguese, Serong, The one's called * Fly-round Tommy, Ana the 'tother * Go-along.*" (To be Contimted.) 