TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCHES. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS.) SYDNEY, SATURDAY. The Sailors' Home Committee have decided on having a grand pic-nic during the Prince's visit. The corporation also intend to give a fancy dress ball. Major Crummer, who was the only ' ' Water- loo man in this colony, has just died at Port Macquarie. The inhabitants of Illawarra district suggest a general fast-day and prayer for rain. Green and Hickey's match has fallen through. The former forfeits £50. Sailed. City of Melbourne, for Melbourne. BRISBANE, VIA SYDNEY, SATURDAY. The Governor embarked to-day in the City of Brisbane, on his way to New Zealand. Colonel O'Connell was sworn in to-day as Acting-Governor. Maryborough diggings continue to give good results. ADELAIDE, SATURDAY. A leading article in this morning's Advertiser strongly declaims against the action of the Victorian Government, in literally pro- claiming their own indispensability, and actually having the impudence to go to the country on that very issue, and ask the electors to give them carte-blanche to overthrow the constitution and establish a dictatorship, insolvency, and fraud. Samples of barley have been exhibited in town, grown from Californian seed, which produced forty bushels to the acre. The weather is fine and cool. General business continues very dull. The cargo of sugar per Nassaden is advertised for sale on Thursday. The corn market is quiet ; sales of old wheat have been made at 7s. THIS THEATRES. ?* There was a very good house at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night. The pantomime was received with much applause. At the Haymarket, "Which is Which?'' and the localised pantomime, were repeated on Saturday night to a very good house. The Japanese Troupe gave a midday performance on Saturday afternoon, in addition to the evening's entertainment. The house was crowded. Several new feats were performed, the most noticeable of which was the "walk upon pointed bamboos by Cat who gave, the Japanese woman. ' Those clever little fellows, Masters Frank and John, Mr. Lenton's pupils, performed some difficult and dangerous feats upon the high ropes. A new scene of some merit, representing the burning mountain Fusi Yarra, was substituted for the "Teahouse" during the second part of the entertainment. Mr. Walter Montgomery gave another of his special cheap nights" on Saturday night, and the hall was well filled. "The Bells'' and " The Raven were given ; also two pieces of Thomas Hood's "Mary's Ghost," and "To My Son "-the last being rendered with charming emphasis and feeling. To-night Mr. Montgomery will give a selection of scenes from Hamlet. ; At the Polytechnic-hall, " The Trip to the Rhine was repeated on Saturday night, together with a new interlude, "A Scene in a London restaurant," in which Miss Grace Egerton sustained three characters. We remember seeing Mr. Woodin, in his Otto of Oddities," give a performance of a very similar kind in London, but despite that gentleman's acknowledged talents, in this instance we must award the palm to Miss Egerton. The deception was nearly perfect. To-day Mr. and Mrs. Case will give a morning performance at half-past two; and in the evening, "Latest Intelligence " will be given. 