THE BISHOP'S CHARGE. TO THE EDITOR. Sir— The exigencies of the tunes have, it seemp, ' compelled' the Bishop of Adelaide to 'notice' the question of baptism in his Pastoral Address, printed in to-dav's/tecrwfcr. As the BishoD bus theiem presumably made special reference to myself, I shall be glad of space for reply, though sensible that the limits of a letter are far too cir cumscribed to allow of justice being done to the matter in question. I cannot commend some of the terms the Bishop has seen fit to employ. For instance, he speaks of our view seeming 'almost an outrage on the spiritual teaching of the Redeemer;^ and further, that it seems ' to outdo even Pharisaic formality.' The implied charges involved in these quotations are of so grave a nature that the Bishop should have more carefully examined into the subject More making them. If be knew more of the facts, we cannot but think that he would withdraw the implied accusations of 'outrage'' and ''Pharisaic formality.' Such language is the more surprising coming from the representative of that Church whose Prayer-Book decidedly favours immersiou. and admits of sprinkling only as an exceptional practice. We believe that the essence of true worship and Christian service is 'spiritual;' but the Bishop, in arguing for the spiritual, does not propose to abandon all forms— rites; nay, he retains one more (confirmation) than the Hew Testament enjoins. The difference between the Bishop and ourselves does not lie in this, that he contends for the spiritual and we for the formal, seeing that both plead for the spiritual and the formal. The point of distinction is that he contends for one form (sprinkling or pouring), whereas we for another (immersion). The simple question is, which does the New Testament enjoin ? We are not anxious for the form merely as such, but as being that alone which Jesus commanded, and to which He aubmitted Himself. The proper subjects for baptism is a point of far greater importance than that of the outward form of administering the ordinance. We abide by the conclusion that the argument for immersion fails if one instance can be adduced where the word baptizein (employed in a literal sense) was not used to convey the meaning of im mersion. In such a case it would be necessary to prove immersion to have been an impossibility. The Bishop says ' such a case occurs in Mark vii. 3, 4.' What is the proof ? Nothing better than thi3 —that, according to the Bishop's notions, it cannot 'well be conceived' that the immersion took place. This is no proof; for, if another thinks it could, this upon the same rules of reasoning would have to be accepted as ' proof' that itdid take place. This principle carried out a3 to other biblical questions would land the Bishop in full-blown Colensoism: for what else are Coleuso's proofs that 50 events narrated by Moses did not happen except that he (Dr. Colenso) could not ' well conceive' that they were possible— ergo, they did not happen, and the writer of the Pentateuch has falsified history! The Gospel tells us that the healed paralytic took up his bed and walked at the command of Christ; but Dr. Colenso might here step forward and aver that this really was not so-it was impossible, because he 'could-not well con ceive it 1' The Bishop even admits that immersion may have taken place as to three of the articles men tioned in Mark vii. 4, viz, 'cups,' ''pots, and 'brazen vessels;' but here he stops short, and asserts that it was inapplicable as to 'tables' and 'beds.' We would commend to the attention of the Bishop the words of the Mosaic Law (Lev. xi. 33), ' whether it be any vessel of wood, or raiment, or skin, or sack, whatsoever vessel it be wherein any work is done, it must be put into water, and it shall be unclean until the even ; so it shall be cleansed.' The Septuagint here uses a form of bapto fat the phrase 'it must he put into water.' The testimony of Maimonides is also very decided. In bia Commentary he says:— 'Every vessel of wood— as a table or bed -receives defilement, and these were washed by covering in water; and very nice and particular they were that they might be covered all over.' As to the meaning of baplizein, what we want is not conjecture or imagination, but facts that amount to conclusive evidence. We. on our pait* do bring forward abundant proofs which demon strate that baptizein means immersion; and .we ask for evidence that in any single instance it means either sprinkling or pouring. The Pastoral Address tells us that the Saviour did not immerse Himself on returning from the market I am not aware that any one supposed He did; lutthat the immersiou cf the whole person under certain circumstances was the custom with 'Pharisaic' Jews is in perfect harmony with the fact that ablutions were enjoined under the Mosaic ritual. The extreme scrupulousness of the Pharisees as to contact with those deemed to be less righteous than themselves would prompt them to do this: moreover, both travellers in Abyssinia, Egypt, and Palestine, and missionaries in India, tell us how often for religious purposes the people bathe themselves. Aa Jesus was at the head of a new religious movement, it was natural for a Pharisee to expect that He weuld exhibit a specially holy life, and as the Saviour did not con form to the particular custom, it excited surprise. Then as to eating with 'unwashen hands.' we are aware of the practice referral to in 2nd Kings, iii. 10; but why did not the Bishop take note of the | fact that the Septuagint employs the word cpichtein (corresponding to the Hebrew yatzak). , the ordinary, meaning of which is to 'pour out?* Besides, the phrase is 'poured water on the hands;' but where iu the New Testament, iu the Septnagint, or elsewhere do we find such a phrase as 'baptized water on' the hands, head, feet person, or on anything else? The fact is. no such language is to be found or could possibly have beeu used, for the dear reason, that baplizein always means to immerse, and we cannot immerse water on an object, but we immerse an object ' in water/* Hence it is quite possible to immerse hands or feet in water; but it is obvious that to have water poured by a servant on either hands or feet, and to put our hands or feet in water, are two distinct operations, and hence are described in Greek by two radically distinct words. The Bishop further says the nation of Israel was not ' immersed' in the cloud when passing through the Ked Sea. Were they 'sprinkled' in the cloud, or were they 'poured' in the cloud? Where is there a particle of evidence that a single drop of water touched any Israelite that nightt The Scripture allusions give ub reason to believe that neither spray of the sea nor atmospheric rain interfered with that solemn march through the depths. Indeed, both rain and spray on that night so far as the Israelites are concerned, are pure figments of the imagination. The real fact is that Israel's host accomplished iat part of their eventful journey, as they did all tie rest of it under the special guidance of ' the cloud,' which was as a pillar of fire by night and a pillar of cloud by day. From the necessities of the case this cloud was over them in that night's march in so remarkable a manner that they were very appropriately described by the Apostle as having been under it. No Greek word save bap tizein could have so fitly given expression to this fact It is quite true that under the Mosaic economy blood was sprinkled on the altar, &a;, only the fact is that blood is never said to have been im mersed (baptizein), but sprinkled (rhanlizeinj on the altar. Alluding to the Pentecost the Bishop says the Apostles were not 'immersed with the Holy Ghost.' Till one instance can be adduced where immersion is impossible as the meaning of baptizein we shall believe that the Apostles were immersed, not with, but 'in' the Holy Spirit and 'in fire. The narrative tells us 'it filled all the place where they were sitting.' It is quite true that a cloven tongue 'sat' ou each of the Apostles ; but the cloven tongue is not said to have been sprinkled, poured, or immersed on their heads. For the fuller exposition of this and other points we refer to the little book 'Scripture Immersion.' The Bishop adverts to the new unautho rized version. It would seem as if its being unauthorized is a defect I suspect that in these days in re'igions matters a thing being by royal authority does not carry much weight among the people. Certain it is that the occupants of the British throne have in the last three centuries 'authorized' a great deal they should not have done. Perhaps the Bishop coin cides with the views of Dean Alford, as given in the January number of Good Words. We should like to see a 'new version' brought out under the auspices of the proposed Public Commission. We think it would do much to advance the true know leuiic oi izou s inspireu truwi ; uui wueiucc iu would command anything like general acceptance is somewhat problematical, and must we suppose, be deemed so by the Bishop, as he speaks of the eccle siastical) jurisdiction of the Head of the British nation as an 'effete supremacy;' Friends of the British Mid Foreign Bible Society would do well to remember that taking into view all the versions of the Bible m existence, amounting to hun dreds, it would be difficult to find a dozen that are authorized in the sense implied. Most of the versions have the imprimatur of the British and Foreign Bible Society, and the ' Kevi&ed; New Version' has that of the American Bible Union, We grant that the former of these Societies is older, has the largest constituency, and possesses more money and influence; but numbers, money, and influence have nothing to do with questions of truth and accuracy. As to the sclioltrsliip of the respective Societies, the American Bible Union courts the most searching ordeal. VVe think the several denominational addresses delivered during the past few months are adapted to promote the cause of truth. It will be deemed by many an advance on the part of the Episcopalian body that its Bishop has undertaken to criticize (in a friendly and Christian spirit, we believe) the views held by some other denominations. We accept the strictures in all kindliness of spirit, ami hope that the expression of our own sentiments may be received in the same spirit T am Kit* &-? SILAS MEAD. 4\. Clara-terrace, May 19, 1SGS. IWe are always anxious to keep our columns nlear of polemics, but as the questions discussed in the foregoing letter were raised in our report of the proceedings of Synod, we feel bound to insert a reply bv a representative minister of the Church referred to, writing in his own name.— Ed.] 