AncnmL Isior M.A NLNo o THE Ins8n QCES Tiox.-Archbishop Manning has addressed a letter to Lord Grey on the Irish question. He repudiates altogether the argument that it is necessary to endow the Catholic church, or that the clergy and people of Ireland would willingly accept state payment. He thus states the causes of Irish discontent: "So long as there exists upon the statute book any penal enactment against the Catho. lie religion; so long as the Catholic people of Ireland are deprived of a bona-fide Catholic education; so long as a Protestant church establishment is maintained by law over the face of Catholic Ireland; and so long as the people of Ireland fail to derive from the land such a subsistence as the labourers and farmers of England and Scot land derive from the soil, there must be a just discontent, which will be the misery of Ireland and the danger of England." IHe urges the repeal of all penal' enactments against the church to which he belongs, and demands such a modification of the national education board as shall make the existing schools bona.fide denominational schools of the Catholio and of the Protestant popula tions respectively. He also, as we understand him, asks a charter and an endowment for the Catholio university. With reference to the Irish church, he suggests that there are many works of piety and charity much needed in Ireland which would absorb much of its revenues. "The rest would go direct to the poor if it were applied to such a settlement of the land as would lift the families of the poor by: giving them an interest in the soi." The rest of the letter is devoted to the land question; and in the course of the observations upon this point of his subject, the Archbishop affirms that such an abuse of the rights of property as exists in Ireland is without parallel in the continent of Europe. " Groat Britain and Ireland," he says, "cannot any longer be straightened in the penal. statutes of Cromwell and the revolution. We have outgrown not only our swaddling clothes and the gear of our child hood; we have become an empire of, many races and of many religions; and the worst enemy of our civil and religious peace could devise no surer policy of discord, and no more fatal device of ruin, than the attempt to keep alive the ascendancy of race over race, religion over religion, of church over church. A policy of absolute equality in religion is alone imperial, and, I will add, if the empire is to hold together, is alone possible. It is already,' with few and slight lingering im perfections, realised in our colonies. Canada and Australia have led the way, and are teaching the mother country how to live. I trust we shall not be too proud to learn our lesson. As one who towards the end of life can look back without discerning a deed or word at variance' with the heartfelt loyalty of an Englishman, and as one who next after that which is not of this world desires earnestly .to seeo maintained the unity, solidity, and prosperity of the British em pire, I mpilore all who are near the springs of sovereign power, and are able to guide by their wisdom the course of legislation, to take no rest 'until they shall have raised Ireland' to an absolute, oquality, social, political,, and religious, with England and Scotland, and shall have won back the love and fidelity of the noble-hearted, generous, heroio people of Catholic Ireland." THE, SEA ON FIRE A.n FIsin KI?iLEn iy IInta.-An explosion, followed by a fire, from which the whole of the shipping in the docks at Havro was for a time in danger of destruction, occurred lately. At .about eleven in the morning of the 23rd March, a loud detonation was hoard in the Barre basin, and at the same moment columns of flame and smoke burst from a largo vessel named the Fanchotte moored alongside the quay, and on which four hundred barrels of essence of petroleum were embarked: Only one man was on board at the moment,' and having just entered the cabin, was thus pro. tected from the eoffects of the explosion. Iloe was, however, slightly burnt on the head, but succeeded in getting ashore., It being Sunday morning, few persons were near the spot; but assistance promptly. arrived, and stops were taken to remove the other craft in the basin out of danger. Mr. IIagenow of the Transatlantlo Company's service; had in the meantime, at great peril, crossed the burning vessol to unchain some others which woere moored outside her, and which were at once towed away~. No attempts were made to extinguish the fire, as they manifestly would have been useless. . The flames had, howovor, oommunicoted to some' construe; tions on the quay, and to a pile of cam peachy wood, but were, in these cases, got under. The dock gates had in the mean time been opened, and all the vessels were being hauled Into the adjoining basins, and just as the last had been got away, the hawser which hold the Fanchette was burnt through, and she commenced to drift towards the floating-dock, which could not be re moved, and was left alone in the basin. Mi. IIagenow, already mentioned, and a Captain Grow, immediately put off in boats, and, notwithstanding the Immense heat thrown out by the fire, succoeded in getting suffi ciently near to throw grappling.irons on board the vessel, which was then towed away and allowed to burn out. .The liquid had floated on the water, which was covered with flames and made so hot that large numbers of dead fish were afterwards found, having been killed by the unusual tempera ture. More than thirty thousand persons lined the quays during the latter part of the disaster; there was no wind at the time, and the flames rose to an immense height, forming a magnificent spectacle. The cause of the exnlosion is not known.-Express. DIsEasB P'RODUCED nY SBLEEPIr TO ormnrn.-During the night there is con siderable exhalation from our bodies, and at the same time we absorb a large quantity of the vapours of the surrounding air. Two healthy young children sleeping together will mutually giveo and receive healthy ex halations; but an old, weak person near a child will, in exchange for health, only re turn weakness. A sick mother near her daughter communicates sickly emanations to her; If the mother has a cough of long duration, the daughter will at some time also cough and suffer by it; if the mother has pulmonary consumption, it will be ultimately communicated to her child. It is known that the bed of a consumptive is a powerful and sure source of contagion, as well for men as for women, and the more so for young persons. Parents and friends ought to oppose as much as in their power, the sleeping together of old and young per sons, of the sick and of the healthy. Another reason ought to forbid every mother or nurse keeping small children with them in bed; notwithstanding the voice of prudence, no year passes that we do not hear of a new involuntary infanticide. A baby full of life, health, and vigour in the evening, is found dead the next morn ing, suffocated by the parents or nurse. It is not because the Empress Eugenie is the wife of Napoleon III. that she sets the fashion, oven to those who do not. go to court, and who turn up their noses at her entourage. She is considerably older, and evidently not handsomer, than was the Duchesso de Nemours, when she left France to die in exile; but she has the chic, if I may use such a word, that the Orleans prin. cesses did not possess; and the quietest dowager, before she ventures to adopt a coiffure, as well as the gayest lady of the demi-monde, will cast a look to see what the Empress wears. Strange to say, the supreme good taste and elegance which reign in her Majesty's toilet were by no moans conspicuous In her younger days; for, as Mademoiselle Montijo, she was voted beauti ful and charming, but very ill- dressed. I recollect when a boy seeing a strange couple-a Mr. and Mrs. Tubervillo, who were famed for their eccentricities. Mr. Tuberville was related to Sir Thomas Pie ton, but did not possess the talent or dis cretion of that gallant general. Upon one occasion, at a dinner at Dunraven Castle, after the ladies had retired, Mr. Tuborville observed to a gentleman present that the woman who had sat at his right was the ugliest he had ever seen; upon which the gentleman said, "I am sorry to hear that you think my wife so ill.looking." "Oh, no, sir ; I have made a mistake; I mean the lady who sat on my left." - "Well, sir, she is my sister." "It can't be helped, sir, then; for if what you have said is true, I must confess I never saw such an ugly family during the course of my life." :The nickname of "the upper ten thou sand," says the Spectator, seems to involve a numerical mistake. It appears from some tables just presented to the Statistical Society by Mr. Dudley Baxter, tables based upon income-tax returns, that 7084 persons possess £112,040,000 a year, being one seventh of the whole national income as re turned, perhaps one-fifth of the whole real income-much income being returned twice, as that of the state employes-and ono fourth of all the income derived from pro. porty. The entire income of the 1,860,000 families which pay loss than £300 a year is not equal to that of these upper seven thou sand. There are moreover, only 47,504 households in England returning more than £1000 a year. It will be remembered also that only 32,000 persons possess in Great Britain more than ton acres apiece. The deduction from all those facts is, that there are but 7000 families in England deserving to be called rich, that is, with more than £5000 a year; and less than 50,000 who are comfortable, that is, have:more than £1000 from all sources. STnn Cnosce or FnImn s.-There is a proverb extant, that a man is known by his friends-that is, by the company be keeps; but this, like most saws, is a very untrust. worthy guide to character. What a mistake, for example, would that man have made who judged Walter Scott from what he knew of cott's crony, John Ballantyne. We choose our friends for, dissimilarity to ourselves, almost as much for likeness. The' taciturn often selects the-gay and buoyant for his companions, and the philosopher the man'of practical details. A favourite pursuit, a common amusement even, will cause men to associate with each other, quite as much as any sympathy of opluion. The bond of union between two men is often unintelligible to others, for the mere pleasure we take in each other's society gooes further to gain friendship than all the virtues combined, and that plea. sure may be unaccountable even to ourselves. Undoubtedly, respect should. grow. with friendship; but the origin of it is rarely due to that cause. Many respectable' and well established firms of friends owe their begin nings, indeed, to almost as trivial incidents as does love itself; a. striking or: humourous manner of treating some subject of conversa. tlon; an honest avowal ofbsome mental or moral deficiency ' amanful deflence of opinion against odds; nay, a happy turn of expression even, may so tickle the heartatrlings, that we oexclaim to ourselves, "what a capital fellow this man must be 1" and so the first stone of a life-long intimacy may be laid., A wise man will never neglect an opportunity that Is thus afforded rhim, notwithstanding that, as we grow it years, our interest i new people becomes very feeble, and our hopes of meet. ing anybody worth knowing low indeed. Cbambrs's Journal. A WzLLY- EAirED RErmRAnux.-A g0od deal of latitude must be allowed a consul where he conceives the Interests of his country are at stake; but there is a pretty general agreement to condomn him if he shoulders a rifle and gratuitously partici pates in an internal contest. During the time of the late Garibaldian invasion of the Roman States, letters in our own columns; and in the contine'ntal journals, commonted upon the extraordinary proceedings of the American consul at Rome, who was alleged ' to have marched out with the Pontifical troops, and to have given them material aid as well as his conspicuous sympathy in their inglorious combats with the Garibaldians. We see by the American papers that the indiscreet omcial has been called upon by Mr. Seward to explain. He says, in do fence, that he went out with the Papalini, 1 and remained with themi four days, purely from the desire to' obtain reliable informa tion. lie only used the rifle once, and that was when 'a Garibaldian sharpshooter was covering himwith his weapon. Mr. Seward, in reply, says that his explanation sub stantially justifies the complaint. No in structions from his government required or authorised him to attend the Pontifical army in the field, either as a belligerent or as a spectator. No interest of the United States could be served by such a proceeding. Had he been prudent he would have avoided the condition of finding himself unexpectedly under fire, and would have saved himself from the necessity of considering the ques tion of retreat. In conclusion, the secretary says :-"Your conduct is for these reasons entirely disapproved. It will depend in part upon your own better conduct hereafter, and ia' some part upon circumstances not yet fully understood, whether the department can be content to leave the case with the reprimand." No doubt this "wigging" will render the consul more circumspect in future should Garibaldi appear in the neighbour hood again,.and will persuade him to be content with the ordinary sources of inform ation. A thirst for news, which takes a consul out four days with an expeditionary force is likely to be prejudicial in the long run to his personal intorests.--Express. 'r An amusing ghost story is told by a Beech worth paper, at the oxpenoo, of course, of a new arrival from the Emerald Isle. A farm laborer recently imported from the land of saints and fairies was employed on a large farm, and after supper in the darkness of the eveniug was sent out to drive in the cow from the neighbouring paddock. Our hero, in looking about for the cow, was horrified to see through the gloom a strange-looking shape robed in white, moving silently towards him. Horrified; he gazed on the approaching intruder, until within a few feet of him, when fear obtained the mastery over him, and giving vent to an unearthly yell, which was distinctly heard at the farm-house, he incon tinently made tracks, at a rate that would have defied competition. Rushing headlong into.the house, ho startled everybody by exclaiming, " O murther, I've seen a ghost, and I believe it's me father's." No argu ments could induce him to venture out again in quest of the cow; and the good man of the house, waxing indignant at what he termed the superstitious fears of his man, went out himself; but had scarcely got his nose out side the door when the spectral visitor ap peared before him a few yards distant. The ghostly appearance resolved itself, on closer inspection, into the identical cow of the farmer. Divesting the cow. of its graveliko habiliments, the farmer carried them inside, where they were recognized as the remnants of a large counterpane which had been put on, the grass,to bleach, and whichby some means the cow, while grazing, had pickedup with her horns, and in her struggles' to get rid of her unwelcome guest, fastened inex tricably on them. The labourer has since left the locality, for,hle could not stand the many queries as to whether he had seen his father's ghost lately. "' "What 'do, you mean by a cat-and-dog life?" said a husband to his angry.wife. "Look at Carlo and Kitty asleep on the rug together, I wish men lived half so peaceably with their wives." !' Stop," said the lady, "tio them together, and see how they will agree." :A grand jury in the county of Tipporary once passed' the following resolutions: Resolved: That the present gaol is insuffi cient, and that another ought to be built. Resolved: That the 'materials of the old gaol be employed in constructing the now one. Resolved: That the old gaol shall not be taken.down until the new one is fin ished. " : ' 