ST. JOH1N'S CIIUltI(!i. The formal instltution of tile ay. hi. It. BIrownrigg to the cure of St. John's took place on Sunday mnorn. log lnot. The Von Archdeacon lotleoy wass the institutlng minister, nod at the appolnted honr took his ltieco t the Communion 'able. The lRev. W. A. Urooko occupied the reading desk, while the eow incumbent and the churchwardlens (Messnrs Coampion, Fuller, and Hnrrali), occupied seatsl In the choncel, outidlo the commnlunio ralls, Theo sual mornilng service having been read by tile lev. W. A, Blrooke, tihe Archdlleaco eomtmenced the lstlitution office, and read the Ilishop's letter of institution, Immediately after which l r lnrrp, tlle minisolter's wrdnoo, pro sented the koys of the church to ithe now inlcumbent, addressing hinl us follows :-" In the name and on bhlalf of iSt. Jsohn's Chlul-e, I do recoleve and acknowledge you, thle Iev. Marcou Blake Ilrownrigg, as ilncumbenlit if `le sanle, end in ltken tllhreof cive into iyour lantls tlle keys of thist churchl." The euv. Sir. Ilrownrigg thlie replied no follows :-" 1, IMarcos IIInko ltrownsrigg receive thlese keys of tihe house or (lid at your hands, as the ploedges of my institution, and i fyour parollinal recognitione, ld Ipromlise by the Ielp of God to Ce a lalillhfl shepherd over yen, in tile unam of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Itoly Ghost." After prayer olfered, the Archdeacon received the now minister within the communlnion rails, and presented him with tile Biido antd Book of Common ra'yer, sayings-" Iteeivo these books, and lo: them be the rule of thy conduct its dispensing the l)ivino Word, in lending tile devotions of the people, and in exercising the discipline of tile ChurchI tand he thou in all things a pattern to the flock committed to thy care." An anthem was then chanted by the choir. and after ite remaining prayers in the office were said,the Archdeacon ascended the pulpit and preached from the 122Ond Pslm i, 6h vers-" Pray for tile peace of Jerusalem . they shall Irosper that love thee." The Holy Communion was afterwards administered by the Rev. IIr. 1rownrigg to a largo number of the members of tile churcht, and at the conclusion of the service tihe seniot warden, Mr. Campion, in a few words bal !lthe rev gentleman welcome. In the evening tile Rev. Mr. ltrownrigg conducted liae entire service, and preached a mtost ltnlpresiv sermrOn Irons ite 7th. 8! and 9th verses ol tile 33rd clhnlter of Ezekicl--" And when 1 shall put thee ant, I will cover the heaven, and make tho stars thereof dark; 1 will cover the sun with a cloud, and tilhe moont sall not give her light. All the brigllt lights of heaven will I miake dark over thee, and set daskness upon thly hand, saith the Lord God. I will also vex tie hlearts of mnaluy people, when I shall bring thy di struetion oneong the netions, into the countries wlich tllou Iast not known." Mlr.llrownrieg announced his intention of holding service at St. John's overy Thursday evening at 7 o'clock, conl InoncinaigtCis week, tile custolnnry service on Wed nesday mornings being continued as heretofore. We congratulat tie econgregation of St. John's upon tllheir new minister, and wish him success in his work. LAUNcsSTON AND WISTERnIN RAILWAY. Mr. Overend, otne of tile contractors for this work, arrived by the Derwent on Saturday, and with him a portion of the plnnt for commencing operations. The latter was a source oe interest to hundreds who visited the yards since the material was received. Further shipments are looked for by the Tasmnlia and succeeding steamers Operations will be commenced speedily; as soon as the worst part of our winter is over, say in about three weeks, it is expee:ed that a large body of melt will be at work. Already some four hundrcd mten have applied for employ ment : these are from all parts of the colony'. The cuttings at the Cocked IIat will, we under stand, be amongst the first proceeded with. This will entail a re-distribution of tile disticet police, respecltilg whieb the authorities are now rasking their arrangements. OYSTErn CULTunei.-Oyster Culture, n compilation of facts by J. E. Calder, James Ilarnard, Government Printer, Hlobart Town, pp 30, is a pamphilet beautifully got up, and contains much interesting information concerning this hivalve molluse. WeesT T''AMA ROAD.--Complsins aore made that the lower portion of tlie 1Wes 'I'Trnar road is ins ?toy bad state, tloughll the rates for the roadt and bridge are very lighl. Ti?e NoW FI"eiL.-Weo have received from Messrs. \Valch tiros. and Blrchall a copiy of a plmphllet published by G. Street, 30 Cornhill, London, entitled " The new fluid for pastoral and agricultural pursuits, being a description of tile province of Southilnd, Now Z'ahlaind, with map.' It is the prize pamphlet published by atthority, to whicsh are appendeld extracts froml a visit to the e.stern district of Southland. The pamptllet is intended for circulation in Englaud cllicfly. Land can be obtained at a pound nn acre; and the charge or agisitment on crown land is for every head of great cattle, 5s; for every head of small cattle Is per nnnlum. TRESPASS BY GOATS AND CATTLE.-- It nna action tried by Sir F. Smith at Hobart Town, on Thursday. for damage by trespass of goats on an orchard, the learned Judge gave an important ruling. which will, no doubt, be beneficial, to tile effect that owners of goats and other animals are bound to keep them properly confined, and not to allow them to trespass on other person's property. I Also that no person is boud by law to fence his land against his neighbor's cattle. CounT or REQUtsiTs.-- The sitting of this Court for the present month takes place to-day and to-merrow. TIIEATRE ROYAL.-The popular tragdilan, Mr. Stark. and the talented stall' ceompnnying him, con inue to draw goeod Ionues at the Th'letre Rtoyal. On Sa'urday evening SDr. Stark imperson ated Sir Edward Mottiomr In "Th'e Iron Chest ;" and last evening he appeared as " Richard the iII." " In omar" will be produced to-night. MAIt LINE RAItwA.Y.-A public meeting was lleld at Franklin on Thursday, when tite usual resolutions in favor of the introduction o' a railway policy, Iscvi.g for its primary object the construction on a line of railway between Ihobart Towno, and Launceston, were agreed to unonol mously. Tssn SaLnton.-Inftlrmatlon has been received In town (says I:h Alercury ofyesterday) to the effect that tsalnlon have been seent In the Ouse river. Tie information is of the most reli.ble kind, an i reports two aith aios lving been seen spawning. Mr. horton Ailport and other gentlemlen have pro ceeled to the locality, with the determination of cnpture one of the fish, if possible, and to set at tet ill doubts as to the absaoluta success of the expe ri mcnt. 