THE CHURCH AND LIBERTY. It' has been a hundred times .said that the Catholic Church was the enemy of liberty, that she had fostered despotism, and en slaved the minds and hearts of men. As a proof it is asserted that states, in proportion as they are Catholic, are de based, contemptible, and in all political, social, and moral concerns every day retro grading and falling lowor and lower in the scal|e of civilisation. Such assertions are false to all those who have eyes to see, and intelligence to understand, but to those who repeat thorn, what arc tho evidences of logic and history? Catholina knMW from whom they have received liberty, and whose hands have snatched it away from them, and deprived them for nearly three centuries of all social rights ; who tried by fire, and sword, and even by corruption, to pervert their consciences and enslave them. Protestants have also read history, their memory is, as vivid as that of Catholics, but like the men of Plato's cavern, they shut their eyes and turn their back to the ngnt, ano t;ien bLispiiome and deny the surB existence. The name odious and filse charges they incessantly bring forth, and pei'Suade themselves that by frequently and loudPy repeating them, perhaps the world will at length believe them. ' In the confinel space wd can here afford, we will, not with a controversial intention, since those against whom we write do not wanttoueenhghteueil : 'noluitintelligoreut bene agerot, ' but merely to reas- ert the truth— state the doctrines of the Church on liberty, and show how they were brought into practice, down to the time of the Reformation, ending with some considera tions on the progress made since by liberty To avoid confusion, we must at once divide our subject, and for the pro sent treat only of social liberty, postponing to another issue our considerations on liberty of thought. s 1. — The doctrines of the Catholic Church on .social liberty, according to the declarations of the councils and Popes, are thus summarized by the most approved theologians : man was not created to live alone ; his existence supposes a family, his inclinations tend to the formation of another, without which mankind could not perpetuate itself. Families have with one another intimate and indestructible re lations : they have common wants and necessities ; not one could be happy, nor even preserve itself without the help of others ; hence the necessity of forming a society to unite and combine the common physical and moral strength. This society could not subsist without order, nor order without justice; and justice as well as order needs a guardian, an interpreter, an executive power. This is the civil power. God who created man, and willed his pre servation, has consequenTJy willed the ex istence of society and that of civil power, its necessary consequence. Ience the .civil power, as such, it perfectly con /formable to the will of God in the same degree as the paternal power, for if a family require the latter,'-the former is no less ab solutely necessary to soeiety. Beside it 'has pleased the Holy Ghost to set this question beyond all doubts and discussions by declaring in the Holy .Scriptures that ' By Him, Kings reign, and lawgivers de cree just things ' Hence the command of the Apostle : ' Let every one be subject to higher powers- for there is no power but from God, and those that are, are ordained of God. Therefore he that re- sisteth the power, resisteth the ordinanco of God. And they they that resist pur chase to themselves damnation.' Such is the doctrine of the church on the origin of the civil power :, which it repr - sents to us 'as founded both on the natural and divine right , it is in perfect accord ance with the 'Word of God,' on which it rests, of which it is merely and simply a declaration, as cvery one of the dogmas she proposes to our faith. Such is the " divine right' of-- all ruling powers under whatever name and form, instituted not by the Church, but by the' author of society, of man himseif, and there is no other' acknowledged by the' church, although Protestants and false Catholics accuse her of attributing another to this or that form of Government, this or that family or in- dividual. Saint John Chrysostom thus refutes them all : 'There is no power but from God. What do you say? Every prince is then ordained of God ! I do not say this, since I am not speaking of any prince in particular, but of the thing itself that is to say of the power itself. I assert that the existence of principality is the work of the divine wisdom, and that through the divine wisdom alone things are not left to a blind chance. Hence, the Apostle does not say : there is no prince but from God, but speaking of the thing itself : there is no power but from God.' (Ham 23. in Epist. ad Rom.) The same calumny is further unmasked by the generality of Catholic theologians explaining thus how the power is trans mitted from bociety to individuals. Civil power, they say, which resides not in each member of tin community, nor in any one in particular, but in the whole community, is by it transmitted to the ruler, or rulers' whom the community chooses in the form and manner the law of nations directs ; so that no one can legitimately wield this power' unless it has been directly or indirectly communicated to him by the community. This is the doctrine of St. Thomas who preceded the Reformation by three centu- ries ; he had himself learned it at the school of Catholic tradition, and all the theolo- gians who have after him edified the church by treaties -on the laws. We read ' it is certain that the power of lawgiving exists in no one individually, but in the whole community which transmits it to' one or more, in order that he or they may rule the community.' (Deleg. c. 1., d. %,' n. 104.) Without pausing here to call our; rc«ders attention and point out to then!1 whxt an aby^s there exists between such'. principles and fostering 'tyranny, trampling down the rights of the people, we pass on to the attributes of the' civil power as acknowledged and taught by the Church. There, agam, we will see justice and truth embracing each other (to. borrow the lan guage of the Bible), and liberty founded by both. '!'ho civil power acts on society 'by means of the law ; according to St. Thomas/ the law is ' Quacdam rationis ordinatio ad bonum co'umuno, ab eo qui curam coni-^ 'nunitatis habet promulgata;' that is tbv say : an ore! mince dictated by reason — not- by forco nor by rhe arbitrary will of ,th«^ law-giver, and having -for its object the^ common good — consequently, not the gratis Hcation of the ambition or the cupidity 'oft tho ruler, for v}-at oi a favoured few, pro-' niuJga^d by him who has the care of the' community. According to the holy doctor,1 explaining hi.s definition, the will of the[ law-guar lias nothing to do but to sanction^ the d^ct ^tes of reason and cause them to' be executed; otherwise, his will would be5 r.ithor on iniquity than a law. Just laws*' he coHhnues, oh lge in conscience, and thi^ power ot ob ioing i* communicated to them? by the oternxt laws from which they ar^ derived. As for imjust laws, Si' Thoi-rms diyemgnishes two cases : firstly,! whfn the ordinances of the human law-1 giver arc in oiJl r^^ition to the Divine law£ as we fceJd ia'lae Acts,.;' We oiiffht/'to obi)} God ivUsier than, men.' Secondly/ civil (&Vb; rnav ,i!.so be unjust in this sense,*: thut tnoy t»rt ki opposition to the commoik hvv, or dj no-, tdnd^toifejiior, again, when; the - la.1 '-^t\rci ''i'as exceeded his power ; ov i'lslly, »vhen hie. commands are not equifc. ? ab e , i'-rui%iruw, when the charges they, inip )au 'upon; The people are not equally assessed., Such laws do not oblige in con sjience , ^ul,, iC people, submit to them, it is on f o av^ri scandals and troubles. .f If t( o* - are doutrihes favourable M despotism and oppression, we confess that we ar,i iswhojdu^ of :this oppression and despotism; for we cannot conceive any other rlh.-t c®. i Id he declared favourable to liberty. ! T i j-,e pnnMples did not remain buried v\ t e ' 'rrliny^s of the cloisters;' they form i-i tae M-uile of the .public and daily ic^o 1 1 nq r i the chairs of the universities and the pulpits; they pervaded the laws and constitutions throughout the middle ages; -ig t.l-e time when. councils and pajM bul a ru.«'^{ «ociety, and- the Church was the o l - moral strength of the Christian re public. .^ Practice was,. not always in accord ance with theories,. but we must not forget the disorganised state of society after the fall of the Roman Empire. The minds and ifWts of the nations of Europe enerrated ftnd corrupted by a civilisation from which virtue was almost banished had to be reno vated and transformed. The incessant flow of barbarous invaders had to be for ?yer watched and the breaches they made in the regenerating work of the Church con tinually repaired. The tribes which per adventure settled in some parts of Europe had to be redeemed little by little, man by xn'an, out of their native savagery, and formed first into civilised beings, and then i&to; Christians. This labour, like that of the fabled Sysiphus seemed every year to begin again, on account of the wild out* bursts of the passions of these apparently irreclaimable generations and above all the thousand obstacles from the heresies con stantly springing ? up afresh. However, the work was progressing, civilisation had pervaded society, and individuals as well as society were rapidly advancing towards perfection at the end of the fifteenth and the beginning of the sixteenth century. Qibbon says that the Bishops had made Prance as bees make their hive, this could be 'said .of the whole of Europe. . At this moment Europe presents a won derful spectacle : at the head of societies Stands a civil power strong and without rival, which restrains passions, balances Interests and prevents the recurrence of these fatal struggles and feuds, the bane of society in the middle ages. The ad ministration of justice has already _a system -)f moral and equitable legislation which directs all sentences ; and the adminisbra tiye government has taken an immense step towards perfection by the establishment -)f municipalities. The aristocracy exists Sjbill, but vanquished and mortally Wounded; the feudal castles are abandoned and the nobles throng the Courts and yield to the superiority of the monarchs and the all invading, although but recently called to existence, power of the democracy. The people who had been a chattel under the reign of Pagan ?wisdom, and for ages only a ' taxable and Tforkable matter,' have now been taiight fey the Uhurch that they have souls like taeir lords, and that being their equals before God, they have also like them rights &9 well as duties in society. All the great means of action were in vented or rapidly developing themselves. Printing newly discovered already trans mitted ideas from one end of the world to the \- Other, and assured their diffusion and pre servation to the generations of the future. Relations between peoples, had become more intimate and more frequent. The revival of letters and arts was an accom plished fact ; sciences were more and bet ttr cultivated. The spirit of travel and commerce, the discovery of a new road to the East Indies, and that of America, the preference given to political negociation in the regulation of international affairs, all Combined to give to individuals and society a strong impulse, to communicate to them a new life and awake at once all the feeulties of men. A wonderful extension of intelligence is everywhere manifested, aumberless improvements take place and a Strong longing and tendency towards greater ameliorations and a more perfect organisation shows itself in a thousand ways. ( We cannot show here by what means the Church had brought this to pass, suf fice it to Bay that she had done it alone, for she alone was for centuries the guide and mistress of the succeeding generations. On© thing only we will add by way of con eluding, it is, that from the Reformation dates the greatest increase of the monar chical power in Europe. Explain who will this coincidence, but it is a fact that, for instance, England had never known such a despotism as that of Henry VIII. Thus in France, kings after the Wars of religion have become absolute, in Bweeden their power is almost illimited : absolutism has increased and perpetuated itself in Denmark. The Kingdom of Prussia is founded subsequent to the Reformation and by Protestants, and there also absolutism prevails. The same may be aaid of Austria, whilst the Re publics in Italy disappear one after the ?ther, and Spain, where the people had ptrhaps until then taken most pait in the Affairs of the State, saw the ancient Cortes of Castile, Ar&gon;, Valencia and Catalonia fell into disuse. It is true that since then, in «ur own ttme» some people assert that -we have re f$T«n& &« lost growtt^ that liberty is pro gressing, and already they hail with shouts of triumph the advent of democracy and the reign of freedom ; but notwithstanding some others have still their doubts and even incredulity about it ; the progress if it has any reality, is only retrograde ; the principles on which our best politicians rest their most liberal theories are certainly not better than those of the theologians we have quoted, and if ever peoples are free they shall only be made such by truth : ' veritas liberabit voa,' the truth of which the Church alone is the guardian and teacher. 