AN ESSAY ON NOTHING. Ex nihilo nil fit. — Poddellius of Balmain. Doesn't there ! Well, dear Punch and Public, with all due deference to the profound wisdom of this eighth of the seven wise men of Syd ney, and with your permission, I'll see if I can't get something out of nothing, if it be but a column of nonsense for your hebdomadal illuminator. And I feel pretty sure the greater part of vour causti- cally-witty, and wittily- caustic contributors, will side with me in proving a reductio ad absurdum of the Poddellian aphorism. Now put the case algebraically, arithmetically, geometrically, and trigo- nometrically. Given the present state of Sydney, to find (on Friday) a Punch. This done, as in all reason we may anticipate it will be, the argu ment is quashed, and Poddellius has nothing left to stand on, nothing to do but insert his stupid head in a bag, and take a back seat for ever after. For I appeal to you if, with the exception of the three hours that take their ISO, (yes, that's right — 60 minutes to the hour, and 3 times 0 is 0, and 3 times 6 is 18) minute (not minuet) steps between 8 and 11 p.m., during which period friends Lyster and Hoskins open to the profane their various temples of enjoyment, is there one par ticle of fun, amusement, instruction, or improvement to be found, got, or arrived at in Sydney for the remaining twenty-one ? If any one say there be, " all I says is," like dear Boz's Cabman in glorious Pickwick, " all I says is, vere ?" — let him show me, and I'll shout. Again, to change from Sydney, as a whole, to some at least of its inhabitants — some of the blue-bloodocracy. Look at that huge mass of stone and mortar, six storey high, window above window, with cranes for ever lifting bales of costly ware to store therein — do you call that nothing ? Look at that mansion on the shore of the loud- sounding sea — do you call that nothing? Look at that carriage coming out of the gates — do you call that nothing ? Look at those young girls therein robed in fairy guise for the last ball — do you call them nothing ? Look at Young Hopeful as he does George-street — do you call him nothing ? And what did all these spring from ? Ex nihilo. Nay, frown not merchant prince ! blush not ye, his fayre ladye daughters ! purchase not hunting-whip, swell scion of the house ! I mean no harm. It was from nothing — nothing you see, touch, or feel — nothing but a word, and that was pluck. Again, from the sublime — for I slightly flatter myself, dear P. and p., that that last paragraph was sublime, quite Thack (no, no, " de mortuis nil nisi " — all peace on thy ashes) — well, not so bad, was it ? — as I said, from the sublime to the ridiculous — as another proof of the futility of the Balmainiac's proverb, let'us enter the domestic circle — place aux dames. I'm a married man, so crede experto: How much ! !J — in the way of curtain lectures — can one's wife make out of nothing? Can you, brother Benedick, see that spot of mud your boots left on the new floorcloth ? Can you smell that filthy tobacco in the new curtains ? Is not the first smaller even than Euclid's point ? which is nothing — and the second the mere ghost of a vapour, which is nothing — yet what a lot your wife makes of it ! Can you look into her wardrobe, her bonnet-boxes, and see (according to her account) nothing ? and yet what a lot you have to pay for it. Again, dear P. and p., do you remember grand Charles Matthews in Used Up ? Didn't he see the whole world, and found nothing, and yet he's made something by it ? And again, were you ever hard up, the bailiffs at your door, and your effects nothing ? — won't you discover something to your cost ? And while on this strain, do you ever read the papers ? the list of insolvents, with liabilities, say, one million, and assets nil or nothing, and don't they ever make anything out of it ? And again, may not kind words and looks mean nothing, and yet sometimes plant a seed of hope in a bruised heart, that yields a harvest of a hundredfold more than something ? Mr. Punch and Public, I don't believe there's such a thing as nothing, at least in this world, while it lasts. Certainly it was nothing, and it will be nothing, but while it is, there's no such thing as nothing in it. It's all a whole lot of somethings. I hate nothing. I must have something to love, While I am doomed. &c..; &c.; Chancer, Can. Pit. At any rate, dear Punch, I hope you'll allow I've made, as I pro mised, something out of nothing, and you, dear public, may find therein something to smile at, and nothing to raise a frown. 