OUR SCHOOL OF ARTS. ( To the Editor of the Chronicle .) Sib, — It is surprising that no reference has been made, ere this, in your columns, to the disgraceful state of our pseudo-institute, the School of Arts. Were a stranger to judge the people of Maryborough by the appearance and condi tion or this promising establishment — then but a very poor estimate could be entertain of the literary tastes of the inhabitants of tbis town. Such another filthy and disgusting hole, degrading the name of School of Arts (God save the mark !) was never witnessed among an educated community. The building seems as if formed purposely as a rendezvous for our passerine acquaint ances the swallows, so numerous are they in and around this flourishing structure. Like the harpies of old, which were such a plague to the pious iEneas, contactu omnia fcedant immundo — ' with their filthy touch they defile everything'— the walls, tables, floor, newspapers, and forms are all dabbled over with their refreshing relics; the last men tioned to such an extent as to make it quite a revolting proceeding to anyone at all parti cular '? to a shade' as regards his inexpres sibles, to sit down. In one corner is a filter, which by some extended freak of the imagi nation we can suppose to have contained water at some remote period in the history of Maryborough ; but such liquid, if it ever existed in that particular spot, has vanished, And, like the baseless fabric of a vision, Left not a trace behind. Placed in a conspicuous position, close to the aforesaid filter, is an article which one might guess formerly to have discharged the func tions of a tumbler, but which, through its coating of dust and dirt, has at length become a very doubtful piece of manufacture. As a matter of course all the other arrange ments connected with this flourishing piece of architecture, are in a corresponding state of progress ; and, the perfect harmony (in dis repair) of the whole would delight the eye of an antiquary— even of Sir Walter's himself. As to the purpose which brings members there (to read), they have often to depart dis appointed — I speak from experience — through tbe particular newspaper tbey require being non est. If by chance a member may wish to look at some back newspaper, he might as well search for it at Timbuctoo, as at the Maryborough School of Arts. It is 'too great trouble' to file the papers, says tbe autocrat, and as ' too great trouble' doesn't agree with the autocrat's delicate constitution, why, tbe members (and newspapers) suffer. Many more grievances could be submitted to the notice of the public, but that it would be hardly fair to occupy bo much of your journal with a topic seemingly of so lesser interest to the people of Maryborough, judg ing from their apparent apathy and inatten* tion to their institution. I will, therefore, conclude by referring to the last, and (to the ladies) the worst of tbe complaints I have to make regarding this place. I refer to smoking in the library. It is sometimes quite im fait difficile to distin guish our respected secretary amidst the nimbus of smoke which surrounds his sacred head. Indeed, I can assure you, Sir, that tbe said nimbus has bad such an effect upon the nervous organisation of your bumble servant, that after causing him (with tbe assistance of a heavy supper) three nightmares in succes sion, in which he saw a terrible, weird, and ghost-like figure, with a peaked beard (after the style of Vandyke) who disappeared in a cloud of tobacco-smoke, brandisbing a straight clay pipe, it has at length impelled him, in bis desperation, 'to rush where angels fear to tread' — into print.— Yours, Q October 5, 1868. 