M . ., f from the Courier.) M MARTMHMmHi. -TVenliiy— Eighty tons of atone ?\ train No. « North New Monklands, cradled by the ? ' Enterprise machine, bat yielded one thousand two ? hundred and ?emtnty-two ounowof sold after *U. ?\ hnndnd ounces had been previoualy taken from the ?\same*bt of stone. Some wyfine epeoimens of ?{qnartz&wn; the Carrie hav* beeneridbiW. ?, QuMsroxK.-fPoUudai, The fotndation. atone ? ** the new Government office. wat laid yesterday 1^; Palmer. , Theafeir mot .off /WBJ|pIeS£ ?— The -wBatiiw toatiU unchanged, andxin &uach; ?fo tfe. Water Police Magistrate *a* Jfe -boat WMr *w» Kanaka*, at tte mouth of the river There ^^Mody one isUadcronboanLandon the approach of the polioe lie jumped overboard, and apparently wu drowned. The police are in search of the India of both Islanders in the bay.— Bain fell yesterday for about two hoars. It extended to Gonngo Creek, which is running bank and bank. Sam is still thr»Mi*''g - Sytntzv.— Wednesday— The Government have called on the preaent Collector of Customs to show caaae why he refutes to re-accept his former posi tion ai Sub-Collector, and to permit Mr. Duncan to bejreinstated.— The writ has been issued for the Central Cumberland election.— The Judges have refused bail for those persons committed for the manslaughter of Rtnrimons — The Yarra Yarn, «.. will leave witu the English mail for Queensland on Saturday. j JlELBOtTEKE.— Wednesday— The P. & O.S.N. Cs.'b s.s. Avooa left for Sydney this morning. — Bishop Gould haa been, warmly received.— Seflars has defeated Carstairs in the prize fight. ! We have lately discovered a new phase of that peculiar industry known as trafficing in non transferable land-orders, and we give it publicity because it might possibly prove a source of profit to some of our enterprising readers. In the first place you purchase any number of £30 nontransfer able land-orders from bard -up owners at the minimum rate, Bay from £7 to £10, you get your powers of attorney, &c.;, properly executed, and then look abont the Downs for some of the 'eyes of the colony' — these are to be found among the portions of runs resumed by the Crown. Many of these it will, of course, be necessary for the original lessees to purchase almost at any price ; you go to them on the day of sale, and advise them that you have a certain amount of land-orders to invest on their run, but if they will take them over at £20 or £22 '(more according to circumstances) you will not be compolled to oppose them, but if not, you intend to purchase at any price; as the orders are useful under any circumstances, they are glad to be thus rid of a dangerous opponent, and you, of course, make plenty of money by the transaction. We heard of a good pile made in that way at late land sale. Tiierk was a very satisfactory attendance at the Amateur entertainment, given at St. Luke's School House, on Thursday evening, in aid of the prize fund 'of that School. The pieces consisted of well chosen selections, and the first part was introduced by the reading oE the ' Will of the King of Brent ford,' this was followed by a very pretty trifle, very carefully sung, entitled ' When time bath bereft thee,'— the duet of Friendship was also well received, and the song and chorus succeeding it met with that cordial reception which their execu tion deserved. la the second part, the three duets were very charmingly rendered, and the recitations of ' Clarence's Dream,' and the ' Black Job' pro duced two of the most hearty encores of the evening. ' Pour out the Wine Cup ' and 'Simon the Cel larer' were given in excellent taste, and with great spirit— an encore being accorded to the latter. A very agreeable variation was effected by the intro duction of several German glees and chorus songs, which were given by a portion of the German Phil harmonic Association. We understand that the proceeds have furnished a very handsome sum to the' fund for which it was raised. At the Toowoomba Police Court on Thursday Hugh Mackintosh was charged with unlawfully assaulting one Elizabeth Hewson. Mr. Boyle appeared for the prosecution, and Mr. Hamilton for the defenoe. The facts of the case were :— On the 12th instant the husband of the proBecutrix and herself were drinking at Moloney's public house with the defendant. Between eight and nine o'clock Hewson and his wife left to proceed home, and Hewson fell down on the way and cut his leg. Defendant soon came up, and Hewson, who was the worse for drink, asked him to see his wife home. When about half way across a paddock, which had to be passed over on the way to her teut, the defendant put his hand on her shoulder, and caught bold of her round the waist. Two men, Elliott and Kelly, then came up. On the invitation of de fendant they all proceeded to the Spring Hill Hotel, where he (defendant) called for drinks round. Mrs. Hewson was escorted home by Kelly. She said nothing of the matter until nearly a week after wards as she thought he might 'do something rash. '' Elliott stated that when he saw defendant and prosecutrix standing together the latter did not appear in the least excited, nor did he hear any screams. His Worship did not consider the charge proved and dismissed the case. Yesterday n carrier named Thomas Muir was fined £1, and cost of Court, for unlawfully absenting himself at such a distance from his dray and horses as not to have proper con trol over them. A meeting of the subscribers to the St. Lukess Church Building fund was advertised for Wednes day evening last, and was called for the purpose of fixing the site of the new church ; the interest excited in the matter was sufficient only to draw an attendance of four, and tho meeting was conse quently adjourned to Monday afternoon next. The English Mail may be expected in Toowoomba on Monday afternoon as we perceive by our latest telegrams that the mail Bteamer Avoca passed Two fold Bay at S a.m. yesterday. That place is about half-way between Sydney and Melbourne, and therefore the steamer may be expected to reach Sydney about twenty-fours later, that is to say during the forenoon of Thursday. The Yarra Yarn, a., is to bring the mails from Sydney, and, allowing tho usual passage, will arrive at Brisbane on Sunday night or early on Monday. It is notified in our advertising columns that the English mail will close at the Toowoomba Post Office on Tuesday next, the 1st December, at 3 30 p.m. It is therefore possible that the incoming mail may reach ub in time for replies. We have been requested by the Secretary of the School of Arts, to notice the handsome gift of twelve volumes of books, presented to that institu tion by Mr. J. W. Stable. To our readers we would Bay, ' Go thou sad do likewise.' Bv the telegraphic correspondence of the Courier we learn that the long drought has been broken up at St. Lawrenoe, Mariborongb, and Banana. At Nebo and Clennont rain had not yet fallen, but the prospects were favourable. ON reference to our back page it will be found that a large area of land in th ^neighbourhood will be open for selection on the 1st December. A Gazette Extraordinary, published on Thursday, notifies the issue of writs, for the election of four members to the Legislative Assembly, in the room of the present Ministry, whose seats are vacated. j Report of Patients hi Toowoomb* Hospital 1st the week ending November 27th, 1868 :— M. F. In Hospital last report ... ... ... 81 2 Since admitted ? ; 3 0 Sent to Benevolent Asylum ? 2 0 Discharged ? - 3 0 fiemaining in hospital ? ... 19 2 fteosrring outdoor medical relief, 5 adult* and 6 children. Sn.- Becker asd fiobartr win be the vuiting rargeonriier next weefc The .Hospital OommltUe&re; W&ankltn.; Bullock far abundle Of old linen nga/ ' ,-,-- ' '~TM BriAine Jpepsra advike * that a series of rifle mata^ln&^ttijKoei of tbe Queensland ftHUAlWoOT«a«,watataiiJ*oeontl-eloa, Jlth, aadl«WDeoe»noeroext,attfce JUnjgeinYorkt Hollow. ' The criminal sittings of the Supreme Court, Brisbane, concluded on Wednesday. Joseph | Defries, the com doctor, was sentenced to one month's imprisonment, with hard labour, for obtaining £4 by false pretences from Mr. T. H. Barron. From the Exprett we learn that the whole of the papers and evidence connected with the 'Eaglet' case will be sent to the Board of Trade, London, where perhaps the captain will not meet with such gentle treatment as he received from Mr. Justice Lutwychc. v The Warwick Argun says :— We are not in a posi tion to estimate accurately the probable yield of wheat in this neighbourhood, for the present season, but we have seen some samples of excellent grain, and hope to hear of a more favourable return than was a few weeks back anticipated. Dividends in the following Insolvent Estates have been declared : — Algernon Staubridge, tirstaud final dividend, 4s 7 id in the £ ; Francis H. Tamm, iiret and final dividend, 4s }d in the £; William S. King, tirst and final dividend, Is 6Jd in the £ ; W. H. Brown, first and final dividend. Is 3Jd in the £ ; Michael O'SuUivan, first dividend, 3s 4d in the £ ; C. S. Campbell aud Co., first dividend, 2s Gd in the £ ; Henry O'Reilly, first dividend, *2a in the £. The Courier of Friday says that a lighter, the property of Messrs. J. and G. Harris, sunk at their Ipswich wharf on Wednesday morning. Between 20 and 30 bales of wool were on board for shipment to England. The accident will cause some incon venience and loss of tiino, the wool having to be unpacked, dried, and re-baled. The following appointments appeared in Satur day's Government Gazette :— Mr. Arthur Bulgin, Recording Clerk of the Mitchell, to be Actuig Commisaioner of Crown Lands for same. Mr. Edward Mathew Bunwcs, to be Hccording Clerk and Clerk of Petty Sessions in the Warrego Dis trict. Police Inspector S. J Lloyd, to be Hanger of Crown Lands for tho Police district of Gympie. Police Sergeant W. S. King, to be Ranger of Crown Lands for the Police district of Warwick. Police Sergeant Buckley, to be Eanger of Crown Lands for the Police district of Maryborough. Mr. E. J. Griffin, junior, Clerk in the Customs Depart ment, Rockhampton, to be Clerk iu the same department, vice Renier, removed to GoldCommis sioner's office. In referring to the 'Dog NuiBance,' the Mary borough Chronkle says that a shocking calamity, which it is to be hoped will have the effect of induc ing an official massacre of all ownerless and unregis tered dogs, befel a little girl only three years of age, the daughter of our respected townsman Mr. Souther den, between seven and eight o'clock this morning. It appears that she had slipped out into the yard and was playing with a dog belonging to the family, when a strange mack dog, dragging a niece of chain, as if it liad recently broken loose, suddenly attacked the child. The brute seized her by the cheek, lacer ating it in a fearful manner, and tearing away a por tion of the flesh. Owing to the timely interposition of the nurse the poor little thing escaped with her life, which was very Beriously endangered by the savage attack of the animal, and Dr. Brown being scut for, the wound was dressed and stitched up, and appears to be already healing favourably. / Perhaps one of the most sensible regulations yet made in the Land Act was published iu the Gazette of Saturday last, viz. — That in cases where surveyed lands are open to selection after having been first submitted to auction, and not sold, or withdrawn, aud two or more conterminous portions are selected by one person, the survey fee payable on such joint selections shall be computed at one-half of the amount of the aggregative fees chargable on suuh single portion included in the selcctiou. 4 Our telegraphic correspondence of Wednesday contained the latest information up to the hour of going to press of the attempt at murder made by Mr. V. S. Bowerman on the Under Colonial Secre tary at his office in Brisbane. We now append fur ther particulars, which have been gathered from the Brisbane papers: — In October last, Bowerman, in consequence of certain acts, was disrated from the office of Polioe Magistrate at Leyburn. The Government, however, did not dismiss hita from the service, and in the Government Gazette of Saturday, the 19th, he was appointed Clerk of Petty Sessions at Nanougo. Since that appointment was made, the Government received further information of Bowcr miin'smiedoingo, and yesterday morning they decided to suspend him and institute full inquiry into the matter. It is not kuown for certain that Bowrinan was aware of this decision of the Executive, but he knew on Tuesday that certain things had come to light which he could not but wish eliould be kept secret. He called upon Mr. Manning soon aftfr the office was opened, and a conversation ensued, the former maintaining that he was unjustly treated by the Government, and asking Mr. Manning to do something which, by a sense of duty, l.e {Mr, Man ning) wag prevented from agreeing to. Shortly after 12 o'clock he returned to the ollice, and re newed the conversation of the morning with Mr. Manning. Immediately previous to the assault he handed the latter a letter from his (Bowerman's) wife, and Mr. Manning refused to take it, stating that such a letter could not affect the business. Bowerman then said, 'Well, take this,' and draw ing out a tomahawk which he had concealed about his person, hit ill. Manning with it on the top of the head, inflicting a frightful wound. He struck him a Becond time on the back of the head, the weapon again leaving a deep and dangerous wound, and twice more on the back of the neck. The two latter are flesh wounds, though deep, and they were not discovered till some time after the others. While this tragedy was going on within the closed doors, loudcriegof 'murder' were heard in the building, and tir. Robert Gray, one of the clerks in the office, rushed out of his room, and met Bower man coming out of Mr. Manning's, and Mr. Man ning staggering behind him, covered with blood, and with his nande to his head. Bowerman was imme diately seized by those on the spot, and given into tlie custody of Serjeant Graham. Messengers were sent in various directions for doctors, and lire. Bell, HobbB, O'Doherty, Waugh, Gunn, Emmel hainz, Hancock, and Anderson were Boon on the Bpot. On being arrested Bowerman said, ' 1 have long owed Manning this, and I do not care if I am hanged for it,' and made use of other abusive lan guage. He did not attempt to escape, and from the time of his arrest his demeanor became apparently quite unconcerned and callouB. The tomahawk was found in Mr. Manning's room, covered with blood. Re was taken to the gaol on Wednesday afternoon, and bis demeanor has since been cool and collected. It is very satisfactory to state that Mr. Manning haB since progressed favourably, and the medical men attending him confidently expect his ultimate recovery. The wounds have not touched the brain, though the skull wu cut through in two places, and the bone prized up. Bowerman was brought before the Police Magistrate on Thursday last, and was farther remanded until Thursday next. On Wednesday afternoon a Government Gazette was issued announcing that the Honorable R. R. Mackenzie, the Honorable Hatcliffe Pring, the Honorable Thomas Lodge Murry Prior, Hie Honor able Arthur Hunter Palmer, ana the Honorable Arthur Hodgson had resigned their seats as Members of Die Executive Council of Quesnsland.— In the same Gazette the appointment was announced of the Honorable Charley Lilley to be VicePresi dent and member of the Executive Council, and Attorney-General of Queensland ; the Honorable Arthur MacaliBter, to be Secretary for Public Lands, and Secretary for Public Works; the Honorable Thomas Blacket Stephens, to be Colonial Secretary ; the Honorable Thomas Henry Fitzgerald, to be Colonial Treasurers and these gentlemen to be members of the Executive Council of Queens laud. Thb Courier of Thursday informs us that Mrs. Charles Osbotne, late landlady of Osbome'a Hotel, Fortitude Valley, died very suddenly on Wed nesday evening. Ill Hie afternoon die complained ' of feeling anweu, and about 4 o'clock went to her room and lay down. About 5 o'doek ahe was vtnted W *onw of tlie mantes, when the aaid she *** no better.' About 7 o'clock the was found dead on her bad. j We learn from the Warwick Examiner that the efforts made by the various squatters in that district to turn out this year's clip of wool in a better and cleaner state than previously, are, if we may judge from the samples we have seen, likely to be rewarded by commanding a higher price. A gentleman now residing in this district, who has had many years' experience in the getting up of wool in Sydney and other parts of the colonies, gives it as his opinion that this part of Queensland is as well, if not better, adapted for ?beep- farming than any part of the other colonies, and some of the flocks that he has seen at (MengaUan, Canning Downs, EosenthaL &.-., are, with a little care and attention being bestowed in having them classified, likely to produce in their progeny as good wool bearing animals as can be found anywhere.' From tbe Arnu» we learn that there was a most exciting struggle for the Queens' Plate at the Vic toria Spring Meeting between Mr. Tail's Glencoe and Mr. De Mestrc'e Tim Whifller. The Barb was scratched for the Queen's Plate, and several others refusing, left the contest to Glencoe, Tim Whiffler, Cupbearer, and tLu Kly. Mr. Tait's chestnut, from previous running, had the greatest share of friends ; but Tim's performance intheCupwas notoverlooked, although Mr. Dc M'.'strc made no secret of his horse being slightly 'off.' The contest was one to be remembered for a lifetime, rewinding us of the grand struggle that took place between Tarragon aud Vol unteer, when they ran their memorable dead heat for the Champion race; and, strange to relute, nine tenths of the people imagined that the horse placed second by the judge had won. The riding of Kean in this race was, without doubt, the finest exhibition of jockeyship witnessed during the meeting ; and it is a thousand pities no admirable a specimen of the jockey's skill was not rewarded with a victory. Reserving his horse for a final effort, lio fairly lifted him in front of Olencoe, but it was a moment too late— at least so said the judge, although many people iu tbe vicinity of the judge's box Haid the other horse had won, but Gluncoc having his head up and Tim's being down caused the mistake, lie this aB it may, we are quite convinced tbe judge gave a conscientious opinion ; and as he was in the bast position to obtain an accurate line of the two horseB, we are satisfied his verdict was a correct one. The AitHtralaman reports the following shocking case of neglect which came before the Cnutlemaine Bench of Magistrates :— A girl named Elizabeth Curry, aged thirteen, was brought up as a neglected child. She had been arrested by Constable Crowlcy at the house of a common woman at the Chinese camp, and she made the following statement: — ' My name is Elizabeth Curry ; I am thirteen and a half years of age. My parents live at Fryorstown, Spring Gully ; My father is a miner ; his name is Wm. Curry j he is my step-father. I have been living with Jenny Wagstaff at tho Chinese camp eipht weeks. I get a half-crown per week ; Jenny Wagstaff is living with a Chinaman named Ah Keej he gets his living by gambling. Myself, a girl named Hughes, Jeuny* Wagstaff, aud AJi Kee occupy the house, which contains four rooms. I am employed as nurse. Ellen Hughes does notbing but stops in her room ; she pays Jenny for her board. Ellen Hughes is twenty years of age. A little girl named King sleeps with me. Ellen Hughes occupies a room to herself. Chinamen visit tho house at different times, both night and day. There are often ChiDamcn iu the house when I go to bed. Sometimes the Chinamen are with Ellen Hughes, in her ronin, and sometimes with Jenny Wagstaff, in her mom. I have often seen Chinamen in Ellen Hughes' room, on tlie bed smokinp opium. I have often seen Jenny Wagstaff with Ah Kec and other Chinamen lying on the bed smoking opium. Jenny smokes opium. I have often seen Lucy Evans gii into my room with China men, and sniokft opium. Lucy Evans is about thirteen years old j her mother is dead. The China men and Lucy used to lay iu my bed to smoke. I can neither read nor write. I know no prayers. I don't know the meaning of the word religion. 1 have never been to school.' She was sent to the Industrial School for two years. The Cape River correspondent of the Cleveland Bay Etpremi says that the reefs at Mount Daven port arc not shewing up at present ; the reefers being badly in want of blasting powder, and when I that arrive! they will gut a fair trial. The miners make a grelt mistake in leaving alluvial diggings to rush into quartz, and find frnm experience that it requires a large capital to work quartz reefs. The weather during the inidiiic of tlie day is very iiot the thermometer stauding some days ago in the sun at 116, in the shade !l,(, the nights am deliriously cool, bo much so that blankets are iu full demand ; we have no mosquitoes but are tormented with fleas, regular nippers, like grasshoppers. There is little or no sickness on the diggings now, and altogether I prefer this climate to Cleveland Buy : stores and public-houses abound aud are fully supplied, prices reasonable ; mutton and beef of superior quality to Townsville ; vcgatahles (thanks to the Chinamen) are in abundance ; we could do with some good po tatoes. Many of our readers will be pleased to learn that tho Courier reports the arrest of that celebrated pseuduHoMeBianOuiit VonAttem. The !ast intelli gence of him on our coast was, that he had paid a visit to Somrr°et with his yncht Hamlet's Ghost, and displayed his peculiar talents by the purchase of a quantity of birds and skins from some naturalists there. He paw' fnr those partly in cash and part in bills, which birring the r.-tograph of so distin guished a personnge, will, oi cuurse, be very valu able. Luckily for himself, he left Somerset very shortly after .1 is transaction, or the arrival of the Captain Cook might have ]-uf an untimely end to the pleasantness of his career. Two days before that vessel arrival at Somerset he sailed for parts unknown, and therefore the warrants for his arrest which that vessel conveyed, could not be executed. He disappeared and his friends in Sydney and Bris bane were left to mourn the vanishing of his ' Ghost, ' and all hope was given up of his being heard of again. It seems, however, that his good genius led him to Sourabaya, and there most unkindly deserted liiin, for he was laid by the heels by the officers of the law. The 'Count's' countship has come to an end, and he will have now to account for the various moneys received by him on the faith of li'fi credentials, which he is shrewdly suspected to have stolen from the veritable Count Von Attem. Yes ! the so-called Count Von Attem has been arrested in Java on a charge of negotiating fraudulent docu ments. So far we know not at whose instance the arrest has been made, whether by a warrant fri'iu his acquaintances in New South Wales or elsewhere. At any rate he is a long way off, and we greatly fear that much tact must be used for his victims in* Aub tralia to obtain any substantial benefit from hie apprehension. 