SUNDAY SCHOOLS. The Lord Bisnor ot Oxford has givon ex pression to opinions which will be endorsed by a great many thinking men in every part of Protestant Christendom — opinions that aro opposed to those professodly entercainod by men wno have placed themselves prominently forward as teachers of the multitude. Ilis Lordship 'has delivered what we should call an inimitable discursua upon Sunday Schools, the- chief feature of which is good, sound, common sense, 'undiluted by that oxtravagaut sham of pioty which men enlarging upon such themes gonorally indulge, to tho utter spoiling of their mixture. One of the grontost miB- tnkes that our spiritual pastors aud masters commit in attempting to educate childron is making (thorn regard religion as a task to be learned, and theroforo a punishment. With unfeigned regret wo notico that if a child commit an error, instead of explaining to tho young mind why it was an orror, and point ing out, so far as is practicable, the results ofdis- obodionco, it is the invariable praetico to com pel tho little siunor to learn a verso or verses in tho Bible, theroby at once sowing the seeds of disliko for that which it should bo taught to love and to rospoct. His Lordship ridi culed in strong languago the idea of " first drilling the little things all tho morning with tedious theological exercises, aud then march ing thciu off to church to stand a socond dose, just doubling tho quantity administered to their elders." He oulargod upon tho re straints of forms without booicB ; tho well- meaning but roally stupid and mechanical teachers ; the evorlasting counsel to be good ; and the horror of clorgymau, master, and con gregation, at seeing the poor little things fall asleop (tho best thing thoy could do), over long sermons which they did not understand, to wake up with stares of astonishment when they heard the organ dismissing tho faithful, or when thoy received a shako of the shoulder from Bome wido awako teacher. A certain divine a short time sinco was de lighted to hoar a poor man say that ho was a great admirer of tsimday Schools, that in fact they wero the poor mou's friends. " Aud wiry," said tho clergyman, "are they his friends ?" " Because," ropliod tho man, " if qhore wore no schools for them to be sent to, how should wo get our sleep on Sunday morn ings." Wo are almost afraid thut very mauy mothers, especially thoso in tho lowost classes, send thoir children to Sunday schools for tho purposo of gotting thorn out of the way. The greatest boneiit these littlo unfortunates do- rive is being removod, although for a short period in each week, from home and from ovil exatnplo. Tliey may have a doublo dose of piety, but that is perhaps better than no re ligious instruction at all ; they tnny go to sleep from the soporiferous offects of a sermon, but thoy had better do that than rofnaiu in thoir squallid homes, and hear Gou's name taken in vain, and see all His laws broken — although we may be assured that thoy hear and witness these things six days out of the seven, and for a greater portion of tho seventh. Thoy may feol tirecl aud wearied, but they certainly ob tain somo distant idea of what religion means, aud gob to understand by degrees that thoro are otlior duties to perform besides thoso of laboring and earning their daily bread by tho sweat of their brows, or bv picking and' steal ing. For these, and such as these, Sunday schools are so far boons, but they would be much more so if the children were not over loaded with instruction, and if thoy could be removed from church before tho sermon com menced, because it is a' well-known fact that nine-tenths of them sleep, and sometimes, like Den.sis jlnulgaundeuy, snore so loud that they wake the rest of the congregation Sun day schools are, to a certain extent, noeos- saries for children whose parents aro too ig norant, too idle, and too careless, to attempt to instruct them themselvos ; but wo also hold that home, where it is pussible, is the proper place whero the infant's mind shoul.l recoivo its first lessous of religion ; it is at tlio mother's knee that tho first prayer should bo learned, and tho father and mother only should open slowly, cautiously, and 'respectfully, that Book which is too often looked upon as a losson book, and regarded more with awo than with affection. We. have long boon of opinion that education in many instances, should ho com pulsory. When Manchester alono has 40,000 children, botween tho ages of five anil twelvo, who cannot read nor write, and who attend no places of education, it is surely time to do away with tho voluntary system and adopt the compulsory. The streets of English cities and towns, especially the manufacturing ones, aro crowded with young Arabs ; and no greater blessingcould be conferred upon coming genera tions than to sweep these poor little wretches from the streets and educate them ; it would be done, certainly, at a great national cost ; but it would bestow an enormous national be nefit. If we mistako not it was Archdeacon Denisox who said, that " to educate childron who were not baptised, was only making them clevor devils." This is one of those absurd dogmas of past times which sadly requires to bo expunged from clerical and secular minds.- Tho past may bo, nay, is to be, respected whon itcon- sents to tho past ; but whon, on the contrary, it strives to live in an age for which it is un fitted, it becomes tho duty of wise men to attack it. If compulsory education supple mented compulsory Sunday school teaching, then the chain of instruction would be com plete, and tho youth would start in lifo with a strong'and wholesome foundation ; bnt if the latter bo alone furnished, what positive and lasting benefit can it confer upon children or upon society — nnd we are hot quite sure that thoso who have been forced to attend Sunday schools, aud afterwards allowed to wander at will, like cattle, without further instruction, do not look upon religion with disgust. There is nn opinion, and an old one too, though we do not consider it quite sound, that society is responsible for the evil doings of pacli indivi dual member ; if such be true, then society has a right to redeem. those it has allowed to stumble, and malefactors ought to be pitied rather than blamed, because the social masses have allowed them to wandor into criino. It is rational, when wo hear of wrongs committed, to take into consideration " tho road by which the fault came," and to pity even while wo judge ; but this does not inculcate the neces sity of shifting on to the shoulders of socioty individual responsibility, if so, then wo should bo bound to set at liberty the criminal and punish ourselves. And- we cannot very well see that we should be adding to morality if we paid untningled respect to a person who had sunk into the arms of temptation, and who, after punishment, Btood defiant beforo the al lurements of vice. The power of circum stances, according to tho modern French school, extinguishes individual responsibility, and wo almost believe that those' who insist upon ft strict attention to Sunday school du ties, fancy thoy relieve themselves of a portion of their burthen thoy conceive they aro bear ing. One of the chief objections ontertained to tho present systom is, that it is an endeavor to mako tho iufaut mind grasp that which it is perfectly unable to do, nnd that it begins at the very highest and most abstruse of all studies before any foundation- is laid of the more simple ones ; tho ground is not propared for the g'ood seed. Besides the teaching is slipshod, children loarn by rote, .we havo known many boys and girls, of tho very tendorosfc ago, repeat q long list of Scripturo names be foro thoy woll knew thoir alphaobt ; who talked glibly ot' Cain killing hig» brother Aueu, be- fore they know what killing or death meant ; and who could tell us all about Piiaroau nnd his host boing drownod in tho lletl Sea, while ns yot thoy were ignorant whether a Sea was laud or water. What we desiro is a certain amount of education, compulsory or other wise, first ; then there would bo somothing to work upon, aud if half tho time and half tho monoy wore spent in furnishing schools' for tho gamins of the streets, as aro bestowed upon Sunday schools, wo, as well as tho children, would bo tho gainers.' As yot wo have .only touched " the boundary lino" of tho vast territories ot unexplored human ignor ance, and crimo, and misory, which lio beyond. , Sunday schools wore undoubtedly moans, and strong ones too, takon to assist in opening up these wilds of ignorauco j but wo bolievo it is quito truo that compulsory education should tako their places, because tbon roligious. teachers would_ not drop the good seed amongst briars or on stony ground, but in that which had heon in part cultivated What chances havo ths ministers of roligiou of grafting successfully upon the minds of the Bedouins of civilised socioty tho good aud wholesome fruit of roligiou ? None at all. They may sow, but they never see tho garner ing : thoy may graft, but tho sickly shoot withers and dies when it becomes infcctod with tho sap of iniquity and ignorance. Sup plement roligious Leachiug by a gouoral na tional education, aud thon good must follow ; but until then we must agree with tho Bishop of Oxford, who has publicly headed a class of oarnestthinkers, and thoy will not fail to follow up the blow,. Ho has struck at a systom of ro ligious teaching, which thougii faulty, is almost the only one that can bo called public or gene ral, thoroforo until a better bo initiated, we must accept it, The Poor Blacks. — An express reached town lust Wednesday morning for Dr. Callaghan, who had been summoned to attend Mr. W. Newbold, now lying in a precarious state arising from the infliction of severe wounds received while repulsing an attack of some of the "Brisbane pets," whom he disturbed in their lair close to Torilia head station. It appears that about noon some dusky forms were detected moving about in a small patch of scrub which borders the corner of the paddock, about half a mile from the head station, and as no blacks were supposed to be in the neighbourhood, and none had been allowed on the ground for years past, young Mr. Newbold, accom- panied by the stockman and another hand, at once armed themselves and proceeded to reconnoitre; Mr. Newbold galloping through the paddock across to the scrub, while his men skirted the outside of the fence along the Rockhampton road. No sooner were the movements of the white men observed by the blacks than a frightful yabbering ensued, and the scrub seemed alive with warriors, who welcomed the approach of their enemies with a shower of spears, boomerangs, and unearthly yells, dodging behind trees and becoming invisible in tufts of grass, with the usual snake like instincts of the savage. During the time that the stockman and his mate were occupied in dislodging the darkies from their position, Mr. New- bold very nearly came to grief, for no sooner had he reached the opposite side of the paddock where tile grass was unusually long, than as Jonathan says, a big " buck nigger" suddenly sprang up from his cover, and simultaneous with the movement a spear whizzed past the horseman, who returning the compliment with a shot from his revolver, rashly jumped off his horse to secure his prey, but before he had reached the ground the barrel of his revolver was grasped by the black, and a tremendous struggle for life and death ensued, the savage and his 'hereditary foe' rolling over and over, the former still retaining his hold on the barrel, and the latter sticking to the stock of the pistol. Finding it impossible to disengage the weapon from the hand of the darkie, Mr. Newbold pulled the trigger several times, and though he shattered the wrist or hand of the black, he was himself finally knocked down and beaten heavily on the head and arms by the savage, who after inflicting some severe wounds — a gash in the groin and a spear wound in the abdo- men — was about to despatch the prostrate man, when his " little game" was interrupted by Mr. Newbold's stockman, who attracted by the cries of his master, came to the rescue, and dropped the nigger. The man must have swam the creek with his pistol in his teeth when he heard Mr. Newbold shouting for assistance, for he was separated from the paddock where the struggle took place by a creek which runs between it and the scrub, from which he and his mate were dislodging the blacks. Dr. Callaghan started for Torilia on Thurs- day morning. Wages. — On Thursday, Samuel Cairns summoned Charles Bouol for tho sum of £9 19s. 9d. wages duo to him. It appoars that Mr. Bouol iB a shareholder in a roof und thut tlireo men workod his share, for which they rcceivod tho sum of £1 per week each, to bo taken out in rulious ; but the men overdrew their credit to tho amount of about £8, such credit being givon by tho plaintiff Cuirns. When tho accounts came to bo balanced, Air. Bouol deducted this £8 from plaintiff's wagos, nnd paid a balance of £1 8s. 9d. which ho inafllrniod was ullthatwnsdueto him into Court. Bouol defence swore that ho had positively givon ordors to Cairns not to givo any credit whntovor, to which tho plaintiil' ropliod by his solioilor, Mr. Clark, that no suoh instructions wore over givon to his client, whet was tho storumon under Fisher tho manager. Air. Alilford pleaded ably for Mr. Bouol, but without effect, and his Worship decided that tho plaintiil' was entitled to his wages, and accordingly mado an order for £8 3s. I Id. willi costs £1 4s. 6d. Extradation Treaty. — In tha Extradution Treaty entered into by Now South Wales and Amarica, it appears upon tho authority of tho Crown Law Oflicors, that the crime of "cmbozzlomont" was not mentioned, thoruforo, thoy guvo it as their opinion, that it was un- dosirablo to scud uny ono after Charlos Wooauian Eastman, who loft tho colony in tho schooner Woodlands for America. Eastman who had om- bozzlcd a largo sum of money will thus oscupos'cot free, and will manage no doubt to enjoy himself with tho lruits of his crime. Was Ilia leaving out of tho word an orror of omission or commission P That is to say was it left ont negligently or intentionally P Fort AIaOKAY. — The Mackay Mercury says, that tho Mariposa loft thoir port on tho 15th January witli 335 balos of wool, and a considerably quantity of tallow, hidos, skin, and othor produce. -During the process of loading a number of waggons heavily laden with wool carno into town; so that tho next vessel is anxiously oxpoctcd, lior cargo being ready for hor. Tho Mercury with just iflublo prido continues : — "Tho rapid progress of our oousting trudo cannot bo othor- wiso than most gratifying, more especially whon wo tako into consideration that our port has neithor rccoivod adventitious aid from foroigli oapitul nor from Government, but that our succoss so far is tho lcgitiuialo work of houafule rosidonts of tho distriot. Our trado both external and internal has gone on steadily advancing upon a sure basis, und if there lia9 been nothing very startling, wo hnvo at least tlio host authority for saying that our financial affairs are sound ; nnd wo bolievo there are fqw ports along tho oustorn sea board of which tlio Butno can .bo said ; bo that upon tho whole wo cannot regret that wo have boon denied all participation in that favorish specula tion which has marked tho rapid riso and still more rapid collapse of somo of tho sister ports." C'ommbhob and Agriculture. — The Economist reports increased firmness in the flour markets, ulthoiigh prices liavo not improved. Sale3 wore oil'cctcd at £15 to £15 10s. Aluizo is oxcoodingly dull at 4s., and is offered vory freely. Enquirios aro mado for hops, and good coloninl command high priocs. Tho heavy rains hnvo seriously uffueted Che wheat, which wero on tliu 1 stook' whan thoy commoncod. Sprouting wheat may bo scon in many paddocks, and ovon tho stacks wore compollod to bo uiithatched and opened. Burloy has also suffered materially, so that those corenls which oscupcd tho rust and tho blight now sufl'er from ox- tromo wet. Enquiries aro being mado all ovor tho colonics for samples, as a charge of scod is at last tnought desirable. The crops of tho grass sued grovvars aro this your vory largo, und it is supposod that tho days of high prices are passed, l'otatjod are looking mora fnvorubio, and in somo districts tho yield will bo satisfactory. Tlio Miner, Ballurut, givos equally un- sutisfuotory accounts pf tho harvest boing retarded by tlio oxuosBivo rains, but it docs not consider tho crops to bo fatally injured. Flour is Arm at £15 10s. ; wheat, Gs. 9d. to 6s. por bushel ; barley, 5s ; potatoos, £5 to £5 10s. All kinds of provisions aoutiuuo vory . olioap. Logs of mutton, 9d. onoh ; cabbages, Id. to l)d onoh ; eggs, Is. por dozou; butter, 7d. to lOd. nor lb. At Gaolong tho prions are about the samo, although flour uvoragos 10s. luglior. Tho last news from Mel bourne is, that flour is now £15, and that maize is un saleable at 3s. Gd. At Adelaide tho earn market is vory firm, atid sales of old wheat havo been mado at 7s. 4d. to 7s. 6.1. , and flour remains unaltered. Grebe Ouuroh. — Wo havo boon favored with a visit from a clorgymau of tho Greek cliurah, Fathor Ohris- tophorus, who lias como to Australia with a view of founding a Grook oliuroh, und lias decided upon recom mending Emorald Hill, Melbourne, as tho most suitable spot for that purposo. A considor- ablo number of Grooks residing in and nbout tho su burbs of Molbourno, havo oxprossod a wish for a placo of worship to the Patriarch of Con stantinople, who oxorcisos tlio highost oeolosiastical jurisdiction over tho Greeks, nnd is tlio rcoogniscd head of tho chureli, as well as having authority ovor tho holy plnoos held by the Greek inonkl in Palestine. Mr. Ohristophoriis' mission North, is with a view to solicit aid in futlieranco of tho object moutionod, and wo understand that ho has met with a succoss which speaks highly for tho Christian Oatholic foaling of the people. Like tho Catholic church, we find that tho Greek church recognises two sources of doctrine, the Bible and tradition. It is tlio only church which holds that tho Holy Ghost proceeds from tho Father only. Tho Protestant, and Catholic Churches agree that tho Holy Ghost is derived from tho Father and Son. Tho services consist almost entirely of forms. All tho clergy, with tho exception of tho monks, marry, but not a widow, nor are they allowed to marry a second time ; and a widowed clergyman has always to relin quish his cure and go into a cloister. It rejects the doctrine of purgatory and predestination indulgences, and recognises neither tho Pope nor anyone also as Christ's vicar upon earth. In tho invocation of tho Saints, and especially of tho Virgin, tho Greeks are as zealous as tho Catholics ; they hold relics, graves, nd ' crosses sacred. Tho rev. gentleman is attachod to a mission in Jerusalem, to which placo ho purposes to return after ho hus complotod tlio objoot for which ho cama out, Without aid from all denominations wo suspect ho will And some dillieulty in amassing tho sum uccossary to establish his church ; and consider ing tho not very allluont stato of our own churches, we must compliinoiit liiin. upoii the amount of sub scriptions lie has already rocoivcd from thoso of other croeds. II ho has similar success with our wealthy Victorian noighbors, hackod by tho donations of tlio Grcok population thorc, his object will soon bo accom plished. Theatre Royal. — Mrs. Mat Riloy, ns wo antici pated, was welcomed witli a bumper on Thursday availing. The house was as full as wo rcuolloct ovor to havo seen it, and when wo remember that Hie prices for tho night wore increased, aud that tho times uro particularly ad verso to amusomcnt3 of all descriptions, wo- must tako it far granted that Mrs. Riloy is a great fuvoi'ite witii the puoplo, and thut a point was strained by thorn, in ordor to provo that her many oxortions to piuaso liud'not been allowed to pass unappreciated or ' unacknowledged. Tlio eutoi-taiuiuoiits provided nil passed oil' with eclat, but " Handy Andy," ono of tho most i-olliukiiig and luughublo comedies oil tho stage, nduptod from ono of tho most onjoyablo aud mirth-in spiring of Irish novols, was tha grout card of Iheovou- ing, aud tlio wholo company uxortud thuinsolvus to tho utmoBt, and not uusuocassftiUy, to koop tha audianco iu a roar of laughter. Airs. Riley played Oonah really well. Shu was quito at home in tho simploinindod yet clover Irish girl, und many of her points wore telling, and irresistibly funny, while lior brogue was just oiiough to let tho audience know she bclongod to tlio Irish peasantry, and was oxcoodingly pleasing. On tho occasion of a benefit it is not usual to extend criticism boyoud tho bore or lioroino of tho ovoning, but wo may without committing a Bin ngainst tho custom compliniont all thoso who assisted Airs. Riley on 'Thursday night. Although tlio houso was so full, thoro was not tho slightest noiso or disturbance of any nature; tho audience was ovidontly intont upon having 'a rational evening's enjoyment, nnd wo do not think tliut unyoiio wuut homo disappointed. Another Discovery. — On Thursday night two men camo into Ynauiba with lour ouueos of gold,, which thoy stated wero tho results of a few days pros- pooting, and that ill a very short timo thoro would bo a rush, but tlioy declinod to mention tlio spot until t'loy wero protoctod by tho Commissioner. Our in formant hud tlio gold in his possossion and woighod it, and dosoribos it us consisting of two distinct kinds ; one vory uiuch liko that found on Arohor's run, intormixad with iron stone, and tho otlior partaking of tho oharactor of thut disoovarod in Oauoonu, Our - informant thinks that tlio And must liaro boon this Bido of Yunmba ; howovor, a day or two will bring definite news. Getting Nearer. — Air. Hulborstnodtor, who re sides somo two miles from the river on the North Sido, brought into Roukhampton yesterday, a lino specimen ot quartz, whiuh he met witli on his oivu grounds. It was shown to many gentlomcn in tho town, aud gold was plainly visible studding tho stuno throughout. It has been suspected for somo time that gold would bo discovered in largo quantities on tho other sido, nnd thoro is ovory reason to bolievo that tho country must bo uuriforous on tho spot, or in tlio immodiuto neigh borhood, whore tho specimen was found by Mr. Hal- borstaodtor. The AIorinish Quartz Crushing Company.— At a meeting of the shareholders of the above Company, hold on Thursday at tlio Provisional Secretary's ollico, it was stated tlmt tho wholo of the shares ware takon lip, the raquisito capital subscribed, and tlio first call paid,, consequently wo uiay expect' that tho plant will urrivo at an curly dale, and that tho mnchiuo will soon bo iu full work. This is good nows for our AIorinish moil, who now sco before thorn something- like proofs that tho Rockhampton people take a positivo interest in tho de velopment of the woalth of thoir roofs. If such steps had boon takou months since, wo thoroughly beliovo that hut a small portion of our digging population would havo loft us. To mako haste slowly is not al ways advisablo, and wo havo playod tlio parts of lortoisos so long that wo liavo vory nearly lost tho race, and both whip and spur will bo uoedod to forco us out of tho ruck. The Electoral Rolls.— To provo how careless our oloctors aro, and what littlo cousoquonco thoy at tach to thoso privilogos whiou are being so oarncstly sought by thoir English brethren, wo find that only forty-Boron nuinos are on the Fort Curtis, and 400 on tho Rockhamptou doctoral application lists. " Love Light as Air," &o.;— John Diok, a China man, cook at tho Criterion Hotol, und residing in Quay-street charged Thomas Go'ron, a sinter, with having assualted him in his own houso. According to Dick's aceount Goron was " a oounntryman along with his wife," and that lio (Goron) eullod at his (Dick's) liou90 on Saturday morning last, hoeom- paniod by Mrs: Diok (sho having stopped' out ull night at dofendant's house), and commenced to "jaw him." Mrs. Dick, who is bettor known us Aliss Evans, had made up her mind to leavo her husband and their infants Dehind her, and to romove from plaintiff's clmrgo a girl about six years of ago, who was lior . child by- hor first husband, also a Celestial ; accordingly sho took tho dol'ondant with hor , relying on his assistance and protection in oaso hor husband Bhould provo advorso to hor removing hor child and its olothing. Diok vory naturally re sisted this intrusion on the part ol Goron, and desired him to quit his houso ; to go and ljok aftor his own wifo, and leave his (Diok's) alono. Duriug tho squabblo Diok was sitting on a box, witli a child on his knoo ; and whon ho dasirod dofoudant to go out, Goron not only refused poiut blank to do so, but sLruck him ovor tho faco and hoad, uud so ill-troutod him that ho was unablo to porform his duties for two or three days. His wifo thou tiod up a buudlo of olothing and other things and took away tho ohild, tho dofondunt accom panying her. Upon being oross-oxamiuod by Mr. Mili'ot-d, Dick said ho had livod with his wifo six or Bovon years ; thut sho had now loft him, but he did not know whore sho hud gono; sho had tho eldest girl away, but had loft two baby boys behind. Tho girl was ut tho prosont timo stopping with Goron. Ho agrood that tho child should be takon away, but askud what lio was to do with tho littlo ones ; to whioh this kind and affectionato uiothor replied, that ho might koop thorn and do as ho likod with thorn. Diok do- clurod that lie did not put uj his fists at all, but that bis wifo intorferred to provimt any furtlior blows boing struck. — Alary Ann Ston, or Sou, was thou put into tho box, but, upon it boing shown thnt sho was an aboriginal, hor testimony was objoatcd to, tho law having daoidod thut a bluok's ovidonco cannot ho ad mitted' — Thomas Goron thon brought a cross-notion against Diok for assaulting him. Tlio story told by tho prosooutor iu this ease tallied pretty nearly lyilh that told by Diok. He oonfossod ho wont to Diok's house with Mrs. Dick for tho purpose of taking tho child away ; that dofoudant said what tho do you want horo ; you are my wifo — limey man. Frose- outor thon slatod thut dofoudant struok ut hlin and scratohod his faco. Mr. Diok. who eross- oxamincd Goron, olioitad from him Hint ho wont into tliu house bocuuso ho was takon thoro by defendant, aud when ho was told to go out lio refused, unloss ho had tho ohild and tho clothes, lio might havo struok Diok half a do/.on blows. Aftor tho assault compluinod of had boon committed, iio (prosecutor) sat dowu and would not leave till Mrs. Diok wont out with tlio child and tlio clothes.— Mr. Dick contended that tlio socond caso ought to bo ut onco dismissed, ns it was pretty ovidont the olmrgo wus brought simply to onublo Goron to go into tho box and to ooutradiot Dick's stutomoir. Mr. Dick urguod, and wo think very justly, thut Goron had boon guilty of an aggravated ussault. Ho lnid ontorcd a dwelling-houso belonging to unothor person, iu company with thut porsou's wifo, who was about to run away from liim. Mr. Dick said that Goron had no right in tho house ; ho had no busi ness to interfere botweon man und wifo, and when ha was dosirod;to leavo tho houso, ho should havo dono so directly. Tho Ohinuinan was perfectly justified in attempting to put him out if bo had tried so to do. — Air. Alilford ropliod, and said that his l'rioiid had triod to inako out that tlio attack by Goron upon Diok was somothing vory formidable and terrible, wlion in reality tho whole ull'uir was a inoro triflo. Tho fact was, iloron accompanied an ill- used wifo to claim hor child, aud is ussuultad und insulted, aiul in dofenoo struok tho blows. Mr. Milford arguod that tho caso was trifling and should bo dismissed. — His Worship .distnissod tho oaso Goron v. Dick, and fouud tho do- fouduiit guilty in that of Diok v. Goron ; but as ho con sidered the offonoo a trifling ono, ho should inflict tho light ponultv of 5s.. with costs. Ladies Benevolent Sooikty.— Tho usual monthly mooting of tho Committee of tho Ladies Bunovolonc Sooioty was held at tha School of Arts on Wodnosday afternoon last. Fresont — Mrs. Hunter (president), Mrs. Headriek (secretary), Mosdanics Livorinoro, Alucphcrson, Smith, Ferguson, Fattison, Thon, Hop kins, Buzacott, and Hartley, and tlio Revs. A. U. Smith, R, Hurtloy, and 0. Mitrloy. Tho minutes of tho lust mooting liuving boon read uud confirmed, tho vur.ous reports wore road. No. 1' relieved 13 porsons to tho amount of £8 18s. lOd. No, 2 no report. No 3 — tlireo persons, amount 14s. Ild. No 4 — two porsons, amount £1 2s. Gjd. No. 5— for two months, 8 persons amount £5 14s. 5. No. 6, 7 porsons amount £5 17s. 6d. Tho following ladios otTorod thoir eorvieos to cuhvusb tho various Wards, viz., Alcsduines Suitli aud Forguson tho Loiohhurdt ; Mosdnmes Buzacott, Ferguson, Fatorson, mid Hopkins, A rubor Ward ; Alesdamus Hartloy aud Allen, Fitzroy Ward. Tho meeting adjourned ut 5 o'clock. The Bank Catacombs. — Did any of our roadors. ovor soo the catacombs undor tlio Bank of England Thoro may bo soon long rows of coffers, numbering nearly 1CU00, eolllus ono foot in height nnd eighteen iiiohos in length. Very piguios must bo those in tho small box-liko looking roueptuclos. Lift tho lids, nnd w hut is to bo scon within? Aro thoro fresh corpses with tho color tiardiy gono from thoir lips ? Aro there llosliless bones — -or is there nothing but dust? No — - nothing of tlio sort. Do the writings aud figures on those eolliua convey uny information ? But littlo. Thoro is no pootry, no fulsohoods, no tolling us what those dead within ought to liavo boon, but what thoy reully wore. 8omo.we find had only ono good quality, somo had llvo, some ton, somo ton thousand, a few ono hundred thousand, and two only ono million. Thoso lattor, wore surely tho salt of the oarth. Within thoso boxos lio the remains of thoso who havo boon worship- pod by monarch and by puusant; who havo nerved iho murderer to strike tlio dagger into tlio heart of tlio victim of hatred or of jealousy); who havo droppod into the laps of modern Dunnes, and won thut which lavo could not, Somo of thorn havo ovon crossed tho hand of a Frimo Ministor, und bribed him to turn u good man out and put u ru9cul in. Too many, alas I wore employed as persuaders when tlio cankered and old wooed tho young and tliu fair — and succcodod. To oarn thorn tho soldier fought for a canso in whioh ho took no interest, uud deliberately plaocd himself in trout of a cannon, uud allowed himself to staud the clqinccs ol being blown to atoms for oightacn pence a duy. Yos, there tliov are thoso dottd, just one hundred millions, onco representing tlireo billions of sovoroigns, and us many ploasurcs guilty and inriocont — some few' virtues, and un innumerable tittmbor of vices. Thoy are worth a visit those outucombs, l'or Micro lio tho can- ecllod notes of tho Bank of England, ull or which have travelled, soino far somo near, uud at last roturnod to die uud to bo buried in the old houso at homo. ALnny u strange Btory has tho Bunk ohroniclod about these dutuuot notes ; romances out of number could bo woven if thoso dumb and dead could hut riso up and toll their strange and ovuutful histories. 'Think what a wonderful number of anocdotus, tales of plots and in trigues, that note dated 1698, might pour out, if it could hut. liko Asniodous, oscapo tho glass in which it is so carefully preserved. Only iinagmo tho wander ings and udvontures of the " twonty-fivor," which aged exactly 100 years, mado his appearaneo at tho Bank counter tho other day, in order to lay his spare und lean person, " sans euerythiny," ainidBt his brethren. Why, the compound interest upon that amount, would amount to £6009. And what has become of that levi athan, that o:io million gontloman, hieli bolongod to Air. Samuol ltogors, the bankor, poet and wit? It hung ovor his liiantel-pioeo for years ; what was tho uso of any ono stoaling it? Tho bank know whore it was, and no Jew recoivcr would havo givon two ponco for it. It can never have gono on its travels, 'no, wo hoar thot it lies mouldering to decay in its quiot nook in tlio gloomy vaults of the Bank Outacoinbs. Cotton and Reserves.— Tho Dalit/ Herald in- forms us thut " tlio early planted cotton is thriving well, and somo of tho plant9 nro ooverod with pod9, whilo that planted bo Into us December givos promise of a fair crop. Considering tlio very unfavourablo season experienced during tlio last four or live months, it is surprising that any plauts havo grown at all ; with an ordinarily fair ono, it is now beyond quostion that cotton will grow as woll on the Darling Downs as in any country in tlio world. This opinion is gaining strength, for within tho lust two weeks noarly nino thousand uuros of land on tho resorvo have boon takon up, and thoro is now very little to soloct, if any at all. 'i'lio. applications — thirty-sovou in number — are sup posod to come from dumniios representing ono party. Thoso dummies liavo lont thoir nainos to givo tho som- bliinoo of eomplianco with tlio requirements of tlio Act, which limits tlio quantity of land to 320 acres." Whon will all this chicanery nnd fraud eoaso ? or rather whon will our legislators legislato so wisely and so woll that it will not bo worth wliiio for mon to play tho parts of cheats. Nothing can bo more ridiculous, nothing more prejudicial to the country, aud cortninly nothing more oonducivo to keep up a broadly spread system of dnmuiying, or in pluiuor words, a system of roguery and deceit, than limiting mon to tho quantity of laud thoy may tako up. We do not know uny law so likely to koop tho capitalist away, nor ono so oortuiu to produeo a povorty stricken body of agriculturists as tho ono which binds a man down to hold no more than a cortaiu number of uoros, nnd which compols him to eultivnto crops only of a cortaiu description. Lot tho land bo thrown opon boUUy to capital ; the more acres a man of wealth holds tho hottor ; tho fewer tho worso ; capital creates labor, but labor novor can, unassisted, oroato capital. ' Lot us deluge our shores witli poor and ignorant men. What should wo do with thorn, and what would thoy do witli thomsolvos ? Thoy would ruin us ovon while thoy star ved. Wo would rather seo population inoroaso slowly without iramigrationjhnn pooplo our land with beggurs by tho thousands.' Wo nro already low oiiough. To dilute us still furtlior would utterly do- stroy our spin;, nnd mako us poor indeed. Rostrio- tions are littlo less than oursos, and Air. Fitz 1ms provod onco more how nblo ho is to assistin legislating for a young and atrugnling country, by contending thut tho lands of tlio oountry should not bo givon away, ovon if by so doing immigration of tho right descrip tion wore induced Mr. Fitz must bo iiubnod with tho porfoot spirit of shortsightedness ; ho must bo as dull of ooinprohonsion as a Fitzboodlo, and as ignorant, to think that bonofloial political offoots can bo pro duood but by wiso and liberal onuses. Mr. Fitz insists thnt tho land must bo sold ; ho had bettor also insist upon finding purohasors. Liko all deuii-visionod men, lio considers that our national dobt and its interest must be paid by soiling tlio national land. Can any- thing bo mors (also or more abiurd ? He forgets tliut Queensland has rivals that can boat it hollow at whnt ovor gamo it plays, and that our only chaiico of scor ing is by a lluko — iu othor words wo must whon our advorsai-ica name a nrioo, no matter what it bo, adver tise at a lowor. Whon Mr. Fitz oan moko land valu- able and saleable without its beiug pooplod, we should bo only too happy to loavo tho opposite bonolios and voto with liiin. Wo oan ncvor forgot thut ovory country now competing with us has ohoapor land and cheaper labour, greater wealth, aud better olimato aud soil. Mkum and Tuum. — A cororBpondont from tho Uppor Mary, writing to tho Weekly Herald, com; plains that amongst tlio toanistors " tliero is a pro- vailing ignorauco of tlio difference botwoon ineuin ana ftwmintho mattor of paddocks nlong their lino of 1 road." 'These gontlomcn don'l liko turning out their horses on Govornmont land, becauso thoy liuvo an ob-. joetiou to looking for thorn in tlio morning ; so to suvo thoinaelvos tho troublo, thoy complimont pnd dook owners by brooking down thoir rails, whioh thoy forgot afterwards to mond, and turning thoir oattlo in to food, perfectly careless of tlio wrong tlioy are imtno- diutoly committing, and of tho uitimato inisohiof which may occur. Tho notices that aro put tip ,8tating tliat " this is privuto property," nro taken j -y, and tho camp fire lighted with tho thnbor. 'Thougaat -dis orderly, and tho most deliberate of thoso/vjj,'yKfldors, are doscribod as coming from Brisbano. LiKo'inaslor liko man— tho North is a " nunky" who pays for ull, aud these follows aping thoir bettors, sooin to think that tlio Soutii has a positivo right to everything it can lay its hands on so soon as tlioy outer tlio northorn territories. A butlot or two straight botweon tlio oyos of tlio horsos or oxon, would bo tlio best euros ; nnd a stook woll applied ovor tho shoulders ol tho rowdy vagabonds iniglit produce a beneficial offect. " Somo b-ackguards tho other day travelling to Gympio, on passing a station asked for milk ; thoro was nono, tlioy were told, so tlioy marohed into tho houso, tlio master boing out, and throatonod to ransaok tho storo._ Ono of tho hands hearing the disturbance, wont in and told thorn tho first man ontoring tho store would bo ' shot, und showed a revolver, whon tho rowdios imme diately presented tho muzzles of two- or tlireo guns, but tho cowards — rowdies nro cowards goncrally— were trightonod, and wont away liko dogs, with thoir tails between thoir logs, whon tlioy found tlioy hud a detorminod man to deal with, instead of, us thoy imagined, a solitary woman, tho wifo of tbo owner of tho station." Such conduct as this lieods no coraraont ;. but the plunk of ono of tliq.h'.in:ls, might bo followol with liko results, and wo rocomincnd tho northerners to try it on a turgor scale. Mr AIoIjBod and Sugar. — Air. McLood of Olcvo- land, tolls us ono or two vory interesting facts — tlio first is that " lio never roads u colonial paper, for fear of becoming us grant' a fool as tlio oditor ; " tho second that ho " i9 convinced sugar i9 tho only crop yot triod nblo to stand tho sovora calls mado upon it| by this try ing climate." Mr. McLood boniinuucos his letter liko n man of genius, and finishes it liko a gontloman, for his uonolding paragraph tells all thoso who write, and nil thoso who loot uro, to tako kiudtv to tho axe aiul hutchot, couso their damned farce making and begin." Editors of papers aro writton down as fools by Mr. AfcLood because they do not grow sugar, but is that a proof Mint those who do grow sugar aro liqt worso fools than thoso who odit papers. Heaven liolp Iho oditor whoso writings could roduco Mr. AIcLcod bo'.ow wlint ho is; it would bo really a pity if our tweet friend reud tho Colonial papers, because it would bo u _ olinmo that so much wisdom nnd Bivgnoity, whioh lio' ovidontly possesses, should bo doslroyod or weakoncd. Tho editorial water must liover bo poured into tho rum of Mr. MoLood's distilling. But it strikes us vory forcibly that the reason why this Pundit doos not read tlio Colonial papers is bocauso ho cannot. Wo should quostion if lie really knows B from a bull's foot, and wo would wager ho gavo some poor 'intelli gent scoundrel half-a-orown to indito tho precious opistlo with which ho favored tliu Herald. Woe bo to tho poor Editors — to tlio miserable bosottod wrotohos who can writo and lecture — if this modern Jack Cado could but gut hold of them ; cannot wo fancy we hear him saying to ono of thorn, aftor his groat prototype, " Xliou hast most traitorously corrupted tho youth of tho realm in orocting a grammar sohool." " It will bo proved to thy faco thnt thou hast men about thoo that usually talk of a noun nnd a vorb." " Away with him, I say, hang him with his pon nnd inkhorn nbout his ncok." Air. MoLood ovidontly thinks ' of two things — that ia if ovor ho thinks— first, that " whore- ignorance is bliss 'tis folly to bo wiso," and, Bocondly, thut to grew sugar is tho vory highest point at which human ambition can aim — an occupation worthy of tho gods. 