OUR ADELAIDE LETTER, (From our own Correspondent.) December 14,1868. Mr. Reynolds' South-Eastern Railway debate collapsed in the House of Assembly on Friday. It is no use disguising the fact, this " sucking Gladstone" in oppo sition is not a tower of strength. In the Ministry he is tolerated because he knows something of finance, is thoroughly indus trious and thoroughly honest; but even there it is toleration rather than confi dence. His snappishness on the inde pendent benches annoys his best friends, and even they are tempted to forsake him in the day of adversity. It is just the opposite with Strangways. His bitter ness has so much of pleasantry in it that the victims themselves cannot feel perma nently offended. His personal popularity increases the harder he hits, and now the singular spectacle is afforded of a man in office who has been over and over again taunted as a political Ishmael; and not only in office, but likely to stay in. I have digressed thus far because it is an unquestionable fact that individual de portment has much to do with Parlia mentary success. Reynolds, clever as he is, and well-meaning as he is, commits a fatal mistake in constantly airing his own grievances when advocating public mea sures. And so it was on Friday night. He spent no end of time in defending a defunct Government ancl its policy, and in proving inconsistency against Mr. Hinck ley, and want of caution in Mr. Riddoch. But the proofs failed, as they were ill timed. The members, jaded with a week's hard service, wanted to get home, as the Advertiser puts it, to the bosoms of their family, and half-a- dozen caucus men cheerfully acquiesced in the Attoi'ney General's move to secure a count out. It was rather a galling incident in a moral indignation speech, but Rej-nolds had his revenue. There was a large accumulation of Government business on the paper, and he first delayed that by talking against time, and then, when a fitting opportunity occurred, procured a count out when there was no prospect of a count-in. The motion was, that it was desirable for the Government to take steps to. guarantee a Company a rate of interest in order to encourage the junction by rail of Port Caroline and Port MacPonnell-. Mr. Bower generously came to the aid of the Ministr3T and moved an amendment placed in his hands by the Attorney General, leaving the whole question to the Executive, with a view to their com municating with the Agent-General to make enquiries as to the prospect of an undertaking such as that shadowed out in the motion being taken up. The friendly flank movement was completely success ful ; Reynolds was routed without a divi sion, and the Government have thus laid aside the troublesome ghost of Soutli Eastern railways for a season. It is almost too much to hope great re sults from the Conference Deputation of last week. Blessed is he that expects nothing, for he shall not be sent empty away; and blessed is he that promises nothing, for lie shall not be chargeable with false pietences. This is an awfully contemplative Ministry. The most in significant matter mooted happens to be under their most careful consideration. This is especially the case in the Chief Secretary's and Commissioner of Public Works departments. Presiding over them are a couple of owls, utterly outrivalling each other by the profoundly of their re flections. In-face and tone they outdo Minerva herself for sagacity, but it is a great relief that they have somebody else to think for them. Now surely the South East is entitled to something more than " consideration." She has been feeding on the husks of unfulfilled promises for years, but now she is asked to regale her self upon the wind; to rely upon what Providence will send"her*after Mr. Bagot has meditated on her case. It is very hard lines. The people of the Souths East are a very long-suffering people, but to be thrown back to the very beginning in that unfeeling way istI should think, too much for her patience. To say that she has made out a good case is a mockery of her necessities. The patient does not require the phj'sician gravely to inform him that he is unwell when he has a moral conviction of the fact in griping pains and a succession of fainting fits ; nor does the starving man profit »reatly by the assu rance of a wealthy neighbour that he is a deserving object of charity. It is help, not sympathy, that is wanted now,and no effort should b,e spared ta certify this to the Ministry. The Northern Territory party are pre paring their outfit, and the photographers are busy in issuing groups of tlie heroes for preservation by a grateful country. Tlie Maonta, an easy-going old vessel, not at all likely to distress herself to serve even the impetuous Surveyor-General,has been chartered, and her lay days expire from to-day. She is to reach her desti nation by way of the Leuwin, and it is hoped will disembark her passengers about the tail end of the rainy season. That is one of those indefinite periods which it is highly desirable should be settled by Mr. Goyder with as little loss of time as possible. From "what I can make out, the ideas, of the public and the Northern Territory men as well, are ex cessively vague as to the point at -which the tropical showers, so courageously spoken of by the Treasurer on a recent occasion terminated. The members of tbe party have undergone a vigorous over haul at the hands of Dr. Peel and have been pronounced perfectly sound and seaworthy. Stores are being packed .up in wonderful quantity. Huge coffin-like chests are being crammed with tins of flour ; meat painted inches thick with salt, is being stowed away in barrels and other receptacles, and the minutisB of a twelve months' store are being hampered up and sealed for' safeV conduct. Mr. Goyder has fixed upon December 21 as the day of clearing, and with a stoic-like resolution, will positively sail on that day or the day after, Sir James Fergusson or no Sir Jas. Fergusson, Mr. Anstey or no Mr, Anstey (for it is understood that the! next branch mail will have among its passengers that uncompromising agent of Northern Territory Company indignation.) The lay days at the Northern Territory amount to 21, so that the engagement of the il/oojito is just about three months, and all for the sum of £30Q0. Over and above this there is to he a tiny steamer to ply upon the fresh waters of the river. A toy-boat, large enough to enable the Surveyor-General and one companion to take pleasure trips,, but; too, large for an alligator to swallow.. The Government haye had under con sideration the appointments for the- Mt. Gambier Hospitai; and again Adelaide has been visited by one or two trembling office-seekers, whose names, are not un known at The Mount. Bu$ no conclusion has been arrived at, Dr. Poel's successor has not been fixedupon.and the latest announcement is that applications for the situation will probably be called for. The office of Dispenser is now to be filled tip also; ^ ' . .' Mr. H. L. Galbraith is now in Adelaide, armed with a powerful certificate of cha racter in the shape of a. memorial, signed by over 60 South-East squatters, sheep keeping farmers, and representatives of pastoral tenants. Among the names are those of persons who have been fined by the Second Inspector, including Mr. Sutton's^ Altogether, it is an influential list, and by the time it is handed in to the Commissioner of Crown Lands it will probably have a hundred weighty signa tures attached to it. The language of the memorial is as complimentary and un equivocal as the subscribers to it are in fluential. It bears testimony to the zeal and ability of Mr. Galbraith, a::d strongly recommends his re-instatement without delay as the officer in charge of the Vic toria district. Such a document might be of value, if admissible, at the approach ing libel trial-Galbruilh v. Hughes. All the preliminaries for the hearing of this cause are being arranged, but of course it cannot come on until tho Civil Sittings take place- in February or March, I be lieve. _ A subject which is under the considera tion of the Government at the present time is the removal of the Local Land Sales at Mount Gambier. The Commis sioner of Crown Lands informed Mr. Kiddoch the 6ther day that they had been discontinued by reason of the want of competition, but that time would be taken to discover whether it would be wise to revert to them. 6 o'clock. I have just heard that the Government have appointed Mr. James Jackson,M.D. of London University, M.II.C.'S. England, late an assistant medical officer of the London Hospital, to succeed Dr. Peel. He will be Assistant Colonial Surgeon, and also Resident Medical Officer at the Mount Gambier Hospital. He brings with him very high testimonials, and is to enter upon his duties without delay. I believe from what I can learn that he is a thoroughly efficient and gentlemanly offi cer, and will well supply JDr. Peel's place. In the House of Assembly this after noon the Treasurer gave notice of a Bill to borrow £50,000 for main road.purposes, and Mr. Pierce submitted a motion very similar in its form to that recently de bated at the instance of the Hon. T. Reynolds in regard to the construction of railways in the c?outh-E:»st on a guarantee of interest. In reply to a question, the Commissioner of Public Works assured the House that the lifeboat shed at Eobe was abundantly large enough to accommo date the boat. A long privilege debate was initiated on an amendment made bj' the Secretary of Crown Lands in a Bill for the appropriation of the proceeds of the sales of waste lands. After executing a series of manoeuvres with a view of pre venting any severe collision between the Houses, the Attorney-General moved an amendment on the Council's amendment, and the probability is that the measure will be sacrificed. The House has now got on to the Estimates, and report goes that they will not get off' thein till nine o'clock to-night. A few trivial reductions are being made, but the Attorney-General contemplates rather sweeping changes in reference to the Volunteer Force. At present it involves an annual cost of some £10,000, but by retrenchment in various directions the Government hope to bring it down to £*3,700 or £'3,SD0. The wheat market has a resolutely downward tendency. The price is now quoted as low as 4s. for dray loads, al though large lots fetch 4s. 2d. There is not a very cheerful prospect for the agri culturists so far as prices are concerned, although their crops promise a large yield. The Hcgisler estimates the total at 6,600,000 bushels, about the same as in the past season of 1866-7. lieeent infor mation confirms the idea that tho harvest will bo excellent. 