The caucus of the Council yesterday was a failure. No doubt it will now be said that it was never intended to be more than an empty form ; bui had it not been for the disapprobation expressed on every side, there can be little doubt that the business of the session would have been prejudged by those assembled, the quarrel of the last Parliament would have been renewed, and the arrival at a settlement of the dispute indefinitely postponed. We may now surely be allowed to hope that tho Governor has exhausted his ingenious devices, and that he will no longer stand between the people and the Parliament whose duty it is to give effect to their decision. If Mr a'Beckett intends to construct a Cabinet, he should do so promptly, or retire in favor of some more skilful workman. The sixth week of the Governor's search for a Ministry is now entered upon, and during the whole period thei'9 was aot for a single day the slightest chance of the search re sulting otherwise than in disappoint ment. Mr Fellows's attempt was a sham. Mr Riddell played the part of a feotman out of livery, and nothing more. Mr Sladen's mis sion was a myth, and Mr a'Beckett's a blunder. The Governor must surely be as tired as everybody else of this bubble blowing pracess, and a return to busi ness may be looked for. Having found his way out of the political scrub in which he has lost himself so long, he will be delighted to feel the beaten track once more under his feet. As his Excellency must now see the necessity of at once providing himself Avith advisers, we presume that ho will turn in the direction where alone they are to be found, and where alone a leader possessing the confidence of the Assembly and of the public should be looked for. The Governor, has done more than enough, for the minority. He ias opened,. wide tfie door -for them, and. has used persuasion to induce them to enter. But all his courtesy and complaisance has been wasted, and has been oven resented. That he should have done so is a matter of which tho neglected majority had ma son to complain ; but for those who hav* been favorod to turn round upon hint and abuse him for the repeated opportu nities he has afforded them, is base in gratitude. That his last stroke of po licy was a mistaken one we have already pointed out ; but that it was prompted bj a desire to show tho most fastidious re gard to tho feelings of the Council, and to place the House in the most favorable po sition for choosing its policy of tho fu ture, must bo evident, and it should havo been received with politeness. Tho truth appears to be that the Governor, from his very excess of cour tesy to the Opposition, is coinpelliag them to show their utter weakness, aud as they do not like this, they would be really thankful to bis Excellency if he would ceaso his attentions, even though the object of their hatred, the M'Cullocu Ministry, should return to power. As the Governor must now seek and abido by the advice of a Ministry pledged to rule iu accordance with tho condemnatory of tho Legislative Assem bly, but the Council is repeatedly told, if not directly, at loast by implication, that it is in the wrong. The doctrine '* that it is tho duty of the upper branch of tho Legislature to yield to public opinion is clearly inculcated. It is bat justice to the Governor to observe that his despatches convey ft singu larlv exolicit and accurate account of the progress of the quarrel. Too great a desire is manifested to avoid personal responsibility by Boeking in structions ; but, on the whole, his Ex cellency has, with fidelity, to constitu tional views, expressed his opinions, and assigned reasons for his conduct. The Duke of Buckingham, informed of the rejection of tho Supply Bill by the Coun cil, says that ' As at present advised, ' I regret tho refusal of the Coun 11 cil to pass the bill.' So tho mat ter stands. Tho members of the Council yesterday, in caucus assembled, heard tho reply of tho Colonial Office. It is for them ' to consider.' The tri bunal to which they appealed has de clared that they owe allegiance to public opinion constitutionally expressed. X Uullu UjJllllUIi 11*13 uucu uiuau wm^uiiui cally expressed, and it is for the Council ' to consider' whethor further resist ance is not most perilous. Every resource has failed. The general election proved adverse. Tho Op position cannot fulfil their constitutional obligation to form an Administration to carry out thoir viows — the colony for more than a month has been with out a Government. We believe that his Excellency, in the minute read by Mr a'Beckett yesterday, in substance in formed the Council that ho intended to put an end to the existing provisional government, by acting under the advice of responsible Ministers. The sooner his Excelluncy puts the re solution in force tho better. He is now fully armed. He is informed of the duties, responsibilities and obligations of the Upper House, and he is left in no doubt as to the manner in which he is expected to govern. There is nothing iu tho case, he is told, to forbid !_?_ __!*__ '_ ? f L! ? A— A.\ ? // ? ms acting in oppuBuiou lo iub u&cer-; ' tained wishes of tho communit£.#w Those wishes are not only that tho grant should bo carried, but that it should not now be the subject of a separate bill. We congratulate the Liberal party on the results of the Council's appeal to tho Colonial Office. They sought an expression of opinion, and have got it. If at all regardful of their future, let them ' consider.' The Legislative Council appealed to GffiSAR, and now it has got tho judgment. Anxious to justify its resistance to tho popular wishes, aad ready to sacrifice their constitutional independence, the majority of the Council rushed to tlio Colonial Office for protection and vindi cation. The Duke of Buckingham was invited to censure the Governor for having sent down, at the request of his Ministers, a message for the Durling grant ; to say that his Excel lency had misinterpreted the de spatch announcing tho retirement of Sir Charles Darling from tho public service, and generally to condemn the Ministry', the Assembly, and the Yic jrian people. Tho appellants had their own way because the Assembly declined to recogniso the tribunal ; consequently the remonstrance, inaccurate as it was, went home uncontradicted. Tho reply has come, and at their emeus yesterday the hon. gentlemen had it before them. They are comforted with the as surance that in the opinion of the Duke the proposed grant was not an infraction of tho colonial regulations. Of its pelicy or propriety his Grace de clined to express any opinion, but as his Excellency's responsible advisers had recommended it, there was nothing to warrant the Colonial Office to forbid ' the Governor to be party, under the ' advice of his responsible Ministers, ' to those formal acts which were no ' cessary to bring the grant under the ' consideration of the local Parliament.' That is explicit enough, and gives to his Excellency counsel, of which at the present moment he stands much in need. He is told to be guided by his re sponsible advisers, and to do those for mal acts which may be necessary _ to brine the Grant under tho consideration of the looal Parliament. Having dis posed of that part of the question, his Grace proceeds to say that the confiiefc existing between the two Houses might perhaps have been avoided had the vote been submitted in a separate measure ; but there is no expression which can be construed into condem nation of the Legislative Assem bly ; no allegation that the inclusion of the vote iu the Appropriation Bill was . unconstitutional or improper. Doubt less, by a separate bill a conflict might have been avoided, because tho granr, for the reasons assigned by the Legisla tive Council, would have been rejected ; but his Grace is familiar with numerous precedents in English history, even so ecenfc as 1801, which show that it is iuat when a conflict may be avoided 'by the loss of the measnre in ! question that the House of Com I mons resorts to that gcntie pressure I which leaves to the Lords na alternative I but surrender or the provocation of a I breaeh of the public peace. Consequently, I the Pake refrains from condemnation cf ! the Legislative Assembly. He knows ! r_ii _.«ll that if Via AcmiaA thn riffht of i (to people's representatives to includo ibe grant in the Appropriation Bill he would be giving utterance to unconstitutional sentiments, which would certainly bring on the existing Adminis tration the censure of the House of Commons. Then the Legislative Council are told that if after a general election it shall be showa that a majority'of the inhabitants of Victoria are favorable to the grant, it is for khem to «onsider whether it is desirable to longer oppose themselves to the wishes of the eommu x nily. We hope the lion, gentlemen assembled yesterday did 'consider,' becauso if resistance be persevered in all things point to their ultimately going to tho wall. Admitting them to bo valorous, valor destitute of dis cretion is brute obstinaoy. The hon. gentlemen are told by the tribunal to which thoyhave appealed 'to consider,' and we invite them to follow the advice. Because, as his Excellency has already informed them, circumstances are by the reply to their remonstranco changed, and there now remains no hindrance to tho GoTornor acting under the advice of his responsible Ministers. We are informed that the caucus of yesterday did not produce the result tho Governor was sanguine enough to expect, and his Excellency must new feel that whilst, acting under tha advice of hia responsible advisers he is constitutionally strong, but that, appealing personally to the wisdom or forbearance of tho Legislative Ceuncil, ho is excessively weak. Throughout the whole of the despatches there is no expression will of thff people, ho cannot too quickly bring the matter to the test. By re ealliug his former advisers, the loss of time whieh would be caused by the necessity whioh would exist for the resignation and re-election of how Minis ters would be obviated, a consideration, in times of urgency, of much weight. Promptitude is now what is wanted. There are no more despatches to be waited for. The question must be locally decided, and the time for decision has arrived. Tho pleasure cf the Queen having been 'signified, it matters not what tho members of the British Parlia ment may think, say, or do in the matter. If they choose to censure us, we can re turn the compliment. Nothing on earth should' now be allowed to stop tho way. If the deadlock be not at an end in a fortnight there will be gross dereliction somewhere. We : may reasonably and confidently hope that, by Tuesday next, the govern ment of the colony will be running in its proper, constitutional groove ; and after such a' period of stormy contention as has beau passed through, all parties will no doubt be glad to settle down te a littlo quiet and earnest legislative work. There I is tnus a prospect 01 me new jrariiaincns f doing public service of the most valuablo i kind; and there is even hope that I the Opposition; will be ablo to \- make their efibrtB to obtain place and | .power conducive to the progress of the I lolony. The sooner they get .rid I of the barren topic ', which has been; '-, so long and, for them, so frriit \ lessly discussed, the better will be \ their chance of obtaining a hold on ; tho public confidence by raising a new '{ battle-ory suggestive of some patriotic I movement. What is wanted is a strong I Government and a respectable Opposi tion, to make beneficial legislation and ; vigorous administration realities. ; There' is now really no obstacle which 13ti6ald.be allowed to prevent the formal ' opening of Parliament with tho usual vice- regal speech on Tuesday next; to be followed by the speedy resumption of public works and a return to prompt payment of the public creditor. The pro3peefc of so desirable a consummation must have a stimulative effect upon all who may have it in their power to further the requisite preparations. The Governor has the key of the dead lock in his possession, and all that ho has to do is to insert it, and turn it with a vigorous hand. There is no oc casion for any further attempts to obtain a prevision of what the Council will do under particular circumstances. The knowledge will come in due course, and that too more quickly than by the most ingeniously contrived expedients to worm it out prematurely. If events be allowed to progress in their natural order, it will be found that there is na deadlock at all, and that the phantom which has been conjured up is the mere ghost ©f the bugbear of a former year. 