' wesl'ey'.s' philosophical bus. ' As an Oxford Churchman. he was a servile, but conecientio'us,' rifnalist, seeking for salvation by. rites, -and in sacraments, and through good xvorks ; as an individual, thinker, contributing of his own in telligence and -reflection to the building up of doc trine. he was, wich the xvhole bSnt of his bias and to the' Utfiiilstrof his logical: p&tvef;, a philoaopher. Laxv himself, when hewasat his best, before he had developed- hiB' o'wh"- riiysiieal philosophy had pro nounced a reraarkablo sentence oil Wesley, then his disciple, which Wesley ueVer forgot, auil xvhich he foiin(l occa8ioa>mphatlcally to bring to Law s Re collection in after years. "I see where yi.ur mistake lies. Yon xvBuld hiive a philosbphiuahrkligion ; but there can be no sucli tiling. So far as you add philosophy to religion, just so far you spoil it." And wheu Bolder .was striviug. to bring .Wesley to " the simplicity tlmt' isi in Christ," lie hail to insist and ex claim "jSly brother, my brother, that philosophy of thiue must be purged away " ( cxiioquenda est Ulu philosophia tua). ' This telidency tt) philosophize re mained .with, Wesley to .the end. Some of his ser- - mons ddriWdffom it a depth and ridhliess of thdilgli t which amply attest tho pliilosnj-hic facnlty and bias of the writer. Such, for ifistaiic'e, is' that fine ser- mon.on ."The Original of the Law." And many occasional pieces, published in his magazine (the Arffieniiin 'Magazine) and elsewhere, (showed to .the last how the beiit.remained. , But, as a general rule, "WfeSlljiffigiSiyireitfamed. bis -disposition i to specu late on diviue doctriues. He shunned all attempts to be wise above tvhat' i< 1 written.- --He was afraid to pry with eyes of human scrutiny into " the secret things which belorig-'unto' the Lord."' Precisely in proportion .to, his own natnral.tendency to speculate was the' guard 'xi'hich bVpilt'Tipbii himself. He looked on. this side, of his nature as peculiarly ex posed to temptations, of which he dreaded the fascination-,' because be knew, too well liotv terribly powerfnl.it was. When he bebtfiae a convert, how- evejf, tqthi grand doctrines .dt ealvatidn by faitliL involving tiie evangelical viefta of Justification, te- generation, sanctification, add peace and joy in the Holy Ghost, 'all through faith ib Christ— bis xvhole system of opinions nnderiv&nta; fundMheuta) change. Hismhhe philosophy wasabantidned at bhce. He be came apreacner of faith and a stddfent of Paul., His ritualism was struck at its roSl xvitli a'ltiflrlal blow, and .from that moment "began to xvither away. A; riuthberofold and lotig cuatoinafy prejudices ' trad predilection's— habits of thoUght and feeling which had bdediho'ifefcorid nature—Still clave to hiin for Fa while,, but these -dropped offobe by one, until sMteblyli' veMngeof therti 'wlis 'left. All tlio ' irre gularities qf. the Methodist leader ; his roAuuciation of CantcfiFBigotfy-.'dhd.'exdusivoncss ; his "partial, but progressive snd fundamental, separation from' a church which imposed shackles on liis evangelical nctiritite, andfrowncd upoii his . cohvefts ,"'and in the ultimate- Separation, in due sequence, of: the chiiVeh'hc-liad founded from the church in which he was nurtured ; all. these results were involved in tliU.ohnngo. Jt is this which made tho difference between' Wisley and New-man. Newman had re- . ntmnced justification by faith, and clung to aposto lical succession and therefore lio wont to Rome ; Wesley etnbracod justification by faith, hud re nounced apostolical succession, therefore his people nfe h separate people from tho Church of England.— Loiidoh Qunrtei'lyRcview. effects of intemperince.— A very painful in- stance of. the consequences of indnlgonco in drink came before the Middlesex Sessions on July 21, when Mr Stanley Leigh Powell, describing himself as a clerk in holy orders, pleaded guilty to an indict ment for obtaining from Henry Hooker the sum of £10 10s., with iutont to defraud. Tiie case xvas ex plained by Mr Moody, counsel for the prosecution, who said that the prisoner was a person of good educ'aliob, and had been aclergyman. For tbo de fence, a loug and rambling statement, written by Powell, was rend by Mr Warner Sleigli, bisdoiinael, In this extraordinary document tke prisoner ascribed his disgraceful career to the love ot drink. He had been engaged to a wealthy widow, but op the night before the marriago became so intoxicated that lie could not attend nt church, and; the match -xvas brokon off. , Oil a subsequent occasion, in U fit of drunkenness, and not knowing whathb was doing, he had stolen property from an hotel, and put on by mistake another man's coat ahd waistcoat. For one of tbeso offences ho was acquitted oil tho ground that ho had kecomo insane through drink. Having been discharged from the lunatic asylum, to whioh he xvas committed, he again accepted a curacy, .but lost this position after a sh rt time. He had been several times in gaol, and twite or thrice had at tempted to commit suicnlo. Then lie got a new start in life, and for some time abstained from in- toxioating liquors, but again relapsed into a course of dissipation and crimo. T1 n Assistant Judge thought that the prisoner's own account of himself aggravated liis offence, and accordingly sentenced him to penal servitude forfive years. . 