THE "PUNCH" ANNUAL PICNIC. WE must make some apology to our readers for inflicting on them some account o£ the annual picnic given by the proprietors of Punch to their employes. Public curiosity is often directed towards the interior of a large newspaper office (especially if we owe the public any money), and why shouldn't the public be gratified? Certainly: then " up with the rag;" or, as the Argus reporter puts it, "unhesitatingly draw the veil away," and, as the celebrated COBBETT truly and beautifully remarks, " on we go." This picnic is given once a year; that is to say, annually. Last year the A.S.N. Company's rowing boat, Mary Susan Jane, was chartered for an excursion to the Blackwall Docks; but at the last moment it was found she had sprung a leak and was totally unseaworthy, therefore the picnic was postponed sine die. In the two preceding years it never came off at all, on account of the scarcity of food and the high price of fuel; but this year the festivity was particularly well timed, as hardly one of the employes had tasted food for months, and were well able to do justice to the good cheer provided. The scene of Saturday last was particularly enjoyable, for the hard-worked slaves of the lamp of knowledge took their brief (not beef) pleasure, and took it heartily. The first blush of autumn had been busy on the wild moor, and the yellow buds of marancthincartha contrasted well with the more sombre colour of mother earth. It was what the North Americans would call an "Injian summer" (whatever that is). It was just the day for an out-door holiday (Saturday). The morning was not bright at first, owing to the darkness; but when the sun rose, it was quite light, and resembled, as it went on, what the laureate calls "the pea-green delight." Presently, the cool southern breeze blew violently on to a crowd of bravely- dressed women and men, as ready to take pleasure as anybody else. Faces which had been drawn into every variety of shape under the gaslight for the last twelve months suddenly resumed their accustomed form (a sorry sight!). Every department was fully represented, editorial (especially), artistic, printing, publishing, punning, and engraving—all bent on enjoyment. And the ladies (bless 'em!) sported every hue of the rainbow on their backs—especially the BISMARCK colour—quite forgetful of the weary nights they had waited (?) for their belated lords, thinking they were hard at work on supplements or English mail news when they were doing it bravely at the Varieties. There was a great crowd on the platform, but somehow all the people got into their places at last—those that didn't were left behind; and then the engine moved off, and had to be brought back again, as it was discovered by the traffic superintendent, the faithful JEREMY, that she was not fastened to the carriages. At last all was ready, the "great guns" were removed from their hobbies forcibly, the iron horse gave one fierce snort, and the train moved rapidly out of the station, just as the CHIEF PRINTER, bathed in perspiration, entered. It was no use: the iron horse, like '* time and tide," waited for no one; and the CHIEF PRINTER, with a determination that does him credit, at once set off in pursuit. He succeeded in gaining a buffer, and managed to support himself by that till the train arrived at its destination. The CHIEF PRINTER added much to the amusement of the pleasure- seekers by his extraordinary gyrations round the buffer-pin during the progress of the train. In the fullness of time the train drew up at the grand stand, and the picnic fairly began. Then ensued a scene to which the humble writer of these lines can do but scant justice. Far abler pens might fail to describe the humours of the picnic. To see mothers, fathers, and children devouring the food with the rapidity of lightning, and quarrelling one with the other over tho largest pieces! Here was a youth of some eighteen summers with a large piece of pie stuck in his throat, and rapidly becoming black in the face. There a member of tho gentler sex eagerly devouring an uncooked ham, with her foot placed firmly in a jam tart in order to secure it from her fellow-feeders. Here two children with their teeth firmly fixed at either end of a German sausage, calling one another names; bounded on the left by the proprietor of the Sydney Morning Herald, busily engaged in picking the crumb out of a half-quartern loaf. How can we tell of the little joke of inviting folks to try Castlemaine ale in the little press-room, and then giving them cold tea instead—of the enthusiastic individuals who brought rods and lines, and went fishing till they fell in—of the band of musicians, who could only play one tune, and that imperfectly, in consequence of a disagreement with the flute on the eve of starting—of the way the nervous and abashed junior reporter and the father of the Australian Press played leap-frog together, until the father of the Australian Press was discovered cheating—of the merry children who fell down on the o-ravel and scratched their faces—of the races that were run, and the fun of there being no prizes for the winners—of the thirteen distinct stand-up fights in the saddling paddock—of the dear little cliildren-in-arms, who howled all the time—of the pugnacious manager, who would have had the CHIEF PRINTER'S best heart's blood, & but that it might have soiled his shirt-front, and therefore waited another opportunity—of the splendid oratory of the editor, who commenced his speech with, " Unaccustomed as I am to public speaking."—of the sudden appearance of COBBETT'S ghost, with a tablecloth round him, and a toasting-fork in his right hand, The sensation was too good to last, and as the sun went down, night gradually approached, and the scream of the iron horse, kept in waiting, .gave warning that pleasure had nearly had its day. -Those that could walk to the carriages did so, and those that couldn't were left on the ground—to get home how they could. [We give below another account of this great event. For obvious reasons, it is impossible for us to give any reason for the remarkable fact that the two reporters, whose account we submit to the public, are entirely at variance as to the locality where the picnic was held, and likewise as to the various arrangements connected therewith. We leave the matter entirely to the public, who pay their money and can take their choice.] MR. PUNCH gave his usual annual picnic to his employes yesterday. No apology is necessary in notifying this to our readers. Some may imagine that Mr. PUNCH'S generosity should be a matter of privacy, but he does not see any reason why he should not make it public. The whole of Mr. PUNCH'S staff, composed of one printer, one printer's devil, one office boy, several ladies, and dog TOBY, proceeded to Eichmond Paddock by special cab. Two boys, belonging to the outdoor department, who vend Punch in the streets, were unable to attend, being engaged collecting statistics for a leader m the Age; suitable apologies were, however, forwarded. The festivity was particularly well timed, as Mr. BINDON has been re-elected, therefore Mr. P. has accomplished his mission, and is at ease, lhe P and O. Company's agent also promised Mr. P. that the English mail should on no account be allowed to arrive during the picnic. The happy party arrived safely at its destination, and the picnic commenced in earnest. TOBY first cleared the ground of all small bovs, billygoats, and grasshoppers. This the immortal dog did m his usual style. It would be almost impossible to describe the contents of the 216 hampers, containing all the delicacies of the season, that were provided for the festive occasion. Suffice it to say that the coffee-Btall man at the corner of Bourke-street acted as purveyor, and truly excelled himself. We only regret he was not employed during the PRINCE'S visit. At dinner Mr. PUNCH proposed the health of TOBY, and TOBY proposed the health of Mr. PUNCH. Both returned thanks. Several other toasts were drunk, and Mr. P. proposed—" The Ladies." He was in his happiest vein, and had "brought three new jokes with him. Now commenced the sports. THE "PUNCH" SPORTS. Judge, Mr. PUNCH. Starter, TOBY. Handicappers, Messrs. BROWN and ROBINSON AQUATIC SPORTS. Swimming Match, to DIGHT'S Palls and back. Prize—A. Box of Hairpins. There was a little dispute as to whether TOBY was to be allowed to swim in his skin, as the others were to take their clothes off. This was therefore postponed. HALF-MILE RACE. Prize—A Pair of Trousers. Publishing department, I Typographical department, Office boy. | Printer's devil. This was a dead heat, as the competitors came in neck and neck. Mr. PUNCH therefore awarded a leg to each. PLAYING AT HORSES, 300 YARDS FLAT RACE. Prize—Two penny rolls, and a pat of printer's ink. Everybody to run on four legs. Open to all departments. TOBY came in first, Mr. P. a bad second, and the rest nowhere. TWO-LEG RACE, 221£ YARDS 4 INCHES. Prize—Full report of Argus picnic. This was won by Mr. JONES. Great amusement was caused, as TOBY was nowhere in. this race. THE BELLE HUNT. Mr. PUNCH, with his usual gallantry, caught the "belle" before anybody had time to look round. This ending the day's festivity; before leaving, Mr. PUNCH moved a vote of thanks to Kichmond Paddock for the way it had behaved, and also to a man who had left a load of broken glass bottles. The party then returned home, and all ended quietly, with the exception of a little turn up between TOBY and the Argus dog, who was trying to look through a crack in. our office door during the absence of the staff. 