SYDNEY. Wednesday Erening. Fire burglars attempted to rob the branch of tho Commercial Banfe, at Newtown, thia morn- ing. The police disturbed them, all the burglars escaped. The Eiama mystery papera (referring to the attempted assassination ct the Frince) h aro been printed, and contain nothing new. Parkes1 conduct in the matter ii unsparingly con- demned. Camnbell has been elected for Weet Sydney. Sailed-"Clarence," (? " Balclutha.") IN the case of M. Brodnitz T. the A.S.N. Company, postponed from the last Petty Debts Court Sittings until yesterday. Mr. Bellas yester- day stated to the Bench that sn arrangement had been made between the parlies for a farther j I adjournment for a month. ' ÍTiru Lion Crook Races will cowie off on tho j 1st of January, on the course, at Lion Creek, j ? There OM to be five races, and the prizes ere i tíuílí-ieiilly high to in du oe a muster of good hordes. There was some'talk of hiving races ou our own course on Doling Day, but there ts no appearance of any action haring Uceo taken in 1 ho matt ur. THE ni íes i up petition which Mr. Archer was requested ta look up, came, it appears, from sonic (tei lenla on Lion Creek. A dam has been thrown ncross the Creek lately, which, in the opinion of thc petitioners, will have tho effect of injuring their property, by causing an over- flow of water an the adjoining land. They propose that the dam should bc urocted at the mouth of tlie Creek. A UEVÍ8ION of tho electoral rolls for the Port Curtis utid Rockhampton District*, took place at the Court-house, on Tuesday, before the Police M jg i st nit«! and Messrs. Jardine and Ranken. Tho rolls were gone through, and the Clerk of Petty Sessions was direoted to ascertain the qunh flout i JU and how arising pertaining to a large number of electors on the roll. THE new Colonial Secretary confirmed in his address at South Brisbane the statement made by the Premier the week before, of the over* spending by thc Ule Government of £65,000. With regard to the finances of the colony, which, a* he balierei, constituted thu must im portant question of the diy, they were all aware that, for two or tliren yeara p.tst, it had been a very common thing toovcr- estiirutcUie revenue. During 1867, hoverer, very groU changos had taken plaoe, the result of which was a very con si loro ble falling off in the rorenuo The Go- vernment of that diy, in order to moot such falling off, reduced the expenJit'lri, and were prep ired to carry out largo reductions in order to mike it como within tho revenue. They did not, hoverer, succeed in thh. In t he present year tilings were rory different. Tn consequence of th« goldfields, aili other things, the reven JU for tho current voir wu* largely in excess of writ bad been anticrpatnd. The l ite florern-neut framed their Katirinha in thc csp.vl ilbn Out all tito receipts would be expended ; and, not withal an ding that the revenue for tiic year would probably nxceaI whit was antieipited hy about £(»5,003, an! that the late Treasurer had made promises thu there should bo no Supple- mentary Kal imites, (In late Gjvornmont had expended evejy penny of (he in some, and miro boeir.08, and there were already Supplementary Estimates to bo voted of about £70,00? for tho current year, in addition *o those for tho pro ' ceding twelve nmitlis. Tho whole of ibero Sup- plementary líítiTUtoi, moreover, were for suma expended without lin uUh-mtvnf the Parlîi ment. It nppeired to him advisable that this practice should c*-i9* ; uni. with ihe knowledge that the receipts fur (he carrent year would be »maller th vi th* Ri^ndUurj ->vith tho know lcdgi of lhat fact before him-h.; wan not. at all prepared to a I ci .Min any relu-tio i vi th! Lixi tion. He could not see ho» it was possible for any Crorernincnt to propose to take off tux Cd, when they know that there would bo a defi- ciency which would h »ve to be mut by Join. But he believed timi the prejwnt Government would be able to rod ure the expen diture, and when they had reduced the expenditure BO as to leave a suppl in, then they would pro- pone a redaction in thc ti Kati m equivalent to that surplus. À LETTER received it town fron the Bonnie Doon a day or two ago says-a new large and rich reef has boon found in No. I, North, off Orr's prospecting cUim, at the north boundary of the Bonnie Doon C jmpany*s claim, and to oil appearance runs nil through the Company's claim. A hatful of specimens was picked out in a very short ti ne; great excitement prevailed amongst, the miner?, and (!w simio is said to o josi to tho best lately taken ont of thc prospec- tor^ claim. The writer ulai says that to show (he estimate at which it is held by the shareholders (hem, a holder of IBS shares refused an oflV of 17a. *> i.» cash dow», por share, made by a practical Cawarral roofer, the shareholder not considering tho offer near the value of the shares. Tl io stone is full of the mineral gene- rally found in tho heat reefs mid will go (says the writer) ounces to (he ton, at least such is tho opinion of judges. At the end of No, 2 North adjoining Orr's boundary, Quinn and party have laid bare a line of reef and get gold thickly distributed in nearly every stone. OK Tuesday week a beary storm visited Westwood. The wind blew with such force that the verandah and part of the roof of Gibbes' hotel was blown off. The rain (ell in torrents. The effects of the fall of rain are already visible around Westwood, and for ton milos at this side of it there being now abundance of young grass a foot, high, where a fortnight ago all was bare and brown. TUR usual Meeting of tho Building Society No, 3, was held on Monday last at the offices of tho Secretary, Denham Chambers. The report and balance sheet, as read, were adopted. Messrs. A. Grant, G. B. Shaw, A. Q. ITenriqucs, and il. Holt were elected directors, end Messrs. D. T. Mulligan and J. Brignell auditors. TUE Valantiuc machine has completed the crushing of 75 tons of stone belonging to Im rie and Company, and the yield amounted to 72 ozs. 4 dwts. 12 gre. The Morinish machine will finish to-day with 100 tons from Montgomery's claim, No. 1 Soutli Alliance. Tl ie Allbeury machine is about to be eh if ted to a permanent [ waterhole, a short distance from tho cite now occupied by the machine. ON Monday evening a good deal of rain fell at Cawarral. At Mount Wheeler the electrical storm appeared to have concentrated, and burst with unusual fury, the discharges of lightning being incessant, and followed instantaneously by tremendous crashes of thunder. The wind blew in fierce gusta, accompanied with heavy rain intermixed with hailstones as large as pigeons1 eggs. There is abundance of feed and water everywhere, and there is no danger of a snort supply for any number of crashing ma- chines that may be erected on these diggings. The alluvial has proved & failure, and no gold worth speaking of hes been found as yet. THE weather still continues very hot and oppressive. Yesterday the sky was overcast with a thin fleer* of dull looking clouds, and there was a *' muggy " heat very trying, and more oppressive than clear sunshine. The at mosphère appears to be in a state of electrical explosion, and storms of more or lesB severity have visited most partB of the district Here but little rain has as yet fallen. The weather, on Saturday and Sunday next-the fifth and sixth days after the new moon-according to Marshall Bugeaud'e rule, should determine the character of the weather during the rest of the month. . AT a meeting of tho Volunteers, held aft parade uu Tuesday evening, in tho hall adjoi ing tho Cornstalk Ilotel, Or. A. 0. Bobertsi was re-olro^J Assistant-Surgeon of the Coi pany. The election of eooond Lieutenant tuk place this evening. A WOMAN, aged eixty-eevon years, named Ma Duggan, died somewhat suddenly near the Tc pen Yeppen Lagoon yesterday. She was tho wi of an old shepherd iii the employment of M W. Pattison, and was returning from town her hooie. About noon ehe called at tho bou of a man named Dunbar, at tbs lagoon, at appeared then to be considcably under tl iudueuce of drink. She eat down on a cha ani then fell off the seat, and became through the drink she had taken. She appear« to recover and loft the house, but she had n proceeded above thirty yards when elie fi down, and was then carried to the neare sholtor-an empty humpy CIOBO by, whore el died about two boure afterwards. Dr. Salmon saw the dead body, and considers that death wi caused by habits of intemperance accelerated I th? heat of the weather. WE were glad to see a good house last nigl nt the Theatre Royal, on the occasion of Mi Stephenson's benefit. " Macbeth " was wc put on the stage, and the general effect wi euch as might be expected f.om the andiene Thc legitimate drama has no chance against nigger broak-down, and the immortal Williai ie rather small beer to the habitues of tl Boyal. Wo suppose it was tho consciousness < firing ovor the heads of the audience if 1 adopted a natural tone that induced Mr. Burfoi to give them "Macbeth" screaming hot. Wit every desire to give Mr. Burford credit for h efforts, wo are bound to say his conception < " Macbeth " is not natural to the charucti or to himscir. There was too much sound an fury throughout, and effective passages wei sought to be made more so by extravagat vociferation enough to frighten even Banquo Ghost. Miss Stephenson, as Lady Machet . came nearer to Shakespeare's ideal of cancel tratcd pitilessness and ambition united in woman. Uer acting is never forced nor unni tural, and she gave a true appreciation of IK part. These are the two prominent charactei of the piece, and its successful representatio deponds chiefly on the spirit and truth wit which they aro acted. The choruses ia th witch scene wore powerfully rendered, and wei evidently enjoyed by the audience. The sole by Messrs. Johnson and Bice, and Mrs. Bici were also well sung. On the whole, the pla went off very well, and with a little tonini down would be found to draw good houses j repeated. OSE of tho grievances of the North, whic oven the Brisbane people, with the exception c tho lawycs, are willing to admit BB we! founded, is tho present Insolvency practice The cost and delay to all personB residing in th North who aro forced to seek this form of relie are very great and vexatious. A caso has bool meutioncd of a person from herc who has epon over £10 in attending tho Court in Brisbane Tn Bowen a caeo occurred where the insolvcn had not the funds for tho trip to Brisbane, an< the alternativo loft tho Judge in Brisbauo wa I to order tho arrest of a man in tho Kenned; District to test the truth of his affidavit, or ti wipe out the case altogether. The eystou works badly for both debtor and creditor, ant there is nothing to justify its continuance oxcep tho necessity of keeping up a fine feeding ground for Brisbane lawyers. The administra tion of the Insolreuoy laws should bo delegate! to the Provinces. The subject was brought under the notice of Mr. Lilley two years ago, when he was Attorney-General, by a deputation of merchants here. He was not very farourabk then to any change, and we do not expect hf bas seen since any reason to change any of thosf views poculiar to tho legal mind on such quos tionB. Ho and his fellows view the question only from .n legal-or rathor lawyor-stand- point. If the chango would endanger some old legal saw, or interfere with a musty or worthless tradition, or diminish the fees, no change is pos- sible. The whole eystrm of judicial procedure hore wants knocking on the hoad. A real bene- factor to thc colony would be the man who wouH introduce the Code Napoleon or the American eyBtem. Both are simple, cheap, and effective. Oar system is complicated, dear, and a bungle. If Brisbane were the colony, the eril would not bo so great; but when justice has to bo dis- pensed from a centre a thousand miles away, to maintain all the forms and machinery that may be necessary at tho centre and enforce them on the Plains of Promise or on the banks of thc Norman, is a piece of stupidity and pigheaded- ness only possiblo under British institutions. Tho Premier's fitness for his present position will be soon tested by the treatment he gives this and kindred questions on which his pro- fessional leanings are supposed to induce blind- ness to considerations of tho mere public welfare. Among the wants of Northern Queensland, are local Insolvency Courts, and they can be given without additional cost, and to the great con- venience of residents in remote districts. What is to prcvont Judge Innes from deciding all cases of insolvency ? Thc county court judges in England and Ireland have this jurisdiction. If Mr. Lilley wants a precedent, there is one for him ; and we hope he will not be slow to fol- low it. WE hare been requested to draw attention to the list of unclaimed letters published in to-day's issue. The English mail leaves Sydney on 2nd January next. Foreign letters and money orders must be posted in timo for next Tuesday's boat, to ensure their being forwarded. ON Sunday evening, there was every indica- tion of a regular downpour at Rosewood ; there was heavy lightning and thunder, hut tho storm passed off with only a few drops of rain. Many diggers have Ul ely returnod to Holewood after having made a tour of the other diggings, be- lieving that tbs alluvial at Hosewood will prove profitable when rain falls. Water is now very scarco there. Most of the people on the ground are making rations^ some wagea, and others complain they can get nothing. A party are at work at a reef, and are sanguine of making it pay. There is no water between tho old Rosewood township and Nonpareil reef, about six milos from Morinish, scarcely a blade of grass to be seen anywhere, and even the leaves of tbe trees seem withering up. Thora ore three reefs close to each other, about six miles from Morinish, on the way to Rosewood. Pioneer (formerly known as Ken- nedy's), Nonpareil, and Bund of Hope-tbo brothers Jones are interested in the first and second. A crushing from the Pioneer yielded about 3 ounces to the ton last week. There are > other minerals besides gold in this neighbour- hood. There are twenty-one persons located at this spot. Donwood lim «'ink a well at these reefs, and found excellent water iu considerable quantities. Tho Alliance machine is still stand- ing for want of water ; the dam baa been sunk to a considerable depth and made very secure. A well has been sunk in the «entre of the dam to a depth of fire feet and water struck, but the supply ia only »ut Scient for domestic purposes i liad the whole dam been sunk to tho depth of the well, a more pleutiful supply would probably hare been obtained. The Morinish machine cannot work many days more unless rain falls. The in- habitants aro feeling the want of water very j much ; there is no placo in the township from which they can get a supply except the China- men's well, and people have to wait their turn, and sometimes after a few bucketsful have been j drawn, all have to wait until the well Alls again. I It was understood, at the time the Morinish Com- pany obtained the right to the water, that they i were to sink a well for the inhabitants. This is much needed, and would be considered j a great boon. There was an appearance of a hoary atorra on Monday afternoon, but it passed off without a shower. At Ridgelands, both the machines are stopped for want of water. The storm of Monday evening visited the Nine Mile Waterhole, large trees wore snappod in pieces, und are now lying in all directions, evidencing the fury of the tempest, but no rain fell beyond Deep Creek. | THE CATTLE TRADE.-Captain Link- later returned from New Caledonia on Tuesday, after a most successful trip. The outward voyage occupied ten days, owing to the prevalence of light breezes ; the return was accomplished in five days. All the cattle were landed in good condition, and gave great satisfac- tion, being pronounced the best cargo ever landed in New Caledonia. A bul- lock killed immediately after landing, weighed 7 cwt. Tho " Camilla " brings a package of plants from the director of the public gardens, consigned to Mons. A. Thozet, of Rockhampton. Captain Linklater intends to take back another mob of cattle and a few score sheep. The " Restless," Captain Curphey, was landing sheep and discharging coal at New Caledonia when the " Camilla " sailed.-G. Observer 3. THE MURDER OF SERGEANT HULL - Ax OTHER TRAGEDY.-Flannigan, the police constable who shot sergeant Hull at Hamilton, has been found guilty of murder by tho coroner's jury. The affair has given rise to another tragedy. It appears that the wife of constable Wigmore, hearing tho news, and duding that her husband was summoned to the scene of the murder, became consider- ably depressed in spirits, and fancied ber husband would bo murdered also. The poor woman was suddenly token in labour, and the shock to her nerves was so great that she died in her confine- ment, leaving her husband with a large j family of children. It appears that ! sergeant Hull, who was only recently married, had insured his life for £500, and has left his widow in possession of other property to a like amount. Our Hamilton contemporary mentions a curious circumstance in connection with the tragic event, viz., that sergeant Hull, although in good health, had so vivid a presentiment of death, that on the night before the murder he started up iu bed, and told bis wife that he believed he was about to die So strong was this con- viction upon him that ho burst into tears, Thc late sergeant Hull was a cousin of Mrs. Henry Moore, of Albury. -Victorian Paper. EURIMBULA., BUSTARD BAT.-Mr. D. Munro's settlement flt Bustard Bay ap- pears to be thriving. About eighteen families aro located-all the adult male members being employed by Mr. Munro in procuring timber, working the sawmill, and loading the vessels. Since operations were commenced, two years ago, an average of 280,000 feet per quarter has been shipped, principally to northern ports. Three Bina!) vessels are now employed, but as many as five have been on the line at times. The first shipment to Sydney was lout, the vessel haring been wrecked. No doubt another effort will be made to open a trade with tho southern markets. Tho Creek has a bar at the mouth, fordable at low water, but carrying fifteen feet at very high tides. The mill is situate three quarters of a mile up the Creek. The scrub is close at band, and plentiful enough in both pine and hardwood to warrant the mill being kept on its present site for five years. The timber is brought to the mill on a tramway a quarter of a mile in length. By last steamer Mr. Munro received a planing machine, which was shipped off to the mill from this port on Saturday. Captain Miller, of the " Annie," reports the settlers in good health. Good water is obtained by sinking, at a depth of ten feet. The culrance to the Creek is well sheltered from the east and south-west.-Glad- stone Observer, December 3. SUPREME COURT.-Tuesday, Decem- ber 1.-In Banca, before their Honore tbe Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Lut- wyche.-M'Gavin v. M'Master : This was a motioD for a rule nisi for a new trial. The case was tried in September j at Rockhampton, before his Honor the Chief Justico and a jury of four. The plaintiff, the lessee of the Red Rock Valley station. Peak Downs district, sued the defendant, the lesseo of Mount Ragle, an adjoining station, for tres- passes and illegal impoundago, alleged to hare been committed by him. The damages were laid at £8000. The defendant pleaded justification. The plaintiff rested bis case on a license to occupy the Bed Rock Valley station, which he stated included a portion of country which the defendant claimed as a part of the Mount Eagle run. The alleged trespasses and impoundago were | that the plaintiff, believing he had a right to the country, placed sheep upon it, and erected a yard and hut, bat bis sheep and the men in charge of them were expelled by the defendant. The plaintiff retaliated, and placed cattle on the country in dispute, and the defen- i daot seized and impounded them, and subsequently sold them. The evidence 1 showed that the plaintiff had boen on the disputed country before defendant, though bi tb had paid rent and anew-/ ment on it. Tue boundary of tbe plain- tiff's mu, aa described in tbe license, commenced at a point called tbe bead of Gregory's Creek. The plaintiff con- tended that the head of the creek was at a point about five miles west of the main Drummond Bange, aud at the con- fluence of two creeks. The defendant, on the other hand, stated that the head of tbe creek was at the foot of the range, and about five miles south-east of the point contended for by the plain- tiff. Though only licensed to occupy 100 square miles, it was proved that in I reality the plaintiff occupied a far larger extent of country. The jury re- turned a verdict for tbe defendant. The rule nisi for a new trial was asked for on the following grounds : -That the ver» I diet was against tbe weight of evidence ; that the verdict was against evidence, and contrary to the direction of the ^ judge, and perverse; for the erroneouS^r rejection of the evidence of T. H. Fitz- gerald, tendered on behalf of the plain- tiff ; that the judge misdirected the jury in telling thom that, in ascertaining the boundaries of the plaintiff's run, they were to find what was in fact the head of Gregory's Creek, without regarding the * private interpretation of the plaintiff respecting the point mentioned by him in his tender for the Crown lands, or taking into consideration what was the point intended by the plaintiff to be pointed out by his description ; and that the judge misdirected the jury in telling them that the possession of the Crown lands, though unauthorised, was suf- ficient title to justify the possessor in impounding cattle trespassing on his land. The Attorney-General, Mr. Blake, and Mr. Griffiths appeared for the plaintiff in support of the application, After argument, the Court granted the rule nm on two grounds:-1st. That the judge had misdirected the jury¿in telling them that the possession was sufficient title in the defendant as against a wrong doer ; and 2nd, that the verdict was against the evidence. At the same time his Honor the Chief Justice inti- mated that it must not be understood that he said the verdict was against evidence. The rule was made returnable on the first day of next term. 