[?] -? ,v':- $'??'.' ? RESURGAM. ' .? ? ? - ? Ssre '-j Snow, Owen' asthore, that oar suffriBg& we ?greiit; ' ': ' ? ' ' :' ?? '?? / . But'we must, for awhile, be resigned to our fate : Ancf pur tears and our prayers will induce them at : Llast ? '? ' ' ' ?-' .-..'' To make some amends for the wrongs of the past. Ay, : darling, your prayers oft brought calm to my 'mind, . . ' .? . . ' Per y6u always were pious, forgiving, and kind ; But' pray«rs and kind words are of but little avail la Bfcft'ning the rulers ef Qranu Vail. Ere around us, thro' hunger, our children lay dead, Did .they offer me labour, or offer them bread ? So, the agent came down with his master's command, To drive u«, for oae half year's rent, from the land ! Aad- said that the Sassenach would never have .grace . ♦lilt our country was rid of our mongrel race; ^ ?And that hulleta and hunger, he hoped, wouldn t -fail . V V To bring peace and contentment to toranu uau. But^now I am childless and houseless and old, And 'my arm* grow weak and my blood s running And'^ey say our taskmasters are forging new 'chains,' , , . To a'dd,; beloved land to' your numberless pains. Ah !l would this poor arm csuld wiB you your right, But/ 'tis vain, still my prayer shall be, moraing and ♦Thai? the ghosts of bur children, haggard and pale, Slay 'bring death to your enemies, Qranu Vail: Dbn'ilcurse, Owen darling, you kaow we are told How^Gtod punished Pharoh the tyrant of old, And the angel of justice awaits but the hotu' To hurl the heartless and proud from their power, And -the Father above us who watches us all, And,who says that without him a sparrpw can't fall, Will-one day inspire her sons, I,' 11 go bail, . To strike off the footers from Qranu Uatf, ...:...- —Irishman.. , :?' Shajcus. Horrible Assassination. — On Thursday morning the citizens of Dublin were horrified on learning that in the course of the proceeding night two policemen, while engaged in their ordinary duty of patrolling the streets and protecting the property of the citizens, were fired at and mortally wounded by some unknown individual. Ali thatean be ascertained; concern ing the occurrence is told in a few sentences. One of the policemen noticed a person at a little distance who carried a bundle on or under his arm, -rand'who appeared to hesitate as to the course he had better take ; presently this person approached the policeman, who, suspecting a theft, challenged him to stay his steps and give an account of himself. The answer was a shot , from'a revolver, which struck the policeman in the breast, and laid him bleeding in the street. Hurrying off after the commission of this dreadful deed, the murderer met with another -policeman, r who, having heard the noise of the 8b.pt, was hastening towards the place. Another discharge from the revolver laid him also in the dust, after -which the criminal pursued his way; with out, as it appears, having attracted any further notice. ? A reward of one thousand -pounds has been offered by the Government for his appre hension, but lb is supposed that the chances of his detection are very slight. No hope whatever is entertained of the recovery of the wounded men, ; and the probability is that they will have expired before these lines meet the eyes of the /: reader. This melancholly event is universally deplored throughout the city. As might be * expected, the crime has been laid to the charge, of the. Fenians, but there is really no evidence to show that it had any relation to political affairs. - The murders were manifestly committed 1 jh order to enable the criminal to pass on with ? Jus bundle without, examination, and on the nature of the contents of that bundle the whole question of the political or non-political charac ter of c the offence depends. However this may be, the double assassination was a crime 'of frightful magnitude, and one which has occa woned a feeling of deep and sincere regret among \- all classes in this city. !.r Maximilian's Cruelties in Mexico. —The '?j Jouhial du Havre Bays that the numb?r of Mexi [ cans shot in cold blood pursuant to Maximilian's jj decree rof the 5th October, 1865, is according to b the Mexican papers, 9*244 ; but still, enormous ft as the figure must aeem, it is believed to be [I below/ the truth. : The Paris papers are sow n giving,. much attention to the contitlential cir i; cular of Marshal Biizaine {published by the | Liberty as. a novelty, but which 1 am pretty sure ; I have read before), dated October 11, 1866, and , desiring all French officers, in pursuance of Maxi l milliau a decree (which it is known the Marshal || prompted) to give no quarter, and. to refuse all if exchanges of prisoners. The French Marshal [:, said savagely he would not hear of any prisoners i being ?.U}ade.;s-Every man found with arms in |\; bis baud w$Sb to be put to death. French I' officers were to understand that it waa a war of il civilisation -against barbarism, and that all they I had to d« was te kill or be killed. There has r: long been a growing, feeling in France against lti Marshal Bazaine's conduct and this despatch of I' bia, wh;ich,i8 certainly authentic will increase it. I The- world's master- spirits can make the silence I of the\r closets more beneficial to mankind than I all the noise and bustle oi courts, senates, and I;'. oampd. ? ?;?:?' ???? . ? ' ' |5 'How much money have you!' said a rich m ' rid curmudgeon to a gay young fellow courting m bis daughter. ' Oh, I haven't much of anything W-. mow, but I have a very rich prospect indeed.' HI; The wedding occurred, and the old chap learned ft} from his fine Bon-in-law that the nch. prospect » ? 'Was the prpBpect of marrying bis' daughter. . mi A g'entlemau had occasion to advertise for a oook, II and, among ether applications, was one from M-. a 'young lady' ef the profession, enclosing 'her S Gfirtcdcvkite. 