EIOTING IN ENGLAND. [From the Saturday Review.] The revival, in these educated times, of what are called Bread Riots seems to be somewhat analogous to the re-appearance of the megatherium in the j animal world. We had thought that we had out grown this transitional stage in the history of society. rhis sort of thing, like the old names of the Jac querie and Wat Tyler, and Brethren of the Free Spirit and Fifth Monarchy Men and Luddites, or any of the other inarticulate shrieks of suffering and ignorant humanity, was supposed to be extinct. The notion of destroying food because food was dear was supposed to have been dispelled like a fog by the rising of the sun of intelligence and education in his strength. That the fact is not so shows that, after all, thirty years of an education grant, now reaching to something like a million a year, must have been, a good deal of it at least, thrown away. Ihere is something rather mysterious in this outbreak of what j perhaps is only, in its superficial aspect, -a mere result of brainless folly and ignorance. All of a sudden, nobody knows why, we heard a few days ago of bread riots at Exeter and Teignmouth — or rather at Teign moath and Exeter, for Teignmouth has had the I honour of what newspapers eall ' inaugurating the movement.' Teignmouth is, as a few people know, a pretty and dull watering-place in Devonshire ; and Exeter is the capiial of the south-west ot England. Exeter has always been somewhat of a rowdy place, | I of the landing of William the Deliverer in Torbay — has periodically exhibited a peculiar form of noisy Protestantism. The sacred anniversary of Guy Fawkes has always been celebrated by very Baal itish rites in that venerable city; and the jealousies which subsist between the Ecclesiastical Corporation and the Municipal Corporation have, as a matter of course, taken an inflammatory shape. Why this should be so more at Exeter than at York or Nor wich, no human being can say. If any topographical or ethnological savant could explain why Guildfiwd 1 should for so many years have gone mad once in twelve months and tried to «Mnmif ars*-n on itseif, he would perhaps be able to account for the religious and incendiary tendencies of the Ex: ^er mob. Perhaps it is a relic of the Beltan, and die old Parsee fire-worship, imported by the tiu-t.«ders to the CassUerides. This, or any other such nonsense, can alone be hazarded as a ratibnafe of the cut/as of the 5th of November, as from time immemorial cele brated at Exeter. Of late, perhaps in anticipatl -t, of the more earnest regime promised by Mr. Gladstone, these nTiniini 8aturnalia have got unpopular among the more respectable classes of society. But just a« the old superstitions nngered«Hiong the country Ibik some dozen and more centuries ago, the same causev which led to the term Paganism survive now. A resolute tenacity for the ancient and effete gods of stupidity and bigotry characterizes the whole cloudy West and Beeotia of England from which the Wise Men do sot come; and the more the authorities desire to put down Fifths of November and 'Ninths of November, the more the mob. howls for its here ditary Gnys and its venerable Gogs and Magogs. A row at Exeter on the Sth bf November might be looked for, but why a bread riot? why a beef and mutton riot? To insult the Bishop, or to burn La effigy an obnoxious residentiary, would be a thing that might be accounted for; but what is the con nexion between the Popish Conspiracy and the price of bread and flour? Precisely because it happens that food is cheaper down in Devonshire than any where else, there is a riot against its comparatively low price; and because the Buffering, whatever it is, which attends a bad harvest is less severe in Exeter and Teignmouth, Barnstaple and Crediton, than in the manufacturing districts, what are called -predial disturbances break out in the most unlikely places. Oxford, for example, can never be said to be a suffer ing or starving place. There is a huge corporatiou, with a large daily expenditure, on the spot. Public buildings, private outlay, and all the buildings whieti necessarily follow the residence of a wealthy and money-spending class— this is the character of tbe trade of Oxford, and the prosperity of the University and city must needs filter down to the loweM stratum of its population. Why, then, should Oxford tale its niaee in the ran of disafifaction and of -what approaches to sedition ? For much the same reason; we suppose, that Exeter does; and that is for bo reason at all, and directly in the teeth of all reason or excuse or apology. If this were all that could be said about the so called Food Eiota, it would be perhaps enough, as far as such an account of the matter would go, to say that they have no significance, stnd no meaning whatever! The whole thing is just as' explicable as the inarticulate ^Tipiml fnggming and petulance of &u; infant. There is perhaps something wrong, some, little ache or pain which the. poor helpless little creature cannot explain, and so it screams and tosses and shrieks. An infant in pain does all sorts o£ irrational things — bites at its food - or medicine Or nurse, and howls freely. So do bread- rioters. ? There is just as much meaning in the poor wretches who. think that dear bread results from a conspiracy of bakers and millers to keep them ont of their rights as in a petulant child yelling for the moon. It is with as little hope of bringing either the one or the other to reason that all yon can do is to say - to naughty children and rioters in Devonshire towns and cities, ' Yon must be whipped aud sent to bed.' What is the good of preaching about supply and demand, and the laws of trade, and the harvests of France, and of insisting on the feet that we have competitors for wheat in every market of 'Europe, v and that, if bakers could bnv and millers could sell cheap flour, no combination in Mark Lane, or in any Corn Exchange in Europe, could make corn dearer or cheaper ? If we were obliged to trace the origin of the Food Riots to any ascertemaWe or semi-human source, we should only have to adopt the w3d suppo sition that the worthy persons who have harried the fiour- muls at Barnstaple are 'obedient disciples.of the Times and its prophets, Who asked ns to believe thit we have bad a good harvest, and that 'there is some thing mysterious in the present price df corn.' Unless the autumnal articles in the 2ira«are at the bottom of it, we cannot think of any pretence or show of reason to account for what has happened down West during the last few days. But to snppose that the Times on the Corn Market eyeT-serxously influenced the belief of any human bemglsawHder effort of credupty than to believe that there can he any real conviction, on the part of tbe rioters, that they **-»' make bread cheaper by sacking the bakers' shops. Perhaps, therefore, it may turn out that the particular form in which rioting- has been recently displayed is only an accident. The nltimate cause, we are inclined to suspect, lies deeper. *£ks& riotSTJf the day are in one place connected jriih the prohibi. tion of fireworks in a Cathedral dose; ur anotfir, with some building works in an Oxford College; here with a 'Ritualistic' Church in the North of London; there with a fervid Protestant lecturer; at Manchester, -with certain criminal trials; at Liver pool, with nobody knows what. If we can assrgri any common cause for these sporadic outbreaks of disorder at different points of the body corporate, ire may possibly have got at the true cause. When an. invalid finds au odd ache in one muscle, va. inpyj^U. cable derangement in one function, and an unheattfiy or suppressed secretion in another, the wise physlfikn looks to the general health rather than to the special and local symptoms. On a general survey of the body corporate here in England, we have, during the last twelvemonths, learned to feel the influence of a power called 'the Boughs.' The phrase, being new, seems to indicate a new growth. The roughs are not a strange and novel element in society ; but tbe power of the roughs is a new thing, and the recognition of this power ifl-a now thing, at least in law- reverencing England. .Of course, what is called the social compact, has always been, and must always be, maintained m -some sort at the mercv of its disaffected members. - We live from day to day on a kind of sufferance, and brute force and lawlessness and violence can always, within certain limits, assert their claims to mastery. But it is only of late that this ugly fact has been brought home to us. The conditions of the social problem have not been changed as to their theory. We have always held, and of course still hold, 'our silver -spoons, or for the matter of that, our lives — we, that is, decent householders and taxpayers — because the ' resi duum' has not hitherto seen its way to take either tbe one or the other. But, as a mere fact, there are at this moment a good many people who' at last do see their way in this direction^and see it rather too plainly. They see what they have never seen before in England, the triumph of mob violence, as in the great Hyde Park railings incident. The incendiaries of the League are constantly appealing to this remarkable event, and they are quite right to do so. When the official representative of authority, -not without tears, retired from the rnifiqiMl contest with brute force, an impressive and undeniable truth was announced. It might, or it might not, have been a political duty to accept the challenge and to fight it out on the spot ; but, in point of fact, the challengs was not accepted, and the roughs from that day became a recognised social institution. Their ways and arguments and mode of looking at things -are not our ways. But this is of no consequence. Authority accepted them. Mr. Secretary Walpefle treated with Beales and his allies, as high contracting -powers in the State and Commonwealth of England. Between us and the Toughs all that is left is, tor the present, an occasional difference as to the precise time of the partianlar mode of being dictated to and brought upon our knees; but we have recognised our masters. And just as soon as our masters were recognised, they began in divers ways and manners to vindicate their mastery over the situation. A large and open outbreak of violence is not their policy just now. To create alarm, to foster suspicion, to keep society disquieted, to make here and there pnny attacks, and to distract general attention— this is a surer strategy. Above all things, these detached and unaccountable rumours and «lmin« serve to mask a party's real strength or weakness. The terror which is invisible and secret is most alarming, and acquires a fictitious strength because it mores in the dark. Tn the mere existence of general snspicion resides the real force of disorder and sedition. What is wanted is to take the heart out of the middle classes who are - most easily alarmed; and the policy which .is astute enough to do this by Fenian alarms, true or false, stimulated or plotted, by bread riots, by murdering tbe police in detail, by getting the Guards hastily despatched here snd there, by compelling tbe rapid movement of troops, now to one suspected spot, now to another, is at any rate consistent. It looks like a whole; and it is on these grounds that we connect Oxford riots and Barnstaple riots with a deep, if occult, cause. Those on the scene of these riots trace the local incendiarism to foreigners and strangers. The rural police suspect, or think that they Buspect, the influence of alien agents. There is, we all know. a 'good deal of filibustering loose on the world. Yankee rowdyism takes the form of Fenianism ; mere vagabonds nnattached are arraigned in our courts as Colonels and Generals. All this gives a fictitious importance to ordinary and shabby disaffection. Very likely, if we could get at the bugaboo of the hour, we should only find the old scooped turnip ; but just now we have got the blue lights aBd flaming eyes and the white sheet aud tbe stalking, gibbering ghost in'fulL And we are all frightened accordingly. And unless we take to our cudgels and bear ourselves like men, we richly deserve, not only to lie frightened, but to get something worse than a fright. 