VALEDICTORY SERMONS BY BISHOP SELWYN. The Right Rev. Lord Bishop of Lichfield and Coventry, and Bishop of New Zealand, Dr. George Augustus Selwyn, marked yester- day-the only Sunday he has over seen in Victoria-by preaching thrice, each time in churches full to overflowing. It is very far from our custom to reproduce pulpit eloquence in these columns, but in the deliver- ances of such a man as Bishop Selwyn those must frequently be passages bearing upon matters other than those of directly spiritual interest. His career has been such that the mere expressions of his opinion upon certain points are fraught with political and social interest. There was upon the whole little of this in his yesterday's sermons, of which, nevertheless, we supply a sketch. But from the pulpit they came to his hearers with extreme power. his semi-historic connexion with missionary enterprise at the antipodes,' his intellectual fame, and his late elevation to the see of Lichfield and Coventry, gave a special interest to his utterances which was fully sustained by an eloquence essentially vigorous and manly, and breath- ing with earnestness and zeal in every sentence. It was typical of the man that his discourses of yesterday contained no argument, no explanation, no criticism ; they were exhortations, rich in allusion and lan nuage, fired with emphasis, and delivered with the warmth of one who felt that he was pleading in the noblest cause. It will be long before Bishop Selwyn's sermons in Melbourne will be forgotten by those who heard them. His first sermon-and by far the best-was preached in the morning, at St. James's Cathedral. The service was read by the Rev. M. H. Becher, assisted by his lordship, who read the communion service, and the Rev. Dr. Bromby. The bishop took for his text, Being confident of this very thing, that Ho 1 which hath begun a good work in you will perform it until the day of Jesus Christ ;" Phil, i., 6. Perhaps at no time of the church, he said, more than now,, had there grown up a spirit of murmuring against God, much of which he attributed, to the age of inventions in which we now, lived. It was no wonder that moderns seeing what they had done, boasted of their power, though they were apt to forget how much that which had gone before had led to the developments of which we were so proud. Men boasted of this great city of Melbourne, but they were apt to forget that the gold which had done so much had lain hidden by the good providence of God in the bowels of the earth before men were made. Men were also too willing to forget that the ago in which they lived had little to boast of in comparison with the century distinguished by the marvellous discoveries of printing, the mariner's compass, the telescope, the microscope and the great continent of America. It was better not to boast at all, seeing how it was the providence of God, and Him alone, that thus connected cause and effect. Some there were who wondered why God had not endowed his human creatures at once with all the knowledge they needed, but He knew His purpose best.' Besides! if men had such knowledge, what had they left to do but sit like schoolboys, spelling out the work of universal science, with no new discoveries to stimulate their faculties or reward their industry. One central universal truth, like the treasure hidden in the field, was laid up in the counsels of God to be revealed in due time, and our business was, like the man in the parable, to sell all we had and not cease our labour till we had got the pearl of great price. The sight of anything seemingly im- perfect in the works of God taught us to look forward to the time when those imperfections would be removed. We had a thorough confidence in development-in the oak, which would come from the ocean, in the man who would grow from the infant, in the rich goldfield, rushed by thousands, discovered by the presence of a single grain-and we should carry that feeling into spiritual matters. St. Paul knew this, and it fared his zeal and gave him confidence in the end, though the thorn in his flesh troubled him sorely. Often the earnest prayers of parents for the early piety of their children seemed refused, and yet the far end might tell a very different story. Did not the important events occurring in the world around require a similar confidence that the good work begun would be performed ? Were there not crises in our lives when it seemed impossible to help yielding to tempta- tion and sin ; when we made our sin light to ourselves by using flattering excuses for its concealment; when no help seemed near, and yet, in the moment of extremest danger, something stepped between us and harm, and led us to escape? In each man's history there were many such experiences, leading him to the confidence expressed in the text. It was this feeling of sympathy-knowingwhat these influences were, and what he was himself that so closely connected the pastor with his flock. Enlarging upon this topic, the bishop proceeded The pastor has his pain, you have yours, and I, indeed, have mine. I am leaving my own island of New Zealand after twenty-six years spent there in ministering to its native church, once so nourishing, but now withered under the scorching blast of war. You may say that it would not have so withered had there been more depth of of soil. God can only judge of that. But of this I am sure, that the work of God in New Zealand has not been in vain ยก that His Holy Spirit has raised up many faithful men among our native Christians, who will be found at the last day in the great multitude that no man can number standing before the throne of God and of the Lamb. That labour has not been in vain in the Lord when seventeen native christians have been added to the number of those ordained to serve God in the sacred ministry of the church." The bishop continued to urge that we must have confidence in the end, although we knew not what that end would be, or among the varied destinies of nations what the destiny of those in which we were interested would be. The sight of God's un- finished works ought to lead us to think of our own imperfections, and remind us of the duty of earnestness in prayer. In a new colony especially we ought to feel this. When we came to the new country we did not expect to find houses, roads, bridges, and the conveniences of life, but we set our hands to work, knowing that such an end would eventually reward our labours, And with a final appeal to apply that lesson spiritually the sermon ended. In the afternoon his' lordship preached on behalf of Melanesian missions at Christ Church, South Yarra. There was a crowded congregation, including His Excellency the Governor and a large number of the leading clergymen of Melbourne. The services were performed by the Dean of Melbourne and the Rev. W. N. Guinness, and the text was from Rev. vii. 9, "After this I beheld, and to a great multitude, which no man can number of all nations, and kindreds, and people, and tongues, stood before the throne, and before the Lamb, clothed with white robes, and palms, in their hands." Upon this the bishop discoursed, dwelling on the universality of that great multitude of the sons of God, and declaring that John's vision of the communion of saints was the fulfil- ment of the prophecies of Enoch, Abraham, and St. Paul The glory of the saints, he said, detracted no move from the glory of Christ than did the pomp of the Queen of Sheba detract from the glory of Solomon. Christ was, in fact, glorified in His saints, and this communion of saints reminded us that we were servants of the Lord, and that the Holy Ghost must be sought for i by earnest and diligent prayer. His lordship then dilated with great eloquence upon the questions which this doctrine of the communion of the saints caused each man to ask himself touching his unworthiness, how he had crucified Christ in the flesh, how little he had shared Christ's tribulation and taught him to humble himself. Most of all it led him to ask himself what he had done to extend the Kingdom of the Lord, and whether his efforts had gone beyond his own family, or his parish whether he had given prayers but no alms-or whether he! gave to the starving inhabitants of a manufacturing district in England or of Ireland,! while denying anything for the conversion of the heathen, were we doing the work of the Lord when we dedicated no regular portion of our substance to the furthering the Lord's kingdom among those least members of the great human family dispersed through the world, but always the especial objects of a Saviour's love? The bishop continued H " Now, in the Melanesian mission, we have a living type of this great multitude of nations, and people, and kindreds, and tongues. There are more than 100 islands already visited "by our missionary bishop (Bishop Patteson), and there are probably at least a hundred more which we have not visited. Almost every one of these islands has its own distinct dialect, requiring separate and distinct study. Here they are, almost within our reach, at no great distance from us, and this is our own proper missionary field which God seems directly and. specially to have given to our charge. There is our own missionary bishop coming amongst you from time to time to stimulate you to further efforts in this part of Christ 's work ; but I hereby charge you not to make your contributions dependent upon his coming, because to cause him to come here is taking him from his work ; but in obedience to the com mand which is written inery book in the Bible, from the promises to Abraham to the end, to take up the duty which lies ready for you." exhorting his hearers to missionary prayer, to avoid reliance in their superiority over these poor islanders, and to remember their obligation to give others the advantages they so fortunately possessed, he proceeded to point out that there could be no better method of evangelising the world than for each branch of the church to take its one special niiisioney field, and consider that as its own. This missionary enterprise in Melanesia was our work already undertaken by our own missionary bishop with large success. That bishop had a peculiar fitness for his work, a singular power no doubt given him by God of acquiring languages, and a fervent zeal in preaching the Gospel of Christ. We should assist him as he ought to be assisted, taking the work as ours, every day giving our prayers in its behalf, and offering to God the savings which we dedicate to this special missionary effort. His lordship concluded with a pro- phetic view of the realisation of St. John's vision. In the evening Bishop Selwyn preached at St. Mary's Hotham, the occasion being the celebration of the opening of the large additions recently made to the church. The service was performed by the Rev. R. Potter the Rev. W. N. Guinness, and the Rev. H. Bromby (son of the Bishop of Tasmania)! His lordship took his text from. Eph. in. 10, 19 :-'' That He would grant you, according to the riches of His glory, to be strengthened with might by His spirit in the inner man that Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith that ye, being rooted and grounded in love, may be able to comprehend with all saints what is the breadth, and length, and depth and height, and to know the love of Christ which passeth knowledge, that ye might be filled with all the fulness of God's These words, he said, specially applied to the circumstances under which he addressed his hearers, because they taught us in view of the enlargement of the church, the necessity of enlargement of the heart. This enlargement of heart proceeded home the love of Christ constraining us, and; showing that it was not good for man to be alone, led us to meet in God's house of prayer in congregational worship. Comparing the strength which arose out of the meditation,! prayer, and self communing of the hermit's life with the strength which arose out of communion, he indicated how much greater was the latter, which he traced to the indwelling of Christ. He then described the work of faith in the human heart, and exhorted his hearers to strike to use every; means which faith supplied to run with patience the race set before them, looking to Jesus as the author and finisher of their faith, that their hearts might be filled with the fulness of the Godhead into which they were baptised Upon this theme he enlarged to the end of his discourse, which he concluded by urging his hearers to greater earnestness in prayer and praise, to more devotedness, and regularity in their attendance at the Lord's table, that they might be one with Christ and Christ one with them. At the close of each service there was a collection in aid of various objects. . 