SrCRWrtJs' t3oLb-b«BT.— W« notice, in tbo Brisbant 'Courier ot tbo 11th instant, tbfct a short time a^o two small parcels of golfl, containing tSigelhor ebuut 100 ounces, wero forwarded bylta Jofnt Stock Bank to the Sydney Mint. The gold uud W puroWed in small 1o!b from a numbct of Chinamen at Warwfck und T-niwooinb.i. Tho following reports son, Ibo parcel* have been received by Mr. Al- jott, Malinger of tho Bank, from tho Mini :— ' October 28.— I beg lo inform yeu that importation No. 03,108 appeared to conbitt of ordinary bright, flit, wnter-vorn gold, willi ave vfum eihtt'tint1. nf rihtHR : liul. af.'nr molttncr. t the asmy proved to be only four hundred parts '? cnt of n, thousand of pure gold, the remainder Cuing [ principally wlver. This result was so remarkably inferior i to tbnt of nny gold received from the same locality, that ft ! wan thouglt right to preserve tUc ingot.' 'November 4. — I beg to inform you that importation No. 50,813, Queens laud gold, received from your bank, appears to be a mixture ' of artificial gold-dust. Half enly was melted, by way of experiment, and the result confirms this conclusion.' It I ban long been known that the Cinnamon in Victoria arc re markably ingenious fa manufacturing artificial gold-dust, to mueh so, in fact, that the hanks in that colony refuse to purchnrc from any Chinamen who are not personally known lo them. Soi'M.A. -The Church of England school was regularly inspected on the 30th ultimo, by the district inspector, the members of the local Board being present. The pupils acquitted themselves remarkably well, to the credit of their teachers and satisfaction of the local Board. Too much praise cannot be bestowed upon the inspector, Mr, 1. M' Crcdic, for the kind and painstaking system he exhibited of thoroughly testing the abilities of the pupils, and at tho catnetime inspiring confidence in those little ones who are very often too cosily repulsed. The day was excessively hot, the school thermometer registering 04. The number ef pupils present woe 64. The Latest adovt Covkt von Attems.— A friend who had an interview with a passenger from Cape York, lias communicated fbe following to the Gladstone Observer: — The Hamlet's lihoet, with tiie spurious Count on board, put into Somerset (Cape York), on or about the 15th of August. On being boarded by the police boat, he made inquiries as to whether a frigate hod arrived there, and on being answered in the affirmative became agitated and eagerly inquired about her movements, but appeared relieved when told that the vessel was H. M. S. Virago, and that the had left the settlement in January. He re mained tight days, and daring the whole time kept a bright look out for vessels in the offing. The captain and crew were discharged in consequence of a row between the ' Count ' and the captain, in which revolvers were drawn. The crew refused to put the captain in irons. It appears that the Count had kept them in awe by threatening to give them twenty-five lashes a-piecc when he fell in with the Austrian frigate he was always expecting. The Acting Police Magistrate induced the crew to re-ship under a fresh agreement, nil but the captain and steward, who remained behind. While in port the Count was always dressed in the uniform of an Austrian captain of cavalry, and wore a eword when on shore. He made a great display of the money he had with him, and purposely left bills of exchange lying about his cabin lor \ititors to sec, many of which were filled in for largo . amounts, and only wanted bis signa ture, lie succeeded in imposing upon the autho rity, taking supplies for bis vessel and paying for them in bills, which the holders will doubtless discover are about as valuable as drafts upon Aldgate pump. Among those who were swindled are two naturalists, one named Thorpe. The Count bought stuffed birds, &c.;, from them, to the amount of about £30, but some slight compunction mutt have touched him, for, contrary to custom, he paid them half cash and half by a bill. He sailed for Batavia on the eighth day,1eaying letters for the captain of the Austrian frigate and his bankers in Sydney! The frigate was ordered to follow him on to Timor. The captain he has with him is one Austin, late mauler of the brig Reliance, which was wrecked on the Solomon Group. He was picked , up and broupht into Bowen, whence he shipped as mate on board the Hamlet's Ghost Two days after she left Somerset, the schooner Captain Cook arrived from Bowen, with a warrant for the arrest of the Count. ? 