SIGHT SCENES IN MELBOURNE-. So. II. A PAWVBIiOKEK'S SHOP ON SATURDAY NIGHT. (Argus', Gilt inst.) NVxt io a cometory in a " quiet neighborhood" a pawnbroker's shop is the most melancholy place possible. The chest of drawers, the silver spoons arranged starwise in the windows, the china punch-howl, even the ragged and dog eared volumes that are bundled contemptuously into a corner, all speak of better days, and tell tales of poverty and wretchedness. An atmosphere of misery seems to pervade the place. The old coats that swing by tlie napes from their supporting pegs suggest ideas of suicide, and the old boots that turn up their toes defiantly at the world have a despairing and reckless expression. The pictures are begrimed and dusty, the clocks and watches are all silent and useless ; even the set of flat-irons which lie rusting in idleness tell a tale of improvidence and want. The place is the apotheosis of incongruity. Gold moidores, once the property of swarthy sailors, now repose intermingled with the Brummagem jewellery of some unlucky " mobsman." Yon little gold watch, that once ticked at the waist of beauty, now hangs cheek by jowl with the plethoric, turnip-faced timeniana piece of nf (t " Pft'lr'cln Fo'k'sle Harry." T-I .irrr 11 A child'? s>liilit'a coral f>nrt]l lies line on the top of a revolver case; and a family Bible, once the cherished property of some country home in far off England, now peeps forth from beneath a Book of Beauty, stolen by an absconding footman. All the odds and ends, the waifs and strays of civilisation, find their way here. Officers' epaulettes, cavalry sabres special constables' starves, cabin compasses, prizp rowing cups, silver- mounted whipB, sword-canes, and ships' quadrants,—all are as fish to the voracious net of this fisher in troubled waters. A pawnbroker is often the mainstay of a poor neighbourhood. It keeps the miserable fas-ends of lab mr together. I' is the poor man's bank. The most thriving pawn-shops are found in the most poverty-stricken streets. The profits o! the establishment arise not so much from the value of the articles pledged as from their number, consequently it is in the poor, over-crowded streets that these places flourish most Tbe large, pretentious houses, whose plate-glass windows gle im gorgeous with jewellery and gems beneath the flashing lamps, lend principally large sums upon plate and diamonds ; but to see the business in its details we must descend lower down the social ladder. In thoBe streets were cabbagestalks rot in the gatters, where the publichouse doors are always on the swing, where potatoes and coals are the chief articles of traffic, where " easy shaving" can be had for a penny, and shirtsleeved men. with countenances like amiable bull-dogs, lean againBt posts all day, puffing at short pipes, where children are plentiful, and soap and water scarce, in streets where the passing policeman is eyed askance, and where ladies who testify " how much they have loved their lords" stand with folded arms at their doorways conversationally vituperative, where dirt is the rule and cleanliness the exception,—there the " three balls" hang golden and triumphant. It ib to one of these shops that we must go if we wish to learn the details of the trade. Li-t ns go, then, to 's, at the corner of and streets. It is nine o'clock on Saturday night, and the work is fast and furious The shop is a spacious one, running nearly.half way up the street, and is divided into compartments of various classes of goods; one portion of the shop being devoted to the making of garments, not the lending on them. Saturday night is the great night for redeeming; and though most of the articles taken out are put in again before the middle of the week, it is considered " the thing " to be able to wear a Sunday coat on Sundays. We enter through a side-door and encasing ourselves behind the screen which hides the 'safe' from public gaze, we take a glance round the shop at its occupants. There are but two doors through which the customers enter —one conducting to the counter, the other to a number of little boxes, constructed for the convenience of bashful borrowers. Long ranges of shelves line the walls and run far back into the recess of tlie shop. These shelves are loaded with goods—shirts, boots, clothes, linen and books—all arranged according to their value and class. The articles in the shop, however, are for sale—all pledges being deposited in the rooms above, whither we will go presently. Up to the centre of the open space, and close to tbe counter, runs the " spout." 's was the first shop in Melbourne where this classical machine was introduced. The '•spout" is simply a long wooden pipe, down which the bundles of pledges are thrown by the assistants. A bag, with a string attached, hangs down it, and when an article is required the ticket is placed in the bag, which is drawn up by the clerk above, who then flings the pledge down the epout to the expectant customer. One great portion of the business done on Saturday iB " parting," which consists in redeeming a portion only of the whole pledge. For example :—A working man has pawned his Sunday clothes. Not having enough money to pay back the fiill value of the loan, he enters into an arrangement with the pawnbroker by which he is enabled to take out.his coat for a certain sum, and leave the other garments. This method of proceeding is greatly favoured by improvident and needy persons Indeed, in some families articles are kept expressly to pawn, and are never used save for that purpose. In the same way that a rake will often insure his life *' so that he can borrow money on the policy," so will a working man purchase an expensive coat or watch, in order to '* pop it" when needful. The crowd seemed to favor the counter door. They are nearly all regular customers, and have no shame at being discovered in a pawnshop. It is only at first that a pang of remorse is felt at entering the doors. Two clerks are employed entering the names of the pledgers and the value of the articlea pledged in huge folics, and the little household wares are tossed about with a business-like contempt that has something repulsive in it to the eye of a stranger. To the pawnbroker it is simply a matter of business, and he tosses the bundles about, calls out to his clerks above, opens out coats, inspects under garments, and ticks off the number of watches with the same calm indifference. The bag flies up and down Fresh tickets come pouring in. The assistants in tbe upper rooms are running hither and thither with desperate rapidity, and bundle follows bundle down the wooden spout in apparently endless succession. Here is a woman wanting a flannel petticoat; here a man who calls loudly for -'Them boots Mister." There stands a miserable creature with a flimsy piece of • looped and windowed raggedness" which she terms a '•skirt,*' and upon which file is desirous of obtaining the sum of eighteen- pence; and going out at the door is the decent'y dressed wife of a working man, bearing a bundle of her husband's shirts, pledged during the week for three shillings and six-pence. The pawnbroker—called *' uncle," " old son," old man,'" "old bloke, 1 ' and ' Uncle Toby,' 1 by his custom ers—is holding np a much frayed and '.altered silk mantle, which its owner—a bold-faced young woman—declares, with many oaths, to be worth ten bob, and no flies !" In the corner slouches a grimy, woe-begone, and drunken ruffian, who, in a voice husky with gin. demands "a-half-bull on this 'ere ring, mate!" The ring is one of those mur derouB muggefy ones which are in favour with the class to which our friend evidentlr belongs, because of their usefulness as "knuckle dusters" in a scrimmage—the projecting orna mentation being excellent for opening avein, or penetrating an eye ball. "Uncle Toby" views the article with a knowing eye, and after some scrutiny advances the money. The ring is perhaps stolen, and our friend has been already "spotted" by Pox. who, from his station behind the screen, is on the look-out for his " iambs," as he terms them- Some pawnbrokers do a little quiet "fencing," or purchasing stolen goods—that is to say, they u'i so when there is but little risk of ultimati dete.tion. Articles of clothing, linen, &c.; which a'c d-.fiicult of identification, arc purchased or taken in pledge without much attention beiug paid as to where they camc from; but with watches, rings, and brace lets the case is different, and most pawnbrokers will give information to the police if tliey imagine any of their pledges to be stolen property. Indeed, an experienced thief always has his private ''fence," and it is only greenhorns and young hands at the game who would think of taking a good " swag" to a "pop-shop." Some owners of pawn-offices, however, make their legitimate business a cover for the more profitable and hazardous pursuit; and not long since a pawnbroker in L street was sentenced to three years'imorisonment-for..this offence. He was of established and apparently respectable reputation, but had been for years carrying on business as a " fence" for plate and jewellery. Upon the detectives searching the house, an enormous store of stolen goods was discovered in a recess, contrived between the walls, and more than £3.001) worth of property brought to light. _ The " parting" and redeeming are being carried on with vigour. Alt manner of incongruous articles appear on the counter—fireirons, boots, shoes, petticoats, watches, and books. _ Many are paying money, but more are borrowing it. Saturday night is the night for payment of salaries; but jt is also the day before Sunday, and a Sunday's dinner is con sidtred to be de i-igeur among the respectable poor ; consequently those unfortunates who are paid fortnightly are reduced to the necessity of pawning some ornamental piece of property, to procure the required luxury. Among the poorer class, portions of clothing seem to be the favorite securities, and after a few days warm weather, great-coats, cloaks, ' china ornament-, and expensivelv-bound books - not to speak of the ahvays- ready watch, scarf-pin or ring- are among the usual pledges offered at the Saturday night's counter. The business done is a;l of the same nature, and after half an-hour or so we i a»-e seen all we want, the only ^amusement, aPer the first burst of curiosity, being to epeculat; on the varied and strange faces of the customers. Almost every lower type of face appears over the greasy counter. The neat, pooi ly-dressed woman, who, with her baby at her breast, waits patiently until her turn comes ; the drunken, loud-voiced woman of the town; the beetlebrowed and villanou8 " magsman ;" the honest, biuff and sturdy working man; the withered and skinny beldame, whose arms are like the roots of some gnarled and rugged beech tree, and whose face is a very study of wrinkles ; the bashful <skop boy, who, yet new to debauchery and its concomitant evils, stands with hat slouched over his brows and comforter drawn up to his eyes, while he pledges his silver wateh to buy a night on the loose ;" the reckleBBlydefiant and rakishly -dressed new arrival of the Montague Tigg stamp, who is too idle to work, and as yet too proud to beg or steal, and who attempts to swagger with the shopman as he offers a Brummagem scarf-pin to pay for his next day's lodging—all come and go in rapid succession. Business, however, is getting a little slacker, and we accept 's offer to visit the rooms above. Such a collection of articles ! Four large apartmentB are boiling over with pledges. The shelves bristle with tickets. Here huge boxes are overflowing with shirts; here enormous packing-cases are piled high with boots. Crinolines hang dangling from the the rafters, meerschaum pipes are stacked against the wall, concertinas, violins, and coroets-a-piston speak the distress of the mue'cal profession; and some twenty rapiers, broadswords, and daggers testify to the smallness of theatrical salaries, or the improvidence of theatrical people. Eemble is reported to have said that " scarcely one actor in a hundred could boast of having never visited a pawnshop," and the truth of his remark appears to be confirmed here. Crowns, sceptres, and embroidered cloaks are all visible. Here hangs the dagger—there the bowl. properties " of all kinds are in pledge; and .the "lute of the Troubadour rests loviagly against the suit of "complete steel" in which the ghost of Eleioore " revisited the glimpses of the moon." Were we incliued for sentimental meditation, we could find ample food for fancy in the incongruous articles around us, each of which has its litile history. Here is a collection of gorgeously bound prayer-books, and on opening one we read :— " B- -, Somerset, 15th May, '51. ' Presented to Marv - on her seventeenth birthday, with the best wishes and prayers of her affectionate mother." The poor soul who owned this volume must have Been many troub es since she left " B— Somerset." In a corner stand two instruments rarely seen in Victoria. They are barrel-organs of the true London type, one of which cost £'40, and has been pledged for £>7. Such articles as ttiese alway6 go lor lesB than their va'ue. Pawnbrokers arc compelled to sell by .auction (though this rule is not always kept), and they naturally prefer articles which are of general use and which can be sold easily. The usual loan is a fourth of the real value of the pledge; but to old customers, and to those who are known always to redeem their pledges, more is sometimes given. A large floating capital is required to conduct a business of this sort profitably; has about £1,500 out in loans (mostly upon wearing apparel, insumBaveraging about 5s.), and his profits, excluding the halfyearly sales, average £30 a week. Persons often pledge articles for a fiftieth of their va'ue, and never return to claim them. Six months is usually allowed to elapse after the expiration of the time mention'd on the ticket before the unredeemed pledges are sold, but, as we have said, this rule is not always kept. Thefts are rare, but on two occasioae the key of the sife was stolen, and once was robbed of his watch at the theatre, and the next evening had it handed to him over the counter as a pledge. Tilts thief, hovvever, was a v>ry young hand, and expiated his misiake by eight months in gaol. Before leaving we inspected the jewellery, and were shown pledges to the value of £1,200. The largest sum ever lent by on a single pledge was £70. A large trade is done • in diamond bracelets, rings, &c.;, which are usually pledged by the higher class of loose women, and by tradespeople, who will select a shop out of their own neighbourhood, and where they imagine they will not be known; and it is curious, and somewhat significant, to learn that ladies of high standing in society, whose husbands are reputedly wealthy, have often brought their jewels to 's establishment for the same reason.— Argus, 6th inst. 