TUE ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH IN ittfm.ANn. The ofllciiil 'Caiholic Directory' for tho year 1SU3, published pcrtui«sa auperiorum, has iiiude its appearance, it gives, as usual, a statistical summery cfthe Church in ICng* 1 mil, Watts, unit Scotland, nml Ihere is, con* eideriug our numbers in Orest Deiluin, a con siderable increase in tho clergy, churches, chapels, convent*, und monasteries, since lust yuar. The total number of bishops, is uf course Ihe same— namely, one archbishop und twelvo bishops (besides three retired bishops) in Uuglund, and four bishops in Scotland. Tho number of priests in Great Itriiaiu uuiouuts to 1032, against 1C0S last year { the number of t-hurchea und chapela ure 1283, against 1207 when' tbo last Direc tory wus published [ tha convents of- women nro now 227 in nutnber. whereas last year they were 2:20 1 und lastly, the monasteries numbered 07 against l!3 lant year. Total increase: 31 priests, 70 churehcs nndclnpels, 7 convents of women, ami 4 monasteries of men. It ought, however, lo be borne in mind that of thu 76 churches or chapela which ure moro thia yuar than last, ubout a dozen are private chapels of convents or of various individual* j u|*o of thu four increased in the number of monasteries, three ure merely houses iu which two or three of tho regular clergy dwell together for mi--»ionery work { tne fourth is thu new Dominican i'riory ut lluverstock-hill. In the convents, or reli gious houtei of women, th-« Increase hus been very great during tho lu»t few years, but it has been altog-lher, or with very few oxcep tiuus, umougst tho non-cloUtered or nutive order*, such us .Sistcra of charity. Sisters of of Mercy ami the like. The cloistered or contempliitire orders hardly seem, to inorexto nt all, or very slightly, in this country ; but lur nuns to conduct sellouts for the upper uud middle classes as well as to superintend poor schools, houses of refuge, and tho like, the demand isfar greater than tho supply. The following is u summary of C'tholio eta tiiitieo forKngluuil/Scotluutl, and Wulcs dur ing the last three years:— ' ? Churches Religious Year Priests und roinmtini Convents Cnapels. ties of men. lflfifl 1839 1171 68 211 1807 1(503 1207' 03 220 18113 10;U ' 1883 (13 227 Kknian Attack o.s* a MautbIiLO Townn. —The martello lower ut Fnla, near Queens town. was. uttackcd on Kriday night. Decent* .her 27, hy nn nrmed baud, witli blackened fice*, who sitrpri«ed tho three gunners in chargo und sHzen som* nrms and und u quan tity of uiumunilioit. The assault wus so well planned, thai the gunner*, who were sitting ut tea, did not know of the presence of tln-Ie enemy until nun of iho Fenians presented himself at the door of tin* tower. Five of Ihe enemy immediately sprang into Iho apart ment, nml presenting pistols ut iho gunners', heads, informed llo'tn thnt no harm would come to them If they quietly gaw up their nrms und ammunition. Sentries wero placed over tho uriillervmen, ami the keys of the imgnziihi dentin led. Orer twenty men ontereil il, and took from between 2.'0lhs. ii'id 30()I'm giinpowd-r. u numtitv of fuses, und nppliamv* forehelts. They also nude u ehise but itirO'etftn-it search for hnnd-greundrs, of whieh thev sahl Ihey were iu need. The Feui-tn* remained over Iwo hours, nnd searehed every tnrt of the fort, taking nway Ihe men's enrhinei nml bayonets. Thoy ctnil ted freely with the gunners, describing them selves us sohli'rs who had faitxht through tho Auierieaii wart ono of them snid ho h'ul at tained di«iingui»hed rank in tho American urmy. Hewn* the apparent leader, and of low stature. H.» parried nit umt«»nUy fine twelvc*rhamhrred revolver, which be exhlbi* ted to the gunners nnd their families, ex plaining its peculiarities. The sentries, pistol iu hand, never left tha nrtillervuieii during these conversations. Ilefero leaving, tho Fenians administered nn oath lo the gunners not to stir from Ihe fort for a ecrtuiu time, or ever attempt to identify their visitor* on pain of crrtniu dcnlh. After they left' tho emitters nude signnls from the roof, which were observed by Iho men «f another fort nearer to Quceustown, who gave ihe alarm there. The Fenians cither i-rossed Lough Mahon by boat or upprnached the tower by t'je single narrow by- road which leads toil. Laeh had souio cort of disguise, nnd nil wore large uiulUm, und had tlirir caps drawn over their eves. Two of the attacking party can bo uicntiGed, and aro known, bu^ no arrest has bcen insde. ^ Tho uurlclln taMra Along that portion of the coast ha*e been reinforced in conicipicni'o of tin uttaek both by artillery tnen nml ii detachment of tho 81st regiment now stationed ut Cork. Such a 'surprisr,' thorefore, omnot be repealed.— llomo New*. Charles James Fox, tbo English statesman, : | being onco at Ascot racea with his intimate : companion,' General Conway, missed hiaanufT i box. Tho General was lucky enough to dis- | I cover tho thief, and aeized him before ho could get dear. Upon tliia tbo tnao ftll upou his kuore, smd with many tears' besought Fox to pardon him, and not cxposo him to ruin, for : lie was a poor weaver in great destitution, und this was the first offence against the laws ihut be had ever committed. Fox was greatly airected, and not onty let tho offender go, but gaco bim a guinea. Shortly after this, having occasion lo use his hoi, he found no aign of it in tho pocket where ho had replaced it; and turning to.General Conuay, hoeaid, 'My anuff.box Is cone again I' ''Yea,' replied the latter, 'Isaw tho acamp take it Iho second time, when you gave him the money, but I thought I wouldn't tulerfero again. A 'Pecuiiar' OraTBB.— Oyaters ore uni versally eaten in New York. They certainly deserve the praise accorded to them, though most of them might be thought too nearly the size of plea to be agreeable to Ihe lover of tho little Whitstablo native, A somewhat peculiar atory is laid in reference to this par* ticujari and if the reader will pardon the vulfcurity of it, it is north repeating for its auggestive qualities' A Frenchman went into one of ibe oyster saloona for a dozen oysters j he preferred tbe largo onea,- and 'swallowed , eleven somewhat smaller Ulan a cheese plate, with much reliah. As the bar-keeper handed him the twelfth his eyes glistened nt its mag* nifiecnt proportions, for it far exceeded tho largest of those already disposed of. 'Don, bon, o'est utnguilique I' said he, rapturously, and making u prodigious effort, he succeeded in getting it down. The bar-keeper watched liim anxiously, and, seeing his success, cx claimed, ' Wul, Iguossvou nro the smallest fellar 1'vo seen this long while. Why, I'tii hid thirteen persons who tried to swallow that oiater,und every one of them wxeobligi d to give it up as a bad job lp- Tho French man'sfceliiiga may bo imagined.— Mdcuillan's Magazine. OlNTLKHAN JACK90X TUB PPOILtST.— Lord PalmeTfton, In his younger dnys was u patron of ' the ring.' as indeed ull were theus -and ho win » first-rate man, either with ur without the gloves. His wife did not approve of thisi ur.d sometines expressed surprise that a really great man as her hus* bind always was could have any pleasure in the society of such ruBlans as prize.flghtcrs., He resolved to pUy his wife a little harmless trick. He invited Jackson to dinner, and told him— 'Remember, you are to be Colonel Jackson, and to hare been in most of the battles of tbo Peninsula, Waterloo, &?.* Colonel Jacksjti was announced, and, as was always the case, was full of anecdote, was most agreeable, and played the part of colonel to perfection. After lie had left,' the lady said to her husband. Colonel Jackson is one of the moat agreeable and most internsting men I have ever met | you must ask him to dine with us again.' ' With the greatest pleasure,' was the reply, but when he ngnin diu#s willi us you must receive him as John Joekson tbo pugilist, not Colonel Jackson, thu Peninsular hero.' . StmvivlNO AN EsrcctioX.— ' Tho Italian journals ruluto n most singular, atory. A soldier who had descried and taken to brig andage was captured aud condemned to death Reiug brought out tn thn place af execution a firing ptrty of flvo performed (heir painful duty, aud thu sergeant- comuiumling them perceiving th«t thn min' was nut quito dead, gave him point blank the coup de griiee. In tho belief that this wos realty a finishing stroke, thn body was handed orer to lite gravedigger, but as night wus nppr.iaching the latter postponed his ofll-o until tho morning, leaving ubovo gruuml what he nsturvl-y supposed tn be n corpv, Th* | unforlunate mnn, howuvrr was still alive, ' ami the cold night air' by irritating his j woods, revived him. Painfully ho drugged 1 Idrnself lo the wall of the encosure, ugainst | whu-h he maimed to pluco'a ladder which ; happened to be Ihere, got over, although itll j bleeding nnd with his arm broken by thu I bullets, and delivered himself up us u)pei*ouer ut tho nearest cuird-houso, Tha Ministers - of War uud of Justice each claim the resus* : cilutcd rii'tiui of tuarii-il taw hut the belief ii I that he will bo pinioned. His wounds ure not , I mortal and hi* urm has been re-set. ; I A .MonKL Coiiuespoxdknt.— A publisher - I of tu* American paper made arrangements ' with n man in a neighbouring town to fur- | ! niih him with news items from that loealiiy. Tli* remit of the nrran^einent is us follows,! nnd was rut'ier startling lo the editor :— j 'there it not much noos ariiuud here yet, 1 put there iz a littul, A mon had his hcif hit in a fite la*t uite, the doctur sez if he don't get well before morula' that he will hcv to di ?nrlin, he levea 1 small wife nnd family. Another man iz sick nnd I gess he'z got the e-orbus but fOtn neapte siy hie wife pizened ' him, the dnctur irant tell yet, but when he - dies, they ure going to hold a port mortar orer hint. Ano'her man's horse dido last nito. Ho could eat moar Ihnr. entity G kit t ul round, nml since he dido ntts her gonn down tosentaona hu«ltel. This iz nil lite nooa hero now. Don't forgrt toseud u piypur.— Your Kori^priniNnt. A ditinguithed party were recently the guests of thu Marquis de Oa— , in the Chateau of—*—, iu the tieighlwurluvnl of Trouville. The ladies of the party being bored.'resol red some what iingr'tcTut'y iu order to nntusn thfinadves, to p!uy otf n j »k« o-t their host. So nno night they placed a qu n* tity of llour between ihe sheets of his bed. At his customary hour, .Marquis retirnl In rest, but iho strungo aub-lanee nsluirshed him. and he jumped up. lie found himself us whiten* a miller from heml to foot. A few moments' rolled ion eo- ivimvil him thai lie waa tho victim of n triek He coolly ring for bin vil»l, mudelue man sv'fnpc him and. wii'h him, nml chungo Iho t-heots. Then he returii'd lo bed. The next morning he «iid i tint a word of what lud happened. Three i evenings afterwards ho proposed o drlvo to I a small shooting lodge in the miglibourU^ud, ' where H ero was u splendid view, and wln-n . he got there ho offered the ladies te-. The [ enkeservfd with tho liquid wnscxtraodinnrily , gnod. nnd tho fair d int's did ample jurtieo t J - it. They declared they'd never seen anything j like it in Paris. 'Yet nntliingojuld bo more j simple thun to make suck cakcr,' said tho ( marquis. ? First take yocr llour,' continue.) ^ he, with nil Ihe solemnity ofn cookery-book, , nml thou roll a man in it.' Tho luides looked ' aghrst. 'Yes, inesdames, that cake is mndo uf the llour in which it was your pleasure I should ho whitened the nthrrnlght 1' 'Hurrcur Qoello hnrreur 1' screamed they. Tint DKVnxsiuiiR Witoiirs.— At- Ihe Ply. mouth Guildh'ill, nu tho 13th December. Mary Catherine Murray was brought u-- on remand, cha'gcd, under n warrant, with having used eeluin subtle tncuns und doviei-a lo irr.po»/i on one Thoiu ia Rendlo. From further evidence and crors examir.nlion it appeared lhat when tho prosecutor first consulted tho prisoner ho was told hy her lhat if she did not euro hU wi'e, who is paralysed, sho woutd return alt (ho monies thut might be paid for herbs ond seivices. llo had p iitl in till jC-i 10s, nnd ruhmitted (hit bis wife had not been bouifllod in Iho least, but on the contrary oa he believed, been 'ilt-wished,' hy tho prisoner. With n viesr to a euro of this 'Ill-wtsh,' ho had con* suited a 'white witeh' in tho person ofn man named Oribble, of Plymouth, who had under* taken, like the prisoner, lo cure tho patient or refund nil payments. To this 'witch' he had already paid some mancy. Inspector Murch stated (bat when bo apprehended Murray he read tho warrant to her, nnd she replied thai she had a right to uliargefor her medicine. He produced tho 'charm' which prisoner sent lo Rendle, and which consisted of a piece of parcUuieufc on which wero signs, and-ogainss them wore snchremurks 'Who- soever bearcth this sign all sprits wilt do him bomagot' 'This sign against witchcraft will rid infection and sudden death;' 'Who- soever '* bearcth this sign need fear so foe;' and 'This is a sign against witcboraft and suloide; and against evil demons,' The llench sentenced the prisoner to three months Imprisonment wUh hard labour. They do things quickly in Oatifornia, as witness the following programme of a 'plea- sant little affair,' which is given in a New YorkJJoumal San Juan stage robbed at five a.m. of 3000 dots, j roward was offered at Bovcn a.m.; robbers shot and all tbe money recovered at two p.m.; coroner's iuqnest at throo p.m, -, funeral of tbe thieves nt six pm. In Ihe 'Journal oftho Asiatio Society of Bengal' is described a find of more than 13,000 dollars of silver coins, mostly of six conturles ugo, discovered in Koock Hehir, North l)cn gal i they wero contained in three brass pots, and wero Iatd hare by a slip in a bank. Be* fore they were put into the melting pot there wero selected from them 1,000 spect* Lord Norbury, in court ono dny, Interrupted Currjn'in the midst of a speech, when an uss began ' lo brayjundcr the window, by sating. ' Ono at u time, Mr. Curran, if you please,' Presently the judge began bis charge lo tho jury, when tho ass began to bray again ; nnd Lord Nutbury, very much annoyed, asked, 'What horrid noise is that?' Mr. Curran replied, 'Only tbe ccho of tho court, my lord.' Dr. Dosey was ill) bis friend, Ihe Rev. Peter Quick, applied to tbo putron for tho next presentation; but tbe doctor recovered, and upbraided the Rev. Peter with such a breuv'h uf friendship, saying, '* You looked for my death,' ' No, no, Poclor,' said Peter, 'you quite mistake, it waa your living I looked for.' A person pretending to have seen n ghost, we* nsk.-.l what the npp'irition said to him. ' How should I know?'* be replied : ' I uui not *l.illeil in tbo dead languages' FuSD.sess. — An editor wrote an article on thw fair »ex, in tho cuurte ot which ho said, 'Girls uf seventeen ur eighteen are fond of beaux.' When tho puper was issued, ho was ruthi-r shocked to discover that an unfortuuate typographical error had mado liiiu siy, 'Girls of seventeen or eighteen aro fund of beans'' FoBOtTJNO.— ' Two Dutchmen lived very close to-rcther,and they bad beon fast friends s but they fell out, and bated each other liko Eoison. One of them fell sick, and sent for is neighbour, and said, ' Hnns, I am going lo die— will you forgive me?'— 'If you die, I will,' said Hans ; ' but if you get well, the old debt will stand good.' Tn* Way or tub Wobm-.— If tbo specu lator misses him aim, everybody cries out, ' lle'stt fool,' and sometimes, 'lie's a rogue.' If hn succeeds, they besiego his door, and demund his daughter in marriage. 