RITUALISM. (From London Journals.) The Bishop of Durham has been speaking about Ritualism in a manner worthy of himself as an Evangelical minister of Christ, and as holder of a see which has for many years been filled by prelates of Liberal sentiments His lordship was careful to speak from a written paper. He claimed for himself that he pursued a conscientious course, neither fearing nor court- ing man. In the " present grave crisis of the Church he joined in " protesting against those novelties in ritual and doctrine by the introduction of which a dishonest faction in seeking to substitute the superstitions of the corrupt mediaeval Church for the sober and ritual Scriptural teaching of the Protestant and Reformed Church of England." He describes the Ritualists as " a small but noisy and unscrupulous party,'' yet admits that they have done much to divide the Church, and to weaken her defensive forces against " infidelity and secularism." However, there is yet time, he thinks, for the Church to make good her petition as the strongest bulwark of our civil and religious liberties." The services at Easter in one of the Warrington churthes,-^-St. James the Great, Haydock, furnishes a good example of the grandest style of Ritualism. There were two celebrations, says a local paper, of the Blessed Sacrament on Easter-day. The offertory at the early celebration was given to the '. Order of the Holy Redeemer," of which Father Alan Greenall as chaplain. The most remarkable feature in the 10.30 service was the solemn administration of the Sacrament of Holy Baptism to several adult and infant candidates. After the second lesson, a magnificent silver blue and white banner of the " Holy Spirit' ' '(used at the special request of the father of one of the infant candidates was brought forward, and held facing the people at the chancel steps by a banner bearer in purple and fur tippets cassock. The hymn, " Holy Ghost, come down," He, was then sung, and the procession of choir boys and priest, he, moved slowly towards the font. The banner was held behind the priest throughout the ceremony. One of the godfathers was eighty years of age. A hymn was sung returning from the font to the choir, and a second after the third collect ; the second celebration was then held. The priest was Served by the sacristan in purple cassock, lace collar, and purple and fur tippets. The music was Merbeckes' and Helmore's ; the sequence was sung after the epistle, and "Jesu gentlest," during the ablutions. The alas dish and altar desk were covered with handsome Brussels lace, which, with some new alms-bags, were Easter offerings. There was the usual children's service in the afternoon, consisting of Litany, catechising, short questioning on and explanation of the Epistle and the Gospel for the day, with Litany of the Holy Childhood. After the second evensong of the festival, a Te Deum was sung before the altar with banners. The priest of lloyd ck wore a gorgeous gold lace stole from Brussels. Everything at St. James's is done most openly ; the very litanies of the "Holy Childhood" and the Passion" appear on the printed bills. Not a little dissatisfaction has been produced in York by the Ritualistic practices which have prevailed in the church of All Saints, North-street. On Sunday morning week, Mr. Bibby, a member of the choir, proceeded to the church before the congregation had assembled d, and incensed the chancel. The parish p diseases, in the person of Mr. Garlick, a church * an din who is opposed to these proceedings. Hearing what was going forward in the church, he proceeded thither, and found Mr. Bibby in the act of increasing the chant of. He ordered him to desist, but, refusing to obey, Mr. Garlick look him by the shoulders, and, walking him to the door, took the thurible from him, and threw it into a coal-pit in the vestry. Mr. Bibby produced a note as his authority from the lector and curate for what he had done. Before the evening service he again entered the church, and thoroughly incensed it, but this time he took care to prevent any interference with what he was doing by locking the door and keeping out the churchwarden. These facts have been reported to the Archbishop. The Church Times has long accounts of Easter fes tactics, and toys:-"Easter after Easter we have still the same tale to tell. Persecuted by the world, frowned upon by the bishops, maligned alike by furious bigots and unprincipled statesmen; the Catholic party in the Church of England not merely maintains its ground, but exhibits as ever augmenting strength. We say to-day, as we have said on every similar occasion since this journal was started, that never has our cause been so flourishing, never have its external manifestations been so widely displayed as at this Easter-tide, and we appeal to our columns cb existence of the fact." The clergy and p missioners of St. Clement's, Cambridge-, are at odds on Ritualism. Headed by the church Gardens the latter have unanimously protested against the "high Ritualism and Roman Catholic doctrines as practised and preached in their parish. church." The choice by congregations of their, own ministers could rectify all this. On Mr. Thomas Hare's principle of representation, the Ritiulista could club themselves together to choose Ritualist priests, and the simple Christians Christian pastors. In consequence of the Ritualistic practices at St. Mark's church, Kennington, and public avowal by the incumbent of his belief in certain doctrines of the Roman Catholic religion, the committee of the Licensed Victuallers' School have withdrawn the children nearly 200 in number-from that church. South London Press 