OBIGINAL STORIES. By a Sooth Australian. [From the Adelaide ObttrmA MEETING IN TBS BUSH. ' Of course,' stud an old stockman, be* tween the whiffs of his pipe, as be Bat comfortably by tho lira of tne Stag1! Head, in the township of M-, — , South Australia, oi course, in on oia country line .new South Wales, there are plenty of yaim to bo got, fit for making into books ; but who is to get them, and who is to write the books? That's the question.'1 And this was by no means a foolish remark ; for whereas nothing is more common than to read of people Bitting down and telling stories to each other with an ease and pre cision that would make the fortune of an ordinary circulating library, yet the factia nothing is bo rare as to lind a person who can give a detailed account, on the spur of the moment, of any interesting event which he may have met with in the course of hia life. He will say, ' Yea, I knew all about it at tho time. But the whole matter lies in a nutshell. The husband, you tee, was murdered — the wife married again — and ever since that tinio his ghost has been seen at night- time, drawing boor in the cellar, just aa he used to do when ho was alive ; and that's about the whole of the matter, as far as I can recollect.' Tins is very terse and pithy, un doubtedly. But it requires a great deal of looking at before it can be mado into a story long enough to fill two columns of a news paper, and real enough to bo mistaken for a narrative of colonial life. Something of this sort it was which I said to tho old stockrider, iu tho sitting-room of the uw-g a iiuki, uuu uu auinuceu inat ne never was a ' good un' himself at telling stories. Still, he hadn't gone about tho colonies for the last 40 years with his eyes shut, and ho thought ho could remenibor an incident of life in New South Wales which would just Buit me. Many years ago he was travelling through the country Bomo 40 miles from Sydney in company with two strangers who had not been long in the colony, and who were on the look-out for a cattlo run. At that time, indeed, a cattle run was a most profitable investment. The best of the country was obtained on the easiest of terms; and, without the cost of fencing or any other preliminary work, large herds of cattle were left Uf feed and breed. Even the wages that were paid were miserably small, as nearly all the men were assigned servants; and though some of theso occasionally plundered their employers by selling herds of cattle, either before or after they had been branded, to travelling jobbers, yet on the whole they were faithful and trustworthy. Many such cattlo runs had been passed by tho three travellers in their up-country journey, and everywhere they had mot wita two things which pleased tho strangers amazingly— bush hospitality and splendid scenery. If tho place they stopped at was but a bark hut— with ono end left partly open as a fireplace, and with stumps of troes standing in the middle for chairs and tables — there was still a hearty welcome. Tho logs woro piled on the firo, tho steaming pots of tea were cot rcadv. and tho damncr and fried beefsteaks were handed round without stint. Then, the scenery ! At ono inomout thoro would be a break in the tall trocB of the forest, and the travellers would ouittrceupun an open place — a small natural meadow — as green ns emerald. Then thero would bt* long avenues of trees that met overho*o\ and completely shut out the sunlight. Hero, too, was tho tall, straight cabboj^treQl shooting up to tho height of one hundred. an(\ fifty foot, yet with a stem bo light m\ slender that to cut them down and throv \\\ma across the creeks as temporary bridges waa easy work for tho aborigines or oven tho passing traveller. Through many miles of this varied country the travellers passed until they came t* one of the outsido cattlo stations. Her* they found a house of better appoaratMO- than, usual. It was well built of mubs, and it coo* taincd several apartments, which V!as a rarity 2 for at the stations generally the kuts wcw u? one room couh, and the slopping acoputoda* tion consisted of alieqmkuifl und old clothea spread across the floor from, ono side to tha other. But tho improved appearanco of tho dwelling-place which the travullors had novf reached was uoon explained. The stockuian, who hail dismounted, ha4 scarcely reached tho door, whau a yoMMC woman atcjipuil fonvaril ; and \mA or^ly wa« this an agroeablo sight in itsoW, bvvt it seemed most particularly to astouiah ojjq of tho two straugera, who, after looking hard at tho, young woman's face, exclaimed— ' What ! old Johu llrion's daughter ii\\*hin out-of-the-way plooe ! Uoodlleavemj! ^1ia& shall we come across next?' Ilia companion, too, had boon E&uck; by the appoaranco of ono of bis owa country women in the far-off bush, and as ho was iu, advance of the other he begn^. to ou(j,uire of her by what accident so favourable a, rejNrfc, scntative of old Ireland hM thus seaobod tho outside boundaries of o^vjjj^fttiun, 'We have .boon trajospor—,' l-egan thei young woman sadly; but af. this moment k]m» fixed her eyos on tno other visitor, and ^H she uttered his name— 'Captain O'Qomu^U4 with astonishment. 'Captain O'Connel, who savod our lives,' she went on— 'and now standing at this door! What a sight for my husband this blessed dayj!' Then the husband was called ; the travcjtorn were woloomod with unmistakable pleaiuro.;, and the tea, the damper, and the friM beotp steak woro more abundant than eycr, T-ka husband, too, tried his hand suowssfully at brewing a bowl of punch ; an-\ with much joy at the presence of the Gaj-j;ajnr-to whou- on some account he evidently felt himself a, life-long debtor— he promised to. $iu\ hitk guests excellent sport the. nex^ (Jay, at kangaroo hunting and opossum, shooting. But how had it happened, thought tho Captain's travelling companions, that two, Buch people had, Become prisoners of ^W Crown ! Jn their journey throng.^ A^ , country, they had met with many, of ^ das*, (indeed with scarcely any- ofc»wr per sons), and they had exrwrionced inucli hospi tality amongst thorn, whilst it was also, common to hear theni ' chaff' a free man playfully on oooount of his disabilities in no* being so well off as themselves. In fact, the travellers had found them BOcial and good* . tempered. But still tho young Irishman an-^ his wife had nothing of the convict 't^fffl about them, and tho wonder was what they had dono to subject themselves to t^hg nenajty. of transportation. 'You seem to have kno^yn, our hpsft andt his wife before,' said tl# Canj^aiuVconK panion, as they rodo oui bjbx^ morning. ' Yes,' ho replied, V iV was in Ireland that the circumstances, arose which brought the man MoPerrft&tt; within the reach of tho la% and \\\ was m connection with these ciroun* Utanocs that tho wife had spoken of tynjgellt as a frieod and a benefactor,' Tto Captain! then related the particulars of, thejr offence as follows, and those nariuculars can ba verified by published fa^ia :— He was in command of a coju^-pard station in Ireland, anil had long been on the watch for a party of gmM^ who had managed t? carry on, their depredations without bping caught; for the whole of the population in the neighbourhood were on, their aide, and woro as ready to assist them, as they wero to obstruct or mislead tho soldiers. Still the Captain wont on, in the hope of some day catching tho offenders in tbe act, and at last he had information, that there was a large cargo of brandy, teat and sugar to be 'run,' and that the chief actors in this affair were to be an old smuggler — Kichard McDermott, and lus four sous— one of whom— Robert— was the liveliest and most rattling young Irishman in the country. ' This young man, too, was the favoured lover of the daughter of a small fanner, who by no means approved of the match, and who, there is reason to suppose, was instrumental in putting the coast-guard officers on the scent of the smugglers. , At any rate, the Captain, with CO men, . was ready at the appointed time, and this ' force he took to tho spot where the lauding was to be effected. Some he stationed behind rocks, and the others sheltered themselves in the brushwood which grew along the path, by which tho contraband goods were to be carried. The work, however, was not pleasant ; for in addition to other disadvantages, the night was dark and rough, with occasional bursts of thunder and lightning. But the darkness ? was what the smugglers, required, and towards midnight it became evident that they did not intend to disappoint those who were on the look-out for them. First a blue light was seen for a moment or two on the rocks, not far from the spot where the soldiers were lying in ambusn, and this light was presently replied to by a red light which flashed up seaward, and which for a moment showed the clear outlines of a lugger at a short distance off the shore. Then came the sound of footsteps and ' voices along the beach. , ,, 'U it the redcoats ye saw a marchin* out f \- 'Tria,bymesowl.' ' Thin it's the false signal at North Point that they'll be afther dropping upon. Show the red light an' let's have the job done afore they find out their miahtake.' It was the voice of old McDermot that the Captain heard, and whilst this conversation was going on between him and hiB son three boats were approaching the shore from the Teasel that had shown the signal. The fore most of the three, in fact, waa already close tn tTi« htvwh. iiml in a few minutes the smugglers began to land, inentne captain ordered his men to move cautiously down. But by some clumsy accident a musket went off, and at this sound the smugglers took alarm. Some rushed back to their boats, 'and others, who had advanced, pressed for ward to gain a pathway which led through the scrub. With these the soldiers at once dosed, and there was a sharp struggle in the dark— the rain all the time pouring down in torrents. Swords clashed fiercely, and a pistol shot now and then told of close work ; but the military could not have made much uae of their firearms if they had been, bo inclined. It wa3 while this roughand tumble fight waa going on that a pistol waa fired almost in the Captain's face, but the shot passed over his shoulder, and struck the man behind full in the breast. The poor fellow fell dead. At thus moment the Captain seized the smuggler who was nearest to Turn, and held him with determined clutch until his arms and legs had been bound, when, with one or two others who had been secured further down the beach, he was removed, a close prisoner. This man waa Robert McDermot, the eldest son of the old man who was at the bottom of all the mischief; and now the charge against him was that of murdering one of His Majesty's soldiers. On this charge he was in due course tried, and as he persisted in his refusal to tell who fired the fatal shot, though he declared that he him self was innocent, the Jury found him guilty, and the Judge sentenced him to death. As a means, too, of striking terror into the smugglers it was ordered that the execution should take place in the immediate neigh bourhood of the recent outrage ; and here, heavily ironed in the dungeon of an old fortress, the unhappy prisoner awaited his death. in cnarjje ot uus tortrcsa was uapiain O'Connel himself, and as it was his evidence which bad told most strongly against the prisoner, whom he seized immediately that the fatal shot had been fired, he had urged him earnestly to tell the truth, and to save his own life by stating who it was had fired off the pistoL But the prisoner was silent and obstinate. He would not save his own life at the cost of another's. The law would therefore take its course. But on the night before the day of execution the Captain was entreated to let the prisoner Bee for the last time the young girl to whom he had hoped to be married. She begged for this boon with tears and prayers, andat last the officer consented. The interview took placa ; and then the prisoner waa left to prepare himself for death. But before morning there waa a violent outcry in the prison. First of all, the sentinel on watck was heard to fire his musket. Then there was a rush to that si.le of tho old fortress which overlooked an adjacent hike, and soon it was known that the prisoner had escaped. At this unlooked-for event tho country was roused for miles around, and the coxst was so keenly watched that it was impossible for the smuggler to get away in that direc tion. He wa* almost certain, in fact, to be recaptured, for there was reason to believe that a muskft-ball had hit him whilst he was crossing the lake, so that he was pro bably too much hurt for exertion. In the meantime Captain O'Connel was suspended for his lax notions — nnd they were not uncommon in those clays — of prison dis cipline ; and the young woman, Mary Brien, was arrested for having aided the prisoner to escape. She had managed, in fact, to give him a steel file on the night of their inter view, and had afterwards procured a boat for him when he had got off his irons and broken away one of the bars of the prison. This, then, after five or six years had elapsed, was the young woman whom the Captain and his companions now met in the far-ott Australian bush ; and, as she truly said, he had been their greatest benefactor; for if he had not granted the interview which led to the escape, her husband, McDermot, instead of living to l-e a prosperous stock owner in Australia, would have perished on the gallows for a crime which he had not committed. It is true he was recaptured before he was able to leave the country ; but, fn the mean time, the smuggler who fired the shot and killed the soldier came forward and con fessed his crime. Tho sentence of death against McDermot was therefore commuted, and he was ad judged the smaller punishment of transpor tation for life to the lately-founded settle ment of New South 'Wales. Here, too, as his wife, the brave-hearteil girl, who had fought so heroically to save him from the gallows, was allowed to accompany him, and to help him to build up a new home in the distant bush. How far they had succeeded in this the Captain and his companions had plenty of opportunities for judging. In a oeautiful country, with an abundance of everything, the Irish stockman and his family were lead ing a happy, quiet life ; and though their forced exile was occasionally the cause of painful thought, yet there was much consola tion in the fact that their offence against the laws of their country had not been of that degrading character which robs the mind of all desire to lire industriously and honestly. KlKDSBSS TO ANIMAM — BeaBIXG BHN8.-8ir Francis Head, when travelling in Germany, made some remarks on the different way in which the hones there were harnessed for ?low, heavy draught work, which we will repeat here, as we cannot be too often reminded of the foolish and cruel custom we have in England of Mine the bearing-in harness. Sir F. Head says the English, trench, and German, each harness their horses differently. The French leave the animal's head at liberty, which is also nature's way. -The Germans fasten it to the lower extre mity ot the collar, thus preventing the head from being raised. We all know how it is managed in England. The horse's head is raised, or borne up by the bearing-rein. Now, the English extreme and the German extreme cannot both be riant— one polls the head up, the other pulls it down. Sir F. Head thinks there is more science, of the two, in the German fashion. Morses ought to draw by their weight, not by their muscle; and it is in order to encourage them to lean their heads downward*, and raise up their backs, that the German collars are made as describeij. for the hone in this way leans against the resistance he meets with, and the carriage follows here without much more on his part than if he was leaning idly against his manger. Not. as a contrast to this, look at an English horse drawing a heavy load up hill; he is working entirely by his muscle, not by hit weight; and how can he do otherwise? His head is braced up much Wither than ever nature intended it to be even in walking, or when in a state of liberty carrying nothing but itself. The balance of his body 13 therefore turned against, instead of being in favour of his draught, and the animal is thus cruelly deprived of the mechanical advantage of wetRht which everywhere the in the universe b mule use of. If auy one will pa-a his hand down the back of an old stage or post horse he will feel (thiugh not so keenly us it does) the fatal consequence of this barbarous treatment. Sir P. Head was first led to look into the subject by noticing how much more easily the German hones seemed to pull a heavy cairijReunhuL or along a dead-level, than our English one'3. The little ill- conditioned animals often drew, lie said, an immense over-laden stagrccach. called a 'diligence,' wMi little apparent fatigue. Re ?ays Germans live together on more friendly terms with their horses, and understand their dis positions better than the English. They treat them as horse*, whilst we drill them as if they were men. And to prove that they are better honemasters than we are, he remiuds hin readers of the well-known fact that in the Peninsular war \- the cavalry horses of the German Legion were . absolutely fat, whilst those of our regiments were ?kin and bone. The Germans attend to the character, temper, and instinct of the animal. ' They trust those sensible creatures with the use of their eves. They do not blind them, as we do, by putting on blinkers. . The horses can see the wheel behind them strike a stone, and they avoid the next stone, ami so on. Now, just look what is the Kntrluh mode of treating a norse. in order to break nun to draught we put a collar round his neck, a cropper under his tail, a pad on his back, a strap round his belly, with traces at his side, and, to finish, blinkers over his eye?, and in this fearful state ot ignorance, with a groom or man at his head and another at his side, he is fixed to the po!e .and splinter-bar of a carriage. If he kicks, he sud denly receives a heavy punishment, which he does not see, and dues not understand. Even when in time he gets accustomed to harness, he does not to the last day of his life understand what he is drawing behind him; and if a little strap breaks, and falls upon him in an unaccustomed place, he is frightened, possibly kicks, because, deprived of his eyesight, he knows not what has happened. Surely we ought to copy our foreign neighbours with advantage in some things. ' Ikk to W rite os Zinc— The following 1$ for lodeHb'o black in'c to be U'ed for writing on {Inc. Tike thirty parti of verdigris, thirty lal-unonU. ofght of lampbUct, right of gum- uxbic, tui ihree hundred of water; dissolve the gum in inter, ind pour it owr tbc other Ingredients, we'l mixed and reduced to jxnrdar. A quill pea should then be nied for writing. Asphalta. yoa Walks. — The place in tended to be asphalted mast be previously lerelaJ, tboa pa*, oa it a oat of tar, and sift n:mo sand or coal athe- all overit very thickly ; after this in dry repeat tha operation until you have got fonr coats of Ur, and an many of coal ashes or road Band. You will then bar* an excellent clean, dry, hard path. It will make iieallent valkt, or floors for sheds or out buildings, &c;, and will wear for many years, 