"THE MERCURY. /"S^iTiTßD^r MORNING, APRIL 11, 1868. A stTPPiiExrENT to the last Victorian Govern- ) men Gazette contains a list of lands open for selection in one hundred and fifty seven ( agricultural areas. Most of the allotments thus thrown open have, we are told, been previously taken up, but forfeited. That either shows that the "earth-hunger," as its '. railed, the desire for land in Victoria, has "I been greatly exaggerated, or that the appeal j tile paris at the very sight of it, and does not wait to be satisfied. Even where the ,,.. land selected is held its occupiers seem in a i many cases to be at a loss what to do with it. In proof of that, we take the following from ouoofthomostinfluential of the country papers of the 3rd inst : " It is not unlikely that numbers of poor selectors will, this season, find considerable difficulty in paying their rents, and, considering the disadvan- . tages under which they labor, they t will naturally seek every possible in a dulgence at the hands of the lovers ' ' ment. Although in some parts of the 1 country many farmers have realised, "" or expect to realise remunerative returns on ', their grain crops, yet there are other places ,, where crops were not put in, and the lessee 1 depended wholly on his sheep for success. The poor prices which sheep and wool have -1 fetched this year, will considerably retard little progress of many, and place them in as 1 struggling a position as that which they occupied the year before. The rents of the land are felt by numbers to be a great drag upon their resources, and with not a few, it will be next to impossible to meet their engagements. Men who have given all their capital and time in the attempt to improve their holdings, in conformity with the stipulations of the existing land act, are very seriously harassed, and no doubt an effort will be made to prevail upon the government to accept instalments of the money now due." It is sad for the Victorians to have such a tale as this to tell, after all they have done to put the land question on a proper footing. Neither the NicuoT.soir.theDuFrr, nor the GRANT act seems to have left them in any better position than they were, or, at any rate, to have made them more quiet, or more satisfied. At this, no one who has closely watched the land question in these colonies at itasuccessne stages of development, need affect any surprise. He must have foreseen this, and have been quite prepared for what we have given above being supplemented thus :-" Existing com- plications have rendered the prospect of an easier land bill as remote as ever. But it is not fair to those who have tried so industriously to complete their improvements, that they should be made to suffer, because the tactics of party appear to require the existing delay in the business of parliament." Even in the absence of ministerial and political complications, there would have been the same ground for complaints of this kind, the same cry for an easier land bill Anything short of a gift of the land by the crown would not satisfy some. ' And if that were conceded, we should then have many insisting on their right to seed from the government with which to crop it, and to labor wherewith to gather in what the government had helped them to sow. This may be thought exaggeration. But if ex [ aggeration, it would be found so very , slightly so, when what is now spoken of came to be reduced to matter-of-fact, as I to be scarcely appreciable But how stands ) the matter with ourselves The land question has never been such a source of perplexity to us, as to the Vie 3 torians, for these reasons among others who have never had such a crop of agitators , crying out for land reform not have we over had such a horde of persons declaring a their readiness to go out on the land, if , thrown open to selection. But the fact of 5 our having had a bill to amend the waste ' lands act of 1863 every session since that I act was passed must be taken as a proof of its not being in a satisfactory 3 condition. Indeed, when we look back to the report of the SonvEron-ÖENEBAL in [ 1862, and find that no preparations have been made for putting lands reported r upon into the market, we do not see 3 how it could be otherwise than unsatisfactory. That gentleman then said " The old 1 settlements of the colony lie almost entirely in the midland and south eastern counties, ? their extent being pretty nearly three millions of acres. Here also lie the great bulk of our leased lands, of about a couple of millions of acres more, which are exempted from the operation of the 19th clause of the act, and which, if required for sale, as large portions often are, can only be bought at auction, a six months' notice being first given to the lessee that they are required for sale- These fine counties, in which the trap rocks prevail, are composed chiefly, r either of rich open downs, or of open 1 grassy forest land, and constitute the elite of our sheep pastures. They are generally undulatory. The crown lands of these districts are in high demand, and yield a revenue at present of about £23,000 a year, the government charge being fixed at twenty shillings the hundred acres in the generality of our lettings." We stop there for the present : not because there is not much more of the name kind condemnatory in the highest degree of the keeping back of these lands from sale: but because there is enough in what has already been quoted for our present purpose. It was quite enough for the SuBVKYon-Gr.NErtAi, to have said, in his ministerial capacity, that these two millions of acres of the finest land in the colony are ex. empted from the operation of the 19th clause of the waste lands act. that is, that they cannot be selected and bought for cash or on credit as other lands of an inferior description in different parts of the colony. But that neither will nor ought to satisfy the general public. Why should not these lands be open for selection and purchase, just as all other lands in the colony? Is there any > sense in letting out these lands as sheep and cattle runs, whilst offering others of an inferior, and, in some cases, of a perfectly j worthless description for sale? Where is I the use of talking of inviting others to come and settle on our fine lands, when we keep r the best portion of them locked up? To the \- rent we got for these lands anything like an '. equivalent for this suicidal policy? The '» SüavEron-GENEttAti speaks of this as having r amounted to £23,0001 a year in. that one a district alone in 1852. But what does it amount to now ? To £9,000 a year for the t whole colony. How is that? Is there a I less land held for grazing purposes i y now than there was then ? We believe , not. But instead of the government charge being fixed at twenty shillings the hundred . acres in the generality of the settings, it is t now fixed at ten. And why ? Will any one J pretend to say, that parliamentary or governmental influences have nothing to do I with this If any one did, would he get persons to believe him? If he did, they must be more remarkable for their credulity a than for their good sense. On the twenty-fifth of September last, the select committee on the bill to further r amend the waste lands act of 1863 ; brought up their report, in which, among ' other things, the following recommendation was contained "The committee beg to recommend that the government should forthwith have such an investigation of the crown lands within the settled districts, and that portion of the unsettled lands known as the Gordon Valley, commenced as will enable them to present to parliament, at its next session, charts so colored as to show, approximately, all the lands let, distinguishing the portions adapted for agriculture, and those fit for grazing purposes, and the qualities thereof: also, the ' unoccupied lands. distinguishing the portions adapted for agriculture, and those fit for grazing, and the qualities thereof, and all roads passing through the said lands and that such investigation should be conducted under the supervision of a practical and experienced person, on whose integrity, judgment, and physical capability the government can place the utmost reliance." Have the government attended to this recommendation? If BO, to what extent? It would be very satisfactory to the public to know to whom this investigation has been confided. Would there be any objection to our having that stated ? It ought to have been done long before this. YESTERDAY's telegram can hardly be allowed to pass without a word or two of comment. Among other things, it embraces two topics, which have been uppermost in most men's minds for some time past, and upon neither of which we can dwell but with a feeling of sadness, upon the latter in particular. We refer to the state of things politically in Victoria, and to the fact of CAssELÎ, the would-be assassin of the DUKEOI EDitíntruarr, having been ordered for execution on Monday week the 20th Inst. Mr. RIDDELL has abandoned the hopeless task of attempting to form a ministry in Victoria out of the moderate party in the assembly, as we said he would have to do some days ago, for the simple reason that there is no such party, and that, although he might get as many members to agree with him to accept office as is required by the constitution act, they would be utterly powerless for want of a backing. It is one thing for four or five gentlemen to wish for office themselves, or to be willing to accept it in a extremity: it is another, and quite a different thing, for others to wish them to accept office, and to be willing to support them in it. Mr. RIDDELL ought to have seen that from the very first. He could neither have reasonably calculated upon any assistance from the opposition side of the house, nor from that of the gentlemen who only hold office on sufferance. And if he was so unreasonable as to have done so, Mr. M'CULLOCH and his friends were the more demonstrative of the two in their endeavors to convince him of his mistake. They have determined to go down with their colors nailed to the mast. Sir Henry MANNERS SUTTON, therefore, had no other course left open to him but to try Mr. SLADEN, the gentleman who took snell a leading part in the council, in connexion with Mr. FELLOWS and others, in their opposition to what they considered the un- constitutional courses of Mr M'CULLOCH and his friends, and he has accordingly been sent for, and is now engaged in an attempt to form a ministry, with good hopes, it is said, of success. That may be the case, and, it is sincerely to be hoped, that it will be so. But without waiting for the result, what we said from the first has come true. In send- ing for Mr. SLADEN, Sir Henry MANNGU* SUTTON has come round to Mr. FELLOWS again, for Mr. SLADEN is neither more nor less than Mr. FELLOWS' alter ego in the council. This, of course, Sir Henry MANNERS SUTTON understands as well as any- body else, but what he has done gives him a double, or even a treble advantage, ever having submitted to Mr. FELLOWS terms in the first instance. He can now say, that, having been deserted by his former ministry,' he first applied to the opposition, and next to what he thought the moderate party, in the assembly, without success. He had then to go to the council, and was no longer in a position to make terms. What all this will come. to there can be no difficulty in foreseeing. Sir Henry MANNERS SUTTON will have to undo what he per- versely insisted on doing. In spite of the most earnest remonstrances to the contrary, he permitted an appeal to the country on a distinct issue, which the DUKE of BUCKINGHAM, his official superior, will not now allow him to have raised in the assembly. But the issue of that appeal, so far as the voting power of the assembly is concerned, is flat in the face of the instructions of the DUKE of BUCKINGHAM, and no man with any respect for themselves would think of carrying on the business of the country in conformity with the DUKE of BUCKINGHAM'S instructions with a house packed against them, partly with the conuivanceofthe GOVERNOR, at whose instance they are asked to take office, without the power of sending them about their business, if they prove refractory. That is no loss the constitutional, than the common sense view of the case, and Sir Henry MANNERS SUTTON must by this time be led to see that himself. In granting a dissolution to Mr. M'CULLOCH: on an issue, which he is no longer permitted to have raised, he paved the way for a dUso tion to his successor, which he will sooner or later be obliged to yield. He is forbidden to allow the council to be coerced, and the present assembly has been got together on the principle of coercion. O'FARRHLL'S case forms the next, and the sadder part of the news by yesterday's telegram, although not by any means unexpected. All thought he would have been ordered for execution, and now that (that has been done, who is there to lift up a voice against it? It is not denied that his crime was one of unusual enormity, nor is it pretended that he has not had a fair trial, or that he has not been treated humanely since his apprehension. His sister may be for- given her anxiety to have the case referred to the decision of the home authorities. She would not be a woman, if she either did not hope on to the last, or did not use her utmost efforts to have the life of one so dear to her spared. But there is something higher than womanly feelings. To be respected, the law must in such cases to stern in its decisions, and unrelaxing in its grasp. Of course, we trent what is said in the telegram about the DUKE of EDINBURGH'S expressed wishes to have the case referred home as a canard, or, at the utmost, as a more involun- tary expression of feeling, not intended in any way to interfere with the course of justice. He could not have been so ill-advised as to have thought of interposing in a case of this kind. in a few days, O'FARRELL will have paid the extreme penalty of the law, and the grave will, be closed over him. With him, too, er with his spiritual attendants, will then probably rest for ever the terrible secret of the motives which prompted him to attempt to take away the life of one so dear to Her MAJESTY and to the country, and of his accomplices in this deed of blood. Most people would, of course, wish it otherwise But if this unhappy man persists in carrying the dreadful secret with Ii ran into the other world, or will only reveal it to those who by the nature of their office are bound to keep it to themselves, we must be content. The law can only deal with proven crime, and it will have been sufficiently vindicated in the punishment inflicted on one of whose guilt there could not be the shadow of a doubt. GOOD FRIDAY. Yesterday being Good Friday was observed as a general holiday in Hobart Town. In the morning and evening service was held in various churches, and there were fair congregations. By a large portion of the community the day was kept otherwise, and the various recreations announced were well-patronised The boatmen did a capital day's business, the number of fishing and picnic parties being large. As usual, there was a profuse display of bunting in the town, and several of the vessels in harbour were dressed. The places of business were all closed, with the exception of the hotels and refreshment houses. POLICE COURT.-There was no sitting of the Police Court yesterday, not a single charge appearing on the sheet To-day, the Court will sit at 10 a.m , instead of 10 30 a.m. as usual. ROSNY. yesterday the grounds of Rosny were open to the public, and were visited by a very large number of the citizens. The Kangaroo, steamer, plied during the day, conveying passengers. There was a band in attendance, and dancing on the green was kept up with spirit, besides a variety of sports and pastimes. A Punch and Judy was on the ground, and contributed much to the amusement of those present. PLEASURE EXCURSION TO NEW NORFOLK. Yesterday the steamer Monarch made a pleasure trip to New Norfolk as announced. The weather was threatening at the hour of starting, and the consequence was that the number of excursionists was somewhat limited, not more that lOOavailiug themselves of the opportunity. The trip was a very enjoyable one, and after an agreeable ramble round the township of New Norfolk, the excursionists returned to the steamer, which reached the Franklin Wharf at about 7 o'clock. WESLEYAN SABBATH SCHOOLS. Sermons will be preached to-morrow, at the Melville- street church, by the Rev. Shirley W. Baker on behalf of the above institution, and on Monday evening a tea and public meeting will take place in the School-room. i TRAMWAYS AT THE CALLING learn that a very few individuals, resident in the neighborhood of the river Cam, are carrying on an agita- tion in favor of tramways in that district, indeed it has become quite a mania with them, but fortunately it is not very infectious. The general opinion of the residents seems to be that tramways could only be of advantage to a few individuals, and would not benefit the district at large, CHURCH OF ST.' JOHN THE BAPTIST, GOULBURN STREET. Thursday, being Maundy Thursday, the solemn ceremony of the institution of the Rev. H. B. Bromby as incumbent of this church took place. At 11 o'clock the Bishop, clergy, and churchwardens entered the chancel, when morning prayer was said by the Rev. J. T. Gellibrand, F. H. Cox, and C. J. Brammall. The hymn " Veni Creator" having been sung the special office in use on these occasions was commenced by the Ven. Archdeacon Davies. Mr. Newman then, as senior churchwarden, came forward and addressed the new incumbent in these words, " In the name and behalf of St. John's parish I do receive and acknowledge you the Rev. Henry Bodley Bromby as incumbent of the same, and in token thereof give into your hands the keys of this Church." To which answer was made, " I, Henry Bodley Bromby, receive these keys of the house of God at your hands, as the pledges of my institution, and of your parochial recognition, and promise by the help of God to be a faithful shepherd over you, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." Further prayers having been offered by the Archdeacon, the Bishop received the new incumbent within the altar rails, and presenting to him the great bible and prayer book of the Church, said, " Receive these books, and let them be the rule of thy conduct in dispensing the Divine Words in leading the devotion of the people, and in exercising the discipline of the Church and be thou in all things a pattern to the flock committed to thy care." The office was then continued, and a special blessing was given by the Bishoptotheincumbent,whothenkneuling at the holy table offered solemn supplication for himself. Lastly, standing up he prayed for the flock now committed to his charge. The Holy Communion was then celebrated by the new incumbent, the Archdeacon and the Rev. J. T. Gellibrand being gospels and epistles, and administered to all the clergy and a large number of the laity, the Bishop giving the final benediction. WILD LUCAS-At this season of the year there are to be found in the marshes and lakes throughout the colony large numbers of wild ducks in full perfection. In the neighborhood of New Norfolk, even, they may be obtained in considerable quantities, and as these are birds which are esteemed a great delicacy, it is somewhat surprising that more do not find their way into Hobart Town, where, it is to be presumed, they would find a ready sale. We saw a few 1 days ago several pairs, which had been brought by the New Norfolk coach, and which were remarkable fat and weighty, but the great draw- back to their more general consumption is the , high price at which they are sold. Five shillings a pair are beyond all reason, whereas if three shillings were charged they would, no doubt, find many purchasers. The means of convey- 1 ance to Hobart Town are easy and moderate, and by charging a reasonable price the settlers I would improve the commercial maxim by making good profits upon quick returns. In the present state of the colony every available means should be used by the settlers to add to their resources, and here is an opportunity of doing so, although in no very large degree, and of benefiting the public at the same time. THE BOAT HARBORNE is high time that the fence at the Franklin Wharf side of the boat harbor should be put in repair by the authorities ' having charge of that portion of the wha' f along which it extends, as for months past the rails have been lying upon the ground, and the fence has presented a most disgraceful appearance, and there is but little of the railing left to guard against horses crossing over the footpath, and falling into the harbor. 1 TABLE CAFE A correspondent at Table Cape 1 informs us that Mr. Murray Burgess visited that district early in the month, in his capacity i of Inspector of Schools. He gave a reading on the night of the 5th inst., in the court house, j selecting Dickens' "Christmas Carol." There was a crowded audience, and the entertainment was much enjoyed by all present. CITY IMPROVEMENTS The paving of the leading streets of the city has been already ¡ commenced, and workmen are now engaged at the corner of Collins and Elizabeth streets, in front of Hutton's ironmongery warehouse. We , presume that the whole work contemplated in the report of the Finance Committee of the Municipal Corporation will be proceeded with without delay. THEATRE ROYAL. will be seen by a reference to our advertising columns that on Monday " evening the Theatre Royal is to be opened by Mr. Spiller for the purpose of a dramatic enter- at tainment, in which he will be assisted by the 3 members of the G. V. B. Club. The pieces 3 announced are the sensation drama of " Descart, . the French Buccaneer," and the farce of a " Barney the Baron with an interlude of dancing and gymnastics by amateurs. CRICKET. - A match will be played on the S.T.C.A. ground to-day, between an eleven of the Break o' Day Club, and a like number of the ' military. Wickets to be pitched at half-past 10 1 o'clock sharp. The following are the Break o' r Day eleven 9-0. Butler, E. Butler, H. Best, P W. Birch, Cuthbert, H. Dobson, C. Maxwell, J. P Murphy, Newton, F. Pedder, and W. J. J. Reynold!. ; ' CARRIAGE ACCIDENT.-On Thursday afternoon 1 about 1 o'clock, as Dr. Brooke was being driven by his servant along Macquarie-street in his carriage, when nearly opposite the Van Diemen's 1 Laud Bank, the rein by some accident got under I the horse's tail, and the animal taking fright . bolted turning the corner of Argyle-street sharply, and running into a baker's cart, standing in front of the shop of Mr. Hampden, gunsmith. During ; this momentary stoppage the doctor jumped out, having first cleared the reins. The animal was off again in an instant, but Dr. Brooke held firm hold of the ribbons, and when near the corner of Collins-street, a man ran up to the animal > causing him to swerve, when Dr. Brook got hold of his head, and he was soon stopped. For tunately no other injury was done than the fracture of a board in the back of the baker's cart. CRICKET-The return match between the Ross and Oatlands clubs will be played on the J Ross ground on Wednesday, the 16th inst. of Wickets to be pitched at 10 a.m. sharp. A good and exciting match is anticipated. The follow . ing are the Ross eleven J. Bayles, (captain) . W. Kermode, R. Pitt, R. Kermode, F. Gordon, B Farrar, H. Smith, - Crellin, H. Westbrook, ( J. Cramp, and H. Headlam. > i KANGAROO POINT MISSION CHAPELS lecture is to be delivered at the Bellerive Social Institute on Tuesday evening, 14th April, by the 1 Revd. J. W. Simmons. The subject announced is " Reminiscences of the town of Newton-and of Cowper." The hon. P. O. Fysh, Esq., M.L.C., will preside on the occasion, and a collection is to be made at the close of the proceedings towards liquidating the debt incurred in improving r the chapel. > t MARINERS' CHURCH. - The service at the i Mariners' Church to- morrow afternoon will be conducted by the Rev. Mr. Nye. < CRICKET-The return match between the i Albert and Brighton Clubs will be played on Monday next, on the upper cricket ground. Wickets to be pitched at 10 o'clock sharp. The following are the respective elevens Albert, ? G. H. Birch, A. J. Chapman, H. B. Chapman, J. ! Cuthbert, J. W. Dodds, J. F. Flexmore, G. i Griffiths, W. Hanson, H. Propsting, P. E. Rey a noddy, and R. Walslie.-Brighton,-E. Blacklow, J. Cavoy.R. Finlay, E. Goodwin, F. H Haskell, , R. Kemp, E. Paine, E. Reynolds, T. Sheen, J. Tonks, and H. Wheatley. a LETTERS posted on Thursday insufficiently stamped W. Barnett, Esq., Clifton House, New Norfolk ; Captain Groves, Kangaroo Point ; George Youl, Esq., Sandy Bay ; Stephen Hughes, Esq., New Town ; Major Fanning, New Town. REMARKABLE BETTING TRANSACTION For several days there has been some gossip in Preston with regard to a most extraordinary bargain or wager as to the purchase of a horse. It appears that two young Preston gentlemen, of good position and ample fortune, but given lately to considerable speculation, began one day to discuss sporting matters ; they commented upon the merits of noted racers and their progeny, and at last the celebrated animal " Stockwell," his various achievements, and those of his colts and fillies, became the subject of conversation. By and by one of the gentlemen stated that he would give £20,000 for "Stockwell" if his friend could obtain possession of him within a certain time, but that if he failed to do so he must forfeit £2,000. The challenge was accepted, and the gentleman who had the task of obtaining possession of "Stockwell" before him at once communicated with a local owner of racehorses. Negotiations were commenced for the purchase of "Stockwell," and it eventually became the property of the Preston gentleman for £10,000 not too large an amount, many disciples of the turf would say, seeing that the earnings of "Stockwell" as a stud horse have for many years, it is said, been £7,000 to £8,000 per annum. When this bargain was completed the gentleman who had offered the £2000 began to alter his mind, and solicitors were called in to arrange matters for him. A considerable sum was offered in the shape of " smart money," and we understand it has been accepted, ' i 