FENIAJTBM or HOKTUEA.—State of pnblic feeling.—The Wat Coast Timet of tbe 28th nit., after mentioning that Father Larkm, Mr. Manning fof the Grfi), Mr Melody, Mr Clarice, and Mr Barrett, were in gaol, on charges which tfonld be heard on the following day in the Resident Magistrates' Conrt, says :—" The Celt office was last evening taken possession of by the police, and searched for papers. The Bev. Mr Tarkin hag been deposed from his position as a priest of the Homan Catholic Church in Westlaod, on the ground principally of his sedetions intermeddling with politics. An ecclesiastic arrived from Wellington, charged with powers to assume the pastoral functions hitherto exercised by the 'renegade priest' Unpwards of a hundred and fifty men from the Hau Ban came into town last night, for.purpose of being sworn in as special constables, for the maintenance of the Queen's authority and public peace. The special constable oath will be anministered to them this morning, at the Police Camp." On the night of the 26th—a rumor that- the Fenians would make a movement that night being in circulation—626 special constables turned out for the defence of the city, which was divided into districts and placed in their care. The theatre was opened, not far the usual performances, but for the holding of B gathering for the expression of the loyal feelings of the community. The mayor presided, and very spirited addresses were made. A meeting had been previously held (on the 25th tilt.), at the Opera House, at which 2,000 persons were present, who were addressed in a vigorous speech, by Mr Gilles. In the evening there were loyal processions and illuminations.' A GHOST IN GRASS TAIXET.—The Grass Valley Ncebwnal relates the following, as occurring in that place a few evenings since:—A party of gentlemen were enjoying themselves in conversation in a private house, when one of thoEe present observed an appearance of a man. Calling the attention of a gentleman to it, he instantly recognised the appearance as that of his father, who had been dead for years, and seemingly, on being recognised, the vision approached, placed one hand upon the shoulder and with the other seemed to grasp his hand, after which, pointing one hand upward, he was seen no more. We give currency to this, leaving those who do Dot attribute all such operations to the power of imagination, to make such comments as they deem fit, vouching in the meantime for the sincerity and integrity of the individual who affirms selemnly that what we liave written of the occurrence is substantially the truth. F AD VASNSEMEKT). — Hoiloway'S Ointment and Fills.—Glad Tidinga.—Some constitutions have ft tendency to rheumatism, and are throughout the year bome down by Its protracted tortures. Let Buck Fuffc rere bathe the affected parts with TV arm Lrine, and afterwards rub in this soothing Ointment. They will find it the best means of lessening their agony, and, assisted by Hoiloway's Pills, the sorest way of overcoming their disease. Blorie need not be said than to request a few days' trial of this safe and soothing treatment, by which the disease will ultimately be completely swept away. Pains that would make giants shudder axe assuaged without difficulty by Holloway's easy and inexpensive remedies, which comfort by moderating the 