DAILY ISSUE. TUESDAY, 14in JANUARY, 1868. NEWS AND NOTES. The R.M.S. Bombay, with the November mails from Europe, arrived at the Heads at half-past two o'clock on Monday morning, and reached Hobnon's Bay at half- paat five. Ia the supplement to this day's issue will be found the more important por tions of the English news. MrLongmore hRB. been returned for Ripon and Hampden without opposition. A local paper says that Messrs Byrne, Love, Colin Campbell, D. Blair, Pascoe, and Shackell will be nominated for Crowlands. A man named Patrick Dwyer was yesterday conveyed from Gtelong to Bullarat, charged with stealing a valuable dog, the property of Mr Charles Foreman. The prisoner who will be brought up this morning at the police-court, it appears, had just been released from undergoing a month's imprison mtut for Isrceny. Yesterday afternoon a horee attached to a buggy became restive in Armstrong street, and baring broken loose from its tether, dashed furiously down ia the direction of Sturt sireet. Constable Wolfe who was in the neighborhood, seeing the animal galloping past rushed forward, and with considerable presence of mind and fortitude succeeded in arresting its course. Fortunately there was no per600 in the vebiclo or the consequences might have been serious. A meetiDg of the Caledonian ball committee was held last evening at tho Edinburgh Cattle hotel, Mr Lorimer in the chair. It was arranged that a number of gentlemen should be asked to act as stewards on the occasion, and that tho ball should be held oa the 14th. February nest. A meeting of gentlemen taking an interest ia tho annual races held on the Miners' Racecourse will be held at Cherry's Victoria hotel, Armstrong street, this evening. A large attendance ia expected, and it is probable that this agreeable meeting will be as successful as on previous occasions. On Monday evening the half-yearly meeting of Court Western, No, 3512, A.O.F,, was held at tho Union hotel, when the following officers were elected viz.,—Br W. Bignell, C.B.; Br W. Rees, S.C.R.; Br James Worth, S.W.W-; Br J. C. North, J.W.W; Br White, 3.B.; Br M'Douough, J.B. Dr Butler was eloctea as surgeon. The answer of H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh to the address presented by the Foresters of the Ballarat District was read. Br Bell was re-elected as secretary to the Court, and Br T. Nichollfl aB treasurer. If any person from the country where the thistle and thegowan have been made poetically classio wishes to see auld Scotia's national flower in admira ble fettle and lovingly cared for we commend such person to a peep into a little enclosure j ust opposite to the side entrance to the Mining Board room. There, snugly fenced io, and all alone in its proud glory of five feet in height, with a whole window to be looked at through, and nothing else to divide the looker's interest a real stout flourishing nemopte, &c; , will be seen bearding the anti-thistle statutes in tbo very centre of the seat of local executive authority. A wag B3'ys it is a private speculation of a Scotch sub- registrar who, in moments of relaxation from office routine, runs to the little enclosure to refresh himself with visions of " auld Jang syne," and thus eaves himself from absolute homesickness upon tbo principle of the homasopathists. A saddle, bridle, and martingale, and a pair of buggy reins were stolen on Sunday night from tho stable of the Mount Blowhard hotel. A man who stated that ho was a Sydoay native, is suspected to be the thief, he having been allowed to Bleep in the stablo on the night referred to, and having decamped before the people of the house were stirring. A bag which contaiDod some bran had been emptied, evi dently with the intention of putting the things in for concealment, and also for convenience in carrying them. A piece of the reins was found on th? follow ing morning at the end of the paddock nearest the house. Constable O'ShanRSsy, of Creswick, has gone in pursuit of the suspected individual. Sites hava been temporarily reserved from salo at Ballan and Stieglitz, for Church of England and re creative purposes respectively. Tbe first festive gathering of the men of Fife in Ballarat was held on Monday evening at the Edin burgh Castle hotel. About Bixty gentlemen sat down to dinner; Mr Andrew Anderson presided; Messrs Troup and A. Carmichael occupied the vice chairs. The cloth being removed, the chairman proposed the health of the Queen and the Gover. nor, which was received with enthusiasm. The chairman then, in an eloquent speech proposed " The Land o' Cakeo, and tho Kingdom of Fife," which was responded to in glowing terms by the respective vice- chairmen. In reply to the toast of the mining interest, Mr Copeland went into a history of the mining concerns of Ballarat, and exonerated the men of the Corner from the aspersions caBt upon their character by certain journals, and endeavored to prote that it wao quite compatible to have regard to the interests of the community generally, and at the same time Beek to reaiisa a fortune by judicious speculation in mining concerns. Several other toasts were given and responded to,—the proceedings, w'jich were diversified by Borne musical efforts, being brought to a close at an advanced hour of the morning. A series of wrestling matches at the Scotchman's Arms hotel, Golden Point, were brought to a conclu sion on Saturday evening. They had occasioned conuderable interest in the neighborhood and drew a very large attendance. The first prize, which con sisted of the champion cup and £4, was won by Wm. Richards; 2nd, William Northey; 3rd, Richard Green; and 4th, Richard Wcrron. Judgment was given by tho warden oa Monday in favor of the plaintiffs in the caBe Doylo v Graham (Band of Hope Company) finding that the ground had been forfeited. The plaintiffs' costs were taxed at £137 Is 6d. With the power to give costs the business of the court does not get less, but of late seems rather to have increased. An adjudication of forfeiture wss also^made against the Australasian Company, Sebastopol, How flatteringly the journal of the " peoples Go vernment" judges the people when tho people do not shout the Government shibboleth will be seen from the following paragraph in the Age, relative to Mr Duffy's speech at Kynetou:—He carefully avoided all allusion to the Duke of Buckingham's despatches, however, and contrived very skilfully to ignore their existence, and hoodwink his attdiinct, who awarded him a vote of confidence." We have italicised the compliment, and readers of Mr Duffy's speech will be able very well to appraise the virtue of the Age towards the Opposition and the people. Joe the bellman having, like other fashionables, returned from the European tour, performed on Monday the sonorouB ceremony tf ringing himself into practice again as a public crier. Like other fashionables also, Joe has got rid of tho shining black "bell" and has donned a white one like the Prince's (at a distance), but illuminated with a white calico band. The following paragraph extracted from an English journal relates to Captain Trenerry, 7th Hussars, uncle of Mr Edwin Trenerry, director in the Band of Hope and Koh-i-Noor Companies, Bal larat:—"A melancholy and fatal accident occurred to Captain Trenerry, of Petty France, on the 30th October. He had on that morning cleaned his re volver containing five chambers, all loaded, and when in the act of replacing it in its case, one cham ber exploded, and the ball passed through his head. Mrs Trenerry was about to leave the room when the accident happened. She immediately called for as sistance, but life was quite extinct. An inquest was held on the 1st instant, at Petty France, before W, Gaisford, Esq, coroner, and a highly respectable jury, of which Mr Allen Goulter, of Hawkesbury, was the foreman, when a verdict of 'Accidental death' was returned. The funeral took place on Tuesday, at Little Badmington. Mrs Tren erry, the brother, and the nephew of the deceased, were chief mourners, followed by their Graces the Duke and Duchess of Beaufort (who, with that kind ness for which they are so eminently distinguished, joined the melancholy cortege on its arrival at the churchyard), J. C. Wickham, Esq., Tetbury; J. Trenfleld, Esq., Chipping Sodbury; Sergt.-Major Weare, Badminton; and Messrs Rich, Willsley, W. H. Williams, Dodington; and F. Frankcom, Little Badminton. The funeral service was most impres sively performed by the Rev. J. Buckley, vicar of Badminton, assieted by tho Rev. W. H. Bootbby, vicar of Hawkesbury." In bisj address to the electors of Dalhousie at Kyneton on Saturday, Mr Duffy gave an explanation of the re jection of the last Supply Biil by the Coun cil, whicU shows clearly the little regard Ministers have for either law or practice. He said—•" When [im rtieo"1"'*-- -£ n--)'—hob ucictuilDOd QpOOj Ministers introduced a supply bill to obtain' money for the public service duriog tbe interval tili Parlia ment re-assembled, and Mr M'Culloch complains that it did not pass. But this bill departed in tbe moBt important particular.from the practice at home. In England, when Parliament is unexpectedly dis solved, tbe praotice has. been to pass such a bill, but it always contained a schedule specifying in items the purposes to which the money was to be applied. And our two Houses had recently agreed to strictly follow the Imperial practice in bills of this character; but the Government positively refused to add a sche dule specifying the purposes to which the money would bo applied. Why did they refuse? For the childish reason that this schedule could not include the Darling vote, as they were pledged not ,to pay it out of this money; but though they were fo pledged their opponents fortooth must not have tbe triumph of seeing this promise secured by law. Probably since parliaments first existed their law. or practice was never violated for bo absurd a reason." The Ministry is blessed with some creditable (sup porters. In addressing the electors of South Grant at Stieglitz, Mr Cunningham said with reference to the Darling grant—"If the Assembly dragged tbe devil oat of hell an 1 chose to give bim a pension of £50,000, he maintained they could do it." The following appears io the Folios Qaccili of this week, under date 8th inst.:—"The evidence of — Harnett and his wife is required against Rule ond Oates, charged with the murder of James MarsdeD, at Ballarat. Harnett is aged about forty-fivo, rather grey hair and whiskers, shabby appearance; wore dark coat, dark tweed trousers, and stiff black hat. His wife is aged about thirty- five, medium height, dark brown bair, deformed about the face with scurvy, &c.; They are accompanied by a boy about six years old and a child in armB. They stated they were on the way from Geelong to Avoca, bnt talked of going to Smythesdale or Scartdale, They left Ballarat on foot 14th December." At a meeting of the Town Council of Sydney, on tbe 7th inst., tbe following motion waB adopted after an exciting debate, ia which eome strong pereonali lies were bandied about:—" That, in the opinion of tbis council, it ia desirable that all future elections of mayor lor the city should be by the votes of the citizens, in the manner prescribed for the election of aldermen, the mayor to be chosen from the oldurmen; and that a petition be forwarded to Parliament with a view to the measure being adopted during the pre sent session." We,are glad to Iearfi that the weat-preEerving company ia likely to obtain without difficulty the capital it requires. Applications for shares continue to flow in tts3di!y, and at the present rate of pro gress the list will shortly be filled up. •Daring the past quarter the deputy registrar at Carogham had not a single death to record, though the average number of cases of mortality registered by him quarterly is about eight, and sometimes it has been bo high as fifteen. The district is a tolera bly large one, comprising Mount Emu, Chepstowe, Preston Sill, Coffee Hill, Cottle Hill, Snake Valley, and Madden'a Fiat. The Bhip Antiope on Friday evening last was the scene of gaiety and delight. Shej ia a magnificent iron clipper, with handsome saloon, and bronght out a large number of passengers. She ia tho property of J. Heap and Co, of Liverpool, and is fitted up for the rice trade. Messrs DickBoo, Williams, and Co. and Captain Withers gave a grand dress ball to aboat a hundred and twenty friend*. A special train was provided to take the guests from the Flinders street station to the Sandridge pier, where the ship was moored, and gaily dressed in honor of the eTent. Dancing took place between decks, wbioh was cleared out and decorated with flags, evergreens, aod flower?, and was lighted with candles set ail round tho ship's sides, with reflectors at the back. Dancing was com menced about nine o'clock, and continued until nearly one o'clock, when an adjournment toik placo to supper, which was excellent. There were a few toasts drank, such as "Success to the Thames and Mersey Line," which was responded to by Mr Dick son, who proposed the health of Captain Withers. Dancing was resumed and continued till about three a.m., when the guests left delighted with their en tertainment. About fifty gentlemen attended at the Ann Btreet Pier, Williamstown, on Saturday, to witness the illustration of Mr Dahlke'a newly-introduced system of rendering salt water drinkable by means of fil tration only. Several buckets were passed through the apparatus and came out quite fre3h. Most of the spectators tasted it and pronounced it good. At the Melbourne Police Court, on Saturday, Archibald Waidrop surrendered to his bail to answer the charge preferred against iim by Mr Charles Le Cren, of obtaining a valuable security from the Alliance Building Society under false pre tences. By consent, the prisoner was remanded until the 17th inst, bail being accepted for his ap pearance in two sureties of £200 each. Mr Montgomery's readings in tho Alfred Hall on Monday evening, in aid of the building fund of tho Victoria Temperance Hall were patronised by a largo audience. We have not been able to ascertain tbo number from tho ticket- takers, but we estimate the number of persons present at from 1500 to 2000. Assuming the former number to be correct, and the classification of prices about equal, tho house last night would represent between £180 and £190. We presume, at any rate, that the entertainment has been already a success in a pecuniary sense. As to its success as an elocutionary treat it is hardly neces sary for us to say that the programme was given with all Mr Montgomery's alternating power of humor and pithos. The selections given were thoso read before Prince Alfred at St, George's Hall in Mel bourne, and they had been presented by Mr Mont gomery before Ballarat audiences on a previous occa siou. That they should therefore attract so large an audience again is a more convincing proof of the effectiveness of this capable master of elocution than anything in the way ol eulogy wa can give. The programme comprised " The Seven Ages of Man," "The Fall of Wolsey," " Hamlet's Soliloquy," " The Churchyard Scene " in Hamlet, " Tho Ball's," " Tom Noddy," "Bridge of Sighs,'1 "Little Jim," and "Shanws O'Brion." Mr Montgomery interpolated. Hood's-' Mary'o Ghost," which mide a merry and welcome addition to the list of selections. A plat form had been crected in front of the dais, and at an elevation of tenor twelve feet above the hall floor, so that the whole audience had an excellent view of the reciter, and we are glad to be able to add tha; the whole audience had also a satisfactory hearing of the reciter's renderings. We tested the matter in all parts of the ball, and in the gallery, as elsewhere, the ear easily caught every syllable Mr Montgomery uttered. The experiment thus made as to the capacity of the hall for sound in the hands of a master of bis art, may be eaid to have been triumph antly made by Mr Montgomery on tbis occa sion. Whether it wos the ringing of "The Bills" or the low wail of " Little Jim," or the gentle pathos of " The Bridge of Sighs," or the humor of " Shamua O'Brien," or any other of the items of the delightful programme, the moist distant listener in the large area could hear and feel the force of the speaker's art. Mr Montgomery took wise care to urge upon the doorkeepers to lot no visitors in save during the intervals between each piece, but still he bad to oon tend against yelping dogs and a row from the brass bind of the Rangers. Even these, however, were, by the kind offices of the Mayor of Ballarat and aome other gentlemen, put to silence; aod Mr Manly, tho Btation master at the terminus, had kindly arranged to keep the iron horses on the railway as quiet as possiblo. All these little things show at the same time a weak place In the hall as a place for what Mr Montgomery last night aptly called " delicate elocu tion." Still, only a little management ia required to make even these things all right, as they were eventually made last niglit, and will, no doubt, be yet more effectually provided for this evening. There is an excellent treat provided for this evening, as will be gathered from the appended programme and we may Bay, in conclusion, that tliis is the last of Mr Montgomery's recitals on this occasion. The programme for this evening is as follows:—Poloniua' Advice to his Son—Hamlet; the Dream of Clarence —Richard 3rd; Queen Mab—Romeo and Juliet; Hubert and Arthur—King John; The Raven—Poe; To My Son—Hood; Home at Last (writ'en expressly for Mr Montgomery by present Tom Hood); Lady Godiva—Tennyson; New Comic Tale in Verse (Mr and Mrs Smith at Home); The Light Brigade— Tennyson; and by special request, Tne Bills. The district coroner on Monday held an inquest upon the body of Clara M'Donald, a child aged two years, who, on the previous Thursday, had been admitted to the Ballarat District Hospital in conse quence of having accidentally fallen into a tub of hot water, thereby causing such serious injuries as terminated in her death the day following. From the evidence adduced it appeared that the mother of the deceased had, on the day mentioned, lifted a vessel containing boiling water from the fire the child et9nding by her at the time The mother turned away to attend to some business and during her absence the child fell into the water and was scalded so fearfully that death supervened in less than twenty-four hours afterwards. A verdict was returned in accordance with the facts. At a meeting of the Ballarat Cricket Club, held on Monday, it was resolvad to accept the chal lenge of the Evening Star Club to play on Saturday, 18th andSatutday 25th January. The following name3 were selected out of which the B. C. C. team will bo chosea on Wednesday next:—Messrs D. Sweeney, T. Morres, E. Morres,S. T. Clissold, J.Cox, J. Hirst, E. Watson, Bennct. Scates, J. Oldham, W. Oldham. Murray, Kipps, Cazaly, and Gay. It was also deter mined, if found practicable, to play matches at Castle maine and Sandhurst, on 31st January and 1st Feb ruary respectively. The M. 4. Hail says: —" Wo regret to hear that Captain Harrison, who arrived here on Saturday and proposed canvassing the diBtrict preparatory to the forthcoming elections, was yesterday morning whilst in church taken suddenly ill, and is in such a pre carious state ai to make it very doubtful if his health will bo sufficiently restored to enable him to go through the fatigues of a canvass.'' At the Theatre Royal last evening the programme of Saturday night was repeated and drew a tolerably crowded housa. notwithstanding the counter attrac tions presented by air Jiuntgumcij-u Alfred Hall. 