Bickens'® Latest Story. \\\ ¿ v.flo THBOUGrHFÁREr Br OnintB« DICKERS' **o WIXMB COLLTX-. j BIIIO TOB IITBl OORUTMiH XUMBKX OF ALL TBS THAR ',' BODKB. < ; " Nothing," obierved Wilding. óan he olearor. ) 1 ' '.' roly wMr'ray head were as elear as youie, .Mr. y. Blotrey," . i" .««If jen f-sl tbak singing in it oora'ng on," hinted ' ' tba lawyer, with an »Immod glance, " pat it off-1 ' mein the interview." Not at all, I thasfc Ton." said Wilding " What was I going; lo--" i " Don't excito joutself, Mr. Wilding." arged tho lawyer." ' ' ! Not I wasn't roins t*." eaid the wine-merchant. "Mr. Binttey and George Verdi c, wonM you haye anr heaitatiou or ol Jeclloa to rwKomemv Joint trustees and executors, oroanyoi at ont» oonmLt?' \ ? I conaeat," roplied George Veñ «leieadlly. "I consent." faiJ Bintrey, not io rradily. ^? '.'Ihank jon both. Mr. B nt-er, my instructions for my laat.wi 1 and testament are «hort and plain. Perhaps TOÓ will row have tho coodacaa to take to em down. I leave the whole of my roil ««d' personal ' ejtate without any exception or rerorrátion whatsyer, to jon two, my j ¡nt irnslees and. execnuvs, intrart to pay'cver the whole to tho true ^Waller Wl'dinp, if ?? ha abai) bo ftnn-1 and iden ifled with'u two year« after tb« day. of my death. Failing that, in :(trn«t to you two to poy oier th«' whole ii a benefaction and legacy to the Foundling Hospital." "Those are' all ..tour instructions, ara thoy Mr. Wilding r> demanded Binlrey, after a Wauk stlenoe, during which noboJy locked at anybody. « Tho'wbole'" " And as to those iostroationa, yon hare absolatsly made up yiar miad, Mr. vVHdinp; t" " Absolut; ly. dtcido llv, Oenlly." ' ' . " lt only rem»ln",,r's»id tbclawjor, with ono throg of hi», shoulder*, " to got t'iom into technical and bind- ing form, and to txcou to «nd attest. Now, roes tbat piesse? Is thoro'any burry about Ul Yon are not aoinn to die yt I, sir." .. Mr. Bfntrey," answered Wilding, gravely, " whan '' I am go'ng lo dial's wi hin oller knowledge than Toora : ormior. 1 »hall ba glad to have this matter ott my mind, IÇyoo please.'' ,V " We ar* lawyer and orient again," rejoined Bintrer, who, for the nonce,,had broome almost BJ m pat hr tie. «»If tMe day week-tere, at tho ssroe hour-will «nit Mr. Vendale and'yourself, I "ill enter in my Diary that I & tend you aooordingly." » The nppointmetit w's made, and in dna sequence kept. The will was formally signed, sealed, delivered, and witnessed., and waa oarried off ny Mr. Bin trey for safe atorage among the papera bf bis client, ranted in their respective iron boxes, «¡tb their renptotire owners' Dames outside, on. ¡rori tieri in bis consulting ' room, aa If that leiral ainataár; were a condensed ; Family Vault of Oliente. With more heart than hs hil lately had for former subj »ct« of interest Wilding then set absnt completing bis p» triare'al establishment, bol ni; much aailated, notonly by Mrs. Goldatraw but by Vead«la too; who. perhaps, had in his mind (he giving of aa Obenre'ier dinner as Soon as comible. Anytrnw, tha establish ' meet bains; reported in ssnnd working order, the Oban» retaers, G nani ian and Ward, ware asked todinner, and Madame Dor" wan iuoladed in the imitation. Il Ven \ dato hid been over hatd and ca-s In loro before - « ' phraie net'to be taken as Implying the faintest doubt »beut it-thia dinner plnn;ed him down in love ten ' thooannd fathoms deep. Yet, for the lifa of biro, he could not get one word alone with charming Margue . rite. Bo sorely as a bli sied miment seemed to ontne, . Obenreizer, In bis filmy state, would stand at Ven dale's elbow, or the' broad haok of Mídame D-ir would appear beforo his eyes. That speechless matron was caver reen in a front view, from the moment of her arrival to that of her depirture--except at dinner. And from tb* instant of her retirement to tba drawing room, after a hearty par.ioipation in that meal, she torned her lace to (tie wall again. Yet, through four or five delightful though distract- ing hours, Mar^oerl'e was to be seen, Marguerite was to bo heard, Marguerite waa to be occaiiooal y ' touched. Whan tb er made the round of the old dark cellars, Vendale led her by tho hand; when she sang to him ia the lighted room at night, Vendale «landing b/her, held her relinqoiibed gloves, and would ba-e bartered against them every drop of the foi ly-Uie year ; old," tbongh it bad beeo lorty-fl'o times fort; -Uve years old," and ita not pr'oe forty.lve pounds per ' dosbn. : And still, when «ha wa« gone, and a jgrjat gip, ?of <io extingnlshfr was clapped on Cripple Garner, bo \- tormented himself by wandering, Did abe think that ho admired her f - Did she suspect that eba had: won him', heart and loni I. , Did abe ciro to think at all, 'aboutit! And so,1 Did ahe and Dldu't abe, up andi down the'gamut," and -aboye' the line "sod below the] ' line,'dear,-dear 1 ? Poor icatleia heart of hurnanitj I Toi thins-that tb» men who wera mommies thousands of years ago did the same, and OTir found the Beerst how 1 to bvOnlèt after it I ' " What do you think, George." Wilding a.?ked him the next day. '" of Mr. Obenreizer? (I won't ask yon what yon think of M'as Obenreizer f"j ' "1 doh't know," aiid Vendale, "andi never did know v hat to think of him." "Ho Is well informed and élever," said Wilding, " Certainly o'ever.'* V " A good musician," ((fe bad played very well, » 'and sang very well, overnight.) ' " Dnqneitloiably a good musiolaa." ' .< And talks wall." " Yes," aaid George Vendale, ruminating, " and ' talks well. Do von know,' Wilding, it oddly ecoara to rae, aa I think about bim, that be doesn't keep silence well." . "Ho» do jeu mean? He li notobtrusively tal kat ve." - - ; _ .' A'o, and . I don't-mean that Bot wheo hals silent, you can ' hardly holp vaguely, though perhaps most unjustly, mlstrosting bim. Take people' »bom yoi know and like. Take any oie you know and like." . .« Soon dose, my good fallow," «aid Wilding. "I ta ko yon." i " I didn't bargain for that,'or foresee it," relurord Vendale, liogliiog. " However, take me. B*fleot for a moment. - ls year approving knowledge of my inte- resting; face mainly' fonnded (however varion* tbs mo« mentary expreiaions it losy isolnd.) on my face »loa I am silent 1' ,' »I think lt li'" said Wilding, v ,. V l tbink so toó.' Noir,'/ou ase, when Óbenrelsar àpeàka-lu otbor words, when he ls allowed to expíalo hlrosílfá-nv-bo comes oat right encash; but when ba has not the opportunity bf explaining' himself away, be comes oat rather wrong. -? Therefore it ls, that I gay'he doia not keep silenao well. And rinsing hastily In rorie» suoh faces as I know, and don't trust, I am inclined to think, now I give my mind to. it, that nona of them keep »ilenoo woll,1' i This proposition in Thyslôgnomy being new "to Wilding, he Was at first slow to adroit lt, not il »«king himself: the' question whether Mrs Qoldatraw kept sllrnoe well, and remembering that her faoj lu repose; decidedly invited . trustfulness, ho w.-a as glad ai men uenilly a.e to believe whit they desire to believe. ' ; '?. "jv''. "[ ' But, aa he was very alow to regain-»bis aph Ila Or- bis btalth, his par ner. ai another meses of setting him np-and perhaps alto wlth'fontingeiit Obctirela-r views-reminded "him of those musical aches ea of his In conaeoHon with his family, and how a singing class was to be formed In* the housa, .and a obolr in a neigh, bourtng church, The ola's was established speedily, ? and two or threa of tho people having already s me maaleal knowledge, and , singing tolerably, the Ohtir. . roan followed. TheMterwas led and ob I« fly taught, . by'.Wilding himself | who had. hopes of converting hi« dependents Into so m my Foundlings, la reipeot of t^elroapaclty to »lng sacred chorases, ; Now, the Oboarelae'rs being skilled musicians, tt was easily bro íght to pm that they should be asked tojoln) theee m-alol ualons. Qnsrdlaa and Ward consenting, or «Guardian emsentlng for both, lt WJS necessarily brought topais thal Vendóles life bf o »rae a Ufa of absolute thraldom'aad ènohantoeet. For InUbe-mouldy Christopher-Wren olmich on Sunday,' with h|s dearly h'loved brethren atiera bl«d nnd mot together, fl'r-Vnd'twenty. itrong, was not that Her volo« that'shot like light Into Uo.duk st place-, thrilling the walla'ind pillars ai thnouh they were pieces ofbI<fie«rt I Whit timo; too, Mafame Dor in aeons' of th' blu,h pew, tdrnlnor her bsck U|ion everybody, »nd everything,- could not fail to be Bltnallstletlly right at sams moment of the servios ; like the ' man'wbam .tho iioctors recommended taget . drunk once' a, month, and who, that he might not overlook lt, got drank ovary day, :; JBut; even lbo»e icrapMa 'Sundays weresnrpaasrd by tko; Wednesday concerts edabllihed fir ins pat rlarebal fatally. At those concorla "she would (lt down to tba plano and sing them, in her own tongas, longaofLr own land, tongi "cailliTg fron" tho mountaln-topa to .Vandale, " Ri«e-above the. grovelling level country; come far away fr:>m the crowd; pursoe me «si mount h'ghtr, higher, h!«hir, mel tl »ir Into tba «care dlitinoai lias to my suprsmo.t hilghtofall, and 1 ()»(.; mB-haroJ''.. .Tbett- woalil _tbB_pretly._bodice, the clocked »tceking, »nd the Bllver.buokléd sbóe be, like he broad ftrebea'l and the bright .eye», frautht with Ithe »pring of a very ehamtvla, no til lbs strain waa over. -Not even over Vendale himself did the'e »nnga ot hers oa«t a more potent »pell thoo orcr Joey Ladlo ia his different way. Stsndily refusing to mn Idle the harmony by takiug any abare in i', aud evlnoing tho appromest contempt fur scales and such like rndimei.ts iif mnsic-Abioh, indeed, seldom captivate mere listeners-Joey did at fl ist give np tho whole busi- ness for a bad'job, and the whole ot the ptrfurmcrs fur a sst of howling Dervishes. Bat, desorying linoel pl nnmnddlid haimony io a part-song one day, he gave hU twa under-coll irmen faint hopes of g tting ou to warda something in con IBO of lime. An »nth m of Haldol a Ind io farther tnooaragement from him though he objsoted that that great musician muair have bsen down in seme of them foroiin oelltra pr-it' muoh, for to,ge and ray the same thinif so many tims» over; whloh', took it in bow you might, he considered a cerlaln algn of y nr having took it in somehow. On » thi-d occasion, the pnbllo appoaranco of Mr. Jarvis with a Bute, and of an o ld nun with a v-o in, nd the performanos ol a duit by tho two, did »o astonish him that, polely of his own impolie and motion, be heenras insp'red with tho wo.-ds, "Ann Koar I*' repeatedly prononnoing tbsm as if adling in a familiar manner tor some lady who bad distinguished herself in the orchestra. ' lint this wss his ßnal to.tt mony to the merla of bia mates, for, the instrumental dost, halag performed at the 6<st Widnesdny concert, and belog presently followed by the voice of Marguerite Obeareiaer, hesU'with his mouth wida open, entrnuced, until she had Cnishel ; when, risipg in his placo with muob solemnity, and prefacing whit hn was ahout to ?ay with a bow that areoially ino.n lol Hr. Wilding in it, he delivered blmeeir of the gratifying sentiment: .«Arter that,ye may all on jo get to bed I" And eter afterwards deollsed to render hom ige in any other wo- ds to the musical powers of the facail.r. 2 Thus began »»eaarate p-rsonal aeqsiÎHtanoe between M rguerlte Obecreizsr and Jooy Ladle. She laughed ao heartily at hil oomplimen', and jet Was so abashed by lt, that Joey made bjld to sBy to her, after th* oon< o»rt waa over, he boped ho wasn't so muddled in his head SB to bave took a liberty f She made him a griol ons reply, and Joey dtiókrd ii. return. '.You'll chango the look time abont, Miss,''said Joey duetting again, "It's auob as von in the place that Min bi lng round the luok of the place," " Omit Round tba IBO. !'' abe answered in her p etty Koallah, and with a wonder. "I fear I cfo not understand.'-i I am so stupid." . " Yoong Mailer Wildinsr, Miss," Jjey explained owfldentially, though not much to her enlightenments "ohanged thu luok, aforo b "* took ia' yoong Mater George. So I say, and ao that'll find. Lord! Only enroe inti the place and sing over the luok a fe* tirais. Miss, a- d lt won't be able lo help itself I" With this,' nnd with a whole brood of dooks, Jjey hacked ont of the presence. Bot Joey being a privileged renou, aadeven an iovolnntary eonqnost being plea,»nt to youth »nd beauty, Marguerite merrily looked out for him next time, "Where is my Mr. Joey, please 1" abe asked of Vendale. So Joey wai produced and shaken hands with, and that became an Institution. Another Jnsti'ution aroa« in tbia wire. Joey was a little hard of heiring. Ila himself said it was . " \V*ponrs,'*;ar.d perhaps it might have been ¡ but whatever tho canse of the effect, there tho effect was, upon bim. Oa thia first occasion he bad bten reen to sidle along tbe wall, with bia left bond lo bis left ear, nni.il he bad aidled himself into a seat pretty near the singer, lo. wfalob. place and position ho bail remained, nntil addressing to his f'rleudathe amateurs the compli- ment felore mentioned. It wasobaeived on tbs follow- ing Wednesday that Joey suction as a Packin'Maoblno waa impaired at diuner, and lt waa rumoured ab.nt the table that this was explainable by hi» hi«¡h-strong expectations of Miss Obsnrei-sr'a Binging,.and his fears of not getting a place where be ooald bear every note and syllable. The rumour reaabing Wilding's ears, ho in his eood nature called Josy to the .front nt night before Marguerite, began, Thus the Institution o»mo into being that on snoaeeding nlnbts, Marguerite, running her banda over the k»y's before singing, always said to Vendale. "Wbere is my Mr. Joey, please?" and that Vendale, always bronght him forth, «nd stationed him near by. That he aboold then, wben all eyes wera upon bim, express In bis faoe the utmost contempt for the eiertions of hil friends and ooufidsnce In Marguerite alone, whom be weald aland contem pliting, not unlike tho rhinoceroaontoF the spelling-book, tamed Bod t n his bind legs, waa a part of the lnstltu \- tlon. Also that when bo roms ¡ned af le,- tho sinning ; in his most ecatatio state, some bold spirit from tb» '. baok ahould «av, " What do yon think of il, Joey T" ; and be should'bo goad ol to reply, as haviug tba' ! instant eoncelved the report, "Arter that ye may all ! on ye get to bed !" These were other parts ot the I Institution. But, tbe simple pleasarea and small jests of Cripple Corner were not destined to have a long life. Under- lying them fran, the first wo* a serious matter, which every member of the patriarchal family knew of, bat whloh, by tacit agreement, all forebore to speak o'1. Mr.. Wilding's beslth w« in e. bid xt/ff. Ho might have overcome the sbooV ha had sustained in tbs one great affection of his life, or he might have overaome bis con ciousness of being in the enjoyment of another man's preperty ; but the t«o leg otter were too cauoh for bim. A mon bauntei by twin ghosts, he became deeply depressed. Tho inseparable spectres rat kt the boarJ with bim, ate from his plate, drank frito bis cop, and stood by bis beJsiJe at night. When, he recalled Ms < supposed mother's love, he felt ai though he had stolen il. When ba rallied a little under the respaot »nd attachment of his dependents, be felt at tbooght be were even fradulent in making them happy, lor that ahonld have been ths unknown man's duty and gratification. Gradually, under tbe pressure of his brooding mind, hi« body stooptd, bis step lost its elasticity, his eyes were seldom lifted fran t e ground. He knew he ooald not help the deplorable mistake that bad been made, bat be knew he oould not mend lt; for tbs dais and weeks went by, and to oneolained hla mme or bis possessions. And now there began to creep over him a oloody umecicuiness of often-recurring confusion in bia bead. ' Me would unaccountably lose, sometimes whole boura, sometime! a whole day and night. Onoe, hit remembrance stooped ai be sat at the dinner-table, and wai blank nntil daybreak. Ano.her time, it slopped as be vas beating time to their slnginir, and went on qgain when be and bis nartner were walking ia the court- yard bv tbe light of tho moon, half the ni «ht later. Ile asked Vendale (»lw»y»;fall of consideration, work, ind help) how thia wail Vendale rrplled, " Yoa havo not been quita well ; that s all " He looked for explana jtloo into the faoes ol hla people. Put they would pu; it off «¡tb, "Glad to aee you looking so muoh batter, s'rt" or "Hopo you're doing nicely now, slr;" in whloh was ns information at all, At length, when tbs partnership was bat five m milis old, Walter Wilding took to his bed, and bia honiekesr rr bsoame his norse, I " Lying here, perha>a voa will not mind myoalling you Bally, Mri. GoldatrawT" said the poor win« merchant. , ... ; " It sounds more nataral to rae, air, than any other name, iud I'lixe it better." ! "Th-nkyou, 8ally. I think, Sallv, I muit of late have been aubjeot to Uti, Istbat tb, Sil.yt Dou't mi»d telling rte now,", j " It has happened, air," ¡ " Ah l That ls the explanation I" ho quietly w marked. "Mr. Obsnreiaar, Sally talks of the word being so small that it Is not strange bo* often the .ame people come together, und come together at vari- ous stages of life. 'Bat it doe« Boom strange, Sallv. that I should, as I may, say, oems round to the Found- ling to dlr,'' . He extended hla hand lo her, and abe gently took lt. - * . * j ; -'Ton arenolgolog.to die, de»r Mr.. tVi dlng." t"So Mr." Bintrey ssld, but I think he wss wrong. Th» old oblld feeling |s oomlng haok upon me, Salir, ia comlnj hack upon me, Sally.: The old hush and rost as 1 med to fall asleep." ; After ari Intentai he «aid, ia a placid voice, '. Pleno kiss me, Kursa," and, it was evident, believed blruielf to be lying In the Dormitory. As ibo had been use! to bend orer the fatherleas and raolhorltss oblldron, Sully bent over the fatherless and motlierlois man, and pot her UPS to bis forehead, murmuring t , " Oed blest you J" 1 'Qed bl«« jco I ' he repllod, tn tbs same tone. . After another Interval, ho opened hil eyes In Ma own oharaoter, and addi "Don't move ¡ne,'.Kally, iMoauiedrwhaU am golugtoiayi I II« quite easily. I think my tlmj Is oeats, I don't know now it may appear to you,'8»1 ly, but-»»'." ! latenililllty fell upon kim for a few minutes j he emerged from lt once more, J "-I don't know how lt may appear to you, Sulk, hut»o lt appear! to me." I When lie had thus oobielentlouil v finished his favourlto enntehee, hi« lime came, and he dud, r ::';-"'-7'' 