í'CdíuDlCALS, I iFtom Smith, El\/ir and t'o.'s Circular for November.) Tur: leading quarterlies havte been published during 'clio month. The political article in the Edinburgh, entitled "The Session and its Sequel," displays much talent, and is suggestive d thought on the effects that will probably flow from, the lieform Bul of 1867. " Dangerous as jt might he,'' says the writer, " to attempt a .portraiture hy anticipation of the Reform Par- liament, we can hardly be wrong in giving an .opinion that it must be a* ambitious* and may he an impatient, and exacting Parliament. The picture tve have drawn seems to show that ?more strain is wanted for the engine of the »State ; and, to say nothing of the counties, the iprotound change that has been made in the borough franchise of itself suffices to warrant the belief that the atirtmlus will be supplied.1' As to the belief of Tory members that the country will overflow with gratitude to them for the reform nvhich has been extorted from their jeluctant \handb, the writer is of opinion that those who .adopt that belief have not rightly read the future. " The conduct of the Tories from 1831 to 1867 is conclusive that the Tories cannot lead the people, the majority of whom are Liberal." Fuither on, he says, " Could the Tory party ever have been induced by fair means to walk in the paths of Liberal principles, it would have been under the powerful and sagacious leader- ship of Wellington and Peel. The demonstra- tion in the negative then given was, we fear, given once for all. in their proceedings \- ot the present year the outward act an.il tho inward spirit have been in c ontinual and violent contrast, and every day )*as supplied indications of the horror with, wbibh that party held the Frankenstein whom Hheir leadeis lud evoked, and whom they had >only to dure and to obey." There are three ?other articles in the number of much present importance, viz., the papers on " Codification," "" '1 rades' Unions," and " The Amendment of the Anglican Rubric." A review of " The napoleon Correspondence," is a very inadequate and onesided comment on that wonderful col- lection of historical documents. The Quarterly discusses, " The Conservative Surrender," with a feeling that it is scarcely ?woith while to guess at results which experi- ence will soon reveal. The writer, however, seems to regard the future with dismay, .foreseeing the destruction of the Church .Establishment and other ancient institu- tions, and attributing much of this .danger to the apathy of his party. 'There are papers on " The Abyssinian Expedi- tion," "The French Retreat from Moscow," 41 TradcB' Unions," " Science in Schools," " Sir Henry Bulwer Lytton's Historical Cha lacters," and "Portraits of Christ." More remarkable than any of these is an article on " 1 he Talmud,"-that vast compilation which the ¡Saturday Review recently alluded to as " a sphinx towards which all men's eyes are directed at this hour with eager curiosity, or vague anxiety." The writer in the Quarterly has in some marvellous manner digested this vast body of Jewish learning 'into an article that is long, < though it does not seem so to the reader, giving us the fruits of long laborious train- ing, and deep personal research. He tells us what the Talmud is, " of the schools in which it grew, of the tribunals which judged it, of some of the men that set their seal on it," and then he speaks of its law, its metaphysics, and its moral philosophy, and quotes some of its j>roverbs, which last will deprive those who Jhave thought little of the Talmud of their con \ ceit. Perhaps (nay certainly) the most impor-, tant of all the questions alluded to by the writer is the relation of Christianity to the Talmud, of which we could not attempt to give an idea without occupying much space. The Fortnightly Eevieto opens with an able paper by Mr. H. Coneybeare on " The Future ol London Architecture." The great improve- ment advocated is the use of concrete instead of brick or stone in the erection of houses, by which means they would become literally monoliihic, while their façades would be deco- rated with glaeed tiles of any colour or pattern that might be desired : " Those who desire to witness to what a pitch of perfection this par- ticular description of construction can be carried, should visit the building at present in progress of erection at the corner of Rue Miremenel and Rue.de Naples in Paris, where every difficulty is not only met but fairly conquered. There are to be found monolithic ( foundation walls, flat-crown vaults, doors and ' windows, possessing aliie a delicacy of mould-, ing, with all the durability of rock itself.' ' The, article is replete with valuable hints of this kind, j Mr. Thornton discusses " The Rights of Capital." There is a.paper on " Physics and Politics," by Mr. Walter Bagehot ; one on' -u Culture," by Mr. .Frederick Harrison ;i ?on "Abyssinia," by Mr. Henry Kingsley,, and a fine poem entitled " The Halt before. Rome," by Mr. A. C. Swinbum. Thesei .-verses follow the picture of Italia, riser, dike a jsun upon Rome : Tho light of her sword in .the gateway ' Sliono, an unquenchable flame, Bloodless a sword to release, A light from tho eyes of peace, To bid grief uttcify cense, And tho wrong of tho old world stroightwoy \- 4 Poss from tho face of her fame. ¿ Hers whom wo turn to and cry on, Italy, mother of men : From tho light of the face of her glory, At the hound of tho storm of her story, i That the sanguine shadows and hoary Should fleo fiom tho foot of tho lion, 7", . Lion-like foi th oi his den. i ?ab the answering of thundor to thunder, ! Is tho sloriii-beacon sound of her past ; i f<_ As tho culling of sea unto sea ; t . Is tho noise of her years yet to ho j ', . Foi this yo knew not is she IVIioso bonds aio brolten in 'sundoi ; > 1 his is she at tho last ! \tye înust give two moro fine verses-. "Wo halt hy the walls of tho City, AVithin sound of tho clash of her "chain. Hearing, v*o know that in there TUo lioness chufes in her luir, Shakes the storm of her hair, Struggles in hands without pity, Hours to tho Lion in vain. The »Huston is then to the Pope IVhoso liuud is stretched forth upon hor P Whoso curb is whito with her foam ? C1 othed with tho cloud of his deeds, Sw ithcd iu tho shroud of his creeds, Whi > i« thib that hath trapped her and Icad^ "Who furns to despair and dishonour li'ir ncxio, her namo that was Rome? "With withering «corn the wicked shepherd is de- picted, the wolkeub in the likeness of a l¡Mnb, theTulture with the plumage of a dove, whose , tender mercies' are as swords, and his kisses as , mortal stings. .But we must hold our hand. In the Contemporary Review Mr. Peter Bayne criticises the materialistic and pagan tendencies of the poetry of Mr. Arnold and Mr. Swinburne, and contends for the necessity of a deep religious faith, and of an ample recognition of Christianity, which he thinks is gaining strength every day, even in these questioning times. The remaining contents are of the usual Church character, except perhaps the opening paper on the writings of Dr. Norman M'L/eod, who is ' highly apj?rec4p,ted by the waiter, both as a divine and a writer of fiction within the sphere of Scotch life. The Boyle lectures for 1866 a'.e reviewed by the Rev. W. Benham. In the Cornhill Magazine Mr. Lever continu,,^ bia tale of "The Bramleighs of Bishop's Folly," which has no\v reached its twenty-third chapter, and every month increases in interest. There are several noteworthy articles in the number besides, and though it occupies the least space of all, we must name as chief of these u poem by Mr. G. A. Skncox, entitled " Joan of Arc." Mr. Simcox cannot believe that Jeanne D'Arc could have lived and known happiness after her rescue, if she was rescued Leaving her hcritago of deathless famo lo tho chanco partner of her mortal shame. He has therefore "shaped her after life in moody rhyme," and drawn a powerful picture with touches of deep pathos in it, of Joan's self-communings in her supposed retirement. The sketch of '?' Shooting Stars, Meteors, t.nd Aeiolites" is a well-timed paper full of curious matter :-" One of the most remarkable facts which observation has revealed respecting shooting-stars, is the recurrence of star-shuwers of greater or les3 intensity on certain days of the year. It was observed long ago that on the nights of August 9-11 stars fell in much greater numbers than usual. For instance, there is a legends in parts of Thessaly, that near the time of the festival of St. Lawrence, the heavens open and exhibit shining lights KavSi)\ia and in an ancient English church calendar, the August star-showers are described as 'fiery tears.' We find the 10th of August also characterised by the word mcteorodes, in a MS. called Epkemerklcs rerum naturalium, preserved in Christ's College, Cambridge. _ The great November shower was not recognised so soon. This shower is characterised by an alternate increase and decrease of intensity, the interval between successive maxima being thirty-three or thirty-four years. For several years befoie and after the true year of maximum intensity the shower is in general distinctly exhibited. Our readers will not need to be reminded of the recurrence of this shower last November, as predicted by astronomers. Last year was spoken of in these predictions as the year in which the November shower would exhibit its maximum of splendour. Our own opinion is, that 1867 will turn out to be the true year of maximum intensity, and that fine showers will be seen during the years 1868 and 1869. Whether, however, such showers, should they occur, will be as well seen in England as that of November 13th last, is problematical, since , it has frequently happened that magnificent I showers are seen in certain longitudes, and but a moderate display in others." The story of " Jack the Giant Killer," is another of those pleasant travesties of old nursery tales, which we haTe before noticed. " The Regrets of a Mountaineer," " The Satirists of the Reforma- tion," and "By the Sea-side in South-east ] Africa," are subjects sufficiently indicated by the titles. There is besides a third part of the interesting " Jottings from the Note-Book of an Undeveloped Collector." Bhclcwood's political article is again on the subject of America. The writer of "The Impending Crisis" sketches briefly the ante- cedents of all the candidates for the Presidency, and closes with a very intelligible I summary of the situation. Besides the dangers attending reconstruction under military control, .the burden of the debt, the universal corrup- tion, the rottenness of the national. bank . system, and the question of impeachment, he points to the ominous fact that the balance hitherto held between rival parties by the Irish I is now held by the Negro population. The case , is even worse than this. " At a local election in Louisiana the other day, it was discovered that the number of black votes registered on the electoral lists was greater than that of the whole black population of men, women, ' and children ; that black men registered themselves under different names at differ- ent times ; and that when the day of polling came, they did not remember the names they had assumed-or any other than their Christian names of Cosar, Pompey, or Sambo, as the case might be. And this stupid as well as-dishonest tampering with the sacred right conferred upon them-by bayonet thrust-by their Northern allies-is represented as general in the ten Southern States, and as not unknown in even Tennessee. Hitherto, the presidential elections in America have been conducted with .fairness, and, on the whole, with good temper and pro- priety ; and if armed Negroes are to take possession of the polls in the South, and the Southern whites are either to be illegally or violently prevented from exercising the privilege which cannot be constitutionally denied them, .'the chances of a renewed civil war-or, perhaps, >of a war of races-are only too imminent." The Dublin University Magazine contains a .memoir of A ytoun, and a notice of the literary labours r í üalzac, írom which we extract the . follov. mg just estimate and recommendation : ' -" There are in hie. works philosophical reilec-r titra, subtle analysis, vivid delineation, sparkling wit, repartee, vivaoious conversation, declama-' tion, dramatic action, tragedy, and pathos, gentle and touching .-as a child's tears, 'gar-, nished with a sensitive delicacy of feeling, and; conveyed in a pointed, flexible style, which; does not require .deciphering, but paints' the idea in all its colours, the result, only of clear vision, produced by severe mental training, and reading as easily as though', thrown off without effort. His works have had a,marked influence upon the literature of. France,, and exert no small influence upon our ' own ; many of our best fictions are not a little nourished iront the fountain of his works, and one of the most successful dramas ever brought out upon'the English stage.-which most affected -the English heart and life, was The Game ef Spéculation, almost a verbal adaptation of one . .gi' his few plays, Mercadet,,ouJe Faiseur. We .must, however, conclude this imperfect notice of Jiis labours by first heartily recommending his works., "and then by displaying before the reader a few gems, not chosen, but ,picked at îandom, tom two or turee .of his,vokmes. We -would mention out of the forty-three volumes of the Comedie Htimaine, that the reader ehould form his acquaintance with Balzac, first by reading 'Eugene.Grandet,"' «Père Goriot,' 'Le Cure de Village;' ' Mémoire« de deux Jeunes Mariées,' or 'Le Lys dans la Vallée; that he should scrupulously Avoid all works marked ' Ouvrages de Jeunesse,' /or'they are not worthy of Baluc, and it is a -sacrilege to his fame that they have been dug out of obscurity and brought to light." Fraser reviews Mr. Kaye's Lives of Indian . -Officers. The writer .commences with some ' critical remarks on the different historie« of india that have been {.ublished, and points out that a history of British India worthy of the subject has still to he written. He gives Mr. Kaye credit for a considerable knowledge of the times upon which he writes, and for a con- scientious desire to be accurate ; but censures him for the affected mannerisms which disfigure many portions of his work, and especi- ally his frequent referenco to the interposi- tions pf Providence, a notable, instance of which is, cited from the biography of Sir John i, Mal¿olm. ' An article more elaborated than this !ts devoted to the consideration of "Voltaire as a Theologian, Moralist, and Metaphysician." The conclusion at which the writer arrives, will startle many of his readers :-" All just critics," he says, " ought to admit that Voltaire would have advocated precisely those parts of the Revolution which have been blessings to man- kind, and reprobated those which disgraced its progiess, and that in doing so he would have acted in perfect consistency with the whole tenor and character of his career." In "The New Rebellion in America," an opinion ia expressed that the effort of the South to resist the laws, which is likely to come sooner or later, will be followed by a general confiscation ; that those who rise in arms will he banished, and those who remain v» ill be hirelings and beggars'"; and that the resistance offered by President Johnson, and the spirit he has rekindled in the South, leaves but one step to be taken-the entire extermination of the late Southern masters. These views are not those of the editor, but of the writer of the article, which no doubt conveys a fair notion of the opinions held by the extreme Repub ican party in America. There is a spirited political article in the num- ber on " The Conservative Transformation," an interesting paper on " The Birds of Norfolk," and an article on the minor poets of our time entitled " Modern Verse Writers." In Macmillan's, the author of " Friends in Council" commences, after long silence, with another of his conversational essays, in which our old friends Milverton, Ellesmere, and other interlocutors reappear. There are two chapters of it in this number entitled respectively " The Lake City," and " The Religion and Govern- ment of the Sheviri." The author of 'tom Jil own shows his appreciation of the Paris Exhibition in an article entitled " A Run in the World's Fair " Mr. Palgrave discourses in verse on " The Reign of Law," in answer to the Duke of Argyll, and Professor Seeley writes about " English in Schools." The most re- markable paper, however, is one on " The Athanasian Creed." The opinions of the learned are canvassed, and it is shown to be highly probable that the Creed was a forgery of the eighth century. London Society is filled with the usual variety of pleasant gossipy matter. Some of the en- gravings this month are worse than usual ; but there is one rather interesting sketch-a silhou- ette of King Theodore, which accompanies a paper written " hy one who fell into his clutches." Belgravia continues Miss Braddon's story about " Dead.Sea Fruit," which everybody knows is a species of apple, which has a luscious golden appearance externally, but turns to ashes in the mouth of the eater. The chapter which introduces the " green-eyed monster" is a very lively one. The other articles are, " Horse- shoes on Church Doors," " The Mouths," " The Romans at Home," " The Cant of Modem Criticism"-a rather rampant defence of Miss Bradden by George Augustus Sala, " Happy Tidings," " London Parks," " A Remonstrance"-addressed by the Ghost of Captain Shandon to the editor of the Pall Mall Gazette, " A Fortnight in Corsica," " Netting," " Bric-a-brac Hunting," and some chapters of " Diana Gay," a new novel by the author of '. Bella Donna." SaitÎftPaurs contains the new stories, " All for greed," and Mr. Trollope'a own " Phineas Finn." The principal essay in the number, on " The New Electors," is said to be from the pen of Mr. Goschen. It discusses the proba- \ ble effects of the Refoim Bill on the strength , of parties. The writer feels certain that, "for, good or for evil, the new electors "will ' increase the strength of the sentimental ¡ section of the House of Commons ; and further, that their influence will materi- ally lessen the stringency with which the doctrines of 'laissez-faire' will be applied.'' Positive legislation is not unlikely to receive some development, as Government interference is less repelling to the lower than to the middle and upper classses. In economical matters they will be less faithful to political economy, and general Conservative views are not likely to be in the ascendant. There are interesting articles in the number on " The Decay of the Stage," " The Military Armaments of the Five Great Powers," " Secrets," and " Hunting." Temple liar has a capital novel in progress hy the author of Archie Lovell, besides .other two stories by Miss Florence Marryatt, and Mr. Sheridan Le Fanu. Mr. Proctor contributes a paper on " The'Proposed Journey to the North Pole." It appears that our sailors hitherto have actually gone out of their way to find a passage by the -longest and most .dangerous route-a fact to which the attention of geo- graphers has been called hy the preferable route selected for the new French expedition under M. Lambert. There is no mystery, .how- ever, about this "new and untried route," and Mr. Proctor gives very clear explanations about it. He believes fully in the existence of an open Polar Sea, but does not admit the validity of Captain Maury's argument in support of the notion ef a tidal wave being generated within the icy barriers. His conviction is .that the Polar Sea does -not exeeed the Mediter- ranean in extent. Great importance, however, is attached to M. Lambert's expedition, .for if hÍ8,anticip.itions be .realised we should have, not a north-west passage, but a northern and southern passage to ,China, very much shorter ; than »the long-sought-for north-west route. 'Hanover Square is a-Jiew musical periodical, ' which follows the fashion in being named after -the locality in -which it is published. The r edilor is Mr. Lindsay Sloper. It is to resemble literary-magazines, in being 1 filled -with original contributions by distin . guished composers, instead. of reprints of old and well-known music. Tlie contributors in. .elude the names of Balfe, Barnett, Benedict, .Rene .Favarger, Kuhe, Macfhrren, Brinley Richards, "Smart, Sullivan, and others. The first.part, just published, containe a sketch for the pianoforte, " Sorrows and Joys," by Jules Benedict, which is remarkable -for»its perpetual change 7of feeling from the deepest pathos to impassioned joy. The marl« of .expression with which it is .literally full indicate a compo- sition which only the higheat skill would be able to master. The next' piece, " What does little Birdie say ?" is a composi- tion by Arthur .S. Sullivan, to the .words of Tennyson. The remaining two pieces are by Sydney Smith and Henry Smart, the first being a caprice for the ])ianofarte, the second a remarkably pretty ballad, set .to tho words of Frederick Enoch, " The Bonny ßitd .Sings on the Tree, Bossie Bell ! " With the People's Magazine is given the motó correct map yet published of Abyssinia, and <»£ the ronlo that will probably be taken by the invading force. " A Memoir of Faraday," a sketch of " Bertrand du Guesclin ; a new story, entitíed, " The Governor's Daughter," by Mr. Sutherland Edwards ; and a second paper on " Schiller/' are among the other contents of the number. Once a Week Contains the first four chapters bf a new story, " The Squire's New Keeper," by Mr. J. D. Fenton, interesting, well written, and equally well illustrated. " Carlyon's Year" reaches its thirty-first chapter. Among the other articles, all of which are well selected, are a bketch of " Seal Hunting in t-'oravvall," very well done, and an antiquarian paper by Mr. E. Walford, containing some neat word painting, ca'led "A Summer Day at Beaulieu." In All the Year Round the interesting series of " Old Stories Retold " is continued, the sub- jects this month being " The First Use of Gas," "London Street Riots in the Last Century," " The Red Barn," and *' The Glorious First of June." There are sketches of " Amiable Iheodorus," "The Melancholy Captain, V and of " A Holiday on Horseback ;" and two in- teresting stories, one of which, by the author of Bella Donna, has for its charming title " The Dear Girl." The biographical skit, " John Skeene, the Promoter," makes an amusing chapter in the history of modern financing. 