VICTORIAN RAILWAYS, i CASTLEMAINE. The folloiviag is' 'tlie "manifest 'of 'goods re- ceiyed on Sahu-daj- ; ' " ' r-' - 7' ' Smith, Fitzgerald, Mattlieivs, Dawson, Watson', Newmp-b fUtd Cq,, Mw? qnil Co,, Pptt, M:Ken?iu,,ilqi'gettt- Pdckwflod anil Wracge; Npwcomho; Henryti Grvils, United ; G; Co., Thiu'good,' Bqnnister; Siddgll, . Sfandard Brewery Co., Clark,' Chaplin, 'Campbell arid Coly Oscroft, M'CuBoch arid Co. The surennatuital in Califoknia. — We notice that a nieritorioiis' attempt'is being made to modify the hard materialism of California life, by the softening influence of the supernatural. It is the moro gratifying from thq fact tha .a portion "'of the press, " since 'the . elpctiQnY bY'h .deyqtod/.ri liitlicptp mjsflirepted' but ppwcrful. mmidgcity' to (lie. narrutioii qf ghost stpriea. That ingenuity wliiph lias been,' until now; wasted upon pro fessional abuse and political fjelion, has at last' found its proper rihprinel. A3 ri patpral ppsqlt, if ifwp are to beRey'e these qutliqritieg ghosts gyp implcasahtly multiplying in California; . Haunted houses are discovered every day, and spiritual landlords have commenced to serve writs of ejectment on temporal tenants. Doorbells are being rung' all over tlio Stpte iii 'ri,' mysterious and exasperating manner. Fiu-niture is moypd without eluirge-i-oii talcos 'updh itseKimrimalion' anil intelligence. IuteBeotual- tables discdinse of di-eadful secrets; ghostly doors open and shut noiselessly, like terrified lips thht-woulii 'lilte to blab but dare not f and tho'yery 'sungles; op 'tlio roofs ' of houses Mn gqiqp 7,lqcaRtibp.-pktter -.iri a wvooiien wayqt.awfiil orinios that, they coven. Jn fact, tlie supernatural is: becoming so important a featiu-e 'of domestio'-eeonoiny that no father of a' , family can reasonably expect to retire 'without' ; being siunmoned at iftidnight by some spiritual call. v To exact, a. clean bill of Qipyal healtli of previbuk tenants vfrohi'. the landlord would seem to ho the only sepurity left to people who wish to lure houses;— St'. Frttiiclsco Bulletiii. ' " CjAMBfriNo ix P,un?.-rrrOne of. tlio topics of-itUe day is tlie heavy gambling which takes place nightly at O&M;&.'fiiriuiffaUe'kdi&e;, or club, frequented by tlie jeunesse doree (says the Paris correspondent: of tho Standard).: Well/may these ingeilnous youths ' be golden"; for, ( no iar m<(l|; -could possiblj' enable thbin' 'th11' pay "their 'debfa of il»WPWr, : „Tltq . fi-ygrffge - gnin.ajiilulpsgggj .one nigRt, tlm.jNflffiJnwe.cfaUs. mnnre Aiavev less- than 420,OfiR ;sterJhig.i; :Np anoneylijscplaced.-on- the tables, but each playei' signs on I O U for 100, 200, or 1000 louis,- in-exchange for -\vlricli he receives coiuiters, the value of eaSi varying from lqof.; ta; ,9.0,0fl.QLr apjllliq) Jnajiri'iiridw ili&Dsupply;'i ;(of course giving his bond) as often as hp pleases during #ip OTpiuflg,; j .Thfl gippri.bMPi'dthq .ttrinsac-; j Itionis settled in liai-d cash ait the special office of tlie. jjrpfcpyrvlijcjija lopsljiey'pyesidM" J jl'pivy player is ohhgeil to : cash llis I O U s within" a (fortnight. riYl'ho favourite game is Aaocarot— wlrist (is voted slpw," o <For a'lvonder dige'iiyg; riot.ppulqr; ' iFraribe',1 but- 70 (thousand a year are not very numerous even among the frequenters. of these fashionable hells. ,Tlie puzzle to the public is how in the world this (sort of thing can go, op yeqr aftpr ypar, without some gigantic sriiasli. ! Fashions .for Maqcii,— From Tho lata season has brought in quite a transformation in the mqk0 of robes, No longer dp w? seq tl)ose almost plain skirts, sp qqrrow,that , timy' werp apy- thjqg. but graceful. Qtir readers must . pof. BUI'POSfl that the sbqrt cpetqiqes are duqe away withTrrhy no means tbat-thcy arc far too useful to be easily given up ; but instead of being scanty, as formerly, they, as well as the long or traiued dresses, are made fiat in the front, but very full and bouffantes at the back, set on at the wgist from the sidps Wtl corq33 the back in very thick close plaits, so that they hang in plaits the whole length of the breadths. Wo need scarcely say this is much more bepoming to the figuro. It is principally iu ball dresses that this make has been seen at present, but it is beginning to shew itself in all toilettes. Lace ipcreases iu favour every day; it seeps iqdispensabia thqt a ady of plegaiioe should have her lace t\f)ip, flouqess, shawl, &c.; Passementerie lias nplj, hgwgvgr, disappeared from its 'formgrplqce aa a tjrimmiqg. Fringes of a light kind trjui thin materia', whilst the heavier silk fringes are reserved for satin or taffetas. There is a rumour: of larger bonnets oomingintc fashion again ; pt present it is certainly only a whisper, nor do we ppe much probability of the present elegant, and in most cases becoming coiffures, giving place to the old bppqpt,. aqd while qqr ekUful inodiatos take so much care to arrange the fanchon so as to suit all ages, we do net sea that any advantage would be gained. Laco, either black or white, forms a neces sary part of evory coiffure— and what is more soft ening and graceful than laco or hlonde to the face qo longer young ?— so Miff'' a fanphon bf yplyet, crape, or tulle', trimnied w-ith a yioletep of |acg foiling qvw a soft croivn of crape or tulle, and ending in lappets fastened by aq plegauf; brooch .finder (hp pjiin, ynay bfl inadp tq p'rih a fady b£ wy Wr,,. : An Historic Parallel,— A oelebratod French wvaut, whose historical pictures arc now the rage, in Paris tho other day dolivered an address beforo a largo and fashionable audience, on the reign of Augustus, iu which he made (hp following trans parent allusions, amidimmenso applause, to certain well-known events of our tinw " Ifi the attacks of -a rriler On' liberty there are always two gfiilty partios— the ilBurpor who violates the law, aud tho nation who abdicates its power. Tho Roman peoplo pinned against their country and themselves ou -the day thoy fell under tho yoke of Augustus. : . . . Those who groanod- undor the. Emperor's despotism hpil but one consolation, that of knowiqg that the Government which oppressed (hem had COnu'iiUed miptalffis thobPfiaeqfionc's of wfifah threatened ifa vory existence, , The last days fif th EifiP3ror'arul0 presontcd a mournful sight. Tho advisers and gono- rala of oarlicr days wero dead, anil Augustus re- maiuetl in solitude, with 'au enfeebled mind, and consoious of his hoavy responsibility for tlio mis takes ho had committed. When, striking big head against the wall of his palace, fio nxejaimed, ' Varus CI VP. iqe hack . my Ipgiqns 1 ' the citigens : of -Rome phould alsq qxclaim, striking thoir heads against tlie colqmns of the Forum, ' Augustus, giyo us back our follow-citizona, whoso bones are \vfiitening in tho wpods of Gormauy.; givo us back' pur freedom, ndnfit ub to n share in tho government of tho State.! Wo are ready to share your responsibility, your dangers, and oven your mistakes, if thoy are insepara ble from your policy.!! . :. ;; j -Tlio Manchester Unity of tho 'Independent Order of Oddfellows havo presented to tho National Life- riqat Institution a lifeboat, which 'is to be named tlie ilaufiliceter; Unity, and ie-to he Stationed at Cloo- horpes, on the coast of Lincolnshire. 