SHEEP WASHING ON THE COREE STATION. I THE special reporter of tho 1'atioral Times, in a series of notices on tho " Improved Stations of Riverina," gives Ibo j following interesting account of tlie mèthod of sbonp vashing adopted on the Coreo Station, situated forty-eight miles north of Deniliquin, He writes : . Tho washing depot is on the northern sido of tho Billa- bong Crock, and tho soaking and spouting tanks- aro about twelvo ynrds from tho bank, through which a sluico is cut to feed tho centrifugal pump, and which is placed in posi- tion at tho head of tho sluice, and noar tho spouting tank. Tho engine, working a centrifugal pump, is ono of seven horse power, bought at Melbourne for £280, and is worked to n pressure of 60 lbs. to tho square inch. It is most compact, and keeps the machinery in motion with perfect caso ; of fuel it consumes ono cora of word every two days ; tho wood is cut for Ss. per cord, and is conveyed to the engine by station drays. Tho boilers aro of 400 gallons each, and aro lilied by n two-inch pipe from tho spouting trough, and it takes about an hour to make tho water boil. They ure generally filled tho last thing nt night, a little firo being put on, BO that in tho morning they aro soon heated. The not water soak is 2S feet long by from 4J- feet at bottom to 5 feet at top, and 5 feet deep, divided into, four compart- ments, and contains 2000 gallons of water, to which are udded 10 lbs. of soap and 10 lbs. of soda for every 1000 sheep ts bo washed. Tho hot soak is cleaned out overy ovening, tho bottom dipping to a box drain which, closed and opened with n valve, conveys tho Boiled water to tho creek. The temperature of tho water in tho soak is kept up to 101 degrees, and washing commences first thing in tho morning. Tho sheep aro brought from the yards contiguous to tho depot to the small yard termi- nating in a platform erected two feet above tho hot water soak into which they are plunged as required. They arc ¡hen guided into a compartment a littlo wider than them- selves, where they stay for about threo minutes. "When he proper timo has arrived they aro allowed to go forward in to a platform, a little above tho lovel of tho top of the water of the hot bath. Hero the sheen stands for a time jroiitry reduced in bulk, thc wool sticking closo to his sides -tho hot water trickling down and returning to tho hot. oak down tho platform. Tho shcop now gets breathine; tino «T,d thniip-ïi lnnTriYif* miipn nlnnnnr «nd li>q« Ijixu a vagrant tuan no did before ho got his hot bath, still he is only half clcnn. Hero he stands looking about him apparently bewildered nt tho operation. Tho steam engine close by is puffing away, while perhaps tho washers are I singing " Cheelyroan," a song well known to those who [ have crossed tho seas. Eventually tho sheep is seized by a man, in whoso bare, brawny arms the 50 lbs. or 60 lbs. of mutton encased in wool are as nothing. Tho animal is now pitched neck and crop into the cold «pouting tank, 1 where he is remorslessly seized by two men, ono takino: hold of tho head, the other of the two hind legs, they hold and tum tho struggling sheep under the douche, where tho water descends from two wide thin jets with great force and in large quantity ovor the head and hody of the bewildered creature. Ho is kejpt from forty to fifty seconds under tho jots. Tho process, bot and cold, takes about live and a half minutes. Tho sheep goes iu a dirty brown, with clotted and matted looks or fleece, and lands on this platform a milky white, his woolly coat or fleece fitting closely tohis sides. Though glad to got from thc power of tho operators, tho sheep in some instances becomes so weakened as to bo unable to keep his legs, in which case ho lies helplessly down on the battened plat- form-his fat »ides panting, his eyes dilated, mouth a little open, and tongue protruding, ho himself looking tho pic turo of despair, apparently about to give up tho ghost. Should he lio long in this position, he is helped upon his legs by ono of tho mon, and finally tho animal walks or totters to terra'firma, quietly making his way into the ad- joining paddock, which is one of a series of paddocks leading to tho wool-shed. Through this process 1700 sheep arc put daily, bat the appliances on tho ground are capable of turning out 2000 per diem. Thero are four spouts, and each ono is capublo of doing soventy sheep per hour. It struck mo that these brush fenece answered admirably ; they keep tho wind from raising tho dust, as tho outer part of the wetted wool would, of course, freely catch any dust blowing about, and tho outer side of the fleece would lose its whiteness, though the mass of wool, from its cohesive- ness, would run no risk of being thus contaminated. For n period, dependent on tho drying qualities of the atmosphère, of from two to threo days, the washed Bheep is nil owed tc roam about these paddocks until ho has been handed ovei to tho Bhearer. Hero the sheep is denuded of his woolly :oat, which it took him twelve months' grazing ù »ring to its present weight, and it now weighs about -10 oz, lost in specific gravity by tho cleansing process about '21 oz. of dirt, grease, potash, ¿ie. Shoep from the dry back blocks, where they have to travel far for food, and where the sur- face soil is greatly mixed with sand, loso about sixty or seventy per cent, in weight of (leece. In this saltbush country tho fleceos will not be as heavy as in tho richer and moro fertile di»trictg of tho colony. Hero in Riverina it takes throughout tho year about four acres of avorngo land to sustain a sheep, in other and richer dis- tricts ono aero suilices. In the saltbush country, there- fore, the sheep must travel in search of food-hence he does not fatten so quickly as if ho could satisfy his appetite on a small nica, and by tho same rulo the lleeco is not so heavy as in better favoured localities, so that, independent of thc breed or BÍKO of tho sheep, it is still an open question whether carcase and wool can bo brought to tho same perfection' in tho Riverine territory, with ita saarsely furnished herbage of grasses, as thoy are, for instance, in thc rich districts of. tho Western parts of Victoria, lt, is still nn open question whother quantity of «ounii'y can make amends for quality in the soil. In about ¿no hundred hours, then, at Coron, from thc time when the sheep were plunged into tho hot bath, tho wool is .washed clean, tho sheep shorn, lloeccs sorted, wool packed by powerful machinery, and tho wool en route for England via Melbourne. Thoro wero about twenty-five shearers employed in tho shed, and a few assistants, wool winders, and pickers-up, at 15s. a week nnd food ; for shearing, 18s. per 100 was paid, and as a first-class shearer can clip eighty sheep a day, tho 'average hand can do about fifty or sixty-the earnings of each mun would ba from to lCs. por 'day,' tho men finding themselves. At tho stations they can purchaso meat and floor at about cost price, and sleeping room costa them nothing. " Argus," of the Morning Post, tells the following capitol story, which cites not, however, require the usual introduction "in circulation at the chiba "' to make it go down :-An officer of the Guards, a good steeplechase rider, went out the other day with a favourite dog with a muzzle fastened on his tail. Ile had not gone far before he.was accosted by a police- man, who told him that as his deg was unmuzzled lie should take it up and detain it. Thia the olficcr in question defied him to do, maintaining that, as his dog had a muzzle on his tail, hu had complied with Sir Richard Mayne's order, because it was nut stated where the muzzle was to be placed on the dog. This so fairly, buflled " the intelligant policeman " that he at once gave way, and let the Guardsman depart in peace with his faithful companion. "A Guardian," writing from Kitchin to the Times on the question of vagrancy, attribute:; i's increase to the leniency , of the ivagisirates; and to prove his point cites two cases, the lauer of which, is: certainly novil. - It'waa that of à wowan who ha'd itt her pas session thirty-seven shillings, and a skilfully con- structed-straw baby, by means of whick'ehe excited compRFsion. " 'Perhaps tho worthy magistrates let the wc E)an off from admiration of her ingenuity. 