INDIAN FEROCITY. The New York Times gives the following horrowing and frightful picture of an Indian Raid : — Tho sun was setting on the evening of Sunday, February 5, as an Indian rode up to tho house of "Mr. John S. Eriend on tho Sandics, in the extreme Southern part of tho county of Elano, Texas. Erom his horse ho peered into the house through tho open door. Ho saw only women and children, and rodo back in the direction ho had come for tho purpose of reporting to his band. A short time previous to this, a daughter of Mrs. Candle, aged 8, and a son of Mr. Fficnd (about tho same ago), while1 playing hear the house, saw an Indian driving off a horse, and immediately gave tho alarm. At the house of Mr. Eriend were tho fol.owing persons; Mrs. Eriend, two Mrs. Johnsons, Miss Tov.'W- end, aged 16, and four children — the two . mentioned above,- aud the children ef Mrs. Johnsons, one eighteen months old, and the other three years. When the women heard' of the presence of an Indian in their neigh bourhood, the nows was considered of so much importance that they all went into the yard for tho purpose of seeing for themselves. To obtain a better view of the surrounding country, one of thorn got upon a fence. The . latter was the first to discover the approach of the Indians in tho direction of the house. A short time aftor he returned the> whole number (fifteen or sixteen) made their ap pearance, and rushed into the yard and house. One of the Mrs. Johnsons seized a gun, which waB taken out of her hand by Mrs. Eriend, who presented it at an Indian, but before Bhe could firo the1 savage closed upon her, and wresting the gun out of her handB, attempted to shoot her, but the courageous woman seized a chair and Btruck the Indian upon the arm, causing the gun to fall from his hands. He then fitted an arrow to his bow and shot her through the arm, when Mrs. Eriend seized it flat iron nnd struck him with it upon the head, causing the Indian to stagger, but instantly recovering, the brute shot her again with an arrow which (to use the words of Dr. Oatman) " struck noar tho posterior and lateral edge'of the right mammie, glanced around the bony walls of the chest, and came out through the lower and posterior odge of the right mammse." This caused tho poor woman to fall apparently dead. The aim was undoubtedly taken at the heart, but missed, probably on account of the arrow being partly broken near the spike and wrapped with thread. The Indian now knelt near Mrs. Eriend, drew hiB knife and com menced scalping her. The pain of this opera tion restored her to her senses, when she seized the knife with her right hand and endeavoured to wrest it from him, but in vain, the knife beiug drawn through her closed hand, cutting the fingers to the bone. This act was repeated three times with the same , result, the Indian continuing scalping. He took threo scalps from her head, two about < two incheB wide and three inches long, and the other about half the size. The lniife must have been vory dull, Mrs. Eriend thinks. Not satisfied with thiB, the Indian cut off her hair, wounded her several times on other por tions of her head, and worked the arrow several times through the wound. This was done, probably, to see whether any ljfe yet remained in the body of tho ujf>'junate- woman but Mrs. Eriend, though igeenly sensible of all, feigned death so well from the time that she found it was useless to contend, with the savage, that she uttered no cry or changed a muscle to show that she lived. This was her only hope for life, and she knew it, and braved through an ordeal torrible . enough to make a strong man tremble even at the thought of so much agony. The Indians plundered the house of all movables of value, and left, taking with1 them tho remaining women and children. Mrs. . Eriend said that the wailing of her boy was harder to bear than all she had gone through that terrible evening ; but even for him she know it was useless to bIiow signs of life, as nothing would then have saved her from death When they were all gone, and tho sound of ' -W their voices lost in the distance, Mrs. Eriend arose and crawled and walked to widow Johnson's house, about : a mile and a half distant. The widow, was absent from homo, , but in the houso was a man, his wife, and four or five children. Mrs. Erioud was carod for,, and hor wounds dressed as woll as unskilled hands and kind hearts would allow. After binding up hor head and extracting the arrow, tho man took his family into the bushes for ,tho night for safety. Mrs. Eriend preferred remaining in the house, and in the situation in which I havo described hor, sho lay aud sufforeAnfi night. Surgical aid was not pro- curod $®he poor creature until twenty-four i hours after the wounds were iufiicted She was doing woll at last accounts, aud hopes aro expressed that she will recover. The country around is sparsely sottled, and nil the men woro absent from Mr. Friend's. On tho evening followiug, Mr. Townseud, the father of .the young woman mentioned abovo, and several others hoard of the attack, aud preparations were at once made to follow up thef-ail. It was first discovered by Mr. Townsand ou the Side of Cedar Mountain, in in plain view of widow Johnson's house. 1 may as well mention here that this house was not visited by the Indians. Near where the trail was first struck, the i youngest child was picked up murdered and r scalped in the most brutal manner. On tho morning of tho 7th the pursuit commenced in earnest, a force of fourteen men having assembled for that purpose. Not trioro than fifty yardB from where the first child was dis covered a second was found murdered, and was brought in immediately. Tho trail led across Cedar Mountain some throo or four miles to a place called Gamble's Gap, and here the scone most horriblo of all iij this horrible tragedy was onacted. Both the Mrs. Johnsons were fbund dead a few irards apart. The intestines of one of them ind been eaten out, it is supposed by the swine, and the flesh had been torn off the limbs and face. The other was found lanced thffftiiffn f.liA hanitf. Alio nma oit/iot' nnJ AKn brutal abuse undoubtedly brought on parturi tion, which was taking place ut the time of her death. On the following day the father looked upon the dead body of his murdered child. 9 Miss TOwnsend was found dead near the I north base of Hudson's Mound, in Blanco r County. Her throat was found cut, and her head beaton in a horrible inaunor with stones. , The trail led the pursuers through the Cam'anc'ne Springs' Settlement, whore they found that the IndinB had eaptured and carried oft' several horses in that neighbour hood. The pursuit was contiuued to the t/>p of l5ack-8adale Mountain in the south-east part of this country, and given up in despair. The son of Mr. Eriend and the daughter of Mrs. Candle have not been found. It is hoped that they are not murdered, but taken into captivity, thus holding forth a prospect of their bereaved pnrenls beholdiiig their children again in life. Giuls in theib Teens. — There are,, it must be owned, few things on earth of less interest at first Bight than a girl in her teens She is a mere bundle of pale colourless virtues, a little shy, slightly studious, passively obedient, tamely religious. Her tastes are " simple " — she has no particular preforouco, that is, for anything ; her aims incline mildly towards a future of balls to come ; her rule j of life is an hourly reference to "mamma." She i8,,Jkjthout even the charm of variety ; rehe hasten' hot-pressed in the most approved 3® finishing establishments, and is turned out tie exact double of her eisters or her cousin or . her friend, with the same stereotyped manuer, the same smattering of accomplishments, tho same contribution to society of her littlo sum of superficial information. Wo wonder how it is that any one can take an interest in a creature of this sort, just as much we wonder how any one can take an interest in the Court Circular. And yet tliero are lew senti ments more pardonable, as there are none more national, than our interest in th. t marvellous . document. A people which chooses to be governed by kings and queens has a right to realise the fact that kings and queens are human beings, that they shoot, . -i drive, take the air like the subjects whom they ; govern- And if in some coming day we are s to toss up our hats and shout ourselves hoarse for a sovereign who is still in his cradle, it ib wise as well as natural that we should culti vate an interest in his babyhood, that we ' should hang on the vicissitudes of his teeth S|||| "and his measles, that we should be curious as to the title of his spelling-book; aud the exact 1 score of his last game at cricket. It is pre- cisely the same interest which attaches ua to 1 the loosely-tied bundle of virtues and aecom- I nlishments which we call a girl. We I recognise in her our future ruler. The shy, S modest creature who lias no thought, but a | dance, and no will but mamma's, will in a tew t years be bur master, changing our habits, A 1 moulding our tastes, bending our character to H her own. In the midst of our own drawing- jf room, in our pet easy-chair, we shall iej that I retiring figure quietly established, with down- | east eyes, and hands busy with their crotchet 1, needles, what Knox called, in days before a I higher knowledge dawned, " the Monstrous 1 Regimen of Woman." — Saturday Revicio. 88\. jsxtbaobbinary scene with wild beasts. | .—The New York Tribune says : — " We have | received information from a gentleman who I has recently returned from a trip to the | Southern States, and who was an eye-witness I of the affair, of an extraordinary, sudden, and I terrifying contest among the wild animals bo- f lohging to the Southern branch of the Barnum 1 and Van Amburgh Museum aud Meuagerio jre Company, which was brought about in conso- Jr quence of their being liberated from captivity | by a railway accident. It appears that tho entire menagerie was en route from Montgo- ;i mery to Mobile, and a broken rail precipitated | seven cars down an embankment 40 feet from | summit to b£jh. Most of tho cages were p; more or less "cafmagcd by tho accidont, and 4; those containing the Himalaya boar, the Ben- gal tiger, the Thibet bear, and the Biazilian t' tiger were so much shattered ns to liberate the i occupants, and permit them to escape to tho f adjoining forest, whence they were speedily attracted by the carcase of a deer that had been in one of tho cages, and w»b killed by the casualty. Now occurred one of the most 'y, remarkable contests of brutes that has over |r taken place on this continent. During four f hours the tigers and the bears and hyena con- f tended for tiio mastery. Nor did the terrified I attaches of the mouogerie dare to iuterlero. | The noise of the contest is described as being I appalling in tho extreme, and did not ceaso I until the participants bad satisfied tho cravings jj of t,wlir appetite. After which tho Himnlnya hear and one of the tigers played together as I cat -'and kitten. At this juncture Captain Hall, the ' Lion King,' and former coinpaniou of Dr. Livingstpne, togotbor with ono or two courageous assistants, made an essay to recap ture tho, animals. The cages containing tho ruminating animals were discharged of their occupants and brought to a close proximity to tho fugitives. Tho bears and the liyonas woro thon lassoed, aud dragged into their dons. Captain Hall then courageously approached the tigers, caressod and patted them, and finally led thorn without resistance to their dons. The driver of tho band waggon was iustantly killed by the accident, and the com pany sustainod a loss of two lions, a panther, and a leopard." A Tragedy With a Spioe op the Comic. — A tremendous story conies from Southern Ohio. A Mr. Winau, when in groat state of passion, fell down senseless, and tho doctor announced that ho had died from bursting a bloodvossel. Tho funeral took place, and the body was placed temporarily in a vault. The next night a ghost wag seeu in the cemetery. A numbor of porsons armed themselves with shot guns, proceeded to the cemetery, and commenced a cautious inspection. They had not long to wait,' for there, flitting among tho tombs, was a white object plainly to be seen. -With troinbling hands they raised their guus and fired, and the ghost fell between a couple of graves. They cautiously approached tho object and turned a lantern upon' it. Their feelings can bo better imagined than described when thy found that tho ghost was the lately deceased. Mr. Wiuan's coffin had been broken open, and waB lying upon the floor, and the coffin of a deceased a ly, that had been placed upon it, was likewiso thrown down from tho sholf aud stauding on ond, also partly broken open, displaying its ghostly inmate. The vault door, which was rather a weak affair, had been forced open by. tho resurrected man. Tho party then wont to Mr. Wiuan's house, and there they found that his wounds were not serious, aud that he had recovered his Bonses. 