THE MILLER'S REVENGE. IN TWO PARTS.—PART I. THERE are few places within an easy run of home at which a brief holiday may be more pleasantly and profitably spent than at Jersey. Both Guernsey and Sark are well worth visit- ing, but Jersey is pre-eminently the queen of the Channel Island group, both on account of its size and its many natural beauties. It may be "done" comfortably in a week, after the ordinary skimming fashion of modern tourists j but to learn to loye it thoroughly one mußt reside on it for monthß, and see it in storm and sunshine, and in aU the varying moods which it puts on, Uke a beautiful, change ful woman. It was my fortune recently to spend part of my annual hoUday on the island. It was not my first visit, and aU the chief points of attrac tion were already famUiar to me. On this occasion I determined to explore some of its hidden nooks on foot, and to famih'arize myself with its more homely features, whUe striving to gather some idea of the modes of Ufe and habits of thought of the scattered dweUers in its bays and valleys. In one of my rambles I feU in with a gentle man, an artist by profession, who was engaged in painting one of the many romantic head lands which diversify the northern seaboard of the island. He had Uved for several years at St. HeUer's when a boy, and he seemed to know by heart every legend and romantic incident with which the history of the island, true and fabulous, is associated. It was from his lips that I heard the foUowing story, which is here told as nearly as possible in his own words. We were lounging on a hUI- side, cigar in mouth, watching the stealthy incoming of a summer tide, and the time was the lazy half-hour that usually foUows an out-door luncheon. " Rather a curious story " (began my painter friend) " attaches to that ruined water- mill, of which you made mention this morning as form ing a Ukely subject for a pencU-sketch; and, as I know you have a sUght craze on the subject of folk- lore and traditional tales, I don't mind telling you this one. Not, however, tiU you have tapped that black beard in the corner. Thanks. Now for our once upon a time. " The once upon a time, in this case, stands for several years less than a hundred. The exact number, however, is not known to de ponent, and matters nothing to the story. At that time the MUI of La Roquette—such was the name by which it was known—was in good working order, and did as flourishing a business as any mUI on the island. The mUler'B name was Pierre Lebrun. He was a widower, and well advanced in years. He was assisted in his business by his nephew Gaspard, a young man man of five-and-twenty, who had come over from Coutances, in Normandy, when quite a lad, and had grown up under his uncle's roof. After his wife's death, no woman was ever known to enter Lebrun's cottage. Inside the house and out, everything was done by the mUler and his nephew. The two were well matched. Avarice, and that low cunning which delights in over-reaching a neighbor, and spend ing a shilling to gain a farthing by trickery, were their chief characteristics. To give them their due, they were hard-working men, and what they did was always done weU and to the time, so that the huge wheel (for the mUI was worked by water-power) was seldom idle for want of something to do. The miU, and the house in which the miller Uved, were both under one roof, and together comprised only four rooms: two being used for business purposes; one as a living room —kitchen and parlor to gether ; whUe in the loft over the latter the mUler and his nephew slept. Behind the mill was a rough stable and outhouse, in which the miUer kept a patriarchal hone, and a cart so old that it was popularly supposed to have been buUt during the reign of Lebrun's great grand father, who had been the firat miUer of La Roquette. "So one year went by after another without weaving any thread of variety into the woof of the duU, colorless Ufe led by the two men at the null, except that Lebrun's hair was gradu ally turning as white as his own flour, and that gloomy Gaspard was growing, if possible, more gloomy and taciturn than ever. They were both men of few words, and perhaps that was one reason why they agreed so weU together. "You know the situation of the miU, that it was built in a warm fold of the hiUs, in a little valley of its own, but stiU high enough above the sandy beach to afford its inmates a grand view seaward. In the foreground the moat prominent object was yonder reef of treacherous rocks, against which, even in calmest weather, the fretting tide bursts in showers of spray. Not that Lebrun or his nephew cared one far thing for the view, or would have expressed the least regret if a high waU had been buUt up between them and it, and shut out the prospect for ever. j "Pierre Lebrun was an early riser. On | going into the miU soon after daybreak on a ' certain autumn morning, he was stupefied to find a sack of flour, which he could have sworn that he had tied up over-night, ready for sending home, now standing untied and open-mouthed, I having evidently been disturbed by some one since the mUler had last set eyes upon it. Le brun's first glance was to the outer door, but the stout wooden bar with which it was always secured was stUl in itß place. He himself had but just unbolted the door of communication between the mUI and the house ; and the one I smaU window, by means of which the lower ] storey was dimly lighted, was set high up in i the waU, and barred with iron. As Lebrun's ' slow mind mastered these facts one by one, he burst into a cold sweat, and looked fearfully around. No ordinary human being could have got at the sack to untie it; ergo, it must have been untied by the agency of witchcraft. Such was the first thought that evolved itself out of the mUler's mind. As he stood there, in the ghoßtly grey of the early morning, it did seem to him quite possible that some power more than human might be granted to those who had sold themselves to the Evil One, and that he was the victim of a mah'gnant trick, which had its origin in some such compact. "He took a step forward, and peered closely into the open sack, and then he started back in dismay. The sack had not merely been opened, but some portion of the contents had been stolen: a quantity of flour had been scooped out, probably by a handful at a time, the mark of four outspread fingers being still plainly visible on the surface of what was left. In an instant, the witchcraft theory was brushed like a cob web from the mUler's matter-of-fact brain. A thief, and a merely human thief, had been at work on his premises during the past night. His pocket was touched, and that was enough to rouse his worst passions. '"Gaspard! Gaspard!' he caUed out, hoarsely,' make haste hither.' " There was something in the old man's voice that brought Gaspard at once, half dressed as he was. ' Yes, my uncle, here I am,' he Baid. "'Who has touched this sack?—has thou? Who has taken of the contents ?—hast thou ?' demanded the old man, fiercely, as he pointed, with a quivering finger, to his violated pro perty. "' No, my uncle, certainly not I; that you know sufficiently well, without asking the ques tion,' answered the astonished Gaspard. The two men spoke habitually in a patois of Norman- French, although neither of them was at a loss to express himself in EngUsh when the neces sities of the case required that he should do so. "' Who, then, has touched it?—and where is the thief ?' asked Lebrun, as with glaring eyes he gripped his nephew by the wrist. " Gaspard shook his head, and gazed help lessly around. If his uncle's superior wisdom was at fault in the matter, how was it likely that he, a comparative ignoramus, could throw any Ught upon it ? " Neither could Pierre Lebrun himself, as it turned out, throw any light upon the matter. The premises were thoroughly searched for some traces of the thief; but, for once, the mUler's low cunning was completely at fault, and he went to bed that night a morose and baffled man. The one point of the case that puzzled both uncle and nephew was as to how the thief had obtained both ingress and egress, without in the least interfering with either window or doors. It was a point that drove sleep, except in brief, weary snatches, from the pUlow of Pierre Lebrun. If it was possible thus to enter j his mill without his cognizance of the mode by which such entry was effected, what portion of his property could be considered safe from de predation? Evidently none. Even Ufe itself was hardly secure under such circumstances. " Next morning it was a great reUef to find that nothing had been touched during the night. Several more mornings came and went, with a like result. It seemed as if the mysterious midi night visitor had satisfied himself, or herself, with one visit to the mill. Pierre Lebrun be gan to recover his spirits, and even ventured to joke grimly with his nephew about his loas; saying that it must have been the devU him self, and he alone, who had paid them a visit, being, doubtless, in want of a Uttle flour for his next batch of loaves. " A week or ten days had passed when, one morning, Gaspard heard himself caUed again. His uncle, with a face as white as his own flour, was standing, with straining eyes and fingers nervously intertwined. '"Look! look! mon enfant!' he said, in low, hoarse accents. ' The foul fiend has been here again whUe we slept. If this goes on I shaU be a ruined man.' I " As on the previous occasion, a sack of flour bad been opened, and part of the contents ab stracted. This time the thief had re-tied the mouth of the sack, but in such a clumay fashion that the miller's sharp eyes had at once detected the imposition. As before, the thief had come and gone, in spite of the bolts and bars with which the mUI had been secured over-night. The mystery was thickening, and Pierre Lebrun was nearly at his wits'-end. "He was an uneducated man, and conse quently, to a certain extent, a superstitious man. He had a lurking faith in ghosts and witch craft, but, for aU that, the theory of super natural agency, as connected with the loss of his flour, had no tangible reßting-place in his mind. He was too practical—he had too much of that common sense which is aovery common —to seriously harbor Buch an idea for long. No ; the thief who had stolen hia property was, without doubt, a common- place thief enough, quite amenable to imprisonment and hard labor if caught and convicted. But the maxim of Mrs. Glaaae holds equally good with thieves as with hares : the first requisite is to catch them. "But the hare that Pierre Lebrun longed to catch was evidently a very slippery animal and the question—What sort of trap ought to be set? was one that began to trouble the miller's mind to the almost entire exclusion of every other thought, and one which he could by no means decide to bis own satisfaction. And so several days and nights passed quietly away without action of any kind being taken by the mUler. Then, one morning, Gaspard was, for the third time, summoned by his uncle: for the third time Pierre Lebrun had been robbed of a small quantity of flour, and for the third time the thief had got clear away, without leaving anything behind by which he could be traced. " The mUler was furious. He stormed and raved about the mill, making use of anything j but exemplary language. ' Look here, little I one,' he said at last to his nephew, ' one way or | another, this sort of thing must be brought to lan end. I wUI watch in the mill with my big j pistol, and wUI either shoot the thief or catch I him next time he comes. In one, two, three, j four nights it wUI be time enough for me to be- j gin my watch. Ha! ha ! I wUI ahoot Mon- ! : sieur le Farceur. He shaU amuse himself at i my expense never again.' "As Lebrun had decided, so he acted. On the fourth night after the third robbery he sent | Gaspard to bed at his usual hour; and then, I having fastened up the Uttle establishment in the I customary way, he ensconced himself behind a ! j bundle of empty sacks in one corner of the , miU, armed with a huge old horse- pistol, into • which he had crammed a couple of buUets, and | twice as much powder as was necessary, and which, should an occasion for using it arise, was rather more likely to explode than to go off properly. Lebrun had also with him a smaU dark-lantern. "For three consecutive nights the miUer watched and waited, with the fierce patience of an old fox, for the coming of his prey; and for three nights hia waiting was in vain. ~On the fourth night, Lebrun was alone in the mill, Gas pard having gone to Rozel late in the afternoon with a load of flour, and with instructions to stay all night at Rozel, and return early next morning with a load of corn, which a customer had promised to have ready for him by that time. " Grey, hook-noßed, cunning-eyed old Pierre, had been dozing lightly in his lair, when, to wards 2 o'clock in the morning, he heard some thing that caused him to prick up hie ears, and brought back his scattered scenes with a shock. He took a firmer grasp of his pistol, saw that hia dark-lantern was ready to his hand, and raised himself noiselessly on his knees. The noise which he heard proceeded from the out side of tbe building, and could be caused only by some one who had no business in that remote spot at such an uncanny hour. As alreadv stated, the mUI had but one window, or open ing, which was rather high up in the waU, and had two upright iron bara running across its inner side, as a security against thieves, but had no other framework, and was left entirely un glazed. From Lebrun's hiding-place in the inner darkness of the mUI, this window showed like a faint blue transparency against the bright starlight outside. The noise ceased, and pre sently, to his intense astonishment, Lebrun saw, first the head, next the shoulderß, and then the body of Borne unknown person, apparently of the feminine gender, come into view, bit by bit, as it cautiously ascended—like a stage-ghost rising through a trap-door to slow music—tiU the whole body became visible, dimly outlined against the starUt sky, as it stepped noiselessly on to the window-siU. Lebrun did not require to be told by what means the ledge had been gained. Outside the mill, on two stout nails, hung a short ladder, of which he made use in many ways; but to-night had seen it put to a service for which its owner had never intended it, and Lebrun simmered with rage as this fact made itself apparent to his dull wits. " But his rage was largely mingled with sur prise when he saw the figure, after poising it self for a Uttle whUe in a listened attitude on the ledge, as if waiting to assure itself that aU waß quiet in the mUI, begin to squeeze itself, inch by inch, through the narrow aperture be tween the bars. ' I wouldn't have beUeved that anything over a chUd of twelve could have made its way through that opening,' whispered Lebrun to himself. It was easy enough for the figure to get its head through the bars, but it seemed to stick at the shoulders for full two minutes, and Lebrun laughed a silent sardonic laugh, and nodded his head grimly, feeling cer tain that the thief waa caught in a trap. But a little perseverance overcame the difficulty, as it had doubtless done on previous occasions. Then a puah, a wriggle, and a twht, and the intruder waa inside the mUI. Lebrun's shaggy brows came down over his darkling eyeß at this, and he ground bis teeth Uke a man in a fit. "' What was the intruder—a chUd or a wo man?' was the question that Lebrun now put to himself. If the latter, she must belong to a diminutive race: no woman of ordinary size could have squeezed herself through so narrow an aperture. But whether woman or chUd, there could no longer be any doubt as to her felonious intentions. As soon aB she was fairly inside, she leaped Ughtly from the window sUI on to a number of piled-up sacks of grain, and then slid to the ground. Stepping across the floor, almost as Ughtly as a cat could have done, and brushing close by Lebrun in his hiding place, Bhe made her way, like one to whom the place was famUiar, to where some tied-up sacks of flour stood ready for delivery. What her after movements might me, Lebrun could only guess at. If he guessed that at that very mo ment his flour was being stolen, he would prob ably not be far from the truth. " He was very impatient by this time, but he had not long to wait. In five minutes at the most from the time the figure brushed past him, it came gliding back again on its way to the window. He could just discern it by its being a shade blacker than the blackness that fiUed the inside of the miU. As it was in the act of passing him, he put out an iron hand and gripped it firmly by the shoulder. A woman's shriek, loud and shriU, but over in a moment; a savage bite with sharp teeth that met in the'fleshy part of his hand; a loud curse from the mUler as his fingers let go their grip; and next moment, as it seemed, the creature be had been holding had scrambled back to the window, and was dinging to the bars Uke an infuriated tiger-cat. But there she was stopped. Before ahe had got more than one arm through, the flaah of Lebrun's lantern smote her dazzled eyes, and hia deep, hareh tonee fell on her hear like the accents of doom. "'Come down this instant, or I wUI blow out your brains!' " StUl clinging to the bars with both hands, ahe turned over one shoulder a white face, and eyes dazed and full of deßpair. She hesitated, and the same terrible threat, deeper and harsher than before, echoed through her brain ; and there was something in the voice of the man who uttered it that told her it would not lack fulfilment. The bars seemed to be drawn out of her fingers, rather than her fingers to quit their hold of the bars; and, with a faint cry for mercy, Bhe feU back, a shivering, frightened heap, on to the pUed-up sacks." [concluded in oua nut.] 