HOW WINES ARE MADE ABROAD. [FKOH THE LONDON REVIEW.] Onr contemporary, tho Examiner, a short timo since, in a delightfully simple article on the question of the fabrication of wines, ex pressed with some sternness its opinion that ' withrospect to Angus Roach's story of cham pagne and other light French wines boing made at Cetto, it is simply a romance.' With this passage still lingering in our ears, what was our astonishment to como across tho following statement put forth in a standard French work, tho ' Encyclopodio Roret.' It is an extract from the article ' Culture et Tractment de la Vigno,' by Monsieur Lebeuf, a man who professes to have tho honor of his country at heart : — ' Imitations of Wines of Different Growths. — The flavor that tlie wines of Burgundy, Bordeaux, Macon, Chablis, Champagne and othors have acquired has tonipted tho cu pidity of tho wine merchants, and induced them to take these imitations1 with avidity. . . . The towns that excel in the art of imitation aro Cette, Bordeaux, Marseilles, Lune, Montepollier, and many other towns and countries of the south. . . . Those manu facturers undertake to moke all sorts of wino to order, mid they often produce very good imitations of wino, but thoy do not always re semble the type that they represent. That is of liltle importunco to them, for these products easily find a place, mid they aro required to be exported, and to fill tho Bbops of the re tuilers. There is an old Haying that may be quoted hero with reason, « There are more pur chasers thnn connoisseurs.' . On account of their cheapness these products find a rapid sale, and, adds Monsieur Lebeuf, ' peoplo are ss accustomed to them that they are oiten pre ferr3d to the real articles.' ' But possibly the reader would like to know what is the meaning of the term 'imitation wino.' ' We may answer bv asking what aro imitation diamonds ? It is simply a process of building up artificially u, liquid which is to bo passed off as a voritable product of nature Monsieur Lobeuf evidently thinks the process meritorious, for does he not toll us that many peoplo prefor wines so concocted to tho veritable produot of the grape ? When Madame Rachel wishes to make some ugly old woman ' beautiful for ever,' she proceeds much as our mentor doen with his: wino brewing. The tools with which she practises her art aro dyes, per fumes, spirituous wnshus, powders, &o.; ; with these she turns tho wom-ont old dowager into fresh eighteen. Monsieur Lebenf does exactly tha samo thing, with ono exception, to be men tioned presently. Imagine Bacchus seated in a chair and operated upon by the gentleman of Cetto. By a littlo artful ' amelioration,' a touch of tho brush here, a twinge of tho tongs there, a little 'Euglish powder' to soiten some little asperity, and a touch of dye te give brilliancy, and the god would scarcely recog nise himself when ho looked in tho glass. The chief aim of the lady-operator is directed to re juvonatiug the old ; the art of tho wine operator is, on the other hand, directed to produce the amenities of ago. A little stoving, a few chemical applications, and tho wine of yesterday is made to assume all the mellowness of having boon twenty years in bottle. The receipts that are given in Monsieur Lebeuf's work aro peculiar in ono respect, namely, the total absence, in most cases, of ono drop of tho real wine in the mixture that it is intended to represent. In deed, in this respect, when Madame Rachel, from an old frewsy ' wallflower,' has turned out a full-dross Venus, she may, and probably does, mako a similar reflection to herself. Possibly the exigencies of trado and the failures of the climate, which wo aVo informed only pro duces a good vintage in tho north of Franco once in tliree years, may in sQmo measure excuse tho matter - of - fact and open manner in which these ameliorations and imitations are conducted in France, but what sliallwe say to the seal of authority being put upon these arts by the Imperial Govern ment, before tho eyeB of Europe, in her Grand Industrial Tournament? We were cortainly startled by an announcement in Punch, under the head of 'Decorated Cheats,' that two noted Cetto houses, learned in these arts oJ wine fabrication, had boen honored by the rewards of the wine juries. Wo tnrned witk amazoment to tho lists. In these we found, under the head ' Imitation AVines,' tho fol lowing awards given : — ' Wachter and Co., Cette, bronze modal! Louis Koester and Co., Cetto, an honorable mention !' Well may Punch give a plr.ee to the complaints of a forger (sub rosa) that had he known the Imperial Government entertained that class of art, ho certainly should havo sent a few forged bank notes to the Grand Exposition in hopes of a similar reward. After this sample of the judi ciousness with which these international awards have been distributed, it may bo fairly asked — What is the value of an Exposition medal ? When wo soo would-be connoisseurs inhaling the delicate bouquet of the wine, that most ? probably has been purchased at the grocer's round tho comer, wo aro reminded that theso bouquets, in all but tho very finest ; vintogas, are the triumphs of the chemist rather than a product of tho grape. MrPiesse, the ? perfumer, tells us that some of the most delicate imitations of the odors of flowers aro produced in the laboratory from the most repnlsivo substances ; in the samo manner, flavors used in confectionery and sweetmeats are called forth by art from refuse. There is a most delicate Jargonel-pear flavor, for instance, which is distilled from rotten cheese ! The bouquets the nine connoisseur feels for so deli cately with his nose are often referable to sources equally disgusting. ? : , J The ports and sherries advertised at . cutting : prices by the family grocer, it is needless to say, are never the pure produca of:'Portoga _ — ? and Spain. Port is often made of some low Spanish wine, dyed with elderberries and fortified with spirit. Sherry U fabricated of Marsala or Cape, not forgetting the imported Bpirit, which the Englishman calk the 'bite SEtool thfmiddleclass fjp the value of herry depends upen its strength; they little think that alcoh.l (proof spirit) is one of the cheapest beverages procurable. Its average price is about one Bhilling and six pence a gallon. Enormous quantities of spirit distilled from potatoes mid other roots are annually exported to Spam and Portugal from England, nnd it comes back te us m the gtrong wineB which Englishmen have sworn by for this list hundred years, and which have seen several generations of old ' under the table ' The art of tho fabricator has so long prevailed in respect to port and sherry that a whollv fictitious taste has been formed, which is utterly unlike those wines as drunk in bpam and Portugal. Thus conventional ideas are fosterod concerning these wines such as no crapes can really produce. ' Sherry, says Mr Ford in his ' Gatherings f--om Spam, ' is a foreign wino whicliis drunk by foreigners; nor Jo the generality of Spaniards like its strong flavor, and still less its high price. . ? ? ? More of it is swallowed at Gibraltar at the messes than in either Madrid, Toledo or Sala manca. . . . The men employed in the sherry vaults, and who bavo therefore that drink at their command, seldom touch it, bnt invariably, when their work is done, ro to the neighboring shop to refresh themselves with a glass of innocont Mauzinilla.' If our reader wishes to know how port is mado he has only to read the last report of Mr Lytton, tho charge d'affaires at Lisbon. But to return to M. Lebenf and tlio ingenious Method he gives as universally practised in France to make good wiuo out wf bad, and voting uino old and mellow. It is easy to conceive, says this ingeuions gentleman, tho im portance of giving age to wine, and all the at tempts that havo been umde to advance it ns rapidly as possible. There aro three systems of making wine old. First, being old by age, that is to say. natnrally. Secondly, ageing it by a stove or hothouse. Thirdly, ageing it chemically. M. Lebouf considerately admits ' natural' age is always preferable' in wine, but as an artist ho insists that 'tho others have great merit.' With a touch of patriotic virtue, which sits well upon him, he adds, 'Wo never adviso ageing wine, cither artificially or chemically, when it is good. He must be an enemy of one's country and of good wine to rrive such advice.' This virtuous outburst is scarcely called for. Wo should never suspect even men of M. Lebeuf's stamp guilty of tho folly of olectro-gilding sovereign*. He re pudiates tho plan of maturing wines artificially by placing them in hot-beds of horses' and sheep's dung, as these moans aro not bo good as the hot stovo. Giving wines ago chemically is o ranch more elaborate nfiiiir. Mr Ford tells us that young sherry is placed upon a bed of gypsnm in Spain, which, at a stroke, destroys all its tartrates and makes it appear mellow and round,;bnt which in reality destroys its vitality. Time will precipitate those crystals without destroying them beforo thoy have done their work in maturing the wino. Shorry so treated is fiat and unprofitable', like beer a little ' pricked ' that has been ' corrected' by the addition of carbonate of soda, and so reduced to a frothy* insipidity. A ~nn».1inn- 4-rt T. «li nrt fa vnnlr»H f f\ TT- Jl.lt ft' TifllT wino old, ' in order to mako 230 quarts you must take :-ne quart of viellesseur, ono quart of pe nard (if for Burgundy), thirty drachms of English powder; diluto these chemical snbstances in two quarta of water, pour it into tho cask and shake it violently ; the next day do it again once or twice ; three days afterwards clarify it again with the English powder, give a little air for eight days, draw it off after being clarified into a good cask, and add the' bouquet, either tho pomard or the Medoc juice.' If such be the process poor French, wines have to go through bofore they can bo made palatable, wo snould know if this is tho ' good, sound claret,' at twelve shillings a dozen, we find advertised in grocers' and tavernkeepers' windows. Tho Lancet last woek gives a scientific analysis of Bordeaux wines, but there is no men tion mado of tho ' Poudre Anglais ' which plays such a part in 'beautify- ing' the poor wines grown across tho Channel. . If our contemporary, by this analysis, hopes to givo its readers any clue to tho real valuo of tiio wino we drink, wo fancy he will be mistaken. As well may lie attempt to describe a beautiful faco by giving ' tho dimensions of the nose, the mouth, aud the diameter of the oyes, as to givo the flavor and other valuable qualities of wine by a confusing column of figures referring to their specific gravity, volatilo acids, absolute alcohol, &c;, an array of ingrediouts, in short, ten thousand ? times more perplexing and 'headachy' to contemplate than liradshaw's Railway Guide. Moulder, a great analyst, has already como to the conclusion that 'all that can bo said of good wine is that it is good ; ' and as far as we cun see, the only value of the Lancet Ansilytio Commission will bo to afford certain pushing wine merchants the means of making extracts from its highly flattering reports, which the palate of the educated public most certainly cannot endorse. There seom9 little reason to doubt that the 89-called light wines of France are no more to be depended upon as pure than tho heavier and wore alcoholised wines of the Peniusnla made oxpressly for the British market. The sun in Bordeaux and Burgundy is but rarely suffi ciently powerful to thoroughly ripen the grapes, hence the necessity for the addition of alcohol to givo tho wino strength. But, it may be asked, why is the same addition of spirit made to the swset must be produced by the tropical hoat of Spain aud Portugal ? The answer is, that the English demand from Spain and Por tugal qualities in tho grape that it can never furnish. Wo must not only have a sweet wine, but a strong one, two qualities that are entirely antagonistic to each other in pure v.'iuo. But, as Mr Crawford Bays, '' a fine port may bo considered as a. work of art as well as a production of nature ;' and this is the way tho wiue- artists set to work. In order to preservo tho sweetness in the wine, it is dosed with from 15 to 20 per cent, of alcohol ; this addition prevents further fermen tation taking place, and a luscious, hot com pound is the result — a wine which tho mer chant tells us is suited to tho fastidiens tasto of the civilised Briton, but which no other nation in Kuropo will touch ! Thus, whether the wind blows hot or cold, tho modern Rachels of the vineyard are compelled by us ' to improve' the complexion of Bacchus by tho addition of spirituous essences, and other cunningly con trived additions of art, until every natural fea ture of the generous god is lost in the pro cess. An American Tube Well. — In consequence of the extraordinary success attending the ex periments made at the Royal Engineer field works with tho new American invention for boring for and obtaining water at any depth, 100 of tho American tube wells, instead of 50, as originally ordered, havo been despatched from Chatham for use along the line of route to be taken by the troops in Abyssinia. The trials made at Chatham prove that with this inven tion a well can bo bored in tho space of a few hours, and a constant supply of water obtained. — Times. Road Making. — In former ages, when the best trained architects of Italy were genorally priests, tho art of road making there ranked so high as a means of civilisation that 'royal and noble sinners very literally paved their way to heaven, and reached the gates of para dise by causeways, made on earth. St. Bene dict laid the basis o£ his' own canonisation with, the first stona of the famous bridge of Avignon; which, says Pope Nicholas V., was raised by the inspiration of the Holy Ghost.' Admit ting this, our most scientific pioneers, though not themsolves conscious of the fact, are. them selves fast scaling the ascents to heaven itself while enabling the world at large to rise shove the clouds by means of thoir philosophy ; and with regard to the mighty feat of engineering science now crowned with success on the;Bum mit of Mount Cenis, it may in sober earnest here bo asked, what would have been thought of :it in those ' dark ages' of Italy when to build a bridge and clear a forest were daeds, of salvation, for tlio next world as for this ? — One a Week. . ' : .,-? ? 'V. ;. .'.?:? ..?:?:? : I 