NORTHERN IIOI'TICULTURAL SO. CIETY. The montlhly meeting of this Society was held at the Brisbano Hotel last evening, Mr. J. D. Hattin in the chair. Mr. Freeston tendered his resignation as Treasurer of tboe Society and member of the Committee, and the same was acceop. ted. A voto of thanks was sacor dod to Mr. Freeston, .- and -a hligh compliment was passed upon him for his ener gotio services. Mir. J. D. tHattonwas elected to the vanant office. Three entries were received for the prize of £2 2s. for the best kept cottage garden. Tile following paper was read by Mr.W.' Drummond (gardener toW. Gunn, Esq.);-. cULTUaB up Pro nosls. Thbisbeleg about the season of the year at?which to commence the culture of pot roses, sod ascer tauily for the little expense and trouble incurred nothltng could yield a more satisfactory return, it has occurred to me that it can only be necessary to make their capabilities known to ensure for them very general-estimation and adoption. The plants should be selected from healthy two year old specimenes which have made from four to five vlgoroes shools:in the pr'ecding sunimer; they can he lifted front the open ground, care being taken to preserve as many of the oyoung fibrous roots as possible. All of them sltould be growing on their own bottoms (as the unrserymen express it) that Is, not prodoced from bads inserted on another stock. These I greatly prefer, oil accout of the liability of the plants to protrude suckers from the base Ol thle stems, a feature cols. mott to the whole family. These, from their more immediate vicinity to the roots, are sure to obtain the largest supply of nutriment, ard this, when withdrawn front the system of the planbt by an alien shoot, which has afterwards to ,'b, removed, is a direct robbery of the legitrimie hranches' if -how'ever the sacker is of the same kind as the head, it can of course be regulated so 'as to contribute towards tiho; general -mprove. 'ent :of the plant, and is then rather an advan. tage than a loss. Tile soll used Ibtr potting should conslst'oldhiefly rich tarly loim enriched slth rotten manure from an old melon bed, and the mass, mde.porous with a considerable quaon. lily of'grit; the Iproportions to .be two .of- ,oam two -of' anuire, 'and one 'of said. 'Tae pots should be rather larger than would be neces.' eory to contain the .roots whitout crtatming t and after the process of poltlng'has been completed, and the strongest of the shoots shortened back five or six joints, the plants should be plunged -for the winter to the time of the pots Is coal ashes, with only an' ocnca asibmal poteetioo frbot the severe frosts of sprint. by mesas of mast thrown over them. Thils Is flly suliclent for the kinds chosen, asothey are chiefly Perpetuals and their hybrids. Of course, for the tender varieties of the China and Bourhon tribes, a pit or frame would be quite.indispensable. Ti he pruning should be done, between the beginning aecd middle of Aegust,' a aheort time tiefore the' buds begin to' bhrit 'into leal, wheh the number and strengthl of the flower.besiroig shoots for the cnuing'senson can :hbe ascertained -jltb the greatest exsaltitide. From the time the lower-buds make their appearaneo until their ekpensioe is tile-only time wlhenuLroses in pots can, bosid to requite attention, bat then it mls: ib ?iven them.' W\Vatir is required nearly every day, varied about twice a week with liquid isianue; and it Is equally necessary that they sbou!d be gone over Lt the amotlme anddexamined carelully, In order to prevent ravages of the erubs which secrete themselves In the young leaves and bude, and, i'not reomved, speedily destroyr tihe whole crop of : oweril; 'nor is there any effective remedy for this, -besides pickig them off by hand, which most be continued with out omission whilst there is a bud :upon the plants. '. i Tlhe ?beauty of the blooming'perlbd will 'ltee' greatly heighlened atndprolouged if the entire codllection can be'removed to, atgreeahoueaso of sonii siimlar 'proecting addlest,; and as It o. oura at the most plensant part of the year, the regular inllnitalnts of thtoe strualures may be taken out to ntlltd rooim fr their atheirsutor rivals. It will he decidedly ladvantnileou bothll tt o tlhe Ieal h of tIll p slllts nlll helir genloral uppeaor anlce, if they Satil be ccnommodatled with this statlion a fortnightl or thlree weeks lbefor tihey llloom, as the leaves are thllon roltected Ironl lin jlury lcn siloned il bly hitnnlnatioins of the wvnatler, ill ni adi itlio ni villr iimparted to the O ln otnts, while nti air of high eiltivatili sill IPervndeo thl whole. It is then tltat roses Itly be oeon in perlicilaon. To attempt l a dleseription of thllit in this state would he idle t they mns111 be sLoon it tiheir ba:oty to bie duly snd properly appres cilted. Immlediately after the floweriing ins over, remove the plnnits Ifrom the greenhouset n to a sheltered silllilati by the ie side of a w ll anti regularly supplay thein with wnter until theiy haiiVe madlle luxuriant growth, sufllolent to llltie iI fille display Ithe next yeur nearly na iltl ter f cerltilnty. They should remain undller shelter utlil Iho retulrn of winter weather, when the lllunging lmust he re pelted, anstd ili same roultile of ionasgertent re. newed. Ily allowing the plants to bloom nt the nsatural rsonotl, and remoliving themln directly it is over, they do not iolerlere will the culture of any otler clnosu except pelarginiums.; for, os a general rule, cilernrias anit cnalcol?rias ale dosne tbefiore Ill roses require the splace which they occupieid, anld imlllcdittlely lfter themr wouldl colme f'usclina, &t.; I thus thi erection would lie a coll tionued m.ss of tlloon,n with also a constasnt chanlge, ond iluch admulirtion wolll, wiitanlt doulbt, te expressed ona vievwing thoe several cot. lections, lunt especially witll referenlce to the plants which ore the snhject of the present paper, FunTriEtr PtOrOGATION OF PARntLIAENT. -At tie close of last session all adjournment was mnade to 4th June. WVe observe by tihe Gazette that a filrther pirorogationl until 28th July is lproclaimed, when Parliament will meet for tile despatch of business. MAIN LINts ot RAILWAY.-TihO Tnastlanian limes sanys :-Srveral surveyors and their men haIe been employed during the last few days surveying two routes to oninect the survey by Mr. Innes of the proposed Main Line Railway from the third milestone, withll he terminus in town. One of the pro posed routes goea alonlg Park-street, norots the eadldlo oear thll lrickfields Depot, and then across tlie plains of Now Town at the back ot the Race-course io tho third mile-stone at O'lrien's Bridge. 'ITheo other route pro posed goes out into tihe Domain, and skirls the River Dorweot as far as Now Town Bay, and then takes the same route as thoe irat named one. These surveys are under the di rection of the Commission now sitting on the Main Lino Railway question, and preparing information and plans to be submitted to Par liament. when in session. TIn JunL Box.-On Tuesday, Mr. George Castley, a juror, called tihe attention of the judge to the bad condition of the jury box, which allowed of such ao draught of air that he generally caught the rheumatism Iby sitting there. His Honor said he would have the complaint forwarded to the proper quarter.. Mr. Cattley: "I. have heard that said before, your Honor" (laughter). Surnstss CounTr.--Tbo Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court at Launceston will commreho this morning. The following pri.' soners are awaiting trial: Johnl Palmer .and Eleanor Palmer Charged with concealing birth of a child. Charles Burke-Manslaughter at Dale. ruine, on 21st Feb. last. William Green-Burglary at Doloraino. Johns Naughton, alias Tierney, and Allicthael Bmrne-Assault and attempt to rob, at Chester, near Deloraine, on 12th Haroh. WPilliam Baker-Stealing a horse on 21st Feb. - Patrick. Oavanagh-Indecont assault, on 17th April. . "roeibald ,!lompson-Stealing at 'Dalo. rainoe,.on 20th May, an opossum-skin rug.. Robert Soert-Pig stealing. Robert Battles- Sheepstealing. RWe nnderstand no, bill has been filed against 'the prisoners" John and Eleanor IPalmer, and they will be o isoharged this morning by proclamition. . TsE WcATrIIEn.-A conspicuods halo sur rounded the moon on Tuesday' night, and early on Wednesday inorning rain began to fall, with the wind from tle south. It soon, however, cleared up, and before nuion the sun was shining brightly. LostooF n WottIrNo MEN's CLU.-lThe Rev. M. B:' Broewrigg will deliver n lecture at Longford, to morrow ovening, on the atmo sphere and atmospheric phenomena. - • . S?Dn DisTnIDUTION.-A correspondent under thos non de plume "Nimrod," writing from Avoca on let inst., says :-" Another of these events which have.of late caused so much interest in racing circles has ;just come ofl at Avooca The valuaablo stud of Mr. Joseph Woods so well kown in the distriot, was last week d'isposed of by lotlery,, with eminently amifefactory results, both to the owner and the dompetitors. The chiof prize, the well known horse ' Polepin' who thas long been tlhe terror of country'raeo meetings, and wavs for merly the property of Francis Lord, Esq.,' lainte of Grayfort ; fell to:tho lot;,for the present, of a non-racing man, but is likely to become the property of a gentleman of sporting proalivi. ties, resident at Fingal, and.thus this valuable racer may not yet bo lost to the Turf. Every. thing went off pleasantly,.and a social evening wound up the piroceeding.s.. , R'?A'Ueaint?-Su anFIse of IlonAIRT TowN. Referring tb the retirement of Mr. Crouoh the Liroeiuy says :- :Mr.'Rothwell has been ap.. pointel in his place at a salary of £300 a year. Mr. Crouch's pension is oalculated on hI rtl. hreo and a half years' service, and will amount-ti- about-£400 a year. The govern ment hope to save' £850 a year by thlis arrangement. According to thie lasmanians simes' Mr. Oronoli's pension is 3671. 10s per utnum. Mr. Ruthwcll has Eorved 32 years in tbheShtor;lflduofellc' His elohrtion is from Clhief.:Clork at 2801. a-ylear to 3001. as Under.8Sheriff. 11o is to be allowed the asis lanpe of' ajunior'clerk. BAPTIST COarAIL, Yomr.aTrnanrT-A seoial too-mooting was hold in oonnoxion with tho pastor's hible class in the above place on Tues. day evening lost. The vinnds wore suppled by Mr. W. B. Doan in his usual snmptons style. The members of the aoas with their friends not down to tea at 0.30, and after duly attending to the wants of the "outward malln," n interesting meooting was held under the presidenoy of the Rny, F. Hibbord. The engagements wore commeoneood with r hymn, followed by earnest prayer by Mr. Williamson, one of the deacons of the ohuroh. The chair man then proceeded to give a sucinct account of the formation of the claes, and the course of studios pursued. A class was formed on August 20th, 1807, for the females, and another on September 2nd for the males. These continued separate till October 22nd, when it wne thought desirablo to unite them The prabllcs of our Lord had afforded them an excellent series of studies. They had gone tltroneh twenty-two of them with groat eore. The chairman also stated that heo had given a lecture on Blaspheomy against thboe Holy Ghost, and five weeks had boon spent in ex pounding the 24th chapter of Matthew. The members, he was happy to say, were regular in their attendauce, and evinced unabated in terest in the lessons imported. It was his opinion that the bible class if properly col dueted was boltter caloulated to meet the wants of the times than any other agency I he could testify to the ndvantages nrising from an early acquaintanco with the scriptures. A mind stored with biblicahl knowledge was In posses. slon of a treasure of which it could not be robbed by any power. Hie had spent some of the sweetest moments he had known in Liaun. oouton in that plane amongst his young friends. He believed that God would honor the effort by mnking it instrumental in tiring ing many into His church who should bhe qualified for extensive usefulness, IHo would take this early oppor tunity of expressing the thanks of the class to their dear friend and pastor, H. Dowling, to the deacons, and to the kind friends who had honored them with their presence. He was glad to say that a lively interest was felt in the spiritual welfare of the young, and he believed the time would soon come when God would abundantly bless this undertaking. Mutual conversation fol. lowed the opening address which lusted shove ten minutes, 'then another hymn was sung, and M'. H. Dowling the senior danoon ad dressed the class. Uo spoke in feeling terms of the spiritual instruction e lihad received from a sainted mother. He testified to the ndvautagoof having the mind early imbued with divine truth, and assured them that if permitted to attain to his years they would look back with sacred pleasure upon these studies. 3othl the pnastor and the young around him were remembered at a time and place when the most effectual blessingsoonld be sought for them. A short space of time was given up to friendly converse, when the chairman read over a third hymn, which was song with spirit. The Rev. H. Dowling then spoke amid the breathless eilen-e of all present. He touched upon the relationships of the Church, enumerated some of her privileges, and gave a few pages from his youthful history. He conjured his young friends to continue their studies with avidity, and craved the Divine blessing on all present.. This was followed by a short inter. val, when a fourth hymn was sung, and Mr. Cater gave a pleasing account of his efforts in London. A class first gathered by him and his;dear wife had issued in the "Young Women's Christian Association." He wenton to speak of the claim which the young had upon us, and finished by urging the youth of the audience to make the best use of the val uable instruction which they were receiving now. After another hymn had been sung this delightful meeting was brought to a close by the chairman who engaged in prayer and pronounced the benediction. It seemed tobe the unanimous wish of all present that many meetings of a similar nature might be held 'frdm time to time. : PREnsRNATION TO iMR. IRELAND.-The TWPest Coast Timees of the 23rid ult. say-: 'Last evening, iat the Hlarp of Erin Hotel, a presentation of a gold watch and chain was adoe to Mr. Ireland, in roeognitin of his able conduct of the defence in the late poli tical trials. Tihe offering was of some eighty guineas in value, and the watch bore an in scription, to the effect that it was a gift from 'Mr. Ireland's ' Countrymen and Friends.' Tithe social meeting at which the presentation took place was, a very pleasant one. :Ainongst the toasts drunk wore ' His Honor itho Juidge,'' the Attorney General' (proposed by Ar. Irelannd), and others of both a loyal and patriotic character." Iincruvn.-Tho Rev. M. B. Brownrigg, of Ross, will, deliver a leoture this evening in the Mechanics' Institute on "The Atmos phere and Atmospholio Phenomenn,"- illus trated by diagrams, models, and oxperi. ments. F?iJ.-Tmportant news from Fiji was brought to Lyttelton, on the 18th ult', by thoý schooner Jeanio Duncan. Captain Shepherd reports "that King Thakambau is fighting with' the native mountaineers who killed Mr.; Baker. On the day Ihe left there was a great battle between the tribes; the king lost 180'uien,' anid was victorious ; the loss of the othe?i titNst lhave been great, the Christian natives being armed with muskleets. News is 'brought of the murder of Captain Hayes, of the brig Ronn, which left here some time since. It is stated that the captain and nmate lanl a quarrel on board, and that they went on shlore to fight a duiel.. As soon tas the Captaini~stoppled out of hiris boat, the mate drew a revolver aned shot him diead. 't'he mate then went on board and weighed anchlor. 'The hlurriclane last year Ihving destroyed aill the cocoanut"trees, theru is no oil on the islands."'dt Naly INvALIn Dca'or.-The altoradlons and repairs to the old military barracks nro nearly completed, and owing to the pressure on the Government from the inability of the Boenevo lent Society to meet the demands made upon its funds, it Is iniandrd to ooenpy lIo now promises immediately. Some of the Invalids will lie at once removed from the Hospital, which is now overcrowded, and' the most urgent onsesn of pauperism on the Benevolont Society's books. Trin VACANoY FORn KINOnoonooo.-In Taosdny's H. T. ,lercury appeared a letter signed "Hlomo" relative to this oloetion, dotliling matters proving, as the writer con sidered, that Dr. Crowther " was not the man f~r the vaanney." After the publiantion of thin letter Mr. Canadell, ns selicitor to Dr. Crowther, applied to the proprietor of the l[erour/ to be furnished with the name of thn writer. This Mr. Davies refused to do, but instead supplied the name of his solicitor, Mr. J. W. Graves. ADELAIDnu HOSPITAL.-tpa. connection witlf tleo now hospital regulations (says the Register) it may boe stated that the Board are advertising for a senior house surgeon; salary £400, with "apartments and ra tions." 