THE THEATRE ROYAL. Possibly Mr. Coppin's'opin ion of the theatri cal taste of the Adelaide public underwent some modification if he was present at the " Royal" on Monday evening, and he might come to the conclusion that Shakspeare's plays in the hands of actors who are able to exhibit a true con ception of his characters' will hot fail'to draw large audiences. Every part of the house was crowded, and the delight of the whole assembly amounted to enthusiasm. Mr. Montgomery, on appearing as Hamlet, met with bursts of cheering. Anticipation was excited to' the utmost respecting hit rendering of the character; but criticism was soon over, and its place sup plied; by feelings of delight and admiration. No actor who has preceded Mr. Montgomeiyh'n Adelaide has achieved so complete a triumph in bis impersonation of Hamlet. He seems to have perfectly , conquered all temptation' 'to those exaggerations' of. violence in voice and manner to which most tragedians giveaway in their representation of the''mad Prince. His melancholy brooding over his father's murder, the stern resolve, the insanity, feigned or real, the intensity of anguish and tempests of wrath, all. were painted in vivid but lifelike colb|%. Nothing was overstrained; / the subdued anger, occasional outbursts of passion, galling sarcasm, .soliloquy, were natural throughout.,. The acting was not of the stage stagey, but had all the effect of reality. Voice, expression,--and manner were suited to each change of scene, ana to every varying mood. The audi ence were entranced, and even : the' de fects in . some of the. other characters scarcely could mar the.-.effect.* of the grand central figure. Mr. Montgomery was far more effectively supported than we expected. Mr. Holloway quite took the house by surprise as the Ghost of the murdered monarch, his voice being subdued, sepulchral, and solemn, his manner at once quiet and unearthly. A hearty round of applause rewarded his delivery of Jthe dialogue with. Hamlet. Mrs. Holloway ap peared to advantageous the Queen, though at times there was a want of animation-in her rendering/of some of the most thrilling scenes. Miss St. Denis's Ophelia was a remarkably skilful piece of acting, and those who only saw her'in this character at the ' Town Hall could enjoy her representation of it under?" so much more favorable . circumstances. The madness, of,:the poor stricken orphan is a most difficult part to represent, .'so easily might a ludicrous turn be given /to Ophelia's most touching manifestations of grief and derangement £but in these, scenes Miss St. Denis acquitted herself with striking success. Mr. Welsh personated the guilty Claudius, and where the players hold up'the mirror of his own conduct to the fratricide, ;the expression of guilt and horror was very natural. There was- con siderable merit in Mr. Lawrence's rendering of Laertes, the only fault.being at times rather too much stiffness. Mr. Stanley" and Miss Melville, got through the dramatic scene passably enough. Miss Forde made a good page, " Mr. Greyilie was of course in his: element as the' Gravedigger, and gave* full point " to all the" humor of the dialogue. '/The . other , characters were repre sented "endurably," though the courtiers were not particularly courtly/either in style" or de livery. . We must not forget Mr,. Rogerajs Polonius, which Was made decidedly'too; coin jp. Polonius was fussy and verbose, but 'there /was nothing of the buffoon about/huh. His advice to his son on starting for France was omitted, and the.old man was, hardly treated ./fairly in having his" Weaknesses exposed, and- his sound moral philosophy ignored. ' Mr.- '"Montgomery was called before the curtain at ther close of each act,, and.received; an1 ovation .at' the final fall of the curtain. To-night, Mr. Montgomery will appear as Louis XL, and those'who wish'to see finished and polished acting, wffl be gratihed by an evening at the Royal.' 