ANOTHER FENIAN RAID— THE LAST PRANK OF THE DEAD. ' The ' extinct' Fenians have been playing an other of the strange freaks by which their un buried ghosts would seem to amuse themselves occasionally. As usual the ghostly apparition took place in the broad daylight. There were, however, in the last escapade some peculiar and almost remarkable incidents which distinguish it from the feat of sacking a gunsmith's shop or even that of plundering a Martello Tower. It seems that the ' ancient c\ty of Youghal is blessed with the presence of a Protestant rec tor who unites to many amiable qualities and a great deal of bigotry an intense passion for all tho remnants and usages of mediaeval chivalry. He possesses, it seems, a private fortune ample enough to enable him to gratify these pursuits, and at a short distance from Youghal he has built a little mimic feudal castle. which bears the high-sounding name of 'Heathfied Towers.' It is, we are told, furnished with its turret, its battlements, and its keep. An alarm bell swings above the roof, and a cannon is mounted on its loftiest tower. Beneath, in a Gothic hall, are gathered together weapons of every size and kind. The spear, the battle-axe, and the sword are piled up with, matchlocks and arquebuses, and some firearms of more modern construction. The armoury of the reverend gentleman is said to be equally creditable to his military and his antiquarian tastes. It presented, it seems, a tempting prize to some of the benighted ghosts of Fenians who still haunt the neighbourhood of Youghal, and eight of them on Sunday last made au attempt to carry off the arms of the chi valrous rector. They selected the hour of noon while the Protestant prayers were going on in the old St. Mary. In their ignorance of the v;ays of parsons they fell into the mistake of supposing that the rector, of necessity, went every Sun-' day to church. This strange miscalculation caused the failure of the enterprise. Instead of fioding the castle ungarded they met the reverend warder at his post. The accounts are not very clear as to the numbers or nature of the garrison by whom he was supported. It is said in one that he had only his wife and a ser vant woman. One male domestic was un questionably in the hands of the assailants out side. As far as we can gather from the conflict ing statements, it would seem that another was with the defending party inside the walls. Be this aa ifc may, the door of the castle waa shut in the fa^e of the invaders. A brisk fire opened upon them by the garrison. The besiegers, we are told, returned ifc. It was, however, on both sides a very harmless fusilade. Kot a single human bein^ was hurt — a very strong proof, we Ernst aav, of the ghostly character of the encoun ter. The assailants, it is true, put the rector's servant in the front- -the rector did not like to shoot his servant even for the sake of popping a Fenian in his rear. But the fact is unquestion able— not a human being on either side was hit — and just as the stout door was yielding to the blows of the assailants — an alarm was given that the police were coming. Tke siege was raiaed aud the besieging force retired in good order. They carried off with them their prisoner whom they presently released, having first sworn him never to inform against any of the party The police did come, and although the enemy had for some time departed, they found the rector still valiantly firing out from the loop holes in the castle wall. So brisk was the fire that ifc was with difficulty the police got near enough to tell him they were friends. Search was made everywhere for the Fenians with the U3ual result. There was no trace of them to be found. They had vanished into air or sunk into the ground. * Whither they went or how they disappeared no one can tell. Gone they were, and neither police nor parson nor country people could tell how. The neighbourhood is a thickly-populated one. It i». almost in the suburbs of Youghal, which 'was ou that day more than usually crowded by au influx of excursionists from Cork. Yet eight men, armed to the teeth, with their faces covered with^crape, disturbed the whole neigh bourhood by'a sharp rattle of shots, and then walked off without being caught. . ; Later in the evening the coachman who had been made prisoner appeared. He recqgniBed oue of them among the returning excursionists. N*t a particle of evidence has been found to corroborate this; identification. The transaction presents the nsual features— an attack made in the open day in a crowded neighbourhood, and no information given by any of the neighbours. How can these things be? I It is treason, we believe, to doubt for a moment the loyalty of the people. All the Judges and Cabinet Ministers have sworn that the people abhorred and detest those wicked Fenians ! There was not an inhabitant of the whole country side who, if he could only have caught sight of theca, would not have hunted them to the death ! ! How very marvellous it is. that through such an intensely hostile people these eight men escaped unnoticed. Even Judge Keogh must be startled at the singular fact. He may even say, as his brother Fitzgerald did of the last raid upon the gunshop in Cork, that 'it does look very like as if they had th« sympathy of , the people living near.' But certainly the eight Fenians escaped. No one saw them ;?. no' one was startled by the sound of , the volleys which, rolling round, the buttresses of the Castle, woke the echoes of the vale, but ' not the loyalty of its' inhabitants. These Fenians possess among other strange attri butes that of invisibility. It is only to be ac counted for on the thoery that they are ghosts ! Flesh and blood could never have walked oft from the vigilant loyalty of the population that lies within sound of the alarm bell of 'Heath- field towers.' There is something picturesque in the whole transaction which almost reminds us of the ro mance of mediseval times. A Protestant parson entrenched in his little feudal caatle upon a Sabbath noon gallantly defending his castle, and pouring out volleys of shots upon his assailants, while 1-he stout doors shook beneath the ' blows that came faster and thicker on its planks, and the alarm bell swung out its peal of terror to sum mon help from the neighbouring town. The scene would have been one for the pen of Sir Walter Scott to describe. It is downright prosaic to say that if Parson Drew had gone last Sunday morn ing to church his whole armory would have dis appeared as mysteriously as did the bag in which Mr. Allport's rifles were packed. There is a moral in every tale ; there are some tales in which there are more than one. This little story teaches us two obvious ones. — Parsons who keep feudal castles and armories had better stay at home to watch them even on the Sabbath day. Fenian foraging parties ought not rashly to as sume that a Protestant parson necessarily goes to church. If we go a little deeper we might fine two more — Although Fenianism is, as we all know, dead, its ghost can sometimes assume the form of parties who carry of arms. Whenever arms are carried off a blindness unaccountably falls on the whole population whether in the country or town- — irishman. 