MISMATCHED COUPLES. Matrimony cannot change human cha racter; and when two ..persons of essentially antagonistic natures are unfortunately united . in its bonds, it is only by the -exercise of mutual forbearance that they can hope- to live together in peace and amity. Intellect^ therefore, should never mate with' im WWMIVJ} UUA |JL1UW«.£S1.W TVJ.UU tUllUVIlfVUVJ} nor purity with grossness. No good -ever came of such unions, yet they take place every day. Passion blinds the judgment iu these cases, and when' the love-lamp goes out and the ordinary day-light looks in, one of the parties, at least, is sure to stand aghast at the realities which it re veals. The most foolish thing that a fool can do is to marry a highly-gifted woman. His vanity — for all weak men are vain — is sure to take fire at the discovery, which' will soon.be forced upon him in spite of his stupidity, that his wife is his superior. If he is of a brutal nature, he will endea vour to shelter his natural inferiority be hind his marital authority,- and taunt and torture the being who, by right of mind, if not by law, is his suzerain. If, on the contrary, he falls helplessly into the posi tion of a dependent, and submits quietly to be guided and governed by the stronger nature to which he has allied himself, he will simply be pitied and despised, ' In either case, he will have cause to' regret that he married above Ms intellectual de gree, and the lady that' she stooped to 'conquer. ' . !? More unfortunate Btill are thpBia- mik- unions in which baseness is made the yoke fellow of virtue. Love, or anything ap proaching to it, is impossible in such con- . tingencies. Who can feel any affection for what is vile and mean — who respect what is gross and sensual ? Not all the marriage vows that ever we're made can'' compel the heart to an allegiance so monstrous. Nor is the low-souled man, mis-allied with a lofty-minded, pore-hearted -woman, much less miserable than she. He is' not capable, indeed, of the acute anguish to which her keen sense of shame and consci ousness of degradation . and wrong con tinually subject her ; but, according to his currish nature, he suffers. It lias -been well said of such a man that he becomes wretched when the idea dawns opon him that the woman who does his bidding, and submits to his humours, is, in fact, Ids superior, and ought to ~be his lord ; that she can think a thousand thoughts beyond the power of his muddled brain ; that in the head on the pillow opposite to him lie a thousand feelings, mental mysteries, latent scorns and rebellions, whereof be only dimly perceives the existence as they look furtively from her eyes ; treasures of love doomed to perish without a hand to gather them; sweet fancies and images of beauty that might grow and unfold them selves into flower ; bright wit, that Blight glitter like diamonds could it be brought into the sun ; and the tyrant in possession . crashes the outbreak of all these, drives them back, like slaves, into the dungeon - and the darkness, and then chafes at the. . thought that his swdrn bondwoman is re bellious— his wretched subject undutiful and refractory at heart, if not in deed.- — Fanny Fh*k. Foebiddikg the Baukb.— The following is a verbal copy of a letter lately received by a clergyman in Pittsburg, through, the post-office : — Riverent sir, I forbid Hie bands of marriage between Edward Bluitt and Mary Ann Howellr theTeason is he underage, and^ehe Have got a husjband alive, and she went away'from him ;' he is in Garalina, and'she is with ner unkelL so you cannot marry them, sir, and Dursent' Doing Business whilst Bathing. — A client, while bathing at sea, saw his. lawyer rise up, after a long dive, at his side. ' Ho, there, Mr. ? , have you taken out a war rant against Bird ?' — He is in quod,' re plied the agent, and dived again, showing his heels as a parting view to his client ; nor did the latter hear 'more of his inter view with the shark until he got his ac- - count containing the; entry— -' To consulta tion at sea, anent the incarceration of Bird, six and eight pence.' . ^ . ; A Good Beginning.— rA contemporary says :— We took a reporter on trial yester day. He went out to hunt items, and after being away all day, returned with the following, which he said was the best lie could do : — Yesterday we saw a -eight that froze our muscles with horror.: A hackman driving down College-street at a rapid pace, came very near running over a nurse and two children. There would have been one of the most heart-rending .catastrophes ever recorded had not the nurse, with wonderful forethought, left the children at home before she went out, and providentially stepped into a drug store just before the hack passed. Then, too, the ha/rlmiM^ just be fore reaching the crossing, thought of some thing he had forgotten, and turnning about druvt in the opiwsite direction. Had it not bten fur this wonderful occurrence of fcviuinibli.' circuiusteiices, a doting fatber, a loving mother, and affectionate brothers aud sisters, would have been plunged into the deepest woe and most unutterable funeral expense.' The new reporter will be retained. — Boston Advertiser. A Gvide to Government Situations. — Dr. IJ e.umker, being engaged in private conversation with the great Earl of Chat bam, Ins lordship asked him how he de fined wit. ' My lord,' said the doctor, ' wit it is like what a pension would be, given by youv lordship to your humble sen-ant, a good thing well applied.' Parisian Begging.— Beggars are gene rally good at inventing appeals to public sympathy ; but the following is certainly the most irresistible appeal ever heard of. A Parisian beggar accosted a gentleman with — 'lam poor, Monsieur, but I am religious. I want but one of the saving virtues : I have Faith ; I have Hope ; it remains with you to give me Charity.' Dreams and their IuronTS.— To dream of policemen is a sure sign of the blues. To dream you are a monkey is— to say the least— suggestive. To dream your head is being ' punched,' aud on waking to dis cover tliat such is not the case, is lucky— for you. To dream you have eloped with a wicked female ghost is a sure sign you . Lave taken bad spirits (the over night). If a ' gentleman of the press' dreams of donkeys, it is called a ' neddytorial' vision. To dream of suet shows a fat-uous mind. Diking Next Day,— A Yankee left his down-east village to visit Washington. On his return, he astonished his neighbours by telling them how very late people dined there, as at home twelve or one o'clock was the regular hour. ' What time,' lewas asked, ' do the shopkeepers dine at Wash ? ? i ? .in 11 \f n^ 4.11 tii.n cnmotimuG +nrpp ington t — 'i-oii uut«u, oumtuiuw uu.i.^. ? » Jiy, how late !' was the remark. ' And the well-to-do folk?'— 'Oh, they don't dine till four or five.'— 'My, how late! and the members of the Congress?' — ' Wall, I guess they don't dine till six.' — ' And the senators 1'— ' Oh, not till eight and nine.' — ' My, how late ! And the president — what time doea he dine?'— 'Oh, he don't dine till next day.' — Ameri- can Paper. A Sailoe's Opinion of a Comet.— During a cruise of one of our men-of-war the sailors saw a comet, and were some what surprised and alarmed at its appear ance. The hands met and appointed a com mittee to wait on the commander to ask his opinion of it They approached him, and eaid : ' We want to ask your opinion, your honour.' — 'Well, my men, what is it about 1' — ' We want to inquire about that thing up there.' — ' Now, before I answer you, first let me know what you think it is.' — ' Well, your honour, we have talked it over, and we think it is a star that has sprung a leak.' A Terror to Eepoetees. — I recently heard a good story regarding Mr. Lowe (says a writer) and one of his speeches in the House of Commons. It is well- known that the right hon. gentleman is a terror to all new-comers to the reporters' gallery ; indeed, as I once heard it expressed, any one of them ' would be glad to attend his funeral,' his speeches generally being so clever, so pprntett^ and 60 important, that, notwithstanding the quickness of their delivery, they must be reported. On the occasion to which I refer, one of the gallery - men had taken notes of a speech by Mr. Lowe ; and on reaching the office to write it out, he was told there was little space left — that he must only give the ' points ' of the speech, as briefly as possible. ' But,' exclaimed the excited reporter, ' I can't keep it short It's . Bob Lowe's speech ; and it's like a perfect hedgehog, its all points together !' Dumb Men's Speech. — A writer in the ConilMl Magazine gives an account of a visit paid by him to an institution iu Brussels, at which the herculean task of teaching the dumb to speak — literally, and not by the manual alphabet — is carried on, with a success which is little less thau miraculous. The principle upon which this practice is based is tue utilisation 01 the imitative faculty which is implanted in all human beings, even the least cultivated. By patiently pronouncing emphatically again aud again the several rudimentary sounds of which speech is composed before the attentive eyes of the deaf-mute, the teacher succeeds at length in inducing an imitation of the movements of the lips aud l/Urualr wiuvu piuuuuc ttuutuguua ouuuua. Thus an alphabet is built up, syllables are put together, and at length the advanced pupil is able, not only to express his' thoughts, but to enter into conversation so long as he can see the lips of his interro gator. Of course the amount of labour . and patience expended in effecting these results is stupendous, and, as the writer re marks, were it not for the religious element which is the animating cause of their bene volent efforts, the teachers could hardly have failed to throw up their work in despair long since.. Not the eye only is relied upon for the conveyance of the ne cessary instruction, for when the eye fails, as it must sometimes necessarily do, to '. appreciate tUose delicate movements of tbe larynx and tongue upon which so many sounds depend, the finger of the pupil is applied to the throat or mouth of the teacher, and thns the necessary information is conveyed, and the movement immedia tely imitated. The diagram- board, pictures, and various objects, are of course useful adjuncts when the first difficulties are got over; and the more advanced pupils were able not only to converse freely in French, which they understood, but, without know ing one 'word of English, were able to re peat words in that language after their ? visitor by amply watching his mouth. The Monkby as a Eider. — A late friend and neighbour of mine in the country kept a monkey, who took to riding his hogs, especially one of them, which he commonly singled out as fittest for his nse; and leaping upon its back, with his face to ward the tail, he whipped it unmercifully, and drove it about till it could run no longer.' The hogs lived under such contin ual terror of him, thatwhen the monkey first came, abroad in the morning, they used to set ap a great cry at the sight of bim. A well-known nobleman once bad a wild horse which nobody could ride. ' I know ' not what yOnr lordship con do with htm,' said one, ' but to set the monkey upon his back.' So they put a pad to the horse, and set tbe monkey upon it with a switch in his iand, which lie used upon tbe horse, and set liim into a fiiriniis kicking and galloping ; but Pug kept Li.- st-at and exer cised his switch. The li'irse lay down upon the ground ; but when he threw him self on one side, the monkey was upon the other ; he ran into a wood with him, 10 brush bim off; but if a tree or bush oc curred on one side, tbe monkey slipped to the other ; till at last the horse was so sickened and fatigued and broken-spirited, that he ran home to tie st:ible for protec. tion. When the monkey was removed, a boy mounted him, who managed tlie horse with easi1, and he never gave any trouble afterwards. — Shar]ie's London ^faffa:i?ne. A Story ok John Rkowx. — The Key. B. Baluainie, of Scarbro', gives the follow ing story, told to him during .1 visit to the Catskill Mountains : — A gentleman of the party said, 'John Brown once gave me a black eye.' I looked into his face and said, ' 1 have a profound respect for your eye from that circumstance. Tell us how it happened.' He said, 'I was then a young land-surveyor, and was engaged pro fessionally in a certain district. At dinner time a tall, bony, awkward man sat down at the table in his shirt sleeves. I thought it rude behaviour, and remonstrated with him. He took no notice until, in my warmth, I challenged him to fight. The challenge was accepted, and we went out into the yard to have it out. Having taken lessons in the art of boxing, I thought the man was no match for me. I had just put myself into position, according to the rules, when lo ! something came between my eyes like an iron pump handle, and I fell sense less to the ground. After recovering my self, my antagonist, who was supporting me, coolly said, 'Young man, the best thing that you can do with that eye is to apply a- little raw beef to it.'' 