ANNE HEREFORD. By the Author of "East Lynne." Chapter I. Mrs. Edwin Barley. An express train was dashing along a line of rails in the heart of England. On one of the first-class carriages there had been a board, bearing the intimation "For Ladies Only," but the guard had taken it off when the train first started. It had come many miles since. Seated inside, the only passenger in that compartment, was a little girl in deep mourning All was black about her, save the white frills of her drawers, which peeped below her short, black, flounced frock. A thoughtful, gentle child, with a smooth, pale forehead, earnest eyes, and long, dark eyelashes that swept her cheek. It was a gloomy September day, foggy, and threatening rain-a sad looking day, and the child's face seemed to have borrowed the aspect of the weather, pervaded, as it was, by a tinge of sad- ness. That little girl was myself, Anne Here- ford The train slackened speed, and glided into an important station, larger than any we had passed. It was striking 1, and the guard came up to the carriage. "Now, my little lady," said he, "change lines here, and stop for ten minutes." I liked that guard. He had a kind, hearty face, and he had come up several times to the carriage-door during the journey, asking how I got on. He told me he had a little girl of his own, about as old as I. "Are you hungry?" he asked, as he lifted me from the carriage. "Not very, thank you. I have eaten the biscuits." "Halloa !' Stern !" he called out, stopping a man who was hurrying past. "Are you going with the Nettleby train ?" "Yes What if I am ?" was the man's answer. He was rightly named Stern, for he had a stern sour face. "See this little girl. She is in the guard's charge. To be put on the ladies' carriage, and taken on to Nettleby." The man gave a short nod by way of answer, and hurried away. And the guard took me into a large room, where crowds were pressing round a counter. "Here, Miss Williams," he said, to one of the young women behind it, "Give this little lady something to eat and drink, and take care of her till the Nettleby train starts. She's to have what comes to a shilling." "What will you take, my dear ?" asked Miss Williams. She was pouring me out a cup of coffee when the guard came up again. "Your baggage is changed, little lady," said he. "You'll find it all right at the Nettleby station. Good day." "Good-bye, and thank you," I answered, holding out my hand that he might shake it. I felt sorry to part with him— he seemed like a friend. Soon after the surly guard put in his head and beckoned to me. He marshalled me to a carriage which had a similar board upon it to the other, "For Ladies Only," and shut me in without a word. Two ladies sat opposite to me. They did not speak either, but they stared a great deal. I thought it must be at the two tarts Miss Williams had given me in a paper bag, and I did not like to eat them. At the next station another lady got in, and she began talking at once. "Are you travelling all alone, little girl ?" "Yes, ma'am. The guard takes care of me." "Have you come far ?" I had come from a remote part of Devonshire, the sea-coast. It seemed a long way to me, and I said so. "Will you tell me your name ? I daresay it is a pretty one." "It is Anne Hereford." "Devonshire is a very nice part of tho coun- try. Have you lived in it all your life ?" "Not quite. I was born in India. Mamma brought me to England when I was three years old." "You are in deep mourning. Is it for a near relative ?" I did not answer. I turned to look out at the window until the tears should go away again. I could not bear that strangers should see them. The lady asked again, and presently I turned round. "For mamma." She was silent for some time, looking at me. "Is your papa dead also ?" "He died a long while before mamma did." "You say you were born in India perhaps he was an officer ?" "He was Colonel Hereford." "How many brothers and sisters have you ?" "Not any " "Where are you going to live ?" "I don't know I am going now to my Aunt Selina's." The train approached a station and the lady got out, or she probably would have asked me a great deal more. At the station following that, the two silent ladies left, and I was alone again. The first thing I did was to eat my tarts, and throw away the paper bag After that I fell asleep, and rememborcd no more till the guard's surly voice woke me. "This is Nettleby, if you are a going to get out." He said something about some luggage "How much is it ?" "A large box, and a small one, and two carpet bags 'Miss Hereford, passenger to Nettleby,' is written on them. Can you please to tell me whether it is far to Mr Edwin Barley's ?" "I don't know any Mr Edwin Barley Jem," added he, to one of the porters, "see after her I'm going to hand out her things." "Where do you want to go, miss ?" the por- ter asked. "To Mr. Edwin Barley's. They told me I must get out at the Nettleby station, and ask to be sent on, unless a carnage met me here." "You must mean Mr Edwin Barley, of Hal- lam." "Yes, that's it. Is it far ?" "Well, Hallam's five miles off, and the house is a mile on this side of it. There's no rail, miss, you must go by the omnibus." "But are you sure that Mrs Edwin Barley has not come to meet me ?'" I asked, feeing a sort of chill. Not any one had come, and the porter put me into the omnibus with some more passengers What a long drive it seemed ! And the hedges and trees looked very dreary, for the shades of evening were gathering. At the foot of a hill the omnibus pulled up, and a man who had sat by the driver came round "Ain't there somebody inside for Mr. Edwin Barley's ?" "Yes ; I am." I got out, and the luggage was put upon the ground. "Two shillings, miss." "Two shillings !" I repeated, in an accent of alarm. "Why, did you expect to come for one—and inside too ! It's uncommon cheap, is this omni- bus." "Oh, it is not that. But I havo not any money." "Not got any money !" "They did not give me any. They gave the guard my fare to Nettleby. Mr. Sterrling said I should be sure to be met." The man went up to tho driver. "I say, Bill, this child says she's got no money." Tho drivor turned round and looked at me. "We can call to-morrow for it ¡ I dare say it's all right. Do you belong to tho Barleys, miss ?'' "Mrs. Edwin Barley is my aunt. I am come on a visit to her." "Oh, it's all right. Got up, Joe." "But please," said I, stopping the man, in an agony of fear—for I could see no house, nor sign of one, save a small, round, low building that might contain one room—"which is Mr. Edwin Barley's ? Am I to stay in the road with the boxes ?" The man laughed, said he had supposed I knew, and began shouting out, "Here, missis !" "You see that big green gate, miss ?" he added to me. "Well, that leads up to Mr. Barley's, and that's his lodge." A woman came out of the lodge, in answer to the shout, and opened the gate. The man ex- plained, put the trunks inside the gate, and the omnibus drove on. "I beg pardon that I can't go up to the house with you, miss, but it's not far, and you can't miss it," said she. "I have got my baby sick in its cradle, and dare not leave it along. You are little Miss Hereford ?" "Yes." "It's odd they never sent to meet you at Nettleby, if they knew you were coming ! But they have visitors at the house, and perhaps young madam forgot it. Straight on, miss, and you'll soon come to the hall door ; go up the steps, and give a good pull at the bell." There was no help for it ; I had to go up the gloomy avenue alone. It was a broad gravel drive, wide enough for two carriages to pass each other ; a thick grove of trees on either side. The road wound round, and I had just got in sight of the house when I was startled con- siderably by what proved to be a man's head projecting beyond the trees. He appeared to be gazing steadfastly at the house, but turned his face suddenly at my approach. But for that, I might not have observed him. The face looked dark, ugly, menacing and I started with a spring to the other side of the way. I did not speak to him, or he to me, but my heart beat with fear, and I was glad enough to see lights from several of the windows in front of me. I thought it a very large house. I found afterwards that it contained eighteen rooms, and some of them small ; but then we had lived in a pretty cottage of six. There was no need to ring. At the open door stood a man and a maid- servant, laughing and talking. "Who are you ?" cried the girl. "I want Mrs. Edwin Barley." "Then I think want must be your master,' she returned. "It is somebody from Hallam, I suppose. Mrs. Edwin Barley cannot possibly see you to-night." "You just go away, little girl !" added the footman. "You must come to-morrow morn- ing, if you waut anything." Their manner was so authoritative that I felt frightened, nearly crying, as I stood. What if they should really turn me away ! "Why don't you go ?" asked the girl, sharply. "I have nowhere to go to. My boxes are down at the gato." " Why, who are you ?" she inquired, in a quick tone. "I am Miss Hereford." "Heart alive !" she whispered to the man. "I beg your pardon, miss. I'll call Charlotte Delves." "What's that ? Who will you call ?" broke from an angry voice at tho back of the hall. "Call 'Charlotto Dolves,' will you ? Go in to your work this instant, you insolent girl. Do you hear me, Jemima ?" "I didn't know you were there, Míss Delves," was the half-saucy, half- deprecating answer. "The young lady has come—Miss Horoford." A tall, slight, good-looking woman of thirty- five or thirty-six carno forward. I could not tell whether she was a lady or a maid. She wore a small, stylish cap, and a handsome mus- lin gown with flounces—which were in fashion then. Her eyes were light ; long, dark curls fell on either side her face, and her address was "How do you do, Miss Hereford ?" she said, taking my hand. " Come in, my dear. We did not expect you until next week. Mrs. Barley is in the drawing-room." "Mrs. Barloy is in her chamber, dressing for dinner," contended Jemima, from the back of tho hall, as if intent on aggravation. Miss Delves mado no reply. Sho ran upstairs, and oponed a door, from whence came a warm glow of fire-light. "Wait there a moment," she said, looking round at me. "Mrs. Edwin Barley, the child has come." "What child ?" returned a voice—a young, gay, sweet voice. "Little Miss Hereford." "My goodness! Come to-day ! And I with no mourning about me, to speak of. Well, let her come in." I knew my aunt Selina again in a moment. She had stayed with us in Devonshire for three months, two years before, when she was nine- teen. The same lovely face, with its laughing blue eyes, and its shining golden hair. She wore an embroidered clear-muslin white dress, with low body and sleeves, and a few black ribbons ; jet bracelets, and a long jet chain. "You darling child ! But what made you come in this strange way, without notice ?" "Mr. Sterling said he wrote word to you, Selina, that I should be here on Thursday. You ought to have had the letter yesterday." "Well, so he did write ; but I thought—how stupid I must have been !" She interrupted, with a sudden laugh. "I declare I took it to mean next Thursday. But you are all the more wel- come, dear. You have grown prettier, Anne, with those deep eyes of yours." I stood before her very gravely. I had dreaded the meeting, believing it would be one of sobs and lamentation for my mother. I had not taken into account how careless and light- headed Selina was. I had called her "Selina" since, a little girl of four, I had gone on a visit to Keppe Carew. Taking off my bonnet, she kissed me several times, and then hold me before her by my hands as she sat on the sofa. Miss Delves had gone out and closed the door. "They are not home from shooting yet, Anne, so we can have a little talk to ourselves, When they go to the far covers, there's no know- ing when they'll be in ; two nights ago they kept me waiting dinner until 8 o'clock." "Who did, Aunt Selina ?" " Mr. Barloy, and tho rest," sho nnswerodj carelessly. "Auno, how very strango it waa that your mamma should havo died bo quickly at tho last ! It was only two wcoks boforo her doath that sho wroto to tell mo sho was ill." "Sho had boon ill lougor than that, Aunt Solina-" " Call mo Solina, ohild." "But she did not toll anyono until sho knew thoro was danger. Sho did not toll mo." " It was a ronowal of that old complaint sho had in India-that inward complaint." I turned my head and my wet ovos from lier " Thoy told mo it was her heart, Solina." " Yes ; in a measuro, that had something to do with it. It must havo boon a sad parting. Anno. Why, child, you aro sobbing !" "Ploaso don't talk of it !" "But I must talk of it: I Uko to havo my ouriosity gratified," sho said, in her quick way. " Did tho doctors say from tho first that thoro was no hopo ?" " Mamma know there was no hopo whon sho wroto to you. Sho had told mo so tho day boforo." " I wonder sho told you nt all." " Olí, Selina ! that fortnight was too short for tho leavo-taking ¡ for all sho had to say to mo. It will bo years, perhaps, boforo wo moot again." "Moot again! Moot whero?" " In heaven !" " You aro a Btrango child !" exclaimed Solina, looking at mo very steadfastly. " Ursula has infected you, I seo, with hor serious notions. I used to toll hor thero was timo onough for it years heneo." " And mamma used to tell you that, porhaps if you put off and put off, tho years heneo might novor como for you, Selina." " What ! you romombor that, do you ?" sho said, with a smile. " Yes, sho used to looturo mo ; she was fifteen years older than I, and as- sumed the right lo do so." " Mamma novcr lectured ¡ what sho said was always kind and gontlo," was my sobbing answer. "Yes, yes. You think mo insonsiblo now Anne j but my griof is over-that is, tho vio lenco of tho griof. Whon tho lottor carno to say Ursula was dead, I oriod tho wholo day, novor ceasing." " Mamma had a warning of her death," I continued ; for it was ono of the things sho had charged mo to tell to her sister Solina. " Had a what, child ?" " A warning. Tlio night boforo sho was takon ill-I moan dangerously ill-bIio droaiut bIio saw papa in a most beautiful placo, all light and llowors j no placo on earth ooultl ovor havo been so beautiful, oxcept tho Garden of Eden. Ho beckoned her to como to hiin, and pointod to it vacant plnco by Iiíb sido, saying, ' It is ready for you now, Ursula.' Mamma awoko thou, and tho words woro sounding in hor ours ; sho could havo felt sure that thoy woro positively spoken." " And you eau tell mo this with a gravo facoi calling it a warning !" exclaimed Selina. " liamma charged mo to toll it you. Sho related tho dream to us tho noxt morning-" " Us ! Whom do you mean, child ?" " Mn «nil oin- nl>I m.M Unit,, «Jim ?rano ms nurse, you know. Mamma said what a pleasant dream it was, that sho was Borry to awako from it ; but after she grow ill, sho said she knew it was sent as a warning." Selina laughed. " You havo lived boxed up with that stupid old Botty and your mamma, child, until you aro Uko a gravo litllo woman. Ursula was always superstitious. You will say you boliove in ghosts next." " No, I do not beliovo in ghosts. I do in warnings. Mamma Bnid that novcr a Koppo Carow diod yet without boing warned of it : though fow of them had noticod it at tho time." " Thoro, that will do, Anno. I am a Carow, and I don't want to bo frightened into watching for a ' warning.' You aro a Carow also, by the mother's side. Do you know, my poor childi that you aro not loft well off?" " Yes j mamma has told mo all. I don't mind." " Don't mind !" cohoed Solina, with another light laugh. "That's because you don't under- stand, Anno. What litllo your mamma had left has been sunk in an annuity for your edu- cation-eighty or a hundred pounds a-yoar, until you aro eighteen. There's something moro, I beliovo, for clothes and incidental ex- penses." " I said I did not mind, Solina, bocauso I am not afraid of getting my own living. Mamma flaid that a young lady, well-educated and of good birth, can alwayB command a dcsirablo position as governess. Sho told mo not to fear, for God would toko caro of mo." " Some money might bo desirable for all that," returned my aunt, in a tono that sounded full of irreverence to my unaccustomed cars. " The maddest step Colonel Hereford ever took was that of soiling out. Ho thought to better him Belf, and ho spont and lost tho money, leaving your mamma with vory littlo whon ho died." " I don't think mamma cared much for money, Selina." " I don't think she did, or bIio would not havo takon matters so quietly. Do you remember, Anne, how sho used to go on at mo whon I said I should marry Edwin Barley ?" " Yes j mamma said how very wrong it would bo of you to marry for monoy." " Quito truo. She used to put her hands to her carB when I said I hated him. Now, what aro thoso earnest eyes of yours searching mo for ?" " Do you hato him, Selina!" " I am not dying of love for him, you Btrango ohild." " Ono day a poor boy had a monkey before tho window, and you said Mr. Edwin Barloy was as ugly as that. Is he ugly ?" Selina burBt into a peal of ringing laughter. " Oh, he ¡B vory handsome, Anno ¡ as handsome as the day : whon you seo him you sholl tell mo if you don't think so. I-. What ia the matter ? What aro you looking at ?" As I stood before my aunt, the door behind her seemed to bo pushed gently open. I had thought somo ono was coming in ¡ and Boid bo. "The fire-light must have deceived you, Anno. That door is kopt bolted ; it leads to a passage communicating with my bedroom, but we do not uso it." " I am certain that I saw it open," was my answer: and an unpleasant, fanciful thought came over mo that it might be the man I saw in the avenue. " It is shut now j it shut again when I spoke." Sho roso, walked to tho door, aud fried to open it, but it was fast. "You soo, Anne. Don't yon got fanciful, my doar ; that is what your momma was," and I shook my hoad in answor. " Selina, did not Mr. Edwin Barloy want mo to go to Mrs. Homson's, instead of coming horo ?" "Who told you that?" '. I hoard Mr. Storling talking of it with mam- ma." " Mr. Edwin Barloy did, little woman. Did you hear why ho wished it ?" " No." "You should havo hoard (hat, it was so flattoriug to mo. Ho thought I was too giddy to tako ohurgo of a young lady." "Did ho?" " But Ursula wou d not accopt tho objection. It could not inattor for a fow wooks, sho wrolo to Mr. Edwin Barley, whothcr I woro giddy or Bcrious, and she could not think of consigning you, oven toinporavily, to Mrs. Homsou. Ah ! my coubíu Francos Carew and I took exactly opposito coursos, Anno : I married for money, sho for love. Sho uiot an ntlrnctivo strangor at a watoring-placo, aud married him." " And it was not right." "It was all wrong. Ho was a tradesman. A good-looking, cducnted niau; I grant that; but a tradesman. Novor was bucIi a thing honrd of, as for a Carew to stoop to that. You soo, Anne, sho had learnt to uko him before sho know anything of his position, or who ho was. Ho was a visitor at tho place, just as bIio was. Of oourso sho ought to havo given him up. Not she ¡ sho gave horsolf and her money to bim, and a very pretty Httlo fortuno she had." " Did bIio marry in disohodionoo ?" " That cannot bo ohargod upon her, for she was alono in tho world, and hor own mistroas. But a Carew of Koppo Carow ought to havo known hotter." " Sho was not of Koppo Carow, Selina." "Sho was. Don't you know that, Anno? Her father was Carow of Koppo Carow ; and when ho died without a son, his brothor, your mamma's fathor and mino, becanio Carow of Koppo Carow. Ho died in his turn, loaving no son, and Koppo Carow and its broad lands wont to a distant man, tho malo hoir. Wo throo Oarows havo all married badly, in one way or another." Mrs. Edwin Barloy was Bpoaking dreamily then, nsif forgoltiug anybody hoard her. " She, Francos, marriod Houison tho trades- man, throwing n barrier between horsolf and hor family ; Ursula married Colonel Horoford, to wear out a fow of her best years in India, and thon to dio in poverty, aud loavo nu un provided- for child j and I havo marriod him, Edwin Darloy. Which is Iho worst, I wondor?" I thought ovor what sho said in my busy brain. Fow ohildrou had bo notivo a ono. "Soliun, you say you marriod Mr, Edwin Barloy hocauso ho is rich." " Woll." " Why did you, whon you woro rioh your BOlf?" "I rich? You will count riches differently whon you aro older. Why, Anne, do you know what my fortune wns ? Four thousand pounds. Ursula had tho samo, nud she and Colonol noroford spoilt it. That put n notion in my father's head, and ho tied mino up tight onough, securing it to my absoluto uso until I die" " Will it bo Mr. Barloy's whon you dio, Oelluu r" " Woro I to dio before noxt Monday, ii would bo yours, pusBy, for it is so settled. Aftor that, if I dio without a will, it would go to Mr. Edwin Barloy ; but I shall bo of ago noxt Monday, nnd thon can mnko ono. I think it must bo my first caro-a will ;" sho laughed. " So munificent a sum to disposo of ! Shall I loavo it to you ?" Tho room-door was pushed opon, and some ono ontorcd. A shortish mun, of noarly forty years, in a velveteen Bhooting-coat and gaitors, and with a dark faco : Iho samo dark faco that looked out from tho troos in tho avcuuo. I shrank round Selina with a Budden four. Not that tho foaturcs woro particularly ill-favored in themsolves, but so dark and Btorn. And tho remembrauco of tho fright was on mo still. " Whoro aro you coming lo, child ?" sho said. " This is Mr. Edwin Barloy." Chapter II. IN THE WOOD. TnAT Mr. Edwin Bnrlcy ! My imogination had boon sotting him down fora robbor at loaatj and tho thought flashod ovor mo-How could Selina havo marriod him? Another thought carno with it-Hud ho been tho intruder at tho door? " Who is that, Selina?" ho asked, in a very strong, dotormined voico, hut not an unpleasing ono. " Anno Heroford. Fancy my making so stupid a mistako as to conclude it was noxt Thursday the lawyer meant. And sho dob had to find her way from Nottloby, in tho best way sho could." Ho looked at mo with his black eyes, the blackest eyes I had ovor scon. Either thoy woro a warning expression, or I faneiod so, and I took it to moan I was not to say I saw him watching tho house from tho avenue. No fear, after that, that I should spoak of it. " Did you walk from Nettleby, little ono ?" "No, sir. I carno in tho omnibus to tho gate." " Sho has boen asking mo if you woro very handsomo; and I told hor to wait and seo," observed Selina, with a laugh, and somehow it grated on my cara. Ho mado no reply ia words, but his brow contracted a little. " How is it you aro home before tho othors ?" she resumed. " And whoro aro thoy lingoring ? Charlotto Doives Bays tho dinner is spoiling." "They cannot bo far behind," was Mr. Edwin Barley's answer. " I'll go and dress." As he went out of the room we heard sounds of voices and laughtor. Selina openod the window, and I stood by her. Tho night had grown clearer, tho moon was bright. Three gentlemen, dressod something like Mr. Edwin Barloy, woro approaching tho houBO with game, j guns, and dogs. " Can you Beo thom by Hub light, Anno ?" "I can boo that two aro young, and one looks old. Ho has grey hair." " Not vory old, not moro than fifty-but he is so stout. It is tho parson, Mr. Martin." "Do parsons go out shooting, Selina?" " Only whon they can got tho chance," sho laughed. " That young one is Philip King, a ward of Mr. Edwin Barloy's. Ho and I aro not friends at all, and I do what I oan to tox him. Ho is terribly ill-tempered." "Is he!" " Ho fell in love with mo at Easter, the silly si hoy ! Faucy that ! Ono can't think it was in oarnost, you know, but it roally soomod liko it. I askod if ho would liko his oars boxod, and Mr. Edwin Barloy gnvo us both a sharp talking to, saying wo ought to bo sout to school again.» " Both ! But if it was not your fault ?" "Mr. Edwin Barley said it was my fnult,' sho returned, with a laugh. " Pcrltips it was. Ho has not, ns I boliovo, liked Phillip King since." " Who is the othor ono with thom, Solina ?" I asked, aa the gentlemen below disappeared. " Tho other is Goorgo Honoago-a great friond of mino. Hush ! ho is coming up," Goorgo Honoago ontorod. A youngman, tall, slender, active j with a palo, ploasant faeo, and dark wavy hair. He had a morry smilo, und I thought I had novcr Boen anyono so uico-looking. Mrs. Edwin Barloy moved to tho Uro, and ho took hor hand in greeting. " Well ! And how havo you boon all day ? Dull ?" It was tho pleasautcst voico ! Quito a con- trast aftor that of Mr. Barloy. " Much any of you cato whother I nut dull or guyi" 8"o returned iii answer, half laughing! half pouting. " The partridgos got all your timo, just now. I might bo dead and buried boforo any of you cnino homo to soo utter mo." " Wo must Bhoot, you know, Selina. Ono of us, at any ralo, carno homo a couple of hours ago-Barloy." "Not to mo. Ho has but just como in. You must bo mistaken." " Look hero. I was away for a short whilo from (ho party, aeoing altor tho horso I lamed tho othor day, and whon I got back, Barloy had vanishodj they thought ho lind gono to look aftor mo. Perhaps ho had in ono boiiso, tho great simpleton-Hullo! who's that?" Ho broko off, Booing mo for tho first limo, as I stood partly within tho shado of the window curtain. "It is litllo Anno Hereford. Sho has como a wook boforo I oxpoctod hor. Anno, como for- ward, and lot Mr. Honoago uiuko lovo to you. It is a pastimo ho favors." Ho lifted mo up by tho waist, looked at mo, and put mo down again. " A protty litllo faeo to mako lovo to. How old aro you ?" " Elevon, sir." " Elovon I" ho echoed, in surpriso. " I should havo takon you for niuo at tho vory most, Eleven!" " And olovonloon in Bobor sonso," intorposod Selina, in hor lightest and most cureless manner. "I suppoBo children nro so who novor livo with brothers and sistora. You should hoar hor talk, Goorgo ! I toll hor hor mamma nut! ntirso havo mndo an old woman of hor." " Dara I venture lo your prosonco iu this trim, Mrs. Edwin Barley ?" Tho speaker was tho Rov. Mr. Martin, who carno slowly in, pointing to his attire. " It ¡b Borloy's faull, and you must blnmo him, not mo," ho oontiuuod. "Barloy invited mo to say graco at your tublo to-day, and thon disappoiircd, keeping tis waiting for him until now, and giv- ing mo no timo lo go homo und mako mysolf presentable" " Never mind, Mr, Martin, thoro aro worso misfortunes at sea," sho said, in thal ehurin ingly atlractivo maunor that sho could somo timos uso. " I havo sut down with gontlomon in shooting-coats, boforo to-day, and have onjoyod my dinner nono the worso for it. Ib that you Miss Delves ?" Footsteps woro pasuug hid U1.«- *.. , -, Miss Delves carno in. "Did you speak, Mrs. Edwin Barloy ?" " Yes. 'Tako this child, plonso : bIio mtiBt havo somo lea. Anno, doar, ask for anything lo cal thal you bosl fancy. You shall como up again aftor dinner." Wo went to a Billilli parlor on tho ground floor-Míbb DcIvob enid ¡I was hor own Bitting room-and rang the boll. Tho maid who had hoon gossiping at llio front door carno in lo nnswor ¡I. " Aro you at tea yet, Jemima?" " Yob, Miss Delves." "I thought so. Thoro'B no regularity unloss I te I am about ovorywhoro myBolf. Bring in a o cup for Miss Horoford, and somo broud and j ft buttor." Thoy both left tho room. I Bupposod that Miss Delves was going to dino prosonlly, for a cloth was spread over ono end of tho tablo, with n knife and fork, tho cruet-stand and salt- cellar, glasBOs, and a docantor of wino. Pre- sently, Joniima carno back with a small truy, that had my toa upon it. Sho Boomed a froo and-coay sort of girl, Bat down in a chair, and began chattoring. Another Borvant carno in with a small jar of prosorves. "Miss Dolvos has Bent somo jam for tho young lady, if aho'd liko it. Or will sho tuko a slico of cold moat first, sho Bays ?" " I'll havo tho jam, ploaso." "Thai's right, mias," laughod Jomima, " Sweets is good." " Arn't you coming to your toa, Jomima ? There'll bo a fuBS if bIio comos in and finds you have not bogun it." "Bothor tho toa! Wo aro not obliged to I swallow it down just al tho minuto sho pienses," was tho answer of Jomima. " I Bay," oxolaimod tho othor, suddenly, " what do you think I saw ? Young King-" Jomima gavo hor a warning shako of tho hoad, and pointed to mo. Tho convocation wub droppod to a whisper, in which I onco caught tho words, " that handsomo Goorgo Heneage." Presently steps woro hoard approaching, and tho two maids disturbed thomBolvcB. Sarah caught up the plato of broad and butler, and Btood as if sho wcro handing it to mo, and Jo. mima stirred tho firo vigorously. It had boon warm in tho day, but tho bit of lighted firo in the grato looked pleasant in tho autumn even- ing. Tho footsteps passed on. "How stupid you are! startling one for Is nothing !" exclaimed Jomima. " I thought it was Charlotto Doives. It sounded just Uko hor foot." "She's in tho kitchou, and won't como out of it lill tho dinner's gono in. Sho's in ono of her tompera to-doy." " Is Charlotto Doives tho miBtresB ?" I could not help asking. Both tho maids burst out laughing. " She would like to bo, miss ; and bIio is, too, in many things," anBwerod Jemima. "Whon young madam carno homo ilrBt-" " Hush, Jemima ! Bho may go and repeat it again." Jemima looked st mo. " No ; she does not look like it. You won't go and repeat in tho drawing-room tho nonsense we foolish servants talk, will you, Mísb Horeford ?" " Of course I will not. Mamma taught mo Hy novcr to carry tales; she said itmadomisohiof,'' "And so it does, miss," cried Jemima " Your mamma was a nice lady, I'm suro ' Was sho not Mrs Edwin Barloy's sistor ?" Boforo I had timo to answer, Charlotto Delves carno in Wo had not hoard her, and I thought sho must havo oropt upon tiptoo Sarah mado hor osoapo Jomima took up tho jam pot. " What oro you waiting for ?" sho domandod, with aspority. "I carno in to soo if tho young lady wanted anything, ma'nni " " Whoti Miss Horoford wants anything, sho will nug Jemima rotirod I wont on with my toa, and Misa Doives bogan asking mo questions about homo and mamma Wo weio mtoriiiptod b) a footman Ho w is bringing tho (lah out of the (lining loom, and ho laid tho diah, with tho fish sanco, down on tho tablo Miss DoIvob turned hor ellan towards it, and began her dinuor I found that this was hor usuul niannoi of dining, but I thought it a onuous ono Hie dishos, as thoy carno out of tho (lining loom, woro placed bofoio her, and elie holpod herself Her othci mo ils alio took when sho pleasod, Jomima gono ial!) wailing upon her I did wondul who sho oould bo It seomod lb it I lind to sit thoro n, long while I was thon takon upBtmra by Jomima, mid ni) hair biushod It hung down m curls all round, and Jomima pleasod mo by saying it was tho lovoliost brown han sho ovci saw Tlion I «as marshalled to the diiuviug room Jemima openod Iho dooi quietl), and I wont m, aeon, I behovo, by nobod) It was a lingo room, of a tluoo cornoiod shnpo, quito full of bright furniture Sohua's grund piano was in tho anglo Standing bofoio tho firo, talking, weio the olorgyumn aud Mi Edwin Bniloy A stianger might havo taken the ono for tho othoi, foi tho oloig)iiian was m his spoiling olothos, and Mr Bailo) was all m black, willi a whito neckcloth On a distant sofa, apparently loading a news papor, ant Philip King, his feuturos woio lmnilRomo, but tlioj lind a ici y croas, disagree ablo oxprossiou He held tho nowspapor noarl) loiolwilh his faco, and I saw that his oyes, instead of being on ii, woro wnloluug tho mo\o mints of Mis 1 dwm Bniloy Sho nasal tho piano, uot so much singing 01 pin) mg, as tr) mg scraps of songs and pieces, Mr Honengo standing by mid talking to hoi I wont quiotly round by the ehaits nt tho back, and sat down on Iho low footstool at tho corner of tho health Iho clergyman saw mo aud smiled Mr Bui lo) did not, ho stood willi his back to mo Ho also scorned to bo watohing Iho piano, 01 thoso alii, as ho Bpoke in u low, ooulldoutiul tono w ilh tho cloi g) man "I diaagreo with )ou ontn ol), Bin lo) ," Mi Martin was sn)ing " Roly upon it, ho will bo all tho bottor anil happier foi following a pio foaaion Why I at Pustoi ho had mado up his mind to lead foi tho Bai '" "Young mon mo ohangoablo'as tho wind, ospooially thoso whom foi tuno haï placed at caso in tho woild," replied Mi Bailo) " Philip was led hot foi tho Bat ni TWoi, as you ob aorvo , but aomollnng appears to havo sot lum against it now " ' You, as his guauhan mid trasloo, should in go linn to lako it up , 01, if not that, some thing olso A hfo of ldlonoBS pla) s tho voiy rum with sotno natures, and it atiikos mo thal Philip King has no gi oat losourees within lum to counteract tho mischief of non ocoupalion What is tho amount of his pioporly ?" io "". ! AT* Marlin, uflor a pauso " About oightoon nuuuio . L » »» . j .... ostato bungs in " " Nonsenso ' I thought it waB only ton or twelve " " 1 lghtoon, full Rogmnld's was a long nu nonty, you know" " Well, if it brought in oight mid twonty, I should still Bay givo lum a profession Lot linn havo aomo logitnnato work, occupy his hands and his hoad, and thoy won't got into mischief That's sound advice, mind, Barloy " "Quito sound," ro|oinod Mr Barloy , but thoro was a tono in his voico throughout, that to mo Bceinod to toll either of want of aineonly or olso of a knowlodgo that to urgo a pro fosBion on Philip King would bo wroug und | usoloss At this pouod of my hfo pooplo usod j 1 toroproaoh mo with taking up picjudicis, likes and dislikes, na I grow oldoi, I know that God had giftod mo in an ominont dogroo with tho faculty of roading human countenances and human tonos " I havo no powoi to foroo a profession upon him, ' resumed Mi Barloy , " and I should not oxorciso it if I had Shall I toll you why ? ' "Well," "I don't think his lungs aro sound In my opinion, ho ib hkoly to go off as his brothor did" "Of consumption'" hastily uttorod the clorgyman and Mr Barloy noddod " Theroforo, why urgo lum to fag at acquiring a profession that ho may not hvo to oxorciso ? ' continuod Mr Barloy " Ho lookB anything but woll, ho is nothing hko as robust as ho wob at EttBtor " Mr Martin turnod his hoad and attontivoly scanned tho faco of Philip King " I don't seo anything tho matlor with him, Barloy, oxoopt that ho looks uncommonly cross I hope you aro mistaken " " I hopo I am I aaw a wholo row of modi oino phials in his room ycBtorday whon I inquired, ho told mo thoy contained steel mcdi cino-tonics-tho phyBuinn at Oxford has 1 ordered thom Did you ovor notioo him at dinner-what ho oatB ?" 1 " Not particularly " " Do bo, thon, on tho noxt opportunity Ho takes scarcely anything Tho commoncoinont of Reginald's malady was loss of appotito tho dootors proBonbod tonics for him But thoy did not suceeod in saving him " Onco moro Mr Martin turnod his oycB on Philip King "How old waB Roginald King when ho died ? ' " Twenty throo ,_Throo]''yoars oidor than 'f Philip is now " " Woll, poor fellow, I hopo ho will outhvo Ina woakneBB, whntover may causo it, and got strong again That money of his would bo a mco windfall for Bomobody to drop into," added tho clergyman, after a pause " Who is heir at law?" " I am " " You !" " Of combo I am," was tho quiet reply of Mr Edwin Barley it « Nurso him up, nurso him up, then," said tho clergyman, jokingly "Lost, if anything ta did happen, the world should say you had not done your best to prevent it, for you know you aro a dear lover of monoy, Barloy ' f'' Thoro moy havo been a great deal moro Bald, ko lu but I did not hoar it My hoad had sought tho wall for its resting place, and sloop stole over mo What I felt most glad of, tlio next morning, waa to got my purao Thoro woro twonty sovon Blulltngs m it, and old Botty had caused it to bo put m ono of tho boxes, voxing mo " Pooplo m tho train might rob mo of it," aho said Jomima watted on mo at droasing, and I had breakfast in Miss Delves' parlor Aftorwards I went up to Mrs Edwin Barloy, in tho drawing room She was in mourning, dcop as mino "I had boon tompted to put it off for a cool dross yesterday ovonmg," sho said to mo " What with tho dinner, aud tho firo thoy will havo, though I am suio it is not woathor for it, I fool moltod m black Tho firo is kopt largo to ploaso Philip King So Mías Doives in- formed mo whon I romonstiatod against it tho othor day Ho must bo of a chilly natuio " Romciiibeung what I had hoard said tho piotious night, I thought ho might bo But tlio words had iillorded tho opportunity for a question that I was longing, in my curiosity, to put "Solina, who is Miss Dclvos? Is sho a lady ora son nut?" "You had bottoi not call hor a aorvant, Anno, sho would novor forgive it," answered Solina, with a short laugh "Sho is a lolattvo of Mi Edwin Bailey's " " Than, why doos sho not sit with you, and elmo at tablo?" "Bocuusoldo uot chooso that sho sholl sit with me, auddiiiont tablo," nas tho losontful, haughty lotoitj und I could soo that thoro had boon somo past imploasantnoss in îogard to Miss Dohes "Whon Mi Edwin Barley's mother diod, who used to hvo with him, Olmtlotto Delves cunio hero as miatross of tho house That waa all veiy well so long as thoro was no legitímalo mistioss, but agos wont on, and I carno to it Sho nssumod a gi oat doal, I found sho was planted down to tablo with ua, and mndo horsolf my companion in tho di aw log- room at will I did not liko it, and ono day I told my husband to m hor presence I said that I must bo Iho solo mistress in my own house, and quitted the loom, having thom to soltlo it Since thou sho has takon tho pailor foi her sitting room, anti loota to the housohold, ns sho did boforo lu shoit, Miss Delves is Itoii8okoopor I havo no objootion to that, it Bates mo Iroublo, and I know nothing of domestic management Now and thon I invito hoi to tako ton with us, ot to a drivo m tho pony cai t ingo, and wo at o vostly poltto to eaoh othel nhvnjs" " But, ii you do not liko hor-" " Liko hor'" intonuptod Sehno " My dear child wo hnto oneil othei liko poison It win not m human nalino, you know, for hor not to fool my onliattco to tho houao aa a wrong, dia placing hoi fiom hot high post, and from tho mlliionco bIio had contrived to acnuuo over Mi Edwin Bni'cy Thoy woio as intituato aa brothor and Bistoi, and I beliovo ho is tho only living boing sho enies foi in tho whole world Whon I look tlio high tono with hor, it oxaspo íatcd hoi all the moro against mo, thoio's no doubt of it, and sho ropayBitby cairying potty talos of mo to Mi Edwin Barloy " " And whoso pint did ho tako, Selina ?" "Mine, of oouibo-always!'sho roturnod, with a forcible erapluuiB on tho first word "But it has noioi boon opon warfuro bolwoon mo and Misb Doives, Anno, you must under- stand thnt Should anything of Iho sort Biiporveno, sho would havn t" v ' *' « 'jp ..» monoy, mid would havo to go out as house- keeper in reality, 01 soinothing of tho kind My oooupulion would bo gono thou " " What occupation ?" " The saying and doing all sorts of wild things to mako hor think ill of me Sho goes and whispoiB them to Mi Edwin Barloy Ho lisions to her-I know ho doos, and that pro vokos mo Woll, httlo pot, what aro thoso honoBt brown oy os of youis longing to say?" " Why did you marry him, Selina ?" " Pooplo say foi money, Anne I say it was falo " " Ho poisundod you, perhaps?" "Ho did PotBuadod, proaacd, woiricdmo I Ho waa two yews talking mo into it. Botter, porhnps, that ho had givon hiB groat lovo olso whero ? Bottor for him, poBSibly, that ho had mat nod Char'olto Delves'" "Hut did ho want lo many Charlotto Doives ?" "Novor I don't bohovo that ovon tho thought over ontorod his hood Tho servants say she usod to hopo it, but thoy rattlo non eonso at random Edwin Barloy novor earod but for two things in tho world myself aud money " " Monoy ?" " Money, Anno Protty httlo pieces of gold and Bilvor, now, crisp bank notos ; yoUow old doods of parohmont, ropiosentmg housos and lands Ho cares for monoy almost as muoh os for mo , and he'll caro for it moro than for mo in time Who's this ?" [ro de «mnuED 1 Majîbied couples rosomblo a pair of Bhoars, ?o joined that thoy cannot bo separated, often moving in opposite directions, yot always punish- ing any ono who comos botweon thom Rowland Hill rodo a great doal, and by oxerciso presorvod vigorous health. On ono occasion, when askod by a medical friend what physician and apothecary ho omployod, to bo always so woll, ho rephod, " My physician haB boon a horso, and my apothecary an asB A militia ofilcor wanted tocomphmontanegro by drinking with him. "Well, captain," re- plied Cuff, " Iso vory dry, so I won't bo ugly about it Somo niggers is too proud to drink with a mihahy osBifer- but I think a mihshy oaaifor, when sober, is just as good as a nigga 'pocially if tho nigga is dry " IjESSIN», tho German philosopher, being absent minded, knocked at his own door one evening, whon tho servant, looking out of tho window, and not recognising him, said, " Tho Professor ib not at homo " " Oh, very woll, Boid Leasing, composedly, walking away, " 111 call another timo.' A Connaught farmor who had been brought to an election dinner in his county town waa puzzlod with tho silver fork whioh lay boforo him with his Boup, what ho most needed had been forgotten Iho farmer reminded the waiter by saying, "Waitherf> wdl yo bring mo a spoon widoutashtinit'" ,.."," An American editor thus advertises his mis- sing hat -" TI"» gentleman who inadvertently took our now beaver, and loft an inferior articlo in its Btcad, will do ua infinite kindness by ro turning ours, and he shall receive our warmest thanks and two apologios-ono apology for tho trouble wo have given him, and the ' apology for a hat ' ho loft us " Au able writer gives utterance to tho follow- ing valuable socret -" This looking forward to enjoyment don't pay. From what I inow of it, I would as soon ehaso butterflies for a living, or bottlo up moonshine for cloudy nights. The only way to bo happy is to take the dropB of happinoss as God giveä them to us evory day of our lives." 