OUR LONDON NEWS-LETTER. [From our own Correspondent.] London, Friday, November 6, 1868. ~; Accompanying I send you a full report of the proceedings at the dinner given last Tuesday to Sir James Fergusson, together with a short j^ sketch of the scene, written by a friend. The ~ idea of such an entertainment was a happy one ; and though your new Governor modestly re ferred to the honor done to him as more worthy - of a tried veteran returning from the field, the proceedings will be read with the greatest in terest in the colony. If from the list of gentle men present there are many names absent which might have been expected to be seen there, it was rather their misfortune than their fault. The colonial Minister was unfor tunately kept away, but his place was well filled by Sir John Fakicgton, to whom our colonies are greatly indebted as an enlightened Minister, and whose neat eulogium on Sir James will be as gratefully appreciated in South Aus ; tralia as it was in Willis's Rooms. The absence of Mr. Dutton was especially a matter for re gret. The illness which confines him to his .bed seized him just after the acceptance of the ten ders for the loan ; in fact, in consequence of exposure during his laborious efforts in con nection with that event. The occasion would have been a suitable one for some remarks upon the not Very amiable but very persistent efforts to blow upon the financial credit of the colony, and Mr. Dutton would have been the man to make them. I believe tbe idea of this entertainment, and the conduct of the arrange ments, were due to the worthy Cha;rman, Lieut. - Colonel Palmer, who seems nearly to have succeeded in inducing the Duke of Edinburgh . to grace the company with his presence. tfi« '.. Royal Highness probably would have come had he known beforehand that the Galatea was going to stick fast between Plymouth and- . Devonport. But it needed not a Prince of the Blood to give an interest' to the occasion. Possibly the most experienced speakers' were a little too full of reminiscences, but young com munities are quite ready to discover that they have a history, and the gallant veterans were a link of connection between the past and the present. The Hon. A. Blyth, with the load of ' fifty-four'' on his shonlders, excellently repre aented -young Australia. '? He spoke, with ;-B:inanly pride, of 'the spirit of independence ; which distinguishes South Australia even £ amongst lier sister communities, and made an excellent hit in referring to English ignorance ;/-f Australian geography. One of the toasts was '}£' Prosperity to New Zealand, and the Health ??&rSir; GeoigeGrey,*»ufc it w«s omitted, and |ljhe voice of the veteran Governor was not Jheard. The speech of Sir James Fergusson in :'geponBe to the toast of the evening justifies all. ^jsJIjb expectations that have been formed of His -^Excellency. It was modest .in spirit, felicitous ?an substance, and has the right ring about it Xhat speech will be a better passport to a cordial welcome than even the eulogiums of Sir JTohn Hay or Sir John PaHngton, Ton will have already heard by telegraph of the restdts of the tenders for the South Aus tralian 6 per cent loan of £400,000 on Tuesday, the 13th of Octoher.'at the .Bank of South Aus tralia^ I now subjoin a few particulars on the subject t— -*Oieresultafford.edan*ddidonal proof of thefavor with which colonial securities of this class are regarded by the investing public here. The attendance was very numerous. Over two and a half millions were tekdered for. Tenders at prices from £108 10s. to £107 5s. will receive partial allotment as follows :— £ £ 8. d. 2,000 at « 10 0 per cent, premium. 2,000 '8 1 0 ^' ? ' 7,000 '8 0'« ' '??? « 5,900*' 7 18 0 ' ' 79,000 '7 16 0 « ' 11,500 '7 15 6 ' 2,000 ' 715 0 ?' »« 202,000 ?*? 7 13 6 ' a 8,000' 7 U 0 ' ' . ' 10,000 ' 7 10 6 ' ' 9,9:10 ' 7 10 0 ' *' 6,000 '760' 1,000 '♦« 7 S 6 '?« ' £348,300 53,700 ' 7 5 0 per cent, premium, being ? — the balance, will be allot £400,000 ted from tenders amount ing to £401,000. The sealed paper containing the minim-inn price ? fixed by the Agent-Geneml was not opened. _ C I see that ' A Colonial Banker' in the Times expresses his belief that. in. consequence of the unfavorable feeling caused by the statements published relative to the treatment of the North. Australian Company, .your Government have suffered tothe extent of £20,000 in respect '4» the new loan. Other persons probably with Mnore accuracy estimate the loss at £12,000. ISome of the damage is to be attributed to the action of Mr. Elder in issuing an attachment against the property of the South Australian Government, which was granted on his declara tien that the sum of, I think, £14,000 was due te the shareholders of the North Australian Company in this country. ? Nothing, of course, will come of this manoeuvre, and the attach ment will no doubt be removed when the Lord Mayor's Court, over which- Mr. Russell G-urney presides, sits again. On Tuesday, October 20, tenders for the Go vemment of New South Wales Government 5 per cent, loan for £1,000,000 were opened at the Bank of New So th Wales, The total amount applied for was £3,659 4 0. All tenders at and above £98 Is. will receive allotments in full; those at £98 Os. &L; will Aave about one third of the jBums tendered for, while all below that sum will .not participate in the allotment. The sealed minimum was not opened. The highest tender was at 102, and the lowest at 9L These two experiments show that the appetite for colonial loans has 'singularly increased within the last two years, and apparently in propor tion to their increase in quantity. . -The 5 per cent, loan above referred to is unquestionably more advantageous to the Government of New South Wales than is the 6 per cent. loan, issued, at an average of £10? 12s. 6d. to the Govern ment of South Australia, as may be seen by any one who will be at the trouble to calculate the matter. Moreover, this preference of a 5 per cent, over a 6 percent, stock is of recent date, as up to -witJun six or eight months the stock exchange was more favorable to the latter. The understood reason is that a 5 per cent, stock would be more uniformly nearest to par, and those -nearest to par are by preference more ^extensively dealt in than other denominations.' jThe letter signed 'A Colonial Banker' re ferred to above (which appeared in the money article of the Times) deserves more than .» casual reference.. It commences as follows : — 'I venture to urge that the stern financial lesson taught the colonies through the recent discussion in your columns should not be lost sight of by those concerned in the honor of com mercial engagements or the true progress of the British Empire. Had there been any . good defence to . offer for South Australia £20,000 more would have been, realised for the securities just sold, and the holders of previous issues would have been spared the reduction of £40,000 in the value of theu property. Surely honesty is the best policy; and now that the 'other thing* has been tried, the old but not very en lightened maxim may be again adopted. A few years since you, Sir, had to enforce a «nmilqr lesson on 'Victoria in respect to Geelongaud Melbourne Railway bonds, and happily that colony found its advantage not only in re moving the stigma of an attempted remi diation of its engagements, but in subse quently maintaining its credit in the highest position, so that through the last finan cial crisis the securities were as readily dealt in or advanced upon as Consols themselves.' The letter then goes on to condemn the finan cial arrangements and good faith of New Zea land, which are vindicated with much spirit by ' A Colonial Taxpayer' in the Daily News, who seems to me to have much the best of the argument. ' A Colonial: Banker' then pro ceeds— and such words as these have a con siderable influence here, or I should not quote them : — 'It may be deduced bom these facts that the English mind is sensitively and pro perly alive to Its own interests. . The slightest 'deviations from the strict line of good faith, or the clearly recognised principles of finance, have a prompt rebuke, which, with the aid of an independent press, is transmitted like a vi brating chord throughput all parts of the com : mercial world. The colonies . are not too old to y learn the lesson. They are becoming repeated *£ borrower'. The Governments,, as a whole, attempt operations which here are left to joint stock companies or individual enterprise. Their statesmen, not endowed with large financial experience, are deluded by ephemeral success, and, worst of all, the force of pure democracy will exhaust it small communities the land revenues, which should for a long course of years be the basis of national strength, and the best security to the capitalist -for reproductive works. . . These facts will demand close and intelligent consideration whenever each new loan is brought out, and I trust the same course as that recently adopted will test the true value of colonial, credit and. the reliance to be placed on such Government promises. If that is the case I have no fear thaf the English public will be misled by. high premiums, often only the evidence of a weak or nominal market. I am also sure that the young colonies will not rush recklessly into debt if a vigilant regard is paid to the various objects for which borrowed capital is invited. I fear from many of thir undertakings being yet a burden upon their ex chequer that waste and prodigality are going forward ; and it is notorious that what is called ' popular. Government' is neither high-minded eoough to preserve dignity in many of its pro ceedings, nor conversant enough with those delicately constituted feelings which mean credit ard honor in nations. There are now afloat 27,000,000 of Australian and , New Zealand securities; large further de mands are soon to be made ; and while _ these bonds are deservedly favorite means of ,- investment, I trust you will continue to pro f^-'' tect the public and to give such opportunities '?'?.? as the present for communicating with those who represent colonial authorities, and may in fluence the public mind of the colonies.' As I said in my last letter, the ex parte statements that were published in the Times ? were calculated and intended to have, and no doubt did have, an injurious - effect on the Soutif Australian Loan. 'The following was published in the Amlralian Gazette on the subject, a few days before the issue of the Loan, though such explanations can not be got into the leading; journal, which is too much under the influence.' of ihe stockjobbers :-— ' Some five years ago the Government of ^Soutb Australia, anxious to turn to account the suc cessful explo ations of Stnart in North Aus tralia and to extend colonization along the northern coast of that continent, in order to raise funds for those purposes, and to provide for the surveys and preliminary expenses of establishing a settlement, sold in anticipation land orders conferring titles to town and country allotments. These land orders were extensively bought in the city by parties who knew well what they were about, most of them Laving had a considerable and a very profitable experience in land speculations in Australia. The South Australian Government undertook to proceed with the. surveys and other preliminary opera tions, and it cannot be denied, that this duty has been greatly mismanaged, but still in no way to prejudice the good faith of the colonial. Government or the credit of' South Australia, for it was distinctly stipulated and understood that the undertaking was to be self-supporting, and that the revenues of South Australia itself were not to be held liable. It will be seen that the .undertaking was essentially a speculation, into which the parties entered with their eyes open. When land orders are bought under such circumstances for ridiculously low prices, and the profits of success are likely to be large, there must be a corresponding amount of risk, which was estimated at the time in the value of the land orders. The South Australian Govern ment, without loss of time, sent out an expedi tion, which was so badly managed that its failure was inevitable, and to this extent the South Australian Government is liable, and has never sought to repudiate its liability. When the land-order holders became clamorous for a return of the purchase money, the South Australian Governmt-nt justly pointed out that no limit of time was fixed, and that it had still funds in hand to proceed with the undertaking, for which purpose two surveying expeditions have since been sent but to ascertain the best site for the future set tlement, and so far from 'here being any war rant for imputations upon the good faith of the South Australian Government, the very last mail brought word that it had submitted a Bill to the Colonial Legislature, offering extended terms to the holders of the Northern Territory land orders. Until they have accepted or re jected those terms the holdeis have no right to impute to the Colonial Government any design of breaking faith with them, for, on the con trary, it has admitted its responsibility even beyond the strict legal interpretation of its un dertaking. The City, editor of the Times often passes very arbitrary judgments, especially, in cases in which, the colonies are concerned, but if anything can undermine the great influence of the leading journal it will be the fact that i's columns, either through ignorance or a determi nation hot to investigate the real facts of the case, are open to exparte misrepresentations — the animus of which is obvious — imputing bad faith to a Colonial Government so close upon the eve of an important financial operation that there is hardly time for a reply, pr even an explana tion, on its behalf.' 'We are on the eve of the, most important general election that has occurred for perhaps a generation past. Not merely the fate of the Irish State Church trembles in the balance, but 'if that is disestablished, allowed to form a Free Episcopal Church, and : should revive and flourish under its . independence, there cannot be a doabt that, in due time, the Church of England will be emancipated after a similar fashion. So far, Mr. Disraeli is right. The question of the connection of Church and State is at issue. But however that may be in another fortnight the complexion of the new Parliament elected under the auspices of household suffrage (limited,' as one may), will be known, though the general elections will not be entirely over..' A week ago there was a possibility of an ad journment of the dissolution. ? It was generally reported that Mr. Disraeli, on some specious pretence or other, was endeavoring to persuade his . colleagues . to postpone that step for a week. If that had been done, not only would the crisis have been prolonged, but, what is of far more consequence, ** Jeremy Diddler,' as Puttck dubs the Premier, would have had a respite ti'l February next. Another week's delay would not have prevented the new Par liament from meeting, but would have made it impossible to test the strength of parties before Christinas, and thus a great part of the next session wou'd have been wasted in the change of .Ministry and the arrangements consequent upon it. No sooner was the rumor spread abroad, how ever, than there was such an outcry in the press that the plot was abandoned and denied. There was a Cabinet Council last Saturday, at which it was decided that faith should be kept with the public, and at to-morrow's Privy Council it will no doubt be ordered that the dissolution shall be proclaimed on Wednesday next. This will enable most of the elections to be completed by the end of the following week. Parliament will meet about the 9th of Decerr ber, and by the 14th the swearing in and ?lec- tion of Speaker will have been completed. This will leave 11 days before Ohristmas, and in that interval the fate of the Disraeli Govern ment is expected to be sealed. This issue is now universally taken for granted. The Times has discounted, the results of the elections which are substantially the same as I ventured to predict in my last letter: — ' Bio e than half the seats for the new Parliament are uncon tested, and the liberals start wi- h a majority of 92\. But this does not exhaust the list. Wherever there are three candidates, two of one party and one of the other, standing for a place: which elects two members, there is an uncontested seat for the party which has the two candidates. Thirty-four seats are thus secured to the Liberals, and about half-adozt n to the Tories, leaving a balance in favor of the former of twenty-eight. The Liberal majority is thus increased from ninety-two to 120 out of a. total of 310 uncontested eeats. Supposing that the remaining 316 seats are equally divi 'ed — which is the utmost the most sanguine Con servative can expect — Mr. Glad^toae will com mand quite 388 supporters in the new Parlia ment, or double the Liberal majority in the ex piring House of Commons.' At present, how ever, this consummation has yet to be reached, and the country is now in the thick of the con flict. The Tories cannot be denied the credit of showingmuchjudgmentand pluck. First, th«?y have inundated the constituencies .with hills and placards in defence of ' our Protestant Constitution,' and have for the most part enlisted the services of the clergy as elec tioneering ' agents. It is a safer game than public meetings, where they are peculiarly liable to be outvoted. In every town and almost every village, and even throughout this busy metropolis, these spasmodic appeals against handing orer England to the Pope cover the dead walls ; and, I fear, are not without effect. This work having been effec tually done, a host of candidates has been sent forth during the past month to contest every seat where there is a ghost of a chance, and the Temples and Inns of Courts have been ransacked for fluent lawyers to stand election contests and spout fustian on behalf of our threatened Constitution. Nearly every Q.C. seems to be engaged in the fray on one side or the other. The cost of these operations must be prodigious ; but the Carlton Club Fund is large beyond piecedent. In the metropolis only one constituency — that of Sonthwark — is spared the turmoil of a contested election. As you know, them are four seats for the City of London, and the four old members, Baron Rothschild and Messrs. Goschen, Patteson, and Laurence are again ii the field. They have three opponents — all unknown men— '-and though the Liberal agents confidently give out that they can secure all four seats, the action of the minority clause, which prevents the electors from voting for more than three candidates, gives the Tories a good chance of carrying one man. In Westminster, Mr. Stuart Mill will be hardly pressed by Mr. W. H. Smith, the great news agent ; his support of Mr. Bradlaugh, the a'heist, and interference with sundry elections, having alienated many of his friends. For Ghelsea Mr. Odger, the working man's . candi date*, and a very-able -man, has been obliged to retire by the decision 'of apptMtedji*Vi*'rt*1'ors- and has very iiaiid8pmely-o««i*-'K»rward to ad vocate the claims of his successful competitor, Sir -H.Jloate, awho will no doubt be returned with Mr. Dilke. T' In Lambeth Mr. Morgan Howard, the Tory, isveiy strong, but it may be doubted whether he will succeed now that there are only two Liberal candidates in the field. In Maryle^one there-are three Liberals, but the Tories are weak. t)r. Sandwith, of Kata. will probably displace -me of the sitting members. Mr. O'Malley, the. Protestant bar rister, has come forward for Fiasbury, and has enlisted all the Evangelical clergy in his favor, but the sitting members, Messrs, Torrens and Lush, are too strong to be nnseit d, though Mr. Cox has once more entered th^ field. For Hackney a Tory has just come forward, and there are five Liberal candidates toNdrvide the votes and neutralise each other. It is the same in the Tower Hamlets, whera Mr. Disraeli's protege, Mr. Corpe, has a chance o\ being elected unless the Liberals can arrangt their differences. It was thought that Mr. Alderman Salamons and Mr. Gladstone — who is pu\ for ward for Greenwich as a place of retreat if teed be— would have had a walkover. But tyo Tories are in the field, though they have no chance. The Constitutionalists have threatened Middlesex, and have assailed East Surrey, but, their efforts will be useless. It will be only a Vvftinshow.' So much for the metropolitan Area. The contests elsewhere are too numerous to be spe cified. The most interestingis, of course, that of South-west Lancashire, where Mr. Gladstone is now said to be safe, and his colleague also. Then there is North Lancashire, where it is a neck-and-neck race between a Hartington and a Stanley. Sir Stafford Northcote is safe for North Devon, but his colleague, Sir John Pakington, will, if the screw is not put on too severe, be hard pressed at Droitwich by Mr. Corbett. 'It is quite possible that the Duke of Marlborough will be defeated in the personaof his nominee at Woodstock, by the Hon. Mr. Brodrick, who is a plucky formidable antago nist; and the- Earl of Malmesbury may be hipped under similar circumstances at Christ church.' For Cambridgeshire, Berks, Her's, the toree divisions of Derbyshire, and two of the West Biding constituencies, there is a keen contest — indeed the county elections will be highly exciting, owing to the prodigious activity of the clergy, the fanaticism produced by the V No Popery' cry, and the vile slanders that have been heaped upo i Mr. Gladstone. I fear there will be some hot work, and, perhaps, some ser ousriots. Among the boroughs Birmingham takes a foremost place. Mr. Bright has been. lately among'his constituents stimu lating their zeaL Of course his seat is safe ; but there are two Tory competitors against his two Liberal colleagues. It is thought that by dividing the town into ward*, and. the Liberals in each ward voting steadily for the two lowest on the poll, that all -three of their men may be returned, With 3,000 votes to spare. At Leeds the Liberals cannot hope to return more than two Liberals ; in 'Liverpool they may only secure one. There 'is a Tory up for Glasgow; but there the Liberals hope to secure all three seats. At Manchester the issue is doubtful. So much for the three-cornered constituencies. At Sheffield Mr. Roebuck will probably be dis placed by Mr. Mundella, the eminent promoter of Courts of Arbitration in industrial disputes ; at Bradford Mr. Myall's return seems, all but certain, spite of the most virulent opposition; Mr. Osborne will have a hard fight for his posi tion at Nottingham ; Mr. Bruce is still in danger at Merthyr; Dover, Bristol, Bedford, York, and Boston will probably record Liberal -gains. But there are at least a score of Beats where the only chance' for the Tories arises from the divisions among their opponents, though as the day of election approaches the number is. diminishing. There are now two working men candi lates in the field. Mr. Cremer seeks to displace a Tory at Ayles bury,.aad Mrv. Hart well to supplant a Liberal at Stoke, but neither seems to stand much chance. At Blackburn and Bolton there have already been serious riots ; at Dewsbury, I fear, there will be sad work ; and the success of a Tory against Mr. Ernest Jones at Manchester would probably lead to disturbances. Then it may be noted that Mr. A. Trollope, the novel ist, has taken the field as an out-and-out sup porter of Mr. Gladstone; that Mr. Marsh, of Australian notoriety, has been obliged to retire before the indignation of his constituents at his Adullamite proclivities; and that Mr. Horsman, disowned by S-roud, is wooing, not very successfully, the electors of Falkirk. If the Tories secure 10 seats in Scotland, they may consider they have done welL In Ireland the issue is less certain, but the Liberals are work ing hard to .-ecure Dublin, Belfast, Deny, and Newry, and probably they will increase their majoiity by half-a-dozen votes. In my rapid review of the election field I had almost forgotten Oxford University. Sir . W. Heathcote, a nae specimen of the Conservative gentleman of the old school— affable, cultivated, high-minded, and conscientious — has retired, be' wildered and disgusted with the educational processes of the new leader of the party. And here by the way I may quote a good saying re peated by Mr. Goschen, M.P., at a City meet ing in illustration of the position Mr. Disraeli occupies towards the Tory party : — ' ' He does not belong to our eleven' said a Conservative one day, * he is our professional bowler. ' No thing could more accurately describe the esti mation in which Mr. Disraeli is held by those he claims to have * educated.1 He does the work, and pulls through the game with a due contempt for the gen; lamen players, and they in turn pay for his services, but keep him out side the pale.' Sir William Heathcote, dis satisfied, like General Peel, Lord Coraarvon, and Lord Salisbury with the ' professional bowler,' retires, and Mr. Hardy's friends have put up in his stead Mr. Movbray, the AdvocateGene ral, who has b?en irreverently designated as ' Hardy-and-water.' The Liberals, backed by the Sigh Church Conservatives, have nomi nated Sir Roundell Palmer, who would have been the next Lord Chancellor, but for his con scientious differences with his leader and friend on the Irish Church question. Sir Roundell is for disestablishment, but not for disendow ment; There is an extraordinary combination of influential men belonging to the University in favor of this noble and brilliant lawyer, but the non-resident clerical voters are numerous and bigoted, and are quite ready to accept Archdeacon Denison's belief that it is as certain as there is a sun in Heaven, that if they help to pull down the Church of England, - he , Church of Borne would sweep over them like a flood, and would lick them up as an ox licketh up the grass. The election excitement has received an enor mous impetus from the election addresses of the Liberal leader. It is a new thing to find a great statesman — a man who will soon be clothed with a power which Sir Robert 4*eel might have envied — descending into the arena, and taking part with the ordinary combatants. But Mr. Gladstone is too earnest a politician to pin his faith on traditions. He knows that the best antidote to scurrility and misrepresenta tion are candid explanations and dignified argu ment. The superfine Pall Matt Gazette does not like to see the Premier-apparent 'faking to the stump.' Mr. Gladstone knows better how to reach the public conscience. His speeches at Liverpool, Newton, Ormskiik, Wigan, and other places, have exercised a great influence throughout the country, and have furnished his followers with an armory of facts and arguments, and with a model of the method in which the conflict should be conducted. His speeches are simply an expansion of bis election address. He has given us a vivid history of the Reform movement for the last three yeart,, and as if that were not enough to meet the pretensions of his opponents, has shown that in repect to the Reform Act the Tories have originated no important clauses but the ratepaying provision, which will have tobe re pealed. Mr. Gladstone goes in strongly for a rentrenchment of our enormous expenditure, and he will sOon be in a position to make good his promise. He clearly proved that the Tories had added three millions to our permanent out lay, and attributed it partly to the necessities of their position as a weak Government in a ', minority. Frequent occasion was taken to oon- { demn the vacillating and dishonest policy of the - Conservative Cabinet — ''Sometimes watered I down to the extreme of debility, sometimes ' flying to the seventh heaven of rhetorical exag geration, and telling us that we were proposing that which was worse than foreign conquest.' The policy of Mr. Disraeli was such that you need not fear his not ultimately conceding, as happened after the Hyde Park riots, the very measures asked by the Liberals ; but ' you would get them at that stage at which, instead of enlightened conviction, a slavish fear has become the motive.' ' I look,' concluded Mr. Gladstone, 'to this Protestant people to put down Protestant ascendancy, which pretends to reach its eric's by doing homage to religious truth, and instead of con secrating politios, desecrates religion.' the Irish Church question — as that which requires to be first dealt with— was that which had the greatest prominence in his address. His telling exposure of the conduct and posi tion of the Government, his keen and cutting criticism of the report of the Commission, and his eloquent exhibitions of those great prin ciples of truth and justice which demand the adoption of the course he bas proposed, -were admirably done. Perhaps he somewhat over stated the difference between the English and Irish Establishments, but Mr. Gladstone spoke as a statesman who has a particular work in hand, but whose mind is progressive. Though, he declared that the English Church ought not to be, and cannot be, disestablished, events will probably prove too strong for him. There vas hardly any phase of the Irish Church con tip versy that he neglected— no sophistry that was left unexposed by his keenintellect. . She argument that the Irish Church is a Mis sionary Church was thus met by Mr. Glad stone : — It appears then, after all, that the Church of Ireland does not exist in Ireland for the purpose of maintaining the light and glory of the 'Reformation, as Mr. Gathorne Hardy says. (Laughter.) But that the business of the Church of Ireland is to convert stray Non conformists, and to bring them hack to the fold. (Laughter, and cheers.) Now, this really is a discovery — it is a magnificent discovery. (Laughter, and cheers. ) It seems to shift the whole state and position of affairs ; it gives you a new point of view, as they call it, and it is a most serious matter if, after all the con sideration we have already given to this matter, which we thought lay mainly between the Church of Ireland and the people of Ireland, we are to be told that it does not lie between them at all— that it is admitted the Church of Ireland has failed wholly, utterly, miserably, as regards the majority of the people of Ireland, .who are Roman Catholics, but that it has had a magnificent success, and that these unfortunate Presby terians, who were more than two to one to Church people two hundred years ago, are now somewhat less than Church people in number. Therefore, gentlemen; pray consider it as an anti- Protestant propagandism you are invited to enter upon. (Laughter and cheers.) That is the answer they give. I believe that to be the only answer. But I must also tell you this, that if it were true, it would not be a very good answer. I suspect the six or seven millions of Noncomformists in this country, and the three millions of Presbyterians in Scotland, and the half a million or more of Presbyterians in Ireland, will not be particularly well pleased with this new view of the position of the Church, the friends and advocates of which, in days when things are quiet, are apt to turn what is called the cold shoulder to the Presby terians — but. of late there are a portion of them, particularly the active politicians, who make the most warm and moving appeals to the Pres byterian body, and entreat them toput shoulder to shoulder, and confront the enemy in the field, in the name and for the sake and for the interests ' of their common Protestantism. (Cheers.) The explanation is this— but I must not go at length into it. In Ireland, in the be ginning of the 17th century — it is difficult in dep-d to trace minutely the confused ecclesias tical history of the country, which at that time was but half organised — but it is well known that a large portion of the parishes and incumbencies of (he country— a very large portion, indeed, of Ulster, and some parts, I believe, beyond it, were in the hands of Presbyterians, and, of course therefore the Presbyterians counted at that time as a very large number in proportion to the members of the Church. And it is perfectly true up to a certain point that by the fact of becoming Episcopalians — by the fact of having Episcopalian government placed over the parishes, the Episcopalian government became uniform throughout the country, ins t pad of having a, Presbyterian government placed over them — it is true that a number of persons came to be counted as Episcopalians who before that had been counted as Presbyterians. Now that is the explanation. There is no truth in the allega ion that the Irish Church has been suc cessful in putting down Dissent either by force or persuasion. (Cheers.) It has been success ful in putting down nothing. (Loud cheers.) But it has been very successful in putting up something. It has put up agitation ; it ha« put up controversy ; it has put up, as I have shown, in comparison with Protestantism, the Roman Catholic religion, which has thriven, and does thrive, under that sense of civil injustice which makes all its professors who are loyal men rally round it with a determined adherence. (Cheers.) Gentlemen, our motto is, ' Be just, and fear not.' Do you approve that motto, or do you not ? (Cries of 'Yes,' and loud cheers.) If Mr. Gladstone's seven grand speeches have done naught else, they have secured him, it is believed, his seat for South-west Lancashire. They have beensupplemented by Mr. Bright, who at Birmingham, gave a graphic history of the Tory party for the last 40 years to show what were their claims to the support of a progressive nation. The false position in which the Tories are now placed cannot be better indicated than by the style of Mr. Brigbt's appeal to the new electors. ' Metaphorically, may I not say,' he remarked, 'that your chains are but just dropped off ? — they lie now at your feet ; your limbs at the very moment are sore from their charing ; the sound of their clinking has not left your ears, and you are impudently and audaciously asked to vote for the men and for the - party who for hundreds of years have rivetted these chains upon you ! ' And this is the light so far as can be judged, in which the new electors regard Mr. Disraeli's claims upon them at the present time. Mr. Bright devoted another speech to point out the shortcomings of the Reform Bill, and the monstrous and irritating injustice of the minority clause. He has also made -several speeches at Edinburgh, which are reported by telegraph in the daily papers to the length of five or six columns. In fact the position of the hon. gentleman is now altogether altered. The Times praises him, the Saturday Review is deferential, and a very high position in the next Government is within his grasp. Whether Mr. Bright will be Minister for India — which would make him the master of the Earl of Mayo, the new Governor-General, or Secre tary for Ireland — which would go far by itself to reconcile our Celtic fellow-countrymen to Saxon rule, or will hold some sinecure office with a seat in the Cabinet, there is little doubt that within two -months, he will be clothed with official responsibilities. The good old Archbishop of Canterbury (Dr. Longley) died at Addington on the' 28th of October, after about six weeks' illness, arising out of an attack of bronchitis while enjoying some relaxation in the TyroL The Guardian gives a very interesting account of his last moments, which is worthy quoting : — ' His mental powers remained uninjured, and he was occupied unceasingly in reading devo tional books, or in writing or giving instruc tions concerning bis charge, which he had almost completed, though he had quite given up the idea of delivering it orally. 'He anticipated the end almost from the first, and in a paper written three or four days ago, when speaking was become difficult to him, he said, ' I commit my soul into the hands of my God and dear Saviour. I. have had proofs enough of His love in the past, and I am well assured that whatever sufferings or trials are permitted to befall me are -visitations of love. ' Though He slay me, yet will I trust in Him.' As to the faith in which I wish to die, I cannot better express it than in Richard Hooker's dying words, as indicated in the underlined passage I have written out. ' A poor and guilty sinner I know myself to be ; but I believe that those who kneel at the foot of the Cross with this sincere Confession will never be cast out if they look to the cleans ing blood of Christ for their sole ground of pardon and acceptance.' The following is the extract from Hooker :— 'Though I have by His grace loved Him in my youth, and feared Him in mine age, and labored to have a conscience void of offence to Him and to all men, yet if Thou, O Lord, be extreme to mark what I have done amiss, who can abide it? And, therefore, where I have failed, Lord, show mercy to me ; for I plead, not my righteousness, buttheforgiveness of my own un righteousness, for TTi« merits who died, to pur chase pardon for penitent sinners. And since I owe Thee a death, O Lord, let it not be terrible, and then take Thine own time. Let not mine, O Lord, but Thy will be done.' On Sunday Hib Grace appeared decidedly better, but on Monday afternoon the disease changed for the worse, and from that time he sank rapidly. He received the Holy Commu nion about midday on Tuesday, making all the responses with a cheerful and happy face. His last intelligible words were those of the 'Gloria in Excelsis.' But his looks and gestures proved how eagerly he joined in the prayers and ejaculations which were said wiih him during the day, and never was there seen a more beautiful peace than that of his last hour. About 6 he became unconscious. The members of Ma family, with his medical attendant, Dr. Carpenter, and Mr. Benham, the vicar of Addington, were with him to the last ; and he died, in the middle of the words of com mendation, so quietly that the last moment was not perceptible.' It seems odd enough that our Caucasian Premier should have the disposal of the highest position in the Church. But Mr. Disraeli will perhaps choose as judiciously as any other statesman, and he bas shown, by conferring the see of Peterborough on Dr. Magee, Dean of Cork, that he can choose wisely and welL If he follows traditions in the matter, he will pro bably select Dr. Jackson, Bishop of Lincoln, or Dr. Harold Browne, Bishop of Ely. Should he yield to Court preferences, the new Primate will be the Bishop of Oxford, which will create a great ferment, and Dean Stanley the suc cessor of Dr. Wilbeforce at Oxford. But this plan would be too hazardous. To translate Dr. Thompson from York to Canterbury would be to make a too active and able and pronounced a man the new Primate. The Bishop of Dur ham — the judicious Bishop, as Mr. Gladstone calls him— would be a popular appointment ; the translation of Dr. Trench, the Archbishop of Dublin, would be another opportunity of suggesting that the two Churches are indi visable. Punch gives a capital cartoon this week representing the gay and worldly Premier standing between two grave prelates, and doubtless Mr. Disraeli is sore perplexed with his great piize, and is at a loss what to do with it. There is not another Earl of Mayo to slip into the see of Canterbury, and for one church dignitary who is satisfied there will be a score disappointed. I think it is Sydney Smith who depicts more suo the consternation of a Prime Minister on receipt of the news of the decease of an Archbishop of -Canterbury. But Mr. Disraeli's presence of mind never fails him. Our Princes are again on their travels, or pre paring for them. The Prince and Princess of Wales will soon proceed to Denmark, then through Germany, and will find their way to Egypt. I cannot say whether the Duke of Edinburgh has startel as yet on his long cruise. He was to have left on Monday, but as ill-luck would have it, the Galatea grounded between Devenport and Plymouth Sound, and has had to be docked. But she is now in sailing trim, and wilL I suppose, proceed to sea forthwith. A court of enquiry into the cause of the casualty has been held at Devenport, and the result of the investigation, which has not transpired, is to be submitted to the Admiralty. It seems that the original programme of the second voyage has been to some extent altered, the in tention to visit the islands in the Pacific, and to proceed northward as far as Vancouver's Island, having been abandoned. On leaving Plymouth 'the ship will proceed to the Cape of Good Hope, calling at Madeira en route. She is expected to arrive at the Cape by the end of December ; and after remaining there a few days, will sail for Swan River, Western Australia, where she is timed to arrive by the close of January, 1869\. Early in February she will leave for Sydney, calling at Adelaide and Melbourne, which will occasion a delay of probably eight or ten days ; and about the middle of March she will continue her voyage to Wellington and Auckland, New Zealand, arriving at the former port about the end of the month. The Galatea will remain there a short time, and is appointed to leave Auckland towards the close May for Yokohama, in Japan, the distance being about 5,000 miles ; and she will probably reach the latter port by the end of June. She will then return by way of the Gulf of Pechili, Hong kong, Manila, Singapore, and Penang, and proceed to Calcutta, where she maybe expected to arrive by the end of October. On leaving Calcutta the Galatea will continue the return voyage, calling at Trincomalee, Point de Galle, or Colombo, proceeding thence by way of the Mauritius to the Cape of Good Hope, which port she will again reach by the middle of ApriL After leaving the Cape she will call at St. Helena, and is expected to arrive in England at the close of July, 1870. The cruise of the Galatea will thus extend over a period of one year and ten months, and by the time the ship again reaches an English port she will have covered a distance of upwards of 39,000 miles. It does not seem that in this business-like and exact programme provision has been made for calling at any Spanish port, or the Duke might be kidnapped, and carried off against his will to be crowned at Madrid. But, seriously, the idea of making Prince Alfred King of Spain, if ever anything more than a mere speculation, has gone out of remembrance. A more likely person was Ferdinand, a true Coburg, and father of the present King ot Portugal, and Regent during his son's minority. He is a sensible, experienced man, and perhaps it will not be held to detract from his wisdom that he resolutely announces beforehand that he wants no crown, and will not have one; but prefers, like Cincinnatus, his quiet country life. Thus the hopes of uniting Spain and Portugal now, or in the future, seem, to fall to the ground, and the Portuguese are very inimical to the idea. They are wise, for it would be once again the story of the brass and earthen vessel sailing down the stream together. Yet the Spaniards are showing marvel! «u moderation and re ticence. They have surrendered themselves to Prim, Serrano, Olozaga, and the rest of the successful revolutionists, who act as they please. At present Spain gets on wonderfully well without a crown and sceptre, and Queen Isabella is forgotten. The leading powers of Europe have recognised the Government de facto, except Russia, which can wait as long as it pleases. Even the Papal Nuncio does business with the new Minister of Foreign Affairs. The Jesuits have already been expelled the country, and all the monasteries and nunneries established since 1837 have been ordered to be suppressed. The Church in Spain has great property, and soon there will be a good round loan for meeting financial difficulties based on that solid gua rantee. The Government have decreed freedom of conscience, freedom of education, and we are told that any one may now walk the streets of Madrid with a Bible under each arm without molestation. The revolutionary Juntas have all been suppressed, and the Prim-Serrano Government rules with a strong hand. At the end of this month the elections will take place, and about Christmas the Constituent Cortes will meet to decide upon the form of Govern ment. The nation, it is said, still inclines to a constitutional monarchy, and the various sec tions of Progressists, Liberal Unionists, and Democrats are- trying to agree to a joint manifesto in favor of a monarchy. But where is the sovereign to be obtained? There's the rub. Some talk of King Espartero ; but that undecided chief is in the sere and yellow leaf, and loves his otium cum dignitate. Serrano favors the Duke of Moatpensier; but the -Spaniards have broken with, the Bourbons for good and alL Perhaps they will either make Prim, the popular idol, King, or drift into a Federal Republic, which is not unsuited to the institutions of the country. In Spain, as in Switzerland and the United States, local govern ment is well developed, and the Spaniards do not consider they are called upon to take the advice of European potentates as to their future form of Government. Though a pacific feeling obtains in France, and the King of Prussia's speech on opening his Chambers was eminently re-assuring, recent events in Austria have caused some disquietude. Baron von Beust tells the Military Committee that bis master wants an army of 800,000 men, because if war. should break out Austria must be able to sustain a position of armed neutrality. This reveals an arriere pensee which has caused Borne uneasiness in Europe. Explanations have been, offered, but the armament has been assented to, and the Moniteur thinks that 800,000 men are none too many for so great an empire. Austria is to be, then, after all, a military monarchy, and apparently a tacit ally of France. It is a great pity, for it will encou rage Napoleon III. to keep us his menacing attitude. The Presidential election has ended as was expected. General Grant and Mr. Colfax ob tain 219 votes, and Mr. Seymour and Mr. Blair 88 votes in the Electoral College, and Grant is the President elect. But the Democrats have strengthened their position in Congress, and the Republicans can no longer command a two thirds vote. This is not to be regretted. A moderate policy is now necessary to bring the South cordially into the Union, and Grant is not the man to go to extremes. The era of conciliation has now, it is to be hoped, com menced, which will heal the wounds and bitter ness of the past. The reign of violence seems to have ceased with the death of the remorse less Stevens, and the South must be governed with the assent of the white population. Of course General Grant will not assume the func tions of President till next March, but Mr. Johnson will no doubt conform to the popular will now fully declared, and act merely in his executive capacity, without frustrating the policy of reconstruction. It is not unlikely that Seward will remain as Secretary of State, but there seems some chance that Reverdy Johnson may be recalled from London as being too English. 