New South Wales. SHOCKING DETAILS OF A FATAL STAND-UP FIGHT. (From the Sydney Morning Herald ) The City Coioner on tbe 18th ol November resumed and concluded tbe inquiry respecting the death of Joseph Patrick Fitzsimmona, who died on Thursday morning, at bis lather's residence. Caitlereasfb-etreet, from tbe effects of injuries received whilst fight ing, in Bell's Paddock, with a yomh named Edmund Smith. Mr. Allf-d Roberts, surgeon, stated that between ten and eleven o'clock on tbe night ot tbe 11th of November, he was called to mts tbe deceased in consultation with Dr. Walker; be found him insensible and in a state of collapse ; there were slight bruise marks over the left eye and temple ; judging from those symp toms, as well as the hiBtory given him of tbe circumstances attending the cause of them, he feared an early and fatal result, aad expressed an opinion to that ertect; subsequent to death, he, ia cod junction with Dr. Walker, made a post mortem examination of tbe decease ; ihe body waa that of a rather under a *ed but well proportioned young man, aod was well nourished, tbe puffing on tbe left temple appeared to be the result blown o-ivitn with u fiat ; it wub nm caused by a kick j tbe skull was noi Iraotured ; tbe dura mater covering the '?mip was congested ; there was exten aive extravasation of blood covering the whole ot the oerebrum ; tbe bruin was remarkably healthy ; in his opinion death resulted from concussion ol tbe brain, which was accompanied by the rupture of a blood vassal on the surface of the organ ; that rupture gave rise to the extravksatiop which was discovered, and which by its presenoe gave rise to loeal compression and rendered recovery hopeless ; tbe concussion of the brain was probably produced by a fall. The bead appeared to be the only part ol the body which had sufiarsd any ma terial injury; judging from tbe occur ranoes which took place shortly before bs saw the deceased, as described in stidenre, together with the symptoms h« burl oWrved during life, and the post mortem appearanoee, be was ol opinion ibat deceased died from tbe effects of severe concussion of the hrain and extravasation of blood upon its surface, and that those injuries were caused by violenoe; a severe wrestling fall upon the ground would be a vrrv prohable causa of tuoh injuries John Crotty, 16, stated that he maided with his parents in n lane off Pitt street; he worked at Mr Hull's, ooachtnaker, in CastlereBgh street ; be bed been acqaamed with deceased for the last four or five years ; they worked together at Holt's; be knew Edmund Smith, George; Cartwright, Edward Cunningham, Charles Camden, Benja min Davis, and Dwyer or Fitzpatrick, ths prisoners before tbe Court ; about three weeks ago he had a dispute with prisoner Smith, at the old Burial Ground, in George street; deceased took bis part, and fought one round with Smith ; tbe quarrel resulted in a challenge between Smith and deceased to fight on the night of tbe Prince of Wales birthday ; they did not fight on thttt night, but fought on tbe following IVedneadav nitrbt: neither tbe olace nor the hour of fighting was fixed until j'ist before tbe fight took place ; on last Wednesday ni^ht be met deceased by appointment at the corner of King and Pitt streets; there were a number of other young men with him ; he knew that the fight was to come off on that evening; deceased said he would go and look for Cunningham, to act as his ' second ;' they met Cunningham, and deoeased said to him. ' Will you come -lown to the paddock, I am going to fi;ht Smith ;' Cunningham agreed to go; some of them went by way of King street, and others by way of Uarkflt street, to Bell's paddock where tbe fight wbb arranged to come off; they arrived on tbe ground before de ceased and his party arrived ; Smith's party consisted of prisoners Cartwright, Fitzpatrick, and others; prisoners Camden and Davis formed a portion of deceased's party ; on arriving at tbe ground a ring was formed ; Smith and Fuzsimmons immediately stripped ; Carrwright and Cunningham acted at 'seconds;' Smith and Fitzsimmonn fought a great many rounds ; the fight lasted for about an hour ; nearly every round, Fiizsimioons was knocked down by Smith ; there was sufficient light to enable him to distinguish the persons who were fighting ; once or twice de ceased succeeded in throwing Smith to -he ground; Snith used to take bolo ot deceased round the waist to throw liicn, aod nearly always /ell on tbe top ol deceased ; on each occasion Cunning bam would p-.ck ritzsimtnons up and hold him on bis knee until ' time' was culled for another round; Smith gene rally struck deceased about tbe chest and eirieB, and very seldom struck him on the face ? deoeased spoke very little during tbe fight ; the last time deceased fell Smith tell on him, and after that time deceased never spoke; tbe last lew rounds deceased appeared to be very much exhausted ; deceased fell to ? be ground after each of tbe eleven las' rounds, and Smith fell upon him ; tbe seconders made n« attempt to put an end to the fight, when they saw deceased becoming exhausted and stag gering abuut; when deceased fell for thn last time, Cartwright, Smith, and Fncpairick, and others rushed roun him ; Cunningham ihen ran amoDL'G' them and said ' There that will do, I think he's had enough;' deceased moaned heavily, and rolled over once or twice bb be lay on the ground ; on Cunningham's saying he thought dp, censed bad had enough, Smith, Fitz- patrick. awn uaibwii^ui| ddu several ULUerS went away ; observing that deceased was in a state of insensibility he (wit ness) procured a cab, and, with the assistance of a fad named Dwyer, con veyed deceased to tbe cab; they did not drop him whilst conveying him to the cab, nor did they strike him against the lence ; they carried him very care fully ; during tbe last two or three rounds deceased was exhausted, and was not able to stand up; his supporter had to hold him up to receive the blows of bis opponent ; be and Dwyer got into tbe cab and supported tbe deceased; on getting near tbe corner of College and William streets some person hailed tbe cab, and asked the cabman if be was engaged ; the cabman said no, and then ordered him and Dwyer to remove tbe deceased from the cab ; (he cabman put bis arms round the deceased and carried him to the steps leading into Hyde Park ; tbe cabman promised to return in a few minutes ; deceased was quite insensible, and was breathing heavily all the time ; they waited a few minutes, and finding that the cabman did not return, he and Dwyer carried tbe deceased to bis father's residence in CastJersagb strvet ; be knew of no ill feeling existing between Smith and d ? oeased previous to the challenge to fight being given. The Ooronor, in making a fflw re' marks to tbe jury, said be should re train frotn summing up, as tbe evidence bad been given clearly, and was no doubt fresh on the minds of the jury. It was his duty, however^ to explain to them the law by which tb«y were to be guided in ooming to a decision. If two persons deliberately went out to fight, and death ensued, the person who caused that death was, in law, guilty of wilful murder ; and all person* who might be present as aiders and abettors were also guilty of wilful mur der. In the present obsa it appeared from ths cridenoe that * fortnight or three weeks sgo deoeased and prisoner Smith cams into collision in some way at the old burial ground in George street ; one round was fought there and ihon ; tbev then deliberately arranged for tbe fight to come off at a subse quent period ; Dearly three weeks elapsed, and they then fought on the nitrbt of tbe lltb instant in Bell's paddock, and death was the result The jury would have to consider three things— in what manner did tbe de ceased meet with bis death; did ibe fight take place on the spur of ihe moment and m the heat of passion, or was it a premeditated affair. If the) wuumurcu iuai me ngnt wbb premedi tated, then it Would be their duty to bring in a verdict of wilful murder against Smith and the two prisoners who aoted as seconders; but it they considered that tbe fight was not pre. meditated, but took place on the spur of the moment and in the heat of psision, tbeir verdiot would be one ot manslaughter only. With regard to prisoners Charles Camden, Benjamin Davies, and David Fitzpatrick, tbev did not appear— judging from ths evidence —to have taken any aotive part in tbe fight, although they were liable to punishment for being present. He therefore discharged them from custody Tbs jury were then left to themselves to consider tbsir verdict, and after deliberating for more than six hours, 'hey returned a verdiot of manslaughter aifainBt prisoners JSdmund Smith, George Csrtwright, and Peter Cun ningham. Ths Coroner thereupon com mitted these three prisoners to take their trial at the next sittings of tbe Central Criminal Court. Bail w«b refused. THE LATEST ABOCT COUNT TON ATTEM8. A friend who had an interview with a passenger from Cape xork, has oom munioated tbe following to tbe Glad stone Observer:— Tbe Hamlet's Ghost, with the spurious Count on board, put into Somerset (Cape York), on or about the 16ih of AuguBt. On being boarded by the police boat, he made inquiries as to whether a frigate had arrived there, and on being answered in tbe affirmative oeoame agitated and eagerly inquired about her movements, but appeared relieved when told that the vessel was H.M.S. Virago, and that she had left he settlement in January. He remained eight days, and during the whole time kept a bright look out tor vessels in tbe offing. The captain and crew were discharged in consequence of a row between the ' Count' and the captain, in which revolvers were drawn. The crew relufed to put the captain in irons It appears that ibe Count had kept them in awe by threatening to give them twenty fi.e lashes a-piece when he tell in with the Austrian Irigate he was always expec ing. The Acting 1'olice Magistrate induoed the crew to re-ship under a fresh agreement, all but ths captain and steward, who remained behind. While in port the Couut was always dressed in the uniform of vn Austrian captain of oavalry, and wore a sword when on shore. He made a great display of tbe moner he had with him and purposely left bills of exchange lying about his cabin for visitors to see many of whioh were filled in for Urge amounts, add only wanted his signature. He succeeded in imposing upon tbe autboriiies, taking supplies lor his vessel and paying for them in bills, wbioh the holders will doubtless discover are about as valuable as drafts upon Aldgat* pump. Among those who were swindled are two naturalists, one named Thorpe, lhe Count bought stuffed birds, &e; . from them, to the amount of about £30, but some slight compunction must have uiuuuea aim, ior, contrary to custom, he paid them half 0BBa und half by a bill. He sailed lur Batavia on tbe eight) day, leaving letters for the captain ol tbe Austrian frigate aud his bankers in Sydney. The legate was ordered to folow him on to Timor. Tbe captain be hug with him is one Austin, late master of the brig Reliance, whioh was wrecked on the 8olomon Groun. He was picked up and brought into Bowen, whence he shipped as ma-e on board ibe Hamlet's Ghost. Two days after she left So Lerset, the schooner Captain Cook arrived from Bowen,with a warrant or the arrest °' the Count. 