PORT CYGNET. (From a Correspondent.) The arrival of the Right Reverend Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Hobart Town, accompanied by his Chaplain the Rev. J. Sheehy, on the 13th instant here, per steamer, en route to Franklin to make a visitation there, caused unusual stir in tbisquietlittle township, and still more stimulated the Catholic residents to complete the arrangements to be carried out for the purpose of giving His Lordship on his return a reception worthy of the veneration and esteem he is held in by his numerous spiritual children in this isolated district. Our energetic pastor, the Rev. John J. McKernan, has for some time been most assiduous in preparing the children and adults for Holy Confirmation, and although the many disappointments and difficulties a clergy- man has to contend with through the great difficulty in getting them to attend regularly the course of instruction requisite for the worthy reception of so Holy a Sacrament, the number presented by him to the Lord Bishop, viz., 32 girls, 25 boys, and 22 adults, was in all 79, a number unusually large for a mission still in its infancy and is practical proof of the success that crowns the zealous labours of our beloved Priest. On Tuesday his Lordship returned from Franklin and proceeded to the church to examine the children presented to him, in the Christian doctrine. The result was most satisfactory as all proposed passed with great credit to themselves and their Pastor. After a close examination, the Bishop expressed his satisfaction in no measured terms at the spiritual condition displayed by the children. Wednesday the 18th having been the day appointed to administer the sacrament of confirma- tion, and as it was the first visitation of a Bishop to this Parish for so holy a purpose, appropriate preparations were made to decorate the church of St. James, and make this pretty little temple worthy of so holy and important an event in its annals; This very pretty church, erected upon an appropriate site in the township by our late respected Pastor, the Rev." J. Holohan, after a long time contending with many difficulties inseparable from the establishment of a new mission upon land generously given by Mr. Fitzpatrick, who also liberally subscribed over fifty pounds towards (the funds for its erection, is admitted by competent judges, and upon high ecclesiastical authority to form a gem in the church architecture of Tasmania, and reflects the greatest credit upon its architect, Mr. H. Hunter. Our esteemed pastor, the Rev. J. J. McKernan, during the short time he has been with us has done much towards its internal adornment by erecting within a beautiful altar and tabernacle, and externally enclosing it with a substantial fence, the front part of which is of sawn battens painted white with handsome entrance, not to be surpassed by any other in the colony save in the cities, and a beautiful walk nearly gravelled to the church door. To resume at 10 a.m., the children all assembled in the old chapel, the girls dressed in white with white veils and blue wreaths, and the boys wearing a green cross on the right arm, and when in readiness they were ranged in twos outside the building awaiting the hour for serviced o'clock. All being ready the Revd. J. J.' McKernan con ducted His Lordship the Bishop, who was dressed in full pontifical, wearing mitre and bearing crozier in hand, with train bearer, and proceeded by two acolytes, took his position at the rear of the procession which moved on slowly to the church, and which presented to the large assemblage a striking and soul stirring spectacle on entering the church the girls took the place appointed them on the Gospel side, and the boys on that of the Epistle and the Bishop entering th e Sanctuary was met at the gates by the Rev. J. Sheehy, who, upon his Lordship's taking his sent on the Throne erected for the occasion, commenced the celebration of the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass, at the conclusion of which His Lord- ship was conducted to the High Altar by our zealous Pastor, and delivered a beautiful and impressive exhortation to the children about to receive the gifts of the Holy Ghost. At the conclusion of the invocation, his Lordship took his seat on the dais of the altar steps, and the girls being ranged kneeling in the centre of the church, two and two presented themselves to him to be signed with the holy chrism, genuflecting very grace- fully on approaching and returning. The boys then followed in the same order. Two being confirmed stood up and separated, thereby leaving room for two more who were in readiness, and who having advanced a little four were always seen most gracefully genuflecting in a line with each other in such order that we are happy to say the Bishop and his chaplain were most edified, and there was not one present but was struck with amazement that so many children could be so well prepared, so as to be able to do their part with such accuracy and decorum, a clear proof of the great amount of labour their devoted pastor had bestowed upon them. All being confirmed and again in their places, His Lordship exhorted them on the graces they had received, and impressed upon them the necessity of continuing until the end of their lives " true and faithful soldiers of Christ." The ceremony being now concluded, His Lordship, at the request of Father McKernan took his seat in front of the altar, as previously, there Messrs. O'Reilly and Holohan, churchwardens approached the rails of the sanctuary, and after a few appropriate remarks from the former, he then read an address to His Lordship on the occasion of the Sacrament of confirmation being administered for the first time in this parish. The address was beautifully engrossed by Mr. E. Hall, Hobart Town, to whom we are much indebted. His Lordship having graciously received it, read a very appropriate reply. A deputation of the children then approached and presented our beloved pastor with an affectionate address and valuable testimonial consisting of a beautiful ornamental clock under a glass shade, from the establishment of Mr. T. Barclay, Hobart Town. The address being read by one of the children, the Rev. Father McKernan most gratefully received their testimonial and address, which was beautifully engrossed by Mr. Kelsh, Hobart Town, to whom the children feel much indebted. The Rev. J. J. McKernan then stood up and read a very feeling reply, and appeared much moved at the generous offering of his juvenile flock. A procession was now formed as before, and proceeded to the old chapel where the children were seated to a substantial repast provided by their hospitable pastor. At 4 p.m. the children again returned to the church in the same order for evening service, the rosary being read and the children having sung several hymns. with great taste, the Rev. J. Sheehy delivered a very impressive lecture to the children at the conclusion of which they sang the litany of the B.V.M.. At its conclusion the. Bishop in full pontificalsasccndedthe altar and gave benediction to all present. The children then again proceeded to the old chapel in procession where their affectionate father exhorted them over to attend to the salutary admonitions of the Bishop, and then presenting to each a head of the Chapter of the Immaculate Conception (made by the sisters of the Presentation Convent, Hobart Town, as also the veils and wreaths for the children, and the beautiful flowers for the altar) took leave of them. They then being at liberty, gave three cheers for the Lord Bishop, three for the nuns, three for Father Sheehy, and three times three for their devoted pastor, and thus terminated this happy day which will be for over memorable to so many of the rising generation amongst us, 