NEWS AND NOTES. A most distressing accident occurred on Monday afternoon at Mr Grimley's swimming-baths, Grenville street, by which a fine young lad, named Wm. Boyd, aged fourteen years, son of Mr Boyd, proprietor of the Corn Exchange hotel, Market square, lost his life. It appears that about four o'clock the deceased and two boys, named John Stevenson and Wm. Morrison, went to swim in the bath, which from its size and situation would lead no one, even the most timid, to apprehend danger. It is about 70 feet in length, 10 in width, having five feet of water at each end, with a somewhat greater depth in the centre. Mr Grimley remained with the lads for a time, and more than once requested them to come out of the water. They, however, con- tinued amusing themselves, and he went away to transact some business in town. After he had left, the deceased and young Stevenson came from the bath and commenced to dress. The former had on his shirt and trousers, and it would seem from what can be gathered from the confused account given by his companions, that while playing on the spring- board he tumbled off and fell into the water. He was well able to swim, but must have lost all presence of mind, as he immediately commenced to struggle in such a manner as that he was being gradually drawn under the water. He remained in this state for some time, when the other boys becoming frightened ran into the house and gave the alarm. Mrs Grimley came out at once, and found the lad sinking, with only the top of his head perceptible above the water. She immediately procured the long pole, which is always kept near the bath in case of accident, and with this she succeeded in raising the lad's head out of the water. He was quite sensible, but almost suffocated, and quite powerless. He made an effort to hold on by the pole, but he missed his grip and sank. Mrs Grimley again raised him, and now he was within a yard of the edge of the bath, and close beside the steps descending into it. The woman was naturally nervous, and doubtless did not, or could not, hold the pole so firmly as would have spared the boy a struggle until assistance arrived. At all events, from some cause, the deceased could not maintain his hold, and he sank again. Just as he did so, three men, one of them a blacksmith, whose name is stated to be Hoates, attracted by the cries rushed in to the bath. Mrs Grimley pointed out where the boy sank, and begged of them to leap in and save him,—the depth of water being, as she stated, only five feet. They, however, declined to do so, and deemed it safer to try some other means of recovering the boy. Mr Baird of Bridge street, and Constable Connolly, hearing of the accident, ran to the spot, and at once proceeded to divest themselves of their outer garments, and plunged into the water. The latter, by diving, in a short time succeeded in recovering the body. Ser- geant M'Cullough accompanied, by Dr Hillas, soon afterwards arrived, and they instantly had recourse to the usual remedies for the purpose of restoring ani- mation. All such efforts, however, were found un- availing as it was evident life had been extinct before the body was recovered. Mr Boyd having been in- formed of the sad accident proceeded to the scene, and conveyed the deceased home, preparatory to the inquest which will be held to-day at three o'clock. It may be mentioned that this is the first accident which has occurred at Mr Grimley's baths within the last thirteen years. A hot wind, laden with clouds of dust from the northward, was blowing all day on Monday till towards sundown, when the heavens had become overcast with rain clouds, and a thunder storm came on with rain and hail at intervals, by which the temperature was agreeably reduced and the thirsty earth seasonably re freshed. Occasional showers followed during the evening. During the storm a part of tlie verandah in front of the shop of Mr Scott, jeweller, Bridge street, fell down on to the footpath, and the plate glass windows of the shop narrowly escaped being smashed. No one was, it appears, " under the veran dah" at the time of the accident. The forthcoming National Exhibition, judging from the extensive preparations that are being made, and the liberal support afforded from all quarters, will transcend in magnificence and success any gathering of a similar nature that lias taken place in the colony. There will be at least 1000 exhibits, and the greater part of these, it appears, were received on Saturday last, at Craig's hotel, by the energetic secretary, Mr Morrison. The number of entries in the several de partments are as follow:—Class A, draught horse stock, 69; B, blood horse stock, 13; C, hackneys, &c.;, 24; D, neat cattle, short-horns, 70; E, sheep, 107; F, swine, 56; H, dairy produce, 142; I, implements, dairy utensils, 14S; J, machinery, 72; K, plants and flowers, 5; L, colonial liquors, 70; miscellaneous, 123. It is thought that his Excellency the Governor will bo present on one of the days of the show. Excursion trains will run on the Government railways for visi tors to the show, and the tickets will be available from Wednesday to Saturday. The Queen's Foundry in Ripon street south by Rubicon street, better known as Mr W. Higgins' foundry, was visited on Monday evening by a large company, including several ladies, the attraction being the casting of a bell for St. David's Free Church of England in Drummond street, of which the Rev. G. Trevor is the minister. There seemed to be a con- junction of operations by Jove and Vulcan on the occasion, for while the sons of Vulcan were blowing up their fierce fires within, and getting the molten metal ready for the casting, Jove's lightnings were flashing athwart the dark heavens, and pelting storms of hail and rain were beating upon the resonant roof of the foundry. But while the spectators crowded into the foundry, and the harmless war of the ele- ments was going on without, Vulcan plied his fiery business assiduously, and lit up such flashing and lurid fires as seemed to fling all over the place con- tinually shifting masses of luminous brightness and dark impenetrable shadow. Soon after six o'clock the furnace was in play, and Mr Higgins and his men, aided by Mr Scott, an old Ballarat hand at such matters, soon had all the spectators pressing round the furnace and the moulds that stood ready for the metal. When the proper time came, the operators threw into the furnace some 3 cwt or so of metal, consisting of old brass engine-fittings and blocks of copper and tin, more fuel was heaped on, the air-drum hummed and buzzed more vigorously, and as the sulphurous flames emitted more and more brilliance the faces of the spectators were lit up with a ghastly hue, as if they belonged to a crowd of ghosts huddling together to see a weird scene on the verge of Pandemonium. Presently, after the chief ministers in the rite had poked and probed vertically and horizontally into the hissing furnace, the metal was pronounced to be ready for the flow. Then the iron ladle was set beneath the bottom of the furnace, and the molten fluid rushed out, hissing, sputtering, glowing, bright, with leaping flames of blue that seemed to bite spitefully at the iron rod with which one of Vulcan's men skimmed off the dross that floated on the surface. At this mo- ment Mrs Wilson, who had collected a lot of silver coins from the company, threw them into the heaving metal, and thus contributed, let us hope, a silvery sweetness to the bell which is by-and-by to call wor- shippers to the church. The metal was then poured into the mould, and the whole pro- cess declared to be safely completed. Sub- sequently a smaller bell was cast, the process being in all respects similar to the larger affair. When the casting of the church bell was done, the Rev. Mr Tre- vor, surrounded by the spectators, approached the mould and said—"I pronounce this bell dedicated to the worship of God, by the name of St. David, in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost; Amen." Cheers, hearty and repeated, were then given for the founder, and the ceremony was over, save that there was an adjournment to Mr Higgins' private house hard by, where temperate libations were poured in further honor of the event of the day. The St. David Bell is the largest ever cast in Ballarat for church purposes, its weight being a little over 2 cwt, and its dimensions 26¾ inches at bottom, with a height of 23 inches. The smaller bell cast at the same time weighed about half cwt. The next largest bell cast here for church use is that of St. Peter's, in Sturt street, which weighs about 120 lb, and was cast nearly two years ago at the Victoria Foundry by Messrs Hunt and Opie. The same firm cast the largest bell yet made here, namely, the bell cast six or seven years ago for the Ballarat Fire Brigade, which weighed between 5 and 6 cwt. Mr Higgins, the caster of the St. David Bell, is also the generous donor of the bell to the church, of which he is an active member and a liberal supporter. He bears all the expense of the process, and makes the bell a free gift to the church. It is pleasant to record thus much of a founder whose large business with mining companies in the district, and whose many excellent products, have made his name famous among the many enterprising founders in Ballarat. The visitors to the Queen's Foundry on this occasion had an op- portunity of inspecting a variety of the castings, both useful and ornamental, which Mr Higgins' works have turned out, and visitors to the coming National Exhi- bition in the Agricultural Society's yards will have a still better opportunity of seeing some of his best pro- ductions. In passing, too, we may remark that Mr Morehouse, one of Mr Higgins' employés, has invented a spark-arrester which will be exhibited at the National Exhibition this week, and which, so far as we are able to judge from the drawings, promises to answer very effectively the purpose of the inventor. The Herald says—" It seems that Mr T. Higinbo- tham, Engineer-in-Chief of Railways, who has been deputed to report upon the Coliban water-supply works, has not yet completed his task, and that it will probably be a fortnight yet before he will be in a posi tion to furnish a report, as the officers appointed by him are still engaged checking the levels of the Coli ban aqueduct. However Mr Higinbotham may report, it seems to us scarcely professional etiquette that one engineer should be called upon to report upon the work of another. If the Government considered that the work had not been efficiently carried out by the Chief-Engineer and his assistants, or that they wished to test the correctness or otherwise of the rumoas which prevailed as to the levels, the proper plan would have been to have appointed a commission of gentlemen having a thorough knowledge of hy draulic engineering." The police stationed in the Ovens district appear to be in a state of complete disorganisation. Already two officers and several constables have been dis missed, and now another constable has been suspended on a charge of having spoken disrespectfully to other men of Mr Inspector Kabat. A police enquiry has recently been held in the Western District, andanother is shortly to be held at Jamieson. The projected enquiry into the treatment of Mr Donaldson by the medical staff of the Melbourne Hospital (says the Arte) is likely to be deferred, no intimation having yet been received of the intention of Mr Donaldson's friends to abide the decision of the medical men to whom it was proposed to entrust the enquiry, viz., Professor Halford and Drs Tracy and M'Crea. The A ye states that it is rumored that Colonel Bull, of Castlemaine, will be amongst the police magis trates who will be superannuated after the present year. In that case Mr Colles, the sheriff of Castle maine, will be called upon to discharge the duties of police magistrate. The Herald states that Sir Champ, the Inspector-General of Penal Establishments, will retire upon a compensation allowance. It is also men tioned that Judge Macoboy will be removed from the Maryborough to the Ovens district. It is stated that the officials employed on the Victo rian railways are to wear a uniform similar to that adopted in the other colonies. To-day is the last day for issuing and serving sum monses in the next County Court and Court of Mines, Smythesdale, and Saturday, 24tli October, will be the last day for filing the summonses. The courts will sit on Wednesday, 4th November. The collections made at St. Paul's Church on Sun day last in aid of the District Orphan Asylum amounted to the handsome sum of £31 lis 5d. In the window of Mr A. V. Smith, photographer, is a picture illustrative of the method in which the pro jectors propose to raise the City of Launceston. The diagram is on a scale of a tenth of an inch to a foot, and is somewhat similar to the plan on view at the secretary's office, and mentioned in the Star a week or two ago. The exhibitor of the plan has not been very successful in his orthography, but that need not, wc suppose, be taken as an omen of ill success in the ex periment so soon to come off in the bay. There was a large crowd all Saturday evening long looking at the picture, for the Sunken Vessels scrip has now a wide hold on public attention. After a good deal of hesitation, and the holding of various meetings, the Town Council of Sandhurst has decided to borrow £11,000 for municipal works. It appears, however, that legal proceedings are to he taken to test the legality of the special rate, should the council strike one, about which some doubts aro even now expressed. It will be remembered (says yesterday's Evening Star) that about ten days ago a burglary was com mitted upon some premises situated at the corner of Queen street and Flinders lane, and a large quantity of property taken away. On Saturday afternoon last, Detective Jennings succeeded iu arresting a man named James Fitzroy, upon a charge of burglary, and has now traced the whole of the property stolen to his possession. The prisoner was brought before the City Court this morning, and remanded. Mr "Wright, photographer, Sturt street, has just completed a very successful group of the members of the Western Fire Brigade. There are cartcs dc vkite, and a large series, similar to that of the Eastern Brigade, lately exhibited by Mr Roberts, the photo grapher. In Mr Wright's group, however, there are fifty-three figures, and each corner of the carta shows a photograph of an engine or apparatus carriage be longing to the brigade, taken in or near the engine house, and a view of the engine-house and tower ap pears at the bottom of the group. In the centre of the group Captain Glover's jolly phiz beams radi antly upon his thick pressing colleagues. Mr Rigbye reports that he visited the works of the Sunken Vessels Company, at Footscray, and found all the plant ready for shipping, and Mr Maquay prepared to start away on Tuesday night or Wednesday, and should the weather be at all favorable, it is expected that a week will be sufficient to make all the fasten ings. Mr Rigbye made all the necessary arrangements for taking visitors out to witness the experiment, and duo notice will be given of the day on which it will take place. The tickets will be ready for issue at the price of 10s Gd the return trip, and particulars aro to be seen in our advertising columns. Large numbers of visitors have been to the works, and the feeling that the company will succeed in its project has gained ground to such an extent that £29 per share has been freely offered by Melbourne men. In the window of Mr Willett, the photographer, in Sturt street, we notice an old acquaintance in the shape of an oil painting representing a view of Mel bourne from Emerald Hill, by Mr Burns. We have spoken of the work before, and may content ourselves now by saying that while it has many glaring defects as a work of art, it gives a fairly recognisable view of the city from the point of view taken. In the same window is a large pencil sketch of Lake Burrumbeet, by Mr W. Gates, a young self-taught artist in Ballarat. It is deficient in style and finish, but has the merit of accuracy in representing the contour of the lake and the land marks about the shores. As taken from nature, too, it of course has the recommendation of originality, and suggests the probability of the posses sion of talent in the artist that would repay careful culture. Mr Gates has been successful in copies from crayon studies in a great variety of subjects, the works having all been executed in intervals stolen from busi ness of anytliing but an artistic nature, and it is cer tainly gratifying to see a young man thus gracefully employing his leisure half-hours. We have received the fifth, sixth, and seventh cantos of an epic poem, entitled " Crinoliniad," written by Mr D. P. Carter, of New South Wales. Some long time ago we noticed the first part of this poem, and we then expressed an opinion that Mr Carter had made an unfortunate choice of subject. The con cluding portions of the poem seem to fully bear out what we said, for it seems to us that the author has wasted a great deal of learning and poetical power upon a subject which, if not repulsive, is at least un fitted for the serious treatment which he has given to it. That crinoline is in any way classical, or was, even in the wildest freak of humor, ever presented to feminine votaries by Venus, we must refuse to believe, though that Moloch may have had some share in the manufacture we need not doubt. The truth is, that Mr Carter, with an excellent object, an exposure of the evils of the crinoline rage, has made his design too large for his subject. He displays considerable power of versification, much classical knowledge, and lie sometimes rises to what may be fairly termed poetical power. Had he devoted as much care to some local or Australian subject he would have pro duced a poem which would have been remembered as a contribution to colonial literature; but, as it is, we are afraid that he will find that his labor has been ill bestowed. A meeting of the Ballarat Cricket Club was held on Monday evening, at the Buck's Head hotel, Mr E. J. Lewis in the chair. The auditors brought up their report, which was adopted. The notice of motion given by Mr H. Davies, as to the election of a second vice-president, resulted in the election of Mr E. J. Lewis. The notice of motion standing in the name of Mr Ainley was, in his absence, brought before the meeting by Mr O'Farrell, suggesting that four other members [should be added to the committee. After a keen contest it resulted in favor of Messrs J. Old ham, Gaggin, W. H. Figgis, and J. Campbell. Sir J. White, the treasurer to the Club, presented a large clock to be hung in front of the pavilion, for which a vote of thanks was duly recorded. The Warrnambool Advertiser states the following:— ""We are informed by a gentleman in "Warrnambool, who received the intelligence by private letter from England, that Captain Campbell, of the Galatea, is to be married to a very beautiful young lady—a Miss Archer, and that he is promoted to the command of the Queen's own yacht, and will consequently remain in England, instead of accompanying the Galatea in her cruise round the world. The Duke of Edinburgh is to be " best man," and the officer who received so many attentions at the hands of Mr MofFatt (whilst seriously ill at Chatsworth House) will take the com mand of the Galatea." It is more than probable that before returning to Melbourne the Governor may make a much longer tour than was at first contemplated. On Saturday he was at Belfast, from which town he would proceed, j by way of Portland and the Wannon, to Hamilton. He will then most likely return by way of Ballarat, and may possibly go across country through the rich agricultural districts of the county of Talbot to Cas tlemaine. The M. A. Mail understands that Mr J. Purvis is likely to contest the seat vacated by the Hon. S. H. Bindon, for the Castlemaine boroughs. A man named Turland, better known as Harry Baker, who was detected in the act of offering wild ducks for sale, has had to appear at the police-court in AVarrnambool to answer to the offence. Many per sons are unaware that it is illegal for even purchasers to lie in possession of native game during the " close season " which does not expire till 30th November. The entrance to the Gipps Land lakes is once more open for steamers. Robert J. Parker, of Lintons, aged seven years, was on Monday admitted to the district hospital, suffering from the effects of an injury accidentally sustained about three weeks since. It seems that he was en gaged with an elder brother in piling some timber when a heavy log fell and struck him above the abdo men. The affair was not regarded as serious at the time, but as he has since been complaining and evi dently getting worse, it was deemed advisable to re move him to the hospital. He is suffering, it seems, from some internal injuries. The police magistrate and Mr Budden, J.P., at tended at three o'clock on Monday, at the District Court for the purpose of revising the Electoral Itoll of Ballarat West. Mr F. Buhle, on behalf of the Loyal Liberal Association, was present with a view to object ing to several names which appeared on the list. Upon enquiry it was ascertained that the proper notice had not been served on the persons whose names were objected to, and the court accordingly adjourned for a week. A largely attended and influential meeting of the inhabitants of the rising township of Gordon and dis trict (writes a local correspondent) was held at the Oddfellows' Hall, Main street, on Saturday evening, for the purpose of devising measures for upholding the present reasonable coach fares charged by Ed wards, and preventing the monopoly by a wealthy company of the entire coaching traffic, and consequent return to former high rates. Mr Gray having been voted to the chair proceeded to say that it would be in the recollection of those present that some months back, in the depth of winter, and roads almost im passable, with one coach a day, and the fare 7s 6d, Mr Edwards, who had for many years run a coach be tween Ballarat and the Durham district with credit to himself and great satisfaction to passengers, started a coach between Gordon and Ballarat, not in opposition to the existing coach, but to meet the ur gent requirements of those desiring to visit Ballarat and return the same day. That Mr Edwards had fully met their requirements both as to cheapness, punctuality, civility, and general attention to his busi ness, was evident by the fact of so many being pre sent at that meeting, many of whom had come some miles on a dark night to give expression to the opinion that so long as Edwards continued to act as he had hitherto done, it was their intention to support him in every way in the just endeavor to support him self and family in an honest and industrious manner, and to treat with contempt the effort being made by a rich and powerful company to run him off the road, the result of which would be (if accom plished) a return to the high fares and insufficient ac commodation experienced previous to the advent of Edwards' coach. He (the chairman) considered it a great boon to the district to have a trustworthy per son to execute commissions or orders in Ballarat daily, as it was frequently of greater moment thau half-a dozen coach fares, and he had himself proved Mi Edwards to be most punctual and trustworthy. The chairman's remarks having been cordially endorsed by Messrs Dicker, Palamountin, Boiling, llobertson, and other gentlemen, the following resolutions were put anil carried unanimously —:t That in the opinion of this meeting, representing as it does the mining, com mercial, and agricultural interests of the town and district, Mr Edwards, coach proprietor, having started a coach between Gordon and Ballarat in the depth of mnter, at reasonable fares, has by his punctuality, civility, and attention to business, proved himself fully entitled to the warm support of the inhabit ants of this district." "That this meeting pledge themselves to support Mr Edwards at the present rate of fares, even should the opposition company reduce theirs still lower, and further to use their influence with others, both at Egerton and elsewhere, on his behalf." " That the secretary be requested to forward copies of these reso lutions to the editors of the daily Ballarat papers (both being largely circulated in the district), request ing their insertion." Mr Edwards stated he had pur chased a new coach, replete with comfort and conve nience, for the traffic, and the meeting's unanimous expression of support would be an incentive to still further efforts to give satisfaction to his patrons. The usual compliment to the chair and Air Fawl, the secre tary, closed the proceedings. We observe that the proprietors of the Anthropolo gical Museum intend to devote the entire proceeds of admission to-day to the benefit of the Ballarat District Hospital and the Ballarat Benevolent Asylum. We are requested to call attention to a meeting of the Amateur Opera Company, to be held in the Mining Boavd-room, Camp .Reserve, to-night. Ladies and gentlemen willing to join the proposed musical union for the practice of glees and part songs in con junction with operatic choruses, are also requested to attend. The Age states that from information received, the Customs officers, accompanied by Detective Main waring, proceeded, on Saturday morning, to one of the establishments of Mr Davies, photographer, of this city, and made a seizure of a quantity of photo graph negatives and prints of an obscene nature. The act empowers the Customs authorities to make a seizure of these goods, whether they be imported or prepared in the colony, and a fine of £100 can be in flicted on the holder of them. Monday's Gcclong Advertiser says:—"With regard to the Hon. J. M. Grant's now celebrated letter of recommendation in the West Geelong election, it ap pears that Mr Grant only returned to Melbourne on the very day that the letter was written, and there fore could not possibly have been posted up as to what were the views of Mr Johnstone. We have also heard, upon being informed of Mr Johnstone's character and views, he expressed his regret at ever having written the letter, and we may safely venture to predict that he committed in haste an act he will have to repent at leisure. Mr Cunningham certainly gave a different description of Mr Berry to Mr Grant than he did to several electors, whom he candidly informed he did not believe in that candidate, and if another liberal came forward he would support him. Mr Grant ought really to be grateful to the representative of South Grant." We (Argus) have learned that the bust of G. V. Brooke, designed as the " Press Memorial" to the memory of that much-lamented actor, to be erected in the Public Library, is 011 its way to this colony per ship Dover Castle. It is accompanied by the bust of Sir Charles Darling, which was also ordered from the sculptor of both, Mr C. Summers, late of Melbourne. Mr Summers is now in Home, but these busts were executed in London, and in a part of the atelier of Sir H. Weekes, R.A. An old South Australian colonist, who for many years has been one of its public men, assures us (Argus), with respect to the political agitation that is now going on in South Australia with reference to the land question, that Mr Ayers' proposal of a twelve month to cultivate and fence in a fourth part of a holding is too short, and that having at the end of that time to pay for the whole freehold is nothing more nor les3 than a prohibition upon the poor but industrious farmer who is struggling to obtain that land as an independence for himself and family. He is of opinion, that, the lands being the public estate and security for its indebtedness, a Government se curing payment of an interest equal to that paid upon its national debt, over a term of years, after having secured a moderate amount by way of deposit upon selection, would best consult the "interests of the present and future generations; and that a system of deferred payments would be best suited to the farming population of that colony. Having effected an entrance into the haven of his ambition (remarks Monday's Argus) the humble Jones is not, it appears, content to serve even there. For some time past there have been rumors of dire commotions amongst the members of the Cabinet; and the hon. the Commissioner of Railways is, it is said, the author of the troubles. He has on more than one occasion dared to snub his protege the Attorney General, and Mr G. P. Smith has not taken the reproof in good _ part. Indeed, it is asserted that he has entered into a cabal against the friend who first pitched him into Parliament, as the representative of South Bourke. This is one cause of the convulsions which are understood to have taken place. Another is, that the Cabinet, as a whole, are not sufficiently respectful to Mr Jones. Mr Jones wished to go in state to the "Western District. He asked for H.M.C.S.S. Victoria. It was refused. He then said he would be content with tho Pharos, which was refused also. This was too much even for the philo sophical spirit of the head of the Railway antl ever so many other departments; and it is said that when he paid his fare by the Western he entered into a solemn compact with himself to be speedily revenged upon those who had so injured his dignity, and who had obliged him to put up with such a plebeian mode of conveyance. Under these circumstances, it may easily be imagined that the Ministry at the present time is not a particularly happy family. A court for the revision of the general electoral list was held on Monday, at the Eastern Police-court, before the police magistrate and Mr Dyte, J.P. No objection was raised, and the list was accordingly confirmed. The following is the letter in which Professor Badham, of the Sydney University, proposes to in struct gratuitously in French and Latin persons who by distance from town, for want of leisure at suitable times, or from poverty, are unable to attend schools or colleges. The letter is addressed to the editors of pro vincial papers throughout New South Wales:—"Sir,— I believe there are many persons in the colony who, while they work hard for their bread, desire to bestow their scanty leisure upon the acquisition of knowledge. Not a few of these would gladly master the French or the Latin language if they had any one to guide them and help them over their difficulties, but even the want of means or the remoteness of their dwell ings deprive them of any such assistance, and so para lyses their efforts. To all such I desire to offer myself as a private tutor, and this is the scheme by which I hope to render myself useful to them. Let us agree upon two exorcise books, one for French, and the other for Latin. Let each student translate as much as he can, and at the end of each quarter let him send in his work by post, appending to it any question which may have perplexed him. I will then look it over and return it to him with cor rections and observations. The dates at which I shall be at leisure to look over these exer cises will be as follows:—10th February, 10th May, 10th August, 10th November. No previous applica tion will be necessary before sending in their work. 1 shall, of course, expect the letters to be sufficiently stamped. My offer is to men, not to hoys, and I trust that parents will be considerate enough to save me from a labor which I do not intend to undertake. If the teachers in schools, clerks, mechanics, and others avail themselves as much as I hope they will of this opportunity, I shall have enough to do, and may, per haps, be forced to farm out some portion of the quar terly supplies among my friends. Until I can ascer tain the probable number of my literary correspond ents, it will be impossible to secure a sufficient supply of the exercise books which they will require. For the present, therefore, and until further notice, let each send me by the end of next month whatever specimens he can manage to get out of any exercise book within his reach. In furtherance of my plan, I hope about twice or thrice in the year to hold a land of gramma tical assize in one or other of the provincial centres. My friend and colleague, Professor Pell, is always open to mathematical and arithmetical enquiries; so is Professor Smith to the votaries of physical science. I hope that by this now suggestion the cycle will bo tolerably complete for working purposes. I am, &c.;, Charles Badiiaii. University of Sydney." Miss Cleveland, on Monday evening, appeared at the Theatre Hoyal iu the character of Lady Isabel Vane and its duplication, both being the exigencies of the drama "East Lynne, or the Elopement." The impersonation is by no means unknown to or unappre ciated by Ballarat audiences, and yet the dress circle was absolutely empty. The rest of the house was full. This evening the same piece will be repeated. 