TOWN HALL riflSATRH Hard times, hot weather, and bad acoustics, are au^ady , beginning to tell os Mr. Coppin's theatrical season. The house last night presented a discouraging appearance, not only to the im pressano nimseii, out to tne actors and the audience. In the dress circle empty chain pre dominated, and the other parts of the house were at best only half and half. It was none the more gratifying for Mr. Coppin to observe that the uncomfortable experience of Monday night which had produced this change had been to a great extent remedied. The roofing in of the stage had : greatly improved the acoustic qualities of the Hall, though they were still far from faultless. Everything was hi ship shape order, and the acton had got accustomed to their surroundings; but as a counterpoise, they had a more stolid audience to deal with than en the previous night. First, as to Mr. Anderson's Othello, it is vastly superior to his Hamlet, unless in the single point of monotony. It is no more a developed character than Hamlet was, but its fundamental idea does not strike a reader of Shakespeare as erroneous. The tragedian is evidently aware of the ad vantage his fine presence gives him, for it was turned to the highest account. The make up was very impressive; every stride spoke volumes, and every look— there is little variety in that quarter, by the way-was expected to over-awe both fellow-actors and audience. It is questionable if the statuesque idea was not carried too far for dramatic effect A saffron-coloured Moor, lookinir as if he had stepped down from a Carthaginian sculpture, may be a noble object to gaze on, but we look to Othello for more than mere dignity of carriage. The stereotyped repre sentation of Mr. Anderson was appropriate and forcible in some scenes, but certainly not in alL In his appearance before the Council there was a little too much of the Fasca de Uama style of defiance. Othello was not a prisoner under accusation like Vasca, but a popular general whom the Council were rather partial to than otherwise In the justification of his marriage with Desde mona, and especially in the description of his court ship. Mr. Anderson exhibited genuine pathos. His stilted declamation was more effectually abandoned than in any other scene, and the natural voice was allowed to use its own accents of pathos. The interviews with Jtago, whereat the 'honest Ancjeufinfuseshispoison into the jealous Wood of the Moor, begatoccasional flashesof passion, but the rest was either over-strained or unnaturally repressed. The smothering and dagger business in the filth act were worthy of the Macready school, and the final fall re-echoed from the gallery in thunders of applause, which changed into shouts of 'Anderson' when the certain feU. The tragedian simply bowed his acknowledgments - but in alludingjto this stock incident of 'starring,'' we should supply an omission in our notice of the opening performance. It, too, closed with a call before the curtain, when Mr. Anderson improved the occasion by a short speech in laudation of his frie d, Mr. Coppin. The Desdemona of Mdlle. St. Deuis is one of the finest characters she has yet assumed. There was scope in it for the spasmodic vivacity which has alwajB been her greatest weakness. The romantic devotion of the Venetian beaut}' to her Moorish hero, and the innocence which prevented her understanding the full force of the accusations hurled against her, were both leelinus which Miss St. Denis well knows how to handle. They almost entirely overshadowed the characteristic blemishes of her style, and rendered her Desde mona, if not a queen of tragedy, at least a very interesting and emotional young lady. Amid much which was truly tragic there was a good deal of dross that deteriorated the pure gold. It rather surprised us-and not agreeably, we must admit— to find Iaeo in the hands of our old friend the Ghost (Mr. Holloway). Much as we ad mire the stage management generally, we cannot help suspecting that there was a practical joke in tended in this part of the cast. Iago is acknow ledged to be one of the most abstruse and subtle of Shakspeare s creations. He was a man mad with villany, as Hamlet was with a sense of foul wrong. He has the passion of a Borgia with the cynical duplicity of a Macchiavel. Now, let any man look in our good friend Houoway's face, and say what power of expressing passion or deceit resides there It is one of the roundest, best-natured, most inoffensive physiojmemies to be found in the most primitive corner of the world. It could no more screw itself into the semblance of villany than Sancho Panza's could have done. And iu friend Holloway's hollow mouthing voice, what power of passion or deceit may there be? Nota vestige. .Nevertheless, Mr. Holloway prattled through the part of Iago very much to his own satis faction. When the subtle devilry passed beyond his comprehension, he bellowed it out to the gods, who occasionally rewarded him with a cheer, as much as to say. ' Well done, thou re-embodied ghost. ' In all future Shaksperian revivals, save 11s from such lagos as Mr. Holloway! This point secured, we might not strong'y object to Mr. Lawrence's Cassio, nor even to Mr. Welsh's Brabantio, though both were very water-colour characters. In the vestibule of the dramatic temple Mr. Aldridge, with his attendant nymphs, was busy as evtr cooling doan the feelings of the audience between the acts. This department of the new l'heatre is beyond comparison with all predeces sors as regards comfort and respectability. The Drchestra, under Mr. Schrader, beguiled the short intervals with promiscuous music, not always in unison with the harassed feelings of 'Othello,' but ever good of its kind. To- night Mr. Anderson proposes once more to face the ordeal of ' Hamlet.' Messrs. J. Dunn & Co.'s Port Adelaide Mill.— On the occasion of the reopening of their Port Adelaide Mill, which a few months ago was destroyed by fire, Messrs. Dunn & Co. entertained their employes along with the contractors and trorkmen. A first-rate dinner was provided at the Port Hotel on Monday evening, March 2, in Mr. Ford's well-known style, and between 40 and 50 persons sat down. Mr. J. Dunn, jun., occupied the chair, with Messrs. Shorney and Wm. Dunn as Vice- Chairmen. Full justice was done to the various dishes which were placed before the com pany, and these being removed Mr. J. Dunn, 1LP. irave the usual loyal toasts, after which he stated that the object of the entertainment was an acknowledgment of the services of those who had assisted in getting the mill again to work. He considered great credit due to Mr. Reynolds the builder, to Mr. Tomsett his foreman, and the workmen employed by him, and he would there fore propose 'The Health of the Builder.' The toast was received with much enthusiasm; and Mr. F. Reynolds responded, remarking that the credit accorded to him was chiefly due to the fact of his having good workmen. He also stated that he had never known a better employer than Mr. Dunn, and he wished him a speedy return, with renewed health. Mr. Tomsett also acknowledged the toast. He said that Mr. Dunn thoroughly understood what he wanted; consequently there was not bo much difficulty in pleasing him. fle felt proud to merit the praise of Mr. Dunu, and joined Mr. Reynolds in his wish for his speedy return. The Chairman said in proposing the toast he had omitted to mention the name of Mr. Godden— Mr. Reynolds's managing clerk. Mr. Godden re turned thanks. Mr. w. Hill then proposed ' The Health of the Engineers, Messrs. A. Jones ana Lindsay,' speaking in eulogistic terms of their abilities as engineers and millwrights. The engine and boilers supplied to the mill reflected credit upon the makers and upon the colony generally. He did not profess to be a Protectionist, but they had done a little to encourage colonial manufactures, and so long as they could get served as they hau been they were not likely to send to England. Three-fourths of the cost of their machinery had been expended in the colony, and he believed nothing could surpass it in point of quality and cheapness. Drunk with applause. Mr. A. Jones responded. He remarked that protection was uniieeded; all they wanted were a tew more firms like Messrs. J. Dunn & Co. to give them en couragement. Mr. Lindsay also returned thanks. There were plenty of good mechanics in the colony, and all that was required were the orders, and they could turn out as good work as any part of the world without the aid of protection. (Applause.) Mr. U. Shorney proposed 'The Foreman, Engineer, Millwright?, and others employed in refitting the mill' remarking that it had afforded him much pleasure to witness the manner in which they had all worked to get the mill again in operation. Drunk with applause. Mr. Manson, foreman, in responding, said he was gratified to know that his endeavours had given satisfaction. He believed all had tried to do their best, and now that the mill was again at work he hoped it would turn out flour second to none in the colony. Mr. Gill arid Mr. Duncan also responded. Mr. F. Reynolds expressed his opinion that sooner or later it would he seen that Port Adelaide was the best position for mills and manufactories, but it appeared as though every body was se$ against it ; even the Central Road Board placed tolls on the Port-road, and allowed the Peninsula-road to become almost impassable. He should be glad to see a few more such firms as Messrs. Dunn & Co. settle themselves at the Port, (Hear, hear.) Mr. Manson proposed 'The Health of Messrs. J. Dunn & Co ,' which was drunk with tbrae times three, and ' He's a jolly good fellow.' Mr. W. Dunn, the junior member, returned thanks. Mr. Codden gave 'The Health of Mr. J. Dunn, jun.' They only wanted a few more such men to make Port Adelaide go ahead. He wished him a safe and pleasant voyage to and from England, and hoped they might meet on some future occasion in a similar manner. Mr. J. Dunn, in responding, said he knew the people of the Port would like him better when they Knew him longer. It was his intention to return with all possible speed, for nothing would induce him to settle in any other part of the world. He had years ago considered Port Adelaide' was the plape for a mill, and he had never regretted what he had done there. Although the colony would probably have a hard time during the year, he had every faith in it. He then proposed 'The Health of Messrs. Shorney & Hilt' who had con sented to act for him in the business during his absence. (Cheers.) Mr. Shoraey returned thanks. The health of Mrs. J. Dunn, who accompanies her husband to England, and of Mr. J. Dunn, sen., was also drunk, and responded to by Mr. Dunn. A few other toasts, including the Press, and the Host and Hostess, followed, and brought the proceedings to' a close. We should not pmif to mention that a number of good son;s and recitations enlivened the entertainment, which from first to last was rendered a most pleasant one by the good feeling existing amongst all present. Public Tenders.— The following tenders haye ]aeen received at the Government Architect's price;— For gasfittings and laying on water at the new Government Printing Office— H. L. Vosz, £67 (accepted)'; R. Dodgson, '£Sp 5s. ; E. Brooks, £}08; W. C, Kujk, £110, For fencing Police paddock, Wellington-W. Lyon, £348 Us. 9d. (accepted); H. Gardner, Jan., £363 9s. 6d. For fencing at Rivertoq Court-House— W. Nicholson, £82 (accepted); J. Ccbb, £ 107 10s.. For erecting an engine-house at the new Government Printing Office— Crocker and Lawson, £220 (accepted) : Moses Frith, £233 ; Worm- leighton & Ross, £234; Wells & Dickin, £239 17s.; Nimmo & Stevens, £241 12*.; C. J. Farrow, £260; C. Sanders, £302. For fencing. &c;, at the Port 'Adelaide Telegraph Station— D. Young, £82 15s. 4-1. {.accepted) ; ?. H. Biddie, £89 9s. 9d. ; F. Reynolds ^Ifls. ; J. Jelly. £98 13a. rJ. GowlinR £111 ; C. L. Luehrs, £165118, ' * -4 ? ! - : r 