OWANYILLA. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] For some reason or other your correspondents on the Mary seem rather remiss in furnishing you with agricultural news, and just now there seems to be a general change for the better in the prospects of the farmers, which is worth recording. The great number of horses em- ployed in the traffic between Maryborough and the diggings, has been the occasion of a most salutary rise in the price of that commodity which two months or so ago was looked upon as a drug in the market. It needs no ghost to come from the grave to tell you I allude to the maize crop. Many farmers, too poor to embark in the cultivation of sugar or cotton, who had nothing but a gradual decay to look forward to, are now reasonably buoyed up with hope, and unhesitatingly plant all their acres with corn, while those whose faith in sugar or cotton, and small capital, allowed them to indulge in the' luxury of a cotton and cane crop, almost regret the land, time, and money they have thrown away. Capitalists have waited so long for what they conceived to be a likely chance, that the time has well nigh gone by for the erection of a mill, and farmers by dozens, whose names I could mention, are eradicating the cane from their ground. In two or three years time, Mr. Jamieson, Mr. Meiklejohn, and Mr. Eaton will demonstrate the folly of hesitating when so much might have been made by the judicious investment of money by capitalists, whose chance is nearly over now. Mr. Nichols has opened a public-house— the first-erected in the town of Owanyilla; and it is to be hoped that the frequency of licensed houses on the road to Gympie will do away with the shadow of an excuse for the grog shanties scattered here and there along the road. The motto "Live and let live" is all very well ; but why should A. be obliged to pay £30 a year for doing what B. can do for nothing. Justice is justice. The rain we so naturally look forward to at this time of year still holds off, and men, horses, and cattle are the sufferers — particularly the two latter, when certain parties wilfully set fire to the grass to keep the bullock teams off the road. The rainy season, however, must soon come on, and then for the bullocks' revenge. The establishment of a mail service to and from the diggings should be supplemented by a post office in this town and at Tiaro — the two centres, as it were, of a large farming district. The steamer has, to all intents and purposes, ceased running, and though we farmers should have preferred having our letters brought to our own door by the ' Woongool,' we must do the best we can without her, and be content with the overland mail service. Mr. Nichols no doubt would, for a considera- tion, undertake the duties of postmaster at Owanyilla ; all he would have to do in that office would be the reception of the mail and its delivery to the various applicants for letters. Since I began this letter, the rain has been falling for nearly three days; no, heavy showers, but a gentle genial fall that gradually soaks into the earth, gladdening the heart of the grazier and farmer. All round the town- ship whence I write, the grass has been burnt, and now no one who does not see it, will believe that a few days can have made such a change in face of the ground, from a rusty brown or black to the most vivid of emerald green. There is a providence that shapes our ends rough, hew them as we will ; and it is curious to note the fluctuations in enthusiasm for different crops; sugar was, some two or three months ago, the only possible salvation for the farmers ; but the force of circumstances fortunately stayed the rapid substitution of sugar for maize, and the result is becoming patent just now. Owanyilla, January 21st, 1868. 