P&m;&IA.ME; ^ T: LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. , . WEDNESDAY, SKET. 9. The 'SPEAKER took the chair at half-post 'four o clock. ' " THE DOMINICK DILLON CASE Mr. ASPINALL brought up tho report of the select committee on the case of Dominick Dillon, which was as follows : " The select committee appointed by your honourable i House to consider and report upon the application for a mining lease with wnich Dominick Dillon and others were con- nected^ have tho honour to report, that .lavingftaken evidence,'a copy ot which is» hereto oppended, they are of opinion that no improper influence was brought to bear upon tho Mining department for the purpose of procuring, the lease referred to, either by ' members of this House or by any other pür son."'j J.' J- J ' « ' ' '? The j report, together« with ;tko evidence which accompanied it, was ordered to, lie on the table, and tO|be printed. t ','ft ¡EHE Ii G^SUTTVE ( COUNCIL. , , il( Mr. EVERAjtb asked the piiief Secretary in what why the special appropriation of £5,000 to tho Legislative Council iß ex-' ponded ;l 'if the President and Chairman of Committees are not paid out of i that appro- priation, and has any correapondcucejit any timo taken place in connexion therewith ; if itisafa'ctj'as'-reportcd, that the President is allowed to employ one of the messengers of the Legislativo Council at his own private re- sidence ?oJ He asked tho questions because he considered the £5,0QQ was .-fully sufficient for the Legislative Council.,, As to the third ques- tion, he1 might say that it was a matter of notoriety'thata messenger of the House was" employed by the President of the other Chamber at his own private residence, MriiM'CTJLiLOCH said that the expendi- ture for theLegislativoCouncil had amounted, inl8C0, to £3.958, andiulS07 to £4,018. ,Tho Test of the sum of £5,000 lapsed, and went into the generalTovdnue.' With regard to thb second question, the President'and Chairman of Committees had beon paid by the voto of this House annually. Some correspondence on the subject did take place in 1860 and 1861 between Mr.JRusdcn and the Government, which the bon. member could seo if ho de- sired it. AS to the last question, ho was not awaro that permission had been given to Sir James Pahanor t« employ a messenger at his own house. "He (Mr. M'Culloch), however, believed that one messenger was so employed, but it was stated that hcAvas compensated for his services. «ni i - PETITIONS. I Mr. LONGMORE presented a petition from inhabitants of Camperdown, Mortlake, Hamil- ton, &a;, in-favour of a Une of raúway to the Western district. Mr. BUTTERS presented a petition from merchants and others in Melbourne in favour of the line of railway proposed by the Go- vernment, i The petitions were read, and ordered to lie on the table.. . NOTICES OP MOTION AND QUESTIONS. Mr. E. COPE, gavoi notice that he should move, next day, ior, a return of all appoint- ments made at the Yarra Bend Lunatic Asylum since the' 1st of June, 18G8, and the authority by which such appointments had been made, together with a return of all re- movals during the" same period, and the rea- sons for them. \ Mr. M'KEAN gavo notice that ho should move, next day, for a return showing the number .of allotments, or portions thereof, selected ,undcr the 42nd clause of tho Land Act, transferred to Mr. .Grant, of tho Clunes Station, or any of tho owners of the station, giving the names of the assignors, the reasons ossigned for the transfer, and the, area transferred. Mr. DUFFY gaye notice that, next day, be would call'the attention of the President of tho Boaid of, Land and Works to tho caso of Coleman Garvoc, whose land had beon for- feited, and ask if an inquiiy into the facts would be granted. Mr. T. COPE gave notice that, next day, he would ask the Commissioner of Crown Lands whether those porsons who wero mark- ing outiland with tho view of having priority when the new rules and regulations of the 42nd clauso'came intoopeiation, would be allowed to have such priority.1 Mr. M'KEAN gave notice that, next day, he would ask the Tieasurer when there would be sufficient funds in the treasury to pay a judgment for £37 12s,, lodged at the Treasury on tho 18th July last, and still unpaid ; and, also, if it was within his power to compel Dr. Poley to reply to the letter of the Treasurer, dated-29th 'August last, in reference to the said judgment. ' Mr. McCOMBIE gave notice that, next day, he would ask the Chief Secretary if the atten- tion of the Government! had been called to the dangerous and demoralising effects of the abuse of opium and tho practice of gambling amongst,, the jChineso^n the midst of our people,' and if any remedial measures were in contemplation to check these evil practices, Mr. MACGREGOR gavo notice that, next day, ho would ask the Commissioner of Rail- ways if it was the intention of the Govern- ment to provide any accommodation for pas- senger and goods at the Runnymede and Rochestor railway stations. Mr. BURROWES gave notice that, noxt day, ho would ask tbo Commissioner of Rail- ways if it was true that a leduction had been made in ,the fieight of drapery goods from Melbourao'to Ballarat, and if so, if it was his intention to make a similar reduction to Sandhurst and other towns along the lines of railway. , , HALLEGED FALSE DECLARATION. Mr, LONGMORE, without notice, asked the President of tho Board of Lands and Survey, whether the^ovornmeut intendod to prosecute Alexander M'Donald, of Mortlake, tor making a false declaration as'to settle- ment under the Land Act ? Mr. ASPINALL objected to this question being put without notice. Mr. GRANT said ho had seen ttio papers connected with the matter some time bofore the hon/ member had brought it under his notice. He was not in a position now to stato what steps the Government might bo advised by their legal advise« to take. ' SCAB r-ENALTIES. , , Mr. BUTTERS asked the Attornoy-Genoial if it rçastrue that tho fine inflicted om Mr. Cameron, under the Scab Act, was commuted to £5, while that inflicted on Mr. Lewis, hold- ing tho adjoining ruu, was, after repeated ap- peals to tho Chief Secretary, fully enforced? Mr. G.iP. SMITH said ho should be ahlo to show tho hou. member, fiom the information the Govonnricnt possessed,.that thero was a distinction between the two cases. Cameron was fined £30, which was reduced to £5 on his o-ft.ii appeal, and Lewis was also fined £30. The report of the chief scab inspector (Mr. Carr) on Cameron's . coso was, that ( Cameron had suffered some hardship am the mattor, although it was clear that a breach of the Scab Act had been committed. (With regard to the other case; tliei scab inspector reported that the goneinl impression was that the sheep foi which Mi. Cameron wai fined, had beon for a length of time amongst the Hocks of Mr. Lewis,:aud badi there become diseased, as all his sheep up to that time were perfectly clean Mr. Le«is'slas't licence expired in December, 1SGG, but according to the. inspector's state- ment, he had- hi Id more licences than any other settler in the Portland district. At different tipies he had drivon diseased sheep through the idistrict, and had spread the -disease. Ile {Mr. Smith) thought thora was, therefoic, a material distinction between the two coses. ."! ,'. 1 ' " i ' r o 11AIIAVA1 SIDING FOB HID CATTLE MAHKET. Mr. BUTTERS'asked whether it was the intention, of,the Govenimpnt, in dealing with the Essendon' Railway, to make provision for a sidingjo, the cattle market. . , Mr. JONES,replied that it was tho inten- tion ofitho Government to cause such a siding to be made., 0 u. i GENBBAD CAKEY'S SALARY.' ' Mr. MACMAHON asked the Chief Secre- tary if,'any,/communication had been re- ceived 'frorp Geueral Corey on thq subject of tho'.ïcfuna of á portion of the salary, re- ceived i ^y'juim, when administering tho governnienfiof this colony? ' Mr. MCCULLOCH behoved that thero had been correspondence between the Governor, and General Carey on the subject, but no communication had been received from General Carey since ho left here. A despatch, however, had been received from the Colonial office on tho subject. in ,,, , ¡\, . ,,,, Mr. MACMAHON moved that an address be presented to His Excellency the Governor, asking him. to lay this despatch on the table of the House, i ; ' i , i Mr. LANGTON seconded the motion» which was agreed to.! ' ' " ' < t < jíEiajon'njJE AIOJ^ESBEîrrWN'BJULTVAÏ ,V£Sn{ía¡ BILL. ,. i j Mr. CASEY, in moving thq second reading' of this me&snr;^u explained; that a contract was entered into between the Government .?and the Essendon ;Railway-Company,? on"!I August 26,, 1867,..by!which it ¡wasjagreed, that tho property'belonging to the company,' free from aU'encumbrances!, was'to bo handed1 over J to ¡ther Government for ¡£22,500.' The ? bill providedithat the money was torb&ipaid; appropriate the money the property could be handed back to the company, who would then tove no claim upon the Government, i Tho object of the bill was to vest tho property in the Board of ,Land( and Works,, which could bo done as soon as the' money was paid t to the chairman of the company. The bill' liad tan agTeed to by both contracting^ t-partios; and he,, hoped, jthereforo, that hon. meriibers would allow it to pass through its various stages. He moved the second reading of the bill. , , Air, JONES seconded the motion. Mr. ASPINALLhad not the slightest ,idea of offering any opposition to the Government pioposition, but he liad no ver heard any pas-1 siöiiato desire on tho T>art of tho people of the country for this investment. He never sawi himself a human being who wanted to go to Essendon. ' Ho did not knovy whether .¿his was a part of the great Government rail \vày scheme, and whether it would go on to ¡Carpontaria;' but with every desire ,to,assist the | Government legislation, be, must ask, wlierewas the demand for this Essendon line ? Thoie were a number of respectable carmen who would take people to Essendon for sbc p«nce. Nobody lived at Essendon, and he believed they would have to hire peoplo to travel by this line. Even if they endeavoured to draw population to that place by giving anybody a large mansion and a free pas3 he did not believe that anybody would go. 'Mr. KING said tho hon. member had been exceedingly facetious as log.u-ded Essendon, ,bnt ho (Mr-. King) had seen him there, par- taking of the hospitality of one of his col- leagues. Perhaps, if .Mr. Hugh Glass invited the (hon. member to take a glass1 he would look upon the Essendon. line ' with more favdur. He must remind the hon. gentleman i .than the House had agreed to puichase the line, and that tho object of this hill was merely to give effect to that resolution, Mr. KERFERD called the attention of the law officers Of the Crown to the fact that, under the act now existing, which incorpo- rât eil the proprietors of jthe Essendon line, they had no wer to make bye-laws. ,Hc did not ,observe that it was proposed to repeal that act, and he understood that tho object of vesting this'line in tho Board of Land and Works was to bring the lme under thoir con- trol (with regal d to the passing of bye laws and ¡regulating the traffic. If that were so, , there would be two powers with authority to njalto byé-laws. , Mr. BYRNE thought that the Government should consider the propriety of purchasing the Suburban line, which was not now ma- naged in a satisfactory manner. Tho fiçst-t class carriages would not be tolerated in Eng- land, and on. many paits of the line the oscil- lation was so great as to make one think that the carriages would jump off the line. < - Mr. G. P. SMITH, imreply to the remarks of the bon. memborfor the Ovens (Mr. Ker- ferd) said that the company might j go on making bye-laws to fhe end of time, but that theyi v,ould have no railway to enforce thom upon."' ' Mf. 'M'KBAN suggested that the considera- tion ¡of tins bill should be postponed until the Houso had decided whether or not tho Beech- worth Une should bo earned out. f Mr. ¡RIDDELL said that .this railway had nothing to do with the Beechworth line. It had been taken possession of by the Govern- ment, and large suras of money had been ex- pended upon it ; and unless the Houso meant to hand it back to the company a very much improved property, they must vest it in the Board of Land and Woiks. , Mr. JONES believed that the House would never reverse any former decision when such a proceeding would involve a breach of faith and a loss to parties who had relied upon the promiso of the House, On the 2ud of August, 18671 the House, in committee, carno to the following resolution :-" That in the opinion of the committee the Essendon lino should be purchased by the Government and le opened for traffic; that the Government bo in- structed to take tho necessary, steps lior carrying out the foregoing resolution, pro- vided the pui chase can be made for a sum not exceeding £22,000." The GoVernmonfc had taken possession of the line, and sponfc money upon it, but whetherit had done so or not the faith of the House was rjledged to the purchase of the line. > i Tho motion for the second reading was then agreed to, and the bill was committed. > On clause 1, which vests the railway in the Boaid of Xiand and Works, ' ' ' " Mr. MACMAHON said, that though the Government weie takihg power to purchase he was not aware that tho Essendon Company had power to sell. If that weie so, there might he some difficulty, in case theie tvero any hen over the line. Mr. CASEY said he Vas informed that all the shareholders and creditors of the com- pany had signed the document which trans- ferred the line to the Government. No doubt the company was a corporation, and could only exercise its power in the manner pro- vided in tho act, out he apprehended that the bill, when passed, would override all former acts of Parliament. ' Mr. KERFERD observed that the pror prietors of the Essendon lino might hold the land'on which tho lino ian, with á restricted title ; and if so, they would not have tho power to sell the land, and could not outer into the contract set forth in this bill. They would bo ah initio incompetent to enter into the contract, and ho therefore suggested that it might be wise to give thom in this billa' power to sell. ' ' ' ' Mr. G, P. SMITH admitted that tho mat- ter wjas one deserving of inquiry, and pro- mised to consider it before the bill left com- mittee, , Captain MACMAHON said when tho bill wenti liomo it would probably,bc. subjected to. the criticism of legal gentlemen who advised the Crow« in such matters ; and if it was found that no power was provided on the part of the company to Sell,' a'difiiculty would arise. I He would suggest that a clause bo inserted empovv ering the company to sell.' ' i Mr. M'KEAN remarked that the Crown law officers must have boon very lax if full inquiry was not made before the anange ment was concluded. It could easily havo been ascertained whether the trasteos had the fee-simtilo of the land, and the tiustees could hand over the land to the Board of Land and Works after the passing o£ this bill. He thought the chuso suggested by tho hon. | member for West Melbourne would meet tho difficulty, and provision might,he irrada that the Boaid would not be Hablo to the holders of any scrip. , , Mr. CASEY said that before' this bill left the House due caie would bo taken to próvido for tile suggestions thrown out. The bill was then passed thiough committee, and reported to the House. I i APPROPRIATION DILL. ThO order of tho'day for tho second reading of, the Appiopriation BhU having bOou post- poned,' , i Mr.'LANGTON asked when,the Govern- ment! intended to put au end to the existing deadlock. > It was currently reported t that salaries for July and August had not been paid, ¡and ho wished to know if the Govern- ment intended to continuoJhia practico of everwnow and then stopping payment? i, i Mrl M'CULLOCH replied that tho Appro priation Bill was always tho last acttof the ses-< sion ;l and that if hon. members desired to see it passed, tho best thing they could'do was to assisi the Government to dispose of the busi- ness. I '.* -<-»'- ..- ?" Mr! WHITEMAN suggested /that, if xthe Government did not iuteaiL.to pass tho Ap- propriation Bill, they should ask for a Supply Bill to pay, the civil servants. ;, j HAILWAYS LOAN BELL.- RESUMPTION- OF DEBATS» ' The debate on the second reading of tho Railways Loan Bill was resumed by "' ' ' ? MrJ JONES¿ who stud,-It ist'(necessarily,a someivhat invidious task for the Government to select one line from among the several competing lines whichJwn. »iem_ers.çf this Housfj and the country generally are anxious * to'see carried out, and^ say .tb_,t\ line, shall; have such preference as the Government of the dpy can give it. But I think, in arriving at the conclusion that the Ovens and Murray line should have the préférence, the Govern- ment1 havo had good, data to go upon, and that I shall be able to satisfy this'House and ithe country that the line we have selected'as ¡the first, is the one best calculated to' serve the, interests, of the country, generala f .know, that if money .wore plentiful, and the.' interest on the public loan were not in itself a matter of considerable importance, it would bo very satisfactory' to' every section of, the community to have all-the lines begun at once. It would be a great-satisfaction to, the'hon.' member for Polwarth and Grenville to have tho first Sod turned on the Geelong and Colac railway ; it would ho gratifying, to ^the peoplo of Portland to'find ?aline com-, rnenccd joining that district with Hamilton, tanti it Would be a gieat advantage to the latter place to be in communication with the, "seaboard. I am further certain that it would be à most gratifying thing to the lion, mem berl for Maryborough to be ' able to tell his ) constituency- that he had succeeded in per- suading the House to construct the littlo line he takes so much interest in connecting that ' district with Ballarat and Castlemaine. But, this House has to consider the schemo of rail- way extension from an economical point of view. Í It is essential ,that the works should be Ipushed on, so as to get the benefit' of ¡our present rates of labour. If we were to open three or four lines to- gether, we should at once increase the cost of all of them by increasing the price of j labour, and although in. one aspect of i the matter it would bo a very gratifying thing to find workmen enabled to obtain a third more or twice us rauch" pay as 'they receive at present for a day's work, I think the country generally would suffor very considerably from that partial benefit. The increase in the cost of construction of the three lines, if all were begun at once, would be £285,000, or an in- crease on the necessary outlay of ahou(;,15 percent! It has been ascertained that" even if dil the J lines were begun at once, the amount of labour and contractors' plant obtainable in the colony , would not allow of the works being pushed on with 'very muck greater rapidity than if tho Government proceeded with one line at'a time, and chose that which seemed most likely to give a fair and îeasonable return.' It is estimated that tho loss by interest to be paid on a larger amount of unproductive capital during the four and a half ox five years it will take to complete the works, would entail upon tho community a sacrifice of £312,000, which, added, to fifteen per cent on tho eost,of labour, would miiko a loss of £397,000. In' faco of these facts the Government determined to begin one line ¡first,» and push it on with all the vigour possible, in order that the capital employed might pease to be improductive to the state at the earliest possible period. In selecting 'the best line we have accepted population as the basis' of our calculations, and we'luve taken the population within a certain radius of the Ovens and Murray line. We have adopted the same plan with reference to the, pioposed lines from Geelong to Colac, Mel ' bdurno to Sale, anti Portlarid to Hamilton, as well as from Hamilton to Ballarat, and conse- quently it does not much matter what may , be the distance along the line chosen, as exactly the same method has been adopted in each ettie. (Mr. MACPHERSON.-When did you do that?) The1 statistics' were'obtained through the assistance of 'the registrar geneial sc\ oral dajs ago, The population of the Upper Murray district is about 55,000. I find fin tber, that there isa population avail- able for tho railway hi the Upper Murray dis- trict, on the New South Wales side 'of the river, 'of about 50,000. I have heard this population variously estimated, some being of opinion that there aro 80,000 persons in this district who would/ be likely to av,ail themselves of the assistance of our railways, and bring us an increase of wealth and com-' merco from the other side of the Murray. Taking the lowest, ostimate, in making this railway.we shall be catering for the wants of about 105,000 souls. ¡I believe it has been ad- mitted on all hands among those who arc com- petent to form an opinion on railway matters, thatitis(he'custom m England, in considering a new line of railway, to assume that it vyifl ^ draw double the amount of ,trafliciound on any given line of road. In estimating the numbers, we have been very careful to keep w i thin the mark, so as to make as nearly as possible a safe calculation, which will secure us, from any immediate probability of loss. In tho event of our calculations being falsified, they will be falsified on the bide which is best for the national exchequer. I find the popu- lation 'calculated in the same way from Elsternwick to Sale. The population in the Gipps Land district which would bo hkoly, to avail itself of the advantages of a railway, is 17,300, as against 103,000 in the Ovens and Murray district. The population likely to avail ' itself of the advantages of ' a line from Portland to'Hamilton is 20,000, exclusive of the population of Portland itself, which I think is somewheie about 3,300. As regards the Geelong and Colac line, exclusive of Geelong and suburbs, the population would be 18,000. This appeared i to the Government to be a very good starting point m their calculations as to the probable advantages of the tlneo lines which have been mainly forced upon 'their attention by influential deputations from different parts of the colony. It is pioposed that the pre- sent scheme of îailway extension shall jbe part of a grand system which shall eventually encncle these colonies, and make Victoria the metropolis of Australasia. I havo not the slightest doubt that the effect of the ad- vantages) which will accrue to this colony from the proposed extension of public works and railways wiU be to givo this colony an overwhelming preponderance, and make Vic- toria, tho metropolitan colony of tho group. It has bden suggested by the hon. member for Dundas that we should make railways rather for tho convenience of our own popu- lation than for those of other colonies who do not contribute to the revenue out of which the cost will havo to be defrayed eventually. The first care of a , Go- vernment in making railways is to see ,that they offer a fair prospect of proving remunerative. If our railways are not likely to pay, it would bo wrong to'make them, for it would not bo proper to construct railwajs for meie purposes ot philanthropy. fBut e\en though thero is not a good return by fares, railways may give an actual return 1 to the community generally by reducing the prices of various commodities which would ' be relieved from glutj in one, place andi scarcity in another. From this point of view thero is very good ground forsaying that oven up to th,o present time the railway system in Victoria Cas been a great success, and has actually paid. In making a line^to tap the i Murray at Albury, wo meiely act as au enterprising tradesman would act in sweeping the crossing before his door in \ muddy weather, to attract customers from, neighbouring shops. By making a lino of railway''which shall bring the trans Murray population) to our markets, we shall ihçreaso the prosperity of oui own colony to an extent which will fully warrant the out- lay, and we shall reap advantages more than commensuiate with those we give to the people on the other side of the Murray. Hon. members seem to be au aid that tho other lines will suffer considerably from the Ovens and Murray line being first commenced. It is estimated that if we commence all tho lines at once, from ' four 'and a half to five , years must elapse before they can bo com- pleted, and if we first i commence the Ovens " and Murray line it will be completed in from two to two and a half veais. We shall thou have'theloan beginning to yield a return; and, j assuming the . calculations made as to traffic to be sound, we shall have ' such] a leturn as will not only pay the working expenses, but tho whole interest on the loan itself. Without going the length of assuming we shall do double the 'atnouht of traffic hitherto done on the roads, wo may safely calculate on having as much as tho roads próvido formt present ;,and I may say hero tha^so great has heen the anxiety of tho engineer in-chief to 'kee¿ within the mark in his calculations,:that every calculation Which' has been made > as to the amount of traffic likely to be done upoli this line has exceeded the estimate ho has derived from it. All tho, i infoimation .furnished by the bon. 'mein i ber for the Murray Boroutebs, who last night delivered a'speech full of ' sound sense1 and Tcliablo ligures, ' showed that the calculations of the cngineor-in-chief were under the mark. I believe the bon. member has n¡ot over-estimated, the amount of traffic 'likely to he done -, and I believe that tho railway trill very greatly increase the present traffic, if it does not double it. It is thqv universal opinion of thoso acquainted with the district, ¿bat its nuneial wealth "has never yet been properly developed, from thö ab r sence of machinery of a1 'kirld which ' other districts employ for ' the development of rceJs|of far less apparent value'than thoso > heilig .rworkod_ in the Ovens district., I think, Sir, it is v^ry probable-assuming as a fact the grout growth that must take place iii a new community like this, upon the opening up of ta patch of country as largo as the whola of England-that-the establishment of tins, ' lino pf , communication must ¡cause a largo increase in tho intercourse with the metro- polis,! and in the amount of traffic which will become' necessary in/order to' ¡supply( the wants of the community. But it has, p» the] other hand, been said, that the line from Geelong to Colac is a very short one, and that'they'¿light'Complete one milo of that to two miles of theUino'to the Upper Murray. Now, I cannot see tay reason why any such coutte should bo, taken, Dr j why we should allow our projected lines to com ; pete one against , the other, in order to increase the price' of 'construction. ?- There is no large population in Colac imperatively - demanding railway communication as a ne-i eessity. I think it was tho hon. member for Colachvho urged that th,e rcople of that dis E trier, having expended a largo amount Upon their ioads, Were the moro entitled to'con- sideration. Tho argument if, no doubt, a good , one, i but it .has this-effect, ¿hot in ,thut case Colac will not suffer even should a railway thither remain nnconstructed for some years to come. The, engineer-in-chief has mia that ifwould 't¿ke the better part of twelve months to survey the district properly, and decido upon the most eligible line *, and T wish to contend'that it is not desirable that railway communication should be undertaken in too,great a hurry., {Hear,, hear.) Hon. members; know that a portiqn of the lines now belonging to the Government does not return a fair'average of profit overworking' expenses-even.'if it does pay those working expenses-I mean the railway betwfCn Mel- bourne and Geelong, which was constructed because people' were in too great haste to make the line to wait and ascertain whether it would do good'or pay its -way. I thmk' Geelong would 5 commit another mistako of. thcl samokind if it committed itself to a di- rect fine fjom that place to Colac. It is a very grave question whether eventually tho highly important district of Colac should be directly connected with Geelong by railway at all; aud> at any rate, the House should have ample timo for considering the various matters conueotedwith the subject. Ldo not see that | anyllargc amount of population will be sub- jected to any1 peril or considerable'depriva nori if this Colac hne bo not commenced for rthe present I am informed that a Uno be-' 'tween Portland and Hamilton would bo a good paying one ; and if the Government pan be justified in going in for two lines nt once, this one would have special claims upon onr consideration^ But tho mischief is this if i any one branch be commenced, there would, immediately be a demand that the whole scheme. of. railways should be under- taken'at once ; and it is from^ the difficulty of deciding'between'tho rival claims ,of the several lines proposed.and suggested, that the \- Government arrived at the conclusion that it is best to ask for a sum of money foi the Upper Murray line alone, as the one likely ti return'a good shore of profits, and give confi- dence to the capitalists m the old country'to invest further sums in our railways. At the same time, the Go\ ornment is, as a matter of course, bound in iti ¡.(¡herne of /railway extension to consider the largeness of,>thu population to which such extension will give raün ay accommodation. Gipps Land puts in a ?> cry vigorous claim for its line of railway, and linds it haid to bolieVe that there is any difficulty in convincing theiwhole colony that next to the Ovens and Murray line ,the one line that will pay best-in fact, pay better than any other-is that from Melbourne to , Sale. I am afraid, howevor, that the pro- babilities are that for some few years G ipp3 Land wUl have to depend mainly upon the opening of its- lakes and its communication with the seaboard, for its means of inter- course with Melbourne and the colony gene- rally. I admit that the roads to Gipps Iiand are very bad. The complaints that I j have lately received from that district almost daily would have a most hairowmg effect upon a person of sensitive feelings ¡ but I may say that my mind is becoming gradually inured to what is endured by other people, and that I am now able to^ regard with phdosophy the fact of the Gipps Land people having to wait for their railway for some time, to come. One suggestion made by the bon. member forl South Gipps Land wa3, ' that a less amount of Government money should be granted for road making in those districts to which the railways extended, whüe , the balance should be handed over to those which were not so favoured. Thatidea is a"good one, and its value will be in no way weakened by the fact that the Government have already determined to act upon that principle. If, for instance, bon. members wül refer to a report prepared "by the engineer-in-chief, which was distributed last night, thoy will lind in the last clauso thus-"It will be ob- served that I have not taken into account the saung that the constmction of the pro- posed line of railway would enable the Government to effect in escort charges! in the conveyance of prisoners] and in the sums that are spent annually in making and main- taining parts of the Sydnoy-ioad." The Go- vernment intend that thoso districts of the colony that do not receive advantage from railway communication should be considered more liberally in the matt« of giving assist- ance to the malting of maiu roads and bridges, in ordei that the means of traffic shall be sup- plied as expeditiously throughout the colony as is consistent with its means and extent. But the lion, member for Araiat referred to one puiticular piece of expenditure proposed in tho schedule hi this bill as buing reuuik ably extiavagant, and to be easily dispensed with. I rtfer to tho second item of the schedule-£105,000 for increasing the goods sheds accommodation at Spencer- street. If hon. members will only look at the litho- graphed plans* now on the table, showing the proposed alterations in the goods-sheds, they will readily perceive that the Govern- ment in proposing this expenditure have fully considered the advantages likely to accrue therefrom. It is estimated that, under present circumstances, the accidents which nave occuncd at Spencer- street have been m consequenco of the goods-sheds being on,the wrong side of the line. That those accidents occur so seldom may fairly be credited to the care and skill of the officers in whom the woikmg of the department is vested; but still they ha\e happened, not often with fatal consequences, but people have been disabled tor a n.ore oi less period ; and, besides, very much expense has been occasioned by the da- mage done thereby to the carriages belonging to the Go\ ornment. It is expected that the proposed alterations will save us twenty pei cent, on the working expenses of tho station ; and I thitik the House will agree with me that there is no great harm in carrying out the proposition to which the hon. member for Ararat expressed such objections. I may also say that after listening to the lucid and forcible speech of the bon. member for East Geelong (Mr.'Kernot), as to the largely in cieosed expenditure in Spencer-street, as compaied with that of woiking the other stations on the lines, I wiote to the traffic superintendent for some information as to the cause of the supposed enhanced cost. I received the following reply : "In reference to Mt. Kemofr's remarks, rclatho to Melbourne station expenses being in exepss of tho expenses of other stations, I haï e the honour to report, that Melbourne being the depot for all unused passenger stock, which has to be kept in order and clean, is one reason why that sta- tion has to bear expenses which no other station is hable to., It is a station that for want of pioper accommodation in regard to sidings, shed-room, &c;, is worked at about twenty per cent, in excess of what it should be weie' there the same appliances as country stations have. ; but the principal reason is, that all the tonnage of the Williamstown lino (amounting in 18G7 to 105,752 tons) was handled in the Melbourne sheds at the same cost per ton as the tonnago of Sandhurst, Ballarat, and the othei principal stations is handled,ittlthough the Williamstown tonnage gives but about 4s. per rton revenue, and the > country stations receive, say, about an average of £1 per ton. Consequently, the percentage of rc\ enuerequired forexponsesin Melbourne must naturally be considerably in excess of the "percentage of country stations, Were the revenue per ton the same atMclbourno as at' the country stations named, the working expenses would be much less than at any of them." < > i t i But the Government proposition is, thnt tho "new sheds should be constiuctediat Sponcer street, in order that the large increase of business'consequent upon the extension of the lines should be carried on at a considerably less cost. 'Hon. members wtU'readily Under- stand that, if on increase to the present limitedacconimodation at,tho railway goods sheds, is necessary under" existing circum- stances, 'that necessity becomes all the gieator when We add several hundred miles of rail- way toourpicsent system. Tho railway from Essendon to Belvoir will add nearly 200 miles to our previous Unes^ If it pays, at ,all,,it ' must) bring a large increase to the tiaffic at ¡.Spencer-street; and if that traffic, is to' be ciowded into the sheds at'present ïh use, tho inei itablci consequence wdl be roany fatal accidents and tbo impeding of business-facts which I tluuk will induce hon. members to agree|with motbat, in extending' our traffic, we must also 'extend 'our means 'of dealing with it- ARain, at the present'time there is a great paucity of \ rolling stock'; and as con- siderable advantages would arise, from, an increase in the number of ¡trucks, , both for the carriage of wool and sheep, it would be v»ell if wo bad tho"power to ."add' 'to our means in this respect.1 Still,- limited' as our stock < is, > we have nop J proper .shelter'fpr our engines ; ^overol are always .exposed ,to .(.he weather, and have received .considerable damage from that exposure. In ,thc fhcei of'that,* would'it be wise -for the 'House to limit its -expenditure by so small a Sum as £105,000, and at the same time refuse ( these ¡increased facilities for, the despatch of business, which would save,twenty per cent. of the cost of working the station, and enable us to jjconomiso our engines'and the machines 'which we hove been obliged to construct, or elseibuy at great cost, and protect ourselves from à further annual ioss,,which has already [become noticeable ? Then, it roust also be borne in mind that these increased facilities aro not only necessary for'the protection of ' merchandise, engines, trucks, and machinery',' but for the protection of life also. We. cannot hope ¡for returns from ¡railway lines unless the public have confidence in their safety, and in order to give them that confidence we must'employ;means which-will not'make a, visit to the passenger station at Spencer street one, oi such danger as' to induce a man to make his will before he -undertakes it 'Under the circumstances, 'I think the Government ^are fully justified in ask- ing' for an outlay in this direction. The proposition is, that the sheds should'be taken from the side of tho line whero they now stand, and ho Te-erected on the 'spot which was once the site ef Batman's-hill. It may be said to reflect no credit upon tho Rail- way authorities that these railway sheds were, ever put up on the wrong side ; but lion, members will remember that When they were | first established Batman's-hill was looked -troon <. by the old colonists-especially those who boasted of being " old chums "-as being a spot too sacred to be removed for the mere purposes of business, ft remained for a less respectful age to take it away bodily, and ,use it for filling up hollows and forming embank rueiits. (A laugh.) Hon. members did not seem to bp aware how this place was once re- garded by, ¿he moro ancient inhabitants, although he had never seen anyone frequent it Jbut nursemaids in search of their amorous swains, in'-the shape'-of soldiers and police- men ; but at one time no one dared ,to think that Batman's-hill would ever be. degraded into the mere place" for rail- way traffic whicli it has now become. But to return. So long as there was no other place to be use'd the inconvenience attendant upon these misplaced sheds had to be borne with, and at first the traffic was not so great as to make this of much consequenco -, but of late years it hoe been the .standing com- . plaint of the- department that there was' not ' sufRcientgoods accommodation, and that the extra backing in'and shunting, which wa- the necessary consequence, was a continual source of expense. It is now proposed to con- tinuo to use the passenger line for pissengers ; but that there shall be no occasion to carry ' on the dangerous practice of frequently cross- ing it with goods trains, a chnnee which will ' allow for more passenger traffic than has hitherto been possible. Besides the re-orec tion'of the old goods-sheds on the other side of the linel it is intended to erect additional sheds, which are absolutely necessary for'the storage of merchandise and carrying on the regular business of the railway ; and to these new lines of rails will be laid, tho îusult of which will be, not only to expedite work, but also to materially decrease . the rate of cost which is 'now modo impora- I tive. I am not prepared to say .that all these woiks will cost exactly £105,000, bat I believu that amount will cover the work"and if a saving 'can be realised it will only be One of thoseorrors'wbich we have made on the right side. T think that, in the first instance, there may have been some approach to'a blunder in placing the railway workshsds at Williamstown, and expending so largo an amount of money upon thom. (Hear, hear.) That is a question for the caref al considera- tion of tho House and the Government in ^dealing,,with the further e_penditnro of money in that locality, and it will havo to bo settled whether it will not bo desirable in the futuro to take down thoso worksheds at Wil- liamstown, and re-erect them on the ground which can be made available in Spencer street. I cannot say now whether their final place will be one spot or the other, but, at all events, the increase of accommodation is au absolute necessity. Notwithstanding all that may be said of the advantage or disad- vantage of the, Govornmonc itself ,.un- dertaking the work of keeping the rolling stock in thorough repair, ia the first place, if the work is given out it will be scarcely possible to draw specifications that would pro- tect the public from serious loss and wrong. No doubt new work can be let out by tender impartially and .with safety ; but the repairs that are constantly called for must be dealt with in a different way, and on the pi ¡nelpie that a stitch in time saves nine. In that viewithey must be done at the Government workshops, and nowhere else-(Hear, hear) -and 1 beg that it may at the same time bo clearly understood that the,same rigid 'surveillance will be exercised in. their case .as over the other departments of the Eublic service, and that the gieatö3t eareiwill e taken that whatever amount of money is voted for the Government uso there shall be a fair return for the actual work done. I havo caused hon. members to be supplied with a report, which has just reached me from the secretary of the railway department, showing that there has been no inoreaso to the shed accommodation available at the Spencer-street station since 18G2. In 1883 the tonnage of the Mclbourno station was 198,823 tons ; in 18G7 it was 298,293 tons. Hon. members will readily perceive that the result of this increase in the goods traffic has been to occasion a necessity for additional shed room. We now propose to increase our traffic by doubling the length of our lines, and it will be seen that a consequence will bo the necessity of providing additional shed room. To return to the schedule to which I have already called bon. members' attention, I think it right to say that 'tho estimate of the cost of constructing a railway from Essendon to the Upper Murray, there set down at £1,720,000, is very likely to prove in excess of the amount which the Hue will actually cost. I believe that the engiucer-in-chief has this peculiarity, that he invariably endeavours to make his calculations in such a manner that we may be able to keep within it, rather than be called upon to provide for any advance on the first estimates. I believe that the House will consider that a fault which should bo ap- proved' of on such an occasion as the pre- sent, and that it is better that we should not base our estimates of the cost and the returns on too fa rom able calculations. As to au esti- mate which I have received, going to show that | railways can be constructed over average ' ground at something like £2,000 per ¿nile, ¡ not being a professional man, I cannot say that it cannot be done, I can only say that if this can be tdono, it is very stiango that in older countries, where lines of railway havo been long ago constructed, it has not been done long before this. At tho same time, there are probably laterl discoveries ,and improvements in tho method, of construction which we should endeavour to learn and avail ourselves of by sending some competent porson to acquire the fullest and latest information as to the best form of constructing railways, tho best kind of rolling-stock, and tho most advan- tageous mode of regulating traffic adopted on railways of older countries. The fourth item in the schedule is for the purchase of the Mel- bourne and Essendon line with the branch to the racecouiso. Hon. members -are aware that the bill lcferred to has this night passed tluoughits'sccond leading, and the purchase, of the line in question, so far as the action of 1 this House is concerned, is already virtually completed, and this House is anxious ' to see it earned through. I believe that it will be considered, now that our line is likely to start from Essendon, that we have made a good bargain in piocuring this line on 'the 'terms on which we obtain it. There arc also various claims outstanding with respect to the ' construction,of the Geelong and Ballarat rail- way amountingto £27,000. lion, members were perhaps aware that there was also a larger amount claimed, and which will perhaps form the subject of litigation. The sixth ¡tom is to repay the general; revenue sums borrowed , fromlitfor railway constiuction and surveys, £79t000. It is also proposed to expend £70,000 to increase our rolling-stock. It has been 'matter of'complaint toi Some time that Wo have not been able to do the amount of bttsi~r ness which' we were .requited .to transact,! through a paucity of] our lolling-stock. , have ' endeavoured, by the aid' of officers of ' the department, to discover some "means by which our rolling-stock could be increased, at the least increase of expenso to the coun- try, and I believe that arrangements'can be made that will admit of a great increase- of traffic upon'our lines. With íespect to the 'returns rrom our lines, 'it was not until 1800 that ¡we. were able' to compute interest on' the 'capital expended. That year it whs three and a half per cent. ; in W7, which,was a year of unusual dulness, it only amounted to twp and a half per cent. ; and in the' pre- sent year we arc justified in computing thai it will be three and a half per cent. When it . is- borne in < mind that tho lines now in ¿operation have cost the colony £35,000,ppr mile, i and ¿hat the lines proposed tobo con- structed will only cost £10,000 per milo, aud' 1 »that |wcJpropose to' borrowlho amount for i their formation at -5 pet'-ceiit., instead oP at G per cent., as on the former lines, ? houi membersjwillsee that there is a.much better, prospect of pur^aldng these Unes pay than there pas been in favour of any lines hitherto 1 proposed to'be constructed,' in this colony. 'I believe that, with economic management, tho lines proposed cannot fail to pay, not only their | working expenses and interest on the, capital expended, but also to yield to the state returrls which will assist the colony to carry ' out other works of a similarly' reproductivo character. -It has been Said that more infor- mation should 'have ¡been supplied, but tai furnish information such as has been sug-, gestea would have required that a staff of ' men should have been Sent out in" order WJ procure a mass of statistics 'that would not have .been readily computable,') and would¡ not have been readilyi comprehended, 11 ?\ think' that, members will' bo able to deal i with ¡the statistics , laid before, us, j which ' have not been collected for"variy pee pur pose/tibub-by persons!who' dtavoured.,,toI collect [reliable information,, and'not'to support or discourage any par ti cularlirie.f \I havè'in my hand statistics, sup- plied by the registrar-general; i relativo to the country from Elsternwick $o, Sale, exclusive of a radius of ten 'miles .from the contre of Melbourne. The population of this district is 17,390,' the value of rateable property in shires is £1,124,188, in road board districts and municipalities annualratcable value £121,805. The live J stock in the district was -Horses, 12.023;,cattle, 80,503; sheep, 200,823 ; pigs, 9,920. The returns'as to cultivation show an extent of land under wheat of 0,828 acres, oats 4,135 acres, other cereals 1,089 acresi Toot 'crops 2,634 acres, hay 2,520 acres.j green forage 3,358 acre?, other tillage 3,193 acres.j total, 24,003 acres. The returns of the pro- duce showed that of wheat there were drown 9,5,538 bushels, of oats 7G,335 bushels, other .' cereals54,665 bushels, of root cropsl2,357 tons, I of hay 13,773 tons, and 1,470 gallons of wine. Tho approximate valuo of farmiug'plant and machinery was set down at £40,959, and that ,of improvements on fdrms at £341,048. These r returns, thus placed before the House, will, I think, convince hon. members who are inte " rested jp the construction of a line to Sale that tüe Government have no desire to throw'cold water ,on their project; that they aie ready and' desirous to place the fullest information in their possession befoie the House, and that they »Te anxious'to offer every oppor- tunity, to .discuss the soveral schemes of rail- i ' ways proposed. But if bon. members will compare this statement'with the statement | of the population in. the Albury district, they will perceive the superior claims of the latter. The similar statistics furnished hythe regis trar-goneral in reference to the'Albury dis- trict, give the following íesults. The entire population beneficially interested, exclusive of a railius 'of ten miles from the centre of Mel- bourne, is 55,000 ; the total value of rateable proporty in stores is £2,186,113 ,5s., 8d. ; in road districts and municipalities the annual value is £240,478 6s." 4d. Hon. meinbcH will bear inmind that the country bcyondSeymoar is, so far as roads arid road boards ' are con- cerned, left almost in a state of nature, and therpfore in estimating the valuo of rateable property in that district it is placed in a very unfair comparison, because in the district there is a large amount of property not within the limits oí road board districts, and there- fore not included in the calculation. The live stock number-Horses, 22,430 ; cattle, 110,123 : sheep, 1,271,279 ; pigs, 15,743. The returns of cultivation were -Acreage of wheat, 33,15G ; oats,1 18,213 ; other cereals, 2,215 ; of root crops, 2,908 ; hay, 14,779 ; green forage; 5,405; and the tillage, 5.C0O; tptal, 82,402 acres. The 'producereturns aie-502,209bushels otwheat, 366,401 bushels of oats, 34,000 of other cereals, 9,494 tons of root crops, 19,290 tons of hay, and 137,607 gallons of wine. The approxi- mate value of farming plant and machinery is £144,472, and tho value of improvements on farms £788,423. When we come to con- sider the mineral wealth of the district, as set , forth in a return fuinished to me by the secretary of mines, Mr. Brough Smyth, I think that lion, members will see that the line of country from Beech worth, to Albury po°sesbes an immense amount of wealth, which only requires additional facilities such as a railway would afford, not only to servo to enrich the district, but also to contribute to the rcyenue. The return sets forth that ' ' There are no gold-fields until we reach Sey mour. Enstand south-eastof Seymourthoreare aUuviums and reefs which give employment to 384 miners, and the mining plant is valued .at £5,000, and the claims at £12,000. There are no more gold workings (except,a smallinbignificant patch near Benalla) until we leach the mining division of Beechworth ; and fas this line would benefit all the divisions of this mining district more or less, it is right to examine the statistics of all of them. They are as follow :-Division of Beechworth Number of miners, 1,711; value of mining plant, £35,750; value of claims, £100,000. Division or Indigo-Number of miners, 612: value of mining plant, £29,577 ; value of claims, £51,800. Division of Yackandandah -Number of miners, 1,797 ; value of raining plant, £12,950; valuo of claims, £840,000. Division of Stanley-Number of miners, 488 ; value of mining plant, £5,030 ; value of claims, £11,700. Division of Sandy Creek Number of miners, 155 ; value of mining plant, £1,100 ; value of claims, £2,500. Di- vision of Buckland- Number of miners, 1,927; value of mining plant, £33,110; value of claims, £47,800. The figures therefore stand as under for the gold-fields which are near Beechworth, and which would profit by the construction of the line :-Total number of miners, 0,720 ; total value of mining plant, £117,517 ; total value of claims as estimated, £1,353,800. It is true thatSmuch of the country through which this line would pass is inferior to that generally found in the colony, but around Beechworth there are large tracts of land suitable for oats, wheat, and English grasses. As regards mining, the Chiltern and Wahgunyah goldfields-already , remarkable for the great quantities of black oxide of tin which accompanies the wash dirt-will, it is believed, in a short time ex- hibit a greater extension. The deep leads trending towards tho Rivor Murray in this part of the district-the deep lead of the Ovens Valley, and the rich quartz reefs-such as those at Hillsborough-which have not yet (owing to the want of machinery) received the attention they deserve-all point to a prosperous future. Its gold, tin ore, molyb- denite, and other mineral resources, have already given a prominence to the Beech- worth district." I have ft large quantity of information of a simUar character referring to other dis- tricts, which I shall bo. happy to place in the hands of lion, members. t I have merely brought forward these two state- ments in order that hon. members may have an opportunity of comparing the two par- ticular districts to ono oi other of which it has been argued that .preference should be given, or| which should both be carried on at once. As I am not awai'e that in the Colac district, at the present timo, it would he pos- sible to find any 'considerable reefs, or mining .claims, or mining machinery, I am unable to submit such a statement in reference to that district. ' Mrl CONNOR.-Give tho agricultural re- turns. ' Mr) JONES.--I believe that the hon. mem- ber will agiee with mc that an agricultural popujation alone cannot pay for the constmc tion of a railway. Such information as I liavo concerning the line to Colac I shaU be happy to afioid to lion, membeis. In making the line of railway to the Murray, which, will 'affoid a rriéans of travelling equally to per- sons on the other side of the river, it will be obvious that in thus supplying i a convenience to them we obtain customers for our line, that ,wc do not do this as a matter of philan- thropy and that in affording to them this convenience at ' a 'fair price we aro not doing so to afford them a benefit, but are merely, acting on business principles. In submitting thef information which has been submitted to-night to the House I am well aware that lion, 'ihembcrs have the right to say that they have not as full information as they could have wished. (Mr. LANGTON. "Hear, hear.") The bon. member for West Melbourne cheers, and I am glad to see that bon. Imember so cheerful. 1 have laid the best »formation that I1 could collect on tho table, of the House-information that has i been ¡ obtained by the ordinary means of col- lecting the usual statistics íolative to the pro-, gress of the, colony., I can well understand that each Several,district which wants niau way will believe that its claims should be paramount, 'and 'that the supply of 'its wanti should be the first consideration of tho House. Tup residents of Gipps Land think thus of their district, and the inhabitants of the 'Western District so of theirs. Tlut'I am quite,certain that we aro called upon to judge1 from a national pointof view-that wo should consider what line of railway should, be con- structed so as to yield the best returns for the capital expended, and that we should carry out that scheme which wo belitívo" will pay, and which we believe to be absolutely essential to the progress of this colony. ', . Mr.' MACPHERSON.-Why don't you give the returns for the Western District? Mr. JONES.-If the hon. member will toko , these papan;-(presenting ¡ a considerable 'bundle)-and goj^thiough them at his leisure, I am quite, sure that his acute intel- lect will enable him"trj' take'but of 'them' a vast amount of 'information, which' bon. ' members generaUy would t be scarcely able to i cqmprehend whenf they ,hadj got it. I 'have not tbc slightest idea of fatiguing hon. mem- bers by going through', page alter page 'of" statistics which they can'examine at their leisure.' ' I don't ' consider it' should 'bo1 .the^ object ofia /speaker merely,; to tire the House. r< These papers are at-the service of tho ,bon,( member for' Dundas, and if he can discover ' that 1 have', dis- torted any'fact Svhich'will show % that Hamilton should.have a' line of railway jail to itself/ (I will immediately ,af ter,, i this i matter has,been disposed of rgo in. with him I for ventilating, the cloirns of that."town for | this'special"railway. ' From all rJaTts'of tho colony them have been demands for branch | 'lines. There was a deputation-a-.few days 'ago from Beechworth,.asking for/a branch, ,hne. from yangaratta.^.Beechw- oxtb, .and pointing out'that a "considérable'amount of injury would-be » dono;- as, ' hi fact, the . line' ' Would not'pass anyinefcrer thanitwonty-Bve n t miles to that important centre of population. , ] Tho Government wero'obliged to inform that ' ' i deputation that if a brandi1 line wero con- '?> ceded, to -the Beechworth! district j imme-^ j, diately; the other ,portjons of tho colony \ which had not'yet got'main lines would i,[ | consider that they had not been fairly treated, and that the Government must ürst go through with the main lines, which' would give general advantages to'all sections of the f country, rather than attempt to go in for the , formation of branch lines, which would give , exceptional advantages'to particular districts. Under these-circumstances,'the deputation,''' . ' seeing that if it endeavoured^to secure spe-^ <-, cial local advantages it might Imperil, the much larger ' scheme, was''wise enough1 to ' ' determine to abandon its local úesirus in tho » i advance of, the national, object which the, Government had in view. 'The lion member for Geelong (Mn Kernot) referred to the fact, that we had,nearly reached ,tho limit of our j borrowing power, r I dare rsay the lion, mern- , her, as amérnber of tho Geelong Corporation ¿ -.' is aware that the Gabrielli loan w being ."/ steadily paid off; that tho inteiust is being * paid by the corppratîoiiSrOf Melbourne and Geelong ; and that the principal is being paid off by tho Government from year to ycar.r' Of the principal of the Gabnelh loan, and of the Yan Yean Wan' we shall bo called upon to payi £400,000»within thb next three - years. Under these' circumstance?-and, in- , deed, under all circumstances-the object of the Government must bo to invest capital in ' such lines as are likely to be telf supporting. For my own part, Ibelie\e that.if the other, lines which are noW'spoken of aie properly carried out-if- they aro ecoiiomically worked ' -if, al far as possible, red tape )ie dispensed ^ viith-if the state go ou to work these1 iail wajs as a mero business speculation, with ' the determination tovgive' the largest pos- sible advantage ito jtsr custotneis- to tak,e sucl) rates of payment as will irtduce alargo amount of trrnfhc and give a'fftir return-1 that the state will ho able to work not only , the whole of therrailwajs now in existence, but also the speculative lines which have" ' been «fened to, with'great advantago'not i merely to the districts to be traversed but to the 'state itself. It is the full ititeutiou pf the Govornmerit, in dealing -with the railway loan whicli is now proposed, or stich [other loans as 'may ,be proposed for public works, to place this House ni the position of con- trolling the expenditure to be undertaken < under such loans. It appoars to bo an absurd* ,, thing that moneys obtained from the general revenue to be expended upon the"1 ordinary ' business of the)year should be submitted, to . the control of this House, while sums.to be , expended from loans (.¿ntracted for special purposes should bo disposed of by the 'several ' departments without coming under the pur- view of this Houso. I believe the suggestion thrown out by tho hon. and gallant mem- ber for West Melbourne (Captain Mac-r Mahon) was a tery _ valuable one; and subject to such limitation that if the House - be not in session it may be necessary to expend a limited amount upon an emer- gency, or in forming such works as cannot bo stajed without injury to tho property of theJ stato, I believo I ara justified in saying that it is tho intention of the Government that all such outlay shall be submitted to this House by estimate, and shall be dealt with by this ' House in exactly tho sarao way as the House ? would deal with the ordinary expenditure of the year. Bearing in mind that if, tho whole . of these works were commenced at once it is more than rirobable that it would be four and a half or five years before the several lines would be ready for beneficial working; andJ taking into account that we shall be able to complete the Over_> and Mur- - , ray line in about two years and a half, and that we shall1 then be able, with tho improved' facilities for working, with the learned labour . that shall have been educated upon that line, and with the contractors' plant which will bavo been brought to a certain degree of per- fection upon that work, w e think we shall be able to undertake the several other works necessary for railway extension on much moro advantageous terms than if wo now entorod upon the whole scheme of îailways at once. It has been said that tho out-districts whicht are not immediately advantaged by railway communication do not receive an equivalent for that which is given to other districts ; but I am sure bon. members will perceivo that any good which is done to the body politic and to the centres of population must in a greater or less degree advantage the out district? which do not immediately receive the advantages of railway communication, i and that these lines mast va. some reflex way do good to the out-districts, although they do not enjoy the advantage of railway tra- velling. I think if we can only increase tho wealth of the body politic, and shorten the period within whicli railways can be con- structed to those out-districts, they ought tor: look with sj mpathetic interest on the schemes now pioposed, and on the one scheme which, the Government intend to carry out. I'am quite certain that tho House will not bo in- clined to deal with this question in the spirit of Little Peddlington. The mem- bers of the'Government have proposed this . Ovens line without any regard to tbe inter- ests which they immediately represent. Most members of the Government are interested in other and ^widely different districts from. the one which is to be immediately benefited by this line of railway. The one question which has ruled us 'in deciding this matter has been-is this line likely to give a fair re- turn upon the outlay of capital ? If it can be shown that branch unes are likely to pay -if the _ parties who propose them really jbelieted in their own figures when they spoke of a I return of 73 and 13 per cent.-then surely private companies might oarry out« ' these undertakings, and they must feel grate- ful to the Government for leaving some ground for them to occupy with snell im- mense advantage to themselves and their- < families. In a case where a private com- pany] shows its ¿»ona fides, and its desire to carry out such a branch line, the Govern-¡ ment will give-every possible facility for the , i ealisation of their scheme. J am sure that the Government wouldJ be prepared to deal liberally in the way of a land bounty to any ¡ company that would effectively carry out such a scheme of railway construction. Sir, bon., gentlemen havo generally approached this mattei in a fair spirit, and their criticisms have1 generally been delivered with a view, properly to test the proposed scheme of the Government, and to ascertain whether it is a. good scheme to be adopted and carried out. f One bon. member has suggested that we * should have a construction act as well as à loan act. I suppose bon. i mom hers larc, generally aware that ,,a iloan act will j he almost immediately intro- duced, and that this House will' he asked to give> their fullest consideration to the various provisions of that measure. But it js necessary that the Loan Act, instead of being general, should prescribe in what particular ' ' way the moneys to bo borrowed aro to bo cxpeuded. It has also been suggested that surveys, plans, arid quantities verified should' "be laid on the table of this House, t I am in a position to inform hon. members that with . the least possible , delay all such papers will be ready for placing upon the tablo of this House, and they will have an opportunity, af ] they please, of verifying for themselves the statements which have been prepared under- ' the direction'of thcengineer-m- chief. Hon.'"' members, however, wifl. ' they hav e asked that much fuller opportunities should be given to test the pioposed works, if j such information as they Want be lard On the table' it uvust entail upon the carrying out of the scheme a much larger expenditure than , ihe Government think to beat all necessary. If anjy lion, members desire to go into theso - quantities, it would be far better that they ¡ should call at the department, arid there "exa- mine for themselves such particulars as they ' Tequire. ' We shall have at least to doublo the ' clericid-!expense, .and considerably increase the eipendlturé in"cngineering,a_d draught- ing assistance if we are to bring before this > > .Houso all 'the plans and specifications of the 'proposed works, asj if this House was, about to sit|as~a vigilance committee to bcrutinfte , the actiowofíthe engineer-in- chief. Lboliqvo1 > it will alsoibo necessary for the Government' ¡ ,to consider very carefully all the* latent im- ., , provements irl railway construction at honie,'1 - , and also in rrail way'Carriages. At home'at ' ?present a .very superior,kind of railway car- i 1 '-riage|is being used, ^fhú^ an1 upper and lower story'available iori passengers, 'and it has this advantage; that it bringa the weight to be earned, very muck, nearer the engine which haS to draw it,J and therefore to a 'con- ' ' sid er able extent dinuhishes the resistance.''If ti such a plan be carried out it will be necessary on I the new line to conHtruct our bridges very much higher than bridges aro 'constructed at * the present time. ', It would also be desirable» , 'that we should,consider the "advantages of , - 1 steel lails.Tuid nil' the latest improvements-^» - ¡railway, construction, i and, Writing, J It .ia .needless, however, that I sliould enter upon i all ¿bese matters, and i; think it 'will be enough'for mo to say thafthey wiK be borne ' irrr-indby the Government,and¿ealfcwith as-jj occasion may ¡require, iuordor.to securç- that the .largest possible advantagfi'shall be gained to the .'community lift' tho' outlay of-such monearas'wililbe avoilohle.( .-rAs a matto|y,( of,cpurse, tiie mone/s,,sp obtained will,bo' , Jdéalt ' with 'in 'a separate loan H_ccotuiti '" - " and will notjbo^ available .for any other mat- ters than the works '£o bocarriod out in rail uwayi construction, for the)plant, and other 'J things essential for the working of'the line. I think that enough of information has boon placed before the House to show that tho Government intend to use their utmost caro in protecting the interests of the community fat large, and in carrying out'their .scheme of -irailway extension 'in.such a way as that gene _ rally the colony will have cause toplaco full con- fidence in their administration, -and so that Victorian debentures will deserve to rank as high in. the money markets of the world in thcfuluiuas they have, dono in the past. I have to apologise for having, I fear, but in a .feeble woy dealt with a subject which required much larger experience than I bavo beon able to 'bring to bear upon it. Gentlemen of . much greater experience might hnvo been appalled at - the magnitude of the "subject with which I have had to deal, but lam quite ceitain that.the nouse, in tho kindness which it has ever exhibited to thoso who endeavour to carry out their duty, will bear with mo in the remarks which I have made. If any bon. member has felt that any rcmaik has been unnecessarily tart upon hinisclf, I hope he will bear in mind that I have been for the first time making a Minis- terial speech in connexion with a matter which two months back it appeared very unlikely to fall to my lot to deal with in this Assembly. (Hear, hear.) Mr. LANGTON.-Sir, I am glad that there is a desire on tbe_ part of bon. members to regard this question in a national point of view. There can be no doubt that if railway extension is to tako place in this colony, that tho interests of the community at large should be the interests which should inllu .er.ee bon. members in referenco to the parti- cular lines which they favour, and which they determine to proceed with at once. The fact that this question is of such national im- portance, appears to me to bo tho reason why we should exercise every caution, and why wo should not bo induced to deal with it in a hasty manner, or upon insufficient informa- tion, I cannot help expressing my regret that the Chief Secretary should havo thrown out a suggestion that thero was a disposition to waste, unnecessarily, time over this sub- ject. Mr. M'CULLOCH was understood to say that he made no such suggestion. , Mr. LANGTON.-I undeistood the lion, gentleman to say that the vote we gave last . night for the adjournment of the debate would have the eflect of delaying the pay- ment of the public servants. The bon. mem- ber knows very well that if the usual course had been pursued a week ago, and the state- ment of the Government made in committee of the whole House, wo should have been in a better position to discuss the question on the present occasion, and we should not have 'had to wait till the debate was half over, and the greater number of members had spoken, for information essential to the considera- tion of this subject. I must enter my pro- test against this question being mixed up with any other matter. It is a sub- ject on which the Houso ought to be nee to act, and ought not to be fettered by any other consideration whatever ; and if it takes sufficient time to discuss the question, it ought not to be charged with delaying the payment of the public ser- vants, a couiso which the House has no wish to pursue. Eor the delay which had already taken place, it is in no way lesponsible. It is now twelve months since the Government, on the opening of the second sebsion in 1807, announced their in- tention of asking Parliament to sanction the contiaction of a loan ; and we might, there- fore, havo supposed that the Government would havo been prepared to lay, at the out- set, upon the table of the House the informa- tion which the Houso desired on tho subject, so that, at the commencement of the session, a select committee might have been appointed for the purposo of sifting the evidence, and bon. members might have been spared the inconvenienco of having dribbled out to them tiny after day facts and figures of which they are hardly in a position to judge, and the value of which could only be learned by careful inquiry. Instead of being in this position, we are still in the dark upon many material points. Eirst of all, Ido not think the financial aspect of the question has been fully consideicu, or that sufficient informa- tion has been supplied to us upon the point. The bon. the Chief Secretary says, "I havo no doubt that we will be enabled from one source or another so to economise as to be able to save considerably, and to bring .our expendituio witbin.the revenue so much as to be in a position to meet this proposed expendituio." I submit that that is not the position in which the House ought to be placed on an occasion like the present. I say we ought to know how this pioposed expenditure is to be met. Taking the income and expenditure of the piesent year at the figures at which they aro put.by the hon. the Treasurer in his budget, the income is about £3,145,000. Assuming that that will be realised, the expenditure of the year-I am speaking irrespective of any balances that were brought forward fiom the former year-will be £3,319,000 ; so that the income which the hon. gentleman expects to receive in the current year falls short of the expenditure by £173,000. Theieis one im- portant consideration which bon. members ought to beal in mina on an occasion like the present, and that is, that this income of £3,145,000 is only obtained by the sale of £391,000 worth of public lauds. ("No.") An bon. member says " No " ; but £200,000 of that sum the bon. member expects to derive from sale of lands by auction, and £191,000 is ..derived from payments towards purchase under the Amending Land Act/ so that my statement is correct. I should first like to ask lion, members to consider how long these payments towards purchase, which during the current year amounted to £191,000, will last. Some of them have been running since 1801, and many of them since 1862, and they .cannot Jost above thiee of four years longer. . They aro decreasing every year, and theie fore that is n source of revenue which is de- creasing-if wo may regard as revenue at all that which we derive from the sale of the public estate. Another consideration is, that we are deriving the laigo sum of £130,000 or £140,000 from rents ot selections under the Amending Land Act. Will that revenue continuo to be paid without any reduction ? I think it would be most unwise and most unstatesmanlike for any one, looking abroad upon tho colony, and remembering the demands which nave been set up for those who are the occupants of the public lauds, to reckon that as a permanent rental which may be relied upon as a permanent source of revenue. There can be no doubt that tho claims which have been set up for allowing this rent to go towards the purchase will, to some extent, if not to the full extent, be obtained in the long run ; and that whether it be conceded by the present Government or by another Government, the concession will have to bo made to these selectors, and that .ive cannot go on deriving this amount pf revenuo from this source. I say that, taking these facts into consideration, we are likely to experience a considerable falling-off in the revenue derivable from public lands-, in the first place, because many of these pay- ments will cease altogether in a few years ; in the second place, because there will be every year less land to be sold by auction ; and in the third place, because many of the rents now being paid will in the long run go towards the purchase-money. # I would like to ask bon. members if the sum . which we have derived from the sale of . public lands has been expended upon permanent repioduotive works ? Out of the £391,000 derived this year how much will go in permanent works ? Taking tho Estimates, Ifindthatless than £100,000 is to be invested in permanent reproductive works. .Of course , there are largo sums granted to load boards and shire councils ; but this can- not be regarded as reproductive expenditure if we accept the testimony of the engineer-in-i ?chief. He states, in one of the documents . now on the table of the House, ,tbat wo are! . obliged to spend large sums annually in main-' tallong roads in the district which would bo .saved by the Ovens Railway, which expendí .turo can never be reproductive, and which would be_saved by the construction of the pioposed" line. I am therefore fortified ",im my conclusion that this cannot bo 'k regal ded as a permanent investment for the permanent service of the colony.. .Of the item of £160,000 for public works, not -mioro than £80,000 can be regarded as being, .spentjuponpermanent works; so that outof the .£¿91,000 derived during the piesent year from the sole of land, £300,000 ought to ge towards "the current expenditure of the colony. It, is proposed to increase the burdens of tho -colony by £135,000 a-year interest on a loani of'three millions, and before the House sub-' Taits itself to such a scheme full information ought to bo given as to how much of tho rentals might be regarded as payments to- wards purchase, whether the Government are selling enough or too much of thepublic estate, and bow tbu deficiency is to be made up. As- suming that the estimates of the Chief Secre- tary will all be realised this year, there is a difference of £173,000 between the income and -expenditure, the expenditure being £3,319,021 .-and the incomo £3,143,693, and the £135,000 interest on the two loans added makes tho difference £309,000. , Axe ,wo to have fresh taxation, or how is this liability to be pro- vided for ? A large part of tho deficiency is to be paid off by borrowing money, but it has jet to be seen how far the exaggerated esti- mates submitted will bear the test of time. I piesumo that the object of hurrying tho question now before the Houso through the present session is to be ablo to take advantage of the present low rate of interest in tho English money market, and' I therefore con- clude that the whole loan is to bo contracted at oncel Wo are applying at, the present time £300,000 of capital per annum to curreiit expenditure. After having used that, there is a prospect of a deficiency of £300,000 on the oidinary expenditure of the year; and tho House ought to know how this is to be met before it sanctions the loan. As to whether it is most desirable to raiso the money by de- bentures or by means of stock, I thought the Chief Secretary would have given the Houso some reliable information on the subject, es- pecially as I find the Audit Commissioners in their report for 1807 recommend tho conver- sion or the wholo of our debentures into stock. If this conversion into stock is to take place at all, the present is the most favourable timo for the change, because of the cheapness of money, the favourable posi- tion of our securities, and tho fact that we aie about to contract afresh loan. [At this stage Mr. M'Culloch was speaking to Mr. Grant, who was sitting at tho tablo near him.] I really cannot help complaining of the unfairness of the Chief Secretary in intenupling me at the t table as ho did when I made my financial statement. He has been conversing in a loud tone of voice during nearly the whole of the timo jl have been speaking, and I must protest »gainst it-it is ungeutlemanly and unfair. Mr. M'CULLOCH rose to order. He ob- jected to tho expression "ungeutlemanly." The SPEAKER said the expression was not Parliamentary. Mr. LANGTON.-I havo boon interrupted in this way on three or four occasions, and it is most annoying. Referring to the rate of interest on the loan, the Chief Secretary said the previous evening that he believed that up to the present time our debentures at five per cent, would bring par, or closely upon it I think he could not have paid much attention to the subject, or ho would not hav c mentioned par for a five per cent, deben- ture as equivalent to a six per cent, debenture at 114. I know this is an abstruse subject, but I have bad the assistance of a gentleman well up in matters of this kind. On the 17th July our debentures stood at £114. There was 108 days' interest due, which represents £115s. Cd., so that the actual premium on that day was £12 4s. 6d. Upon the debentures at £112 4s. 6d., tho holder gets interest at the rate of £5 Gs. lOd. per cent. In sixteen years that £12 4s. Gd. is utterly lost, so that to arrivo at the exact amount of interest this £12 4s. Gd. has to be distributed over sixteen years ; and we therefore find that, allowing for loss of premium at tho end of that period, a six per cent, debenture purchased at £Í12 4s. id! only jields£4 12s. 3d. per cent, interest, the holder only gets £100, and we may assume £1 12s. 3d. to be the rate percent, atwhichpersons are prepared to advance money to the colony, That being the case, what premium must a live per cent, debenture sell at in order to bring the interest on it down to the same sum-£4 12s. 3d. ? I am informed that, as these debentures will have twenty-five years to run, and the loss will be distributed over a longer period, they will yield tho same as a six per cent, debenture with less time to run, Considering that, if tho Government sell these debentures at par, £4 12s. Od. will be abso- lutely lost at the end of tho year, that course ought not to be adopted. It may affect the value of our securities to go into the matkot for so much money. When it is onco ascer¿ tained what is the precise equivalent of the one debenture as compared with the other, any decline below the ascertained iigure will be an indication that, either the late of interest has risen, or that our credit is not so good as it was. With six per cent, debentures at £112, we ought not to announce to the world that we expect only par for these j Mr. M'CULLOCH.-1 did not say that, and you know it. , Mr. LANGTON.-The Chief Secretary saidj " I believe at the present time our de- bentures at 6 per cent, will bring par, or closely upon it." ' Mr. M'CULLOCII-Hear, hear. ! Mr. LANGTON.-Then the Chief Secretary has committed himself to that opinion. Mr. FRANCIS.-Two per cent. more. Mr. LANGTON.-I submit that if the re- lations of the two kinds of stock arc anything like what I am informed by competent authorities, a 5 per cent, debenture must sell at something between £105 and £107 in order to bo equivalent to a six per cent.' debenture. I do not think the House should, be left in tho dark on such an important subject as this. As to the relative merits o$ the three lines, the information submitted to the House is extremely meagre as to the pros! peet of obtaining remunerative returns from the aifl'erent lines, and it is not nearly as full as the Houso is entitled to expect. Never-, theless, from the information supplied by the hon. member for Beechworth, the Ovens and Murray line is the most likely to yield rotnu nerative returns at the earliest period. But the information the House has received in regard to tho other lines, and especially the western Une, is not so complete. We aro told there is a population ot 18,000 between Geelong and Colac, and 20,000 beiween Port- land and Hamilton ; but we aro not informed what population would bo served by a great western line going right through the heart ofi that district. In connexion with the Beech-! worth and Upper Murray line, it appeals from' the paper submitted the previous evening byj the enginecr-in-chief that he estimates that' tlie gross receipts per milo from the Ovens' and Upper Murray Railway will equal those; of the Sandhurst and Echuca line for 1866,. the estimate being £857 a mile. The House] has not been informed why the year 1866 has. been taken, and the receipts in 1867 were! £32,218 less than in 18G6. I was glad to| hear the last speaker say it was tho in-| tention of the Government to consider tho claims of those parts of the colonies to which .railways were not extended to in- creased endowments for roads. We pay £250,000 a year to keep the lines in order, and the districts through which these rail- ways run have been receiving just the same amount of endowment as those districts which do not benefit by them, though the whole colony contributes to their support. The scheme ought to have been submitted im a way that would permit of its being dis-j cussed in all its bearings; and a select com-j mittee should have been appointed tojreceivo evidence and report to the House as speedily' as possible. A quarter of the land rovenue is! devoted by law to immigration purposes, and was not this a proper time for the. Government to say what they "intended] to do in tho matter of immigration? £56,000, or a quarter of tho -amount ap- propriated by law, is to be spent upon immigration, and it is not said whether thol ngent-general is to exerthimself in this matter., The question of immigration is intimately; connected with that of railway extension-j for it is worse than useless to malte railways! if thero is no population to use them. It. appears to me that tho plan suggested by the. late Ministry would havo been a sounder' and a safer1 one. The only pressing neccs-| sity the Government had for a loan, was to make provision for the completion of the waterworks, which swallow ed up so much unproductive capital. The late Government, looking at that fact, and seeing we were not| prepared with sufficient information to war- ; rant any Government in coming down j with a scheme of railway extension, pro-1 posed that a sum should be raised suffi- cient to recoup the revenue for certain j amounts expended on public works, and a'so i to completo the works for water supply. The ¡ present Government adopted the same plan, j with the difference that they proposed to raise by debentures what wo proposed to raise I by treasury bills, with a twelve months' ' currency. Would it not havo been better to go to the London market and raise £500,000 on five per cent, treasury bills, which would be at a premium 1 I believe twelve months' currency treasury billswouldhavefetched more money than debentures. Everyone I spoke to on the subject was satisfied that these bills would have been disposed of at a consider- able premium, and that £102 would have boen the lowest price. In New South Wales, whose credit was not so good as ours, theso bills sold at a premium. An excellent autho- rity tells me that if such bills were issued now there would be a great demand for them, as so much money is lying in the banks at low rates of interest. They would have been at a considerable premium, because they would bave been convertible at any time inio cash, and would have served all the practical purposes of a bank deposit receipt; A gentle- man who is on authority assured me that ho, could have placed the whole £500,000 at once. ' The House is not in possession of sufficient < information to deal with the proposed loan. ' It would have been better to raise money J enough on short-term paper in this colony to complete the waterworks at once, and then go to the London market. I am assured that S £500,000 had boen raised here, tho bills would have reached*five:per cent, premium", There are points upon which it seems to rat the House is entitled to fuller information. I eau scarcely go the length of voting against the second reading of this bill, but still I sub- mit that we oujiht not to be hurried, but bp allowed ample time for investigation and con- sideration. Hon. membors would then b'e placed in amuch better position to deal with the question with credit to themselves anti ad van tago to the country, i. ' Mr. BLAIR, complained that the bon. mom her for West Melbourne seemed haunted by the phantom ghost of his celebrated deficit, and suggested that the other lion, members should onter into a compact for the purpose of keeping that ghost beyond the precincts of the Houso. (Here Mr. Langton rose, and, bowing to the-Speaker, left tho House,) He condemned in strong terms the conduct of that lion, member in not romaining to hear the reply to his remarks, and alsb his Cassandra-like prophecies of a fail- ing revenue and an increasing debt. The bon. member reminded him of a not dissimilar member of tho British Parliament, Mr. John Wilson Croker, to whom Sir Robert Peel affixed the nickname of "Sanguino Despondency Croker," a name which might well he used in the present instance. Hu (Mr. Blair) declared that ho carne to the ques- tion before the Houso without^ partiality, and with a feeling that his close study of th'e dctails enabled lum to give an almost judi- cial decision. He had listened'attentively to the statement of the bon. Chief Secretary, which divided itself iuto two parts,,one relat- ing to finance, and tho " other to' practical construction. Ho (Mr. Blair) was perfectly satisfied that that statement was unexcep- tionable. With our elastic resources, our enterpribhig and increasing population, and steady levenue, there was no doubt whatever of our capacity to undertake this additional burden, even though we had to raise addi- tional revenue in order to pay the inte- rest, no urged, however, that tho public debt should bo of a homogeneous kind, and described it as a blunder that our de- bentures should bear different names on the Stock Exchange. The issue of Treasury bills was not to be allowed, but he quite approved the Government scheme of borrowing money at one per cent, below tho interest paid hitherto, and declared that it was better poli- tical arithmetic to pay five per cent., with debentures at par, than six per.cent., with debuntuies at 114. But there was something to be said on the other side ; and it was a slight defect in the otherwise admirable statement of the Chief Secretary, that he had not given clear details showing the definite limits of cost; This much might be admitted on that head, however, that in parliamentary experience it was an almost invariable fact that estimates prepared beforehand contained a large clement of fallacy. The cost was always more, and the returns always less,' than the estimate ; and as this had happened once before, when our first Victorian linea were constructed, it was most desirable that the same thing should not occur again. Ile also demanded that the Government should give something more than a pledge that they would undertake a system of retrenchment to be earned far enough to pay tho interest) on the new loan during the unproductive years of the- constiuction of the works,- without any additional taxation, ne was aware that the Chief Secretary had promised on tho Ereceding evening that this should bo done ; ut more than a mere promise was required, and a plan showing how the savings would be realised ought by this timo to have been laid on the table. He warned tho House not to repeat tho blunder of the Canadian Go- vernment, who, when the spirit of enterpriso in that colony was most rampant, rushed into, the London money market, built a magnifi- cent central line of railway, and now j with a revenue of two millions per annum, or only two-thirds of the Victorian revenue (though possessing a population five times as large as1 ours), was saddled with a dobt of foul tuen! millions and a half sterling. It was incum-, bent upon Victoria to pay the interest upon this new debt without increasing taxation in any way, and, last of all, without forcing the land revenue to make up a deficit. Another condition which it was im- perative to regard was that of carefully drawing up the specifications of the work ; for it would never do to experience again that which happened in respect to our first Victorian lines, viz., to have sent in a gigantic bill for contractors' extras, after it was understood that the whole account had been settled years befpre. One of the practical conditions to bo observed -a simple principle which he had held on the subject for eleven years-was this, that the Government ought not now, or at any future time, to take into its consideration the ques-' tion of constructing branch lines. (Hear, hear.) The state should limit its action in' this matter to the construction of trunk Unes of railway,'and should throw on the districts themselves tho task of forming the branch lines. The main lines were national works,1 the branch lines were only for the benefit of the districts in which they were forrried. The proposal to construct a Uno from Castlemaine to Maryborough he regaidcd as blank ab- surdity. The idea of a line from Hamilton' to Portland, although a vost conception,! was a mere piece ot Western impudence.! (Laughter,) It was trilling with the common' sense of tho House to lay before them suchj documents as were brought forward in sup- port of some of these projects, with tho assumption that they would not only read them, but also give credence to them. He1 held in his hand such a statement in re- ference to a proposed lino from Melbourne to Sale, upon which the country was asked to construct this railway. He found that the 'population of Sale, all told, was 1,030 persons. There was "an estimate, of "traffic on the proposed line, signed by a Mr. Higgins, C.E., who reckoned the goods traffic alone at no less than £100,000 per annum, whereas there was no doubt that a tenth of this amount would be nearer the mark. The passenger traffic was estimated at £31,600 per annum. Why, if all the popu-! lalion on this line spent all their time in going forward and back, if thoy lived in the carriages altogether, they would not -make) up half of this amount. (Laughter.) This seemed a joke to the House, but he wished' them to remember that this was a docu-! ment coming before them with the stamp! of Parliament, a public document, to which, they were expected to give credence. Hoi was forced to tho conclusion that the line proposed by the Government was the only line that met the condition ho had laid down. It was the third trunk line, andi tho lost trunk line that remained to' bo constructed. Ho gavo his fuU assent to the construction of this line, but hoped that. in carrying it out the Government would adhere to their promise,, and . avoid all, extravagance of expenditure. The only j reason why aU existing lines of railway had ¡ not been from the first reproductive lines, ' paying all expenses and something over, ! was because the predecessors of the present ' Ministry, who brought forward tho first rail-1 way scheme, though professing to bo as honest, as the present Ministry now professed to be, did not faithfully observe in the sequel the inevitable financial and practical conditions ] attaching to their enterprise. (Hear, hear.) Mr. BUTTEES would take occasion,to! allude to some reference made by the hon. member for West Melbourne (Mr. Langton) to a proposed . issue of Treasury bills during the period of his treasurership. In replying to the assertions of that bon. member it required no laboured statement, nor any great skill in figures, to find the value of a hve per cent, investment for a twelve months period. It was to be re- membered that at the time of the proposed issue of Treasury bills the banks in Mel- bourne were giving fourpor cent, on deposits, and the corporation of Melbourno at that time weie issuing six per cent, bonds at 103, the securities of the corporation being, for a limited amount, equal to the security of tho colony'of Victoria. The simple means of showing the value of the proposed fivo per cent, bills was'to test them by seeing what would be the value of the 'bill' at the' end of tho twelve months. Tho Treasurer w as to issue his £100 bul, for which he cal- culated ho would receive £105, and then, after keeping this bul for twelve months, tho holder woulu only 1>e entitled to receive back for it the same amount. Referring to the general question before the House, he hoped that the Government entertained nointcn: tion of making an alteration of the character of the loan from debentures to, stock, as he considered that such a change would bo very injurious to the borrowing power of tho colony in the English-money market.-, -Thero -was indeed an objection to tho present character of our securities, arising from tho fact that different debentures fell duo. at different dates. A debenture might, have the fuU period of fourteen years yet to run, ? or it might fall duo in five or six years, by which difference its value to the purchaser was affected. It would bo an advantage to con- vert these debentures into Btock all fall- ing due at a certain date : and also to provide a sinking fund to meet this stock when due. Ho thought that this question would have to be taken into consideration by the Go- vernment at some future time. Ho also thought that it would bo well for tho Government to impress on the agcnt- gcueral of the colony in London the desirability of attending to the legalising of the securities of the colony, so as to render them suitable, for trust funds in England. These alterations would materially improve the position of the securities in the English money market. The altered rate of the interest was the only diffi- culty likely to be-met-with in placing thjo loan on the English money market, and it would create great consideration and discus- sion. ,.,This was the gravest subject that the, ngent-ganeralwoald havo to deal within plac- ing the loan. He, howevor, had no doubt that With careful management the loan would bo taken up at par. As to the question of route, he remarked that no statistics had been fur- nished to show the, propoition of population, to the milo on the several projected lines. On making the requisite calculations, be found that tho proportions were-on the Murray line, 300 persons to the milo ; on the Western line, 180 to the mile ; and on the Gipps Land line, 140 to the mile. Tho proposed line from Portland to Hamilton was one which he believed would soon claim the imme- diate attention of the colony, and taking the population of that district at 23,000, and allowing for the proportion of inhabitants of South Australia who would be likely to mako use of it, the number of persons per milo would bo 450, a number which compared favourably with any of tho figures before given. It might be very well for tho colony to spend two millions of money in tho at- tempt to secure a portion of the trade of New South Wales, but they were also to remember that the Adelaide people proposed to spend something like one million of money to get a part of the trade of this colony in tho Western district. It was proposed that this Une should tap some sixty miles of back country, in order to tap the garden of the west and a country which annually produced 2,240,000 lleeces. If it were of such importance for the South Aus- tralian Government to tap this district in the west, tho subject ought to bo carefully con- sidered by the present Government, in order to protect the trade of the colony ; and he was glad that the Minister of Railways had stated that after the completion of the Ovens line a short line from Portland to Hamilton would receive favourable consideration. He believed it would be highly beneficial in a commercial point of view, and its saving in the matter of Customs ought not to be overlooked. He understood that the cost of tho line would not exceed £250,000, but let them tako it at £300,000. If they could have a traffic of £40,000 a year upon it, and if they could save £50,000 a year in Customs, that was equiva- lent to three years' purchase of the line. He believed that the Ovens line as a main trunk line claimed precedence over the others, and for that reason it was his intention to sup- port it, but while doing so he must press upon the Government the necessity of pro- viding for the requirements of the west. Mr. GRANT said that as he was informed some members from the Western district intended to speak upon this question, he would give them some information with re- gard to the occupancy of the land through which the line would pass. He would first take the Western lino from Geelong to Hamil- ton, which was about 138 miles in length. For the first ten miles out of Geelong to Lako Modewarre the line would pass entirely through purchased lands held in small nro perries. Prom Modewarre to Colac, a dis- tance of twenty-eight miles, the whole of the country had been sold-in large blocks. From Colac to Camperdown, twenty-four miles, every foot of the country was sold on both sides of the line, and held in large blocks of from 5,000 to 50,000 acres. Mr. ' CONNOR. - What about south of Colac? I Mr. GRANT said that to the south of Colac there was a very small settlement on a very hea% ily-timbered country. From Colac to Camperdown there were not, however, half a dozen estates of 5,000 acres-the rest being in .blocks of not less than 10,000 acres. Tho dis- tance from Camperdown to Mortlake was twenty- two miles, and with the exception of some settlement on the small areas that re- mained to bo dealt with under the present Land Act, tho whole of that country was also sold. In that distiict there wero about 780,000 acres, and at the time of tho coming into operation of the present Land Act there wero not 100,000 acies remaining in the handB of the Crown. Fioni Mortlake to Penshurst, a distance of 32 miles, the line passed entiiely through pui chased land, in large blocks, used entirely for pastoral purposes. For a distance of twenty milos on each side of the line the whole of the land has been alienated. From Pens- hurst to Hamilton the distance is sixteen miles, and the line would intersect a number of tmall properties-the country, however, to the northward and southward being held in large properties. He might also mention that there was a small amount of settlement to the southwaid of Camperdown. The total result, of these figures was"that out of tho whole distance oi 138 miles, for forty-four miles the lino passed through small proper- ties, and that for ninety-four miles it passed tlnough large propeitics held by sixteen in- dividuals ; that was on average of six miles of railway to each of thoce large landed proprie- tor. Thesefacts were indisputable. Hon. mem- bers would not suppose that he was adverse to the interests of the centres of population It was the desire of the Government to see all centres of population connected with tho metiopolis, and to promote i ail way communi cationwithaUpaitsof thecountry. Now, what ought to bo done in this caso? He thought that the example which had been set by the laTge landed proprietors in tho Highlands of Scotland should bo followed here, and ' that our laige landed proprietors should make the line for themselves. They had got the land at an average price of about £15s. per ncie, and he supposed that by making a rail- way tbiough tho property it would be in- creased fivefold in value to them. ' Mr. CONNOR asked what about the town- ships ? , , Mr. GRANT said there weio five townships, and he was sure it would bo the desire of the House to facilitate the trade of these town- ships. But the country was locked, and, so fur as this scheme was concerned, it would not unlock it. It would íequire some other species of legislation, in the shape, possibly, ofi resuming possession of theso lands atsomei future timo to unlock thom. Ho was very much surprised at the statement put for- ward in the petition in favour of the western line presented to-night. It prayed that Crown land along tho line should bo re- served from sale and leasing. Now ho plodged the professional knowledge of the department and his own word, after caiefully going over the matter, that along tho whole of that hue from Colac to Camperdown there was not a single square mile of land belonging to tho Crown. Taking now tho Albury line, from Melbourno tothodividingrangenearKihnoro, twenty-eight miles, it passed through alien- ated lands entirely, the properties being in, modeiato sizes, and generally cultivated ; but no Crown land remaining within a distance of fifteen miles on either side. From the divid- ing i ange to Seymour, twenty-four miles, it went partly through Crown land andpaitly alienated ; the properties moderate size, with large settlement in the neighbourhood of Kilmore. Fiom Seymour to Avenel, twelve miles, it went principally through lands selected under the Amending Land Act, 1865. From t Avenel to Wangaratta, seventy-two miles, passing through or near Longwood, Euroa, Violet Town, and Benalla, consider- able centres of population ; except at tho points mentioned, the Une went through Crown lands. At Wangaratta there was con- siderable agricultural settlement, arising chiefly under tho Amending Land Act. From Wangal atta to Albury, foi ty miles, tho Uno went principally through Crown lands partly auriferous and partly agricultural. They had got, therefore, the whole of .the north-eastern territory in tho hands of the Crown. (AnnoN. MEMBER.-"What is tho good of it?") There was some part of the tcrritoiy about Mitta Mitta which contained some of the finest agricultural land ia tho country, and equal to anything in i tho Western district. Thero was also a largo extent of available land on the banks of the rivers. ' Mr. M'LELLAN asked what about the Uno from Ararat to Hamilton.;, " ._,,, Mr. GRANT believed^hat it would boa veiy good Une, and that it would pay, but tho land was aU sold, with tho exception of afow acres. With regard to the Uno proposed from Ballarat to Hamilton byway of Skipton, after they left that town thero was scarcoly a single farm-steading in tho wholo of tho country,. with the excoption of one or two which had been recently put up. Mr. M'LELLAN asked what if land had not been reserved for a Uno from Ballarat to Ararat ? , Mr. GRANT believed that land had been reserved for that line. Mr. LONGMORE said that the Govorn mont had taken up this subject with the fore- gone conclusion to make the Ovens railway. The popultaion, represented as being 50,000, was a myth, and the Houso was entitled to have statistics of a definite character bofore being called upon to approve the Government scheme. Thebon. memberthencontendudthat insufficient attention bad been poid to tho pro jected ''line "between' Maryborough.' and Bal- lal at. The land of the district between those places had fetched an average of £3 per .acre when sold by the Crown, and was now in the highest state of cultivation. Here,was a line of forty-five miles passing through Creswick Clunes, Back Creek, Majorca, and Mary- borough, with a population equal to tlia^of the w bolo district traversed by the Ovens and Murray Uno from end to end. The mines in the neighbourhood word the best and richest in the colony ; every available piece 'of land had been taken up by selectors under the 42nd clause ; the annual value of rateable property in the district was £133,000 ; and a million of bushels of wheat wore grown annually as against 270,000 bushels in the Ovens and Murray District. Be- sides, tho traffic of this small line in ma- chinery alone would add largely to the re- turns of the Ballarat line. Yet all this was to bo given over because tho Government had arrived at a foregone conclusion that the Mun ay was to bo tapped higher up ¡ and why was this, except to serve the squatters of Riverina and tho merchants of Mel- bourne at tbo expense of the whole country ? Ho contended that it would bo far better to commence the three lines at once, and make, say twenty-two miles of the Maryborough Uno, as fai as Clunes, forty or fifty miles of the Western line, and sixty miles of the Ovens and Murray line. No more money need be borrowed ; and the returns from the three lines earned so far would bo greater than irom the Ovens and Murray Une carried the whole distance, and the expense need bo no more than that involved in carrying out three distinct contracts on one Une. He should voto against the motion. On the motion of Mr. MACGREGOR, tho de- bate was then adjourned till next day. The remaining business having been post- poned, the House adjourned, at fifteen minutes past cloven, tiU foui p.m. next (this) day. 