\- MELBOURNE. frBOM OC2 OWS COEEESPOSD EST.] Thursday, 17th December. . This morning the man John Lindsay alias "Derwent liugget" "was brought up at the City Police Court, charged with the murder of John j Harper, at Deniliqnin. Detective Mainwaring ■ proved the arrest of the prisoner at Mr ■\yilliam. Brown's station, Anderson's Creek. Prisoner - at first: denied that he ever was at Deniliqnio; and afterwards he admitted that he was the man the police were after. He stated that they were all drinking at Taylor's, and that he ran away into the hush in the horrors of drink. He did not know anything of the murder until the next day, when aman told him that the police , were after Him for stabbing a roan in the. leg. He says he can remember nothing of the murder. A wool sorter named Patterson gave evidence as to the prisoner being the man ascused of the murder. He was remanded to Deniliqnin. The detectives were keeping a very sharp lookout on the steamer Yon Yangs to- day, as it was suspected that Mr Cullimore would in all probability endeavor to get away by the vessel. This person, who, it will be remembered, lately deserted his wife and absconded with some of the property belonging to the Prince of Wales Com pany, Ballarat, ol "which he was the manager, is snoposied to be at Qaeenecliff, from wbicb place it ib expected be will attempt to embark. Messrs Haig Brothers exhibit in-their window to-day some ostrich feathers taken from the birds now on the station of Mr S. Wilson. Some of them have been curled and dyed by Mr Robert son, and some left in the natural state. Although not nearly equal to the best African feathers, they are still very fine. The cartoon in Punch this week is a sharp criticism on the Rev Mr Henderson's leeture on the Deluge. The reverend lecturer is seated in his study with an open bcok before him, bearing the title "Hugh Miller's Testimony of the Rocks." The shade of the author stands by pointing to the open page. Underneath are the words "Bowled out." The ghost of Hugh Miller says "Thou shalt not steal." 