GENERAL NEWS. ; T|m;. Court o£ Disputed ."Returns:met this morning in the matter of the petition * against the return"of Mr. J. Dunn, for Mount jBarker. - -The Court decided that it had no jpower. to enquire into the genuineness of the ;signatures,to the petition; and after the trans jabtioh of'some business of a purely formal, ! character, it adjourned 'tmtil Friday next. On Tuesday morning Messrr. Town send, Bottingj & Kay sold, . at their mart,; two nuggets from the Jupiter:Creek' gold' diggihgS for£10. ■ There are some samples of ore from the Potosi and Ben Lomond silver mines now to be seen in Green's Exchange, with accompanying assays. The Ben Lomond stuff is strongly stained with copper, and the assays—of which there are two—are by Mr. G. Francis, oneof them showing 28 ozs. and the other 91 ozs. to the ton. There are several assays of the Potosi ore by Mr. J. A. James, of which the two best give 25 ozs. and 78 ozs. to the ton. This ore is perruginous. A temperance meeting in connection with the South Australian District of Recha bites was held in the Primitive Methodist Chapel, Norwood, on Monday evening, Mr. Thos. Rhodes in the chair. Addresses were de livered by Messrs. Holland, Maley, Alcock, and Madge to a very good and attentive congrega tion. At'the close of the meeting the Ark of Refuge Tent, No. 32, was duly opened by the District Deputy Ruler, Brother M. H. Madge, assisted by D.T.Holland. D.S. Alcock, P. D.C.R. Rhodes,- - P.-GiR. — Brice, D.R. Moore, and Brothers Madge and Tapscott. The D.D.R. declared the Tent duly opened. The D.T. read the dispensation which had been granted by the District for opening the Teht. The following .officers; were duly elected:—^Brothers Thos. Rhodes, P.C.R.; W. Fisher, C.R. ; "WV Hill, jun., D.R.; H. F. Newberry, Secretary; John Bray, Steward; W. J. Newberry, Steward; W. "Woods, Levite; G. Cargey, Guardian ; axd W. Hill, sen., Treasurer. The usual business being concluded, the Tent, which has a good prospect of being a flourishing one, was duly closed.— Communicated. . . The: monthly meeting of, the Philo sophical Society will take place to-night. - This eyening the annual soiree of the Lefevre-terrace "Young Men's Society will he held in the Baptist Church,. Lefevre-terrace. We are informed that:: Mr. Gr. T. Marston has'succeeded Messrs; J. ,G. Thompson and Co. as special agent for Reuter's Company at Ceylon. . .. ( At the meeting of the City Council on Monday,.Mr. Councillor Pulsford withdrew his motion for calling, a meeting of the citizens to ndnnfc a sixnennv rate. ' ' . Many head of cattle have died from cold, caught during the last rains. Both horse3 and cows have- succumbed, particularly where cows were calving at the time. : The Aim an da appears to be a great, fact, judging from;the yield of silver,.. of which we understand upwards of 530 ounces were brought into town on Saturday evening. I It -will be' interesting - to some of our readers to hear-'that Mr.-John Sprod, of Nor wood, JonOf Mr. J._H. N.: Sprod; and formerly one of Mr! Young's pupils, has passed the pre liminary'- examination- of the Boyal College of Surgeons in Ireland. ■ ' Some of our readers will remember that Captain ;de - Steiger, of the Orient, had with him on his recent visit' tb South Australia a re markably fine1 dog of the St." Bernard breed, -^hich became a great favorite on 'Change. "We, are sorry"to hear by a private letter that poor . Eion has met with a sad fate, having perished' in a fire at Limehouse.' Capt. -Heath, of the Cynthia schooner, which arrived at the Port on Monday morning, informs. us .that. about 2 o'clock on Sunday morning a fire broke out at the head station building of Messrs. Sogers,. Lander, &.Stevens's station, and. did great damage. The Victoria Eegia at the Botanic Har dens is now in bloom. We are indebted, to the courtesy, of Br. Schomburgk for the following interesting particulars of the blooming of this; extraordinary plant:—On the 20th the first, bud was- discovered, and,on the 28th, about,5 p.m., the flower-began to open. A few hours before it expanded the bud was seen to move itself as far: as possible in one direction, then back again in a semicircle. , It finally raised itself out of the water to'rest and expand upon the .young leaf-with which.it.was produced. The 'flower is very fragrant, the perfume being that of. a pineapple. At'the present time it is over -13 inches in diameter, the largest leaf, being 5 feet 2 inches. . . On Monday, September 28, we had an opportunity of seeing a number, of seals which " have been made to the order of the Independent Order of Oddfellows, Manchester Unity. There , are 79 in number; 75 representing the various branches, and four representing the districts of the Order. The frames and fittings, which con sist entirely of ironwork, were made by Mr. S. Strapps, ironfounder, of Currie-street, the die having been engrayed by Mr. Schmidt, of Gawler-place.. The painting—a black Japan ground and -gilt lining—was ' done by Mr. F. Hagedorn, of Hindley-street. _ The press— which has-been finished in a highly creditable manner—in every respect is superior to the im ported one, and costs but a few shillings more, with the advantage of having several additional words introduced. On Moiiday evening the Carandini company appeared again at the Theatre Boyal to a better audience than they have usually had. The'demands upon our space in consequence of the arrival' of the English mail preclude' ex-' tended notice, but the singing of Madame Carandini and her daughters-was as much en joyed as ever. Among the gems of the evening were the duet " Of Fairy Wand," from "Mari tana," by Miss' Eosina Carandini and Mr. Sherwin; " The Bonnie Hills of Scotland," by Miss Fannie Carandini-; and-" What a merry, merry life we Gipsies lead," by the company. Several encores were responded to, the most en thusiastic being that , awarded to Miss Fannie for " The Bonnie Hills of Scotland." To-night is a command night, whenHis Excellency Colonel and Mrs. Hamley are expected to be present, and there is a tolerable certainty of a brilliant house, judging from the tickets that have been taken. On Monday evening the intercolonial chess match was resumed. It not being gene rally known that the Melbourne Club had agreed to .finish the games there was:not such a crowd at the Telegraph Office as oil the previous evenings of the tournament. At half-past 9 Mr. Steele's Victorian opponent in No. 1 game re signed, the Adelaide side thus winning the first game. Mr. Thwaites, of No. 7, lost Ms decided advantage by' ohb mistaken1' move," and it be came evident that he could only hope fpr a draw. . Thishe did not succeed in forcing.: At the 70th move Mr. Thwaites requested his op ponent to ,count 50, moves, there being king and castle on his" side'against king and queen on the Victorian side. An injudicious move with the castle broke, the charm of per petual ' motion,' -and ;at the l2th: move after counting began Adelaide yielded at 3.30 a.m., checkmate being imminent. There were 82 moves in this game, which, although long, was played rapidly. At 4 a.m. games 3 and 4 were ,| unfinished, and there was no prospect of a very speedy termination. The chances were all against Adelaide, and-Mcssrs. Scott and Char lick's best hope was in bringing about a draw. At 4.30. the Melbourne Club proposed that the Adelaide players ih Nos. S and 4 should resign, to wMch a reply was given that they did not consider the chances of a draw. _ Melbourne then senta message that they were willing either to draw the games or play rapidly to a finish. At 4.50 Mr. Scott resigned, and game No. 4 dfagged wearily on'till 6.10, when Mr. Charlick declined to play any longer. He professed to .believe that he was not defeated, but this was absurd. The game had been lost for hours, and J it was merely killing time to carry it oh. On Monday evening a most cruel act was perpetrated at Dry Creek by some 'person or persons unknown—the victimbeinga valuable horse, the property of a Mr. Tennant, sheep farmer, of Port Lincoln. ' From what wo can learn it appears an aboriginal native in. the employ of Mr. Tennant was coming into :Ade»[j laide on the horse and stopped-at the Gepp's Cross Inn for a short time, where bethinks he must have gone, to sleep, for after coming into town he found that he had been robbed to the extent of about £3, and on taking the horse •to the John • Bull Yards,' it was -dis covered that -the' horse- was bleeding pro fusely—the result of some 20 stabs which had been inflicted, as the native thinks, by some soldiers, for he, states that the only per sons ho saw about the Gepp's Cross Inn when he stopped were four soldiers and two females. The horse had been ridden pretty freely, and from the loss of blood, which the native states he was ignorant of, the unfortunate animal was almost exhausted. We may mention that the parties at the John Bull, on hearing the cir cumstances, requested the native to accompany them to the Detective Office, where he was care fully searched; but nothing was found that would give any suspicion that the cruel deed had been committed by him. [ On Monday evening, September 28, the nineteenth half-yearly soiree of the Trinity Church Young Men's Mutual Improvement Society was held in the Trinity Church School room, which was nicely decorated with flowers, &c; , for the occasion. There was a very large attendance, many persons being obliged to stand. The chair was occupied by Mr. S. Tomkinson, who in commencing the proceedings referred to the benefits he, in common with others, had received from attending a Young Men's Society. They were of great use, and many advantages were to be derived from them. He then; called on Messrs. T. "WY Lyons and A. - James, who gave the duet "Mow gently Deva." After a recitation by "Mr. A. McDonald, Mrs. T. Lyons sung " Gentle Trou badour," which made way for the first portion of the Bev. J. Gardner's lecture on Elocution. In commencing his lecture Mr. Gardner said, in compliance with a request by the Bev. Sir. Beid that he would £ive a lecture he came before them on that occasion. He referred to poetry, painting, and music as the fine arts, the former being the music of the heart, painting pleased the eye, and music was the melody of the soul. The next position, he thought, might be fairly given to eloquence—the art of distinct articulation of utterance. For this a good voice was necessary, and the baritone was considered, best. The rev. gentleman related an anecdote of Professor."Wilson, of Edinburgh, who had a' very fine voice, of which he was net a little proud. A conversation between the Professor andthe.Ettrick Shepherd (James Hogg) was given by Mr. Gardner, and as the latter spoko in his native' tongue, there was considerable laughter. The rev. gentleman went on to speak of errors in writing and spelling, and of woman's voice, which though the softest, sweetest, and most musical, might, if not pro-, perly trained, be spoilt. In like manner, the tone of man's voice, though noble and com manding, if it had not undergone proper train ing, would be entirely lost on the hearers. He thought that'by a proper, training of the human voice, many firesides would be rendered doubly' attractive, and many happy hours might be spent with some of their best authors. Painting was well, but it only afforded amuse ment to one; music the same, but both, he: thought, rendered the palm to eloquence. By a proper use of this, both amusement and in struction could be combined. The height of eloquence was to make the hearers forget the actor while: their interest was centred o£l the character represented. The lecturer concluded the first portion of the lecture amid great' • applause. .Mr. A,. James sung in a masterly manner .the song' ""When Time Hath Bereft Theefollowed by Mr. A. Mullen, who gave a recitation.. The:first part of_ the programme was concluded, by Miss Yaughan singing her well-known song " Kathleen Mavourneen." The second half of the evening's entertainment was commenced by two songs followed by a reading from one of Dickens's works. After a duet by Messrs. T. W. Lyons, and A. James, the Bev. Mr. Gardner illustrated the second portion of his lecture by reciting "Young Lochinvar " and _ the " Haunted House," in a manner, that elicited rounds of applause. This was immediately attended by Sir. C. .Lyons singing "Molly Asthore." The next on'the programme" was" a scene from Shakespeare's play of "Hamlet," in which Messrs. W. Shakespeare, F. Oalf, A. Mullen, and 0. Potter took part's. i For the better -rendering of the moonlight encounter between "Hamlet and his" father's ghost the.'lights' were turned down," but the.: effect, of .the scene' was . con siderably marred; by *a continual request from' some person- behind that the . ghost would speak a little louder, which, of course, , rendered the keeping of a serious face almost' impossible. The song "Lily Bells," by Miss Yaughan, concluded the evening's entertain ment. -The Rey.'.R. Reid, in a few appropriate remarks,''moved a" vote of "thanks to the rev. lecturer, Mr. Gardner, which was carried by acclamation. The Rev. J. Gardner, in return ing thanks, said he should carry away with him on the next day" very happy recollections of his last night in Australia.; He had sought to do good both amongst his .own., people and others, and if any person from Australia should; visit the lovely isle to which be was going , he'hoped they would'give him a call, and he would wel come them the same as.he always had done in Anstralia. Mr. S. Toms proposed a vote of. thanks to the Chairman and the performers," which was also carried by acclamation. The meeting broke up by the singing of " God Save'., the Queen." ' ' . " 