UNDER THE VERANDAH. [ . — ? ? -&\- — ; ? \ Tho Reverend Fathers of the Rotf Catholic Church have bean a good deal wt ried of late for teaching Pat how to vc Perhaps Pat Ukos to be taught, and app' ciates the willingness of his clerical snper. to keep him in tho right groove — in tho pi; of the faithful. Clerical interference in polil IS nnf. ilftWflVAr HmU.oil in th« P Pa. Tnn rejoices in an Anglican church known as j B John's. The. incumbent is a gentleman tM strong political views, and strong in every yi| m, — ro.illy a man of great weight and of j. M doubted substance. I should rather not boi 8 front of him when he struck out straight frj W the shoulder,, and as a cricketer he puuisi g tho field terribly. . Now the parson has [m doubt absorbed from his brother, the Hon. \ M H. Fellows, a certain political bias, or else I S has fprmed political ideas of his own. I qu! m tion, however, whether the pulpit of St. Joh| m Ohnroh andlaBt Sunday wero exactly the ) m ting place and time for a political diatribe. 1 M day was het and the ohurch wasn't over full| M that the Reverend Father Fellows had less ( M portuhity for . disseminating his valua^ S opinions upon the result of the late electi^ i than would otherwise have been the case. * I would no doubt havo been satisfactory to - B entire swelldom of this , aristocratip neighbl 8 hood to have listened to their pastor assui1? i them that many persoas had lately, obtaii) m Parliamentary seats who were quite unfit' jl for the position they hnd attained. (His j 1 bellancy, who was present, was no doubt Bhr; m ing in his shoes.) Nor was this. all. SttB had been obtained by persons who had miS promises they would be quite unable to fu} I (His Worship 'the itf.iyor, who was also' H church, 'had instant visions of the' Portl^ a Breakwater, and braced Limsclf for the n|' 1 shot.) But most terrible of all— it was ret 1 shocking to observe the manner in which j M sons of whoso antecedents nothing was knot 1 'or very.little was known, were admitted wii H out question into tho best. Bociety. Ml :W caution ought to. be exeroiseS. , Now this! M but a soupgdn of the harapgae of the Revert M Mr Fellows, who, without going into elect,; jj statistics, or. indicating by . name his Exe, 1 lenoy's advisers, pitched into them hear1- h and with a will in the presence of his Divj I master (and his Excellency) upon the day I .peaoe, of rest,! of prayer and of thanksgivi M His Excellency couldn't reply, nor could | well go out— neither did the Mayor — and as - I parson had them in chancery, he didn't sp. 1 punishment. I shouldn't be surprised at a So: 8 Yarra presentation of an alb and chasuble i 8 a clergyman so thoroughly imbued with a se: I of the exclusive privileges of the best societj | Still there come reverberating from the d I past the fading echoes of incidents at ' I . eleqtion, meetings. The model constituency? 1 I think, Kilmore. If I were going in for i seat in Parliament, I think I should like to oi. I test. Kilmore in the Catholic interest; and w' m the priest to backme. Kilmore logic is.foi S ble, and the arguments are striking. :. I ® instance, whenLarry.B— -, who got the bet B of Jerry D-— — ,'„ held what was i I tended to be an election meeting, w' S his Reverence present as principal suppor m and interlocutor-general, the following was ( 1 course of events as described by a participati i —Sir Burke (who was greeted ?with the wild' g enthusiasnvand a_ congenial rattling of si I lelaghs) wouldn't trespass upon the time of I I meeting. (Cheers and sticks). He had liv m long amongst them, they all know him, ajid., g wanted to sit in Parliament as their memb 8 (Cries of 'You will, Larry.') Why shov 1 he waste their time blathering to them — shi I he'd vote right, and hadn't he the . good we B of the clergy ? (Sticks and enthusiasm agai | The candidate here sat down, and the Revere m Mr ? demanded if anyone desired to a I a question of the candidate. In response; M the invitation a weak-minded Ministerial | propounded a query of obviously insidious t-1; 11 dency, and never was reply obtained quioki' I for in an instant the. questioner had his 1 1 over his eyes, and found that his skin was m I taken for parchment, and the shillelaghs : M drumsticks— nor wore the performers mil amateurs.. After a pause his Reverence ? || quired: -'' Does any other gentleman wiBh| | ask a questisn of the , candidate ?' And, sr' M gular 'as it mny appear, no other gentlen: W did fool himself moved with a spirit of i B quiry ; and the unanimity of tho meeting bei I thus unquestionable, the candidate got \ g usual vote, and the electors of Kilmore, al m beiug complimpnted.by their clergyman on \ 8 orderliness of their conduct, returned to th 1 home3 without further use for their sticks.! i Some people , have a wonderful knack 8 making money. . Their accumulations put c g small stipend are astounding. Mr Coma H sioner Noel had lately before him for examr » tion one Joshua Cowell. That gentleman t g j»03ed that he commenced business partly wf S borrowed capital. Ho borrowed £500 fri | one Margaret SoaUy, whom he had at the ti p known for three months, and. who was living W 8 him as his domestic servant at 93 6d a we1 m Xow here is room for abundant speculati. p, Was it out of the philanthropy or the humi 0, of her disposition that Margaret Scully, -,r ^ £500 of liar oivn, aocepted a menial posit' W iu Mr Cowell*8 houaeLohl at 9s 6d per woe ^ Again, . was .it . ont of previous nine-aud-t, 7 * psncea weeklr that ehe accumulated tho £( '$ sho so considerately lent her master after tb '£ montha' acquaintance with' him ? Of Cor '?£' sho could only haye recoiveel in thirteen wc- ^ J66 8s Cdatthei'ato of wagos sworn toby] ?'?' 'niasSer; but she heaped coals of fire on ', i bead (asw'ell as nj»s bis &eE;#) l^y I«aS&gi; ? £500 to commence business with. Nay, moro^! The ingenuous Miss Scully has become tho mother of several children, of which the obliged Cbwell admtts the paternity. But this isn't all. Tho benevolent Miss Scully bought Mr Co well's furniture for £25, and shortly afterwards bought Mr Cowell's house for '?v £100. If ever there was a .benevolent fairy that fairy's name was Margaret Soully. Fairy- _ like, her transactions were always in fairy gold, and like the fairies, no traces were left behind ! Are there any more Margaret Scullys looking for appointments at 9s 6da \- ? week? ? ? '..???'? The St. Andrew's Gold Mining Company, at Ballarat, is as near a deadlook as the Victorian Legislature. With a delicate touch of sarcasm, which may or may not have been intentional, . a local journal describes its present condition thus : — -' There are now two boards and two . managers, and both parties are acting strictly in accordance with legal advice.' A day or two later a burglary was committed upon the premises of one of the legal managers who had achieved nine points of the law in having' possession of the company's seal, bsoks, papecs and money. The burglars (no doubt aoting strictly in accordance with legal advice j carried off their plunder, and the manager thus robbed (on his part also aoting strictly in accordance with legal advice) ha3 had some parties . brought before the police magistrate on a charge of stealing. Who, can tell what may .. happen next? Just imagine Sir James Palmer (acting striotly in accordance with advice) cribbing the mace, arid trying to pass the Ap propriation Bill withont the Darling vote ! I have a great respect for the hon.' George. ' Harker. I would sooner see him in Parlia ment than at least half a-dozon men' who 3iaven't got in; If I had a vote for his dis trict when he stood he would have that vote.- And I don't mind telling you why. There is a portrait of Mr Harker outside a photographer's door. Mr H.'s hair being of an impracticable kind, and, like some M.P.s, always on its legs, at the first glance I thought it was a portrait of Mr Harker in the act of seeing his first ghost. But I had to abandon that theory, as Mr Harker's eyes in the picture were shut, or, rather cast down upon a book. I almost twisted my neck round in an endeavor to read the faint head-line decipherable on the open page of that book. By biding ray time and standing on my head when the street was quiet and nobody about, I discovered that the book was ' Family Worship !' Now, a man who is so sincerely good that he carries his '-Family K Worship' with him when he goes to be photo graphed, and reads/it studiously during the operation, so moves me to admiration that, he assuredly would have my vote at any time ir respective of his politics. I have been anxiously waiting for further particulars about that remarkable' meeting at St. Francis's school-room. lhaveri't seen any more statutory declarations; diametrically op posed each to the other. . In fact, it would not have been very surprising to find ifsworn that there hadn't been any meeting at all, that Mr Daffy hadn't been present, or that there ' was no such place as St. Francis's- school-room. I have heard (but I will, not make any statutory declaration as to the correctness of what I am . about to say) that Mr Dufiy was not the, only distinguished Irishman who iriade an inflamma-: ; tory speech. Who is there that does not know how powerful is the rhetoric of Mr Patrick , O'B ? ,? He has rather fallen into the rnck of late, but he was a great politician once upon a time. Mr O'B — — is given to mixed meta phor', for in haranguing his Celfcio hearers upon the criminality of the Ministry in ; inciting sectarian rancor, Mr O'B- — -_ (suiting the aotionto the words) declared that they had : 'unsheathed the apple of discord,' and: this might have passed unnoticed bat for an evil minded person in the : audience who instantly supplied the rest of the sentence, 'ay! and cast away the' scabbard of the olive, branch I ' There has seldom been a purer ' sample of confused figures of speech except' ? when the Hebrew gentleman who had disoo ? i vered a job in the Jerusalem town council, probably about the Jericho road, thus ex pressed himself, ' I smell a rat ! I see him floating in the air. But I will nip him 'inihe ? bud.' ' ! ??'.'' .' I don't suppose it is due to the non-passing : of the Appropriation Bill that an officer of H. M. Fourteenth Regiment has been compelled to seek protection from the unpleasant conse : quences of being in debt. Nor can it be at tributed to that generally usefal apology, for the non-disohorge of liabilities that another gentleman belonging to the same regiment f oand himself, says report, suddenly prevented by legal process from leaving Melbourne to join head-quarters at home. The creditors i didn't mind the young gentleman going the pace here, but failed to approve his departure , without his saying adieu. It is surely a happy thought that the eolony of Victoria is going to the devil because the bank deposits have increased by more than a million sterling during, the last twelvemonth. What plainer proof can there be ?~ It is also no . doubt clear to the meanest capacity that we arc very much poorer, because we grovv oar own wheat instead of importing it from South America and South Australia. It is singular that the organs of obstruction have not ' yet got to the end of that jest about 'old hats :'wouldn'tit give something of zest to the jokoto suggestthat the eaid old hats are Mr Bindon's cast-off head- coverings? Why has it : Dot struck any of the Opposition organs to sur mise that tho clouds of thistledown which drifted like snow-flakes throngh the city oa Tuesday were due to the Scotch element in the '. Cabinet? MGIES, 