MR. LUCKIE UNLUCKY To the Editor of the Herald. Sir-My. Lucido bases the claim of his party, which is a section of a denomination, to control secular education, upon his interpretation of the passage-Mat. xxviii 19 20. "Going therefore teach ye (¡laOnTivaart-diBciplize) all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost; teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you, and behold I am with you all days even to the end of the world." Which words he asserts " The Catholic Church has always interpreted to mean that its ministers were to instruct in religion, and supervise secular instruction, that it may never impair the influence of religion." Now, taking the "Catholic Church, in Mr. Locke's sectarian sense of Roman or Papal Church, I deny his assertion, and I challenge him to point out the authoritative interpretation of that passage by his Church, which would make it confer any supervision in bishop or priest over secular instruction. If it exist, he can doubtless show it. Let it be not the opinion of Dr. Polding or of Dr. Ullathorne, who held different views, but the authoritative interpretation of the Church. That passage has always been used by doctors the Church of Home, to prove the perpetual infallibility of the Church in spiritual things ; but if the Church obliged them to include secular in the word "teaching the same presence for " all days " would assure infallibility to this, and so there would result the absurdity of claiming for the Church infallibility also in secular knowledge, which all disclaim. And the idea of our Lord and the Apostle Peter, Mc, supervising secular instruction is something beyond absurdity itself. E But unlucky as Mr. Luckie is in his statement of fact, he is still more unlucky as an advocate for his party, for whom he is candid enough to avow a claim on the part of the priests to " supervise secular instruction," ' &c.; In other words, to weigh and measure out and limit such instruction by their own fears of its leading the pupils to think unconditionally of their own claims to infallibility. This is that against which all enlightened people protest-oven Austria herself will have it no longer, and BUD is Romish enough in all conscience. If Mr. Luckie rightly states the claim he may rest assured that whoever he may persuade or threaten by spiritual prohibitions to patronise schools under such limita- tions, the public money shall never be spent, to promote suppression, censorship, and narrowness of thought, all of which are involved in priestly supervision of secular instruction. ZACHARY BARRY. 