PICKINGS FROM LONDON PUNCH. C4BINKT CDUNT. Thin useful cniupMitioD illustrates a remamoie property of politic il substances- the attraction of cohesion. A house may be dissolved by immersion in hot wafer, but tortified with Cabinet cement. one indispensable piece t-f furniture will remain to create astonishment for iu marvellous tenacity, Benches on which Ministers rely for support are prevented from coming to grief, in common with their occupant«, by aid of this consolidating agent. It is warranted not to coil the most delicate hands. un-l will rvtain its efficacy for any. length of time if kept in the dark. Parties requiring it for packing, can be supplied with it in sticks. Enquire for 'Premier's Patent Cabinet Cement.' The genuine article is distinguished by the Government stamp, to imitate which is felony.— (Advertisement.] FAninSQ WITHOUT LAND. Public attention has lately been directed to tha somewhat prevalent practice of baby ?farming. The persons called bahy-farmrM may, in these euphe mistic day*, perhaps, prefer to call themselves infanticulturists. Certainly, they are not without reason to be ashanad of their name. There Is one remarkable difference between baby-farmers and other farmers. The British fanner is often a Pro tectionist at heart ; but the baby- farmers are utterly hearties*, and by uo means desirous of any lcgk* lutive enactment for the protection of the live stock which they live by diBpouna of. THE BOD, AND HOW TO USE IT. That Dizzy is a schoolmaster— The proof you have before you ; The rod, the rod, you naughty boys— The rod he keeps hunt; o'er you! Venture to vote as you think right. On Brighl's or Gladstone's grounds, And good or bad, he'll fine you round. Each, say, a thousand pounds. For that s the ticket for a seat, Taking the lot together; Though some may manage for a song Klcction storms to weather. And dissolution is the rod Your master keeps in pickle, The tobies of rebellious boys At Westminster to tickle. Then shut up your abusive throat!!, Aud moderate your cholera, And ling small, ax becomes a lot Ut Dizzy's and Uueeu's scholan. NOTUINO LIKE LEATHER. The success of the Abyssinian expedition will probably suggest a happy thought to some in* geuious disciple nf St. Crispin. Completely to render to the conqueror of Theodoras all the honours which by precedent are the due of a vic torious Ueneralissiuio, we muy expect that the name of Napier *ill shortly be given to a now sort of boots. THE LAST NEW 1HLLAD. Mr. Punch— 1 observe by your last number thnt there is a song just published with the title, 'I will not ask to Prat that Ghtek'' 1 know no mote of it than the till', aud therefore trust 1 am in fringing no copyright, interfering with no right ot translation KHeived. in ottering you my notion of what a ballad with such a title should be. Yours harmoniously. Anns Bishop ruHCtXL P.8. Tlie song is a tenor. The statement of ihia fact will also serve to Indicate to you the sum I shall be contented to receive as an acknowledgment, however inadequate, of the time and labour I have bestowed on the composition. '1 will not ask lo press that cheek,' Without a Kuarnntee That nutu'e apreud the pearl and red Which there 1 alway* Mee ; Tin we IuhIious lips 1 will not touch, Unless you promptly k«v Thai their bright hue is fast and true, And will not wa*h awav. Those brilliant eyes may owe their chvai To belladonna « use, Complexion tints, I've heard dark hints, Are changed by walnut juice ; And if 1 ask the de:irimt girl, For whom alone 1 live. For one long tress to kiss and bless, It mayn't be hen to give. The pencilled brow, the raven \na\\\ Are open to a doubt, And some inmtniBt, but iliey'ie unjust. The shape 1 rave about: So in this dubious state of thing*, And as tlie weather's warm, I will not seek to prewi that check, Ur ask to clasp that form. SCIENCE APPLIED TO THE POLITICAL AttTS. I. TO DIS80LVK PARLIAMENT. There a-e two descriptions of Parliament, one perfectly trantpureiit and insipid, the other dark and full nl impurities. According tn the qualita tive analysis of some eminent chemWtR, common Parliament, that is the Pailiaiuentuf commerce, ia cnmnaHed of MinUterial Varnish, Bolt Soap, (ium lteujamin, and Colouring Mutter. From gum Benjun iu. Parliament is supposed to derive its adhesive properties. This substance, though not posgeHHing any peculiar consistency, ii wonderfully plastic, mid may bo moulded into any form by patient in.uiipulatioii. It is, however capable of resisting cimmderuhlo pressure, and while it is itself with dittlculty displaced, U said to have tho somewhat anomalous power, in combi nation witn yueen s metal, oi uissoiving uu uouies to which It iB opposed. Wliu has not observed with admiring interest how the sensative atoms nf Parliament are held In Bupponse, Bonietiinus for weeks, by an occult inHuencri which when in motion resembles flno diixt, producing violent irritation aud intolerable dizziness. II. ELECTORAL AFFINITIES. Gold is a universal political solytnt, specially remarkable for it? electoral attinities. Adminis tered by an expert hand, tumid independence is Fpiedily reduced, and if largely employed, decoin tmHition uf all tho elecUual tissues supervenes. When the auriferous wires of a powerful club battery are brought in contuet with the Poll, which, for thin puipose, umy Ik; considered as an inexhaustible receiver, the Toll becomes positively electrified with venul avidity, the whole body sur rounding the Pull, living charged with a subtle fluid technically called craft. Decomposed electoral tissue h always very offensive, and causes faintness nmong younjc petitioners if exhibited in the House. 'MtfEXOE 00881 P.' Tlie proper thins to use with gun-cotton is shot silk. The cuckoo has Wen heard on Bcthnal Oreen, and the nightingale has commenced siugiog in Short's Gardens. The swallows have returned to the Mansion House. A patent has been taken out for manufacturing pens with cocoa-nilw. Ladies will be pleased to hear that a process liau lieen discovered by which they can electro-plait their hair. Many have burned their fingers by dabbling in petroleum. A scientific ghost-story will nhortly appear In fortnightly numbers, founded ou spectrum analysis. A QUICKSAND. The sand of time. 