CHIIURCH 0F ENGLAND. The Rev. Mr. I Wayn ies thsen installed by his Lordshibp the Biishop as Episcopalian minister at BlBthwell. Recently we mentioned that the Rev. Mr. Brown rigg had been unanimously eloeted to the incum beney of St. John's Church In plac of the Rev. W. H. Browne, LL.D., resigned. The formal institu tion of tihe rev. gentleman took place on Setndey 2nd inst. The Ven. Archdeacon Reibey was the instituting minister, and at the appointed hour took his plaeeat the Communion Table. The Roev W. A. :rooke occupied the reading deIk, while the new Incumbent and the churchwardons (Meesse. Campion, Yeller, and Herrnp), occupied seats in tthe chancel, outside the communion rails. The sreal morning servieo having been read by the IRev. W. A. IBrooke the Archdeacon commenced the institution Rfce, and road the Bishop's letter of institution, immediately after which Mr lonrrep. the minister's warden, pre sealed the keys of the church to the neow ncumbent, nddresslng ter as follows i-" In the name and on behalf of St. John's (Church, I do recolve and acknowledge you, the Rev. Marcus Blake Brownrigg, as incumbent of the samen, and in token thereof give Int your hands the keys of this cheurel." The lev. Alr. brownrlgg then replied as follows :-" I, Marcus " Blake Brownrigg rrceive these keys of the housen of God at your hands, as the pledges of my institution, and of yoer parochial recognition, and promise by the help of God to he a faithful shepherd over you, |netho name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the SHoly Ghost." After prayer olffered, the Arechdeacon \--received the new minister within tite communion raills, nod prrsented him with the Bible and Book of Common Prayer, saying--"ltecelvo these books, nnd •"lot them be the rule of thy conduct In dispensing tile ,,,i. Divine Word, in leeding the devotions ol tSIe people, and ein oxercising the dislcipline eotl tite Churech t end be thou in all things a pattern to the tloek committed to thy care." An anthem was then elanted by the choir. and after the romaining prayers in tite office were said, the Archdeacon ascended the pulpitand preached from the 122nd Psalm, tit verse, In the evening " : the servieewas conducted by Mr. Brownrigc. We con :" gratolate the congregation of St. Jotm's upon tisir S, new minitster, and wish him success In his work. The ladies' of St, Jolhn's Clhareb have proesecnted their late pastor, the ev. 11. ft. lBrowne, TLL D., with n handesome copy of the Holy BScipturcs, illus. trated by Dor, . 