EXCELSIOR." SATURDAY, APRIL 25, 1868 Til little game of playing st Parliamcnts is atill continued in lMelbourne. Since the meeting of the new Parliament, there have been no less than eight adjourn ments with no apparent object, and it is difficult to say when the farce will be played out. Members are evidently becoming tired of waiting in Melbourne from day to day without being able to transact any practical legislative business. Continued dcl?ys do not besides appear to improve the Governor's situation; hiis position is every day becoming more embarrassing, and those who were at one time his warmest friends. are now turned into his bitterest enemies. The organ of the liberal party, in language neither refined nor complimentary, accuses His Excellency of the most vacillatiihg con duct, and hints that the governorship of suddenly termninated if, indeed, it be not already moribund, and concludes a rather severe article by observing that His Excellency " seems to be bent on showing, that whilst he is the worst Governor that k these colonies ever had, he is the worst servant that ever blundered the in structions of his employers." The only reason alleged for this abuse is, that the L. Governor has signified his determination \- to be guided by the instructions which re he has received from the Colonial Office, '- and however ambiguous these instructions may be in some respects, they are at least sufficiently explicit in condemning the inclusion of the Darling grant in the Appropriation bill, and His Excellency, o knowingthat althoughhe might once more recommend the Appropriation Bill with thie 3\. grant included, the Council being aware \- that it could never come before themn in n that shape again, would at once reject it; n consequently he has resolved not to lose time by making the experiment. It was '' perhaps, however, unnecessary for him id when he failed in Iris negotiations with Messrs. Fellows, Riddell, 'llecckett, and a Sladen, to betake himself again to the advice of Mr. M1'Culloch. The late a, Chief Secretary and his colleagues are so hr firmly pledged to their previous policy, 10 that they cannot resume ollice without a. turning round upon themselves and they v will be satisfied with nothing less than the Appropriation Bill with the Darling grant. They are not so anxious in this , state of the quarrel that Lady Darling should obtain this £20,00), as that they should have undisputed control (alike in dependent of the Council and the Go L vernor) over the finances of the colony. If they could be per. suaded to become martyrs to their principles for the sake of the colony, they t. would assume the position of public it benefactors, and might continue to r, govern the country without further in n, terruption for an indefinite period. But or their patriotism will not allow them to make so generous a concession, and the ro Governor is only wasting the public time 'a by encouraging the hope that he will be ig able to persuade the late M?inistry to re ig sume office under a milder policy. It is m evident that his Excellency must look in round for some other means of extricating to himself ocut of his difficulties. He must ar again apply to the good sense of indepen dent members to carry on the Govern. ment, to have the supplies granted to the Crown, and to have the publio funds d rendered available Many of the a members of both Houses of Parliament a. must,by this time,have become thoroughly ie disgusted with the political warfare which a is rapidly working the ruin of the colony, o and is bringing distress on almost every t, class of the community. It would be it absurd to say that there is not a suffi. Scieant number of men to be found in both a Houses to relieve the country from its present embarrassment ; that there are not nine men in the Parliament suffi ciently liberal in their views and possessed of sufflicent talent to enable them to take the reins of government until the supplies are passed. No doubt such men can be found, but they are unwilling to o take office in the face of a large majority, unless his Excellency will grant them the p tower of dissolution in case they should be defeated in the Assembly. Hitherto, the Governor has refused to make this concession, no doubt, being actuated by a desire to save the country from the ex , pense of another election following so soon upon the last. He has, however, no other alternative. He is bound to e obey the instructions which he has received from home and to these instruc. tions the Ministry are directly opposed. If his late advisers were anxious for the passing of the Darling Grant, although opposed to the policy recommended by the Crown, they would, in consideration for the colony, withdraw their opposition to another Administration until such time as the supplies were passed, and after. wards they could find ample opportunities for renewing the quarrel with the Upper Chamber, and could fight out the Con. stitutional Question between the two Houses, upon a more feasible basis. They have no inclination however, to adopt any measure which may hare a con. ciliatory tendency. On Tuesday last the Assembly mat, but on the motion of the Attorney- General the House, whether legally or not, was ad journed uitil Thursday. On Thursday matters hadnlot progressed one degree further towards a settlement, and another adjournment was agreed to till Tuesday next. What is to take place then remains to be set n. The appeal to Mr. I'Culloch has been inelfectual; the lato Ministry have expressed their determination to be content with nothing but the Darling 1 Grant in the Appropriation Bill, and His I Excellency as positively refuses to concede 1 this demand. he beneralimpression is that t hie will again have recourse to Mr. Sladen who it is hinted will guarantee to carry tile Darling grant through tihe Upper House as a separate bill, but that gentle. man cannot undertake to form a new admsinistration utles hIe receirove a definite promise tlhat a dissolution will be granted in ease he should be defeated in the Assembly. It is to be hoped that there will be no occasion to enforce this power; that the late Miinistry will exercise a wise discretion, and withdraw theiir Opp6daition to the passing' of the supplies, and allow thie Gon crnment of the 1l country to proceed, but it iui alsloluihl; necessary that the Gavernoi r shulsll concede thisamuch to any one willii, to nndertspe"to form s nacw Mi.,str,. thrr tiii, couoozy a ;:n u .l1 1 -. :tlsS fliJtest of another general election, there appears to be no other practical solution of our con. tinually increasing complications. A man named Harney was, on Thursday, gored by an infuriated cow on the Glencoe Run, and suffered a fracture of one of his ribs. There are at the present juncture seven persons incarcerated in the Sale Gaol, classified as follow :-Three undergoing a sentence of hard labour, two awaiting trial, and two debtors. The undermentioned persons are requested to call at the Receipt and Pay Office, Sale, for payment of the accounts due to them, viz., J. Johnson, J. Ray, J. Scott, S. Stephenson, and T. Walker. A meeting of subscribers to the North Gippsland Hunt will be held in the Royal Exchange Hotel, at three o'clock this after. noon to arrange general business. Apropos of hunting we might mention that the local hunters Alick, Turpin, Tomcat, and Merry. lass are at present open to private pur chase. We understand that a troupe of local amateur sable minstrels has lately been organised. The company has already com menced practice, and contemplates giving a series of performances for the benefit of local charitable institutions at an early date. It appears after all that the navigation of ft the lakes is temporarily suspended. The r Avon, with a cargo from Port Albert, a attempted to cross the entrance on Wednes. s day evening, but as she found only three feet it six inches of water on the bar, she was com. a. pelled to return to the Port. The Tommy y Norton brought up the passengers to e Clydebank, on Thursday. We may mention, however, that the tides have had no influence on the water for some days, and r consequently, it is noet expected that the pre. st sent interruption of traffic will be of long g continuance. A short time ago we called attention to that interminable question, the clearing of the Latrobe Bar, and we are glad to see teat our remarks have been beneticial in rousing the residents of Sale to a sense of their duty. It will be seen in another part of the paper that a requisition has been presented to the Mayor, requesting him to call a meeting with the object of having the matter again brought under consideration, and that the Mayor, in compliance with the request of the townspeople, has convened a meeting to be held in the Council Chambers at 7 o'clock p.m. on Wednesday, the 29th instant. We trust that the meeting will be well attended, and that a definite course will be adopted. It is unnecessary to point out the many ad. vantages of the work. No people should be better acquainted with them than the in. habitants of Sale, and it is very much to be regretted that the money voted by the Go. vernment for such a desirable object has not been employed for the purpose for which it was granted. If the original contract had been carried out without any hitches or irregularities, vessels might before now have been plying to the Latrobe Bridge. The only remedy which now can be applied is to to go to work de nora, and to act with more system. Although the grant of £1000, passed by a previous Parliament, is suppoased. to have lapsed, we can get a similar smn again placed upon the Estimates, and as there is some hope that our political complications may sometime be terminated, it is advisalde that we set to work to have our claims re. cognised at the proper quarter. We regret to learn that operations at.thb Thomson River Copper Mine have been tem. porarily suspended. It appears'that the tributors were sorely pressed latterly by their creditors, and that as there was no poei bility of getting in calls to meet the current expenses they at last determined to windup the company. The workmen are said to have agreed to accept 10s. in the pound, being all that the working company can afford to pay. It must be understood, however, that the prospects of the mine are still excellent; and that this unfortunate collapse has been in no way produced by any want of confidence in the lode. The mine is bound to become a first-class paying investment in the course of some time, but an undertaking of this kind requires an enormous outlay before any returns can be obtained, and the great diffi culty met with has been that of collecting the necessary capital. It may appear sin gular, but it is nevertheless true, that the present Crisis is the principal cause of the failure of the Thomson River Copper Mining Tributers' Company. We are informed that a largo section of the shareholders are Civil servants, and not having received any money from Government for a lengthened period, they have been unable to meet their calls We understand that fresh arrangements will be made, and that work will be resumed with as little delay as possible. A buggy accident, or rather a series of buggy accidents, happened on Thursday evening. Mr Charles Henderson, of Loy Yang, and Mr A. L. Pearson, were return ing from Stratford in a buggy when they overtook Mesdames Peck and Bushe driving towards Sale in a tilbury and buggy respec tively. One of the springs of the latter vehicle had broken a short time previously, and Mr. Henderson, after having temporarily repaired the damage, vacated his own trap and entered that of Mrs. Bushe with the in tention of driving her home. Little more than half a mile of the distance had been accomplished, however, when the remaining spring gave way, whereupon Mrs. Bushe took a seat in Mrs. Peck's tilbury, and drove onward, whilst Mr. Henderson, alone, fol lowed in their wake at a slow pace in the broken buggy. The ladies had not preceded him far ere another calamity befell them, the horse having stumbled and fallen, precipita ting the occupants out of the buggy with much violence; so great was the force of the concussion that Mrs. Bushe sustained several contusions, and was rendered unconscious for a brief period, and Mrs. Peck suffered a dis location of the wriast, together with sundry abrasions. Mr. Henderson shortly arrived upon the scene of the contretempe, and, having placed the ladies in the tilbury, the party resumed the journey homeward, and in due course arrived at Mrs. Bushe's residence. Mr Henderson now procured another horse for the purpose of driving Mrs. Peck home, which he did, and whilst returning to the stables of Messrs. Pearson, English and Peck, to whom the horse and conveyance be longed, the animal took fright opposite the Criterion Hotel at a number of dogs, and rushed madly down York-street, defying all efforts of Mr. Henderson to control him, and on reaching the inter section of Foster-street, wheeled round so suddenly that the vehicle upset, and Mr Henderson was precipitated out, and, although he alighted several feet from the conveyance, he suffered no injury other than a severe shaking. The horse now charged the shop of Mr Target, dragging the cap sized buggy after him, but the kerb-stone formed too effectual an impediment for this, and the nag, after plunging and lashing out for some time, turned and dashed along the water channel, finally being brought to a standstill by the conveyance coming in con tact with the verandah-post of Mr Anderson's fruit shop. The buggy was much damaged, but the horse escaped uninjured. The Good Hope Company, Crooked.River, have declared a dividend (13th) of 10s per 1800th share, equal to £900, payable on the 21st instant. We have been requested to notify that Grace Egerton (Mrs Case) is now on a visit to Gippsland, and will give entertainments during next week. Messrs Alexander Brothers will repeat their amusing and instructive entertainment at the Raymond-street Schoolroom on Mon day evening, on which occasion a sensational novelty-id est, Professor Pepper's Ghost- will be produced, with an expose of the whole process. This additional attrrt.inn ,enrc,.,- o a bumper house, the more especially as a fourth of the proceeds will be devoted to- n wards thoe funds of the Gippsland Hospital. b We would remind those interested that all f, persons not having paid the first moiety of I rates for the current municipal year by the 1 20th Juno will be disqualified from having their names inserted in the burgess roll. n At the Walhalla Police Court on Saturday last, Geo. Jamieson was committed to stand his trial at the next Criminal Sessions, to be holden at Sale on the 10th August, on a charge of stealing a mare, the property of William Davis. Bail was allowed, the prisoner in £50, and two sureties in £25 each. In the Insolvent Court on Tuesday, a first and only meeting in the estate of Daniel Whitehead, of Walhalla, miner, was held and closed. On Wednesday a first meeting was held in the estate of A. P. Shaw, news- paper proprietor. Insolvent was not in attendance. Nothing was done, and the meeting closed. Another accident consequent upon the careless use of fire.arms has occurred. A man named Keogh was shooting near what is known as Montgomery's Island, on Wednesday morning, when his ramrod, a massive iron one, became fastened in the barrel of the gun in ramming home a charge. Finding all other attempts to remove it in- effectual, Keogh incautiously resolved to blow it out, and on discharging the piece with that object, the barrel burst about 18 inches from the breach, lacerating his left hand, which was hold forward to support the weapon, in a frightful manner. A fragment of metal struck him also on the tip of the ear, completely severing a particle of flesh. Keogh, after having washed the wounds, walked into Sale where his injuries were attended to. A pitiful case of destitution was presented at the Sale Police Court on Tuesday. A man--emaciated, and clad in tattered gar mets -was brought before the justices at the Sale Police Court on a charge of lunacy. It appeared that the poor follow had for some days previously been wandering about the bush in the vicinity of the Hill Top, and although he must have passed the nights without shelter, he was entirely destitute of blankets wherewith to protect him from the cold. The behaviour of the man in Court certainly warranted a supposition that he was bereft of his mental faculties, and the Bench remanded him to gaol for medical treatment. On Tuesday the prisoner-who now gave the name of Thomas Reid-was again brought before the Court, and Drs. Forbes and Arbuckle, who had examined him in the interval, gave it as their opinion that although undeniably an imbecile, Reid was perfectly harmless, and, in fact, no worse than many others who roamed the country at large. Under these circumstances the magistrates had no alternative but to dis- charge him. Reid was immediately after bhrught up under a clause of that truly elastic statute, the Vagrant Act, charged with having no visible means of support, but upon promising to seek employment was liberated, with an intimation that if found in a similar condition again he would be sent to gaol. Owing to the very loose manner in which the Electoral Registrar at Stratford has dis- charged his duties for some months past, a large number of electors-are in danger of being disfranchised. Mr. Gaunt attended the Revision Court at Stratfold on Monday last, but as the registrar was not present, and the list seemed almost unintelligible, he ad joumed the court till Wednesday. On that day he found himself in no better position, and adjourned the court again till Monday, beyond which no further adjournment can be made by the revising bench. It seems that the registrar has been absent in Mel hourne for a considerable time, and it is sup. posed that he has no intention to return to this district, and although an absentee, he has not tendered his resignation. He has appointed a deputy in Stratford, but that deputy is not in possession of the documents required by the Revision Court. There are no butts, no signature book, and no list of electors qualified to vote for the Council; even the Assembly list is almost valuless, fontaining only a few names of electors re. sident on the Upper Dargo, and many of the names upon that list are not supposed to be correct. It is just possible that; before the court sits on Monday next, the registrar may have forwarded a more complete list with thes electoral butts from Melbourne, but if he fail to do so, the revising bench can certify only to the names which are before them, and these only can be included in the electoral roll for the colony. It would cer tainly be annoying to thoso electors who have paid for and taken out:electoral riglhts to find,-when they.come forward to vote at the ~ineat election, that owing to the one: gligesce of the regiatrar,.they u tn precluded i: roem recording their vots; and the conduct f thes registrar is, as'far as we ea hlears, deserving of the higiet cennsure. :A.pro. vision it however, made in the Esectoral' , I Act that when irregularities of this kind do i occur a special revision court may be ap pointed by His Excellency the Governor a within twenty days from the time when the r sual revision court should have been held; and it is be hoped that, in a case like this, a where the privilege of so many electors is on. adangered, a special court will lb held within 1 the prescribed time. The following communication, respecting the appointment of a polling place at Jericho, has been forwarded to Mr F. L. Smyth by the member for that division of the Gipps. land Mining District : " Sale, Gippsland, 13th April, 18G8. SSn, --I have the honor, at the request of the inhabitants of Jericho--which divislon 1 reprcsent i the Gipplland Mining Board to bring under your notice thei serious in justice they suffer for want of a polling place to enable them to exerciso the franchise at elactions for the Legislative Assembly. It is a singular circumstance that although there is an electoral registrar for the divi ion in qaestion, no means have been pro. ided by which tho peoldople can record theirv voces. You will observe, on reference to thE luarterly returns furnisphed by the mining registrars, that the number of miners work-. I ng on Jericho is far in excess of those em. ple nd at Donnelly's or Stringer's Creek. In each of the latter two a polling place is (very properly) provided ; and to omit Jericho from a similar privilege is virtually 3 to disfranchise the inhabitants, an injustice against which they.lhavo just I Igrounds to complain, but which I have no doubt will be removed by the Governent c throu your exertion. As the subject is of considerable importance to those con cerned, I beg respectfully to solicit your im- mediate attention to it.--I have the honor to be, Sir, your very obedient servart,--JAMES KELLY, Member of Gippsland Mining Board for Jericho Division. To F. L. Smyth, Esq,, M.P." Mr Smyth, in reply, states that he has for waded the application to the Chief Sec- retary, and that he has no doubt but that it will be granted. The following grants are now ready for issue at the Receipt and Pay Office, Sale, on payment of fees, viz.,:--Mary Cameron, 9a 2r 3p, Maffra ; J. M. Clarke, 4a 0r 3p Maffra ; the Longfellows' Gold Mining Com- pany, Ir 24p, Walhalla; F. S. Grey (3), 73a Or 34p-78a 3r--wia, Murmurng ; J. G. R. Lightfoot, 63a 2r 20p, Coongulmerang J. G. R. Lightfoot, 48a, Murmurng; Robert Parkinson, Or 6 2-10p, Maffra ; John Tait, 38p, fMaefra ; Bomford and Bomford, 21 grants, varios areas, Broadlande; John Burke, 21 grants, various areas, Broad lands. At a meeting of the Upper Yarra Railway League, says the Argue, on Saturday, at the cc Old England Hotel, Heidelberg-Mr John hi Young in the clhair-a report was read froin the collector, from which it appeared that ho h had canvassed the districts through which 1u the line was proposed to be taken from Iealosvillo to Northeoto, and had obtained C promises of subscriptions towards the survey, at making the present total £114 8s. - The collector had met with much opposition in the Lilydalo district, an opinion prevailing tii that the line should go by the Bushy Creek tl instead of the running creek; others had an S ide that a railway would injure their pro. S pery ; whilst not a feow believed that the our voy should be made at the public expense. cc Ie had obtainecd promises of support fronm b forty-two additional landowners, the wholei of whom exprescd much anxiety to see a line surveycd through the country propoasd, 0 belieoving it would be a great public benelit. D The chairman said hie regretted that more p1 success had not attended the efforts of the tb collector, and, as every day convinced him S more and morn of the perfect practicability of a the line, and the great advantages -possessed it by it over the coast line, ho thought they should persevere. Iti believed that a ar- w voy made under the immediate supervision gs of the league could be effected more economio ally, if not more expeditiously, than one undertaken by the Government, and he P would therefore suggest that the Minister of v Railways should be asked to supplement the subscriptions with £1110 ; and, if unsuccess- p ful, the action of the league should then be directed to bringing the matter before the m Legislature, in order that the merits of the two lines might he fairly tested. On the w motion of fMessr. Trcnoweth and Durham, t it was resolved that a deputation from the c league, acompnied by the members for h Evelyn and East BourTke, ehould wait upon the Minister of Railways forthwith, and that such further stops should te taken by the committee of the leguo for bringing theo matter besfore the Lcegislaltur as they might deem advisable. The report of the commission appointed in a South Australia to inquire into the dieases affectiog the cereal crops in that colony has been published. The report concludesal with the following remarks :--'On the whole, and especially as regard the r red ust, your com missioners, though necessarily unable todis cover a specific remedy for a disease, the germs of which are universally diffused andrt brought into active vitality by atmospheric t causes, have much pleasure in submitting to 1 your Excellency the largo amount of valuable I information elicited by this inquiry. If a r poeitive eore is not discovered. severel very serious mistakes are corrected- mistake t which would be costly in their operation and I odisappointhgin their results... It is hoear t that tse extraordinary ravages of red rust I last season were not caused,as many asserted, by exhaustion of the soil ; and that, there- 1 fore, expensive manurings-however beno- I ficial in other respects- are useless as a prm ventitive of rust. It is shown that there are some wheats hardier that others ; the farmer thu. having, in sme small dergroee, the means withlin his own power of diminishing the extreme destruxtivenes of theo'disease by avoiding thos varieties that are mos t easily overcome by it. It is also shown lnthat as red rst is not propagated, like smut, from Sdiseased seed, shrivelled grain, eof little value for millint g purposes, will produce both healthy and abundant cropo underordinarily I favourable eircumstances of soil and climate. SIt is shownn tlat agricultural chemistry has scarcely made a start an yet in this colony, p aithoughl of ma much importance .to a proper system or cultivation.*' "And, Ohally,- your scommisioneran hope. that the attentionl which has been so widely direoctd in all pIt ptre thoe' provincel not. oan? ly . u.Cnsad vl.ita!tin.whsieh baa befallen it,. but td "the. ageneral conditibn .and 'irrspct?hti of gricul isthre,' will have thcffOEth 8f lsaioug to. closer d habits of obqerv.toi", arid to moro carefoio ?t experiments oia the part of farmers them I, selves fand, on the part of the Legislature '- and CGoverument, to a correspondisg" ap i prechation bf the claims and roeuiremnnts of .;· • o an interest which, without exaggeration, may be represented as the cardinal industry r of the province, and the chief foundation of e its prosperity." Tihe Huntly .Slhire Council seems doter. mined not to let tile charge of Fcnanismn nwhihc has been made against their president t fall to the ground. At a meeting of the Council on Friday, the 7th lnst, aftera read " ing of the minutes, Councillor IIoskins nmoved a resolution that as the president, Mr. Nolan, had not rebutted the charge of Fenianism made against him, he should i immediately resign. Councillor Britt s.t colded the motion, upon which the president got up in a tremendous passion, and thumping the table with his fist, denounced the charge made against him as false, and Councillors I Hoskelins and Britt as base and cowardly I liars, and refused to receive the motion. t Councillor Hoskins put it, and lie and 1 Councillor Britt said "Aye," while only t Councillor Skurrio said "No." 'i his done, f Councillors Britt and Hoskins left the roonm. The president then said in explanation, that I he had written to the Mtinister of Justice t several times, and' likewise had a personal 2 interview with him, and a court of inquiry Ii had been promised, but nothing definite had '1 yet bchn done. If he did not get an inquiry ii held hie should take other st:ps to vindicate v his character. The president having sat down, Councillor Skurrio proposed that I tenders should hb ofoened, but Councillor a Council without a quorum. A supplement to tihe Government Gazette C of Friday week contains the following notifs. it cation from the Chief Secretary respecting n] addresses of condolence presented to the Duke o of Edinburgh :--" His Excellency the P Governor direots it to be notified for general 10 information that His Royal Highness the rc Duke of Edinburgh has received numerous n addresses from different parts of the colony pi to which Ihe has been graciously pleased to tI reply. The remaining addresses and copies i of resolutions transmitted to the Governor Iii for submission to His Royal Highness will te be forwarded to the Secretary of State. The al schedule annexed to the reply contains notice m of 102 addresses, including the one adopted 0 at a public meeting hold at Sale, an addressi m forwarded to the Governor from the inhabi tants of Walhalla and the district of Stringer's cu Creek; and also that of the President, coun.- Sc cillors, and inhabitants of the Shire of Al- ti herton, South Gippsland. ..A copy of the of reply to the address forwarded, from Sale m has been received by the Mayor, and we hi believe that the chairmen of othe:r meeotings of held in the district with the same object H' have received similar favours. gli With reference to the charge against MIr at Charles Dyte, Af.L.A., the Ballarat Stay gli states that on Saturday that gentleman N "before commencing a sale of forfeited hii shares at the Corner, referred to the accusea- 11 tions made against him with reference to if tihe sum of £350 received by him from the 0' St. Andrew Company. He referred.to the th Star as the 'blackguard, scurrilous, and be rascally Star,' mid stated that he had re- cli ceived the sum mentioned, bat as he had to benefited tihe company by £2000 he thought rc lhewas entitled to it. In a jocular tone he ti said lie intended to send in a bill for £1050 xl in addition to the £350 paid to him. 'ir P Dyto intimated that he would give an ex-. ti planation at the proper place, and appeared -A to think that he was a very ill in'id person. 11 Some of the on-lookers seemed to treat the tl affair in the manner Mr Dyto wishes to have di it considered- viz., as a sort of good joke ; e but the majority evidently felt that the affair w wore a grave aspect, and the speaker was a greeted with satirical remarks and ironical heers, which must have more than counter- ,e balanced the effect of the few signs of ap-. r proval." On the same sbject the Courier p writes :-" AIr Dyto repudiated the notion d ,hat he had in any way compromised his li position ats a member of the Legislature in following what he maintains to be his legiti- it mate calling of a commission agent, that being the capacity inwhich his transactions it with the St. Andrew Company were under takn. ' It is quite evident that matters cannot be allowed to stop now that they have gone to such a length, and it will be necessary that the corporate honor of the LegislativeiAssembly and the purity of the Mining Department shall both be vindicated. Mr lyte has intimated his intention of doing this when the proper time arrives, and we further are given to understand that an action for libel 'will be instituted against his aspersors." . A most determined sunicide was committed by one of the prisoners in the Ararat Gaol on r Friday night last. The deceased, George AM'Donald, who was sentenced to hard labour, is the sane who attempted suicide on a former occasion by jumping from the railway carriage when running between Geelong and Ballarat. Thlis time, however, he seemed quite resolved that his efforts to put an end'to his existence should not be found out, and as one of' his duties at the gaol consisted of cutting wood, he managed - timber, from time to time, .when returning to his cell, 'probably in his hair or some portion of his clothes that would escape the I search of the Officers, should their suspicions be awakened. IHaving managed in this way to obtain sufflgicht for his purpose, he on Friday night devisrd the plan of making his bread into paste, and with the aid of Iis clothes and'a few scraps of paper, which lie had also secreted, he managed to stop up the ventilator of his cell and all theechinkle by which air could be admitted. Thdn by some means heu sucqeeled irt lighting the charcoal Swith the did of one of his socks, .probably by striking.a small piece of flint against some of the iron work ef the cell, and the air being eioluded as'described, would of course render the sound very faint outside. The charcoal he burned on one of tihe plates used by the Sprisoners; wihenc all these preparations were coiipleted, he hy down with the impromptu 'challing- dish close by limu. In'this position She.wasdfound in the morning, life having been . nextinct a considerabl'tiiifo before the early 1 visit of tho' warder. Atthe ieicest,' .which I 'waa held on Suneday, the jury.found a verdict 0 in'accordance'with thoeevidonce, and added * li a ridet, "that no blame'whaitever attaches to the ollcials of the gnal there having been 1 no laxity of disecipline in connexion with the \- Ircumstance." ' ' S'lhe brig Anhcerst arrived at tmhe Bluff on \- the 31st ult. from the Auckland Islandr. Tf The captain' of the Amhberst had a largo polo SIft,. long erected on . were placed bottles containing lettersjn tches, fish- the b hooks, knives, etc., were l The Amherst An reached Port Ross on the IFebruory, and a W formed] depot No. I on iderby Island, in containing. clething, bIa~ s, ~ompasesa cit Swatches, tools, etc. It w? ?ced in a good cle position, and on it was writ\ The curse pe of the widow and fatherles'?it upon the ab lman who breaks oen'lthlsb' b.?'ilst he has it a ship at his hack." Plenty Igoats, etc., in are on the islands. A seei'iras made M, round the coast, but no te of any cave Jo wac discovered. Traces of eck were seen lo near two rocks, which juttdout like but. C tresses. Depot No. 2 .s made near w Musgrave's hut. Dcints we left at the ye principal islands, and goatand pigs were or landed. Plenty of pigs, his, seals, and d rabbits were found on most the islands. fr No traces whatever were fo d of the cast- h aways. The depots on uckland and P Campbell's Island haveben c do with care, a and their positions distinctly etined. The i latitude and longitude of Ul the islands were taken, nnd it was fI ul that the Aucklands are placed on tl chart thirty.C live miles to the south of the true position. This glaring error, says the fficial report; ! is sufficient to acccount for lie number of wrecks. A telegram in thie fVelliop ,i Ervenin Post from Hokitikoa, states the rosout of the ex "ol l e ..,,la sdor'e 5prisoners haave been committed for trial at the Supreme Court at lIokitika. Bail was refused, except in the case of Clarke.. Bail was specially applied for on behalf oflannan and Herron, on tilhe ground of their not having beenl proved to have taken any active part in the procession. 'The magistrate peremptorily refused, remarking thatfhe considered these two men the most dangerous of all the prisoners. ,,Excepting Clarke, lie regarded the wholeo as firebrands. Larkins' and Man Ilig were indicted for seditious libels pub.ll lished in the Celt. 'The partnership of thie two, as proprietors of the Celf, was proved, also the interference of both in the manage. 1 ment and publication of the paper. The libeles were recited, and, both prisoners were com. mitted for trial:' It appears that the day prior to' his oexe cution O'Farrell sent a letter to the Colonial Secretary, Mr Parkes, but with .an injune. tion that it should not' be bpned until n after his death. -:He made no specitle state. mont as to the circumnstances cobniteted with his crime, or confirmatory or contradictory of the statements he had prcviously made. He said, however, privately, that he was glad now that the Prince had escaped death at his hands. Ho also said that he was very glad that Iis Royal Higlmnbas' had avoided New Zealand, as in case he he had not done so his lifen mightb have licen attempted there. Mr Parkes, on being asked in the Assembly if there was any truth in the statement that O'Farrell had written him a letter, admitted that lie had done so, and that theloetter' had been opened since the execution, but he do. elined at present to makeo publid tilhe con tents. "He stated at the same tiue that he received another important communica. tion from a different quarter, but bearing upon] the question of the' attempt on the Prince's.. life.:. It o?-as doeiratileq however, that he should not divual" t!l, particulars.. -A debate then 1roceeded on. a motion for the production of the letter by O'Farrell to the hon.'the ChieflSocretary,'whteh he has declined to lay before the Huseo, and also with regard to the alleged conversations which took place in gaol between the convict and some members of the Ministry. It appears that Mlr. Dyto 'proposed giving some explanation of his transactions with regard to the St. Andrew's Mining Cocn. parny, in the Legislative Assembly on Tues. day, but was prevented by the fact that Par. liament had not been formerly opened. A man named George Blizard, a shopman. in the employ of Mesars. Ewen and Co., drapers, of WVangaratta, was drinking very freely and shouting for all hands at Kettle's HIotel, Oxley, on Monday last, when suspicion ing aroused that all was not right; owing the largo amount of money which hae arried with him tucked inside his waistcoat, the police were sent for, and he was arrested. It was afterwards discovered that he had stolen the sum of £384 in cheques and notes, which had been secreted in the shop by Mr Ewen on Sunday evening. The loss was not discovered by Mr Ewen until Monday night, immediately before the news of the arrest of Blizard was brought in. On his person was found the sum of £322 odd, the re mainder having in the meantime been squan dered or thrown away. The prisoner was brought up at the police court on Tuesday morning, and remanded until Thursday. The West Coast Times reports the follow ing " courteous amenities" as having taken place between thle Judge and the Crown Prosecutor, during one of the trials in the District Court at Hokiltikia few days ago : -His Hononcr leavo you any more wit ness s M O'LToughlin Thn roii Pro Then why do yoin not call them ? The Crown Prosecutor . It is not mydalty to order the witnesses 'out of the box; Ilis Honour: You 'have been very. inpertinent tcveral times, I advise you not t. be so again. The Crown Prosecutor i No, ytd Ifonour, I have not. his Honour : You g.vo ime the lie in open court yesterday; an. I advise you not to do so again. The Crom Prosecutor : I did ndt your Honour, 3 do not recollect doing so. And I was onl observing that it was not my place to ordre the witness to leave the box, as the jury?dight wish to put some questions to him.. The Governor, 'with 'tb'advico of the Executive Council, has ppointed Messrs. Duncan' Ballantyne, 'Vllinm Doherty, Frodk. William Drevenann, Alexander Smith, and Archibhld iLeod'to be a com mittee of menagement of he 1oed set apart on the'9th October, 1iSOpr iiublic recron tive purposei at Biirneda?' Thd followding rebelutien,leopted.by the Board' of Education at t meeeting, of the Board~iold'on.the SI Itt Vch, 1807, is pub i ishel forgeneral informon i--a The exis tounescoot aschbol in any lal'ity not'vesthd in theo loard shall "ob b reghtedasa hindrance to thi establishment'olf ated school in that localidy should sucllhb alied for, although the granting of aid by a Board to such school should' niecesitatite withdrawal of id fromi the non-vented 1001" S'curious case of lnnacy as '..eard beforc0 the city magistrates on Wednesday morning. 1" An elderly man named Bernard Martin, who was many years ago a well-to-do merchant (r' in Flinder's Lane, and is well known in' the city, but who has been for some time past leading a precariouns sort of existence, ap pearedt before the court on a charge of the pi above nature. A certificate from Doctoes or M'llea and bl'Gaurin, certifying that he was b insane, had been given to the police, and. Martin wase taken into custody by Detective Jennuings. lie appeared in court and told a long story, in which be'ccusel Mr. Francie, GI Commissioner of Customs, and a Mr. Little,. fa who was in business in Melbourne. some years ,past as a merchant, 'of cheating him e out of a large quantity of flour. Martin was 1 discharged by-Mr. Sturt, who did'not think fromnt the evidence brought before him thao he ought too b0 detained. Accoriing to the. a I present Lunacy Act, it any two rmedical men a , certify any oneis insane,' he can be arrested i e and taken to geol. : A decision, important to selectors of land e under the 42nd section, was given by Judge . Clarke at the last sitting of the Ararat s. County Court. A selector named Knight. t; sued Mr. S. J. Davidson, the squatter-one of whoso run the selection- wase made--for trespass, damages amountiing to £_0. It was atl urged that though the land Iold by Klnight x- was not fully fenced, yet he hadl as good 'a. ro eint for tiespas as as lit avoJisfi'h" 1 tu or no on his part, could impound cattle trespassing pt on the land whiclh he had leased from the ly Crown, though such land was not feonced. , 'Tho defence raised by Mrr. Presswell-wasn , erc that at the period of the trespass there were, ye improvements of Mr. Davileon'rg upon the. ly selection which had not been paid for by the, so occupier; that MIr. Davidson was paying oe rates for this land to the Shire Councile:r and !d that, moreover, Knight could riot have.beon a. ware at the time whether his lease would be \- granted. It was shown' that the lease which. o Knight held was ante.dated-that is to say, 1, dated before the period of the troespass'; and a- his Hlonor found a verdict' for the plaintiff is for £15, 'tith £4 coats, '. : . The . Aloxandra ?orrespondent of, !the AMangfed Courier thus describes a' ase"of sticking-up' on the road between Alexandra and Wood's Point:- "Considerable .excite. ment' was oocooioiiod here on Thursday ovon i1 ing by the arrival of Mr Felix, "wino. and1 'spirit merchant 'of Alixandrn and Wood's h Point, who reported that he had"boen stuck up and robbed, by an armed man on ,the." road beotween here and Ohin Ghin.. The fol-. lowing are the particulars of' the' outrage 'as h described by " Mr Felix :-=Tho time''; wVas about four p:m., and the locality echosenr :bj y the bnshranger was a spot about one mile and a halfrdistant froeithe Pig and Whi~stie, Bridge,. and one fronm tho direct Yei-road. The track :at this point-leads' througlf' ac narrow gap, intersecting the o.idjacont ranges, and it 'wasat this gap, and' immediately: after 'passing "a gate, thra the advantire,oc d curred.. A nanwearing a drabchood which r- completely covering his head and shoulders, 0 with two hlbles cut in it for his eyes, sunddenly a- emerged from his concealment behind some g bulids, and presenting a revolver or pistol 0e at Mr ?ellx, finding hineidbl covered by the t, man's weapon, obeyed the command.: lie .,. was next ordered to throw off -his 'coat and or waistcoat; throw them on the ground, and to stop backwards to what the o.robbor-who as still kept the .pistol pointed 'at him-con-. so nidorod a safe distance. The follo?' thl n os proceeded to turn out the pockets of Mr et Felix's garments and examine the contents." Having appropriated all the'money le coiuld find (about £4), he ordered lir'Felix to re.? mount and ride away. After reinounting nI Mr Felix cdmmenced an address to his asani lan t with a view of convincing him of the: error of his ways and trying to induc0:e hiii to pursue an honest course of life .ii thqi future, but was cut short by; the. " n h'i i°' the mask" replyingcurtly, "''o on : itmrust be done I" Besides thie money Mfi :Feli 'r carried a valuable gold .watch, cheques,"and a' .other papers; but the robber declined any 00 of these,' taking . nothing which- would" be' og likely' tdloe d "to his identicatfonh ir beifig o the 'oido l home' to himn:" His tilress??. with d the exceptions of the . drab. hood already ad montioncd, consisted. at.a. course dark blue material resembling serge. M`r. Feli ilnmne. N. mediately on his arrival at 'Aloxandra' gave rot information to the police ; but as the" dis ht, gaiso assumed by the buishranger was so of complete, there can be but faint ,hopes of son his arrest and punishment., The. cool re- methodical manner with which the scoundrel an- proceeded' only finds its parallel 'amongst vac the list of New' South Wales outrages, and proves him to be no novice at theuoefarious Scalling." The Oeans aid Murray Advertiser states c that the unfortunate Chinaman afflicted wi?th con leprosy, who was lately committed to jail" ai nn having no means of support, hlids been ad mitted into the -Hospital. WeVo have been o : informed that since his admission every it- Chinaman who could walk at all has, ro- colonially speaking," cleared." rea rille Idrvocate, a member of Parliament is he not always a desirable companion in a rail r : ay carriage. Iis reason for sotbhinking in ral that on last Thtesday a resident of Smyth-s. 'he dale, while travelling from Ballarat to Mel- vo bourne, was in a carriage .where, for the in wroloe journey, an M.P. annoyed every pas. rsenger in the carrigoe by loacing his boots oe out bat on ereing whyo tire oce.ndolr s , ,lc.elirel it to intcrfero. We ren only aski, with Sian to ?Vller, rloethier ito one " ras " Wlelopprl for that 'ere liberty." A comriesion to deal with ptoplicatiotl8 under thoe'2ned ol ctioni of the Aenlord ing Lan l Act eat in tre Iynctor Court Shouse on Tuelsday morting. h A larionumboer Y of applications wre ntrtnied 'tire greanter er lorton oef them favouerably; soioe weare n postponed for reference to tie Mining Deo. pe rtmcnt, 'ana f were alsolutcly rielsrd. T'le..se worn c.iel?y in the oariuh of Slorin' a- plains, errol i ross proeepriotity to Mr. iDe 'Panss' hlomested." Irs maki, tire refinousls SMIr. ]ieodglinron sirtrel thou it 'rr aoIuteOn. .ary to grant no lircensess'oithliu itrceonahble distance of a noInatterrs hoomesCotiOer; blut hby an irrolyortenoo tlhi rid'hold riot 1,oo'n "- ob'erved iun ,loelineg witir tire riplidlicahio, foor en priog i'loiiu, oRolld seiioor hart Ibeen gUranr trot allotrinscto cruich actually. oroijilnci Ir. 00 Do Para' pre-emlohivo right. Aesooa cor. pe loensation to Mr. i Pansse, tiole P'rrolo.t ,,f ti tire Board of Land anrd Weorks 1r00l wihdlrnraw u oh from tis operrtion rf tire 12rori section a strip of larrd near tire hloenstead. Urrder these circurrtoanceo tine Ol,olieonnts woh hare their surrey frees rorefnircL. 