WITCHCRAFT IN WARWICKSHIRE It would be absurd to say that the moral and social condition of England has not changed for the better during the course of the last three centuries; but it is nevertheless, remarkable how persistent are some of its most replusive features. When Shakes- peare was a little boy in Stratford-upon- Avon the inhabitants of that country town were like the mass of the people of England generally, very well ill-taught and ignorant. There was a grammer shcool, at which a "little Latin and less Greek" were imarted to the sons of the more thriving tradesmen; but the bulk of the townspeople had small know- ledge of letters and still less acquaintance with the "philosophy of common things" There were no National or Sunday Schools, no cheap literature, no shoolmaster to take his walks abroad. Left very much to them- selves, the simple townsfolk believed what their grandmothers told them; doubted not that fairies danced at night in the Warwick- shire meadows; that wretched bedlames brewed hell broth of "eye of newt, toe of frog and finger of birth-strangled babe," over which they muttered charm; that they had the power to "rack with old cramps and fill all bones with aches;" that frolicsome imps played mischievous tricks, that ghosts "re- visited the glimpses of the moon," and that the "sheeted dead" did sometimes" squeak and gibber in the streets." Such stories Shakespeare heard whispered fearfully by old wives into his boyish ear, and he inscribed them on the tablets of his memory until the time arrived when he drew from them materieals for his undying illustrations of the strength and weakness, the wisdom and folly, of man. That was nearly three hundred years ago, and the world has greatly changed since then. Stratford is not now remove from civilisation; the pilgrims to Shakes- peare's tomb go thither by means of a rail- way; and there are books enough imported into the town to initiate all the inhabitants into the elementary mysteries of all the sciences. Yet there seem to be a Stratford folks who are as ignorant and supersititious as cruet, too, and spiteful, as any of the clowns and scolds who harried old women to death or ducked wizards in horse-ponds in the days when Elizabeth was Queen; or when Matthew Hopkins searched for moles and other witch-marks. A maltster named Davis has just been taught by Mr Justice Keating, at the Warwichshire Assizes, that witches, however believed in by himself and others, are unknown to the law of England; and that acts of cruelty towards people who happen to be old, or disagreeable in manners, however laudable a centry or two ago, will now incur the panalty of imprisonment with hard labour. It is at first difficult to believe' that any person, however ill-taught, yet being on the safe side of absolute insanity, could believe in such a tale as was gravely told in the assize court on Monday last. The prisoner and his two sisters, it seems, had openly averred that they were bewitched; that a man and woman, headless, came down the chimney, seized one of the girls, dashed her on the ground, tossed her in the air, and then similarly threw about the sofa on which she had been lying. They believed that a neighbour, one Jane Ward, was exercising a demonicacal influence upon them, and that there would be no rest until the spell was broken. They had heard that if they could draw the witch's blood her power would cease; and an opportunity soon offered. The two women picked a quarrel with their suspected neighboutl and the man, suddlenly pouncing upon her, seized her firmly an d slashed her cheek with a penknife. The blood flowed, and the brutal exorcism was effective; at least, the perpetrators of the cruel act declared that they slept soundly afterwards. It is a sad story altogether. What a long way from being enlightened Christians some of us English people are! Of course the Stratford maltster and his sisteres, and al the folks who aided and abetted, applauded and encouraged, were ter- biliy ignorant and allowances ought to be made for them; but when we see every day what educated poeple believe in we hesitate to say that they were much worse - the brutality excepted-than those who believe in jumping tables, aerial accordions and rappings, who put faith in Zadkiel or Raphael who sneak into back alleys to consult fortune-tellers, and shudder at the ida of thirteen at a dinner table. —Dispatch, December 8. 