FOUITH ANNUAL' )1EETING OF TIHE .GOULDURN CHIUROCH S00IETY:'. Tnl fourth annual moeeting of the Church Boolety ol the diocese of Goulburn was held on Wednesday tevening In the hall of the mechanls' ionstitute. The chair was taklen at halfl.paut aseven rd'clok by the president of the society the Lord Dishop of Gonlburn. There was al gooA attendance. On the platform were the Revr. John Milnoer, chaplain of the Ualatoe, .~WV. Bowerhy, F. A.'O. LIlligston, i. Leigh, and F . 80oab0orn, the lion. James Chbls,. holm Z.L.O., and Rlosr.. O. 5. Alexander, I. Dutlersand' May . The proceedings were'opened by prayr by the Rev. 7. 8Sowerhy. After which the l'rosident called on the lorev, W. SBowerby, one of the bonorary secretaricrs, to read the report, which wua as fol. lower- ·A. ~b asV llbr 0? tT ~ I ro Lh ,~rb The committee of the Chrlih Society for the Dluiore of olbuern bhve the pleuron of conogrtulutil their con. rltittflep th de eureseful operations of the eerletn foe tbo ,utl etr. Iwttstaula tte oellunr pelomem l whl hue iu elperirvned In ol ooumemrrlat esd mnoetnr# truelso. ton,, theirr batelce-lele, u ashowu ltbh treane?lr eouml prt m er cirfor rret thoknfoue to w the ioer o ft aU ,em for the m a?ur 5. whirh the t o mberlo th, huric oe The T ted ato rrive of Al their n the rUtsAhponltnt tijurt of the eocicty. Althoulh thoat statement rallr very eiltiftory and -euyorisgnl yet, If rreflllly entliod, t It viii b found tht had Dthe ep?ric of tOh tneyl beun crrlted out In accord. once with Oh, reoommcsdrlon of thu diooeaen Oynod. or *ovm to tapltaer wrllh the fend8umeotai ret., of the ItotltttIon Itrll, ilt l clor 16that the ephere of l1. ueuloeou ou hlto bhr groliy, go. re-Sy peni tur tour gomuittto would r?elyI pr ohli nmilderdtLon upo thuantr nabr of the churrh o lhl te hou t toenl ou rrudth of thb dorer, irth a riroiet preycr that moe erurpli oud ildrr-eprrud c-opertienm y a e Scieland by your future l .. ..ioo.ttrr We oreba rtohe 1.t.. to Inform the . weriog thot the good offeml of th llht Ilonicohie bu alci of clmnors hre b?en Ieunod I. palrol of thre erltly. Tho more lummedltra iaorl. of your oommettor h2ve been directrd, heyond to. lequtlmeat or feod., to i,. Amoiatlo witth the yuood. Thl woe reeuo.me.ded by the oynyd at tIhlamt urnilng olthlt lodyI to them eCruL IWe truotatt this meluerol wilt ed to lrve itrelgth to yoUr eolety, u it hue now the ropr'e. saurtion of the lugularly eboo rlprnrrecutontro of Ith diooeel.o a. a pp.real we ma. e geuratll to alt the paish.. 1r th ioese floriereaet oupp?, r ant I. eaome toletnues a corttal frep?ul be tae r?ve . ge io arddiution to then meunree, oie refer with feelUns of deep grlltude to0th. ¢lreolo ezerltiol outd leutgly Joorneyl of the nlight Ir.vernd the Wruoldet .wbltbh monen other beultil brl lreeild In addlg p mlololrli to the tumo o ant?oo.. uueht emlctr~or# Joif yUr ck2y •L -b bhe fornepi t hoef thneoo i r tl wlt heron b o .bo8n cI le mat etof thrturerl bht It may he .tireilo to alti your attiroton to one or twe parieulor. embodild I the docuceLot or Ietoure, gront.o bure be made the ollow. log tburlhei-l'oInutsl £1001 Wiodrltm, £.01 lowloeg, £O COrowa, s OI' aoed to Cooms parloe.lgi£1.;--Jo al, £2051 moioelt eoe of a etudlct ot.Moore Celielee LbOl trovellieg eorceuei of a ciergymoa, £20. The om Ito gratefolltt acowlde unbcrlptone tothe mount of Los lie. sh. from the Gatten Aoclattol Iproceed. of ela of fairy rtel serpitted yo fricnd toIn e?oltnd, £t coll5 J eoile ioclttloeo, 7l .l. t auo .e oo. We would reupectfulyr col the oltollon oethfrilof l of rrgiUoUl to theo acrlety of haindg o1 two tuedlee 18tee iOleil nunally for th ?elety, eo retmmehnded byl the dlorun relod, wlhlihhroaoelU 010 l tlaco. br carried o0t5, The commltlee earoely inroitl the ?ermbne of tho rhrrh toce te ie their crdlol aitoo to the uoley. ' is noel, wa treat, Oritr eiatb rlled nuon that ron buts bhh ecoan oner fanlr, Vi upon the word of God. l0upromltte litIe bieelng uo10 alt thlol by?lu al nl eroououecl Ilie loi, aot therod wilt tholiyoe blooed I ece one ribo eper to reap will cow obly a poriou of ther ubtralro eommlttod to hlu re by a befslocant rorldenore Tbhe Tfseror er . A. Anderon, thn reeld the following financial titement - nrgL C?ln a ccons fqncr tof rftnlr I ro DeCi?io 8i, o . h )ioentc ? Lern ll rd o h-Ie?onoer. r , hio Toh ~,Januar~y 1,1107......., 01 . :-lOelltloul .., . ........... ....._',,,. 31t0 I I 0 toetrituton from COeo nlore r ommittee towarde tLe priotng of thte u lol retort for Il ... ........ n . m..... .... DI0e £117511 1 I. Dlo?enaon Oroceul Fe?l--eroJ dplten p DI Irots In ald of tiled of rtwle ot-oni y elergy men ,. ..,. ,,..,.- - - l o a 0 o grunt. for bulcoig churchea 2r 0 0 th0 n relntfor parlnoeiCoomoa. .... ... 11 . 0 . irlt towird e he trovelll earr?en of a newrly.ppol.lederd clryman ---, 20 CO 0 0 rlt wtto oLudent at ororeU Ciiybe.....,.-. b0 0 0 luhol~rptlou returneal to IllmI~trkll* church hulldlog fund. ?.,-.... ....,.., 1 0 0 Siaryclflectrceetry, .......I f....Il 1 00 0 0o SpayrmetforlprnatnI anunopretBrrlh S f OeC- O 50 payment for e hc, for it... 01b? 0 pymenithe lar dvertaeing, prlnUng, nad etdlon err for 1100 out 1101 .........,..-..... 2 1132 1 Spayment. for poetorei, cirrlae of pael and e in vrideniale- --n.evi.ng .b g. The 10l11 bla lnce ,..,.,,- - -.... ..... 04410 II \- £ 11574 11 h h. parsolon Glocd Fen scoodlsbo f. TobalaneeJanuary l,1187 , ........ .... 10 1 £2122i 14 II Itler liovetol ted f.io.u.re.... . ljd lc. y tlpets ,oftr ..,. .....,, ........... 211410 " l- - - ... 045,.,,,,,,,r 814) £2022 10 2 II. Spr'clal Fl?oL--Ioeroc. To rontribution€ from elpgonla for ryeallr of pwasare o a lh........ ............ 04 1 Ipn . eeous l F ,and tthEfiiulyr f yI althlo fo roptr hf liron ela porGn i - od I 1 dTohicef. Land If, r..h....... 'e.,-,.r.. r10 1a b tot etlipCt rs above, L.,o, 140 19 11 -o i, t t im II. O .l,... 10 1 " rDy . tLhoreen a acon.s. f-81 th1 4301 Hi, ,, u, r . IL 247 4 W 106 hethe privbtle .... .,,.-.r o, the i o I -, 2tL,.....,.,,. 0451 , S --?.-- II7 110 LOIt 1111 6 ,r " J ' £ L l1T The Lord Ilshop of Goculburn in his opening addreaie ald--lly Chrtlian friends, the report at the commlttee and the inencial etatromemt of the treasurcr supply an account of 'lhe operatlons of the society for the yoear ended aIt ureecmber, 18167. They gvre ous cau for real thankftulnesst to ths Author of all or merciee for Ilis goodness to the diocee and to the eociety. We harve u usua el had a yar of encouragements mingloed with trlall. The latter hare artsen from varlous causee beyond our control. t Thu labors of your committee have been much impeded by the general ifeocts of the drought and thse hoods, which deprlved reo many. of our friends of their eul hresourcee for the support of the rociety. Our work hoe liealson been tnterruptcd by the Ioal of clergymen, whose withdrawal from thu dioeso hos caused very great, lnconvenlenco. Out of the eighteen clergymen who have been toin ported into the diocese etnce its formation, ffitest remain.. Of those'who retired, two returned to Englmndin consequence of the indieposition of their wives, and one for very palnful reiusone to nwhich I will not furlher allude. Two other elorgymen, who wore licensed for a timo, no longer ofloiate uwthln the diocese. We have aleo had to' contend rgalnst thu dUIlculttes connected with the incompleteness of our' parochial organtration in mnany. Isotaces. There are placolt which the duty oit obtaining lstenlatlon for the clergy dependes upon the actlvlty and good will of onu tr two membere of the church. And if even ons be removed from a diu nrlctor become from any cauoe lukswarm In the work which be undertook to carry. on. the whole machinery becomes deranged, and thu clergymaniu left without hie stipend, simply becanse it ba been left uncollected, Again, wo have a trial of another kind, arlslng from the comparative Ineuperlenceof the membern of the church in the blasoed habit of iving of their substanee to the cauee of the Coepel, Vhen there il grece In the heart, the hand at once becomes generous to religious hjoctel, and the heed II ever engaged In devlsing liberal things. The oblt gation to sopport the clergymen, to footer the Church Socly, to give subecriptions to the building of churches, pnrsonageseand echooli beeomue a./]sod irincipis and the man thus moved by the grace of hod, or lbs love o the Bavlour enjoys the lurnry of doing good, and of helping forward the intereste of the church'of aod'in this world. Dlut at preoent wehave oomparatlvely few thue moved, few who sponteneously, gladly, and thankfully glye of their wealth; which they have'receloed of God, In order to benefit the souls of thuer tellow.mortals In the diocese. Let us pray that their number may-bs continually lnecreosing. lot .while thu comiu.ttee have been callod to endure these and kindred dim. cultre, they,, hver neverthel.ca enJoyed maniftlt tokeos of enooursgement, which have eheered them onward In their work'eof.filth and lrbour of late. From ,time to'tima I'. hare mLyelf" been greatly . cheered ty .' accounta 'ol the - direct blesssing of.. od upon the ministratlion of lls fitBhful, servants In lhe dioceos. We often have the privilege of hearing feom, the lips of the 11ev. Il, Lntgh lsatementl, which gladden the heart In connelon with the results of hie pubilo snd private labors.'.And we.have from maoy of the clergy written seoranet, of a similar kind, showlng that wten the Saviour Ieih falhully preached, cmn. nere are brought In penltent and faith to the foot of. the crose, and believers are strengthened in the faith. "Dut, in addition to these spirituol evldencee that the word of (od Ie not preached in vain In the diocese, tbere are other Indlaltlons of the .fntlencee of the gospel, as shown by the succoes of the cleery in' seourlog the building of churches, Itrsonagee,' and school.roomr.- Since ' the' formaton of lbh diocese seventeen eubsltatial, churches have been erected, and three othere are soon to be commenced. in add[tloen to five buildlngs of • leau permanent slructure, .Siz eucellent paroonzgoe have alio been rrvided, besidea sevenith, ofa less durable kind. Ilghtoen new schools have been opened In connloion wlth the church. These bays all rrceirld cntlacates from the (ouneil of; Eduorlotn, ee havae alo the eleven sechoole previously in exlstences and t YTse an admirable eohoolroom has boen built at oonsider. aile coat. Theo resultl of the labours of the clfy,? trug onrerd as they wert by the so.operation of the Church Society, abundantly tetify to the manifest ptreseance of God with them, and to Hi direct bless leg upon their faithful and efficient services. The progress of the society, exhibited in the report, is another cans of encouragement and thankfulness. Its general foond was last year more than £200 In ezcess of that of the precesding year. D1t this was mainly due to the exertions of the ladies and of the juvenile associations. Chrlstian friends in England, too, contributed through Mrs. Thomas a largo amount of ladies' work which produced for the society between £70 and £100, besides leaving a consildernble quantity which has been sent to atid several new churches and parsonages. Money contributions from England bare alse very materilly strenhened my hands, at a time of peculiar anxiety and of un. esual pressure. Theme contributlionas were freely ivrnc for the work of God In the diocese. Let uA learn to Imitate Engdish christians in the art of lring, aid we shall like them, find that it is more ,lesed to give than to receive. 'e have further to ~congratulate ourselves in the factthat his Excellency the Right Honorable the Earl of aelmore has with much pleasure accepted the office of patron, as sue. cessor to Bir John Younog, and'that racancies in the committee 2Eave been ably Upploed. by the Ilon. E. Cox and Mcesrs., Blomfield, Butler, Mid dleton, and Palge. Defor I sit down, I may Intimate with regard to the diocese, thabst I am about to commence the visitation of its southern division, and that the tour will occupy cight or nine weeks. On my return I purpose, God willing, to hold an erdination on Trinity Sundery, and on the same occalion to have the second session of the Diocesan Synod. The diocese of Newcastle has not yet been assemblod in synod, and the metropolitan diocese has offered no Indication of its Intention with reference to the Provincial Synod of the colony. It is probable that by Trinity Suoday we may be In. formeof the movements of the other dloceses, and that we shall then be In a better position to regulate our own affairs in their conneolon with those of our neighbours. We have been much occupled during four years, s you have learnt; in encouraging the building of parsonages for the clergy. But until recently the subject of an episcopal residence for the Dishop of Goulburn has been left without attracting publlo attention. I am happy to inform you that at length 'this likewise has been taken up, and the same encouragement has already been afforded. Nine gentlemen hare very generously become subscribers of £100 each for this obhect. And we hope that ere long others will come forward with subscriptions of various amounts, so that the' building may be commenced. (Cheers.) VWith regard to the condition of the Church of England at large, I would i the first place offer a remark or two upon the Lambeth Epilcopal conference. This was In many respects very esting. But It was not a Church of England conference; its conclusions are not therefore to be accepted as. expressing the voice of our church. It was a meeting made up of some of the English, Irish, and colonial bishops; while a considerable number In England, Ireland, and the colonies declined to attend. There were also present bishops from America end bishops from Scotland, none of whom are within the pale of the Church of England. It is evidently Intended that the confer. ence should, by means of these extraneous elements, Influence the Church of England in matters relating to her own liternal policy, ultimately perhaps in those touching its doctrines; and at the same time fradually to lead the church in, the colonies nto the same condition of uncertainty and Insecn rityas that of the church in the South Seas and In South Africa. ' The colonial churches would thus be left without a status, with. a seeming but without any real principle of cohesion within themselves, and without any definite link of connexion with the mother church. If the polley which prevailed in the Lambeth conference should ultimately be brought to bear upon the whole colonial church, and to Influence those who are in power, then there will undoubtedly be a tendency to the gradual divergence of the colonial churches from each other, and to their severance from the United Church of England and Ireland. That God may in His mercy avert so great an evil is my humble and fervent prayer. (Cheers.) For some time' God has permitted two great and ruinonus blights to asmil our church rationallsm and rituahlsm.. These are scourges for our past shortoomings. 'But the good old church has survived many similar assaults; and with the blesslnog of her God and Saviour she will likewise emerge from these-weakened perhaps, but purified and more thoroughly fitted for the great work for whichabhe has beencreated. The Church of Eng. land is thoroughly protestant in her constitution and Borlptural in her teaching. Let us rally round her, thankfol that her articles are grounded upon the word of God, that her liturgyls unrivalled In its purity, sublimity, and devotion; and that her minis. trations have been blessed of God to the welfare of the state and to the salvation of myriads of im mortal souls. (Loud applause.). Mr. J. J. Allman saiid,--My lord, I beg to move 'T ?hat the report now read he adopted and prlat?d for dis. tributlon In the dloeese nuder the direetion o the eommltte I Iih n t he proesof thioh olete dtrpog hrt pas 7Clar ir a ,sur for deep thankfulne, to God, on acrount of the laureal. ver onlittee it hich I ast h ro fen avoredI ad that ther anmes now read te the ommittee and ctrers or thspreeesth Se-- atron--llt Eieerlleuery the ightas lion. the Earl of nesImore, Ue brnor-hie d'reldent-- The oight Nes. the ard Bishop of toelburs. Vlee-presldeu--J'. Ioueher, Esq., J.l t ree, Campbell, Eeq I. P. FaIthftll, sq.,, J.P. Orto. mittee-J- . Almlma, l.f M . 5L. ti lebheM iL It. Dlomleld, J.I. Joseph ntil A. B Clsheolm,J.'. I lona. lu. Chiholm, )..C t J. V. Chisholm, ot . $ WA. Crhlholm, J.rI the lion. A. Cos, M.L.C. I A. F. (Ilbron, J.P. t A. W. Ilolaord,Jl'.C | F. Iones I r. lgleI n d AP.. oiddletonI II . Jo. lrs s ',oIL I'alea I n. I'hlllIlps I W. Traees I O. IL thorn I 10Twpnam It. Zoueh, B.'., J.1O. Treaturer-Alei Aadsrsn, L.q. lies. eeretatrslig-ne. 'IV. Pnowerhy5 K . Ii. L. inoel eI, ?,J.'.1 C.O on Aiseader, dAt., wll. fsiertary sad notirtuu-O. 01\. ltsphor. ' ' ' In moving the adoption of the report Ii will require er ittle advocacon my y part to ensure its favour. able reception. If we' contrast the atate of the outhern districtsa nowrwlh that it was a f rew years ego we shall find very, ouch cause for thankful. ness. I remember when the diocese of Newcastle was formed, and thoughhit was preiaded over by a most active and realoOs prelate I really do not think that the results were so great during the ameo period o0 time as we have here to congratulate our. selves upon.' I cannot foret -noneof us can --how much we owe to the ladies who nhave tso kindly aslited the ocletyl but thI e'mustr not make aus lforget that the gratifying results of the society's operations show thate the working committee have done their duty wall and efclentiy. I trust that thbe income of the society wlll so Increase that every one of the clergy wilt he able o receive a fair remuo neratlon for his labours forthease labours are great Indeed. Twenty years'ago I was a mounted officer in one of theadepartments of government, and I often thought that I had plenty of haerd work; but here I have seen the hardest day's work I have ever done extceoded by some of the clergymen ofr this The Iev."W.: sowareryf seconled the resolutliorn and aid --The report I may ventuare to say almoet plead for Itself;, nd Indeed epreee my feelingsa tter othan I ar I am able to do. You have heard the proposed names of the committee.. I think they are good men and true I but s very serious and fio. portent duty devolves upon h them, the importance of which I em sure they deeply feel. I do trust that they, aud indeed very' member of our church, will. beup and be doing, anod help Is their oseral l?i oties'to spreed abroad in every, the most remote, corner of the diocese the knowledge of trhe religion and virtue.' ,Withnli the last few weeks you muls have all heard of the cse of two busahbrangers, left for. executlon at the Deniliquiln asaires. r One of them named Williams, but .bwhose real name was Duof t asel, a the by me ; and I neoed not say I war much snoclred a t nil Wlteb career. reat exertions were made to savert th lives of these crlminal, which have been soccesalufl whether rightly or nor I will not'say.' A sister ofr Dce came to me to sign a petition In hls.behalf. ' he being a very wrorthmpeerson, I inquired,'? how lbs it"that your blrother' hal come to '- such 'a degrades state P',": "0,' re I"' she answered," ' thy father went Into the far bush where there was no clergy man, no religion, nothing good.' Delngunderno rte traianthe took to bad ways, and thls is the end of It, liy brother. had no difficulty In earning a living; but as in all directions there was no worship of God, no Sabbtath, no an)thing, he' fell awary Into bad courese and thought it eamler'to subsst' by buhbranging than by earning an honeet livelihood-; and this is thesad end of his career."' lle Is saved; may'God bring hlm' toL aeknowledgel the truth. I shall not sy a word about the.withdrawal of etate.aid from thes lost districts; but eurely a duty reet.s omewhere to afford a rtmedy for such a satas of things, and the only one Is, our society Is to do thl. .ivery much fear that many of the settlers in thesseparts care nothing for these things. We must 'cars for them.'; We must try to send Iahoorers into 'that larga but neglocted vwneyard to cultivate this at present unproductlre wilderness. \We must put into ohe power of thoDBishop to sow near all waters, knowlng fi we sow In da tiUme we shall reap if we The resolution was then put and carded uani. mosuly. Te lIon. James Chiaholm .LO. mor;d--, That. Inaumuh u thoe tndeor and aim 6r the society Is to uphold the r'motetaut and arlturol iprtnclmei of the L'elted Church of 5~ngland aud lreland, and to diffuse the plritual thnaet of bhr mliitratiotus throeghout the dlooaeitt toeemoc the erlddet dlly of oil heo vole. the epeea Sleauslog of the lttdmatto. to support snd foster the soce ty dly Shel prners stod eonatrtbutou. Ie sald,-Th. Lord Dishop has so ably explat;ed the objects of the society and the great good thst its operations have already effected that but little remaIns for me.to say. It must be evident that when in a season like that just past we can eongrato. late ourselves on having foceired about' £200 more than in the previous year,there is great and abundant cause for thankfulness for we all know, and I myself ?have a perfect knowledge that there are many per. sens willing to subscribe to thls society who are really quite unable from the depresed state of the times to do so. When the Dishop went through the diocese many persons made promises to support the society, and Ihope to find that In all these cases the promies will be performed, for it is plain that we cannot go on supporting the clergy and building churcbes and schools without liberal contributions. Therefore I now call on all who have made such promises to fulfil them. You all know I am a man of few words, and I sball say no more but make room for those who have to follow me. The R'ev. F. A. O. Idllingston sald: I have the greatest possible pleasure in seconding the resolution, not only in a formal manner, but becanse it contains sentiments very dear to me, and of the greatest Importance. ,.The propoal. tion begins wsth the assertion of a fact that as thea tendency and aim of this society is to uphold Protestant and Scriptural principles, therefore it is a dauty to support it. Now at first eight it may seem to some unnecessary and fnexpedient to drag into a meeting of thisa kind anything about Protestantism or the reformation. And someone may say, what is the good of It-we do not see the conneion between the reformation and the Church Society. Now it Is obvious to all men that while certain subjects and certain topics were unsuitable for cer tain times and certain circumstances, they become absolutely necessary under other circumstances. There might be times at home in the old country when a display of Protestantism was almost' un necessary. But these times have passed away; there are rocks ahead of our church-dangerous rocks,--and, unless avoided,, fatal, ones. At houne ritualism Is quietly attempting to sap and mine our church in favor of Rome, and onless these attempts .are met boldly and successfully great mischiefwill ensue. But hbere we have no fear of ritualitm. What then' is our rock of danger P It is contained in two words- carelessness and igno rance. These two are the great dangers which threaten us, and against which we have to contend. Ilis thbis carelesmesa which in the minds of many sees no difference between truth and error between the Church of England and Rome-no difference except about trifles. Trifles, indeed I Was it for trifles that Cranmer, Ridley, Latimer, Bradford and a thousand other martyr, laid down their livest Trifles I Was it for trifles that the best blood of England was freely shed ? Then if such things are trifles, let me suffer for trifles, and if it is God's will, die for trifles. There -is nothing which to me is more painful than the timid shrinking way in which I hear many members of the church speak of the Reformation. It betokens utter Ignorance or care. lessness, which arises from Ignorance. Now if this is the case in the towns and elties, where Bunday after Sunday people are called to God's house to hear his word, it is easy to see how strongly these dangers are likely to exist in the bush, where, from the scattered nature of the population, it is next to impossible for them to receile that instruction which alone can remove the Ignorance. Where the population is so scattered, and the ministers of the g6epel are so few, it is very easy Tor'the wolves who are constantly prowling round the fold to entrap the unwary and the ignorant, and lead them Into error. And shall we stand by isnd see this and say it does not concern us, or it I no matter P God forbid. Nay, rather as the enemies of God's trnth,us the enemies of the truths which our church declared at the Reformation, and ever since that time, are active, let as be up and doing, lest our glorious church perish from our supinenessandindolence. Nor does this proposition appeal only to the members of our pwn church, but to all Protestant communions. To all Protestants this society has a right to say come over and help us; and why P For this reason-thart our common birthright Is In danger the truths of the Reformatlon. And'against whom dothe enemies make the most frequent and urgent attacks but agafnst the Church of England ? She stands as a ,bolwark to the Protestant fortress; the firsi t sentinel; I say not the first becaiuse the best, for that would sound like self-gorlificatlon, but she Is the first as the most prominent. I say, then, it is the druty of all Protestants to help forward this society, to give us, as this resolution asserts, your counte nance,your prayers, and your pecuniary assistance, that the'Church of England may in this colony, us she always has done, present a bold front to our common enemy, and be, as ever, the first and fore most in the field in defence of the glorious principles of the Reformation. The resolution was put and carrled unanimously.! lIr. E. Botler saidl My lord, the resolution I haver the honour to more reads thus:- Wnt as the eo.peraton of eall the members of thec hereb Lna aish l s es ntiatl to trhe sevee Oul scanlsatloe oa Its tompleto moehtaery therein, so ths detnlte salon of aI th. .alise In the dloeese, for the furtheranen of the objeots of h ti undoutdlys reqiraed for the glporou ,ad healthy settee ef the dicesse ala iiwhle Reference is made to the objects of the soclety; which I will look'at by turning to page six in -the annual report. There amongst others, are the provision of a eustentation fund to supply inadequate stipends of the clergy;, to obtain additional' clergymen'and schoolmasters for unsupplied districts; to aid in erecting churches, personages, and school.buildlings; and to circulate the Scriptures, the Rook of Common Prayer, and other nsefu literature, by means of the Diocesan Deplt. I infer from the resolution that some parishes do not co.operate with the parishes at largeln furthernlog the interests of this society, In 'the third collect or prayer aused at our committee meetings, the petition, "Send Thy Holy Ghost, and pour into our hearts that, most excellent gift of charity (love), the very bo6d of peace and of all virtue," appears specially suited for use when Ithink of the parishes as s whole. And in referring to the fourth chapter of Acts, from the i31st terse we learn that when the Spirit was poured out" them that believed were of one heart and soul," and Barnabas " having land, sold it1 and brought the money and laid it at the apostles feetL" ly lord, this was the epirit that pervaded the hearts of the Phillipians, who, by the hands of Epaphrodltos, ministered unto Paul' while imprisoned in itome. Would all the parishes in the diocese.catch the same self.deaylog disposition we' read in this lovely epistle, then co. operation and tunion of effort would be common property My own.donatlon last year wasu five pound.; this year I will make it ten and if spared another year and able to keep clear of the insolrent coart, will; by the help of God, enlarge itto £20. (bear, hear.) Considering that Great Britaln spends n ,ually £ 000,000 in strong drink, and only about half of one million for the spread of chris tianity, we, as her sons and daughters, have some. thing to improve upon. I cordially move the resolo.' tlon. '. " ' t The Ie, It." Leigh said a: Tb, resoldtion I hase 'been- requested to second assert. that the co-operation of all the members of a c'hureh in a parih is essential to the successful organis?ation of Its complete machinery therein. If we can commit ourselves to this proposition the second part of the resolution must be carried.' Co- operation i any measure involving a common interest is absolutely lndlspensable. Ito value is most' apparent where danger is most imminent: I witnessed not long sgo an instance of this co-operation carried out to a suo cessful issue, where a number of persons with their psestor forsook their prayers end ran to extlngoalsh a fire which threatened the entire homestead of a settler. They worked with a will and sucoeeded. The co-operallon needed in a parish Is for a work of which this fire was an apt symbol. The fire of sino, fanned by Batan; threatens with destruotlon those within its reach I and who is exempt? None. But is this idea of cooperatilon'practical or atoplanl C-operation fmplies sympathy in two respoet* wirh earc other md with ths object sought. This sympathy Implies personal Intercourse or absorbing personal interest in the same object. How can this bes brought about nlo an Australian parish ? In a word, bow can I get Mr. 'A, at Doro to sympathise wlth Mrit. W itthe head'eof the'Abercromble Rlver? Some eighty miles lntervening, personal fnterourse is impossible. The' only way I know of is to urgea upon theirjattention some.common object, some central truth,' some grand soulabsorbling thsme. Such an one is Christ Jesus.' The hearts loving and adoring him will love each other, and eventually co. operate In any and every work undertaken for his glour, ana none p are com tl in the objects of tany :+~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~~" .? .... + ', . .. . +,+. parochial machinery that I know of in the dlooese that bave not such sublime objects I.no view. In the . eccond part of the resolution It is assumed that the church in the diocese is one composed of parishes slmilarly affected and ian. the manner described. It Is thus natural - to' suppose that any plan comprising their common oblect would nmeet with their mutual oooperatioo. The Church Bociety contemplates only thous works which these parishes hare themslves the deepest nterest In; and thus presents in Its admlrable organisation the gownds of that definite union of the parishes spoken of in the terms of the resole. tion., We want a motive then, to stir us to acton. at the present time. We can fnd it here if any. where; here, In the facet that inasmuch as immortal souls are concerned, and their loss or salvation do. ponds upon the means used. A few days since Isat looking at a sheepfold with itsf'loe of obelples in. mates. Near it was the shepherd's but, and In it lay the shepherd dead. Two days bence I stood by the grave of the shepherd hise friends and employer stood around, all sorrowing, for he had been a kind friend and a faithful servant. The words of the Lord Jesus arose to me-" How much then isa man - better than esheep ", If that be the man lying there ' he is no better, he l not as good as asheep; but the man is not there; for the soul is the man, that only, its decaying tabernacle. The soul lrves, yes, and shaU live when everything for which' we now struggle so eagerly shall have gone for ever.' Its destiny may be to us unknown, but the posalbiilties of its future state are well known.'. O thenl for power to rise to rigorous action for the temporal happiness and eternal well.being of those committed to our trust. - . . The President sald,-Before I call on the next speaker, it is perhaps as well that I should Introduce' him to you and tell you that the'I Rev. John Milner comes from the same county, Cumberland, as oar friend Mr. Sowerby. This is not the first occasion of his being In the colony, for he Is known to many members of the church who have been under his Instruction when he was one of the maters .of Knlog's School; but' I now have to introduce him to you as the chaplain of that noble frigate the Galatea, of which I.ILII. the Duke of Edinburgh is the active and vigilant captain. lo The Rev. John Milner said,-- y lord, I am unfortunately labouring under the disadvantage of having lost tiro nighte' rest, and hence I am con siderably more than half asleep and find myself getting more and more sleepy. I am 'therefore quite unable to make a spech and hope I may beI excused from. attempting to do so. liefore I sit down however it may be as well that I mention that if any gentlemen, or better atill, ladles of the dis. tr?et will come on board the Oalatea as a deputation: to urge the claims of this socifety, I will try to make their visit pleasant to themselves and profitable to the socilety, and I dare say they will succeed in obtaining a goodly contrblution. .. • The resolution was then put and carried, and a collection amounting to £10 8s. 8d. was made. ' M1r. .Y Conolly moved-: ", '. . ! . " That the Lord iLhop leave the ch?ir, anud that it be takes blab thevlc. WV. sowseby I ' '. 'p.',', which'htlong been done,';Mr. Conolly proceeded to move-' ' T 4hat the thanks of this mstl.u be elves to the tod Ilishep eZth. dolooolfr his kindness In presidlng sc ths metUng, and for his anoeasing care of the interetl sf the bsloety. IHe aald,-The resolution ha, been so carefully and well prepared that it contains all I need wish to may, except that I should like on my own behalf and on that of many others here present to express the great pleasure with which we see the Itight rev. President, who hau presided at all previous meetings of the society, again with us on this' occasion, and that he has preserved that freshness and vigour he brought with him from' the old country. I trust that we shall year after year con' tinuo to see him-still with the same freshness it Is so pleasant to look upon-moved out of the chair, and that It may still be taken by him who now so well fills it. ' SThe Ilev. . I. Seaborn (of Orookwell),in second. tng the resolution, said' that the success which had hitherto attended the operations of 'the Church Society was mainly due to the'blshop.,DI?y his patience and energynew parishes had boon organised, clergymen obtained, and the gospel had been carried to remgte places where seldom or never its sound had been heard.: As the bishop was present it would not. be in accordance with his feelings that his share In the work should be mnloutely referred to; yet be (the speaker) must bear testimony in some degree to the ready sympathy and support which the clergy always rceived from their dlocesan. There were times ' when counsel and encourgement were' needed-, ministers sometimes felt wearj and sad in their work; but after all the enoouragemenls to persevere : were very great, not the least of which'was derived from the fact that they had the ready support of a working bishop, and thus indirectly the hands of the clergy were made strongr and the Influence of the' society was largely extened. . . .'The resolution having been .put and carried by acclamation, ' : T' 'he Dishop briefiy expressed his acknowledgments, and then closed the meeting with the benediction. • ... 