WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 29 1868. It is a pity that Mr. FRANCIS, or some other distinguished financial authority, does not address a constituency in ex- planation or defence of that deficiency of £650,000 on the past year to which we have Lately called attention. We suppose it is of no use looking to Mr. VERDON for any deliverance on the sub- ject. Possessed with that passion which has been described as " The last infirmity of noble minds," the Treasurer, doubtless, no longer con- cerns himself with the success or the failure of those financial schemesof which' lie has been the exponent, but wearily waits for the laggard months to pass away until the Officials in Parliament "Act shall no longer be a barrier to the attractions of London and Hatfield. Mr. M'CULLOCH, we suppose, has nothing to say upon the subject ; the only financial reference he has made was in relation tol the Police Reward Fund, and then it was] only to the effect that the Government intended to confer some unexplained benefit upon the police, the main fea- ture of which, however, was that they were to be robbed of some £70,000. In the absence of any such authoritative utterances, we are compelled to accept whatever explanations or excuses of the present financial muddle appear to pass current among Ministerialists. In the first place, we are reminded' that the revenue returns show nothing but the siuns received within the year on account of the year, " It needs no ghost " come from his grave totellusthat." We, have never dealt with the returns as' containing any other information. It is quite true that sums are always received in one year on account of that preced-' ing ; and it is equally true that there are always supplementary estimates sub-' roitted on account of previous years, which almost invariably swallow up the amounts so received. Thus in 18G6 there was collected, on account of 18G5, £125,146 (the bonds and deposits were included in the Ways and Means of 1866) ; and the supplementary esti- mates for 1865, submitted in 1806, amounted to £120,000, Again, in 1867, £146,887 was-received on account" of 1866, and supplementary estimates sub mitted amounting to £122,539. And this reminds us that the latter aum exceeded that stated by the Treasurer in his budget speech by £5,433 ; a sum ?which, though small in itself, was suffi- cient to change the surplus of £1,108 which Mr. VERDON brought forward from 1866, into a deficiency to begin 1867 with. of&4,225. The fact is, that against any sum to be received after the end of the year, there are almost invari- ably additional expenses, not included in the original estimates, which pretty well absorb it. However service- able, therefore, any further receipts on account of 1867 may be to the financial reputation of the Treasurer, they will not, if we are to judge by the expe- rience of previous years, do much to improve the deplorable state of the public finances. In excuse for the grievous discrepan- cies between the estimated and the actual receipts, a novel and amusing doctrine has been propounded. To be correct, tve are gravely assured, the estimates ought always to be in excess of the actual receipts ; if the latter do not come np to the marie, that only shows that things are as they ought to be. This is certainly the queerest system of finance tve have ever heard of. We have always laboured under the delusion, as it would seem to be, that the safest course, either in public or private financial matters was to under- state the revenue, and overstate the ex- penditure. The former might then exceed the estimate, while the latter could not do so; and thus a deficiency at theyear's end would be effectually avoided. But this now appears to be an Old-World and exploded principle. To " have " things as they ought to be," you should expect to receive more than you are ever likely to get, and base youi expenditure upon that unwarranted expectation. This is the financial dis- covery of the apologists of the M'Cul loch Ministry. So miserable is the mess into which, after four years and a hall of office, the Government have brought the colony, that they are driven to pul forwaid such nonsense as this as the best defence of their financial adminis tration. In explanation of the great falling of in the Customs, we are now assurée that the changes made in the tariff; as it passed through the Assembly account for £53,895 of the amount But this is a pure invention. Tin changes made by the House in tin tariff increased the receipts enormous!}' In only two items were the proposals o the Government interfered with, viz. spirits and the new duties. In regare to the first of these, Mr. YERDOX said when he submitted Ms budget :-" It ii " the intention of my honourable col " league, that after the first day o " July next, duty shall be collectei " on all spirits as of proof. Tin " financial advantage of this chang " is not great-we shall get per " haps £20,000 more under this nev " system of collection." The tinn vvas altered to the 1st October; an< fiom a return presented just befon Parliament was last prorogued, it ap peais that the " financial advantage" o the change was not £20,000, bu £130,000-that, in fact, the latte sum had been obtained in 1867, ii anticipation of the revenue of 1S6S Thus, by this one alteration, the revenu was actually increased to the extent o £110,000. The changes made in th new duties had the same effect, thoug on a smaller scale. £10,000 was eî pected to be lost by the reduction in th duty on oils, but by the increase c the ad valorem rates on some good from five to ten per cent., a gain c £21,500 tvas expected. Thus the alta ations made in committee in the nei duties should have increased the revenu from them by £11,500 ; this, added t the increase on spirits from the sam cause, should have actually swollen th icvenue of the year by £121,500. Th fact is, that had it not been for thes changes, the deficiency in the Custom! instead of being as it is, £118,66Í would have been £240,163. Yet th public is now assured that " the alten " tionsmade in the tariff when the mel " sure was passing through committee, account for £53,895 of the present di ficiency. Surely Mr. FHANCIS, with h inexhaustible powers of speech and CJ traordinary vocabulary, will try to oft'i some more truthful and less absui defence of the Ministerial finance tha this. It seems that the Committee of the Melbourne Hospital has ex- tended its prohibition beyond bottled porter, and has pronounced authorita ti\ ely against the supply of iodine paint. Dr. ROBERTSON has most oppor- tunely enlightened the public as to the value of this article of the Materia Medica, else might it have been sup- posed that iodine paint was among those precious articles that are worth more than their weight in gold. In a burst of. sympathy for the sufferings of the afflicted poor, one of the committee lately declared himself ready to con- sent to the supply of medicines that might cost 500 guineas an ounce, if the medical attendant con- sidered them necessary. But iu this, as in a great many other instances in the world, we find profession and prac- tice unfortunately at variance, for, not- withstanding the statements of the gush- ing committee-man, the paint, which Dr. ROBERTSON assures us costs only threepence an ounce, has been with- held by a special resolution of the com- mittee. That is to say, it has been with- held so far as its being dispensed to the patients themselves is concerned. To be sure there is no apparent rea- son why iodine paint should have been selected in preference to epsom salts or quinine j but as it was necessary in the opinion of the committee to begin the cheese-paring system somewhere, and as iodine paint was as good as anything else to begin with, they began with it accordingly. It is no doubt a very agreeable pastime to the committee to exercise absolute authority in these matters of paint and porter, but perhaps it may be as well to enlighten the public on some of the effects of the playfu! despotism they seem disposed to es tabliali. Iodine paint, or tincture of iodine for they are the same thing, is an bx trcmcly useful- external application in the treatment of many kinds of Well- ings, of enlarged joints, of several forms of rheumatism, and of other prevalent affections, of which- there are numerous examples in the Melbourne Hospital. The efficacy of the treatment by iodine in many of these instances depends greatly upon the regularity of its appli- cation ; and as the patient can apply it himself quite as well as the medical attendant, the most convenient plan to adopt is to give linn, say a . week's or a fortnight's supply, and instruct him to use it for that tune. In cases where the patient lives in the country, and especially where frequent visits to town would be both painful and expensive, such an arrangement suits perfectly the circumstances, both of the' patient and the attendant, especially in hospital practice ; for i,t saves the former much needless pam and fatigue, and the latter the trouble of having to do what can be done equally well by the patient him- self.- But the Hospital Committee are of a different opinion. They have decided that patients are not to be trusted with this precious pigment, at three- pence per imperial ounce j and so they have commanded all patients under- going the process of joint or tumour painting incontinently to repair to the Hospital, whenever the process requires to be repeated. "Whether the committee think there is some mysterious artistic touch necessary to the efficient perform- ance of the painting, is not so clear; .for though we know their decis'on, we do not know their reason. It is, how- ever, quite clear that unfortunate cripples are compelled to come miles into town to have done what they could quite as easily do themselves ; and thus a great deal of time is lost, and a great amount of avoidable suffering is en- dured. Up to this point, bottled porter and iodine paint are the only two articles whose supply is known to be interfered ?\\\itk by the committee. But for any- thing we can tell, every other item in the dietary scale, and every other article in the Materia Medica, may be similarly limited. We know from Dr. ROBERT- SON that the medical staff are certainly prohibited from ordering any medicine not in the Hospital Pharmacopceia, no matter how essential they may consider it for the recovery of a patient. To the committee the British Pharmacopceia is nothing, the Hospital Pharmacopceia everything ; and, for anything we know, there is appended to the latter work a table of quantities beyond which no medical officer must go, at the peril oí his appointment. The wonder is, in- deed, that any physician or surgeon of this institution ventures upon any treat- ment of a patient at all, for instead of feeling that his only course properly con- sists in endeavouring to get the patient well as fast as he can, he cannot help being embarrassed by the endeavour to confine his treatment within the circle so rigidly defined by the committee ; 01 if he be independent enough to feel thL¡ sort of restraint irksome, he cannot heir: being continually irritated by the con sciousness of having to submit to sue! a limitation. To the presence of the medical ele ment in the committee this mischievoiu interference is mainly due. No purely lay committee would ever have venturer! upon the offensive course of conduce wliich has lately characterised tin managing board of this charity. I may not be that the medical mein hers of it have always directly corni selled what has been done to hinder the usefulness of the medical staff, but verj much, if not all, that has been done ii this direction has grown out of a feelin< that it was safe to do it with the im plied sanction of so many medical mei on the committee, and thus professiona discord has been provoked, and, what i of more importance to the public, tin interests of the poor creatures for whosi benefit the charity exists have been'im periUed, if not sacrificed. But though it is eminently undesirabl that the members of the medical stal of this or any other public charit; should be members of committee, eithe ex officio or by election, it is an unques tionable evidence of bad taste, if not o something worse, for any medica man not officially connected yvitl an institution which includes medica men among its officers, to permit bim self to be appointed on the committee more especially if there happen to b any reason for supposing that he is at tuated by motives other than thos springing from an unbiassed desire t be useful. The disregard of this feeliu has added another complication to man already referred to. The very oui spoken manner in which Dr. THOMAI Dr. ROBERTSON, and Dr. CUTTS hav expressed themselves on the inconvi nience, to use no stronger term, of com billing the medical with the lay elemer in the committees of our public charitiei should have some weight in déterminai the subscribers of the Melbourne Ho pital to give practical effect to th unanimous resolution adopted by th honorary staff the other day; and ; they do not also elect some preferab men in place of those lay membei whose period of office has expired, the will not deserve that the really worth members of the profession should git their valuable services in furtherance < the charity's objects. It is contendc that the members of the committee, bol of the Hospital and Benevolent Asylui do not consist principally of eligib persons, simply because eligible persoi do not exhibit a readiness to serve c these committees ; and probably there some truth in this remark. The san objectionable names appearing year aft year certaiulysuggests adearthof suitab people. But the little that has bei known of the committees ot-Jhe bodies, until very lately, has kefs« am out of the range of public attention*.**1' has not occurred to anybody but to ti limited few, who, for special reasoi have been brought to interest thei selves in public charities, that they we of sufficient importance to demand t little sacrifice of time required of the It is only recently that the proceedin of the committees of our metropolit charities have been reported, and th« is at this moment probably a larj amount of public attention direct "'to them than ' has been the case from their foundation ; and this) simply because their weekly doings have been made known. There is, no reason, as we have before re- marked, why these bodies should notj represent the intelligence and business! ability of our average community ; and .when they do, as wo trust to see them, i-epresent these qualities, and when the . medicti staff occupy the position iii i connoSon with them to which their . speft'Til functions point, there will be little fear of such foolish proceedings as the checking of single bottles of porter, the withholding of threepennyworth of iodine paint, or the limitation of pre- scriptions to a private pharmacopoeia, which may contain no one drug the pre- server desires to use. ' We have, it seems, yet to receive a full ex- planation of the consequences which are to .attend the arrangement now made for a ' thiitccnth English mail delivery in the year. . By the last mail we were made completely aware of the alterations in the arrivals and . dcpai tmes for the year, and that they were . the result of an extension . of the Indian \- contract with the Peninsular and Oriental . Company ; but hy our special late telegram, -?which gave us London news to December 7, itheiecamo the additional intelligence, not . only that the Brindis! route had been re- jected and that twenty-four hours were to he ?saved by calling at Messina instead of Malta, '?hut that "the postage is increased 3d. per ounce." On inquiries made after a proper .interval, wc find that this piece of news has mot íeacíied the authorities here. The deputy ? postmaster-general knows nothing of it ; and it follows, either that we can only surmise that the home authorities omitted to com onunicate so important a fact to the Govern-1 vjuenl here, or else that the change of rates ??«.ill only affect India and China. The last, .we believe, is the true explanation of the .case. The Australian postage is not .alteied. We regret to learn that Mr. Andrew Lyell has finally determined not to contest the representation of Castlemaine. He finds that .lie cannot, with a due regard to his business, .give up to politics the time that a Parliamen- tary life demands. A telegram from Dayles 'ford informs us that Mr. Stanbridge, a 'local resident possessed ^f considerable pro- perty in the district, has been nominated for 'Creswick district, in the interests of the Op- position. Mr. Henry Levy was yesterday /nominated for Maryborough. He was a ixnembcr of the borough council, and an active ijnember of the board of management of al .most every local charity, in Mary borough foi -some yeais. Mr. Joyce, it is understood, -retires in Mr. Levy's favour. Last night Mr, B. G. Davies left town for Dunolly, to meei the electors, but he and Mr. Grant havcbeeri ?letumed unopposed for Avoca, as Mr. Wil- liams has been for'Maldon, and Messrs. Sul livan and Casey for Mandurang. Last nighl Messrs. Bowman and M'Kean proceeded te Maryborough to keep their pretensions befon the public. It will bo seen from our adver tising columns that Mr. Aspinall has endec the unceitainty of his movements by de 'daring himself a candidate for St. Kilda and thus has relieved the Constitutiona party of any difficulty in finding an opponem for Mr. Clews. We regret to learn, by tele gram norn Wahgunyah, that Mr. John On lias fallen away from the faith which he for . nieily professed, ne appears, at some meet ung held in that locality, to have pledgee himself to support the inclusion of the Darlinj grant in the Appropriation Bill. The nead-quarters Band will play, thii afternoon, from half-past three to half-pas live o'clock, in the Kitzroy-gardens. The foi lowing is the programme :-1. March, " Schil 1er," Meyerbeer; 2. Quadrille, "The Camp hells ate Coming," Julien ; 3. Selection fron " La Foiza del Destino," Verdi ; 4. Overture "The Merry Wives," Nicalai; 5. Waltz " Olymp," Larmer ; G. Selection fron "Othello," Rossini ; 7. Galop, " Tritsch Tiatsch," Stiauss. The Chamber of Commerce yesterday sen a deputation-consisting of Mr. George Martii (piciident), Mr. Lorimer (the vice-president] Mr. Blackwood, Mr. Iloss, and the secretar . (Mr. Cowderoy),-to wait upon His Excellenc the Governor, at the Treasury, to represen the adv isability of instructions being issue .by the Imperial authorities to Her Majesty ships in Australian and New Zealand waters t visit periodically the Auckland and other ur inhabited islands lying in the track of vessel hound to or from the colonies, for the pu: pose of examining them for the rescue c shipwrecked people. His Excellency state that his views accorded with those of the di putation, and promised to forward a menu liai from the chamber to the Imperial au tin xities. Mr. M'Culloch was present. It has been decided by the Minister < Public Works, Mr. Vale, that the housi -built on the land lately sold by the Govert ment near the junction of Brunswick-strci and the Ilcidelberg-road are not to be sit] plied with water from the Yan Yean. . ? deputation from Fitzroy, consisting of ti mayor (Councillor Michael), and Councillo: Itushall, Dethridge, Scotcbmer, the town der] and the town surveyor, waited on Mr. Va yesterday, to ask that the Yan Yean mail ?might be laid on to the twenty-five house inhabited by over one hundred persons, late .built on the ground. It was pointed out tin the convenience of these water mains won! be enormous-that it would greatly encoura,< . /building, and, besides, enhance the value i .the building sites in that neighbourhoc which the Government had yet to sell. Th was the effect of the arguments used by eat . of the councillors present ; and Mr. Vale r I'lied that it was not the intention of the d partment to undertake a new work that di not pay ten per cent, on the expenditui .and that, therefore, he would not accede »the request ; besides, ho had no funds at li . disposal at the present time ; nevertheles when the money voted for kindred purpos was being divided next year he would co sider the claims of this district. The deput vtion then withdrew. Yesterday a deputation from the committ .of the Asylum and School for the Blin . consisting of Messrs. Harker, J. Moore, The Dickson, and Thos. Alston, waited upon ti ' Treasurer, for the purpose of asking for a . ditional aid for the institution. The deput 'tion asked that there might be placed on t! Estimates the sum of £2,000 for building pt .poses, £1,000 for fittings and furniture, ai £1,000 for maintenance for the present yee 'The attention of the Treasurer was parrie zlarly directed to the fact that unless mc .money was granted for building the desi] .which the committee had adopted could n ?fee carried out; and the deputation stronf vurged the importance of the institution. Ii Verdon did not givo the deputation a -encouragement, but promised that if ti «would send in a statement in writing .would bring the matter under the notice 'his colleagues. The deputation then wil . drew. An application was to have been made Mr. JusUc^íarry yesterday, for a mandam <to compéTthe insertion on the electoral r -of Brighton of a number of persons w .claimed to be ratepayers. As the counsel w opposed tl.o application were not prepared .proceed, the case was adjourned till n« ?week. Yesterday, in chambers, his Honour Ä -Justice Barry, on the application of 1 Webb, on behalf of the Band of Hope Co ¡pany, granted an order nisi for a prohibiti .restraining the St. George United Comps ¡from carrying out the order for inspecti granted'them by the warden a few days ago. The order is returnable in fourteen days. j The weekly meeting of the Council of the Acclimatisation Society met, as usual, yester- day. Present-Dr. Black, Professor M'Coy, Colonel Champ, Dr. J. Black, Mr. Steavenson, and Mr, Purchas. A letter was read from the Geelong Society, asking that some of the skylarks recently imported might be liberated in the Geelong Botanic-gardens. It was de- cided to send down ten pairs there ; and also to liberate a few in the vicinity of Mount Erica, Prahran, where a lark has been heard singing for the past three years. At the sug- gestion of Dr. Black, it was also determined, in case the Government should send the Vic- toria to the Auckland Islands, to prepare a large shipment of goats, fowls, and pigeons for the purpose of being turned loose there -the animals which were formerly sent by the society having turned out very well, con- sidering the shortness of the time which had elapsed after they were placed on the island when they were found by the survivors of the General Grant. The prolific pencil of Mr. Gully, whoso beautiful water-colour sketches have by this time'become quite familiar to our Melbourne-' connoisseurs, has added two moiepictuies of New Zealand scenery to the extensive series taken from his easel .to enrich the store of art treasures in our city. The subject of both pictures is Mount Egmont, each pre- senting a diffeient aspect. This remarkable feature in the landscape of the province of Taranaki, rising to a height of 8,000ft. above the level of the sea, and stand- ing alone, as viewed from one side in the centre of, an extensive plain, is evi- dently a favourite subject vitk Mr. Gully, and has been treated by lum several times bernie, but never, we think, more success- fully. In these, as in most of his works, Mr. Gully lias succeeded admirably in producing tho impression of vast distances, which'are heightened" by the remarkable manner in which he treats sky and atmospheie. These, in conti adistinction to his foregrounds, which aie always handled in the broadest and boldest possible manner, arc put in with the most delicate touches of the blush ; and the effect produced thereby is always a picture full of life and îeality. One of tie two pictures, which are at present on new at Mr. Hines's pictuie gallciy, Collins-street cast, together with a number of other sketches by the same attist previously noticed by us, were executed by Mr. Gully to the Older of Major-General Chute, to whom the locality- apait from its beauty-must, of course, be one of special interest, owing to the eventful and active career led by the gérerai so recently in the midst of it. It may bo well to call attontion to the fact that all parties possessed of land in the Old Melbourne Cemetery, and wishing to retain it, must give notice before the 8th of Februaiy to the Board of Land and Works of their in- tention to claim their right. If they neglect lo do so, they will be liable, under the piovi sions of the Public Health Act, to lose their land altogether. The annual meeting of subscribers to the Mechanics' Institute was held last night; Mr. Gillbee in the chair. The report of the committee stated that the finances of the in- stitution were in a satisfactory condition, mid that the revenue of the year was within a few pounds of £1,000. During the year, 217 volumes had been added to the library. The number of mcmbeis on the loll for 1807 was 437; that of new members, 117; the number of life members, 118 ; and of lion, membeis, l8. Therepoit and balance-sheet were adopted, and office- bearers elected for the ensuing year. At the usual weekly meeting of the Hos-1 pital Committee yesterday, there were pre sent-Mr. II. J. Hart (in the chair), Drs. Motherwell, Giidlcstone, and Knaggs, and Messrs. James (stugeon), Moore, lleinecke, Fenton, H. Levy, D Lyons, and Gibbs. After the usual formal preliminary business, the secretary read a letter from Mr. Rees, resident surgeon, announcing that he hadiesumed his duties. The annual repoit and balance sheet for the year were next brought up in leadiness for the annual meeting of to-day, but their contents were held private till the documents were formally presented to the general body of subscribers. The secretary then called attention to the great and con tinuous exertions during some yeais of the j Itev. W. O. M Finn, of lïeidclberg, and Mr. HobertSutton, of Nunawading. The former gentleman had been unflagging in his efforts to gain help for the hospital, and a consider- able annual sum had resulted. Mr. Sutton was a working blacksmith, and had not only obtained large subscriptions, but had sue-1 cceded in getting up a local committee which sat at stated intervals, for the purpose of furthering the inteiests of the institution, Ile (the secietary) brought the case of these two gentlemen before the com- mittee, that tho piopriety of making them life governors might be considered. The chairman mentioned that the sub ject would have been brought up last year, but the donations in question weie not paid in tillnfterthcannualmeeting. Onthemotion of Mr. James, seconded by Mr. Fenton, it was decided that the general body of sub- scribers at the annual meeting should be recommended to distinguish these gentlemen in the way indicated. The secretary brought forward a complaint by Dr. Jonasson, to the effect that he was treated differently to the other honorary medical officers, inasmuch as his out- patients weie not admitted to the hospital upon his recommendation, to their gi eat injury. A conversation ensued, during which the committee generally expressed their entire conciurence in two propositions laid down by Mr. James and Dr. Girdlestone, viz., that Dr. Jonasson ought to have exactly the same power as the other medical officers, but no more. An inquiry was then insti- tuted, and Dr. Molony, resident physician, sent for. Dr. Molony expressly stated that he fully recognised the right of the honorary medical officers to send in patients without question, save when the beds were full, when the resident officers had to exercise a discie tiön, which, however, had no reference to extreme cases. It was explained that Dr. Jonasson was in no way treated differ- ently to others, and that in the last case, in which one of his patients had been refused, the beds were completely crowded ; many were made up on the floor, and the executive committee had confirmed the action of the resident medical officers. It was ordered that a letter should be sent to Dr. Jonasson, explaining that the rule was to receive the patients recommended by him without question, save when there was no room, and discretionary action was needed. Tho draft report was next considered, and in answer to Mr. James, the chairman said that no reference was to be made to the subject of the establishment of a convalescent hospital. Mr. James moved that this bo done, as he desired that the question should not be lost sight of. Mr. Heinecke seconded the motion. Mr. Gibbs saw no need to talk of what there could not yet be any means to cany out. Mr. James dwelt on the numerous deaths which resulted from keeping convalescent patients in an establishment where their appetites were not likely soon to return, and secondary fe\crwas so probable. Dr. Motherwell ob- served that the question would necessitate the inquiry as to what had become of £105 out of the £200 set aside for the convalescent patients. The chairman replied that Dr. Motherwell well knew how worthily the money had been spent. Dr. Knaggs and Mr. Moore also opposed the mention of the sub- ject ia the report, and the motion of Mr. James, that it should be alluded to, was negatived. The draft report was then adopted, and the meeting closed. We understand that the amount of the insurances by the Southern Insurance Com pany in connexion with the burning of thei ship City of Melbourne, amounted to £14,000, i of which one-half .was re-insured in other' offices. The Victorian Company are inter-l ' ested to the extent of about £1,000, and the Australasian office only so far as regards somej thirty-six bales of wool. The great bulk of the insurances will fall on English offices. ' We regret to learn that Mr. N. W. Pollard, of the Water Supply department, died sud- denly yesterday, of apoplexy.' He'hadbeen for a very long period in the ,scrvice of the Government of this colony, and latterly con- tributed some able letters on railway ex-! tension and water supply to the public journals. '. . , From a return published in the Gazette,, we observe that at the end,of 18GC there were 01,170 gallons of colonial distilled spirits in bond, and that during 1867 that quantity was increased by only 381 gallons. During 1807 the quantity delivered for home con-! sumption was only 14,073 gallons, and for exportation, 388 gallons. There remained in the Customs bond on the 31st of December, 41,373 gallons. , 'A post-office savings bank is to, be, opened at Brighton the 1st of Fcbmary. ~ ' ' A reward of £10, with a free pardon to an accomplice, is offered for the conviction of the person or persons who, on the 1st of January, injured three cows and a horse, at Mount Ida, near Heathcote, by firing at them -with shot. I The registrar-general's returns show that in! the month of December there wcreinMcl-' i bourne and the suburban boroughs 371 deaths, there heing 200 under, and 171 over five years of age. Thedeath8 of males numbered 214, and of females 157. The average of deaths was low, that for the eight years last past being, 40ö. The mean temperature was also low, being 02°, or 1" under the average of the same number of years. A correspondent in Bichmond who signs himself "Inquirer" repeats a complaint against the Hobson's Bay Company's arrange- ment of trains, which has been made before. He says ¡-"Between 9.20 and 9.50 a.m. no train is stopped at Eichmond, so that, those Melbourne men whose business begins at the very common hour of ten o'clock, are compelled to go to town by the 9.20 a.m. train, and walk about until the time, or be late at their business if they wait for the next, for no one can leave Richmond at O.CG-presuming that the train is not late and be in the centre of the city at ten. This is the more strange when it is borne in mind that two trains ran past Bichmond, withoul stopping, between the times stated. Why the passengers at one of their best- paying stations should be so treated, I am at a loss to dis cover." The annual meeting of the subscribers ol the Melbourne Hospital will take place to day, at twelve o'clock. Four vacancies will have to he filled up in the committee, andamonf the candidates offering themselves for this put pose are the Be v. Dr. Blcasdale and ti« Very Rev. Dean Macartney. Mr. Gillbei offers himself for re-election, and there an several other names whose principal eborac teristic is their extreme incligibility. Con sideling the strong interest just now felt ii the public charities of this city, there ougln to be a full attendance at the meeting The annual meeting of the subscribers to tin Benevolent Asylum will also take place this evening, at half-past seven o'clock, at tin Mechanics' Institute. At this meeting th( whole of the committee, in number eighteen have to be elected. Several very eligibli gentlemen, not previously connected with tin asylum, have come forward as candidates and it is to hoped they will take the place o those elements requiring elimination. Afte: tlie general meeting there will be. a specia meeting for the consideration of the draft o the amended rules. These have been modi fied to suit the progress of the institu tion, but there is one proposed amond mont which can hardly be regarded a an improvement, namely, the rule male ing the election of the honorary medica staff an annual instead of a biennial act No doubt the election for ten years, as in tin case of the staff of the Melbourne Hospital would be a mistake, but it is surely going to the other extreme to insure the physician o surgeon only a twelvemonth's tenure o office, considering the trouble and expons to which candidates for these appointment are generally put. We believe a elesiro exist in the minds of many of the subscribers ti this institution to bring it within the contre of the Incorporated Charities Act, aiid it i understood that some endeavour will b made to initiate proceedings towards such result this evening. If this be decided upor the election of two trustees-also a part c the business to-night-will be rendered nu necessary. The report which has been recently circi lated, to the effect that Detective Hams ha recently arrived from New Zealand for til purpose of re-arresting Mrs. Anna Mari O'Neil, was without foundation. The objei of Hams' visit was to deliver up to custocl at the proper quarter, a prisoner who ha been arrested in New Zealand on a charge < forgery at Ballarat. Hams returned to Ne Zealand by the Gothenburg on Saturday. Last night a number of gentlemen met i the Foresters'-hall, Williamstown, to coi sider the propriety of presenting a test monial to Mr. John Courtis, a well-know resident, pievious to his departure for Eui land in the Omar Pasha. A committee, coi sisting of Messrs. Mason, Power, M'Culbin and otheis, were appointed to collect sul scriptions and carry out the views of ti meeting. Mary Couzens, landlady of the Cross Ke; Hotel, Bussell street, was charged at ti City Court, yesterday, with having procure Ellen Doyle, a girl aged sixteen or eightee years, for immoral purposes. Inspector Dol son informed the magistrates that the charj: would be abandoned by the police, as thei was insufficient evidence to insure convictioi and.proceedings had been entered in anothi court. The prisoner was then dischargci Afterwards, at the District Court, ti woman was charged under the 40th se tion of the Police Offences Statute, wil allowing profligate and disorderly persons ' congregate in her licensed house, the Cro Keys Hotel, Russell-street. The evidenco > two witnesses-Julia Murphy, aged twen years, and Ellen Doyle, aged eighteen years was taken. The young women arrived in ti colony about six months ago, having hw Government immigrants per ship White Sta They effected an engagement at Geelong, b subsequently returned to Melbourne, who they sought shelter and protection at ti convent of the Sisters of Mercy, Ntcholso street. Here they remained for a few daj when, according to an assertion of Doyl they had been compelled to leave in cons quenco of a disagreement having arisen t tween Murphy and the superioress. Doj then absented herself from Murphy's compai for one night, and when questioned next d by Murphy, sho replied that she had been lodgings, and had succeeded in obtaini: situations for herself and Murphy. Tho i troduction of Murphy by Doyle to Couzci at the Cross Keys Hotel, quickly followc and the evidence from this point reveal circumstances which aro inseparably co nected with the vilest profligacy. The e dence given by Murphy was at comph variance with the assertions and denii made by Doyle, whose glib and reckless st; of statement frequently evoked expressions disapprobation from the listeners in cou While in the witness-box she appeared to rehearsing a well-conned lesson. Poli sergeant Summerhayes was placed in I box, but his examination had scarcely beg when Mr. Hackett said he would postpc the hearing of the case until Friday, in on to procure the attendance of material v nesscs. Although subjected fó a sev'crecross-' examination by Mr. Bead, Murphy's evidence! remained unshaken? "" i Wc see by a Western paper, that a fue oc-1 curred ,at the Elingamite during Monday! night, -d'liich resulted in the total destruction! of Mi. Robcrts's skw-mili,'situate about seven miles from the town of Cobden. It,apr/ears that the works, comprising whatis known as the Elingamite Saw-null, were left by the owner and workpeople 'of the place on Mon- day night to all appearance in perfect safety, but on proceeding to the mill on the follow- ing morning, they discoveted that tho entire property was íeduced to ashes,, and the work-! ing plant, consisting of saw s, vertical frames, driving gear, &c.;, rendered totally useless for further, work. The engine' itself was not| much damaged, and a. largo' stock of timber ¡ j fortunately escaped, but it ,wiil be several' weeks befoic operations can bo resumed at' the mills, and Mr. Poberts is a loser by the! catastrophe to the amount of £200, the pio-| perty being uninsured. , Nothing has yet been ascertained respect-1 ing the whereabouts of the Chinaman' who i committed the late outrage at Epsom. The girl who was wounded 'is said to bo in a fair way of recovery. The driver of the Hamilton coach from Dunkeld inforrm the Spectator, that a few days ago, "during thehailstoim," a Shower of frogB fell at a spot botween that township and Hamilton. The occurrence seems to have taken place on the day on which a similar! living shower is stated to have fallen at Echuca.1 l ,; ' Two lads, named nenry Keck and John Mitchell, of about seventeen years of age, emplojcd in a newspaper office at Sandhurst, have been biought up and fined 10s. each for trespassing on the railway, and rolling a pair of lorry u heels across the line. The Hamilton Spectator leports two in- quests that have been lccently held by the district'coroner. "The first was on some human remains found in a hollowtree on Mojne Falls Station, near Eumeiella, and which discoiery we recently mentioned. The remains consisted of a few bones and a skull, which, on examination, proved to be those of a European. In the absence of some of the indicatory bones it was impossible to decide whether they belonged to a male or female. The: e was no evidence to show the causo or means of death, and the jury returned au opien -verdict. The second inquest was on the body of a still-born female child, bom by Mai gai et Betts, wife of George Betts, stone- mason, Eumerella. The evidence disclosed that the wife had been subject to a couise of brutal tieatment at the hands of her husband, while in a state of pregnancy. The jut y found that death was caused by the t iolence of the man Betts, and returned a-verdict to that effect. The husband, who was present at the inquest, was allowed to cross-e\amine the witnesses, and was subsequently com- mitted by the coionci to Belfast gaol, to take his trial foi manslaughtci." The tent of a Chinese miner was binned dow n at Campbell's Cieek on Monday, when a box containing £00 m notes was de- stroyed. Joseph Gorry, the person who was alleged to have victimised some tradesmen at Ctes ?« ick by obtaining goods "under false |pre tences, ha\ing given himself into custody, the case against him was heaid at Creswick on Saturday. Some evidence having been taken, the caso was remanded. Writing in reference to the mining opera- tions in Webstcr-stredt, the Ballarat Star says :-" One little fact is often better than a great deal of argument. Much has been said about tho richness of the ground in Webster street, and the inexpensive chaiacter of the operations there. Tho îeturns obtained by the Webstei-street Fiechold Company to the present dato will cover the whole of its outlay, The gold obtained during the first week of regular washing will in all likeli- hood pay the total cost of the Young Duke, Gieat Webster, and Young Unicorn Com- panies. The money paid for land is not in- cluded in the cost, but mciely the outlay foi labour, machinery, and material." An inquest has been held at Sandhurst on the body of the female child found OH the 20th inst. in one of the stieets of the town. It seemed probable that death was caused by suffocation, Nothing whatever had been ascertained relative to the paientage of the child, and the jury returned an open ver. diet. The Piovincial Council of Auckland have hit upon rather a nov c1 mode of inducing emigrants to settle theie. Under the New Amended Settlement of the Waste Lands Act, lately passed, provision is made whorobj each immigrant is entitled to a block of land for himself, wife, children, and servant, ?whether of age or under. And, to bring the provisions of the act into practical foice, local agents are bung appointed in different parts of Victoria. Ycsteiday was the day appointed by the committee of management of the Geelong Hospital for the specific charges made against the resident surgeon byDrs. Day and Pincott, to be handed to that officer in writing. The íesolution of the committee was not acted upon. Dr. Pincott declines to pioceed fur- ther in the present form of procedure, and states that he will seek to attain his object by a Government inquiry, having no faith in the constitution of tho committee of tho hos- pital. We observe from the Sydney papera of the 25th inst., that a piesentation is to be made as a marie of respect to Mr. Charles Laurence, the well-known cricketer, who is about te accompany the aboriginal cricketing team to England. Intelligence fiom Queensland mentions the loss of a party of nine men, who had gone on a boat excursion norn Bowon to Glouóester. Island., They appeal to have been over- taken in a stoim, in which their boat was upset. The arrangements between the directors of the Launceston and Western Railway Com- pany and the managers and inspectais of the Union Bank of Australia, Launceston, with reference to the advance of a portion of the £50,000paid or to be paid by the sharoholders, have been brought to a satisfactory conclu- sion, and nothing now stands in the way oi the progress of the work. It was recently îepoited at Christchurch Canterbury, that fine gold had been found over an extensive district near Otaki. Dr. nector was despatched to the sceno to ox amino and report. Ho found the gold to be " new-chum" gold, or mica. On tho subject of the forthcoming Cham pion Haces at Launceston, the Cormoah Chronicle of the 25th instant writes:-"The carnival week of tho Northern capital is drawing vciy aieai, the Champion ltaces being fixed for Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, the 18th, 19th, and 20th February. This will be the best meet that has ever taker place in Tasmania. We will have five of the finest cracks in tho Australian colonies meei each other in the Launceston Champion Cur -a three-mile race-Tasmania's Strop, Vic toria's Fishhook, Sydney's Tim Whifflor anc Fireworks, and Adelaide's Cowra. Monday the 10th February, is the night of genera entry, from seven to ten p.m., onorbefon which day all stakes or forfeits must bomadi good." "The Lady of Lyons" was played at th< Theatre Bojal last night to an excellen house. Mr. Anderson, as Claude Meluotî'e met with a very favourable reception, am was called before the curtain at the close o each act. To-night, Mr. Anderson will ar pear as Virginius. An etTor appeared in the leading artiolo i jesterdaj's issue. It was stated that Mi A'Bcckett at the last election polled 183 vote more than wns polled by the Constitutiotu candidate in 1806. The number should have < been 85, not 185. Messrs, Powers, Rutherford, and Co. re- quest us to correct an error in the report of a scab case at the District Court, which ap- peared in The Arana of yesterday, in which .they are stated to he the owners of the sheep ' in question, whereas the only interest they had in the matter was the commission to be derived from the salo of them. The annual conversazione in connexion ¡ .with St. Philip's Church, East Collingwood, took place, on Friday evening last, in the schoolroom, it being the third anniversary of the incumbent's (the Rev. B. S. Walker) residence in the parish. A most enjoyable evening was spent. After the parishioners had been regaled with some of tho choicest delicacies of the season, and a little time ab- sorbed in pleasant conversation, music, sing- ing, readings, and recitations, were provided, and constituted the latter portion of the evening's amusement. The room was well filled, and the object sought by the Rev. Mir. Walker through these annual gatherings, viz., the promotion of socialunion and friendship, seemed on this occasion to have been at . taincd. The thirteenth annual meeting of the sub- scribers to the Geelong Protestant Orphan Asylum was held yesterday ; the mayor pre- siding. Tlie report adopted showed that since 1855 no less than 212 orphans had boen educated in the asylum, and. that at the pre- sent time there were fifty-six boys aud fifty . one girls in the establishment. Of these, six boys and two girls had been received during the yoar. During the same period four boys had been handed over to their mothers, five boys had been apprenticed to vincgrowers .and gardeners, one to farming pursuits, and one to the bakery trade, and two girls had been indentured as domestic servants. The chief difficulty the committee had had to contend against arose from the connexion of the educational department with the Boartl of Education, and at longth they wero com- pelled to sever that connexion, since which time the efficiency of, the school had been on the inciease. One death only had occurred during the year, and the committee were pleased to state that they had been placed in a position to claim the full amount of the Government grant for the year, thanks to the exertions of the sécré- tai y. The subscriptions were in excess of those of the previous year. The îeports hav- ing been adopted, thanks were recorded to the retiring officers and committee, and u new committee of eighteen having been ap- pointed, the proceedings terminated. Ycsteiday evening the second anniversary tea meeting of the George-street Baptist Chapel, Fitzroy,.took place. It was a suc- cess. After the tea a public meeting was held, the pastor of the chinch (the Rev. W. T. Bryant) occupying the choir. The secretary of the church (Mr. Illinç woith) read the annual report. From it we learn that theio has been an increase of 161 members to the church during tho year ; also, that there is still a debt of £1,050 re- maining on the building. Tho meeting was afterwards addiesscd by the Revs. James Taylor, of CollinS-strcet ; W. Poole, of Caul- field ; Mr. Bently, of Brunswick ; W. Whit- ney, Brighton ; S. Finklestein, of West Mel- bourne ; an el N. Kinsman ; also, by Mr. Walter New. The choir, under tho leader- ship of Mr. lllingwoith, sang several pieces vert' creditably. AVo have handed over the cheque for one guinea, received a short time ago from "A True Briton," towards the publication of Mr. Duffy's speech at Kyneton, to the secretary of the Constitutional Registration Associa- tion, by whom the address has been pub- lished. The collector of the Benevolent Asylum begs to acknowledge the sum of £58 4s. 4d., collected at St. Francis's Church, after a very impressive appeal from the Very Rev. Father Lentaigne, S. J. : also, £17 13s. 10d., from St. Patrick's ; and £4 2s. Sd., from St. Mary's, in aid of the funds of this institution. 