' .v ????'' /' ,DULL SERMONS. ?! ! '..'.' There are few countries or colonies where the people have erected more houses of worship in a brief space of time than in Victoria. There is scarcely a district, without a committee of modern temple building Solomons. The zeal for chuirch \- building is confined to no particular sect. ? . It is developed more fully in some branches of the Christian church tjian in others, but much negligence | in this respect can scarcely be laid ! to the charge of any. In furtherance; of tile celebration of public worship minis ters are appointed who, despite the 'ex ? poauve of social failure in a few excep tional cases, are earnest, well-meaning and sincere men. Their moral character is irreproachable. They lead blameless ? lives, and offer excellent examples for the imitation of other heads of families. They neglect not the poor, and are assi duous in the due fulfilment of those duties for which they consider ? them selves responsible. They miss no oppoiv tunity of pushing; on the good work , in which they are engaged. They take counsel together in synod or assembly, and sparethemselves in nothing that they consider tends to the accomplishment of ?the task to whioh they have put their !hands. : . : And yet with all this the mission of many of these men is an obvious failure. They preach dull sermonQ. They fail in discovering the key note to the hearts of /men and womeni Nor is dulneas tho only fault of those prosy discourses which ex cite in the listener an irrespressible desire to escape a painful infliction. Too many' modern preachers form their style upon the discourses of centuries back., These de liverances are shreds of the parchment and dry bones of a past generation. They preach to the ghosts of dead congrega tions whilst living men are crowded round them. Sometimes adult congre gations are condemned to listen to ;a ? repetition of Scripture stories, suited to the limited understandings of : the infant Bible-class. Sometimes .a modern as semblage of Christian worshippers is lec tured iipon :points of belief as though they habitually bowed the knee to a prac ticable Baal, or literally cast themselves under the whoehi of Juggernaut. . The sermon nine times but of ten is an utter anachronism. A few centuries back jit might have appealed to the minds and circumstances of their existing congre gations, but it is without auy useful bearing now. In not a few cases the sins of the poor are over well rehearsed to the comparative oblivion of the peccadilloes of the rich contributor to the church's coffers. Not perhaps with any definitely sordid motive, but from a feeling that another opportunity would present itself, when the end might, be accomplished without offending by pointed public comment and reproof. How often dobs the average preacher actually raise doubts by setting up rotten props of bad argu ment, intended to support great truths built Upon sure foundations in ] his hearers' minds? There' are 'preachers of a certain school who consider that they are performing their duty when they con demn their Sabbath audiences to dis courses patched up eut of Scripture sen tences worked into a kind of mosaic. Others again incline to paraphrasing the noble yet, simple! language of the Bible into turgid meaningj,e3sness. In hundreds^ of cases the sermon is composed much as lads write themes at school. There must be as much manuscript jas will decently fill the given number iof minutes which the preacher assigns'to himself. If disinclined to essay-writing next week, pulpits are exchanged, and second-hand, pabulum administered tp: another grsup of unedified listeners, i Of course it would be unreasonable', to expect that every one who. assumed the ministerial office should be a miracle of talent and brilliant oratory. ; There, are other careers open to , such men, and the temporal rewards of the: churches are dot such as to: monopolise all the talent that is available. But there is one vast want in .the majority , . bf , pulpit-preaching. There is a general inapplicability to the, time and circumstances in which mjen live.. Verbal criticism : of doubtful passages is well enough in its way, but' the work of word-dissection palls and becomes weari some. The cold' discussion of ' doctrinal points1 can be found ; in scores of books on polemics. What is more needed than pulpit analyses is earnest pulpit ^xhoi'ta- tiori. ' The Sabbath sermon should bear some sort of relatiori to the wejsk day's pursuits. A discourse which' might ' be telling enough in a Melbourne church would be out of place at Coranderrk or Samoa. The homily which might serve some useful purpose if . addressed to the lads in the training-ship would .missjits aim in St; Peter's or Chalmers' Churches. As a general rule, clergymen instead of preaching over the heads of their congregations, underrate their faith, their understanding, their acquaintance with the truths of Scripture. The preacher who leaves the impress of liis words upon His hearers is he who con neots religion with the every- day wbrk of the world. Such a man so blends the material and the spiritual that the Sun day exhortation is not forgotten in the counting-house or the workshop. There are men of this stamp — men who kaow what the; religion of common life me^ns. And there oan be no surer indication of the fitness of the laity for something better than the decorous dulness— the heavy platitudes of the average preacher— than the universal, esteem ...and admiration which men of all denominations foel,for any one who steps out of the beaten puth and addresses men as Paul did on Mars hill, or as probably did Peter the Hermit when advocating the Crusades. Earnest manliness is a pulpit characteristic too often left out of the account by those who essay to teach and to lead. They forget that to be effective they must; es tablish some chord of human sympathy which will vibrate between the teacher and the taught. The daily journals, in noticing the sermons preached by Bishop Selwyn, point to the pos session by that active- Christian minis ter of a faculty of effective preaching, without extraordinary eloquence. - By placing in juxtaposition quotations from each of the principal daily papers simul taneously published, may be ascertained the effeot of an earnest preacher's address upon the mind of that habitually unim pressionable and: phlegmatic person, the reporter.' Writes one of them:—' The great fault of most sermons is that, however suitable they might have been two hundred years ago, they are out of place now. They are egregious anachro- nisms. The conspicuous merit of the bishop's sermon was its being the utter ance of a man who was evidently in full rapport with the time ia which we live, and the circumstances with which we have to deal. His illustrations, and he had many, were chiefly drawn from the kind of life with: which we are familiar in tho colony.' The other speaks of ' an elo quence essentially vigorous and manly, and breathing with earnestness and zeal in every sentence. It was typical of the man that his discourses of yesterday contained no argument, no explanation, no criticism ; they were exhortations, rich in allusion' and language, fired with emphasis, and delivered with the warmth of one who; felt that he was pleading in the noblest cause.' There are settled amongst ourselves preachers possessed of the qualities thus described, nor is there any need to indicate them by name. Their thronged aisles, filled with men who are glad of the truth spoken aptly and in season, testify that if wor shippers are scarce and pews empty else where, it is because of pulpit lukewarm ness, pulpit feebleness, pulpit inaptitude. Scores of churches are preached empty by the infliction of Sabbath saw-dust. No where is the Demosthenic element of ear- nestness, as the true kernel of eloquence, more required than in the pulpit. The half-hearted, careless doctor or cobbler who ignored a century's progress would secure few patients or customers. Nor can the clergy, if they desire to be prac tically useful, afford to lag behind the times in which their sphere of action lies. 