-NO THIIOOUIHPARIE. aT CIAULE? p1cIEos AfD WILtc OOLLIKS." TAM Ertra O?ritmuas ,Vmr of AU th TYcar Pound EXIT .WILDINO On the morning of the neat day, Wilding went out alone, afterleaving a message with his clerk. "If Mr. Vendale should ask for me," he said, "or if Mr. BIintrey should call telltheem I am gone to the Foundling." All that his partner had said to him, all that his lawyer, following on the same side, could urge, had left him persisting unshaken in his own point of, view. To find the lost main whose place he had usurped, was now the paramount Interest of his life, and to inquire at the Foundling was plainly to take the first step in the direction of discovery. To. the Foundling accordingly the wioe.merchant now went.w " SThe once familiar aspect of the building was altered to him, as the look of the portrait over the. chimneypiece was altered to him. His one dearest association with the place which had sheltered his childhood had been broken away from it for ever. A strange reluctance possessed him when be stated his business at the door. Ills heart ached as he sat alone in the waiting.room while. the trea. surer of. the institution was being sent for to see him. When the interview began, it was only by a painful effort that he could compose himself sufficiently to mention the nature of his errand. The treasurer listened with a face which promised all needful attention, and promised nothin more. "W Ye are obliged to be cautious," he said, when it came to his turn to speak, "about all inquiries which are made by strangers." "You can hardly consider me a stranger,' .answered Wilding, simply. ' "I was one of your poor lost children here in the bygone time." The treasurer politely rejoined that this circumstance inspired him' with a special interest in his visitor. But he pressed, never. theless, for that visitor's motive in making his Inquiry. Without further preface, Wilding told him his motive, suppressing nothing. The treasurer rose and led tho way into the room ip whioh the registers of the institu * tion were kept. "All the Information which our books can give is heartily at your ser Svice," ho. said. "After the time that has elapsed, I am afraid it is the only information we have to offer you." The books were consulted, and the entry was found expressed as followst "3rd March,1830. Adopted and removed from the Foundling HIospital, a male infant, named Walter Wilding. Name and condition of the person adopting the child-Mrs. Jane Ann Miller, widow. Address-Lime-tree Lodge, Groombridgo Wells. References the Reverend John IIarker, Groombridge " Wells; and Messrs. Giles, Jeremie, and Giles, bankers, Lombard-street." . "Is that all f". asked the wine-merchant. "Had you no after-communication with Mrs. 'tg;lln,' , "None-or some reference to it must have appeared in this book." . " May I take'a copy of the entry ?" "Certainly .You are a little agitated. Let me make the copy for you." "My only chance, I suppose," said Wilde' ing, looking sadly at the copy, ".Is to inquire at Mrs. Miller's residence, and to try if her references can help me ?" "That Is the only chance I see at present," answered the treasurer. "I heartily wish I could have been of some further asistanco to you." IWith those farewell words to comfort him, Wilding set forth on the journey of investil gation which began from the Foundling 'doors., The first stage to'mdiko for was plainly the house of business of the bankers |in Lombard-street. Two of the partners in the firm were Inaccessible to chance.visitors when he asked for them. The third,' after ,.' raising certain inevitable diticulties, consented '" to lot a clerk examine the ledger marked with the initial letter " M." The account of Mrs. Miller, widow of Groombridge Wells, was found. Two tong lines, In fadedink, were drawn a'cross it; and at the bottom of tho epage there appeared this note:-" Account closed, September 30th, 1837." ' o the first stage of the' journey wa's . reached-and so it ended in No Thorough , fare.,: After sending a note to Cripple Corner to inform his partner that his ab-' sence might be prolonged for some ous., Wilding took his place in the train and ,: * started for the second stage on th journey MIrs. Miller's residence at Groombridf Wells. S Mothers and children travelled withhim; ' mothers 'and children met each other at the station; mothers and children were in the * si ahops:when he 'entered thdm to inquire for Lime.tree Lodge.". Everywhere the nearest e: and dearest of human relations showed itself happily in the happy light of day. .':Eery. where he iwas reminded, of the treasured delusion' from which he had been awakened ' so. cruelly-of the lost memory which had ' passed from him like a reflection from a glass. Inquiring' here, inqulring there, he could .' hear of no such place as Lime.tree Lodge. -Passing a house-agent's office, he' went in Swearily and put the question for the last ,time. he house.agent, pointed across t '.,/ street to a dreary manslon of many windows, _.I,. which might have been ac manufactory, but ., which was an, hotel. "That's whero'Lime. tree Lodge stood, sir," said: the man,," ten years ago. .° ' ' \- The second tage reachedjand No Thorouglh fare again I . ' r . . * ' '. But one chance was left. The clerical ir Ai:frconce,.Mr. larker, still romained to be ', iound , Customers coming in at the momeni ":,to occupy the house-agento attention, Wildion :' went down the street, and entering a book. s ',:' seller's shop asked if ho could be informed i' of the ,b Reverend *John ' IIarker's 'present -i The bookseller looked inaff'otedly shocked 'and astonished, and made no answer.: , , •: *Wildlng repeated his question. . ' Thef bookseller took up from his counter a '''rim little volume ino a binding of sober grey: ~10o handed it to his visitor, open at the titleo Sgo. Wildiog read-' : ' ' ,«The martyrdom of the Ileverond 'John Hflarker in :New Zealand. ilelated, by a, formier member of his flock.' .: r r V;1 ^ * 'Wildlog put the book down on the counter. v "rI be'g your' pardoni," hei said, thinklog, flittle; prlaps of his' own present martyrdom Swhile a e spoke. Thoe silent bookseller lno , knowledged the apolog bybya bow. Wildlig w ent out. : .' ' ,'': I ,' ,.: . Third and last stage, and No Thloroughfare for the thhd and last time. There was nothing more to be done; there was absolutely no choice but to go back to London, defeated at all points. From timo to time on the return journey, the wine. merchant looked at his copy of the entry in the Foundling register. There is one among the many forms of despair-perhaps the most pitiable of all- which persists in die. gulaing itself as hope. Wildiog checked himself in the act of throwing the useless morsel of paper out of the carriage-window. !It may lead to something yet," he thought. "While I live, I won't part with it. When I die, my executors shall find. it sealed up with my will.'" Now, the mention of his will set the good wine-merchant on a new track of thought without diverting his mind from its engross. oig subject. lIe must make his will imme. diately. The application of the phrase No Thorough fare to the case had originated with Mr. Bintrey. In their first long conference fol lowing the discovery, that sagacious personage had a hundred times repeated, with an ob. structive shake of the head, " No Thorough. fare, sir, No Thoroughfare. My belief I that there is no way out of this at this time of day, and my advice is, make yourself cow. fortable where you are." In the course of the protracted consultation, a magnum of the forty.five.year.old port.wine had been produced for the. wetting of MAr. Iintrey's legal whistle; but the more clearly he saw his way through the wine, the more emphatically he did not see his way through the case; repeating, as often as lie set his glass down empty, " Mr. Wilding,' No Thorough. fare. Rest and be thankful." It is certain that the honest wine-merchant's anx2ity to make a will originated in profound conscientiousness; though it is possible (and quite consistent with bis rectitude) thathe may unconsciously: have derived some feeling of relief from the prospect of delegating his own difficulty to two other men who were to come after him. Be that as it may, he pursued his new track of thought with great ardour, and lost no time in begging George Vendale and Mr. I3introy to meet itm in Cripple Corner and share his confidence. "I eing all three assembled with closed doors,". said Mr. Dintrey, addressing the new partner on the occasion, "I wish to observe, before my friend (and my client) entrusts us with his further views, that I have endorsed what I understand from him to have been your advice, Mr. Vendale, and what would be the advice of every sensible'man. I have told him that he positively must keep his secret. I have spoken with Mrs. Goldstraw, both in his presence and in his absence; and if anybody is to be trusted (which is a very large if), I think she is to be trusted to that extent. I have pointed out to our friend (and my client), that to set on foot random in quiries would not only be to raise the devil, in ihe likeness of all the swindlers in the king. dom, but would also be to waste the estate. Now you see, Mr. Vendale, our friend (and my client) does not desire to waste the estate, but, on tho contrary, desires to husband it for whom he considers-but I can't say I do-the rightful owner, if the rightful owner should erer be found. I am very much mistaken if he ever will be; but never mind that. Mr. Wilding and I are, at least, agreed that the estate is not to be wasted. Now, I have yielded to Mr. Wilding's desire to keep an advertisement at intervals flowing through the newspapers, cautiously inviting any person who may know anything about that adopted infant, taken from the Foundling lospital, to come to my office; and I have pledged my self that such advertisement shall regularly appear. I have gathered from our friend (and my client) that I meet you hero to-day to take his instructions, not to give him advice. I am prepared to receive his Instruc tions, and to respect his wishes; but you will please obserro that this does not imply my approval of either as a matter of professional "pinio-i" ' * * . * ' . Thus ,Ir. Dinutrey; talking quite as 'much at Wilding as to Vendale.' And yet, in spite of his care for his client, he was so amtused by his client's Quixotic conduct, as to eye him from time to time with twinkling eyes, Into the light of highly comical curiosity. , "Nothing, " observed Wilding, "can be clearer. - I only wish my head were as clear as yours, 3Mr. lintrey." ,.1 " :.; i . "If you fooeel that.singin in it coming on," hinted the lawyer, with an alarmed glance, "put it off-I mean the laterview.'! "Not at' all, I thank' you," said Wilding. " What was I going to-" " Don't esxcite yourself, Mr. Wildlng" urged the lawyer. . . ' ... .. "No; I wasn't going to,"' said the wine merchant. '"Mr. Iintrey and, George Ven dale, would you havoeny hesitation or objec tion to become my joloint trustees and execn* tors, br, can you at once consent ?" "I "consent,"'. replied George .Vendale, readily. -. " I consent," said Dintroy, not so readily.' :" Thank you both, r.,. Dlintrey, nmy in.' atructions for my last will and testament are short and plain. -Perhaps you will now have the goodness to take them down. ?I leave the whole of my real and personal estate, without any exception or reservation whatsoever,,to you two, my joint'trustees and executors, in trust to pay over the whole to the true Wal. ter. Wilding, if he. shall; befound and Identi fled within two years after the bday of my death.: Failing. that,'in trust to you two to 'pay' over the whole as a, benefaction and legacy to the Foundling Hospital.". i "Those are all your instructions, are they, Mr. Wilding '." demanded Mr. lBintroy, after a blank silence," duriog which nobody fnd looked at anybody, :. ; "The whole." "And as to those 'instructions, you have ab'solutely: made up your mind, Mr.; Wild " Absolutely, decidedly finally." . It only remains, said' the lawyer, with one shrug of his shoulders, "to get them into technical and binding form, and to execute and attest. 'Now; does that press? Is there any hurry about it?t' You are not golog to die yet, sir." . ,: to·'t . "Mr.:IBntrey," answered Wildlng gravely, "when' Iam golng to' dis'within 'other knowledge than yours or mineo'.:I'shall be glad to have th's matter off mymind, if you :(r* We are fawyeriaidclientb agaain.sjoind Blntroy,' who for, the .nonce had:i become almost sympatlctio. "If this day week here, at the simo hour-will suit Mr. Vendale and yourself, I will enter in my diary that I attend you accordingly." The appointment was made, and in due sequence kept. The will was formally signed, sealed, delivered, and witnessed, and was carried off by Mr. Bintrey for safe storage among the papers of his clients, ranged in their respective iron boxes, with their respec. tive owners names outside, on iron tiers in his consulting.room,as if that legal sanctuary were a condensed family vault of clients. With more heart than he had lately had for former subjects of. Interest, Wilding then set about completing his patriarchal establish. ment, being much assisted not only by Mrs. Goldstraw but by' Vendale too: who, per. haps, had in his mind the giving of an Oben. reizer dinner-as soon as possible. Anyhow the establishment being reported tn sound working order, the Obeureizers, guardian and ward, were asked to dinner and Madame Dor was Included in the Invitation. If Vendale had been over head and ears in love before-a phrase not to.be taken as im. plylpg the faintest 'doubt about it- this dinner plunged . him down in' love ten thousand fathoms deep. Yet, for, the life of him, he could not get one word alone with charming Marguerite. So surely as'a blessed moment seemed to come, Obenreizer, in his filmy state, would stand at Vendale's elbow or the broad back of Madame Dor would appear before his eyes. That speechless matron was never seen in a front view, from the moment of her arriral to that of her departure-except at dinner. And from the' instant of her retirement to the drawing room, after a hearty participation in that meal, she turned her face to the wall again. Yet, through- four or' five delightful though distracting hours, Marguerite was to be seen, Marguerite was to be heard, Mar. guerite was to be occasionally touched. When they made the round of the old dark cellar, Vendalo led her by the hand; when she.sang to him in the lighted room at night, Vendale, standing by ier held her relin quished gloves, and woufd have bartered against them every drop of the forty.five. year-old, though it had been forty.five times forty-five years old, and its net price forty. five times forty.-five pounds per dozen. And still, when she was gone, and a groat gap of an extinguisher was clapped on Cripple Corner, he tormente4 himself by wondering, did she think that he admired her ? Did she think that he adored her? Did she suspect that she had won him, heart and soul ? Did she 'care to think at all about it? And so, did!she and didn't she, up and down the gamut, and about the line and below the line, dear, dear l Poor restless heart of humanity I To think that the men who were mummies thousands of years ago did the same, and ever found the secret how to be quiet after it! "What do you think, George" Wilding asked him the next day," of Mr. 6benreizer? I won't ask you what you think of Miss Obenreizer." "I don't know" said Vendale,."and I never did know, what to think of him.": " He is well informed and clever," said Wildlog. , Certainly clever." "A good musician." (IIe had played very well, and sung very well, overnight). ." Unquestionably a good musician.'' "And talks wel. "Yes "said George Vendale, ruminating, I'and talks well. 'Do you knowi Wilding, it oddly occurs to me, as I think about him, that he doesn't keep silent well I" .: "hIIow do you mean? ?ie is not obstru. sirely talkative."' ."No, and I don't mean thait. But when he is silent, you can hardlyhelp -vaguely, though perhaps most unjustly, mistrusting him. 'lake people, whom you know and like. Take anyone you.know and like." ." Soon done, my good fellow," said Wild! ing. "I take you. SI didn't bargain' for that, or" foreseelit," returned Vendale, laughing.;'' "IHowever, take me. Reflect for a moment. Is your approving knowledge of my interesting face mainly founded (however ,various" the mo. uiontary expressions it may include) on my face when I am silent ?' " - ' I think it is," said Wildi~: . "I think so'. too. • Now, you: see, when Obenreizer speaks-in other words;' when he Is allowed to explain himself away-he comes out right enough; but,when heo has not the opportunity of explallong, himself away, he comes out rather wrong,: Therefore it I, that I say he'does not keep silence well. And passing hastily in review. such, fdces as I know, and don't trust, I am inclined to think, now I give my mind to 'it, that none of them keep silence well.'.' ./ . This proposition in physiognomy being new to.Wilding, he was at' first, slow to admit it, until asking 'himself the question whether Mrs. Goldstraiv kepi silence well, and re membering'that her face in reiose decidedly invited trustfulness, he was as glad- as men usually are to believe 'what they desire to Dut, as.he was.very slow to regain his spirits'or his health, his partner, as another means of setting him 'up-and. perhaps also with contingent Obenreizer views--reminded him of those musical schemes of his In con nexion .with his family, and how, a' singinog class was 'to be formed.in the house, and a choir, in a neighbouring church., :The iolass was established speedily,'and, two: or, three of the people'havino already some' musical knowledge arnd slngong tolerably; the choir soon followed.' The latter was led and chiefly taught' by Wildlog himself,' who had hopes of convertig, his dependents into so many, fofndlings, in respect of their capacity to sing sacred choruses, ' .. '."Now, the Obenielzors being skilled niusil clans, it was easily brought to . pass that they should be asked to join these musical unions. Guardian and ward" consenting, or guar dian consenting for both, it was. necessarily. brought to pass'that Vendale's life became a life of absolute', thraldom and enchantment. For, in ' the ' mouldy" Christopher-Wren church. on, Suhdays, .with its 'dearly' be loved brethren; met and assembled together, fireand.twenty strong,. was not. that ; her voice that shot like light into the darkest places thrilling the walls," and : pillars as though they were pieces of his heart I;° What time, -too, Madam' Dor ln' i corner of the high pew, turning her back upon everybody and everythling, could not fal, to be rltualis tically right at somae moment of the services like the man whom the doctors recommended to get drunk once 'amonth, and who, that he ;lght.not overlook it, got drunk every day. but, even. those eraphlo Sundays were surpassed by the Wednesday concerts estab. lised for the patriarchal family. At those concerts she would sit down to the piano and sing them, in her own tongue, songs of her own land, songs calling from the moun taiontop to Vandale-" rise above the grovel ling level country; come far away from the crowd; pursue me as I mouat higher, higher, higher, melting into the azure dis* tance; rise to my supremest height of all, and love me here I" .Then would the pretty bodice, the clocked stocking, and the silver buckled shoe be, like the broad forehead and the bright eyes, fraught with the spring of a very chamois, until the strain was over. Not even over Vendale himself did these songs of hers cast a. more potent spell than over Joey Ladle in his different way. Steadily refusing to muddle the harmony by taking any share in it, and evincing the supremest contempt for scales abd such like rudiments of music-which, indeed, seldom captivate mere listeners-Joey did at first give up the whole business for a bad job, and the whole of the performers for a set of howling der. vishes. -But, descrying traces of unmuddled harmony in a part.song one day, he gave his two under.cellarmen falnt hopes of getting on towards something in course of time. An anthem of Ilandel's led to further encourage ment from him: though he objected that that great musician must have been down In some of them foreign cellars pretty much, for to go and say the same thing so many times over; which, took it in how you might, he con. sidered a certain sign of your having took it in somehow. On a third occasion, the public appearance of Mr. Jarvis with a flute, and of an odd man with a violin, and the perform. ance of a duet by the two, did so astonish .him that, solely of his own impulse and motion, he' became inspired with the words, "Ann Koar I" repeatedly pronouncing them as if calling in a familiar manner for some lady who liead distinguished herself in the orchestra. But this was his final testimony to the merits of his mates, for, the instrumental duet being performed at the first Wednesday concert, and being presently followed by the voice of Marguerite Obenreizer, he sat with his mouth wide open, entranced, until she had finished; when, rising in his place with much solemnity, and prefacing what he was about to say with a bow that specially included Mr. Wilding in it, he delivered himself of the gratifying sentiment: "Arter that, ye may all on ye get to bed 1" And ever afterwards declined to render homage in any other words to the musical powers of the family. Thus began a separate personal acqualnat ance between Marguerite Obenreizer and Joey Ladle. 'She laughed so heartily at his comn pliment, and yet was so abashed. by it, that J.oey made bold to say to her, after the con. cert was over, he hoped he wasn't so muddled in his head 'as to, have took a liberty ? She made him a gracious reply, and Joey ducked in return. . " You'll change the luck time about, Miss," said Joey, ducking again. " It'sesuch as you in the place that can bring round the luck of the place." "4 Can I? Round the luck ? " she answered, in her pretty Engliah; and with a pretty won. der. "I fear I do not understanid. I am so stupid." Young Master Wilding, Miss,' Joey ex plained confidentially, though not much to her enlightenment, "changed the luck afore he took in Young Master eorge... So I say, and so they'll find. Lord I only come into the place and sing over the luck a few times, Miss, and it won't be able to help itself l" With this, and with 'a' whole brood of ducks, Joey, backed out of the presence. But Joey being a privileged person, and even an involuntary conquest. being pleasant to youth and beauty, Marguerite merrily looked out for him next time. . "Where is my Mr. 'Joey, please ?" she asked of Vendale.' . So Joey was produced andashaken hands with, and that became an institution. Another. institution arose in this, wise. Joey was a little hard of hearing.' lIe him. self said it was "wapours," and perhaps it might have been; but whatever the cause of the efseot,' there the effect was, upon him. On this first occasion he had. been seen to sidle' along' the wall, with his left hand to his left ear, until he' had sidled himself into. a seat pretty near.the singer, in which 'place and position he' hled' remained,.until address.' ing to his friends the amateurs the compli. ment before mentioned. `It was observed on the following, Wednesday. that - Joey's action as a pecking machine was Impaired at 'dinner, and 'it was rumoured about the table :that this was explainable by his high.strung expectations of Miss Obeareizer's singing, and his fears of not getting a place where he could heat every note and syllable. The rumour reaching Wilding's ears, ho' in his good nature called Joey. to the front at night before Marguerite' began... Thus the institution came into beoing that on succeeding nights,'Mnrguerite, runs ig her hands over the keys before singing,' always said to Ven. dale, "where is my Mr. Joey, pleasee? and that Vendale always brought him forth' and stationed him near by.'./ Th'at he should thea? when all eyes were upoin him express Ia his face the utmbs.contempt for the exertions of his friends and confidence in Marguerite alone1 whom he would stand 'contemplting', not una. like the rhinoceros out of the: pelllug.book, tamed and on his hind legs', was a part of the institution,.' 'Also' that. when "bhe remained after the singlong In his mostecstatio state, some .bold spirit from the baick should say, "what do you think of,it, Joey?!':'and he should.be goaded to reply, as having that' instant oonoelred theiret6rt earter that'ye may all on ye get to bedl" ' These were other parts of the institution.r . r :. But the simple pleisures ~id 'small Jests of Cripple Corner were not destined~to have a long life.: UUiderlylng them from. the first was a serious matter, which every member of the patriarchal family knew of, but which, by tacit agroement, all forbore to speak of. : Mr. Wildloa's health was in a bad way., i. i'e might have overcome the shook he had sustained in the one great affection of his life, or he might have overcome his oonsciousness of beingin the' enjoyment of another.man's property it the two together were toehserto much lor hlmi :A'man haunted by twin ghosts, he became deeply, depressed. The ionseparable spectreos sat at the board with him, ate from hise plate, drank from his:cup, and stodd by his bedstleo at night. When he rcnalled his asupposed mothers love, he felt as though he had stolen it.' When he rallied a little under the respect and attachment of his dependents, he felt as though he were even fraudulent in making them happy, for that should have been the unknown man's duty and gratifi. cation. Gradually, under the pressure of his brood inog mind, his body stooped, his step lost its elasticity, his ey es were seldom lifted from the ground. lie knew he could not help the deplorable mistake that had been made, but he knew he dould not mend it; -fgr the days andi weeks went by, and no one claimed his name or his possessions. And now; there began to creep over him a cloudy conscious. ness of often-recurring confusion in his head. Ile would unaccountably lose, sometimes whole hours, sometimes a whole day and night. Once his remembrance stopped as he sat at the dinner-table, and was blank until daylight. Another time it stopped as he was beating time to their singing, and went on again when he and his partner were walking in the court. yard by the light of the moon, half the night later. IIe asked Vendale (always full of con. sideration, work,'and help) how this was? Vendale replied," you have not been quite well; that's all." lie looked for explanation into tohefaces of his people. But they would put it off with, " glad to see you looking so much better, sir " or, "hope you're doing nicely now, sir;'1 in which was no informa. tion at all. At length, when the partnership was but five months old, Walter Wilding took to his bed, and his housekeeper became his nurse. "Lying here, perhaps you will not mind my calling you Sally, Mrs. Goldstraw?" said the poor winaemerchant. ' ' " It sounds more natural to me, sir, than any other name, and I like it better." "Thank you, Sally. I think, Sally, I must of late have been subject to fits. Is that so, Sally ? Don't mind telling me now." "It has happened, sir." "Ah I that is the explanation I " he quietly remarked. ""Mr. Obenreizer, Sally, talks of the world being so small that it is not strange how often the same people come together, and come together; at various places, and in various stages of life. But it does seem strange, Sally, that I should, as I may say, come round to the Foundling to die." IIe extended his hand to her, and she gently took it. "You are not going to die, dear Mr. Wilding." "o80 Mr. Bintrey said; but I think he was wrong. The old child.feeling is coming back upon me, Sally.. The old hush and rest, as I used to fall asleep." After an interval be said, In a placid voice, "-please kiss me, nurse," and it was evident believed himself to be lying in the old dor. mitory. As she bad been used to bend over the fatherless and motherless children, Sally bent over tha-fatherless and motherless man, and put her lips to his forehead, murmuring " God bless you I!" '"God bless you I" he replied, in the same tone. After another Interval he opened his eyes in his own character, and said: "don't move me, Sally, because of. what I am. going to say; I lie quite easily. ,I think my.,time Is come. I don't know how it may appear to you, Sally, but . -"? Insensibility fell upon him for a few.min utes;, he enierged from it once more. ' • "-I don't know how it may appear td you, Sally, but so It appears to me." - ' When he had thus conscientiously finished his favourite sentence, his time came, and be died. (2' &e.rontlnued.;) : 