DANGERS FROM FIRE. iV matter ,inat ougni not vj ue uvenuui».cu. in connection with the recent disastrous fire in King ?William-street is the increasing risk to life as veil as nroDertv which results from he rapid growth of the .city. As buildings lecome more closely packed together, and as Lwelling-houses, stores, and shops grow in leight as well as width, there is a necessity or some special protection against the terrible acrifice of human life which used so often to iccur in the mother-country, and which even low frill occasionally arise in spite ©f all precaution. Not longer ago, for instance, ;han October last five lives were lost and line persons were severely injured by a fire ivhich occurred in Edinburgh. In that case a Srework manufacturer had occupied a room jn the ground-floor of a large house built on the Scotch plan with a single staircase of stone, and tenanted by some sixteen families. Here, then, an explosion took place, blowing put the windows of tho lower storey, and sending a yolunje of smoke and fire up the staircase of the main building. Fortunutely many of the residents were from home. But there were still numerous women and chil dren in the upper rooms; and it is dear from the facts of jfche case that scarcely one of these would have escaped death but for the ready use of the firemen's ladders. As it was,' indeed, therewas a grea£ sacrifice of life. But this was because the women lost their presence of mind. Some of them, in fact, became panic-stricken, and instead of waiting patiently at the windows until the ladders reached them, they began flinging their children down into the arms of the spectators below. Strange to say the children thus treated were mostly saved. But one woman who leaped cut from a window on the fourth storey of the house was lashed to pieces, and others were seriously injured. v \ .„ The lesson which the English newspapers draw from, this deplorable affair is that people should always wait until the fire-escapes arrive, unless actuaUydrivenfromthe windows of a house by the intensity of the flames. But in our own case there is the other and very important point to be- considered, that as yet fire-escapes have not been made a part of the outfit supplied by the authorities to the fire brigade, so that if by any mishap a conflagration should break out at night-time in houses occupied above as well as below, there might be a serious loss of life owing to what would then be condemned as a most unpardonable oversight. This is a matter which the Corporation should at once look to; for, although the brigade has been organized by the Insurance Companies for the protection of the property insured by them, it i3 too much to expect them to incur expense for the protection of human life. Let the public authorities provide means for this purpose, and we may be sure that, the brigade will do their best to render it at all times available. What occurred at the Edinburgh fire, it is true, might occur anywhere and under any circumstances if the buildings were high and the inmates excited. There the fire, which broke out below, cut off all retreat from the rooms above, and the open windows were at once resorted to by the inmates, as the only way of escape. But {lie panic was too great to admit of cool and decided action, and therefore many lives were lost. But supposing there had been no ladders at all? The result would then have been fearful; for nearly the whole of the inmates must have been destroyed. In London, and no doubt in most other cities, fire-escapes now go 'on duty' every night as regularly as the police themselves. At cross streets, in large centres of popula tion, such, for instance, as in Regent's Circus and at the top of the Haymarket, there are fire-escapes stationed ready for action throughout all the nights of the year. These machines — which are of course familiar to many people — consist of light ladders, capable of sliding out to a great length, there being at the back of the ladder canvas slides down which persons may be slid as soon as the top of the ladder reaches the window or roof from which it may be necessary to rescue any one in danger of fire. Then in construction the whole of the machine is so light that it may be easily and quickly moved about by one or two men. It runs, in fact, upon a pair of wheels, and may be compared to a huge perambulator— its great length of canvas and ladder being cocked up in the air as it is moved along. The ' fire- escape,' however, is too well known to need much description. Every one who has lived in an English city is familar with its ghost-like appearance, and no doubt it is well known by this time in the neighbouring colonies ; for the days of one-storey build ings are passing away in Sydney and Mel bourne far more quickly than they are in Adelaide. Another matter illustrated by the Edin burgh disaster is the gross neglect as to proper precautions against fire. There, in a closely-packed house, and in one of the most populous streets of the city, a man had been allowed for an indefinite time to carry on the dangerous trade of a firework manufacturer. 'It is stated,' says the report, 'that he had been repeatedly warned by the authorities of the illegal character of his trade, but that no active steps had ever been taken against him.' This is always the case. People get used to the most dangerous practices. They would keep barrels of gunpowder in their, kitchen if somebody would but set the example, and then when the town blew up they would say (if anybody were left to talk about it) that it was a most unaccountable accident, for it had never occurred before. This firework making in Edinburgh is something of a parallel with the chimney dropping sparks into packing-cases which we have recently had in Adelaide ; and who knows how many more such dangers there may be in the midst of us? Then there is the necessity for so erecting public buildings as to guard as much as possible against the effects of those panics which seize upon large bodies of people when a fire breaks out in their presence. There is a theatre, for instance, now in course of erection for the Adelaide playgoers, and it would be the duty of the authorities, if the law permitted their interference, to see that there were full means of egress from the building — that the doors should be numerous enough, and that they should be all so made as to open outwards. It has been from the want of this simple precaution that thou sands of lives have been sacrificed at some of the large fires that have occurred in other countries ; and it is therefore too much to suppose that in this climate such precautions can be neglected without constant risk and danger. . 