There are some, features , of the present crisis which are' particularly striking for their absurdity and inutility, as part and parcel of tho politioal movement. There are, for instance, the attemptB which are being made to galvanise into a sort of spasmodio existence a popular agitation in support of the M'Cullooh Ministry. Mr. M'Culloch and his colleagues persist in declaring that they will not hold office under the conditions prescribed by the Go vernor aeting under tho instructions of tho Imperial Government in England. And the rump of tho Ministerial following, who raiBe their voices at Collingwood and in St. Georgo's-hall, decloro that thoy must keop in offico, whether they wish it or not. What priuciplo ef action is there involved in thus playing at cross purposes ? A popular agitation must have some great or fundamental object in view in order to exist, and win over opinion to its side- But what popular purpose is there in view horo ? Tho Governor says to Messrs M'Culloch and Co : — Hero, gentlemen, aro tho terms which tho Imperial Govern ment, guided by tho Bpirit and letter of tho Constitution of the colony, formally announce to mo that I must insist on my Ministers observing, in carrying on the Government in this part of Her Majesty's dominions. These terms aro, that the law must not he violated, and that ono Houso of Parliament must not attempt to over ride or over reach tho other House in dealing wath publio questions I can commit tho administration of public affairs to no Ministry that will not ncccpt these terms and act up to them Well, then, say Messrs. M'Culloch and colleagues in reply, wo refuse to have offico on these terms ; we resign rather than bo deprived of tho power to snub tho Council. " Oh, but yon must do nothing of the kind," cry out Cope and Co , coming forward with a menacing air, as if they were the men to settle tho difficulty right off hand. " Wo are the peoplo j and wo tell you, yon must not do it. You must not play into tho hands of tho ' fnction ' in that way. It's no matter what tho law. and tho Constitution, and Sir Henry Mannbbs Sutton say. Tho 'purloins' command you, and you must obey, or you'll bo traitors to tho popular cause. And theso farcical clnqumurs go screaming on in this wild way, as if thoy really believed they were engagod in a _ grand struggle for some great principlo of political action that was in danger, and that it was pos sible for them to rcscuo from peril. If you ask them what it is they are really driving at, they could not tell you. They aro hardly so stupid as to imagine that they can, by tho idlo clamour of a few hundred peoplo collected together in a publio meeting, intimidate tho Governor into disohoying the instructions of tho Imperial Government, or frighten the Legislative Council into proclaiming itself a useless excrescence — a wen on tlie par liamentary constitution of tho colony. Yot this in what thoy aro aiming at, if they have any direct aim at all in view. If they want to effect a fundamental change in tho powers and status of the Legislative Council, nro they so foolish as to fancy thoy can bring about such a change by flinging Higinbotham at the heads of hon. members? Let them propose to alter the Constitution in n legitimate way —namely, by Act of Parliament — and let them agitate, if necessary, for that purpose ; but of what possible value _ is it to agitate for tbo violation of tho law, especially, too, whon their champions in the Ministry havo run away from the contest, and declare thoy won't fight? At their public meotings tbeso wiseacres call upon the people to do what it is morally impossible for tbo peoplo whilst they remain British subjects to do — that is, to overturn forceibly both the authority of the Queen's representative at tho head of tho Government, and tho power of tho Upper House of Parliament. Was there ever any proposal more absurd, coming from men who call themselves Loyalists, and say they aro not traitors to the Crown ? But if the tail of the Ministerialists cuts a ridiculous figure in this way, thore is something even still moro contemptible in the way in which their leaders aro fritter ing away tho popular political strength in a contest which is utterly moaningless and useless. If Mr. Higinbotham took his stand upon some great question, which involved the welfare of the country, tho advancement of the material interests of the community, such for instance as -tho comploto freedom of the soil from all claims of those who still strive to keep up tho old monopoly, and provent the bulk of the peoplo getting homesteads in the samo ready manner and at the same Bmnll cost that settlers get land in America, wo could understand his making a bold and obsti nate fight. For example, did he proposo a homestead law, like what exists in tho United States, and what is at present proposed to bo enacted in Queensland, ho would show himself a man of eomprchen- bivo and liberal views, and of generous sympathies; and a position of defiance iu support of_ such a policy would bo intelli gible, justifiable, and worthy of respect and of success. But to fling tho colony into utter confusion, to put a stop to all government and legislation, to damago the credit and character of tho coloHy, for no graver or bettor purpose than to carry a small law crochet of tho pettifogging- attorney order of questions, which might scorn a great " point" in tho practice of the police court, but which is paltry in tho extreme iu tho arena of politics, is cer tainly as grotesque and useless a waste of power and opportunity as it is possible to conceive. Never beforo in tho politics of Victoria was there so much cry and so little wool. It is tho smallest and tho shabbiest of the political contests that have ever been waged in tho colony ; and if it wero won to-morrow, tho gain would be bo insignificant that people, in wonder, would ask themselves what it was all about, and would lie puzzled to find a reply. Of ono thing, at all events, the publip of Victoria may he cortain, and that is that when, in 1870, they look for a perfectly free land system at the hands of the Government of that day, thoy must direct thejr oyes towards some abler and loftier politician than Mr. Higinbotham. It Is likely that Mr. Riddoll will be prepared to take some definite course to-dny, and he In a position to nnnounco what steps he has tckon towards tho formation of a Ministry. Tho names of tho p'cntiomcn who have ogreed to accept offico with him aro Mr. Macpherson, Mr. Baylcs, and the Hon. T. T. A'Beckott. Mr, Wilson, rs well iib Mr. E. Cohen, Mr. J. T. Smith, aud Mr. Macdonnell, woro likewise mon- tioned S3 being likely to join s new Administra tion ; but wo understand that tho overtures made to theso gentlemen have not yet been accepted. The secretary of the Victorian commltteo of the New South Wales Floods Relief Fund has forwarded a report of the results of the labours of the committee, which appears In our adver tising columns. It will bo seen that the sum of L3770 19s. 9J. has bee a contributed towards the relief of the sufferers from tho late disastrous floods by Victorian colonists, and that a balanco of over L1000 remains to the credit of the com mittee. Finding that tho central commltteo ln Sydney, after having met ell the exigencies of the calamity, have funded a balance In their hands of L6000 as a nucleus of a fund to meet future disss tors of a Ilka character, the Vic torian committee have resolved to apply for the direction of s court of equity as to the disposal of the balance now lying to tho credit of the fuud In the Colonial Bank of Australasia, which balanco Is not required for the purpose for which It wis placed In tho hands of the commit tee by the charitable individuals whoso promptly responded to tho appeal msdo to them. A meeting was held at St. George's-hall lost evonlng to consider the present political state of affairs, at which about 700 porsons were present, Tho proceedings were similar to those which took place on Mondoy ovenlog at the meeting in Collingwood, excepting that the meeting lost nlgbt was a very quiet and unanimous ono. Tbo resolutions were also somewhat similar, not excepting even the ono pledging the peoplo to return their representatives, in tho event of n fresh election, free of oxpense. An examination took plnce In the Insolvent Court yesterday, In tho estate of John Nlcol, lately a publican. Tho property of tho Insol vent, which bBd previously been vested In trustees, was purchased after tho sequestration by Nicol, jun., end tbo oxsmlnatlon was framed with tbe view of ascertaining from what quarter the purcbaso-money had been obtained ; but upon this particular point the son could afford tbe Court no very definite Information. Probably other meetings will be held In this eslato beforo tbe matter is Anally closed. Dr. Mueller states that Australian gums, wattles, and blackwoods havo been planted largely at Lahore and other parts of Northern India, and that they have succeeded perfectly. At tbo Banco Sittings yesterday, on a motion madn to tbelr Honours the Judges to grant a new trial, or to enter n verdict for plaintiff, in tbe libel caso ef Piatts v M'Callum, tho Court declined to grant a new trial; but ordered a verdict to bo entered up for plaintiff, without costs, on tho plea of Justification which the de fendant set up nt the trial. Tho verdict of the Jury was for tho defendant on bath the pleas of not guilty and justification; but tho Court con sidered the ovldenco of justlficntlon was not sustained, and therefore altered it se that each party will have to bear his own costs. Wo havo received n copy of Mr. Groves' Weathor Tables for 1868. Judging from tho experience of the last few days, Mr. Groves' calculations aro about as correct as such things usually are. For examplo, yesterday was given as "strong breeze nnd cool," which was correct; while the previous day — a remarkably cold day —was stated to be "strong breeze, warm." Tbe Inconvenience of tho dend-lock has reached even the " common hangman," who, on opplylog for his feo for the execution of Whelan and CunniDgbam, was requested to " call again," as there wero no available funds at bBnd to meet bis claim. A caso of somo Interest was heard in tho District Court yestordayjnomlng. John Hntton, corrylng on business as tinsmith in Elizabeth streot, wos summoned by his wife, Sarah Ann Hat ton, for maintenance, Tho complainant, who appeared to be a delicate hat excitable woman, got lato the witness-box and stated that sho had been married to the defendant, who was ber cousin, for between two and three yosrs, nnd Iu November last they had a quarrel, arising from the fact that she took 30s. out of bis pocket to buy some matting for the houso, and ho put lier away from tbe premises. Since that time ho only paid her 15s, per week, which she eubmltted was too small b sum — she now being enceinte— for her support. Sho also said that her child, who wbs about seventeen monthB old, bad been taken from her; and when sho wanted to see It a few days ago, she wont to tho defendant's house, and bis relations would not show it to her. Ia ber excitement she threw a stone at the win dows, and smashed one of them, for which conduct her husband gavo ber Into custody, and she was taken to tbe watch- houso, where sho was kept all night ia a cell. Mr, Hopkins called the defendant, who said his wife's character was irreproachable; that be had dona as sho hod represented, as bo found from her temper he could not live any longer with her. Sho was in the habit of breaking his turnll ure and cutting up his clothes. These statements, however, were categorically denied by the plaintiff, although she admitted that she bad on ono occasion cut his voluutoor belt In pieces, in consequence of somo quarrel which took placo bstween herself and Hatton. Tho husband went on to soy (hat this excitability of temperament did not exhibit itself until after the birth of her first child, butBlnco then It had grown to such an extent that ho had to call In medloal attendance. Tho doctor told him it was not safe to leavo the child with her, nor was It sofofor himself to remain with Mm. Hatton, as sho was evidently suffering from soino great excitement, which required considerable care. Ho allowed her lot. per week, which wee us much as be could afford. I a answer to the Bench, he said he had refused to allow bar to see the child, and now refused to say whero tho Infant was; hut upon Mr. Hackett threatening to commit hiui for contempt, ho said the child was at Mr. Henry Bull's, Bunluyong. Mr. Hackett remarked that, judging from the defendant's evidence alouo, there was sufficient to justify him iu stating, that ln his wbolo experience as a justice, no cose of mora cruel or brutal treatment ever came beforo him. Defendant acknowledged that his wife was without fault, save as to that ex citability, which, doubtless, proceeded from the state In which she then was — a stato that called for all the kindness and attention that a husband could cvlace, and not tho heartless treatment that this woman had evidently experienced In this Inslanco. The order of tbo Court was that the defendant should pay her 30j, per week for ono year, with IS 2s. costs. Another " accident with firearms" has taken place ln Glpps Land. It appears from the locol paper that two men named John Ksrby and Michael M'GuIro had a slight quarrel while drinking in a paddock near Nuntln. Tbo quarrel ended in a Btruggle during which a loaded gun held by Kerby exploded, and tho contents entered the calf ofM'Gulre's leg, In flicting a serious wound. Ou seeing his com panion wounded ICerby expressed great sorrow, and removed him to ou ndjccent hut, whero ho carelully washtd the wound, but gave no infor mation of tho occurrence till thrco days after wards, whon ho told Mounted-constable Feeby. M'GuIro was at once removed to the Glpps Land Hospital, but Dr. Hedloy, of that institution, according to tho latest intelligence considered his case hopeless. A dying declaration hns been tskon down by Mr. Foster, P.M., which has not yet been mado public. It is believed, how ever, that M'GuIro, whoee hack was towards ICorby at the liuie tho gun exploded, hns ex- pressed an opinion tlmt it was perfectly acci dental. In addition to this sad affair we have tho news of tho death on tho 27th ult , at tho Glpps Land Hospital, of a boy of seventeen named Thomas Cox, who was accidentally wounded ln the thigh by the explosion of his gun while out shooting In the morasses between Flynn's Creek and Rosedalo. On his first ad mission to the hospital hopes wore entertolned of his recovery, hut on tho twelfth day lockjaw supervened, and death followed five doys after wards. The Ararat Advertiser has the fallowing show ing tho necessity for eorne speedy alteration ln the land law:—1 " It Is not unlikely that num bers of poor selectors will, this season, find con siderable difficulty In paying their rents; and considering the disedvsutagos under which tbey laboured, tbey will naturally seek every possible indulgence at tbe bends of the Government. Although In some ports of tho country many farmers havo realised, or expect to realise, remu nerative returns on their groin crops, yet there are other places where crops woro not put In, and the lesseo depended wholly on his sheep for success. The poor prices which sheep end wool have fetched this year will considerably retard the progress of ' many, '.and place them ln as struggling a position as that which they occupied tbe year before. Tho rents of tho land ere felt by numbers to bp a great < drag upon their re sources, and with not a few, it will be next to Impossible to meet tbelr engagements. Men who havo given b11 their capital and time Iu the attempt to improve tholr htldlngs, In conformity with the stipulations of the existing Land Act, are very seriously harassed, and no doubt an effort will be made to prevail upon the. Govern ment to accept Instalments of tho monoy now due." Tho mineral statistics bava hoen compiled, and will be laid upon the table of the Assembly on tho first opportunity. A rather characteristic speech msdo by n prisoner named Fleming, at tho Bourko General Sessions yesterday, when asked if ho hod any thing to ssy before ssntenco was passed upon lilm. Ho was ono of four prisoners convfcted of a garotto robboiy committed last Saturday night, outside tho Old Times Revived- hotel, In Little Bourko Btrcet. The prisoners wore namod William A'nsworth, James Phillips, John Fleming, and Mary Jano Fanning, two of whom, Fanning and Flaming, he'd bean previously con victed. Fanning was first sentenced to two yo8rs' imprisonment, tbo jury having recom mended her to mercy on account of her having expostulated with tho prisoners respecting their violence whon choking Abbot, the prosecutor ; and Fleming then Bald that he hoped the Chair man, Judga Pohlman, would not send him to Pentrldge, but to the Melbourne Gaol or tho bulks, os he did not believe be should come out allvo again If sent to Pentrldge. Ho had beon sent there once, ho said, for eot'en months, and had to serve four yenrs. He further Informed the Court that he did net pretend to b3 nn honest man becauso he would thieve If bo had tho chance ; for he could not obtain work to support IiIb family, and ho believed any man would steal under those circumstances. The Chairman told tho prisoner that be was complaining of tbo very circum stance which was tbo terror of evil-doers, and that was imprisonment, by which the law en- i deavourcd to put a stop to crime. The prisoner, he further said, had openly avowed that ho was at war with socloty ; and society could only turn round upon him and put him In confinement, . where he could uot war against it. Tho Chair- mnn then Rentpnrfil him 'tn cpren vpai-r' Imnrl. sanment with hard labour ; and In sentencing Alnsworth and Phillips, said that class of violent offences must be put down, and ho should there fore order them to bo imprisoned for fivo years each with hard labour. All the prisoners wero ecntenced to bo Imprisoned in such placo as tho Governor in Council might direct. Tho other business of the Sessions was unimportant. An adjourned Inquest has decided that the men James Knight, who was found dead ln his tent on Sheepshead Gully on the 28th of March, come to his death from want of proper action of tho heart, accelerated by lojuriss received from falling into tbe fire when in a stato ol intoxica tion. Thero Is no doubt from the medical ovldenco that the man's constitution hnd boon previously much shattered by drink. A breach of tho Treason Felony Act of New I South Wales has occurred at Goulhurn, wbero o man named Twomey has been committed for trinl for eaying, when partially drunk, that "It served tbo Prlnco right being Bbot ; ho bad no business ln this country." Tho whole affair was so trumpery that we wonder at tbe authori ties setting the law in motion. The night mail train from Melbourne to Sandhurst, on Tuesday evening, broke down neor Kyneton, through ono of tho valves of tho engine bursting. Considerable delay occurred In coruequenco, and tbe train did not reach Its destination until two hours behind lime. Mr. Curtayne, tho manager of the Union Bank, was summoned by the City Corporation at the District Court yesterday morning, In consequence of the nuisance arising out of tho Bmcltlng operations said to bo carried on at the bank. Upon tbe caso being called on, Mr. Stephen, who appeared for tho complainants, asked for a postponement, for tho attendance of Mr. Paulctt, tho smelter, who could not be subpoenaed. Mr. Dawson, on behalf of the do- fendant, objected to an adjournment, as doubt less Mr. Paulett could be found if proper inquiries had neen mado for him. Mr. Stephen said ho could bo served with a summons by Tuesday next. Mr. Dawson Enid ho was instructed there was no smelting. Mr. Hackelt said It hnd been admitted that tho smclllog had been carried on, nnd tho caso was withdrawn, as a promise wos given that the nulsnuca should be abolished. The cose was then postponed until Tuesday, Mr. Hackett refusing costs to tbo dofendnnt,'on ths ground that tbe complainants had not applied for costs when tho case was previously before tbe Court. The municipality of Esglehawk are evidently in that state of confusion which has almost be come a chronic ovil with municipalities. At a recent meeting tho mayor expressed his Inten tion, " in a good-humoured way, of resigning, because he could not got n refund of the monoy ho hed spent In publicly entertnlnlng tho Prince ; nnd Councillor Lester oxprcssed a similar Inten tion because tho council wob governed by a clique." If the latter objection were held a good one, there would be few complete councils lu tho country. According to tho Geelong papers, the New town and Chilwell Fire Brigade Is likely to bs disbanded, owisg to the small sum contributed by the Insurance companlos. Tho amount voted by these companies for the year is only LSD; and although the brigade has appealed to tho.bsrough council for a subsidy, nothing has beon decided. A mnn has been fined L3 by tlfo'BunlnyoDg pollco magistrate, for taking part In a public- house rowin which Fenienlsm was tho " cause of war." The landlord of tho house hns also been fined 40s. for allowing disorderly conduct In bis house on the Sabbath. In addition to this, another belligerent had a part of his Hp bitten off; so that, on tho whole, tho fun was pretty dearly paid for. About 4 o'clock on Tuesday afternoon, a man named David Thumso, employed as assistant cook at Cameron's hotel, 'Sturt street, Ballaarot, died suddenly of dlsonso of tho heart. At 3 o'clrek ho went to his hsdroom, and an hour afterwards was found lying on tho bed, with his face down wards, quite dsad. ; Tbo monthly general meeting of St. Francis' Benefit Society will be held in St. Francls'-ball at half-past 7 this evening. The usual monthly meeting of the Tblrd je- torlo Building Society was hold last- ovening, tit- their offices, 56 Little Colllnsatrect oast; Mr. G. \V. Rusden in tho chair, who nnnounced tho month's receipts to be L32I0. Several shores were sold ot a premium of LI 17s. Tho Yass Courier contributes tho following sensational writing anent the recent murders at the Gap : — " As might havo bron naturally sup posed, superstition has planted a ghost at the scono of this feBrful tragedy. AYo mentioned In our last issue that tbe houso In which the mur ders were committed had been abandoned, nnd that tho man who had takon charge of Conroy's sheep bad located himself in the detached build ing from which Mrs. Conroy had emerged on the fatal night, only to meet lira samo doom as her husband and others. Slnco then It would appear that some porsons had temporarily taken up their Bbode ln tho -main building, and on the first night of their sleeping there, n band- described as beBvy as that of a human creature— passed. over their bodies whlls they hid le bed. On the second "nlglif, by tlfe light of tho fire In the place whero tho shepherd slept, a figure dressed In black-was seen dn-tbe- room-where the murders werij perpetrated.' So alarmed ware all those at ths farm-house, that they have abau- doned .the, place,, and have pitched their camp on the, bank of the creek. — It Is. b opposed., th a t.aa. Boon as the eldest ooA has administered to his father's effects, if tbe old man died Intestate, he will have the good sense and discretion to pull down tbe whole of the buildings and consume them by fire. Buch a course would probably be pandering to superstitious Inailr.cis, hut as such cannot be ordinarily overcome, it wculil be better to adopt tbe course pointed out than leave such a monument of the atrocities ns would re mind passers-by of tho sceno of so much bar barity. The prisoner Munday continues to exhibit no remorse, and is seemingly quits rational on the subject of his pBst n'roolous career. The medical officer of the gaol, Dr. O'Connor, Is perfectly satisfied as to the culprit's sanity; but wo suppose that when he is cut upon his trial the jury will be directed to take evidence as to his ability to plead." About 1 o'clock this morning a fir a br.-ke out in tho 'sow-mills occupied by Mr. Sparrow, situated between Franklin and A'Bcckctt streets. Tbe fire brigade went promptly thrrc, and extinguished tho flames before any great amount of damage was done. There was no pen on on tho premises at the time, and It is unknown how tbe fire originated. Tho Baliaarat Turf Club hns resolved that the Autumn Steeplechases should consist of one day's racing, on Friday, 15th May. A musical farewell Is to bo given this evening to Mr. John Russell, tbe retiring organist of the Collins street Independent Church, who is about visiting England on account of faliinc health. Wo aro requested to stato that tbe Church is In no way connected with tho concert, it being given Mr. Russell by somo of tlm ladles and gentlemen with whom he is connected In the Philharmonic Society. Tbe band of the 14th Regiment will play In the Botanical Gardens to-day from 4 to 6 p.m. The following Is tho programme: — Introduc tion and Bria, "Die Grossfuerstln," Flotow; quadrille, " Fralkugeln, " Vo-a ; salt etlon, " Zsmpa," Horold ; wollz, " Pretty Bird," Cooto ; selection, " Moso ln Egltto," Rossini ; gulop, " Btrllncr Pforde Elaenbahn," Arndt j "God Sovotho Queen." Mr. Charles Young announces his benefit at tho PrloceBs Theatre this evening. Tho pieces to bo represented are tbo comedy of " A Friend in Nerd Is a Frlond Indeed," nud the burlesque of " Turko tho Terrible," In both of which Mr. Young will appear. Wc hope to see a large attendance. 