CHURCH OF ENGLAND SYNOD. MONDAY, JUNE 15. THE minutes of the previous meeting were [?]ad and confirmed. THE DRAFT CONSTITUTION. The President then left the chair, and the committee on the Draft Constitution resumed its sitting. Clause 22 was passed. On clause 23, j Mr. Bbbnays moved, by way of amendment, that the whole of the words from the commence ment of the clause down to the word " and," on the- 17th line, be omitted. His reason for doing so was because he did not see the object in re taining that part of the clause. Mr. Justice LuTWYCHE said that one part of the clause referred to the Bishop, clergy, school- I masters, lay readers, and others, and the other ! dealt with trustees. The first part of the clause forbad the Bishop and others from teach ing any other doctrines than those consistent with the doctrines of the Church of England, and the latter part of the clause pointed out to trustees the duty of obeying the instructions issued to them on behalf of the Synod, bo that I they being trustees of the property belonging to the Church, might so far as in them lay, not deal with any property entrusted to them, ex cept for purposes which were connected with the teaching and maintaining of the doc trines of the Church of England. The clause would be incomplete if part of it were cut out. Mr. Beenayb then withdrew his amendment. On the suggestion of Mr. Justice Lutwychb the clause was verbally amended by converting the word " Bishopf " in the second line into the singular number, and by the omission of the words " nor shall any such doctrines " on the 11th and 12th lines. Mr. Justice Luiwyche moved the insertion of the following new clause after clause 23, — "Any Bishop elect shall, either before his consecration, or, if already consecrated, before exercising any episcopal functions in bis diocese, sign and subscribe the following declaration:— 'I, A. 8., chosen Bishop of the Church and See of Brisbane, do promise that I will teach and maintain the doctrine and discipline of the United Church of England and Ireland, as acknowledged and re ceived by the Synod of the diocese of Brisbane; and I do also declare that I consent to be bound by all the rules and regulations which have heretofore been made, or which may from time to time be made by the Synod of the diocese of Brisbane; and in consideration of being ap pointed Bishop of the said Church or See of Brisbane, I hereby undertake immediately to resign the said appointment, together with all the rights and emoluments appertaining thereto, if sentence requiring such resignation should at any time be passed upon me after due examina tion had by the tribunal acknowledged by the said Synod for the trial of a Bishop ; saving all rights of appeal allowed by the said Synod." They must all hope that no clergyman eleoted to the diocese would ever do any act which would require a sentence of deprivation ; but, remembering they came here as a voluntary body, that the very basis of their Constitution was a voluntary compact, and not Legislative enactment, all who subscribed to the action of the Synod must be mutually bound by that action; and with that view he brought forward the present clause. The Rev. J. Bliss remarked that the clause which His Honor had just moved was almost identical with one drawn up by the Colonial Bishops, who assembled at Lambeth Palace last year. With the exception of a few verbal alterations to make it suit, the Constitution of the Synod was identical with the clause prepared by those Bishops. After some little discussion, the new clause was postponed until the end of the Canon. On clause 24, The Bey. T. Jokes moved,—-" That all the wordß after the word ' which' on the thirteenth line to the word ' by' on the next line be omitted with the view of inserting the following words : —' Are now or may hereafter be in force.' " The amendment was adopted. The Bey. T. Jones then moved,—" That all the words after the word ' thereto' on the six teenth line to the end of the paragraph on the eighteenth line be omitted, with the view of substituting the following words:—" If sentence requiring such resignation should at any time be passed npon me after examination made by the tribunal appointed by the Synod of the said diocese, saving all rights of appeal allowed by the said Synod." The amendment was adopted, and the clause, as amended, was passed. Clause 26, as printed, giving power to the Synod to alter, amend, or repeal its provisions, was rejected on the ground that the Synod pos sessed the inherent right to alter, amend, or repeal any of its own enactments. Mr. Dbew thought a short clause was neces sary in order to make provision for the assem bling of the Synod in the event of the avoid ance of the See, and also in the absence of the Bishop from the diocese. Clause 6 of the Constitution laid it down that the Synod should consist of three distinct orders—namely, the Bishop, the clergy, and the laity—the consent of all of which orders by their majorities should be necessary to all acts binding upon the Synod, and upon all persons recognising its authority. He thought it desir able that a contingency like this should be pro vided for in the Constitution, and therefore moved that a new clause be introduced to fol low clause 24, to the effect " that in case of the absence from the colony of the Bishop, the powers by this Constitution vested in him shall be exercised by a commissary appointed by him, and in the event of no such appointment of a commissary being made by him, the senior clergyman in rank and degree, resident in the colony, shall exercise those powers until the re turn of the Bishop, or the resumption of office by his successor." A discussion ensued as to the unsatisfactory definition, in Mr. Drew's proposed new clause, of " senior clergyman in rank and degree ;" the conclusion tacitly arrived at being that the Bishop and clergy were to take an early oppor tunity of considering this question, and defini tively settling the order of precedence of the clergy. Mr. Drew's new clause was then agreed to. The new clause proposed by Mr. Ltjtwyche, to the effect that in case of the avoidance of the See the word Synod shall be taken to mean a majority of the clergy and a majority of the.lay representatives, to be convened by the Diocesan Council, was then agreed to, to follow the new clause proposed by Mr. Drew. On the motion of Mr. Justice Lutwyche, the Chairman then left the chair, reported progress, and obtained leave to sit again the next day, the consideration of the Constitution to take precedence of all other business. Tuesday, Juke 16. Clause 27 was verbally amended and agreed to. Mr. Justice Littwychb moved that the fol lowing new clause be inserted to follow clause 23 of the canon:—"Any Bishop elect shall, either before his consecration, or, if already consecrated, before exercising any episcopal functions in his diocese, sign and subscribe the following declaration: —* I, A. 8., chosen Bishop of the Church and See of Brisbane, do promise that I will teach and maintain the doctrine and discipline of the United Church of England and Ireland, as acknowledged and received by the Synod of the diocese of Brisbane; and Ido also declare that I consent to be bound by all the rules and regulations which have heretofore been made, or which may from time to time be made by the Synod of the diocese of Brisbane ; and in consideration of being appointed Bishop of the said Churoh or See of Brisbane, I hereby undertake immediately to resign the said ap pointment, together with all the rights and emo luments appertaining thereto, if sentence re quiring such resignation should at any. time be passed npon me after examination had by the tribunal acknowledged by the said Synod for the trial of a Bishop ; saving all rights of appeal allowed by the said Synod." The clause was adopted. On clause 2, Mr. Douglas proposed that all the words on the first line to the word "that" be omitted, with the view of inserting the following:— 11 Whereas Christ commanded his disciples to teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy ' Ghost: and whereas, building on this sure foundation, men have at sundry times, and in divers places, joined themselves together for Godly edification: and whereas, in England, Ireland, and Scotland, churches have been established by law: and whereas, in Queens land, a dependency of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, it hath not been deemed expedient to establish by law any ecclesiastical polity: and whereas, the members of the United Church of England and Ireland, resident in the diocese of Brisbane, in Queensland, bearing in their hearts true allegiance to the United Church of England and Ireland as their mother Church, are desirous, &c;, &c;, &c.;" Mr. Justice Lutwyche said he did not oppose the addition, but thought it unneces sary, and rather at variance with the general character of the preamble. After some discussion, The question was put that the words pro posed to be omitted stand part of the canon. The committee divided :—Ayes, 17 ; noes 17. The Chaibman said that there being a tie, he would give bis casting vote with the ayes. The question was therefore decided in the affirmative i and the clause, as printed, was passed. On clause 1, Mr. Bebnays moved that the words " as a branch," on the first line, be omitted. After some further discussion, The question was put that the words pro posed to be omitted stand part of the clause. The committee divided :—Ayeß, 29 ; Noes, 6—consisting of Messrs. Bernays, Blakeney Belbridge, £. Macdonnell, Sparrow, and Walsh. Clause 1 was put and passed. On the motion of Mr. Justice Lutwyche, the Chairman left the chair, and reported the canon, with amendments. Mr. Gbeen then moved " That the Draft Constitution be re-committed, for the purpose of amending the third clause." Mr. Blakbney seconded the motion. The Bey. E. G. Mobbbly referred to the fact that several speakers had argued most forcibly on the desirability of a close union with the Church of England; and went on to state that if they wished such union, they must adhere to her doctrines. What they required was to closely, clearly, and thoroughly, follow up the doctrines of the Church of England, as contained in the Prayer Book. The third clause asked nothing more than that they should hold the Bible, the Prayer Book, and the Thirty-nine Articles. Every amendment that had been proposed on that clause had been open to ob jection ; and for the most part those amend ments had been brought forward by persons who showed that they knew little or nothing about the matter. These amendments could not do any good, and might do an infinity of harm. Many of the gentlemen who supported these amendments must have felt that, in so doing, they were not representing their constitu ents ; and that, if they went before them, their acting would be repudiated. There were two sides to the Church that they must maintain. On the one side, there were the Protestant doctrines. He did not wish to see these ritualistic innovations brought in, and believed that the words, " according to the Prayer Book," excluded such things, which were in fact out side that Book. They wished also to maintain their Catholic position, and they would lose im mensely if they gave up this clause for a more uncertain one. The Rev. J. R. Mofpatt did not think that he should give a silent vote on this question, nor did he think that he would properly repre sent those over whom he was placed, were he to do so. He would candidly admit that he did not possess sufficient legal acumen to weigh the effect of some of the clauses of the Constitution they had just passed through committee, and he had therefore remained silent during its passage. He highly approved, however, of its general prin ciples, and hoped that it would safely pass through all its stages. Mr. Justice LurwYCHB said that he hoped the debate would be adjourned, as there was no pro bability of a division that evening. After some little discussion, The question was put and the committee di vided—Ayes 18, noes 18. The President said that as it was usual to courteously accede to the adjournment of the debate when the gentleman in charge of the bill or canon expressed a wish to that effect, he should give his casting vote with the ayes. The whole of the remaining business on the paper having been postponed, the Stnod ad journed at twenty minutes past 9 o'clock until 4 o'clock next day. Wednesday, June 17. The debate on the motion (Mr. Green's) thai the Draft Constitution be re-committed for the purpose of altering clause 3 was resumed. Mr. Douglas, M.L.A., must say that he could, with perfect satisfaction to his own conscience, accept the words of the third clause. In order, however, to try and effect a compro mise he would propose that the form of declaration to be made by clergymen, and con tained in the Imperial Statutes, Victoria 28 and 29, chapter 122, be substituted. The form was as follows, he having merely altered it from the first person to suit the case :— " This Branch of the United Church of England and Ireland doth voluntarily deolare its assent to the Thirty-nine Articles of Religion, and to the Book of Common Prayer, and doth believe the doctrine of the United Church of England and Ireland as therein set forth to be agreeable to the Word of God ; and in public prayer and administration of the sacraments, the said Branch of the United Church of England and Ireland doth bind itself to use the forms in the said book prescribed, and none others, except so far as shall be ordered by lawful authority." If they adopted this, they would be following as nearly as possible the exact practice of the Church of England, as established by lawful authority. He did not wish, however, to inter fere with Mr. Green's proposed amendment, and might state that he had undertaken the consideration of the amendment he himself pro posed subsequent to the time when Mr. Ramsay moved his. The declaration from which he took the. amendment he proposed had been unanimously recommended by the Royal Com mission at home, had received the unanimous assent of the highest ecclesiastics of the realm, and then the aßsent of the Imperial Parliament, which had enacted it in a law. They could not follow a better guide than that, nor could they devise a wiser form. But in saying that he wished to be understood to hold the opinion that this was an independent branch of the Church of Christ attached to the Anglican com munion. Ho had none of those sentimental feelings which had been adverted to by several, that they could not diverge from the of England. They ought to follow that example, but he would not surrender that independence which he believed to be the vital principle that animated them if they had any principle or life in them. The Pbssidbnt said that it was incumbent on him to offer a few remarks on the subject now before them. If the Canon was re-com mitted, as proposed, he sincerely trusted that the third clause would be enacted by a large majority, as had been the case on a former occasion. . When he first saw the amendments brought forward by Mr. Blakeney, and that proposed by Mr. Green and Mr. Ramsay, he could not see the startling objections to them that he afterwards found. When they were near disavowing the very bone, pith, and marrow of this Constitution in the third clause it was not likely that they were able to form an opinion in one minute or any amendment brought forward. If it was mere redundancy of words, and if the words, " Book of Common Prayer," comprised all that fol lowed, then they had been occupying most valuable time for nothing. If they adopted the amendment, and abolished the words pro posed to be reserved, what position would they be in? A position painful to speak of, which he did not believe the members of the Synod were at all alive to. The Pealms of David were proposed to be omitted. Were they to have a fresh supply of clergy ? It was proposed to omit the order for ordaining Bishops, priest, and deacons. He strongly objected to the amendment suggested by Mr. Douglas. The Holy Scriptures, as a whole, were omitted from that amendment. It actually took the doctrines of the Ohurohttf England to be superior to the Word of God. (No, no) This would lead to a belief that the Church did not believe in the plenary inspiration of the Scriptures. It was in consequence of the action taken by Bishop Colenso the words " the Scriptures" were in the draft. He believed that the retention of the words com plained of in this clause was the only way in which they could repress ritualism. He was strongly opposed to ritualism on the one hand, and to Colensoism on the other. They should not speak harshly of the ritualists while they avoided their errors; because, amongst them, were men devoted in their hearts to the care of God's poor. The Church of St. Alban's had been referred to. He might state that he knew the incumbent of St. Alban's, and had known him in his youth. He was one of the most self-denying, devoted men he had ever seen in his life. He (the President) had told him that in his Church there were practices which the Church did not authorise, and which he had advised him to give up. They need not fear the introduction of ritualism here for three reasons. In the first place, they were too poor; in the second, the clergy had too much to do in the care of souls; and, in the third, the good sense of the people would not tolerate it. If they were to carry either Mr. Douglas' amendment, or the amendment as originally proposed by Mr. Green, he could not conscientiously induce any one to be ordained a clergyman in this colony, because he could not believe that they would be received cordially elsewhere. They loved the Mother Church, the Throne, and the Queen, and they wanted to show that it was not their desire to become unconnected with the Church at home. He thought they would never get a better clause than the third. It was not perfect, perhaps, but he could see nothing bet ter. He had heard some objections made to the Athanasian Creed, but he thought it the noblest confession of faith the world had ever seen. With regard to the circumstance that the clerical members had voted unitedly on one occasion, he might state he was exceedingly glad that they had done so. It had not been the practice of the Church for the laity to take part in Synods, but it was most necessary that they should. And, during the recent debates, they had seen enough to show that much care should be exercised in this respect. If the clergy had not, on that occasion, voted unitedly for the standards of the Church, it would have been held up to ridicule at home. He believed the laity were merely frightened at a few words in the clause which it would be a misfortune to omit. He had no fear whatever that the Synod would not work well. That it would do all it hoped to do, he did not expect; they must be content to do all they could. Strong as the tie was between the Bishop and clergy, he hoped that the tie between the Bishop and the laity was equally strong; and he wished that when ever any person felt in difficulty or doubt as to the Prayer Book, he would come quietly to him and give him the opportunity of talking over it together. Such discussions as those that had recently taken place did not tend to any good. If the bill was re-committed he trusted that the clause would be again carried by a larger majority than on the previous occasion. Mr. Justice Lutwyohb would merely state that he should oppose to the utmost of his power any alteration in the third clause. With regard to Mr. Douglas' amendment, he did not think it at all reasonable that one of that nature should be so suddenly introduced. His impres sion of it was unfavorable; but he should like to have time to alter bis opinion of it, if possible. The question that the bill be re-committed was then put, and -the Synod divided with the following result: — Ayes, 19.—Messrs. Bermys.Drew, Blakeney, Clark, Green, Abbott, Belbridge, Coxen, E. Macdonnell, Tully, Suter, Martin, Moffatt, J. Macdonnell, Douglas, Thackeray, Dudgeon, Paterson, and Walsh. Noes, 17.—Messrs. Glennie, Matthews, Lut wyche, Uhr, T. Jones, Matthews, Bliss, Moberly, Neville, Stevens, Box, Jagg, Danvers, J. Jones, Harte, Mosely, and Halloran. The question was therefore carried, and the Synod went into committee. Mr. Gbeen proposed an amendment on the third clause to the effect that" all the words after the word ' Sacrament' to the figures '1562' be omitted, with the view of inserting the words ' and Thirty- nine Articles.' " He said he did so for the purpose of conciliating two parties, and he hoped it would be agreed to. He must say he felt somewhat. sore at the manner in which his Lordship had reffered to the amend ments to be proposed. Those remarks would lead to the supposition that in proposing the amendment he had to propose, he (Mr. Green) was anxious to repudiate the Thirty nine Articles. He had no intention of doing anything of the kind, neither had those who acted with him. Eut those articles had not prevented Ritualistic practices in England; indeed the Court of Arches had confirmed the deoision that such practices were permissable under them. Mr. J. Douglas said his amendment came before that of Mr. Green's, as it occurred at the very commencement of the clause. He was ap pealed to by His Honor to defer this amendment until the third reading of the measure, but as this was an unusual course he would be quite willing to postpone its consideration until the following day, if His Honor would be willing to move the Chairman out of the ohair and go on with his own Draft Canon. (Cries of "go on, go on.") He was sorry that his Lordship had made use of the words he had that afternoon, because it seemed to him that by that expres sion of opinion he seemed to lay greater stress upon the question of the plenary inspiration of the Scriptures than was required by the Church of England. ' This he thought was undesirable, and would tend to alienate many from the Church who otherwise would be most desirous of remaining within her pale. He did not wish to press his amendment that night, but was anxious to give ample time for consideration on the subject. Alter some further discussion the question was put and the committee divided on Mr. Douglas' amendment with the annexed result: — Ayes, 13. —Messrs. Belbridge, Abbott, Blakeney, Green, E. Macdonnell, Drew, Ber nays, Martin, Dudgeon, Sparrow, Douglas, Moffatt, and Petersen. Noes, 21.—Mestrs. Suter,Thackeray, J.Jones, Danvers, Archdeacon Glennie, Mosely, Hallo ran, Botting, Hart, Mathews, T. Jones, Lut wyche, Uhr, Neville, Stevens, Jagg, Box, Moberly, Clark, Bliss, and Walsh. The question was therefore resolved in the negative. Mr. Green's amendment was then put, and the committee divided with the following result:— Atbs, 12—Messrs. Drew, Bernays, Green, Belbridge, Martin, Blakeney, Abbott, E. Macdonald, J. M'Donnell, Peterson, Dudgeon, and Sparrow. Nobs, 23—Messrs. Stevens, Clark, Glennie, • i Wa.iah, Lutwyche, Halloran, Matthews, Mosoly; Neville, Uhr, J. Jones, T. Jones, Douglas, Box, Suter, Thackeray, Moffatt, Moberley, Danvers, Botting, Hart, Bliss, and Jagg« The question was therefore resolved in the . negative. On the motion of Mr. Justice Lutwyche, the Chairman left the chair, and reported the Canon, without amendments, to the President. After the Synod resumed, on the motion of Mr. Lutwyche, the report was adopted ; and the third reading made an order of the day for the following day to take precedence of all other business. LEAVE OF ABSENCE TO THE CHAIRMAN OF COMMITTEES. Mr. Coxek asked leave of absence from the Synod for two days, which was granted. CLERICAL SECRETARY. On the motion of Archdeacon Glennie, the Rev. James Matthews was elected Clerical Secre tary to the Synod when the Synod should ac cept the resignation of the Rev.* J. Bliss. Mr. Bebnayb thought some arrangement should be made for the appointment of a lay secretary, as their lay secretary had left the city, and gone north. BOLL OF HBHBBBB. On the motion of Mr. Bliss, it was resolved that in order to secure a correct roll of the attendance of members, a book be placed on the table for members to sign who came in after the roll was called. Thursday, June 17. DBA*^CONSTITtmON CANON. On the motion of Mr. Justice Lutwyche, the Draft Constitution Canon was read a third time and passed. BBTUBNB OF CHTTBOH PBOPEBTY. Mr. D&bw; moved, pursuant to amended notice, —" 1. That it be an inßtroction to the Diocesan Counoil, to cause to be prepared and laid before this Synod during its next session, a tabulated statement of all churches, school-nouses, or other buildings in this diocese, in connection with the Church of England, stating—when, where, and of what material built; the number of worshippers oi pupils each building is capable of accommodate ing; the nature of the trust, if any; the names of the trustees in each case, showing also if fired from encumbrance, and if not, the amount of the several liabilities. (2.) That it be an instruc tion to the Diocesan Council to cause to be pre pared and laid before the Synod during its next session, a statement of all the property other than church or school buildings, and all money held by any person or persons in trust, for, or on account of, the Church of England in this diocese ; also, of the number of communicants, attendants at churches and schools (week-days and Sunday), licensed clergy, consecrated or licensed buildings, amount of pew rents, offer tories, and other collections made in ohurches." The motion was put and passed. EXPENSES OF THE SYNOD. Mr. Abbott withdrew the notice of motion standing in his name, proposing to assess the members of the Synod at £2 2s. each towards the expenses thereof. DRAFT ELECTION CANON. Mr. Justice Lutwyche, in moving the com mittal of the Draft Election Canon, said that, pursuant to the previous arrangement, he should now explain the provisions of the measure. In the first place it was proposed by the measure that the Synod should consist of the Bishop, of all clergy holding the cure of souls, and of lay* men elected to represent the several parishes of the diocese. Then followed a provision specifying that a quorum of the Synod should consist of the Bishop, five lioensed clergy, and ten lay representatives. The Synod was to meet at least once a year for the despatch of business, and, at the request of two-thirds of the Diocesan Council, a special session might be convened to consider urgent business, suoh special session to be limited to the business for which it was convened. It was also proposed that the present Synod should terminate on the 25th March, 1869. Whenever what was called an electoral reform took place, it was strictly constitutional to provide that the body which had been elected under a different qualification should cease to exist. The number of Synods men each parish was entitled to seleot was the same as at present. In any parish, where the number of duly qualified electors was less than thirty, one Synod-man was to be eleoted; when suoh number was more than thirty, and less than two hundred, two Synods men ; and when the number exceeded one hun dred, three Synodsmen ; and, in no case, was one parish to return more than thirty Synods men. Up to this point, he had been led to believe that there would not be any serious discrepancy of opinion in the Synod ; but there might be some on the question of the qualifica tion of electors and of Synodsmen. It was pro posed by the Canon that "every layman being of the age of twenty-one years and upwards, who having signed in the roll-book of the parish wherein he resides, the declaration contained in schedule A appended hereto, shall have been a worshipper in the church of the said parish for at least the space of one year previous to the day of election, and shall be qualified to act as an elector and to vote at the election of Synodsmen for and in the parish wherein he resides. Provided always that it shall not be competent for any persons to qualify themselves to vote at the eleotion of a Bynods maa or Synodsmen, by signing the roll-book after the receipt, by the Returning Officer, of the Bishop's precept ordering the eleotion of Synodsmen." It had appeared to those who drafted the bill, that it was aot at all desirable that persons should be allowed to qualify them selves at the last moment for election of the lay representatives, by merely putting their names down in a book. The ninth clause defined the qualification of Synodsmen. They were to be laymen of the age of twenty-one years, and mem bers of the congregation they were to represent. The names of the candidates were to be recorded in a book kept for that purpose by the clergy man and churchwardens of the parish in which they resided, as having received the Holy Com munion. This provision would, of course, only apply to towns: and, for the behoof of country parishes, the following proviso had been added: —" Provided always that it shall be competent for country parishes, which might otherwise be unrepresented, to elect aB Synodsmen duly qualified persons who are not resident in the parish for which they are returned; and all Synodsmen shall, on taking their seat in the Synod, make aud subscribe the de claration contained in schedule B ap pended thereto." The next clause provided for the general election of members of the Synod. It provided that such election should be held once in every three years, subject, of course, to the provisions contained in the Bth clause of the Constitution Canon, which provided for the dissolution of the Synod. The general election was to be held triennially on the Tuesday in Easter week. It was thought advisable that some fixed day should be named for holding the election of delegates, instead of leaving it to the discretion of either the Bishop or the Diocesan Council. There were other provi sions relative to the Returning Officer ; and the 12th clause introduced some variation in the mode of nominating candidates. It commenced as follows: —" Any person qualified to rote may, by letter addressed to the Returning Officer, nominate any duly qualified person af oandidate for the office of Synodsman. Pro vided that the consent of the person so nomi nated, signified in writing under his own hand, shall bo enclosed together with such nomina tion." This was a new, but very necessary, provision. It was very desirable that it should be known at the time of the nomination whether the candidates brought forward would act if * elected. The remaining -parts of the Canon were strictly matters of detail, requiring no special allusion. With regard, however, to schedule A, the form of declaration to be made by electors, he might state that it was not sew, as it had already been used in one of the congregations in the diocese. It was as follows: —" I, A.8., do hereby solemnly de clare that I am a member of the branch of the United Church of England and Ireland in the diocese of Brisbane, in the colony of Queensland aforesaid ; and that I reoognise as a sacred obli gation the duty of supporting, as far as my worldly means will allow, the officiating minister of suoh parish for the time being ; and also the duty of upholding the fabric of the Church, and providing proper means for the due performance of Divine Service." The original draft contained | a money qualification, but it had appeared to him that my suoh qualification would be incon sistent with Ibe spirit of the Constitution whioh they had now happily passed. It had appeared > to him that, if members of the United Church I of England and Ireland, to whioh they might now say they belonged, were willing to sub* scribe to that declaration, they ought not to be called upon to make any stated annual subscription in order to entitle them to vote. From what he had seen of the working of that declaration, he believed that the members of the congregation who had subscribed their names to it, had honestly given what they could afford. If the money qualifi cation was introduced, it would lead to many heart-burnings and much jealousy. He did not think that hard-working, laboring men, who gave their penny, twopence, or threepence per week, ought to be debarred the privilege that those who gave a stated sum annually would have, of electing their clergyman or their lay representative. He would conclude by formally moving that the Synod resolve itself into commit tee to consider the Draft Eleotion Canon in detail. The question was put and passed, and the Synod went into committee accordingly. The preamble was postponed. Clause 1, "Composition of Synod." The clause was amended, on the motion of Mr. Justice Lutwyche, by the omission of the word "separate." On the motion of Mr. Dbew, an amendment was inserted giving the Bishop power to sum mon his Chancellor or the Registrar to the Synod. The clause was then passed. Clauses 2 to 5 inclusive were passed without any but verbal amendments. Clauses 6, " Duration of Synod ;" and cl iue c ! 7, M Number of Synodsmen," were passed. | On clause 8, " Qualification of electors," 7 Mr. Drkw suggested that it would be better to adjourn the further consideration of the Canon until next day, to allow a larger propor tion of the lay representatives to be present. Mr. Justice Lctwtchb said he had no ob jection to postpone clauses 8 and 9. Clauses 8 and 9 were postponed accordingly) Clause 10, " General election," was verbally amended and passed. On clause 11, " Returning Officer," Mr. Box suggested that it would be better for the President to appoint a layman to dis charge the duties of Returning Officer at elec tions. Mr. Drew considered that according to the present wording of the clause, a clergyman was not obliged to be present, and could in his ab sence appoint a deputy. . • After some little discussion, The clause was passed as printed, with the exception of the word " separate," on the 3rd line, which was omitted. Clause 12, "Nomination of Synodsmen," was verbally amended and passed. Clause 13, " Return without opposition," ;, was passed. On clause 14, " Mode of election," . V The Rev. Mr. Matthews thought that if the poll remained open for two hours that would be quite sufficient. The Bey. Mr. Moffatt moved that the clause be amended by the substitution of the word " two" for " five," on line 5. The amendment was passed, and the clause as . amended was carried. On clauee 15, " Plurality of voting places," Mr. Walsh moved, That the word " due" on the sth line of the clause be omitted with the view of inserting the words "at least three days." The amendment was passed, and the clouse, as amended, was carried. Clause 16, " Return of persons elected," and 17, " Doubje returns," were passed. Clause 18, "Disputed returns," was postponed. Clause 19, " Resignation of Synodsmen," was passed. On clause 20, " Synodsmen absent," Mr. Walsh moved that the following new clause be inserted in place of clause 20, —" Any Synodsman absenting himself during the whole session, without leave of the Synod, shall be deemed to have forfeited his seat, and a new election shall take place forthwith." The amendment was passed. Clause 21, " Mode of filling up vacancies," was passed, with the omission of the provision at the end of the clause. Clause 22, " Interpretation," was postponed, as was also schedule A. On schedule B, " Declaration of a Synodsman after election," Mr. Justice Lutwychb moved that the schedule be amended by the substitution of the words "religious declaration" for the word " Communion," at the end of the schedule. Mr. Box suggested that it would be well to postpone the schedule, as there was only a very thin attendance. Mr. Drew suggested that. it would be better to insert the words " and I am not a member of any other religious denomination," instead of the last few words of the schedule. Mr. Justice Lutwohe said he was prepared to-postpone the schedule, if the committee de sired it. He felt obliged for the suggestion of Mr. Drew, and would adopt it, as it expressed his own views. Mr. Walsh said he decidedly objected to any . gentleman who confessed himself a member of another religious denomination taking his seat in the Synod. ' Mr. Clake agreed with that opinion. The Rev. Mr. Jagg contended that a bona tide member of the Church of England could not recognise the Sacrament out of that Church. Mr. Walsh said he had no objection to a member of the Church of England receiving the Sacrament in a Presbyterian Church under cer tain circumstances. The amendment proposed by Mr. Justice Lutwyche was adopted, and the schedule, as amended, was passed. The Chairman then left the chair, and re ported progress, and obtained leave to sit again next (this) daj. Friday, June 19. % The President took his seat at 4 o'clock. After prayers, the roll was called, and the minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. THE DRAFT CANON FOE REGULATING THE ELECTION OF SYNODBHEN. The committee for the consideration of this draft canon resumed. On clause 8, Mr. Blaxeney moved that the words " shall have been a worshipper in the church of the said parish for at least the space of one year, previous to the day of election," be omitted from the clause. He contended that it would act unjustly in many cases when per sons changed their residence. Mr. Walsh suggested that the words be re tained, with the exception of " one year," being omitted; and " three months" substituted. Mr. Lutwyche said he was quite willing to accept that amendment. After considerable discussion as to whether there should be any qualification required for electors, the clause was put, with the amend ment proposed, and the committee divided, with the following result:—Ayes, 12 ; noes, 11. Mr. Blaxensy protested against the division, and demanded that the vote be taken by orders. Mr. Lutwyche said this could not be done in committee, because the Standing Orders gave the chairman in committee a casting vote. The only time when the voting could be by orders was when in Synod, and that could either be on first, second, or third readings of a canon, or on a motion for the adoption of the report of a committee on a canon. Mr. E. Macdonnsll moved, —"That the question as to whether the vote could be taken by orders or not, be referred to the President, and that the chairman report the point to the President." The Chairman left the chair, and the Synod resumed, and the question was reported. The President ruled that the vote in com mittee must be taken numerically, and not by order. He went on further to say that he was a most decided opponent of Congregationalism, and thought the words, "in the parish where he resides," might very well be omitted. The committee resumed, and the chairman reported the division in favor of the ayes. The Chronicle reports:—" Mr. Byerley, Engi neer of Southern Roads, arrived at Mary borough from Kilkivan. Mr. Gore, he says, is forming a road party and camp for opening up the new route to Gympie. The tender of Mr. W. Hay, for clearing .the road between Tiaro and Urilla has been accepted at £15 an acre, and men are now being engaged on the work, which is to be pushed o» with all poseible speed. Mr. Byerley reports a capital rond can be made between Maryborough and Kilkiv ua, via Gutcby, for a moderate sum, which will bring the dis tance between the two places to within fifty-five miles. The only objection to the route ib that the River Mary has to be crossed, and if there should be a fresh in the river, this would be im practicable." Ws (Bulletin of the 16th instant) have been shown a very beautiful nugget which was found laet weak, about fifty miles beyond Rosewood. It is flat, very pure, and closely* resembles in ap pearance the nuggets found at Rosewood. It weighs twenty-two ounces eight pennyweights. The nugget found in Grass-tree Gully, of which an account appeared in our last, weighed twenty-two ounces sixteen pennyweights. A rush has taken place to Hunter's Gully at Morinish. Bixteen or eighteen claims on pay able gold have been pegged out, and are aver aging from one and a-half to two pennyweights to the dish each. Prospects are also improving at Rosewood. A rush is likely to take place to the locality where the nugget was lately picked up—fifty miles from Rosewood. O» Thursday evening, Mr. R. Murdoch gave a splendid ball and supper to bis friends, in the large and beautifully decorated room of the Theatre Royal, One-mile. Nothing could pos sibly have been more successful. More than one hundred sat down to supper. Mr. Pockley presided, and Mr. Buckland acted as vice-chair man. Many toasts were drunk, with musical honors, including " Success to the Mining In terests of Gympie," followed by an appropriate cne for the digger:— " Pick, dish, shovel, and hope, A miner's tight, bucket and rope." ■—Nashville Time*, 