•' . NO'THOROUGHIFA .•UE. mT CE15Lz5 DiciES ll TltE.D CnZ OLLIX5. TA· Artra C~rir,~ s .'mer o'f AUI a Tear .ouek S TI n'ovBRTUnrn.. DAY of the month and year, November the thirtieth, one thousand eight hundred and thirty.five. London time by the great clock Sof St. Paul's, ten' at 'nlghs, All the lesser London churches strain their metallic throats. Bome flippantly begin before the heavy bell of the' great cathedral; some tardily begn three, four, half.a-dozen, strokels behind it;i all are in sufficiently near accorid to leave a rwesonance in the air as if tbhe winged father who devours his'chldren had made a sound ing sweep with his gigantic scythe I flying over the city. -' -. What is this clock lower than most of the rest, and nerer: to the ear, that lags so far bl-d to.night as to strike into the vibration alliu t' This is the clock of the, IIospital for Foundling Children; Time was,~ when the foundlings were receirvd without question in a cradle at the gate.: Time I, when Inquiries are made respecting them, and they are taken as by favour from. theo mothers who relinquish all nsatural knowledge of them and claim to them for evermore,. '; The moon is at the full, and the night is fair :with light clouds. The day has been otherwise than fair, for alush soand mud, thick. ened 'with the droppings'of heavy fog, lie black in the streets. .The .veiled.lady who flutters up and down near tbhe postern-gate of the Ilosptal for'Foundling Chtldren has need to be well shod to.night.' . ' SShe flutiers.to and fro, avoiding the stand of hacknsy-coaches, and often pausiig in the shadow of the western end of the'great quadrangle wall, with her face turned towards the gate. :As above her there is thepurity of the moonlit sky, and below her there are the 'defilements ofi the pavement, so may she, haply,'be divided in 'her mind between two vistas of 'reflection or. experiencel As her footprints crossing and re-crossing one another have made a lalyrinth' In the mire, so may her' track in lise have involved itself in an intricate and unravellable tangle I +..The postern-gate of" the IHospital for Foundling Children opens, and a'young woman comes out.' The lady stands aside, observes closely, sees that the gate is quietly closed again. from within, and follows the young woman., :. Two or three streets have been traversed in silence before she, following close behind the object of her attention', stretches out her hand and touches her. Then 'the young woman stops and looks round, startled.' " You touched me last night, and 'when I turned my head you would not speak.7 Why do you follow me like a'silent ghost ? " 'It was not,"returned the lady, in a low voice, "that rI would not speak, but that I could not when I tried."' ' " What'do you want of meP I have never'do'e.on any harm ? " . "Dolknow yout " '. a "No.": "Then'what'can yooti want of 'me?" r "lere are two guineas in this paper'. Take ,uy poor little present, and I will tell you." into the young, woman's face which' is Shone; and nomely, comes aa flush as she re plies.: " here is neither grown person nor child in'all tu a large establishment that' I be. lopg to,.who hbal's" Go od word for Sally... I am Sally.: Could " .' so well thought of, if I was to be bought ?":' " e noly "I do not mean to bu)yu; I mean oly to reward you very alightlyi C: ' . Sally firmly,but not unget, closes and puts back the offerlor hand. ."Ia there is anything I can'do for you; a ra, t I will not do for its own sake, you are mru', mis taken in me if you think that I will dot' for money.'. What is it you' want" ,': , ' ouare onelof the nurses or attendants at the hospital I saw you leaveo, to night and last night. i . 1 1'1' : . :' ' · L 1' "Yes, I am IIam Sally." ::''' "There is a pleasant patience in yoiur face which makes me believe that very young chil. dren would take readily to ..you., "God bless'em' So the do." The lady lifts her voil, an shows a face no older than the 'nurse's. 'A' face far more re fined' andcnpahible .'than' hers, but wild'and worn with sorrow. " " I " sinthe miserable mother of a: baby l'ately received under .our care. :I' have a prayer to take to you. :,. ,. loanstinctlvely: respecting. the . oonfidence which has drawn aside the vell, Sally-whose ways are all ways of simplicity and, spon-. t.anelty -replaces it, and begins to cry;.,." You will listen to my prayor ?" the lady 'urges. :,!9 You' will not. be 'deaf to the ago. nlsedentreaty of such a broken suppliant as II am ?" "O deeai dear, dear I "cres Sali.. What mhalJ I say, or.can I say? Doon t talk: of pras'. . 'Prayers are to be put:up to'the good Father, of all, and not 'to nuraesanad suoh..And there II Im'only to hold my place :for. hilf a: year-longer, till' another young woman can be trained up to it..' I 'am golog to. be married.::' I shouldn't have. bien out .last aniht,' and Ishouldn't have rbeen' out to-night but that my Dick (lie 'is the young man I am going to be married to) lies il,'aird I help his; mother in'd- ateir to w'tch hin~' Don't take on so,.don't take on so l'., r': " 01 good.Sally, dear 8ally,', moans;the lady, catchiong. at. her dress entreatingly. "As you are hopeful ' hand.I Lam hopeless ; as a fair way in' lifq',is'before you, which can never, never,' be befdro'me; as you can aspire Sto become, a pioud.motber;: 'ssyou' are a livIng' lovidg woman, and must' di, forGod's sake hear my distracted petition I" , : ." Deary dearyideary me !"crles Bally, her desperation ? culminatilng. in the, pronoun, " what amIT everto0 do ."And there I' See how you turn my own words back upon pnoe. I tell you I am going. to be married, on pur pose to make it clearer to you that I am| goiig to 'leave and therefore cbiddn't help y?ou if I,.would poor thlog; and you make it Seem:to my own'self. as if: I was cruel In ,going to be married and not helpinog you. It' ain't kind. Now, is it kind, poor thing ?? ", ' "S 8ally( lhear me, my dear. My entreaty is Snot for help in the future. LI. applies to.what Sis p'st, It is only to be told in two words.'?, " Thberel' This' is worse and worse"' cries Sally,+'"iupposinKl.. that I unde'stani 'what two words you mean. . '" You . do. understand. :::What are "the names they have given my poor baby IV: ask no more than that.' 1.I have read of the customs of the place. . lie has been christ ened ina ile chapeliand registered' by somo " +LL +k ? + : ? '- 4+ j' 1 " + L j + ' TI. .. surname io the book. HeIf was received last Monday evening+ What have they ©llcd him hyc. . Down upon her knees in the foul mud of the by.way into which they have strayed an empty street whithout a thoroughfare, tgiving on tie dark gardens of the hospital he lady would drop in her passionate entreaty, but that Sally prqvents her. " Don't I Don't , You make me feel as if I was setting myself up.to be good. Let me look In your pretty face again. ' Put your two hands in nolne. Now, promise. You will never ask me anything more than the two words " "Neverl Never!" t " 'You will nerer put them to a bad use, if Isay' them 'f" -"Neverl Never " ."Walter Wilding." The lady. lays her face upon the nurse'. breast, draws her close in her embrace with both arms, murmurs a blessing and the words, " kiss him for me!" and is gone. Day of the month and year, the first Sun. day fo October, one thousand eight hundred and forty.seven. London time by the great clock of St. Paul's, balf.past one in the after. noon. The clock of the IHospital for Foundling Children is well up with the cathedral to-day. Service In the chapel is over,'and the found. ling children are at dinner. There are numerous lookers.on at the dinner, as the custom is. There are two or three governors, whole families from the con gregatioo, smaller groups of both iexes, In. divilualv stragglers of arious degrees. The bright autumnal sun strikes freshly Into the wards; and the heavy.framed windows through .whih it shines, and tho panelled walls on which it strikes, are such'windows and such walls as pervade Hlogaith's pictures. The girls' refectory (including that of the younger children) is the princip;l attraction. Neat attendanta silents glide about the orderly and silent tables; the lookers-on more or stop as the fancy takes them; com. ments in whispefs on face of such a number from such a window nre'not'unTreguent; many of the faces are of a character to fix attention. Some of the vilsitors from the out. slde 'publio are accustomed visitors. They havre established na speaking acqualiotance wlth the occupants of particular seats at the tables, and halt at those points to bend down and say a word or two. It is no disparage' moentI to their kindness that those points are generall?.points where 'personal attractions are.. Tbhe monotony of the long spacious rooms and the double lines of faces, is agrees ably relieved by these incidents, although so \--light. . .. .. 1 i i A veiled lady, who has no companion, goes among the company.. It would seem that curiosity and opportunity have never brought her there before. She has the air of being a little troubled by the sight, and, as she goes the length of the tables, it is with a hesitat lng step and an uneasy manner. At length she comes to the refectory of the boes., They are so much less popular than the girls that it is bare of visitors when she looks in at the doorway , . . ,?. : ,. ; i i . ?Dut just within the doorway chances to stand inspectiog, an elderly female attend, ant--some order of matron or housekeeper to.whom the lady addresses natural ques. tions, as, "how many boys?. At what age are they usually put out in life? Do they often take a fancy to the sea ?'' 8o, lower and lower in toneuntil the ladyputs'the questloni "'which is Walter Wilding " t .. :r ' Attendant's'head is shaken. 'Agalonst the rules. . "You kiiow which is Walter Wildinfig P " So keenly does the attendant feel the close. ness with which theo lady's eyes examine her face, that she keeps her own eyes fast upon the floor, lest by wandering in'the right direction they should betray her, ·. '"I know which Is Walter Wildling; buti't Knot my place, ma'am, to tell names to a ~t you' coan show me without telling Te lads hind moqved qhtlyt?? to the attendant's a'l.. . Pause anid silence.:'" "I am i g .pas roud ? the tobles says the lay's outor,without seemsog to address her.:;. Folow me with your eyes. The boy thit I stop at & speak to, will not matter to you. But th\boy that.I touch will be Walter Wilding. 8 , nothing' more to me and more a little away. · ... :Quickly acting on the hint the lady passes on into the room and looks about her. . After a few moments, the attendant; in a staid offi. cial way, walks' down outside :thee.line of tables, commenclng i her left hand.. She goes the whole leongth of the' line, turns, and comes bick on .the inside. . YVery alightly glancoginglnthe lady's direction, shea.stops, bends forward, and speaks, . The boy. whom she addresses, lifts hisL head aind. replies. Good humouredly and easily, as she listens to whathe aays,'she lays herhand upon the shoulder of the next boy on his right.' That the aotion'iaey be well noted;behe keeps her hand on the shoulder while speaking in return, and 'pats it',twice or thrice before moving away? She completes her tour of th'e tables, .ouchiog no ono elso'and passes out b~y a door at the opposite end of the long room. , ;: . Dinner is done, anu ,the lady, too, walks 'down odtside the line of tables commenclog no her left haind, goes the whole leigth of the line turns; and cdmes bick on ;the' inside. Othe'r people have :strolled:lo,' fortunately for her.and stand sprinkled about. 8he'lifts her vel; andstopplng at the touched boy, iasks how old heis 1'81 :. ",tIoam twelve, ma'sm, he answers, with ,, bilght eyes'fixed on hers,' ' Are you well and happyL " "Yes,'ma'am.'" !' May you take these sweetmeats from my ' If you please to give themito me.' : In stooping low for the purpose;; the lady touches the boy's face with her forehead and with her hair. Then, lowerlig her vell again, she passes on, and passes out without oloking 