~ .JSSJUSSUA OF THE RACE COUBSE. ' ' ' fFrcttn Tin t lei/ 1 Magazine. J l „ .... Plunging. ] ??^That the year ended disastrously for the : V : backers of horaeB, both private intercourse and j Eiblic announcement testify ; and although the tter is Bomewhat unscrupulous in its sources of information, and wonderfully indiscriminating in the use it makes of it, its startling revelations have never met -with a contradiction. We have no desire to ueurp the functions of a guide to the Turf, er to recur to the thrice-told tale of the favourites' defeat upon certain ruinous occasions. We shall he satisfied if we can fix attention upon the' fact that the present system of gamb ling is unworthy of members of an association for tbe advancement of a generous sport, and having for its object a great national advantage. To talk of the Turf coming to an end in the present aspect of affairs, in the increase in the number of entries, and the. undoubted excellence of the highest class of horses, is absurd ; but that it will be bodily handed over to the professional gamester?— who must then begin to live upon one another, the gentlemen having nothing more to lose — seems an inevitable result. There are now two parties on the Turf — the layers and the backers; nor does it require a conjuror to tell which of the two must eventually give way, if ' plunging ' continue to be the fashion. Neither the one nor the other have tbe slightest regard for {the improvement of the breed of horses for general' purposes, though interest and competition will always prevent any material deterioration in the racehorse. We have not been indebted to the Turf for extraordinary sallies of wit, or for those appro priate ' mots ' which emanate more or less from associations of every kind, and of which facility the Stock Exchange is a remarkable instance. We hear, it is true^ of a ' pony,' or a *' monkey,' but with no more, idea of their ' unde derivator' than if an 'elephant' stood for a thousand poun ds. On one occasion only can we congratulate the framer of Turf-slang, and that is, upon the use of the expression . 'plunger.' .It .exactly describes the unhesi tating embarkation upon a speculation, in which he -may utterly sink, struggle, hftlf drown, go down and come up again, or by g6od hick land, a successful diver, considerably re freshed by his amusement. The framers of that expression have been somewhat flattering to the victims of misplaced confidence, for on consult- i injg the original metaphor, the chances of safety or profit are far greater than its antitype. Now, plungers are of various kinds ; and, unfortunately, the ruin that is spread by ihis Indiscriminate hardihood is confined to ' no class or Tank of society. If we begin at !the lowest round of the ladder, there are hundreds, almoBt thousands, of shielding vagabonds, whose first and last plunge was made with the jrilferings of the till; sUeet arabs, convicts, the sweepings of gaols, to whom the capability of measuring their depth has been denied. Not a town on the continent exists, accessible, to diminished means, that will not afford instances of men whose fatal plunge has just enabled them to carry their heads above water to |the opposite shore, to die of inanition ; not a work-' house in the country that has not its worn-jout gambler;, and scarcely a. county that does inot point .to the transfer of noble properties — the last straw to save a plunger from his fate. These, however, seem to be the ordinary types, of gambling and its results ; the true plunger, . the growth of the last year or two, has more' distinctive characteristics than these. The motives with which the plunger enters upon his sense of excitement are various. ? It -must not be supposed that his love of sport, or admiration for horseflesh. is his highest induce ment; indeed, upon some occasions, it sefenis hardly to have entered into his mind at all. Ostentatious vanity, a fawning adulation of one's superiors in rank, a ridiculous imitation of fashionable Yices, each, according to the position of the plunger, will be more probably the exciting cause. Very few of these young men really love sport for its own sake, and would as soon he elsewhere as watching the generous struggle and fine horsemanship, but for the damaging stake they have on. When betting was more moderate, and it was not a question of ' how long payment might be tided off,' or 'by what meanB it could be mafie,' there was more opportunity for looking to; the interests of the British Turf, and lesB temptation . to Bland in the 'way of its reputation by that laxity of principle with which, heavy gambling is . alwayp associated. le betting essential to the existence or pros perity of tne Turf? This question has been answered in the affirmative ; to which theory, if we assent, it can only be on certain grounds. , These are, that the Turf has already fallen into wrong hands ; that it is obliged to be regarded as a pettifogging business of pounds, shillings, and pence, ' instead of being what it once was, the amusement of gentlemen, ' and the natipnal ' sport of Englishmen ; and that there are not more than two or three gentlemen left «vho can afford to keep a racehorse to run for the stake. Accepting this humi liating confession, doeB it follow that 'plunging' is an essential to the prosperity of the Turf ? That ten, twenty, fifty, a hundred, or a hundred and thirty thousand pounds must be risked on one week's racing to improve the breed of horses, or to pay a trainer's bill ? The moderate scale of wagering, whioh is even now indulged in by some of the magnates of the Turf, need not be stigmatised as gambling at all. But when whole estates, with their honourable traditions, name, character and pres tige are to be risked on the twisting of a plate, the knowledge of a trainer, or the credit of a jockey, we prefer to preserve our English : gentleman, even at the loss of our pre-eminence .as the first horse-masters in the world. It is no unedifying conception to embody the surely-minded, honourable, generouB youth, as ' he first appears on Newmarket Heath, unsus picious, unsuspected ; to watch the gradual decay of that healthful spirit, as it inarches pari passu with the constantly increasing recklessness of your true plunger. How i . plainly we hear the' first simple offers of ingenuous boyhood to back some thing for a 'pony;' in ho.w short a time we become familiarised with, the stentorian lungs which shout, ' Make it a monkey, my lord,' and 'put it down again if 70$, like; ma|ie it even money.' In how few weeks he has learnt to close his boqk.on a thpuBand, regardless' that that Bum multiplied by ten is more than the i whole fortune of his sister^ and yoiinger brother, and £hat the second power of that sum includes the whole of his own worldly possession#. iHow long, witji .all he hke liremblmg in the balkhce, does it take him'' to get ina of flje' stajnleBs . . wntmr, in' .lphieh he b^gan for -the tarnish, the; stains, and the duBt with which he begins to be defiled? We 'do nbt ihetn to' eaythat there are.notmany hpnoimblemen'upon : the Turf who would shrink fnrti-aOctef -Us-V honesty or wrong in their owp petqonsj; but there are very few indeed who . are . not I cSrii^,'. pel Jed to shut their eyes ind thejr mduthB to ihe1 tricks and meanness of their compeers. There is nothing that tends eo surely er so quickly to demoralise, and to blunt that fine sense of honour which gentlemen boast to have, as self induced poverty in the midst of temptation. And it is this gradual, demoralisation that is at last supplemented by tbe fatal plunge.- Then the strings are unloosed, and it begins to be a matter of something like indifference whether the plunge be taken within the bather's depth, or whether he may not be risking total annihilation. The plunger's vocabulary includes some very flat tering expressions, for some vejy awkward transactions ; but wc hardly know one which carries with it z more unpromising sound than tbat of ' wintering.' When gentlemen plunge through the summer anil autumn, they too fre quently regard as no remote chance the plea sure of wintering upon their creditors of the ring. The check . which ready-money pay ments used to be upon reckless gambling is thus destroyed, and one of the strongest barriers between the plunger and his last shilling is broken down. There was a time when an honest tradesman was sacrificed to the necessities of a debt of honour ; bnt we have grown wiser or juster in our generation, and ' make them both wait out leisure equally. To a man whose prospect of pay-day is remote, and who, like our fritnd Micawber, has always a probability of something ' turning up' in the meantime, a . few thousand pounds on the wrong side of his account can make very little difference. If he pay the ring, he .can .keep his friends waiting, and use their money for the purchase of some expensive yearlings ; or if he pay his friends and let . the professionals wait, they can well afford.it; and there is ? always the next year's Derby to fall back upon. Hut the end of the plunger draws to a close, and a profitable lesson may perhaps be learntfrom the concomitants of his deathbed. The grandest cases strikte most awe, but may have less real terror, as they have less sterling retribution. There is the inevitable sale of highly-bred and ex travagantly-purchased horses: Mr.Tattereall and his rostrum fill a conspicuous place in the pic ture. There is the legal drynUrse, billdiB counter, and money-lender, into whose hands the glorious piles that have been bought by fplendid service to a sovereign and a country, are handed over for administration — the associ ation of whose name , with that of the delinquent might bring back to earth the ghosts of his in dignant ancestors ; ana mere is a name miner to honoured and adorned toy the virtues of pro genitors now to be dragged through the mire by j unscrupulous creditors, or gibbeted by the I indiscriminating zeal of the lowest class of our Press. Happier, perhaps, after all, ia the man who' having -but a' few thousands to lose, and no ancestral liable or properties to boast of, flits across the stage, recording in his passage fche ruin of a mother, a sister, or a friend, divides the waters with one fatal header, and is lost te the world for ever. If your plunger were at all times a person of retiring habits, the publicity given to iiis career would be in itself the severest retribution. But he is not so; he rather approaches the character given by Bacon of the glorious man, ' the 6corn of wise men, the admiration of fools, the idol of ,para 1 sites, and the slave of his own' wants.' tie - should not, therefore, be averse, to the notoriety which is given to him. If a man be clever enough, or fool enough, to write -a book,) he knows well what to expect, and should no more shrink from the astute criticisms of the M— P — than he should allow himself to be plated by jthe fulsome praise of ihe S — Jt— ; hi8*,hook is,' public property. Upon some such principle as thiB, knowing the characteristics of jthe plunger, and conceiving that as soon as a man buysa horse and makes a bet be becomes public property, certain of the sporting Press favours the world with a resume of his employments. . Not only does he read the amount of money he has betted-on-this or th&t; event, and with whom ; but the shape of bis. hat, the colour of his neck tie, his birth, parentage, and education, all ;kta antecedents up to the day of that fatal plunge, become food for the gossips of the clubB, and the high tea of his maiden aunts in the country. If he pay his just debts, he is ' an honourable, upright man, a credit to .the name of Englishman;' and every man who discharges' his washerwoman's account weekly ? may place himself in the same categoiy. If he do not, even the language at the command of these gentlemen is not Btrong enough to de nounce him. The only exception to this sweep ing censure of his personals and his career, is when he may. be the happy possessor of a title. Then; Pomponius ,Ego .suddenly discovers that the exemplary plunger is ' the most spirited and best sportsman we have ever had on the Turf— free, open, candid, and liberal to a fault.' He is the ' plucky '? Plantagenet, inot by any means like poor Tomkins, who was simply a 'plunger,' but one whom the 'public will regret. Tomkins 'has been a mistake;' Plantagenet is the 'prince of plungers.' If there were no degradation in store for a man, peasant or peer, beyond this, we thinkit should be sufficient to deter the world from plunging. There is a certain portion of the sporting Press, whose existence was called forth and is supported by racing alone, that compromises for its fiatteiy of great vices by knocking down small offenders. It has been suggested that for this vicious introduction into we Turf system, the Jockey Club was a remedy. We ourselves have been assured tbat before the spring 'something will be done ' for this fatal gambling. We do not believe it We believe that the Jockey Club would check it if it could, and would do all in its power to promote a healthy action on the Turf. But the Jockey Club is, in this case, simply impoteit. It bay issue what commands it pleases, it may advise what measures it has conceived ; but it has no more power to check this spirit of excessive gambling than a policeman fast asleep in the VauxhaU station has power to prevent a woman from taking the fatal plunge on Vauxhall bridge. The Jockey Club is too late. The evil has gone ahead of it ; amd the only power it , can exercise is' one we strongly recom mend—that. of example. . Let it do that. It is one of those institutions whose moral influence can scarcely be estimated on such a subject, and whose legal influence is of the weakest. .What is the Jockejf Club to do when its own members are the offenders ? What will it do with a spirit 'of gambling bo Teckless that, before booking a bet for a few hundreds! the taker of the odds had not even the curiosity to, inquire the subject of the transaction? Take en ordinary case, fkr.more conceivable, anp let it suggest a remedy : - j ' ?'-? €iMth is a 'wealthy noodle, of no fashion Or position, desirous of b)hulating tbe Duke of -iolcopda, a , much , wealthier noodle, hiipself jealous of the superior claims of the Duke of Potosi to both characters. Notoriety is' the J ^eat thii)g, and there seems no shorter way, to br#ins* pf this cdibre. thah to make a match for ' . g'iton * thousand -a i side, owners up,' j the last Ji&lf;^-of^the' Abingdon mile. (But detfermine' that five turidrfed.v jfliall .,','' }}pM' the ' maximum for . which* matches run on 'Newmarket' Heath, or wherever theyKaye rule or authority. What is there to prevent two men from betting the odd nine thousand five hundred between themselves privately, or, what is still worse, going to the market for the odds to that extent ? None whatever. Nor can any sort of excuse be held out by the Jockey Club for interference under its present constitution. As long as dukes and marquises will bet in tens of thou sands, there will always be Smiths to follow them. Our own advice to the Jockey Club may appear singular, but it must be remembered that that' body can only meet the evil, not des troy it, bj legislation. Let it encourage the heavy stakes, as owners will gamble, and allow matches to be made for any sum that the most inveterate plunger may desire, fully persuaded that if they do desire it, no jockey club alive can prevent it. It will, at least, have this advan tage — that the money will change from the hands of one gentleman to anether, tbat the race will be fair, and that there will be no necessity for the backer to accept seven thousand to ten from professional layers, and which probably will be the case in the event of his having to look for his money in the ring. This is not an esBay on the Turf, but only on one particular phase 'of it. The propositions most evident are, that heavy gambling is on the increase, and highly detrimental, not only to the interests of sport, not only to. individuals, but to the people, espe cially to tbe peerage, and the estimation it ought to 'oe held in by the middle classes ; that the example is most pernicious in its effects upon all society, and worse than the ready money gambling to which legislation has sought to put a stop ; that it is not like the duel, where legal remedies stepped in to aid moral influence ; and that on that account it behoves the Jockey Club, as a body, io exert its influence to destroy the present combination of the professional element against the gentleman ; that the term ' breaking the ring ' is the definition of an absurdity further from, achievement than ever ; and that of ' degrading the gentleman,' the description of a process on the high road to accomplishment; that example is better than precept; and that if a very small portion of the i Press have been instrumental in bolstering up vicious excitement by flattery, it behoves the very large majority to expose in its true colours the folly of the ' plunger.'' Let us hope for something from the dearly-bought experience of last year. ? 