PRESBYTERIAN COLLEGE. A public meeting was held in the Hunter street Presbyterian Church, in this city, on Monday evening, for the purpose of advocating the propriety of raising the necessary funds for the establishment of a Presbyterian Collce. The attendance was not so large as . . ?» ? i ? ,.».,. t.ntnA rPlift Tirneeedmt'S mi-rnti nave ucuu ca|k;\\-i.vu. _..- t-- ? o were opened devotionnlly by tho pastor otthe church, the Rev. \V. Bain ; and the kev. James Coutts was appointed chairman, ll.e Rev. Adam Thomson, of Sydney, who had been deputed by the College Provisional Com mittee to visit the Hunter district, to turther the interest of the proposed institution, was present, as was also the Rev. W. Pnrves. The chairman having lucidly explained and strong ly commended the object of the meeting, ex pressed a hope that the Presbyterians of New castle would cheerfully aid the college move ment by contributing of their substance ac coidiug as God had prospered them. Tho Rev. Mr. Thomson then addressed the -n..nn.i.i..»»,lt.nnnsidei_.ble length, pointing out minutely the neccessity that existed for the establishment of a college in connection with the Presbyteriam Church of 3Sew South Wales. The requisite number of ministers I possessing suitable eifta and qualifications could not be obtained from the mother country —and as the ministerial requirements of the the colony denmneled an adequate supply, it behoved them to take decided and vigorous steps to raise preachers from amongst thenwel v4 to carry on the work of the Lord. Ihe Presbyterian _inu ?si. «?' u«wc ? — ? - v distin»uished for its learning and he hoped the Presbyterian Church in New South Wales, would follow her example in this respect. Ihe present was an age of intellect and literary attainments, as well as an age of error an.l in fidelity, and this being the state of matters, it was incumbent upon their church to produce ministers sufficiently educated, andsuthciently earnest and _eal--Hn to cope with such evi s. TheScottish curriculum standard might not ue ri-'idly adhered to here, but a certain measure of learning and training was absolutely neces htirv, so that the laborers might be thoroughly equipped- for their work. He explained the conditions on which the Government would es tablish andsupport thocollege, and how the sub ? :..?.!„„_ w»,-., tn he naid. via., by stated mstal mentS,extending over a period of 4 yejire. He wished it to be most distinctly understood tli.it learning alone would not qualily men for the work of the ministry ; on the contrary, he be lieved that a baptism of the Holy Ghost » as indispensably necessary. Leavmng without true piety would be unavailable in the service of Christ. ' He urged -upon the auditory to civo liberally towards the good cause for which they had met. It was an object lor which they ought to give as patriots, philan __8_______M____H___________ The Rev. W. Bain moved the first resolu tion, viz. : — ? | Tlmt this meeting cordially nmiroves -if ilie iimve niciit wliicli luis been set in. fciot for tho eitalilHimciit of a collcao in coiinesttmi with tlio rrcsl.ytiTian Churoli within tile Univc-sity »f Sy.lney. an.l »Srf..j t;. si.|.p..rt the same by subseribins to tho fuml now Iwin. nitseil j for the 1UU1IO.SO. _ | The rev. gentleman then »avn an outline of] the history of the coih-go in-iveiiu-iit up to tho pi:u.-i-nt t.iiu'. l_Mitrti n.i-i Ikimi ' made to establish a college m iny years ago, but uwiujj to the ilivil.-.l 'state of the Presliyterian Ohureh in the tin- j colony the obji-ct could i..-K Ii.ivi- ln- en :?--?-- «ii-- ; plished. Now th.it the diHorent sections -I ; the church were lmppily ui.iteil, th'i nb-r!ieli-' tlmt had pivvi..u-ly -t.-nil in th-- way wi-n- iv moved, an.l it had l.ci-n ih-i-idi-d by tin- chrirh that it shi.uhl have a o.ll.-ji' 'f its ...vn. I The prelimiimrii's having been coiupU -t;-.i and consiileralile jirngiv.ss lmvin» b,-. :. ..li.i..iilv iiim.Ii- in the wav nf rai.-iii!' i'lllut-*, there 'was a fair prospeet n't' thu college I' '''K established soon. Tin' 1'irsbyterian l.hnrcli at home had always maintained an important attitude as rt-gnreieil education, and lie Imped a similar altitude would be aimed at In iv. Mr. Bain concluded by reading an extnu-t fr- -in a speech made by Pr. .lia.lham, of the Sydney University, in which he pas-ed high i'm.-.-ini uiis upon the Presbyterians of Scothiml for t'.ii-ir classical learning ami nieiaiy iiluiiuiii» ????-? ??? general, us welfas for their pi«-t.V and obsn vance of the leadings of .Divine Providence. The Rev. W. Purves seconded the res.-lu- | tion, and pointed out the position of the tfyd- - ney University, in which none of lho tanned Ki-.nr.lii.i; nC t-i 1 nc:i t.iiiii were tauiiht. A pro fessional education to quality a stu eleut for the church, tho law, or uu-dii- ine, could not bo olitained at that inlitu tion, consequently, it was nuec- sary that colleges at which any of these pi. .to.. -ions aould be studied, shoul.l be established. He j desciibedhow the Presbyterian Uollfge was to 1)U governed, including the mode ofcleclii-!u-f councillors, and descanted upon the desirability of raising ministers to supply the bread of lih: to the people who adhered to their church iu the colony. The resolution was carried unanimously. Mr. Alderman Rodgers moved the 'si- cuiid j resolution, viz. — That a sub»ciii-ti.m list be now oponcil. anil that a nm.iniittea be fonia-.l for tho imi-po.su of wnitin- upon nilMorihan. to consist of the K«y. Mm* *»'?»' Tniii Messrs Koikem, IJrown, llomin;,', U. liieo.vuii ri.ige, and Wilito, *itl.'i.owcr tl. .uhl to th,ir mi...l.er. He expressed regret at the thinness of the audience, but hoped the liberality of tin Presbyterians of the district was not tn In measuied by the number present. They were bound to support the college, as n nrc-ssary institution fin-qualifying miuisiers for this w-'rk I of the ministry. In a few years a larg-! num ber of labourers would be ne-eded in the land, and to supply this elesiderutuni they had only their own resources to look to. He liojied all would contribute liberally. I -» t i i ? ..na. ?. . i.-i. \ik - 1 1 if 1 Inn i'* wi 1 1 11 f H ill . I lit* j i\lr. Ullllll'lln-.i.wiiiii.ii «'?? ? ?-?' ? »? '??? Presbyteiiiiuswoiesullicicntly numerous, sulli- | ciently wealthy, sufficiently inlelligni.t.imd suf- | licielillyiiiiportantas a body, tn entitle tlu'in to j a colle'is iu connection with their own denn- I inination. The Episoiialians, this W i-sh-yans, ami this _Ull-'peuill'lIiM mm nun---i'--' '??? -?? tablishing colleges for ihe training of the-ir | ministers, and surely the Presbyu-rians coul-i do the same. At the present, day, when mil- j di-lity, scoplicism, hititudiiiarianisin, el ror, and j heresy stalked abioad with unb.iuu.led imp.i-_i dunce, litcniry atlaiiimi.-nl.s on the part ol ministers, as well as might in llio senphuv:;, were necessary qualifications to gainsay and crush evils of such niagnitudo. A tainn;.l and faithful ministry would, through i.m I'Jivine ble.-.siliL',' ell'ecc lunch in the way ot stemming the torrent of error that was rapi.tiy | I extending itself and threatening lh« i--''da- . tions of true religion, whereas an, UHU-iaU- , ministry could not do so. Learning, ho\v.-v,-r, ; WlthOUu IIIU |-O-i5t;:vim_ v»i d.i.l^^ .?,»?*') ; without being actuated by the constraining love of Christ, would proves ineffectual m tin: furtherance of gospel enlightenment. 1 lie resolution was unanimrmsly carried. About tC2 was .subscribed before the audience dis persed. Tho proceedings terminated with the bene diction. 