Town news. ; j&rir; 0H Monday morning the ArrfFal <?t " July mail from England, vid, Panama and Sydney, was announced. The information was a surprise, as the mail was hot due till the 29th instant, and thas it has come to h&nd; fire days before time. The mail was conveyed ?' frpm Southampton to Colon by the new steamer Neva (her first voyage), which made the voyage in seventeen days, the contract time being twenty. The Kaikoura on the ., run from Panama was also fortunate, as re gards winds and weather. ,The foundation-stone of the xifew Presby. = < terian Church, Lennox-street, Richmond,' was laid, on Saturday afternoon, by the Chief Secretary, in presence of a large, as semblage of persons. The City Council held its usual weekly " meeting, at the temporary city offices, on Hon- > day. The business transacted was mostly-of ? - a formal though not unimportant nature, , and in reference to the minor works of the ? city several useful resolutions were agreedLto. The proposal of Councillor Williams to widen : certain of the city footpaths in Collltis-strefet, just where the throng of passengers was thickest, was, however, comfortably shelved at the instance of the Public Works Com mifctee. There were seven votes .for, ,m>4 nine against Councillor Williams's motion. The chief subject dealt with was the first movement in th6 matter of city sewerage, atid' " it was decided-after a discussion which dis played the nearly unanimous feeling of the " council-to appoint a deputation to wait on ' the Chief Secretary, to uige either that the - Government should do something, or else aDow the City Council to aict. Very general approval of theactionof the Mayor, in taking the initiative in the affair, was expressed. Adeputationfrom Warrnamboolon Monday had an interview with the Minister of Public'' Works, with reference to the much needed repairs of the Warmambool jetty. Mr. Jonea said that a sum of Â£2,000 Which had been placed on the Estimates would be immediately applied to repairing the jetty, but lie could ; give no promise for the present year that a larger sum would be set opart for the con struction of a newjetty. (The committee of the Society for the Belief; .. of the Educated Poor met on.Monday, at the office of Mr. Shaw, official assignee. Them Â« wjcre ten applications for -relief,, of. which , tHree were dealt with favourably. Some of 'the applications were from person^ wpo had already been assisted by the society!' Tiife names of a great number tffclerks and other peroons desiring employment remain on ' the committee's books, and -the committee ? would beglad<if employwrswooid common! cate *ritlitliein when they have vacanckfe in their establishments; The committee would , also urge upon, the well-to-do public .43^ . claims this society l*as ppon their liberality. Subscriptions have latterly come in but sparer irigly, and considering Hie great number cases Chat have beenrelieved, they think tbe^ ; comparatively limited sum at their disposal < has been expended to the best advantage An adjourned meeting of comtnon schooV teachers was held, at the Mechanics' Ins8- - tate, on Monday, at which the reply of the ; Board of Education to the representations of: ft former meeting as to the new rules wasdiscussed, It maintained that the arguments put forward bythe teachers in their report to the^board had not been answered, and It was' resolved to xequest thai the new titles might' not bet... put'in force until the beginning of next year. *' These andother lesolutionswere referred '1x>- - a!committee; with instructkms to embody them in the form of a report 5 to ~ the Board of Education, and submit them for the approval of an adjourned meeting, to be held on Friday evening. The com mittee was also authorised to frame a code of regulations for the Educational league. Which at a former meeting it wasresolyejl to establish,and was furthk instructed tocom municate 'with the teachers In the country . districts, wi th theviewof securin&theiroo; operatfon. . .>?? ? '-...' .. -Â« -*...'.? , Amongst ihe passengers who reached Wei- . lingtan by,the tnail steamship Kaikoura, trom England (whose arrival atSjÂ«dney is reported by<eh$ram), were the Bishop of Lichfield, (BishopSelwyn) and the Bishop Â©T Canter- , btuy. - ? : ; . : tf:i ;Z., \- The Sydney (lovBmqneÂ»t seem to be anxious. - to tKdieyejihat the attpmj$oaJfcetlife*Â»fthe j .Pnfce ,of Edmbutgh' thew- wtwitJisUndioff y t^*hrtoeofthe*ttatk ' foiSWtoÂ® {ftndlWw du^Sydn^oWrt d^fcilrf^usth^MriPa^hSsikad^^ i 4Â»ftw*dinai* statement ' ? UtÂ»&t;,io throwing ftitnniifttfawteroars . ,{he CtolomalSecret^ **^ that in* f& ^^W^ion^ been reeved fey Site 01 last year they had increased to . Â£i;688,833. Inhisrepprtthe registrar- general' makes thifi remark' A further examination of the trade returns for the liast two ^eard ehbWs tbatthe exportation of goods whidxare 1 the produce or the manufacture of Que^nW i la&d;,have Increased in Estimated value during the year 1867 by the sum of Â£867,669, or atthe rate of 67.07 per cent. Since the year 1860 that is, since Queensland becameueparated from'New South Walks-the exports hare yearly increased ; the increase, however, of the year 1867 far surpasses the increase of any previous year, and must be considered as highly satisfactory." In contrast to this flourishing condition of things, the Customs returns of Victoria BhoW that in 1861 the valjie of the exportewere Â£13,898,384, and in 1867 they had dech'ned to Â£12,724,427. The regulations in connexion with the scholarships which are about to be given by. J)fr, Whitwortb, of Manchester (the well known gunmaker), are published in the iiasette of on Tuesday. They are intended for the improvement of .wprkmen in the mechanical sciences, and there will be &irty;' of them, of Â£100 each, to be held for two or three years, and to be open to all Her Majesty's subjects, at home or in the colonies, who do not exceed twenty-six years of age. For the present year thercwill be dxty exhibitions of Â£25 each, preparatory to the examinations for the scholarships. These are to be of a theoretical and practical character combined, their object being, as we havie said, the improvement of mechani cal art. Want of apace compels us to hold the correspondence over till another occa sion. A tea meeting in connexion with the anni versary of the Collins-street Independent Church was held on Tuesday, in the Victoria Orammar-schooL The company who sat down to tea numbered about 400 persons, and after the tables were cleared the assem blage adjourned to the church, where apublic meeting was held. There was a very large at tendance in church, upwards of 1,000 persons being present, and the proceedings through out were of a most interesting nature. The Hon. George Harker took the chair, and. there were also present the Eev. A. M. Henderson (the pastor of the church), and' the Rev. Messrs. Moss, Fletcher, and Taylor, all of whom addressed the meeting during the evening. In his re* marks the chairman alluded to the zealous and earnest spirit which had been exhibited by the congregation in dealing with the debt connected with the church building fund. The ..spirit thus evinced would not be con fined to Die present congregation merely, but Would radiate to other churches by the influence of example and the authority inherent in the vigorous exemplification of vital Christianity. In this respect dis sent in England and the Free Church disruption in Scotland had benefited the Established Church in both countries by riusing up in their borders an emulative spirit of seal and earnestness. Mr. Peterson, the treasurer, read the financial statement for the year. From this document it appeared. that the. total sum raised for all purposes stnoe April 38,1866 (when Mr. Henderson undertook the pastorate), was abont Â£17,000. Of this amount there had been raised for the building and organ fund up to the present date, Â£12,732 3s. 8d. The total cost of the church, organ, &c.;, had been Â£15,849 0s. 9cL, leaving a balance of Â£3,11617s. Id. to be still met Towards the liquidation of this amount subscriptions and promises had been re ceived, amounting to Â£2,473 15s. 4d., and the balance to be yet raised was; therefore, <w4y ^643 ls. 9<L Hie treasurer dwelt upon the necessity of raising this latter amount by the end of the present year, in order to secure the fulfilment of a conditional premise ot Â£3LÂ»000. When the debt is cleared off, the totalsums raised by the congregation state* April 38, 1866, will have been Â£20,000. Mr. Peterson concluded his statement by paying #a tribute to the pastor for the j very effectual support he had rendered to the church by his lectures, as well as his pecuniary contributions; and to Mr.: Henry Brooke? who had given in various cams about Â£3,000 towards the church build ing fund. In the few remarks he made, Mr. Henderson stated that, besides contributing to the ordinary expenses of the church, and the extraordinary expenses connected with the bpil^ing fond, the <oongregatipn had raised abouÂ£Â£l,000. for various missionary and charitable schemes.The proceedings won agreeably diversified by the performance ox well-selected pieces of aacred music bjr $e church. dhpir. Jar,. David Lee pre* sfeggd 4/tbe <wyan, aod under his. . band its ^/qiÂ»ftt^,Mad^i(Â»te^yetp6irerf^ inf^pwntwere very strildogly ^empUged. address atx^ec. tioq wwfoade on tehalf of the debt exotic* Â« ":'<?> ?/!'!'. i' '. '"-j jneetingaf the oommitteeof |[p^i4Â«whd4 on Taesday^ !l Â©pto#tiant8,17S; and matte*? amrip* $$$* ?? -'Wm fm%m to iivlbeampM A l^Jnjjn, timiqMqfam: ^^ttlist^tr^rthe.wMlof thea#teMr<?J*, ftfei .committee when/ - to Mrs. Bruce tad j^ir d^hÂ£ejf jha4 *! ,OOJ|r.. j Wished, mm present - Mk j which was carried. The meeting then ad .jottmed, n"r ^ v.,,.= ^ J A d^&tfbn; firoti | headed by the Bev.jfr. M'Cartby, of Rosedale. J*Â®8 rWe^esday jnfcroduoe^ to- the; Chief [Secretary and Minister of B^ways.by Mr, liÂ«'i j3^* Â¥<JUA.Â» for the, purpose of ob j mining information as to which of the three ra^way which theGovernmeqt pro : posed to cpnstpcti would be firat begun. | The deputation reminded the Chief Sec retary that, in his address at Momingtpn, ~e 6~d tlle best-paying line ajjpuld be the . . ,commenced, and tiiey submitted | statistics of population and traffic, from which they concluded that the Gipp3 Land , hne would return 7} per cent, on the outlay. ! In 1866, when a private company proposed to construct this line, a return of 6i per cent, was calculated upon from statistics en dorsed by the engineer-in'chief, and the re sources of the district had greatly increased ? since then. It was submitted that the Ovens ,and Murray line would only return 3i per cent, and thp Western line from 2 to 3 per cent, and that theGipps Land line was there fore entitled to priority of construction. Mr. M'Culloch said he would lay the facts before the engineer- in-chief. The present inten ! tion of the. Government was only to raise sufficient money for one line. Assuming the Ovens line to be the first commenced, it would be finished in two years, and there would then be sufficient plant and labour re leased to commence and finish the other two lines. By constructing one line first, a very large amount would be saved as interest on borrowed money. An adjourned meeting of members of the medical profession favourable to the forma tion of a Medico-Ethical. Society, was held in the Royal Society's hall, Victoria-street, on Wednesday. Dr. Thomas occupied the chair. There were about a dozen gentlemen present Dr. Mttrray moved the adjournment of the meeting, in consequence of the paucity of attendance, there, being only two or three members present exclusive of the committee. In the course of his observations, Dr. Murray characterised the appointment of the' com mittee as a hole-and- corner proceeding, and remarked that "certain persons who were taking a leading part in the movement had done their utmost to drag the professionthrough the mire." Two motions for adjournment were put from the chair, and both were negatived. About a dozen .rales, comprising what was termed a "code of medical etiquette," were passed, but according to the statement of the hon. secretary, there was no society to adopt them. Subsequently a document for Crirol ment was passed' round, and received nine signatures. "The meeting was adjourned for a fortnight An extraordinary case of tniamrAw identity has come to our knowledge. About two months ago, a man was found "dead- or dying ; in the verandah of a house in, TTpfoftm- ^ the inquest subsequently held upon the body, a number of' persons testified to its being that of a man named Collatd, some of the witnesses stating that they had known the deceasedfor a considerable period. A verdict of death from sanguineous apoplexy was re turned, and the friends of the deceased in England wer6 written to, informing them of the event On Wednesday, the man Col lard appeared in Hotham alive, and in his usual health, after some months' sojourn in ;the country. ' The terror of the female mem* bers of the household.where he presented himself 'was extreme, until he had satisfied .them hewasreal flesh and blood, and- not a .ghost This seems to have been one of those carious instances of personal .resem blance that are sometimes read about in novels or seen upon the Btage, but which are gene rally regarded as existing only in the imagina tions of fertile stoiy-writers, or ingenious .dramatists. The case was reported to the ipoUbe on Thursday, as it is of some importance ifor'the genuine Collard to establish bis iden tity, inasmuch, as he has been in the receipt of an annuity, which of course will haye been ; discontinued on the news of his supposed death., \ A deputation from Che committee of the (Immigrants' Aid Society, introduced by Mr. Haxcourt, .M*L.A., -waited'upon Hie Chief Secretary on Thursday, for the purpose of ask ing for additional assistance towards the insti tution. The report of a sub-committee, ap pointed to coneidejf wh^t $teps were necessary to secure .Vjpjper buildings, and to derise .'.Â» system of providing more satisfactorily for the destitute and houseless poor, was laid jbefore Mr* M'CuUoch. It was stated in the Report that the Immigrants'Aid Society was e8tabliBhed in ;1862, jto meet a "fa$t; then greatly felt.,iwd which its nmeindkate^. Iiia veyyjew years ifchisneed beared to exist insta^on padaaijiy merged iigtoone f<?r: Um> relief jrf, t&e;, jwor an^ dtatitute. The committee, therefore, recommew^d an alteEatiqn in thetitletfo that of the, " &Â»ciefy [<Â».fte.R^iff jfl, thefopr and Although the buildings had been wded to they were accommodate '280 souls; while for we last ) personal responsibility,' tfhich' ð”¢'did.: nfeir jtbink ?the Â«^me time, from ^cÂ§^infcypf ob taining temporary reUef,iha^orw^ldrt*en to vagmncy audita conbomttAnt etfilfl." 'Thq1 committee, therefore, In ; on the Government ne<^eUar o| appor-/ tioning a sufficient socpof owney-to relieve, them from the liabilities already incdrrod; 'and also to insure acontinu&nce; of' the aociety's labours to the en^ of^H|s jÂ«^r ; 4nd to take such steps as they.inig^t. think best for establishing it on such a basis as would 'secure the proper relief- of the poor and desti tute in this city andsuburW. The com mittee again strenuously Urged the ad visability of attaching a registry-office,. with labour test, to assist in carrying out the objects of this society. It was stated by the deputation, in support of this! report, that the institution was. now so crowded that beds had to be macle up on floors and tables. The institution had com menced the year with a debt of Â£500, which Mr. Verdon, when in office, had almost pro mised should be provided for. Including this debt, there was a bank overdraft of Â£l,$4l, and there were other outstanding liabilities, tip to the 31st July, to the amount of Â£360, making over Â£2,000 to be provided foh To meet these liabilities, there was. only Â£2,500 to be received, being the balance of the Go vernment grant of Â£4,000, which would give the committee less than Â£500 for the re mainder of the year. , It vras pointed out that the society during the past year had received, exclusive of state aid, only Â£1,500, of which Â£700 had been obtained from the labour of the inmates, leaving only Â£800 of voluntary contributions. Mr. M'Culloch expressed the opinion that there were too many societies of this sort, and that it would be better if they were amalgamated, an opi nion in which the deputation concurred. Mr. M'Culloch then said that he would endeavour during the recess to hit upon some plan by which the institution might be relieved, and placed upon a better footing. In answer to a question, as to why the application had not been made before, the deputation stated that they had been relying upon Mr. Verdon's promise, which led Mr. M'Culloch to make the remark that this was another instance of the evils of the deputation system. Appli cations of this sort, he said, should be mide in writing, and written replies obtained. 'The Royal Society held an ordinary meet ing on Thursday evening. The principal busi ness was the reading of a paper by Professor Halford on snake poisoning, in which he brought under notice an article that appeared in the Atlantic Monthly some time ago, and lately republished in The AvsUralasian. He promised to continue his experiments on this subject, and make the results known. A short time back reference was made to an endeavour on the part of the AIbert-,streefc Christian Usefulness Society to ruse funds for the erection of a building in a much neg lected part of East Collingwood, for the pur pose of a free night school, and also for any other efforts for the social and religious good of the residents in that district Those who have kindly assisted with funds will be glad to learn that ground has been purchased and a commodious wooden "building erected in Gold-street, at a cost of about Â£130. On Sunday last the place was opened with services in the afternoon and evening, conducted by the Hers. L New and W. Poole, and on Tuesday evening a free tea meeting was given, the room being tastefully decorated. Several pieces were sung by the Albert-street Baptist Church choir, and suitable addresses were delivered by various gentlemen. . There were about 150 persons present on each occasion. On Wednesday, the juveniles in the neighbour hood attending the night school and Sunday school, with others, in all nearly 200, were regaled with a tea, and showed by their happy faces how much they appreciated the good things provided, and the magic lantern which followed. Feeling that this work which is to be carried on in as unsectarian a manner as possible-aims at the general good of the community, the promoters, who have raised about Â£100 of the amount required, confidently appeal to the public for the re maining Â£30. Donations forwarded to the care of the Rev. W. R. Wade, Tract Society's office, will be gratefully received. For the last ten years the office of honoraty secretary to the Western District Pastoral and Agricultural Society has been most ably filled by Mr. Thoe. Shaw, jun., of Woori wyrite, near Skipton, and it is mainly owing to his exertions that the society now holds so prominent a position In the colony. In re cognition of his servioesthe members of the society determined to-present him with a tefe itimobial, and entrusted to Messrs, Walsh Brothers, of Cdlins- street east; the order for the gift. Tkat order has now been exe cuted, The testimonial consists of a centre piece for the dinner-table, with tea and ooffee Beryice and kettle. These areall of sterling pilver.and having been i*uifcufaÂ£tured |Melbourne, .^^t$#egfkrt^ interest as most beautiful specimens ofthe silversmith's art. The epergne is about tw^nty-rfght inchw high, find represents a fehr 'treeidth enriched folii^ !^bpbr^' Atiile case are mo^ejted figureisdf a merino sheep, j& draught horse, and A p^tmghman; andron the anglee Â«re plaoedAwhaatshe&f;^uid a bale jof 'wool-theVbo^e' depictjQg.Ba i t wpre,'the '^t^r^ofyiotoriiC; I and monogram: o(ithe intended -red* St, tod the . following ! inscription www thÂ« Westem Disi^tJPatfWral Mid Agrical r.eidpton, aotb Settoihk*, im* ltev^oeaÂ«t 200goto,^ imam | ji^pSnt.," i*. T&0?tI !#feii. ii> j Clubeeeemtobe beoooungtherage. Toe ipraspectndiis before 'us of the Commercial' jCtob, tlie object of 'Which is 'fetat^Wbett' :fni^Uih;*'&pctiiuti;&' weft tMtt' . iMd>''retaul),' commercial travellers^ boyere frdnj, the' provinces, andtothera, with i a suitable place where they cah enjoy tiie usual benefits of a club. Attached Will 'tw ? r^in^roomjs, ,4 library,.smoking and billiard' rooms, dining-rooms, and sleeping accom < modation j in, fact, all the usual < appur tenances of a well-organised club." It is pro posed to limit the pumber of members to 600, and that the entrance and annual fees shallbe moderate in amount. We learn that the following nomination, papers were, delivered last night to the re turning-officer for the district of EastBourice, in which Mr, Balfour's retirement has created a vacancy. In favour of Mr. JohnOrr (Mi-, nisterialifit), Mr. Lobb (Independent), and Mr. Brunton (Ministerialist). It was cur rently reported last night, however, that Mr. Brunton's nomination- paper would be with jdrawn on Monday. j The proposition to appoint a pathologist and medical jurist, in connexion with the Melbourne Hospital, was adopted yesterday evening at a meeting of the Medical Society i of Victoria, specially convened for the pur ; pose. There was a good deal of discussion on .the point, the main objection being that to allow all the post-mortem examinations to be made by these officers would be to deprive : the profession generally of a large source of experience. Dr. Youl, city coroner, who was present, replied to thiB very exhaustively, showing that the cases which would property come under the hands of the profession gene rally did not amount to more than forty or fifty in a year, and thai ft would be better to concentrate the knowledge to be derived from them rather than to fritter it away be tween too many. The discussion assumed a rather interesting form, and the com ments of the city coroner upon the ineffi ciency of some of the medical men who had now to be called in to perform post-mortem examinations were somewhat pungent. Even tually the proposition was carried without op position. . An adjourned meeting of common school .teachers was held last night, at the Mechanics' Institute, when the committee appointed at a previous meeting to prepare an answer to 'the communication from the Board of Edu cation on the subject of the new rules brought (up their report A lengthy document, em bodying the resolutions adopted at the last ] meeting, was submitted, and having been ap proved of, it was ordered to be sent to the 'Board. ' Yesterday, a deputation from the Ballarat : Water Commission had an interview with 'the born, the Chief Secretary and the Minister jof Mines, in order to ascertain when the money promised to that body to complete their water works scheme would be forth coming. It appeared that out of the Water Works Loan the commission had b?en pro mised Â£60,000, of which they had only re ceived Â£15,000 before the whole of that loan was absorbed in other works; and a further sum of Â£50,000 when the loan bill about to Ire in trod need was passed. Mr. M'Culloch intimated that as soon as the loan bill be came law, the Government expected to be able to make arrangements with the banks for the advance of a sum sufficient to com plete the water works, and that the Â£35,000, being the balance of the first Â£50,000, would then. be paid- The other Â£50,000 would be paid as soon as the money was received from London. Doting the discussion, a matter was incidentally mentioned which deserves some attention. Mr. Anderson, the chairman , of the Water Commission, mentioned that the return on the expenditure for their works was about 20 per cent, and that if they 'were an incorporated body they would go and borrow the money themselves. He also stated that he would be quite prepared to start a private company to pur chase the works for Â£200,000. It seems a pity 'that a work which offers such a tempting field for private enterprise should be made to a large extent a Government scheme. . Those who desire to secure the electoral privilege-not already being in possession of it-^should not forget that electoral rights must be taken out on or before Tuesday next the 1st of September. 