Wt% Mtf HOW TOM PALLET LAID THE GHOSTS. Br George Isaacs. Part L " Ghosts!" exclaimed the traveller, incre dulously. "Humbug!" and he emphasized the strong "word by a copious draught of whisky-punch. The host was a little, stout man, with rum-and-watery eyes, and with no more ex pression in them than that of. an alarmed stare. He shook his head slowly and ven tured to add yes to that sign of dissent by slowly puffing at his pipe. " And so you believe in ghosts in this part of the country," said the traveller; "in this enlightened age you believe in ghosts. Bah!" The traveller was Tom Pallet, by profes sion an organ repairer, and the object of his journey to Merford was to put in order the parish organ. He was a Londoner, a clever mechanic, noted for his skill in "voicing pipes," as it is technically phrased, and, like most of his brother craftsmen, had no belief in any spirits but those used in punch. Mine host gasped at this man's audacity— he was unequal to any more vigorous signs of emotion—he, the landlord of an inn ere while a county mansion with a rare old tradi tion attached to it and a haunted chamber to boot, to be scoffed at in his own house. Gasp, it was enough to make him gasp. "Perhaps," continued Tom Pallet, with undiminished scorn, " you've see a ghost?" " Pve heerd two on 'em," solemnly replied the landlord, Mr. Jubble. " Where?" enquired Tom. He was becom ing interested, and with the evening, a large jorum of punch, and a bright fire before him, felt not indisposed to indulge in a little wag gery at the superstition of his host. "Here," whispered Mr. Jubble. "Here, in this werry 'ouse, they've been heerd these hundred years and more." "Gammon," quoth Tom Pallet. In some men of cold and lymphatic tem perament there is latent a great energy of slow malice. Mr. Jubble began to bate bis guest, he felt injured that he, the proprietor of an ancient family mansion famous the county through for a veritable brace of ghosts, should have as it were their respecta bility and his veracity thus assailed. An idea of revenging himself on the unbelief of the traveller took possession of his mind. He would put him that night in the haunted chamber which no one had slept in or tried to sleep in time out of mind. " Did you ever hear of Sir Hugh Devon?" enquired Mr. Jubble. " Don't remember to have done," replied Tom. " This 'ouse was once his'n and many an acre of ground about it." a " Oh!" ejaculated Tom, whether in satis faction at this statement or in doubtfulness of the fact remains questionable. "He come possessed of it by marriage with Miss Mohun, a heiress and last descendant of the Mohuns, to whom all the country round about these ere parts belonged for many a year." | "That's about as good a thing as could come of a marriage," interposed Tom, who ! was weighed upon by a rather censorious wife and heavy family. "Ho good ever came of" it," cried Mr. Jubble, breathing heavily, "but foul and cruel murder." " And a ghost," added Tom. "Two," said Mr. Jubble, "two on 'em." "Good for two," cried Torn, cheerfully, ! " Fd as soon believe in two as one—and for j that in a dozen as two." " Sir Hugh and my lady," continued Mr. Jubble, severely, "lived very unhappily together and had but one son." " Perhaps," remarked Tom Pallet, " a few more would have made things pleasant and kept out ghosts. I've got five boys, and the most howling ghost that ever walked wouldn't be heard in my house for the row they make, especially when mother's about." . " The estates being entailed, on my lady's death they devolved, as I've heard tell, on theson," pursued Mr. Jubble, "but he being ! the last of the Mohuns, and there being no collaterial heir—excuse the law terms," said Mr. JubBle, apologetically, "but it's as I've heerd it from old Mr. Murch, as whose hither was steward to the estate." "IPs of no consequence," said Tom, re plenishing his tumbler. " There being no collaterial heir,"repeated Mr. Jubble. "Pass the tobacco if you pleafee," inter rupted Tom. " As I was saying," persisted Mr. Jubble, "there being no collaterial heir, in the event of his.death the estate would advert to the Crown—that is as I've heerd of Mr. Murch." " I suppose it might," said Tom, carelessly, "who cares." "I don't know how it was done," said Mr. Jubble, "hut just before my lady's death some dokyxnent was executed as made over the property to Sir Hugh in case the boy died afore he came of age." - - . " Idon't think it could be done that way," said Tom Pallet, whowas fond of the subtle ties oi the law. " An entail's not 4o be cut off in that way." " Lawyers can do anything," affirmed Mr. Jubble, who was profoundly impressed with; an idea of the power of . lawyers, having suffered severely through (their instrumen tality in a ponTiding case. " Perhaps they can. I don't like lawyers," said Tom. " Nor I," rejoined Mr. Jubble, and in spired by this only point of agreement that had transpired between, him and bia guest, he added, " Your 'elth, Sir." " We're a long time -coming to the ghosts," remarked Tom, yawning. " I'm a coming to them direct," answered Jubble. "The father and son after my lady's death lived no more happily together than husband and wife," whereto the land lord tacked this philosophical remark, " quarrelling runs in families sometimes, Sir." " I know it," said Tom; he was thinking of home. "Sir Hugh," continued Jubble, "after a while determined to marry again." "He must have been fond of quarrelling," suggested Tom. " Or married life," insinuated Jubble. " It's the same thing," continued Tom. "The son was in the way," and Jubble looked mysteriously at Tom. " What then?" enquired Tom. Heplied Jubble triumphantly coming to a sudden climax, " Sir Hugh put him out of the way—out of the way—that is all but his ghost." "All but his ghost!" reiterated Tom; "but that's only one ghost, where's the other?" "The other," and Mr. Jubble gasped as if he were attempting to swallow hot pudding, " is the ghost of Sir Hugh, who was sud denly slain in a street riot; He was a man of a high spirit was Sir Hugh." "Uncomfortably so, it appears," said Tom. ' " And now," said Mr. Jubble in a subdued whisper, " in this ere werry 'ouse, in the blue fdia.mhf»r, you can hear of a night the ghosts of the dead father and son quarrelling as they quarrelled in life—no words can be made out, but there is heerd grumblings and groans and shrieks and the deep lond tones of a man in anger. Fve nothing on my con science," added the landlord. " No adulterations or short measure?" en quired Tom, jocosely. Mr. Jubble scorned to notice the base inr sumation. " 2? otbing on my conscience, but I wouldn't sleep in that room for. a fortune." "I'd do it for less," said .Tom Pallet. " How much less?" enquired the landlord, maliciously. " For nothing," replied Tom. "You shall," said the landlord. I omitted, through. not desiring to break the thread of the dialogue, to say that when Mr. Jubble had formed the design of giving his guest the Blue; Chamber he had instructed the chambermaid to have it aired, which she only consented to do in the com pany of the ostler. Pakt U. " This is a comfortable room and a jolly bed," said Tom Pallet, stretching himself luxuriously in it. "What a precious ass that landlord is." A curiously gargling sound came- appa rently from below. "Halloo!" cried Tom, "what's that? Surely that solemn old humbug hasn't been trying to sell me with his cock-and-a-bull yarn, and ia now laughing at his little game." The noise was repeated, but in a fainter tone. " You may chuckle and be blowed," mat tered Tom, little thinking how near he was to the truth; "I'm going to sleep"—and to sleep he went. It had been a quiet still evening, but towards morning the wind arose, and the casements rattled with such vigour that Tom partially awoke. "A stormy night," he said half aloud, dreamily communing with himself, "a stormy night." To this he had a response in a series of wailipg notes, amid which preponderated a deep bass. Tom was now fully awake. The fire was now fully alight, and threw a ruddy glow about the room, illuminating every nook of it, without revealing any supernatural appa rition. " That's curious," said Tom, listening. For a while the wind lulled and the noise was hashed. " Ghosts like stormy weather," said Tom. Then, as if the ghosts had been challenged by his scepticism, there arose a sound so weird, so full of such a melancholy cadence, that any less dauntless hero than Tom Pallet might well have been alarmed, but not so Tom. Jumping out of bed and slapping with energy bis thigh, he exclaimed, "Fm hanged if those aren't organ-pipes of old Father Schmidt or Schuetzler's voicing." Listening now attentively the sounds, as the wind rose and fell, ebbed and flowed, fully convincing Tom that they proceeded from the lower end of the room. " I never heard of ghosts of old Schmidt or Schuetzler, but Fve heard pipes of their voicing," said he, " and if there isn't an organ somewhere behind that wall may I turn bellows-blower." Thereupon, fired with the hope of a grand discoveiy, he went in that direction, and ascertained that the wall was masked by a timber screen. Bending down towards the floor Tom now found that the flooring-boards had shrunk. The natural inference followed that they were equally disjointed behind the screen, and that the wind issuing through the crevices in communication with the mouth of the organ-pipes had originated the eerie sounds attributed to Jubble's ghosts. The next morning's investigation laid the ghost of Merford Manor for ever, for on re moving the screen and a portion of the floor ing near it Tom discovered some old organ pedal pipes. On instituting enquiries it transpired that many years before the occupancy of the manor house by the present tenant it had contained an organ, built by the famous old maker Schuetzler; that after the house had long ceased to be habited by its former owners this portion of it had become very dilapidated, and orders had been given to the village car penter to repair it, and that he had chosen for the supports of the blue chamber the material which he had found ready to hand in the pipes of the disused organ. The landlord although he thus profited by the increased accommodation afforded to his inn through the agency of Tom Pallet never theless owed him a grudge to the day of his deaths He had destroyed a long-cherished illusion, and day by day Peter Jubble became more and more melancholy until his rum-and watery eyes closed on this land where ghosts are not. Tom Pallet always repeats this narrative with great glee when he hears of table-rapping and other such wooden manifestations of spiritualism. 