THE LAST OP THE TEN-POUNDERS. Three months ago the last of the English middle-class Parliaments was dissolved, and With it the English Constitution of 1832 came to an eijd. The Legislature of respectability has had to make room for $ full-blown demo cracy; the shopkeepers have been elbowed aside by the artisans. A momentous change this in the history of any country ; there have not been more than two ethers to com pare with it since the days of Magna Charta ; yet it has not had a very solemnizing in fluence either on its operators or its subjects. Any of us revisiting the mother- country during the present month might note yery little difference .in the mode of conducting a general election. There may bje more noise at the polls, greater crowds in the streets, a larger display of bunt ing, more beer- drinking in the public houses, and perhaps an increased dis position to be Quarrelsome. But even with the threatened Iri3h Church in the foreground the electoral pande «oli exhibit very little sign of what it *eally ia-=a national revolution. The old Constitution has died in levity and recklessness. It cannot pretend to have set a good example to its. successor, though it has been lavish of good advice. The middle-class Parliament having taken the working men into its confidence, suddenly forgets its seventeen years of mistrust and exclusiveness to become 'Hail, fellow; well met !' with the new electors. After monopolizing the government of the country for a whole generation on pretance that the people were not qualified for any share in it, the capitalists throw aside the mask, and en deavour for John Nokes'3 encouragement to prove that legislation ia after all only a dig nified kindof squabbling. That has, whether intentionally or not, been the practical lesson of the past session. The ten-pounders, after signing their death-warrant, took eighteen months' grace to celebrate their own wake by anticipation. They had popular suffrage imposed upon them by a party trick, and ever since they have been labouring to show how Parliament can be popularized. They have been educating the plebs, as Mr. Dis raeli educated tnem3elves, out of all respect for the institutions of the State. Their death -bed has been the most discreditable scene in their life. Their final session has reconciled them to the immediate prospect of extinction, and left the country no cause to regret their loss.. Who is primarily to blame for the con fusion and ill-odour in which the Constitu tion of 1832 has perished? The Liberals say it is Mr. Disraeli, and the Conservatives that it is Air. Gladstone. Reform has been at the bottom of all this disorganization, and the Liberals introduced the first Eeform Bill. . Mr. Gladstone's leadership and his rating suffrage of 1866 have only found their sequel in Mr. Disraeli's household suffrage of 1867 and his leadership of 1868. The death' of Lord Palmerston on the one side, and the resignation of Lord Derby on the other, have produced con sequences such as rarely depend on the lives of individual statesmen. / Here is a Parliament which met only three years ago in the full sunshine of political prosperity. In nearly every part of the country the Liberals had triumphant majorities. Every thing seemed to have conspired to give them a long lease of power and an unchallengeable supremacy in the House. Liberalism was only too prosperous— it waxed fat and kicked. When Lord Palmerston's death removed an acknowledged obstacle of reform, the first use that the reformers made of their liberty was to quarrel about it. They would not have Mr. Gladsone to rule over them — hence the ? stinging invective of Mr. Grant Duff. They would not extend the suffrage until the voice of the country compelled them— hence the Cave of Adullam. They were too demoralized and divided to carry out any general policy— hence the petty insubordinations and tearoom caucuses which degraded the Legislature of 1866 to a parish vestry. The Liberals committed suicide rather than be submissive to an exacting leader or force themselves to keep pace with an advancing cause. They threw themselves at the feet of Mr. Disraeli, and entreated him to become a usurper. Mr. Disraeli perpetrated the desired coup (JFelat, and punished the mutineers as they deserved. He in turn has been punished by his own followers, and so the whole of them have had to return to their constituents in sackcloth and ashes. While the country is thankful in the main for what the defunct Parliament accomplished, there is not a single achievement but fastens shame and remorse on some of its authors. Even so influential renegades as Mr. Lowe have had to cry mercy for their misbehaviour in 1866. The Conservatives slouch- along sulkily in their stolen and ill fitting mantle of reform. The Parliament of 1865 was doomed to have always the wrong man in the wrong place, and the inverted office-holders were doomed to be continually quarrelling on some false pretence. The Liberals who refused and the Conservatives who opposed a seven-pound franchise in 1S66 had to accept household suffrage in 1867. The Conservatives, who had so meekly sub mitted to be educated in political reform, could not consistently refuse to undergo a similar ecclesiastical reform. They could not be Democrats in the State and Tories in the Church. Their first success in 1867 imposed further responsibilities upon them. It cut them loose from their anchorage, made them hoist the flag of progress, and compelled them to steer, or seem to steer, wherever there was an abuse to be removed. Their leaders perceived this fatal necessity before the last session oommenoed. They had got into power on a fictitious cry, and they could only continue in power by in venting more fictitious cries. They must always be doing something to amuse the new master they had created for them selves. They cast about for another fetish, and the Irish question presented itself as a likely one. Lord Stanley, announced this discovery at the Bristol banquet fully a year ago. It was the Conservatives them selves who initiated thiarevolutionary agita tion about the Irish Church, not Mr. Gladstone. The Liberal leader simply did for them what they had done for him the year before. When he saw them faltering at their work he slipped in and took it out of their hands. To the tender consciences who blame Mr. Gladstone for complicating the Eeform question with that of the Irish Church, there is a very simple answer. In Lord Stanley's speech at the Bristol banquet the public were solemnly and officially informed that the Irish question demanded an immediate solution. The first proposal submitted to Parliament did not come from the Opposi tion, but from the Government. It was not Mr. Gladstone's, but the hybrid mystifying scheme of Lord Mayo for establishing a Roman .Catholic University, and for sub sidizing the Roman - Catholic clergy, if they could be prevailed upon to accept 'It. The .immediate originator' of the struggle was Mr. Maguire, an Irish member. ' The Government,' through Lord Mayo, took «p the challenge, and professed to have a policy. They had four clear nights to explain what that policy was before Mr. Gladstone interfered, and afterwards they had a fortnight's notice to prepare their answer to the Opposition policy. [Mr. Gladstone, at the end of his first speech, distinctly pronounced the fate of the Irish Church— disestablish- ment — and his resolutions lay on the table for many days before they were moved. The Premier, who had notoriously been endea vouring to educate his followers for another stolen march on the Liberals, must have seen from the first that he had missed his opportunity. Jt was impossible to out-bid a root-and-branch poliay of disendowment. Defeated in his higher strategy, he had to cover bis retreat by tem porizing tricks and quibbles. Lord Stanley was put up with an amendment which meant nothing at alL That was a second blunder. Then Mr. Gathorne Hardy, whether on his own responsibility or at lit. Disraeli's instigation va uncertain, made a speech giving a very Conservative interpre tation to the amendment. All Mr. DisraeU's subsequent manoeuvres have aimed— not at direct opposition of the Liberal scheme, for that would have been futile— but at exciting prejudice against it pisewhere-^in the House of Lords and throughout the country. Thus it happens that the Government, which a twelve month ago at Bristol proclaimed ''Justice j for Ireland,' ia now sounding the long-forgotten alarm of 'Church and State.' These passionate Conservative reformers, having been foiled in their ambition to shoot another Niagara, are drifting back into the Toryism of half a century ago. Mr. Disraeli missed his aim at O'Connell, and has jumped backward into the shoes of Lord Sidmouth. It would be pleasant to think that the new constituency had intelligence enough to understand this historical phenomenon. We have our sus cions as to the unscrupulousness of the strategist and the rawness of his materials. Desperate efforts as the Liberals are now making to retrieve themselves, it is not im possible that the anomaly of a Radical Con stitution created by Conservative legislators may be matched by another* anomaly — a Conservative Parliament returned by a Radical constituency. But the new House, whatever its personnel . may be, can hardly exaggerate the ' scenes' amid which its pre decessors gave up the ghost. 