THEATRE ROYAL. Friday, Jolt 3. Miss Anna Forde's Benefit.—The theatre goiug public have been'thoroughly overdone with benefits, but for all that. Miss Forde was able to secure a tolerably good house ou Friday night. It was not so full as to be highly complimentary, but the audience was sufficiently large to show that the benefictare had created a good impression. The programme was essentially a lively one, and to judge by the peals of laughter which rung out irom all quarters, the performances were highly ap preciated, as they deserved to be. in the first piece, " The Rustic Prima Donna," she not only gained applause for her singing, which, as usual, was admirable, but also for her acting. She displayed a ■very accurate knowledge of her part, and her impersonation of sSusette the Prima Donna was not wautiDg in grace and finish. Mr. Rogers as Sir Fitful Green, the unhappy owner of the mansion, in which the pertinacious cautatrice has her 1 lodging, was played with a ludicrous natural ness. His main characteristic is a destitution of physical courage, and this wanting, the large share of moral courage to which be laid claim stood him in very poor stead. He was fore warned that a plot had been hatched to murder him in the night, and he treaos tremblingly around his chamber, starting with tragic horror at everv sound and sight which greets his eyes. At length he retires to rest determined to read himself asleep; but by an unlucky chance he extinguishes his candle, whereupon he lies shuddering and per spiring with fear. The would-be assassin arrives, hut his designs are frustrated, partly by an apropos disinclination of the bed-hangings to fad as pre arranged, partly by the interposition of Susette, and finally by the advent of Susette's lover, Alphonse Laroehe (Mr. Stanley). Mr. Rogers's Tendering of the character was inimitably comic. The Highland fling having been very creditably danced by Miss Rogers and Mr. Howson, and Mr. Stanley having executed his skilful feats of balancing on the rolling globe, the burlesque of " Biack-Kyed Susan*' was produced. Captain Crosstree, Dame Hatley, Doggrass, Will.am, O'Ploughshare, and above all Susan herself (Miss Forde) were introduced and hailed as familiar acquaintances. The burlesque passed off with great spirit, the performers acting with far more freedom than they have exhibited in any former representation. Miss Forde w=is called before the curtain at the end of "The Rustic Prima Donna," and treated to a small ovation. Mb. Walter Montgomery.—To-night a new epoch is to commence in the history of Mr. Coppin's management of the Theatre RoyaL The Adelaide public are to have an opportunity of fleeing a few Shaksperian representations which, to judge by report, are quite out of the usual run. Mr. Walter Montgomery's fame has preceded him. There are very few who have not heard of the wonderful triumphs winch he has achieved in the old country and in the Australian Colonies, and we shall be surprised if the audience assembled to welcome him to-night as Hamlet is not something very far out of the common. He, above all men, has made a character for himself—has dared to break through the stilted forms, the venerable traditions and prejudices of the fltage. and make nature, and not the recognised "theatrical" leaders his study. The Australasian \ critic thus speaks of his Hamlet, and the language is well calculated to provoke a longing desire to witness a performance capable of producing the rare effects described:—"I never saw Hamlet on i the stage till last Saturday night. I have seen during the last 24 years of my life about a score of ! actors, some of them several times, in this j character. Perhaps four or five of these have j been comparatively meritorious, several of them { were common-place, and the rest were vilianous. : I have experienced many time a longing to see the ! Hamlet that presented itself to my mind before I j had seen the endeavours to_ express it palpably on : tne stage. Most readers or oiuucspeare nave gone ; through this process of expectation and disappoint ment, and probably most have, resigned them- j selves to the conviction that the resources of the actor's art are unequal to the task of painting i more than an approach to the ideal Hamlet, j It is.not surprising that when the fame of Mr. Montgomery's success in Hamlet first reached this colony there should have been excited a good deal i •of curiosity in the minds of those philo-Shak- j spearians who may have dreamed, but who scarcely hoped ever to see the ideal Hamlet trans lated into a veritable living and breathing thing. Bat last Saturday night the dream became a waking truth, and there was presented so complete an embodiment of the Hamlet of the mind that, for my part, I heartily desire to forget all other Hamlets that I have seen, and •dwell for the future - continually upon this. It was hardly possible indeed to feel other than hopeful after that, after all, the poetic drama is not in a very bad way so long as it is possible for such actors as Mr. Montgomery to exercise any in fluence; and that he does exercise an influence let the enthusiasm evoked by his acting stand as an authentic record. For he is not only unques tionably the best Hamlet it has been the exoerience of Victorian playgoers to witness, but his acting generally is of akind to throwintotbeshade—where, let us hope, from this time it wiii remain-that mechanical automaton-acting of which we have had so much more than enough, that most of us would he content to remain without it for the remainder of our existence. So far as Victoria is concerned, Mr. Montgomery may be said to have commenced a new order of things, and no earnest lover of the true drama but must desire to see the era, thus begun, a very long one. It needs not to inquire in what way, or at what period, or iu response to what incitement, he took that eminently rational view of the drama and of acting which his manner gives assurance he has taken. It is sufficient to know that he has departed from the traditions of his craft, with a largeness of determination as refreshing to those who listen to him, as it is manifestly alarming to the adherents of the old method. To these latter his principles of reformation must have almost the quality of revolutionism, for the acceptance and practical adopton of his ideas in volve the utter and unconditional recantation of ail the old doctrines. The followers of the long existing style are not likely to relinquish their preference for that which habit has made, in a measure, part of themselves; but it is probabiy some comfort to them to know that the average public are likely for some time longer to relish the strong, highly seasoned, and by consequence indi gestible ailment they have so long been furnished withal. But wheu a better taste shall be the rule rather than the exception with an audience, and when natural acting shall have quite displaced the artificial method, it may then be remembered that Mr. Montgomery led the way towards *a con summation so devoutly to be wished.' If his Hamlet bad been nothing more than a correct reading, it would have merited high commenda tion. The absence of all stage accessories could not have deprived it of the charm of freshness and naturalness it so pre-eminently possesses. But it is so much more than merely correct; it seizes so strongly upon the attention by reason of its close resemblance to the ideal creation; it supplies, in short, so nearly the thing that has hitherto existed only as a picture in the mind, that it at once evokes the strongest sympathy, and both fascinates and delights the spectator. The theory adopted by Mr. Montgomery as to the psychology of the character is by far the most probable of all the many clever speculations on the subject of Hamlet's madness. The solution of this problem appears indeed to be presented^ at its veiy commencement, where Hamlet himself declares his intention of simulat ing madness the better to conceal his purpose of revenge; and this aspect of the question Mr. Montgomery has taken as the hint wherebv to shape bis treatment of the whole character." In his mode of dealing with the language generally, Mr. Montgomery displays^ an entire freedom from stage speech-making. He is so far from "mouthing it, as many of your players do," that if it were possible to err m being correct and natural, he might be said to err on this side. There is per haps the same relation between his acting and your very strong aud coarse style as between a per fect line engraving and one of those showy over coloured prints that stare at you out of some shop windows, and which you may buy at a shiilingapi ece. I know of no event iu the theatrical annals of this colony which has evoked more interest than Mr. Montgomery's Hamlet. It has evoked the sympathies of the * gods,' and it has reached the convictions of those who. by comparison, are understood to occupf a sublunary state. The processes by which the two effects are brought about are, as I have shown, different enough; but the result obtained, the process is unimportant so far as the success of the actor is concerned."— Monday's Register. Me. Montgomery's Hamlet. Mr. Coppin, in one of his confidential moments, confessed that at -various rimes of his life he had been fool enough to believe in the restoration of legitimate drama. The inference was plainly Muted at that the public who talk so much about legitimate drama had not recognised it when they got it, and that Mr. Ooppin had been a sufferer by his belief in such a theory as public taste. When he spoke he had plausible grounds in his own recent experience for what he said. The kind of legitimate drama with which he opened his season in the Town Hall had not done much good either to the treasury or to the scanty audiences whom it attracted. The criticB had not fallen down and worshipped Mr. James Anderson, of Drnry-lane, and Mr. George Coppin. the great Australian itnpressario, as they ought to have done. The playgoers of Adelaide had not been dazzled as th?y ought to have been by the reflection of Drary-lane, or by the native galaxy which Mr. Ooppin was pleased to call his "Star" Company. ' Hamlet" was a failure, and "Othello's" dusky passion paled before the charms of "The Ticket of-Leave Man's Wife." Once more Mr. Coppin pronounced legitimate drama a mistake and Shakspeare behind the age. Subsequently, at his benefit he delivered these sage maxims as the fruit of his managerial experience in Adelaide. They were strongly demurred to at the time, but the offended dilettante might have soared them selves the trouble had they known how complete a refutation Mr. Coppin was by-and by to give to his own petulant fallacies. The audience which witnessed Mr. Montgomery's d6but at the Theatre Eoyal on Monday night was the best answer that could be given to any insinuations against the dramatic taste or appreciation of the community. It included, along with almost all the regular playgoers in town, many for whom the " Ticket-of-Leave Man's Wife" might wait half a century in vain. Every part of the house was crowded. The dress circle had not the mere brilliant butterfly appear ance which it puts on for operas or command nights. It was full of people, who evidently expected something, and were not to be easily satisfied. The stalls, pit, and gallery all were crowded, but not with the crowds that stamp and jostle each other to keep bellowing actors in coun tenance. It was a large audience, and a fashion able one, as the saying is. but it had more refined qualities than either of these. It was of the quiet sttentirekiad, which a good actor likes best to play to—an audience that follows closely, discriminates correctly the real merits of a part, and applauds in the proper place. Here, as iu Melbourne, Mr. Montgomery has made his first appearance in Hamlet. The con noisseurs say because it is his best character - ami so it well might be. Old colonists might resent our placing it forthwith above Kean's or Oustavus Brooke's: but we may avoid giving them offence. No invidious comparisons—not even with the Andersonian Hamlet—are needed to illustrate its merits. Whatever its artistic rank, it would be a remarkable character were it only for its 01 iginality. ' If the inherent superiority of the representation did not at once strike a spectator, its innovations would. Mr. Montgomery's Hamlet is new both in style and conception. It is as novel and as interesting to the experienced playgoer as to the tyro. Hitherto Hamlet has been a peg to hang a string of soliloquies and declamations upon. mr. Montgomery makes him a real personage, and works out the enigma of his life with the skill of an artist as well as the mechanical dexterity of an actor. The old Hamlet was not one character, but a series of them—a collection of masques. He came in first as a spooney youth rigged out for a funeral; then as a moonstruck youth apos trophising his father's ghost; next as a desperate young man undecided whether he should kiil him self or somebody else; and lastly as the full-blown madman— " With his doublet all unbraced, No hat upon his bead; his stockings fouled, Ungartered, and down gyved to his ancle; Pale as his shirt; his knees knocking each other, And with a look se piteous iu purport As if he had been loosed out of hell To speak of horrors.'' Iu order to avoid too flagrant contradictions of the text these interpreters granted to the poor youth some transient gleams of sanity—a little method in his madness. They made him appear all things to all men—grossly contemptuous toward Polonius, scornfully cynical toward Ophelia, hypocritically respectful towards his mother, suspicious of his royal uncle, and always undecided how to treat his bosom friends — Horatio, Rosencranz, and Guihlen stern. These rapid variations and transi tions afforded scope for much effective acting, but it was all disjointed. It had not even the redeeming quality of Hamlet's alleged madness— method. In the onward drifting current of events the centre figure stood as something distinct from them, and raised above them. They were to him only the means by which lie introduced his solilo quies. developed his great scenes, and made his traditional points. 'This interpretation not only weakened the in terest of the character, but it infustd incongruity into the whole drama. The spectator never could learn from it what kind of personage Shakspeare intended Hamlet to be, nor now he was impelled onward to his fate. The denouement comes at the end of the fifth act, but it was not clear what share Hamlet had had in producing it, nor what his motives had been throughout. The character lost half its force in the vagueness and uncertainty of its rendering. Without a fundamental idea, it was a persouified puzzle rather than a dramatic conception. Inconsistent with itself, and with mauy of the incidents which ought to have illus trated it, the old Hamlet strode the stage like a Polyphemus with his eye in process of being gouged. Mr. Montgomery's version, whether right or wrong, has the cardinal merit of being free from all t';is incongruity. It is throughout self-consistent, and. as far as the evidence of a first hearing can warrant, we should say that it is consistent with the text. At all events, it gives a new and much more forcible meaning to various passages which have hitherto attracted no special attention. The diversities of situation and action are as clearly marked as in the old rendering, but there is a unity superadded. mr. Montgomery's Hamlet is based on a distinct psychological theory that Hamlet was not mad, but only feigned mad ness. This furnishes a fundamental idea on which every scene and speech and gesture has been carefully cast. It has supplied a motive which every incident iu the tragedy helps to bring forward in a clearer light. It is the secret of Air. Montgomery's universally-admitted originality. It enables him to discard many old stage traditions, and to introduce a style of acting which imparts a new interest to the whole play. The illustrations of this abound in every act, but •we shall only mention the more prominent ones. The ordinary Hamlet comes on the stage as if his madness wee already brooding over him. He is funereal, unsociable, fantastic. Mr. Montgomery is none of these. His countenance when he first enters is sad and thoughtful, hut nothing more. His dress—an elegant tunic and hose—does not seem intended to represent anything more tragic than princely mourning. Standing in f he royal presence iielookedamost natural yetaffectingembodiment of grief. It absorbed but had not yet inflamed his mind. In the Ghost scene the tendency of all his action was to show the light breaking in upon the wretched Prince. The ghostly revelation gradually overwhelmed and left him prostrate. By the excessive delicacy and intensity of his gestures he made every emotion as plain to the audience as if it had been spoken, tience what is usually a dumb scene became instinct with meaning and interest. The actor who can command applause by listening must be of a higher order than he wiio cau only extort it by declamatiou. The second illustration is to be obtained from thesucceediugintervie w with Horatio and Marceiius when Hamlet pledges both to secrecy. Generally this is given as if one of the first symptoms of coming madness. The disordered mind shows itself in what appears to be ill-timed and irrational jesting. Hamlet in the depth or his despair consoles himself by befooling the only friends he has left. In Mr. Montgomery's hauds the scene becomes very different. Hamlet is overtaken by Horatio and Marceiius before he lias decided how to act upon the ghostly revelation. They begin to question before he knows whether or not he should take them into his confidence. One moment he is about to yield, and while the secret is on his tongue he recalls it. The sentence that was to betray him he turns off with a commonplace which is susceptible also of a satirical application. A11 the while he remains grave and increasingly sad. The interview con cludes with the oath of secrecy, which Hamlet takes with the solemnity of a man who is in earnest, and with the dignity of a prince addressing his inferiors. In the scene with Ophelia the key to the cha racter is unmistakably given. Hamlet believes Bolonius to have been set. as a spy upon him, hence his straDge treatment of him—an example which be warned others not to dare to imitate. He suspected that Ophelia was cognizant of the plot, and hence his strange behaviour to her. The parting interview with her was dictated by Hamlet's knowledge that he is being watched. To prove that this is the construction intended, Polonius and the King are made to show themselves peeping from behind a curtain, towards which Hamlet is 1 ever turning his eyes. He acted a double part to suit the occasion, and here Mr. Montgomery ex hibited both his peculiar conception ana his style to the greatest advantage. In the midst of his sneering and reviling at Ophelia he frequently checked himself, and showed a sudden impulse to throw off the masque. Even in throwing her off with the exclamation, "Get thee to a nunnery," he exhibited the double character with such consummate skill that he seemed to wear two distinct expressions, and to speak in two voices at the same time. But enough of criticism. It must seem cold and prosaic following immediately after the enthu siastic admiration which its subject has excited. Mr. Montgomery has conferred two invaluable boons on our local drama. He has given it a new Hamlet, and has shown it a type of the highest school of tragedy. His acting is of a bind that we have never had before in Adelaide. It possesses all the self-possession, the fluency, and the correct ness of the classic stage, but without any stagi ness. It has invested the buskin with the elegance and naturalness of private life, with the intel lectuality of the Shaksperiau student, and with the charms of the most refined elocu tion. His voice is an emblem of the mental power that wields it—full of expression, admirably modulated, and of wide compass. His physique is not of the sort which owes its impressiveness to mere stature. Mr. Montgomery is not above the middle size, but his air is dignified, and his manner graceful. His tragic power Lies more in his face, however, than in his form. His countenance is intellectual, and has at the same time a moral de cision about it which bespeaks the truest regard for art. As his debut will have excited general curiosity with regard to his antecedents, we reproduce the following extract from a biographical notice which appeared in the Arpu* a few months ago "Mr. Montgomery's first appearance upon the stage was as an amateur in the well-known dramatic performance given by the members of the London Punch 6taff, in which Charles Oickens and Douglas Jerrold were the prime movers. Shortly afterwards he had the honour of performing with Mr. Charles Kean and Phelps at Windsor Castle, on which occasion John Hartley played Falstaff for the last time. Mr. Charles Kean was the first actor of eminence who recog nised Mr. Montgomery's abilities, and he was offered a professional engagement with him for three ycaTS. _ Unwilling, however, to peril his rising reputation by too premature an appearance before a critical London audience, he accepted the advice of his friends, and determined to run the gauntlet of the provincial stage before he appeared on the London boards.' Be accordingly came out in leading parts on the Norwich Circuit, from whence he went to Bath, Bristol, and Birmingham. He then followed Mr. James Bercnet at the Theatre Royal, Manchester, and from thence ran the round of provincial criticism at Liverpool, Dublin, and Edinburgh. His first appearance in London was as Othello, at the Princess's Theatre; Mr. Fechter, who was then lessee, having being struck by his performance of Fauleonbridge to the late G. V. Brooke's King John, at the Manchester Theatre, and engaged him for two years to play alternate parts with Phelps. The company of which he was a member comprised some of the best actors of the day, in cluding Mr. and Mrs. Charles Mathews, Phelps, J. Brougham, Geo. Vining, and Mis" Helen Faucit. The great success of 'The Duke's Motto,' how ever. caused Mr. Fechter to repudiate his engage ments, and a suit of lawensued. Mr. Montgomery made his first appearance as Othello the third -night after the decision of the case, and, although the circumstances were so unfavourable, suc ceeded at once in pleasing the public taste. It was at this theatre that he appeared as Borneo to the Juliet of Madlle. Stella Colas (an actress whom he first introduced to the public at Manchester); and from that date his repu tation was established. Encouraged by the favourable notice of the Press and the public, he took the Princess's Theatre, and during a season of seven weeks produced no less than i 35 high- class and Shaksperian plays—a fact alone | which should entitle him to the good wishes of all | lovers of the drama. At this time his own parts \- were of the highest riass. He played nearly all the great characters of Shakspeare—Othello, Jago, King John, Hamlet, Macbeth, Shylock, Romeo, Benedick, Petruchio, Marc Antony, Brutus. , Cassius, Posthumus, Hotspur, and Lear, all played by him in turn: while in the lighter characters of Claude Melnotte, Evelyn, Charles Surface, an'd Don Felix he was no less successful. His Virginius. Kichelieu, Giles Overreach, and Mortimer (in the "Iron > hest") were also spoken of in the highest terms; and he succeeded in thoroughly establishing himself in the legitimate drama, and from this time took rank among the first actors of the day. His last appearance in London was at the close of his engagement at Drury-Iane a short time back, where he had been playing leading parts with Phelps." Mb. Montgomery s Loots XL Adelaide playgoing is very spasmodic. It delights in alternate spurts and reactions. On Tuesday night the house, though far above average, was a contrast to that of Monday. There were more empty seats, less excitement, and, generally speaking, an inferior turn-out. It may be accounted for by the piece being less familiar than most of those with which Mr. Montgomery's reputation is associated. But his impersonation has effectually removed that drawback. He has raised the villanous old Valois to the level of his best creations, and made liiin a household word for all time coming. From Hamlet to Louis XL is a stride which not every tragedian is capable of taking, nor every audience capable of appreciating. The one stands at the extreme of idealism, the other at the extreme of realism. Hainlet is a creature of Shakspeare's brain, the quintessence of vague traditions glorified by a poet's fancy. Louis XL is an historical personage so decided and boldly marked in himself, that no dramatist has been able to move him an inch from his historical groove. Sir Walter Scott has given a portrait of him in "Quentin Durward" which might have been taken fraui the life. Victor Hugo has exhausted his ingenuity in re vealing the darker traits of his character, but without making him a whit the worse or the more repulsive than his professed biographers. The life of Louis XI. was a natural tragedy his reign was a long series of tragedies. A King who did as much for France as Charlemagne or Henry IV., but whom Prance loves least of all the Valois. One of the finest intellects of his time he perverted through the sheerest selfishness—the greatest powers he applied to the basest purposes. Through treachery he rose to an unprecedented height of tyranny, and treacherous to the last his tyranny overshot its mark. He had reduced all the doctrines of Machiavelli to practice before Machiavelli commuted them to paper. He had outwitted the rude diplomacy of the fifteenth century; he bad trodden out the last embers of mediseval violence in France; he had laid the foundation of monarchical govern ment as it was understood before the revolution; he had formed a nation out of a conglomeration of rival Duchies—all before Machiavelli bad conceived a thought about the art of goveruiug. Louis XL would have been an enigma had con temporary history not studied hiui so carefully and commemorated him so faithfully. As it is, he is still a paradox. With the most enlightened aims he combiued the utmost disregard of nieans. A pol icy which would have done credit to the nineteenth century be prosecuted in a spirit and with ap pliances that would have disgraced the ninth. He could cherish a noble ambition, and stoop to the meanest form of gratifying it. He could appreciate goodness, and in his own life deliberately prefer wickedness. He could act the miser in an age of generosity. He could keep his assassins and his poisoners iu an age of chivalry. He could build dungeons and invent iron eager, while other men were looking for the dawn of modern liberty. If the Pythagorean doctrine were to be believed in the souls of Louis .Napoleon and of the late King Bomba might be supposed to have existed at the close of the fifteenth century in one body, and that body would have been Louis XL's. Within it were assembled the avarice of our Henry VII., the arrogance of Henry VICL, the bigotry of Catholic Mary, the sagacity of Elizabeth, the meanness of James I., the bigotry of Charles I., and a heartless cynicism which could not be understood in England. Louis XL was a man whom some would call a genius, and others crack brained ; some a sceptic, and others a bigot; some a great administrator, and others a selfish tyrant; some an. enterprising reformer, and others a narrow-minded pedant; some a spendthrift, "and others a miser. All these epithets would have had a certain amount of truth in ihem. They were at least sufficiently true to constitute Louis XL a paradox. The drama represents him in the closing years of liis life; struggling, in fact, against the only enemy he has ever feared to face, and never hoped to circumvent. The King is dying in his favourite palace of Tournay, in a miserable room above the dungeons in which he has buried alive so many of his fallen foes. Morally as well as physically his power is trembling in his hands. The iron sceptre quivers, and the haughty nobles on whose neck it has been laid so heaviiy begin to raise their heads as that, of the King declines. The world is whirling away from him. and as he feels himself reeling on his throne all his characteristic passions are aroused within him. One time he is imperious and cynical as of old, the next he is terror-stricken and superstitious. From spurning his attendants with kingly disdain he turns to lick the feet of his physician, imploring a few hours more of life. These contrasts grow in intensitv and interest as the end approaches. The dramatist's power rises along with them until all reach an impressive, almost harrowing climax. Louis XI. lias one defect as an historical drama— the absence of sustained declamatory effort. It is tragic in its action rather than in its diction, and had it been written within the last dozen years the author might have preferred to call it a melo drama. Even now it might be more correctly spokeu of as sensationalized history. In quality no less than in style it is a doubtful "associate for the classic tragedies of the English stage. The centre figure is almost everything in it—a monster surrounded by puppets. There is nothing here inconsistent with its popularity among distin guished tragedians. They prefer the centre figures, which loom forth iu half solitary graudeur. Louis XI. pre-eminently gratifies such a preference. .Royalty has all its own way to the last, and the minor characters exist hut for their principal, as the French Court existed but for Louis. The actor who undertakes such a rdle must have large mental resources, endless versatility, and self reliance. He must be able to compress a whole plot into his individual part; to represent com plete situations in his own person. That, we con ceive, is the reason why Louis XL figures so frequently in star engagements, and so seldom among ordinary stock pieces. To say that Mr. Montgomery exhibited all the requisite qualifications of a good Louis would be commonplace. He made itamagnificentcharacter —an artistic study, a spectacle and a dramatic creation all in one. What was most notable iu it was his pantomimic skill. In Hamlet his elocu tion had charmed the audience into forgetfulness of his subsidiary talents. Unless in the ghost scene it was hardfy noticed how much he could accomplish apart from his voice. While he seemed only to be declaiming as other actors declaim—but infinitely better—he was doing a dozen other things beside. His countenance glowed, and his eyery limb trembled with sup pressed passion. By the most artistic and ex pressive gestures he gave visible form to the agonies of revenge and grief that rent his soul. Even in repose he was still artistic. There was a fascination in his face and a significance in his looks which rendered it impossible for him to be oa the stage without influencing his audience. Standing as an auditor in the background, he re flected all that passed around him. aud the reflec tion was preferred to the original. In " Louis XI." the manifestation of his talents was of a contrary order—the elocution was subordinated to the action. Merely to look like what history represents Louis . XL to have been at this period requires no common ! skill. The decrepitude of age had to be tempered ; with the dignity of royalty. The smouldering wickedness of the past had to he contrasted with the hypocritical penitence which had its eye upon the future. The changeful moods of an erratic dictatorial tyrant, who knew no will but his own, had to be displayed in their rapid abrupt sequence. Mx. Montgomery made a speciality of this. He has great physiognomic power, but something even more remarkable than its range is the rapidity of its variation. His features can check them selves in the expression of an emotion, and turn it into something opposite. Louis would be bullying the one moment, then a sudden idea would seem to strike him, and he would change his cue to cajolery. A word would freeze his soul with terror, and another would make it leap for joy. Flattery would pour from liis tongue while his face was toward his victim; but almost before he had turned himself he would assume a glare of fiendish treacherous malice. A different set of transitions had to be executed slowly, and in these Mr. Montgomery would show every phase of the process. For instance, when Louis was listening to the bold defiances of Nemours his colour came and went, his eyes darted hither and thither, his features shrunk together, and expanded in unison with the motions of his mind. It could be seen that the Xing was not only listening to the defiance, hut meditating the answer he shouid return to it. He was digest ing every ungracious word and spec dating on its ulterior motive. The growth of his thoughts was seen in his countenance as if it had been the very mirror of his soul. Louis was exhibited in many guises, and in all Mr. Montgomery rendered him as Tepuisive as 1 Victor Hugo himself could desire. He first came upon the stage in a fury at Count de Drewx, which ! afforded him the only declamatory effort in the ! play. In his vituperation he raved and stamped and ground his toothless gums, the very image of the unreasoning unappeasable frenzy of dotage. In his audience with tbe envoy of the Duke of Burgundy his eyes glistened , with suspicion, and his face assumed all tbe hues of deceitful cunning. In his interview with Tristan afterwards, when a vile plot is to be laid against the envoy in order to recover the treaty which Louis had signed in apparent good faith, the pantomime was exquisite. Hint by hint was slowly dropped to the Provost Marshal—each illustrated by some appropriate 1 gesture — until a pictorial representation of throat-cutting completed the understanding be tween the two worthies. But the emotional i climax was reserved for the fourth act— for the frightful cowering beneath the nagger of Nemours, and the ghastly agony of the death-bed. There Mr. Montgomery had splendid scope to show his mastery over the baser passions. His terror of death made a perfectly hideous spectacle. Ordinary actors can only disgust us when they attempt to realize such situa tions. Mr. Montgomery rivetted attention, and the more hideous his passion became the more the eyes of the audience were strained upon it—it seemed so real. On the ground of originality there is not so much to say for Louis as for Hamlet. But in artistic completeness and consistency they may Tank together above ail that we have been accus tomed to dignify by the name of tragedy. There is in both a wonderful display of intelligence in the conception and of care in the execution. Both fulfil the ideal which every student of bhakBpeare or of Victor Hugo carries in his mind. They do more than that, for they expand and strengthen it. Though we have spoken of the subsidiary cha racters as puppets in comparison with the centre fi-'ure, it would be an injustice not to admit that they were well cast. Mr. Rogers had a smooth easy rtile in Coitier, and it would be a small com pliment to him to say that he succeeded in it. After the tiue ami skilful rendering which he gave on Monday of that much abused and befooled character, Polonius, it would have been impos-ihle to fail in such astop-gap as Coitier. Mr. Holloway, as the Duke de Nemours, carried off the palm in declamation, and his friends aloft rewarded him with a call before the curtain. Mr Gladstone (a new appearance) showed to advantage as Tristan, the Provost-Marshal: and Mr. Greville's Marcel was of necessity a very fuuny peasant in his way. Mb. Montgomesy's Benedict and Don Cesar DE BaZYN. On Wednesday night there was such a house as more than redeemed the defects of Tuesday. Every part was crowded, and the dress circle was better even than that to which Mr. Montgomery made his first bow in Hamlet. The bil I was proportioned to the audience, both in length and quality. From half Dast 7 to nearly midnight is a very liberal dose of high-class acting. Mr. Montgomery exhibited two entirely new phases of his talent one in puie comedy, and the other in what may be called bufl'o comedy: consequently during these first three nights of his engagement he has swept the whole range of the drama, from the passionate melancholy of Hamlet to the devil-may-care humour of Don Cas-ar de Buzan. Every transition lias elicited new power in i he artist and fresh ail miration in his audiences. In the repulsive, ill-natured, decrepit monster who represented Louis XI. could not have been re cognised the fate-stricken, ghost-haunted youth who had worn the princely weeds of Elsinore. The ill- favoured old King was in his turn lost in the graceful, witty cavalier, Benedict. Mr. Montgomery's Benedict was so skilfully played as to conceal all the art that was in it. The spectators could easily forget that it was acting at all, the r6le sat so naturally on its impersonator. In repartee-one of the most difficult avts to culti vate on the stage, especially for a tragedian—Mr. Montgomery excelled. Some actors cannot main tain a dialogue without stiffness and hesitancy of manner, which betrays that they are speaking by the hook. Others hare a fatal fluency, which casts suspicion on then understanding. Mr. Montgomery is neither too stiff nor too fluent. In dialogue lie toues down his voice to that happy medium which combines the ease of real conversation with the emphasis that imoarts dignity and intelligibility. In his wit fencing with Beatrice he was prompt, yet deliberate, smart, without seeming too eager to show his smartness. He delivered Benedict's sarcasms in the style _ appropriate to Benedict's mental character and his age. These gay sons of chivalry had time to cultivate their wit, and they enjoyed the practice of it. Mr. Montgomery did them justice in showing that his had been so culti vated, aud that it was an enjoyment to him for its own sake. With an imaginary Messina m the background, a>.d a less impulsive B-atnce at his side, be might have fancied himself a real Bene dict. and the illusion would have communicated itself to liis audience. Despite very defective accessories, he contrived to create and maintain it to the last, as far as he himself was concerned. Benedict, like the generality of bhiksperian heroes, is exhibited not only in external action, but in a state of mental growth. The action is, in fact, but the manifestation of the internal changes. The plot of "Much Ado about Nothing" does not hinge on a mere outward event, hat <111 a psycholo gical process. Benedict appears first as a mlso gamist—a sneerer at the holy state of matrimony. He is made to display his full ingenuity in that direction. The poet then infuses a new element into his mind, and its influence is seen leavening and changing his whole being. In the same way Hamlet appears first simply as a youth sorrowing for a dead father, and disgusted with the world which has so soon forgotten him. The ghost instils a moral poison into his soul—a deadly suspicion—and it not only leavens, but revolu tionizes. Hence the impersonation of such characters is not mere acting—it is poetic inter pretation. It requires a vivid fancy and an intimate knowledge of the human heart, as well as a command of voice and gesture. Mr. Mont gomery, in illustrating the conversion of Benedict from a misogamisfc into a lover, from a cynic into a sentimentalist, did much more than deliver certaiu very clever speeches which Shakspeare had set down for him. He embodied a mental process, and visualized it stage by stage. He revealed the struggling of the old nature against the new tendency, and celebrated the victory; of Cupid by a complete change in his style of acting. " Much Ado About Nothing'' has a very early— almost premature culmination. As far as the leading characters are concerned, the interest cul minates iii the second act, where Benedict and 1 Beatrice hear of each other's love. The most difficult passage for either of them is the reception of this unexpected intelligence. They have to ex hibit their surprise at it, to endeavour to account for it, and to resolve how they will treat it—all by a simultaneous course of action. Mr. Mont gomery's rendering of this situation would have satisfied the keenest criticism. He had two ex quisite monologues to deliver—the before aud after—and nature could not have produced ia real life a finer contrast. The first was the miscgamrst's lameut over his friend Claudio, aud his deprecation of ever falling into such a snare himself. There was a flavour of the most delicate yet piquant humour in his rendering of the famous lines—"May lbs converted, and see with these eyes. I cannot tell. I thick not. I will not be sworn, hut love may transform me into an oyster: but I'll take my oath on it till he have made an oyster of me he shall never make me such a fool." The whole speech was artistically elaborated, aud every seutence turned into a little comedy. The same with its counterpart, which followed on the departure of the Prince and his friends, after their ruse for revealing to him Beatrice's love. When Benedict returned from his hiding-place to the footlights he was a new man. His cynicism was already thawing under the heat of the very sentiment which a few minutes before he had been flouting. His eagerness t > believe what he had just been laughing at when he did not suspect its possibility is a profound inspiration of the poet, which , the artist se'zed upon with keen intelligence and worked out with great skill. Bene dict having got the idea of love into his head thought of nothing but its realization. He dis regarded all difficulties, suppressed all misgivings, anticipated and answered all objections. With the same ingenuity whereby he had proved his in vulnerability he now vindicated his inglorious sub mission. "I may chance have some odd quirks and remnants of wit broken on me because I have railed so long against marriage. But doth not the appetite alter? * * ' When I said I would die a bachelor I did not think I should live till I were married." By this confession Benedict's fate was decided, and there Mr. Montgomery's hardest task ended. In the latter part of the play he had little to do that required him again to put forth his power. But the recollection of the scene in Leonato's garden compensated for the lameness of the close. When the cut tain fell it was amid regrets that such pure and refined comedy is to be seen so seldom on the stage. The cast was, with one exception, the same as that which supported Mr. Anderson's Benedict, and therefore it does not require to be again particularized. Of course Miss St. Denis was the representative of Beatrice, and Dogberry was effectually written down an ass by Mr. tireville. As Don Cifisar de Bazsn, Mr. Montgomery had 1 to bring into full play characteristics which were incidental to Benedict. He was obliged to draw upon quite a new fund of humour, and the draft was at once honoured. The first thing to be no ticed in his acting is the skill with which he iden tifies himself with a character. It is not a mere composite impersonation, in which the better points of different characters are brought together time after time, and presented in different order and under different aspects. Every new part is a distinct creation —a com plete embodiment offered for critical study. And what au intelligent judgment creates there is dramatic power to pourtray. Mr. Montgomery does not give a handle to the critic by putting forward a dim indistinct image; he boldly in dicates that he has design in what he does, and all the minutiffi of action and gesture required to give expression to that design are assiduously observed. The Adelaide public are much more familiar with Don Caesar under its operatic title of Maritana. In the opera the slips of the actor may pass unobserved under cover of the dulcet notes of the musician; but not so in the drama. There is no subterfuge available. A noble Spaniard of rare generosity, boundless good humour, and unini peachablecourage has to be impersonated. Through prodigality his wealth has been scattered to tbe winds, and with destitute circumstances creditors swarm around him claiming their own. His troubles would be quite enough to drive an ordinary ■ man to distraction, but through it all he preserves a jovial equanimity—in dress, the decayed remains o! a doublet befitting the raDk of Don; in bearing, the courtly grace of a courtly Spaniard; and in manner, the easy abandon of a man who feels that he has reached the very bottom of the hill, and that no change is likely to be for tue worse. Mr. Montgomery's portraiture of the Count was faultless. It required a few moments to recognise him in his ragged dress, for his voice, as well as his physical exterior, was entirely changed from what it had been not many minutes before. The principal scenes are the interview with Don Jose; the inter cession on behalf of the boy Lazarillo, which ter minated so tragically; his prison marriage; his introduction to the Countess de fiotondo as his wife; his tcte-a-tCte with the King. It is difficult to say which was managed most successfully. It is only honest to add that their combined testi mony was sufficient to confirm the actor's title to a reputation for extraordinary versatility. Whatever may be thought of the piece itself—and it is diffi cult to know how to designate it—there could only be the one opinion wiih regard to the successful representation of "Don Caesar de Bazan." And on the wholes too, he was well supported. Excepting an occasional inopportune display of archness or satirical petulance, Miss St. Denis gave a good rendering of the " Wild Wood Flower." There is, however, scarcely enough of the Gitana experience given to illustrate the extent of the contrast. Those, too, who have lively recollections of Madame Lucy Escott's lively impersonation and charming singing might be apt to draw an un favourable and unfair comparison. Mr. Bogers's performance as the Marquisde Botondo, Governor General of His Spanish Majesty's poultry, was one of those pieces of acting for which he will be long remembered. His counterfeit of the empty-pated and deluded old placeman was so like reality that it is impossible to refer to a blemish m it. Mr. Bolleway did not shine as the King. His rCh has evidently nothing to do with aristocracy; and, although he got through his part without positively failing in it, there is no special point upon which he can be commended. Mr. Lawrence's Don Jose comes pretty much within the same category. It was passable, and that is all that can be said in its favour. Mb. Montgomery's John Mildmay. It is being proved that the proverb "Still waters run deep" applies also to legitimate corned}7. Mr. Montgomery is drawing crowds to the Theatre Royal whose faces were seldom to be seen there before. He is not merely filling the house, but he is imparting a new character to the audiences. The very gods have come under his spell, and give him as hearty applause as ever the loudest rant drew from them, tin Thursday night there wa3 a full attendance, though hardly a crush. The piece put on was Tom Taylor's "Still Waters Run Deep," with which only the most refined comedians cucht to meddle. John Mildmay, the leading rGle, is a Lancashire man, who lias married a fastish young lady, and retired from business to enjoy himself in a quiet, unpre tending, Cincinnatus- like fashion. There is. how ever, a wife's aunt in the case, a mere alias for a mother-in-law. who prefers fuss to quietness; and, as John Mildmay will not make fuss enough to satisfy, she takes the management of his house as well as of his wife out of his hands. She has a brother—John's father-in-law—whom she also assumes to be unable to look after himself, and accordingly she does it for him. The two superfluous males have to submit and subside into their natural insignificance. With one of them this is perfectly genuine; but with the other it is only a make-bshef. The clever aunt ge'S on wonderfully until a very clever captain, who lias something to do with thei-tock Exchange, crosses her path. He is a plausible, insinuating libertine, who has reduced to a regular art the cheating of women out of their honour and of men out of their money. John Mildmay sees through him, but says nothing, while the clever aunt falls into his share, and the thought less young wife lias a very narrow escape. The aunt knows him to be a swindler in money matters, jet she trusts him with her heart until she finds that he is duping her as regards that also. She then tries to turn upon him, and be revenged; but she lias compromised herself too deeply, and certain ietters of hers, which he holds, give him a fatal power over her. Here John Mild may steps in, and settles everything in his self possessed Lancashire fa-diion. He had recognised in tlie soi-disxnt Captain Hawksley an old clerk, who had presented a forged bill at the country house of John's late firm, and obtained the money for it. _ After several.months' enquiry he recovered the bill, and, taking it to Hawksley's office, threatens an exposure unless the aunt's letters are given up, along with the money out of wliich she had been fleeced. These are hard terms for the Captain, but he has no alternative save to submit, ana lie does so. After having acknowledged himself to be a swindler, he has the assurance to demand the satisfaction of a gentleman for the insult that had been offered him. Being laughed at, he subsequently vi-its John's house, and in his drawing-room brandishes a horsewhip as a symbol of physical castigaiion. But his visit had been expected, and duly provided for. A detective is in waiting to arrest him far tlie second forgery, and the denouement begins with H-twksley being handcuffed, and cuds with John Mildmay's an nouncement that he intends henceforth to be master in his own house. Afier the many changes of style previously exhi bited by Mr. Montgomery, it was almost impos sible to expect that he could disguise himself again; but he did it most successfully. His John Mildmay was in one respect the antithesis of all ha had formerly re;.resen:ed. It was a negative role, for its 6ole aim, during the greater part of the piece, was to look dnl', and sluggish, and laissez faire. All was stolidity and passiveness where before all had been life and activity. The mobile face of Benedict, which had reflected every emotion of the heart, had to be masked by dulness verging on stupidity. The first, exhibited John in the culti vation of domestic felicity, with his wife pouting, his aunt lecturing, and his father-in-law snoring by the fireside. It was ali one to him what they said, or did, or thought; he had his celery for a refuge from domestic storms. In this incipient stage John's physiognomy was the on'y subject which permitted much display of art. Mr. Montgomery made a genuine north country fare of it—very blank, but it could be seen that the blankness was oniv a masque; very good natured, hut with latent fire beneath; very submissive, but with a curl of scorn for the petticoat government he so patiently sub mitted to. John's speech corresponded with his features. It was very dry, blunt, and monosyllabic, but the Iduntuess ought sometimes to have awakened suspicion iu those to whom it was manifested. In the second act, where at the breakfast-tabie Mrs. Sternhold appeals to John to avenge the insult she has received from Hawkeslei', there was some exquisite acting of the negative kind. John knew well enough what his clever aunt was driving a;, but he was insensible to her hints. His very unsympathetic matter-of-fact answers drew her on to confessing much more than intended or suspected. As a Waltonian would say, John gave lier line enough, and sat by handling the rod with the apparent clumsiness of a rustic, but, as the issue proved, with the dexterity of an ex perienced angler. Though still impassive he was brightening up, and by the time he got to Hawksley's e-ffice in the city lie had a dangerous curl on his lips. He listened bravely to the speculator's algebraic theory of the advantages of galvanic navigation; then he began his own tale about the forged bill, aud worked it out paint bv point until he could place his hand on Hawksley's shoulder and say, "'thou art the man." It was beautifully told, beautifully acted, and the efleet was electric, not only on Captain Hawksley, but on the audience. These two scenes— the iete a-ipJe with Mrs. Sternhold at the breakfast - table, aud that with Hawksley in his office—were worthy of Jefferson, and that is the highest standard of comedy known on the Australian stage. The artist who can add an impersonation like John Mildmay to the finest Hamlet of the day, and one of the finest Louis the Elevenths, is a credit to the modern drama. The most fulsome flatter}' could not enhance this irre sistible verdict of criticism. Mr. Montgomery is au artist in whose presence we can hardly envy the eighteenth century for its Garrick. The casts and incidentals were respectable. One thing in particular we noticed was a great improve ment in the stage arrangements. The drawing room in the opening scene exhibited as much elegance as could be got out of the limited materials available in the way of furniture. Hitherto the real Coppiu salon has been something, like a second-class waiting-room at a railway station. The best of the secondary rules ought to have been in Captain Hawksley, but it was not. Mr. Lawrence got on much better than might have been expected from his ntter unsuitability to the character. The fashionable villains are not in his line, and the wing-whiskers, instead of making him look buoyant and ethereal, seem to smother him. They make him talk in a coustrained way as if they were growing on both side of his cheeks —the one end outward and the other down his throat. As a barefaced, straightforward villain we have always appeciated him, but not with wing-wiskers. Mr. Potter, the father-in-law, was delightfully taken ca-e of by Mr. Sogers. It belongs to the old-fogey class, in which he is pre-eminent; but as he gave it an unusual amount of elaboration, it took almost like a novelty. Mr. Rogers has gained many a great success in the same line; but yesterday he excelled himself. Miss St. Denis, as Mrs. Mild may, also deserves special commendation, for which she may thank an extra effort of self restraint Mrs. Holloway had undertaken in Mrs. Sternhold something that elicited her defects more than her good qualities; but despite this disad vantage, she got through it satisfactorily. The "Rustic Prima Donna" followed; and although in itself stupid enough, it afforded scope to Mr. Rogers to display some capital action of the pantomimic class, and Miss Forde to give some charming speci mens of her vocal powers. Committal of Bailes.—On July 8, it will lie seen by reference to our report of the Redruth Court, Bailes was committed to the Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court for hut-robbiug. He was then taken by the troopers to be tried at Clare and Auburn on other charges. Alteration of a Cheque.—On Jul3' S William Walsh, alias Walter Beadle, was committed to the Supreme Court on the charge of altering a cheque from £414s. 3d. to £64 lis. 3d. It appears that in this instance there were more than usual facilities. The was ample room before the figure 4 to insert the 6 or any other single figure, and in the written portion of the cheque there was space left, the word placed there by the wricer being also beguu with a small f. The report appears elsewhere under the heading Redruth. New Weapons and New Uniforms.—The Perth Gazette, June 12, thus records the arrival of a detachment of the 14th Regiment:—"H.M.S. Virago made but a short stay at Fremantle. The troops were landed on Friday, the company to be quartered at Perth being taken from the ship on hoard the Lady Stirling steamer, and came direct np the river without landing at Fremantle. They were put on shore close to their quarters, where they were received by the Volunteer Band. At pre sent they are to do duty alternately with the pensioners. The company _ is Sfi strong. The transport Albert Victor, with the women and children and heavy baggage, will probably arrive about a fortnight hence. We observe the men are armed with the Snider rifle, and turned out on Wednesday for their first guard duty in Icmekcr bockers. The Virago sailed for Sydney on Monday, via King George's Sound, where we hear she will stay some days." I Fiji.—The West Coast Times Tpublishes the following letter from a planter in Fiji:—"The war undertaken by King Thakombau to punish the murderers of the native ministers, who were not only killed but eaten, still continues. The main body of the army is under the command of the Chief Judge, Rollu Sananaca, who is reckoned the best General in the islands. The division has suc ceeded in taking nine towns, killing great numbers of the rebels, besides taking others prisoners; but, on the other hand, Tui Koko, the second commander, has suffered a defeat. This state of things is not at all pleasant when you are living in the middle of the hostile armies, aud have to keep right with both parties. My cotton crop is all but destroyed by the last hurricanes, which destroyed nearly all the ptoduce on Oavalu. The estimate of the cotton crop for this year is ex pected to reach £50,000;but thecocoanut looks very I queer—it has been gradually decreasing owing tothe hurricanes. In 1SK5 the value of the oil exported ! reached over £11,000; in 1868 it was less by £2,000; and last year it barely averaged £3.000. You can never depend upon your crops for a night in the stormy season. I am sorry to hear that my brother has sailed for this place; he would do better, I think, anywhere else." 