AS FEouoorz~1rr·DH~cr~on.-An ' artcle in Oncoa, WVeek refers :to Mr. George Augustus Robinson, as the benefactor of the Australian aborigines.,.r?t: states'that! Bir' GoJrge Arthur, having determlned to drive' the aborigines into Tasman's Peninsula; and". by fortifying East Bay Neck keep them' confined, to that 'portion of the: island, the" attempt was wade. :A cordon'of all the' able.bodiod settlers aided the soldiers, about: three hondred,'and ,the I(Governor and suite' took part in the enterprlse.' Theo orepditidn! cost the 'colony":O7,OOOt, and only. t'Wo' aborigines were caught ;: theircapture being: effected at: the irate of' £85,000 a' piece.', lr.? Inoblnson repeated an 'offer- he ;had' previously moade ;to igO out, alone'," single;. handed, and .brlng 'all, the.aborigines mri peaceably and voluntarily, on condition that they:heooldbeo ,well treated' aud, allowed a'? sae 'and suitable tract of 'countr''to them. selves, somewhtero outside the island:':. loe' one, expected ,to;see: this .supposed, mono. maniao. return alive; but :after muroh: dim." culty, Mr',fItobinson succpoded' in bringing i the, whole, aboriglnal. population?'In, ' and{ v placing them onrhin'llders Island;Ž For this I signal service he.obtained, a moderate'grant 'I of land, and induced the government' oft Victoria subseqtientl? tol place him'. at the:.! head of. the protectors of:the aborigines' fant that colony,', This pest he' occupied lith'T credit for five. years. :'Alter his retonrtor Englandi. Mr.' lioblnson: chiefy.resided' at J. lath, highly esteemed by all?who had;the ' privilege' of his acquaintance for his gxeat Intelligence, hise generous ': disposition,' and truly Christiana spmrt, and:there'he died on the 1ith of Oetober, 1O86 t another instance 'I of, aman whose energies, so nseful and bone.", ficlal'.to, mankind,' have been', allowed 'toe'1 pass unuotieodr a?dt unrewardod by society', 1 The Times publishes a communication In. ;: tended .to 'show: that thoeoseaman Charlea-A teade ,who: has'been:s'snutenoed to'five.'4 years' penal servitudo foirdeclaring that hoe x would not take arms against the Fenians, Is: " Insane. ,,,The ',written .defence handed in by Reade to the court is cited as affordlng strong evidence of Its being the production of, a man, who might, under' certain con- ditions, become dangerous to society, but who at present is but a miserable monoma- niac, and' morally' irresponsible for his actions. The 'following is a copy of this strange document :-Tho reason why l re- fused to take arms when ordered is because I would not, be an oppressive means to an outlaw' principle that usurps public power and ' underlies its political face. It has attained' this' position ,under the, cover and through' the impractical influence of protest- antism, 'and its ,,policy is - to render itself impregnable by the 'most dark and fiendish craft, to turn the current of public opinion to Itsow purLposeitO and keep it qloyl b decp· I tion.Irefuse to take arms because I looked upon the Fenlans as being simply i demonstrators of discontent, nand the natural turning of the worm 'hcn it Is excruciatingly crushed. But epart from Fenlans and under the assumption of Fenlans, the outlaw principle has been at work inciting. to horrible and useless deeds of violence, for the expresspurpose of setting every good, honest, generous, and rigbt.mlndd man against It, and thereby terminate Its existence and its object to. gether. From the beginning intelligent men could see that Fenlanlem was incapable of forcing its rights, and rightly kept clear of it; but although its force was despicable, Its existence was significant. It was signifi cant of discontent, and the cause of discon tent is a matter that causes most agitation among those responsible for it." rPrisoner further condemned putting down Fenlanlsm by stratagem, and said the Fenians did not evince any inclination to give their enemies an opportunity to crush them by force. lie , concluded- by saying) :--" 5I believe myself to be a traly loyal man, loyal to honest truth and virtue$ and by all that Is sacred we are forbidden to be in allegiance or to be loyal to evil combinations or designs, and * any man that is loyal to such he either bows down in fear and slavery to the force of brutality, or he is otherwise deceived by craft The outlaw principle that usurps . publie power treads more or less upon the consciences and Interests of all that is sub ject to its rule. Iaving stated thus much, under consideration of consequences, I be lieve myself to be subject to your discretion. Charles fleado." TI'r Stonr or A GrauE x Ehutonicr S rnr.-The terrible stories of the middle passage, which have so often appalled and startled English readers In the old days of the slave-trade, have found a parallel in the present day In the case of a German eml. , grant ship. The numbers of emigrants from Germany to America is often very large, and in consequence the greed for gain 'overrules every other consideration. The unfortunate emigrants are crammed into .wretched and unseaworthy vessels, without any attempt to preserve health or even ,decency among the passengers. Laden *heavily to the water's edge, these miserable ships occupy an unheard-of time pn the passage; and the quality and quantity of the food and water served out to the pas sengers is in keeping with the deficiency of ventilation and space. The Leibnltz, which 'has lust returned from New York after com pleting her voyage thither from tlamburgh in seventy days, was a specimen of these emigrant ships. On the 2nd or November she left Inmburgh with five hundred and and forty-four passengers on hoard, one hundred nad five of whom 'she left midway under the waters of the Atlantic. After reading the accounts given by the commis sioner at the port and others, instead of wondering that nearly, one-fifth of the w?etched emigrants perished, we can only be surprised that so many survived their suffering . During the whole voyage not a window was opened, and in the lower steer age there was no attempt at ventilation. Planks had been laid over the lower beams, beneath which the bilge-water collects, and close by which were stowed large quantities of hides. The compound odonrs of this place must have been werlnigli intolerable, and, indeed, the captain admits that the lanterns, which were hung there in the vain attempt to light It, would not burn from the badness of the air. One hundred and fifty passengers wore crowded down here, and here they die by the dozen. The rations were notonly short, but bad. IIalf-a-pintof water daily was given to each passenger, and this while herrings were served out twice a week Instead.of meat I Sick and well, If any could be well, wore served aliko., There was no medical ofilcer on board the floating pandemonlum, and the scanty medicino chest was soon exhausted. Evon thodead were neglected, their corpses being often loft In the hold for- twenty-four hours after death.' When the examining officer wont on board at New York he asked some little children for their paronts, when the ppor little orphans pointed, crying, to the sea, and said, -down therel The filthlness of the ship as described by this officer was something terrible, and If the object had been ito get rid of superfluous emigrants, more effectual moans could hardly have been tried. We cannot but hope that this pain. ful and scandalous story will. arouse the authorities of the good city of Ilamburgh to vigorous action, and that they will take care that an efficient Inspectionu before any emigrant ship leaves their port will prevent the ,repetition of so hideous a tragedy for the sake of some trifling gain-Sun.. . In' a communication reeisved by the Asatloi Society of Bengal and published In its.proceedings, the question - Is mooted, ".to what is due the exemption that some men have from the 'attacks'of bees and wasps P?" The writer adduces manyinstances to prove that such immunlty is enjoyed by certain individuals, but admits his inabiity to'account for the fact. Yet it Is easily accounted.for. • Some men taste'differently from t others; and. bees, wasps, annd snakes object; to-?rank - and' strong 'flavours. W e6 have ourselvos seen nakod negroes: in'tio West Indies catchin wasps in their fingers without being stung, in consequence of the strongflavonr Of their handsi and 3uvenal dosaribes the odour of the negro :-'..:. , Proptor qiilo floms, cu letsclt ao me lstur. : Quod turos stlm faelt a serpentibas 'Afro?.' - ' Hzrxa~o :Ol--It; said 'that +'all tlte herrings that man, by exercising[ the great-' eat possible industry, can take s from the sea are not of any consequenco wh'atever;'orin • other:words, that theydo not In the slightest \- degroo affect the supplies. Not to speak of the, haveo that the millions of cod and otlior fishes make In the shoals, Itfhas been calcu. lIted that the solon geose of 8t2 ]Xidn alone \- requiroean:annual supply of two hundred ana fourtoen million herrings. , This is equalrto: three hundred and five thousand seen hundred and fourteen barrels; much more'.than: the: total average • of herrings rbranded at all the north oast coast stations • put together in any ono of thbolast three or four years., The quantities 'eaten by fowls and flsh, and the number deslroyed by other equally destructive agencies, are no doubt in Froporton, to those o fiSures.--Macmillan's \- Having settled thh'1.ery question In the Sooth, the Americanjhave lust .discovored 'that Mr.' Seward ha reented them with a \+ similar 'institution p ?revailing among ' the Skndiang of. Walrnasia;t Caste-s' tho heas of . society Insthat region; and it rests upon the S:, :' number of blankets and slarve owned by" the soreral families, the slaves being the' captives from other tribes. The Indians are of the Mongolian type, beyond all others in America. Each family has a coat of arms carved on its shanty, &o.; the devices of the chief families being the bear, wolf, and' serpent. The women ornament themselves with a pin of gold, silver, or ivory inserted in the lower lip--projectiog one or two inchcs--whlch is made larger as they grow older. When a master dies hisslaves are sacrificed at his funeral, the belief being that they will continue to serve him in the world of spirits. It is said that the land.grabbers have been busy in Bilks, and that there is hardly a square foot of ground that has not been squatted upon. 1Iss Ilurdett Ooutts, with charadcterilstio consideration and generosity, has solved the, compound householder difficulty in her little village of model houses at Columbla.square, Bethnal.green, hy under. taking to pay the full amount of rates for her tenants. The latter will thus be able to acquire votes without paying any more eitherin the shape of rent or rates than hitherto; on the other hand, the parish gains by being spared the expense of collect. fag the rates separately, which would other wise have been the result of abolishing the compounding system. Under thocircum. stances Miss lurdett Coutts has practised a wise benevolence; but we cannot hope that this solution of a very serious difficulty, which has caused great Irritation and very nearly rioting in some parts of the country, will be generally adopted. In passing the Reform lill parliament went out of its way wantonly to commit the blunder and Injus tice of abolishing compounding, and it is too much to expect the landlords all over the country to put their hands into their pockets and tax themselves in order to avert the bad consoquences of such legislation. Mfeny of them cannot afford to follow Miss Ooutts's example even if they were willing, and there is dearly no moral obligation on them to do so. If parliament has made a mistake It is for parliament to rectify It. A correspondent writes to the Pall MIall Gazette as follows :-" I see that the 11ev. Newman Hall has been speaking before the National Temperance League on that vexed subject, the comparative drunkenness of the Efngllsh at~d Americans. An American bishop whom he mentions gives the palm of inebriety to the :United States; while Mlr. Iall, whose duties have led him among the lowest classes in London, is of the opposit6 opinion. Permit me to say a few words on this subject, to which my attention was called while In the United:States a short time ago by the pro- and-anti.Malne law agitators. After careful inquiries in almost all the states of the Union, I arrived at the conclusioa that there is'more drunkenness in Groat Britain than in America; but it must be remembered that most of this drunken ness in our country proceeds from a class which happily does not exist in the United States--a class existing on chance halfpence, and to whom drink Ts really the cheapest food, or rather substitute f'or food. The drunkenness of these poor creatures is hunger, want, and despair In disguise. There is little to choose between the work Ing men in the two countries. There are more temperance men among the Americans, but also more drunkards; so the scales are evenly balanced, as far as I have boon able to ascertain. But when we ascend to the upper classes In America, we find them woe fully behind us in the matter of potations. The .jwfe milieu of the English dinner-paity has, it is true, only been attained within the memory of living men, but that it has been attained no one can deny. But in America it is to be met with only here and there; and society is divided into two factions, who revile and despise each other--those who drink too much and those who do not drink at all. Excess in the United States never takes the old English form of after-dinner' boozing. The unhappy English traveller first becomes acquainted with it somewhat in this manner. lie walks with his friend A. down Broadway. There A. meets B.; who has not soon A. for several weeks, and who proposes a drink to commemorate their happy meeting. They go to a bar, and meetthero three others whom B. also treats. They sally out togetherand walk a little way. Then A. makes the offer of a drink. B. cannot refuse since A. has already boon treated at his erpence; and so by the time that each member of the party has wiped out his trifling obligation, the English traveller finds that he has drunk more than is good for him, and suffers the next morning from one of those diabolical headaches whichi Bourbon whisky ilone can produce. Then his friend A. invites him to dinner; he goes there, and finds nothing but water on the table, Mrs. A. being a dieclple'of:Senator Wilson and believing in the connootion be-' twoon sinfulness and sherry; for which a 'porpedicular drink' (on the sly) after dinhnr proves a very bad substitute." ' .. YAL VADLr~ lixcxrns.-To' remove freckles, cut them out with a razor and throw them away; they will never return;.' TO bringout a moustache, tie it to a strong cord twenty foot long, to the other end of which attach a' heavy smoothing.lron, and throw the latter from a fourth story Window. To get ridlof red hair,' hold your head for a few minutes In a strong blaze of gas.' To preserve your, ey'esput them In a bottle filled with alcohol.' To avoid corpulence, quit eating?. 'To con coal bad teeth, keep your'mouth shut. To become a competent bookkeeper, borr6? all the' bhoks you' can and'never return them. To "raise the stamps, eay a funny thingon. 'the stago. T2o keep out of a fight,'stay by yourseilr To gin\ time,'steal a watch. To keep from etutterin~i 'don't talk.--Amorican 6 : Of ingenious advertising there is no end; and' now that trades are becoming mixed, that grocers sell wine and publicans tea, the ingenuity of advertisers IS assuming new and surprising, forms. To the?French belongs the honour of having invented the paragraph system, by which' an' exciting narrative of some Iretended accident Is made to show the necossity of keeping a supply of such and such a preparation constantly on hand. The English introduced the almanae method;, In which 'the gratuitously distributed calendar teaches, month by month, that every change of .weather renders the swallowing of so many patent pills desirable. NowaSpanish wino-merchant, established 'in Fenchureh street, has pressed pure literature into his service, and without:saying one" word in favour of, or in any way conoerning his winos,' presents his customers, actual' and possible-In short, the public generally with a wol-.printed, admirably illustrated English version of a charming tale by the '" ' lady who, under the pseudonym of Fernan Caballero, has become the most distinguished novelist in Spain. The book reached usby post, in the character of a wine-merchant's circular, not as a work for review. Dut the tale It tells it so original and amsinug that those of our readers who are not already acquainted with the novel of La Gaviots, in which it is introduced, will probablybe glad to be made acquainted with the subject. It iI simply then the history of a conceited, deformed, on*sded little fowl, who, neglect lug the advice of its mother to be civil to every one, never to pass by a church where there Is a statue of St. Peter (who is not at all fond of cocks and still less of their crow), and, above all, to avoid certain men that exist in the world, called cooks,. Insults water, fire, the wind, crows at St. Peter, and rushes, full of vanity, into the midst of a kitchen where cooks abound. Then comes the punishment. Medio-Pollito, or half. fowl, has ils neck wrung, is dipped into scalding water, that he may be plucked more easily of Isis feathers, is roasted before a blazing fire until burnt and blackened he Is fit for nothing but to be thrown on to a dungheap, and is then blown about by the vengeful wind until reaching the summit of the steeple of St. Peter's church, he is fixed there for ever by the hand of the indignant saint, and becomes the eternal weathercock. The little story is, as we before remarked, well illustrated, and the wrapper is nut disfigured by unseemly puffs of Spanish wine. - A story is current in society to the effect that just before Mr. Dickens started in last November for the United States; an American friend advised him to purchase, and always to wear at hisreadings, some very startling piece of jewellery, say a gold cable for a watchguard, or some enormous diamond studs. "Fo," said he, "the New York reporters are sure to describe your personal appearance, and its as well to give them omenhintg to lay hold of." The system of giving detailed personal descrip tions not merely of those known as "publie characters," but of private persons as they appear in private society, is commonly pur sued by the American press; but the most flagrant offender in this respect, the Home Journal, has at length roused the ire of the Round Table. In the last number of that journal we find the following ptotest:- "The journal in question has set up, we believe, the ridicurous'defence that similar practices are tolerated in reputable news. papers abroad, that It Is the court journal of America, and so on. The position is unten able for a number of obvious reasons, among which the fact that the method of treatment is radically 'different. It is true that some of the London papers describe the dresses worn by ladies of rank upon state and other important occasions; but they never by any chancb allow them'selves, or for a day would be allowed, the Impudent familiarity of publishlng commendatory or flattering notices of the persons of the ladies themselves. We never read in their columns that the sweetly. fascinating Miss Jones wore a blue moire with point lace and p.earls, or that the voluptuous.looking Miss Jenkins (whose respected parent did such'a heavy thing in:pork last year) was 'quite ravishing in purple velvet and diamonde. Stuff like this has for some time disgraced more than one of our papers; and' it is high time it were reformed, put down either by ridicule or something loss gentle." It would seem, moreover, that the leading character istics of the cheap press of Paris, such as La Petit Journal pour, lire, LTa Gulps, L'Image, Paris Caprice, &o.;, are being imi tated in the American journals,' which have hitherto been as free from them as our own. And yet our own journals are by no means improving in· this respect. , There are, indeed, many signs that they are deteriorat ing, . . '.. " ' ? 0\. F. TnAz?.--Mr. Train opiese Sa npage of. the New York p spaer--the, orld.,of Februnry 14. The 1eournalin question be gins withl Mr. Train s telegrams and letter after his liberation from captivity.--"Oable Deepatchl. - Immense ovation-- €cad' eialf fail?A - Carried mile shoulders people - shall stump Ireland--Dcrby quakes--Dare not stop me.' Train," Dear ?Vorld,-Just paid £7 sterling for the above dispatch to my six millions of Irish friends, who will see it in the Vorld." And then' the World proceeds to arrange its information under the following headings:-"', Geo. Franeis Train Stumping : Ireland - American "P'luck' IBoarding the Lion In' .HisDen--Ten Thou sandi People Carry Him on Their' Shoul 'doers ound Father. Mathow's:Monument. T hrough all the Streets leading to 'the Imperial Hotel'- An Ovation Not" Seen Since O'Caonnoll's Day-Cathollo Clergy all There-George Francis Train Setting 'Ire land on Fire--He Dodges the Government Ridicules the Police, Snubs the Magistrates and. Talks All Round iTreason .Vithout Hitting It-Another Great Ovation'.l'"Im porial Hotel, Woednesday, January 209' Ire land Blazing with. Excitement-- Another Terrible Broadsido -- England 'iAghast - Twenty Thousand People Escort Mr.'Train Through thb Streets--Again Carried'on the Shoulders of theaPeople-TrnluRefsuses to Speak Again at Present --Gone'to a 'Vater Cure--.Vill Address 60,000 People In' Ope Air at the Park next Week, if the Authori. ties.Don't Stop It--More Letters-Ireland Nominates Train for Prosidcnt..'-Argus. die A coaa.xc mior.s;-LA u?' Inqtilry recently' tookiplace Into, tha management of the Illinois State Insane'asylum. The revelations of the awful crueltier which were practised In this asylum were caused' by the conduct of. a tountry banker inm one of the small cities In Illinois. :, He fell in love with his servast-maid.?iAnd one day,' eight years ago, he invited!his wife, who was then, and always has been, perfectly sane, to accom. pany him on n journey to Jacksonville, and having arrived there, took her with him to visit! the, insane:nsylum.. While she was 'conversing with somo of the patients there he slipped nway, and his unhappy wife was presently informed that she was a' prisoner an the madhouse..' For eight long years this lady was kept in this confinement-shut out from her family and the world,' and allowed to .seo: no visitor.,,? Her husband all this time paid £1000 per annum to the super. Intondaent of the asylum, which sum appears to have been suficIent to induce him to beoome' a party to 'this detestable outrage. Finally, another patient of the asylum, who had: really ' been ;insane, but who had regained h?r reason, was liberated from Its walls, .and.r found, means to communicate with the friends of the banker's wife, and Informed them that their relative, whom for eight years' they had mourned as a raving maniae, was, and always had been, in the 1 perfect possession of her senses. Her release was speedily offected. This led to an inves tigatlon, and it transpired that both the , female and male attendants of the patients I were not'only allowed, but encouraged, to practice cruelty and outrage upon these unhappy creatures. The female patients were lifted from the ground by the hair of their heads, dragged about the rooms by the same means, choked until their tongues protruded, placed in baths of cold water and their heads plonged beneath the water until they were almost dead, strapped into pod. tions in which it was impossible for them to sleep, and so kept for twenty.four hours; tied with ropes so tightly that the cords cut through the skin and Into the flesh; their heads pounded on the floor; their arms twisted until the wrist or elbow was dis located; beaten with straps and whips, sometimes until tho'patient actually died while undergoing, the torture, and often were unable to rise from their pallets for a fortnight afterwards;* dragged from their sick beds when at the point of death and plunged into Ice-cold baths-in one Instance a woman patient dropped 'dead as the attendante raised her to throw her into the bath. The treatment of the malepatlents was equally atrocious. A young English man was once brought to the? asylum, and as he was somewhat unruly he was subdued by being placed on his back and water being poured down his throat from a bucket until he was suffocated. An Irishmanwas so fearfully beaten by his attendants that he expired under theirhands. Another young man was kept for three months in a wooden crib, two feet high, five and a.half long, and two and, a-half feet wide,' and in which he could only lie upon his back. Another was kept In the screen-room during the whole of the winter perfectly naked, and with no means of warming himself. Thebath.room was fifty feet from the screen-room, and the attendants would take this patient 'by the heels and'drag him over the floor to the bath. Towards the close of the winter he died. And In more than one instance the lives of the female patients were only saved by the male.keepers rescuing them from the hands of the keepers of their own sex; while the women, In their turn, performed similar good offices for the patients of the other sex. If the multitude in London are not speedily converted to High Church theology it will not be for lack of variety in the enticements held outto them. Dr. Irons, thoIncumbent of Trinity Church, Drompton as hit upon a new idea or rather a noew form of an old idea. Ho announces four" evening musical'church services" on the Tuesdays in February. " Mr. Arthur Sillivan," so says the pros poctus," has kindy undertaken to direct the music, and Mr. H. Lahee will preside at the organ." There is to be no regular orchestra ; but drums, trombones, and trumpets are to be introduced. There is to be no charge for admission, thoughwo persume that thehold ors of pews will be entitled to retain them; unless, as Is the case In some places, the sub scriptions for seats hold good only for' Sun days and week.day services of the' ordinary kind. On the whole these musical evenings will doubtless be very popular hi Drompton, and considering that Tinity Church is placed in immediate proximity to that very popular source of musical attraction, the Roman Cath olin Oratory, the long-standing rivalr], be tween the twowill be by no means diminished. It is reported that the High Church religion of the Anglican Dr.. Irons is apt to send inquiring souls to listen to the blandishments of the Oratorians, who loudly proclaim that the~" alone carry out High Churchism to its logical development. Whether'the' drums, trumpets, and trombones will succeed in tempting the followers of the Oratorians to assist at an Anglican "musical church ser vice" remains yet to be seen., Gothio archi tecture. was confessedly' one of the' chief instruments for converting the late MTr. Pugii to the religion of the mlddle 'ages; and we have heard of a' gentleman, or'lady, who was similarly converted by the1oma nue e of incense. Possibly the drums,' trumpets; and trombones will exercise a like Influence in the direction of Protestantism; "....... The Lancet'calls for! an improiovement In the ventilation of'churches. : "We had," It says, ", our attention forciblydirected to this a few Sundays ago, whlist occupying a seat in the gallery of a church Inthe neighbour. hood of Lonudon.' The congregation was a very large one, the preacher being a popular and able man; but not a single window was open, even' to the extent of an inch. On entoerng, a faint,'dlsagreeblo'smell was at once obvious, and before the. serqico was completed this had increased until the church had become quite stuffy from the vitiated air confined within the 'building. The neigh. bourhood of the'organ was occupied by Sunday-school children, closely packed to gether. 1 Under ,:the :most ' advantageous circumstances, owinf'to their position, the very faulty construction of the edifice,' and the confined space'of the organ.loft,' these chili dren would not have reaped the full benefit of an effort' at ventilation by open windows; but'without this or any provision by shafts or other expedients for the outlet of foul air,' they were almply'b'reathing again andagain the same atmosphere.'" No wonder children go to'. sleep;under' the 'influence of 'the fatigulngservices'of:the 'day, sitting In ,a constrainod positon, and inhaling a heated atmosphere, undulypcharged with the sopo. rife vapours of carbonico'acid; and no wonder, moreover, if they become subjects of bron. chitis and colds; and frequent' attacks bf coughing gave some evidence of their liabiity to pulmonary affections." ,': . ' r In pursuance of the 'schem 'of the Na'tifnol 'Reform Ucion'" to educate our maaters," Mr. :W E. Fortter, M.P.;"dellrered 'a lecture in St 'Jsmes's Hall last night on," Education.," Mr.' Goldwin Smith' was in tho'chair. MIr; Foster divided his subject lito four heads-' first, what we'ought to have in the ,way of education; secondly, what we already possess s; thirdly; what we msyeon'deavour at once to get; and fourthly, what there is a reasonable chance of soon obtsaineg. The hen. member ndvocatcd a' school rate,' assisted by, grants from the: Consolidated Fund, for the. main. tenance'of sohools and tenohers, At the same time'. ho. hoped that voluntary suhscriptions would not' entirely" cease.,. The religlous difficulty he would meet by glviog freedom to the masters and managers to give such religious teaching as they thought fit, with free. doam to the parent to withdraw his child from any teaching which he disapproved.. IIided sied the right of any religous body to demand to' control the education of the people, and o0 the other hand he would denyl the right of the secularists, or any other sect, to demand that 31 /' '::,? ?":' '/'"??? i''' ?? V ! there ehonld' bs no religious teaching. Ino believed the enormous masjority of parents desired their children to be taught something about the motives to do right and abstain from wrong, and in justice to these he would reject the demand to excluds religious teaching. There might, indeed, be religious teaching which was not denominational, hut as human nature was crostltuted, it was not likely to be often found, for a good schoolmaster, if he cared about religion, would not be fettered from advocating his own belief, lie would not, therefore, interfere with denominational teach ing, but he would give no preference to one creed over another, and he thought earnest churchmen were becoming aware that the future of their church would be marred, and not helped, by any attempt at ascendeancy lie would also give aid to purely secular schools, for, he thought it wrong to require some semblanceof tIbeologioal teaching. ile believed the religious diffculty existed more in theory than in practice, and that it would be overcome by the plen he bad explained. In regard to compulsory edu:ation (which seemed tobs in favour at least with the more demon. strativerortion of the meeting), he admitted the right of ezercisino o"mpulsion, but he thought it would he difficult to put it in operation. It was true that in Prussia there was a compulsory law, but there and in Swit zerland social compulsion sufficed, It being deemed a disgrace for a man not? to educate his children. Unhappily, the same feeling did not exist here; and it would be much more difficult to set the policeman to work in this country than in Prussia, where the govern. ment looked 'after the daily manegement of a man's household, and in New England the compulsory law was not enforced. The parent would refuse either because he'could non do without the child's labour, or'because he wished it to beg or do worse. The former case he would meet by applying tbe pnnciple of the Factory Acts, so that labour up to a certain age should be accompanied by edu. cation. That principle, broadly peakling, was now applied to all boys in towns, and a very large majority of the girls, and he hoped it would be speedily eatended to the agricultural districts. As to theparenti who wished to brilg up their children in ignorance and crime, h? would increase the stringency of the Vagrant and Industrial School Acts, which he' believed, with additional and more efficient ragged schools would meet the necessities of the case. If, lowever, any large number of children were still absentfrom school, he should be willing to cry compulsion and the policeman, iI'e should not wish to try this at first, for. he feared it would prove a 'dead letter, and It was an insult to the principle of law to pass an act which it was non intended to carry out. otr. Forster, in conclusion, dit. cussed the chances of such a measure as he ad advrocated becoming law. lie was much more hopelul, he said, than he was rwelve months ago. e One' thin whichd made bim hopeful was that we had a tory goverment, two members of which, Sit J. Paobington and Lord stanley, ad shown'themeelreos,at a time when it must have cost them considerable sacrifices, in advance notonly of their own patbtof oher parties in this matter. thatore ayovher, h aes woodIemaster eht Luowsover to e ssitwihhs was in request everywhere3 and we had now ous in Downing. street, who was educating hisparty. iteri heaven knew they badly wanted education, but he musn~let ir hem. the credit of being. very docile' scholast andithey rad' alreadyk been taught somertlin The highly reaspectable duke now at the ead of the education o..ice would notehare learnt the 'adventes of the conscience clause but for his havlng deen atthe Downing··street 'sohonl.: Men who had been formerly jealous of any change which should introduce a complete system ofieducation had taken to 'thmssevs a schoolmaster who was teaching' them' many ,things,eand tlhanrwham no one was more aware of the necessities of the cuss. Shauld h. eonvertalthem to a complete system of education it 'would be more easily carried by him than bly the liberal leaders, since thereewould he no opposition: to deal with, lie was also hoerful on account of the utowerful reiaforcementl opr.eLowe and his risndg 'r Lo werista acknohedrgoe that he would r ave allowed the present systemL"to go on, althorgh not thiouein int theoretically, per. fact, but for the Reform Bill which rendered it necessary that "our msrters,'l'as hewasple.ased to call the workinge casosshould know their letters. Nos, he himself did not belieoe that that'or any other. class would be masters, hut hewras glad of any fesling which induced M~r. Lowe to assist with Iris great talents in pro. motiog a national system.:' There woas another reinforcement in the voluntary party, who, Iln the most straightforward manner had acknow. ledged that thera: was no longer, reason 'to be jealous of state education. ': a a1 ai· ··~;I .Dates from :New Yorkr to the Q8ch ultime' give a terrible account of the state of 'things which.prevails in the Southern' states. ' It'is reported that the negrioes is the interior of the counties of Virginia'· are committing depceda. tions and burning the property of the'whitee, who'are arming ~for defence.' Great destito. tiot Is said to' prevail in~the Southern states. The oorrespondeats 'of sserarl journals 'esti. mate, that' 8,000,000 persons; 'mostly freed men, era In' danger ' of starvation. ;' Seirious creva~saes 'of the 'MIisls itppi had occurred In Louisiana,' and. General' Haecook' had' asked permission to employ thestsarving negroes to repair the levees at the national expense..~~ The Nbew' s'York' H~erald states ·that' the authorites 'at Mlontreal apprehend ad a F~enlan 'rising at Ch'rlstmas, and thbe troops ~were 'held in readiness toasct In case of neoesslcj.'': .': 7 l301ccxD'ALXV AW AIOT~ nof6BI The Cleveland. Plaindoaler', tells the follow ing strange Incidents as~having, occurred in Southern O~fao:--An old gentleman, naimed Dlels' WVinans, became frantically angry with his son because ho had lost 'a large sum of, his farther's' money':on"'n' abet.. His frencied feelings soon got the' hotter of him,' and he 'felled his son to' the' flooi witha blow of his fist,' and irmamdiately 'thereafter fell down in a sonseloss condition.· Great excitement In the family ensued.. The mother ran screaming for assistance9 hich' was' soon fortheoming~fn tho~p~ersons1~of several of the neighbors,' lu~r.'.V9'lans wans found in' an 'apparently 'lifeless condition, with blood flowirng· frdm. 'his nose' am1 month.' n'A''ubsequent eoxamination by a physician led to' the' anucmnt, by hiim, that Mr. WVinans ~harl' died from, the burst. ing'of a blood vessel. So13 evidently had the vital spark fled that no effort at resuscitation 'was made,'and 'the remains were prepared for'burial as~ promptly 'as possible.' ,Th funeral of the ileneasorl took place the fol. lowing ~~Wednoaday'"'. M~.;, Winans' body had only been coiihtec the 'pifrioyu day, top to which time itloa1lainldrapedp'in a shroud In the parlour.. Notwithstanding the wonderful lia-elook of the skln, and the color of the face, it occurred to, no one to suggest a' postponement until death was absolutely certain. The funeral was largely attended and everybody remarked the lif. like appearance of the deceased. The re. mains were temporarily placed In one of the vaults of the cemetery, owilg to the fact that a brick tomb commenced for their re. ceptlion had not been commenced. At ten o'clock on Thursday night the village was thrown into great excitement by the report that a ghost had been seen in the cemeter a short time before, and that the old lady who first saw it was frightened into a fit, from which it was doubtful whether she would recover. Thinking that probably the ghost was personated by some scoundrel, who had played the trick several, times be fore, a number of persons armed'themselves with shot-guns, proceeded, to the cemetery, and commenced a cautious inspectlon-their hearts thumping in their bosoms in spite of their assumed bravado.: They had not long to wait, for there, flitting among the tombs, was a white object .plainly to be. seen. With trembling hands they raised' their guns 'and fired, when-strange fact for a ghost--they saw the white' crestnre fall be tween a couple of "graves. ,-P'c rik up courage, they cautiously, approached the object and turned a lantern upon it. Their feelings can be better imagined than. de scribed when they found that the ghost was the lately deceased Mr. Winans.'. ,While a portion of the party picked up the bleeding and eenseless body of the~old!~gentleman, and started homeward with it, the remain der hastened to :the vault. ' There they found Mr. Winans' coffin broken open, and lying upon the foor, and the comn of a de. ceased lad y,that had been placed uponit, likewise thrown down from the shelf, and standing. on end, also partly broken open, displaying its ghostly, inmate, The vault door, which' was rather a weak affair, had been forced open by ,the resurrected man. The party then went to ?ri. 'Winans' house, ad herethey f~ound 'that his wounds were not serious, and that he had recovered his senses. 'lie had been carribd' to the ceme tery in a trance. Early on Thursday even ing consciousness flashed upon his mind that he was cofmined alive; Thls' lent additional strength to his struggle'to 'get fre," and he finally succeeded in' bursting; open the coffn. CASr AwiY .I i. &. Shearwater has brought to Woolwich, England, two.seamen of II. MS . Chanticleer1 whom shepicked off a rock as she was leaving the straits of Ma gellan. They were at first thought,to be Patagonian savages, but they turned out to be Englishmen in a dreadfully 'emaciated 'state,' and almost naked: They could.not have survived two hours longer. ,The account they gave 'of themselves was most distressing.,' On the l1th of October a party from the Chanticleer were out on a shooting excursion, and the two men were in a boat? together returning to the vessel, when a heavy gale came on, and they were driven, out to sea and cast upon the rocks, and.were re ported to the Admiralty as lost, theirarrears of pay being paid to their relatives. i The men1 whose names are David Riddler, second captain of the foretop, and Samuel Henley, an able.bodied seaman, gave a. distresing account of their'sufferings. On being cast on the coast of Patagonia the galetore their clothing to tatters, leaving them'only, two blankets, an oilskin1 and a few bicuitsi for warmth 'and '1 substenco.: They" econo milsed their ,natural "heat by. htudding together, their only food'for six weeks being mussels and 'other' shellfish picked offlthe rocks. ' The ground was at this time covered with snow, and Henleylost his toes from the severity of the" frost. '..Afterx being ,there about'a' month, her sajespy's screws sloop Columbine, Commander Leigh WYard, from the Pacific, passed through" tho; Straits, and was seen by the men, ,who fwaved, their blankets, but unfortunatolyw,?ero not seen, and they remained there a fortnight longer., ' They had given up all hopes of life, and two' hours before they were rescued had sworn to. each other that whoever died first should not be eatenby the survivor.,. , ,. ?. ?,:,?. "Little lboys shouldhbe' seen, and -not heard," as the youngster said when he could not say his lesson. . ' ,', '"Capital punishment," as the little fellow; said when shut up in the cupboard with his. mother's jam.,, . H ' . "':'~? If you are 'a'leover man,, never ler you:r wife speak of you as such ! for women always , call fools clever' and clever men foolsl, the? reason being 'that' they only, admire the. intellect wh s on a par with tlheir own,--, 