CHUZZLEWIT'S EDEN. There are no books which rftuiro to be com piled with more euro, and with more imparti ality, than those which have for their -object tlie inducing of immigrants to settle in a com paratively unknown country, but there aro few which are treated with less candour, or whore statements and assertions aro made with less attention to veracity. Most of them are compiled to auswor a selfish or a local pur pose,- and the goneral good of the country is set on one side in order to further thointorest of a portion. The pamphlet published some time since by Mr. Tult.x was a glaring in stance of this one sided justice, a want of fidelity was remarkably evinced from the first page to the last, and the work was calculated to do far more harm than good, because it could not be allowed to pass without criticism, aud that very criticism -was in itself» sufficient to shake the faith of intending emigrants, who would thus naturally doubt the credibility of the author on all subjects, by liis evincing either wili'ul ignorance or wilful partiality ou some. AVo refused to accept Mr. Tunny's pamphlet as anything elao than Queensland from a Government House point of view, and wo cannot recognise " Quoonsland as a hi eld for Emigration," to be anything olso than a lame attempt to provo that Brisbane and its surrounding districts aro the only places 'worthy of the foot of air emigrant. If other parts of the colony aro mentioned, they aro damned with faint praise, or merely mentioned as places of little present consequence, with a faint chance of ultimately rising into impor tance. After giving a rapid sketch of the erection of Queensland into a separate colony, our author procoods with a most glowing de scription of the Morot'on Bay District. " It contains the capital, it is well watered, has a vast extent of land of the very best descrip tion for agricultural purposes." The chief riyer is' the Brisbane, a noble stream, into which vchsoIb of almost any touuago can enter, steamers ply daily from Brisbane to Ipswich. Thousands of . acres of unoccupied land, avail able to the agriculturist, and possessing the advantage of a frontage navigable by small craft, lie on the numerous small streams and tributaries which flow into Morelon Bay. Sugar aud cottCn plantations, bolonginff to companies and private individuals, fringe the Barrow, the Albert, the Oabuiture, the Pim- pama, the Hot Ham, and the Logau. The waters of Moreton Bay abound with edible fish. The climate of Brisbane is minutely de scribed, the prevailing winds which sweep through its noble streots ; both sides of tho river possess every natural advantage for tho formation of wharves. Tho country on tho voyage from tho bay to the capital is like tho river scenerv of Great Britain. T-Tniidanmn and substantial buildings of stone and brick' business premises are to be scon on every hand (shade of George Eobins !) Govornmont House, the Houses of Parliament, &e.;, &c.;, the Botanical Gardens tastefully laid out, all unite iu making Brisbane a paradise. Then follow full and- florid descriptions of Parlia ment House, from the magnificent rooms to the kitchen and buttery hatehes. The Town Hall, the Grammar School, the School of Arts, the Mechanics' Institute, are individually mentioned, and a tout ensemble is presented, which When seen by the mind's cyo-of the in tending emigrant, must make him long to try his fortunes in so beautiful a place ; aud bow must bis mouth water when he reads of the mullet and the bream, the oyster aud the crab, the turtle aud tho dugong, which abound in the bay. - " A fine fleet, of steamers, belonging tothe Australian Steam Navigation Company, ply regularly .between Brisbane and Sydney, aud between Brisbane and. the Northern ports, viz , Maryborough, Gladstone, Maoltay, Port Denison, and Cleveland Bay." Poor Eock- hampton is not a port then ? No stoamer pays it a visit, it is not mentioned by our re liable and truthful author; the socond port iu tho colouy, from which is shipped nearly £100,000 annually towards the support of the revenue, a town with (1000 inhabitants, sur rounded by valuable gold-fields, and with a back country second to none in, the Australias ; with a trade which bids, in a few years, to equal if not to surpass that of tho queenly Brisbane, is forgotten altogether (wilfully of course), but the hydropathic institution which is about to be established iu Brisbane, and the reservoir which cost £67,000,' and the gas, are remembered. Thon we find there are mag nificent sites for villas around tho capital, and those now erected show signs of taBto and great architectural skill — Gco-roo-sa-lum ! Ipswich is an " important commercial town, tho depot of the Darling Downs, the tcrminuB of tho Southern and Western Bail way ; the banks of tho Bremer betweon it and Brisbane are composed of fine agricultural soil, and they aro rich in coal of a very suporior qua lity. Tho Darling Downs, a large tract of rich country and well watered, is famed as the richest pastoral district in tho colony, com- I prising a vast area of fertile agricultural soil, thousands of acres of which are now thrown open for selection. Toowoomba, is magnifi cent, the centre of a largo agricultural district, with wonderful facilities for sending produce to the market by railways ; Warwick aud Dalby aro perfect paradises, aud tho Burnett District, with Maryborough, Gympie, its gold-fiolds, its sugar, cotton, arrow-root, and tobacco, are all painted in glowing colors betraying tho gouius and the touch of a maptor. But di rectly our artist approaches Port Curtis, bis coloring bocomes cold, and fades away alto gether by the time he roaches Somerset. Port Curtis is described in nine lines, Eockhampton in twenty, and tho whole .Northern Districts, comprising four-fifths of the colony, which fur nish half the rovenue, and which must in ii few years become of infinitely more consequence than the holo and corner capital and its sur rounding districts, are dismissod in a little moro than two pages, while seven are dedi cated to the South. Eockhampton "is the port' of shipment for a large extent of back country, qnd several gold-fields are being workod in itB vicinity" — then a tow lines are begrudgmgly spared to tell the calamities ot the Canoona rush, and to inform the world that there are 33 miles of uncompleted rail way to Westwood — and that is all. Under the bond of " agriculture," the most glowing accounts aro giveu of the Districts of Mgroton and' Darling Downs, and some four or five pages aro filled with nothiug. but praises of what southern land and southern climate have done aud enn do — but wo cannot follow our author any further — wo have road tho pamphlet through, and wc denounce it as an unfair and ono- sided picturo ; it is evidently written to induce immigration to the South, aud to im press the tniuds of all who may bo inclinod to. come to Queensland with ojo idea that the North ii not yet a fit plaeo for settlement. There is much useful information in tlio pamplilot, but the - statistics if read by auy unprejudiced person, will atonce provo to bun bow one portion of Ihe cokmy has been writ- ton up at tho expense of another ; figures con tradict statements, although thsy cannot de stroy those unfavorable impressions which every reader must have of the North when ho rises from the perusal of the pamphlet. How unwiso this display of Southeruisni is we need hardly point out, it must tend to widen a breach already existing, and make the peoplo of tho North look with ii still more distrustful eye upon tho inotivcB which govern those ro- siding in aud around tho capital. Wo can seo but one way of bringing a real pieturo of Northern Queensland before tlio world, that of publishing a pamphlet dedicated entirely to a description of its capabilities, and its vast resources. It would not be difficult' to provo that with its immense explored and unexplored pastoral aud agricultural districts, its inox- haiClstibl o mineral weal lh,its numerous fine ports including, with the exception of Port Jackson, by far the two finest harbors on tlio conti nent, its rivers, and its qualifications for the growing of tropical productions, how itnmca- suroably superior it is as a field of eutcrpriso for the adventurous emigrant, than tho small portion of the colony so elaborately- described in the pamphlet before ns. AV e cannot oflbr a much bettor instance of the unliiir manner iu which our author deals with the subject than by quoting tho following passage : — " Tho fall ing off in trade consequent upon the monotary crisis, and tho disappointment and loss en tailed on the pastoral and agricultural settlers through the drought of 1866, naturally had a very depressing influence. It became neces sary in order to meet the demands ou the public revenue, to impose additional taxation ; and tlio imposition of an ad valorem duty of 7-J- per cent, on all manufactured goods comiug into the colony was. accordingly agreed to by the Legislature." Is this true? Is this fair to the emigrant ? Tlie ad valorem duty was not imposed.for any other end llian to pay tho interest ou tho loan raised for tho insano pur- poso of laying down enormously expensive and useless railways. Had our Govornmont been conducted with a duo sense to economy, and had not Mr. Maoalistkr introduced what lie calls the "Iron llorso" into the country, the revenue would have covered expenditure, and there would liavo been no necessity what ever for the curse of tho peoplo, ad valorem. It was tho wanton extravagance, tho wild ambition of a Minister, and the utterly aboni- inablo spirit of centralisation, that necessitated a fatal tax being placed upon tlio iudustry of tlie community, and it is but right that those who are iuvited to como hither should know that Queensland is hampered with a loan close upon four millions, and that its poople are m ncn li nntn I vr fnTarl fimii amr i uivnu iiuuiiij laiAuu uuiui ruj uvitvio iu once. AVe have no gloomy forobodingMis to tho fut'uro of the colouy, its natural resources are so enormous, aud it is so admirably situ ated to carry on trade with the Southern colonies and with Iudia, that the present dif ficulties are not only surmountable, but if wo are not mistaken, are wholesome lessons to us. AVo are now going through one of those ordeals inevitable in all young states, but we place trust iu tho indomitable Saxon element more than to our Govornmont, or even to the natural wealth of tho country, to conduct us triumphantly, onward, until we take our plaoos side by side with thoso who have reared up empires rivalling in wealth and splendor the grand old Mother Country. The Ttmr. — Wo uro glad to soo that nn . attempt is about to bo mado to got up Christmas races, and hopo that the racing portion of (Air community will muster strong nt tho meeting cullod for Monday evening, at the Leiclihurdb Hotel. Hitherto all matters conneotcd with the Courso haro been takou in hand by three or four of our townsmen, while tho publio in genoraL- though perfect.lv willing-to partioiputo in tlio amuse ment, aro anything but forwnrd in contributing to it. Wo know of few pleasures that aro to bo hud gratis, all o:\joyments haro a price ticketed to tliom, and we know of. qpno more dosorving'of support than tho foregoing. A Christmas without races is like a Ohrist- mas without a plum- pudding. Christmas festivities have br custom become institutions with tho pooplo, who always look forward to recreation uud enjoyment of somo sort or otlior at that tiuio, and in a pluco sucli as this where so little publio amusomonts of any kind uro'to bo had— save those which offer no attraotion and in most cases are but tho ghosts of ploasnro — wo would suggest that tlio whole of our strength Bhould be dovotod to support that pastime which affords tho greatost amusomont to tho groatcst number of peoplo. Of all national sports that of rnning takes tlio foromost rank with Englishmen, aud wo don't think that wo havo doganoratcd in our lovo of" blood, bono and hoanty," which ovon in this Ultima Thulo aro to bo 'found without going very far. Wo trust that our sporting men will como forward and tako-bho matter in hand and push it on vigorously. As wo bnvo already said,- amusement, -liko- ovory thing- else, must bo paid for, and if tho toivnspooplo only respond genorally with u small donation, wo havo no doubt somo fair prizes will bo tho result. Lot no man's mile bo refused, for. it should bo remomborod that " ovory luickle makes a mueklo." . Erratum, — In Monday's lendor upon " Our National Dobt," for " Tho Government found they could novor keop on an average moro Hum £1100,000 out at a tiuio," i road moro than £.10, Quo. Patronage. — In tho last issuo of Our Paper appoars a vary just, ablo, aud tomporato royiow of Mr Somoraot's appointment' as Registrar of tho Distriot Court, and wo, as ovory dispassionate person must do, hoartily oonoodo with the opinions oxprosBod by " Tho Loungor i"— " Mr Somerset is n gontloraan— granted. But ovory officer holding such a position should bo essentially a gonllentan, whioh oharaotor is a general qualification. What is ronlly gormano to tho maltor is, daos Mr Somersot possess thoso ossentinls of know ledge, and having which, should givo him tho oonfl; donee of tho publio and tho logal profession. If ho doos not, the publio suffer. I humbly think that ho doos uot; and I further think that tho public purse is not provided to find approntieo foos to young gontlo. mon, howovor goutloraanly, to ouablo thorn to loam how to perform dutins, which, bofero holding oUloo, -thoy ought to bo qualifiod to hold." How about com petitive examination P and how many Government officers owo tlioir appointments to their fitness for liar noes? Tho Civil Service is rotten to tho core. What right, for instance, has Mr Manning, tho Under Sec- rotary, to hold throe offices ? Indeed, it may be asked, "What right have any of his name to hold one?" Mr Manning, liko many other old colonists, has been a pensioner on Government since his birth, and- conse- quently has a vested right to be provided for, capable or incapable ; but Mr Somerset has an equally strong claim upon tho revenue, ho had a lotter of recommon- dation to " Dear Sir George," and being a connexion of' tho lato Acting-Governor, had of course to bo pro vided for. Tho Colonies, like tho Church, are for younger or youngest sons of what's called tho privi leged classes, and all colonial Governors are thoroughly aware of what is expected from them. It is useless to ask what claims Mr Somerset .has upon tho colony, or to inquire into tho nature or value of tho services he has rendered to entitle him to an appointment for which he is represented to be unfitted ;as there are plenty of similar instances where appointments have been made, the fitness of those appointed being a very secondary con sideration, Mr Souinrsot hns plonty to keep him in eountonunco. Eockhampton prosonts somo . notablo examples of " how littlo wisdom it tukoB to govornus," and of how a good billet, liko kissing, goes by. favor. Pottery. — Tho establishment of a pottery, though perhaps somowhat promaturc, speaks perhaps more for tho enterprise than the wisdom of Mr Moth, who has for months past been activoly omplbyod iu fnshiouing, and with groat sucoess, all thoso articles of pottery which ho considers moot likoly to create a domand. Ho oilers to soli drain pipes, in fact all his manufac tured articles, under the prico at which they can be imported, and pledges himself to produce a good manufacture at a lower prico than any yet importod of n similar quality, and in contrasting liis pricos with those of Sydnoy and .Brisbano, wo find ho is five-nnd- twenty per cent, under their ohargos. Wo confess wo do not soo any very promising markot for pottery ontorpriso amongst us, 'and hardly 'think that at pro- sent thero is any publio or Corporai'ion works whioh would enable tho Board to patroniso tho potter; however, wo trust that tho manufacturer will, as far us possible, rccoivo tlio support of tho public, and that tlio Corporation will, whonovor an opportunity offers, pulroniso and encourage his enterprise to tho utmost ot their power. Any man who introduces a new. local industry deserves woll. of the community in which he resides, and it is bad policy not to extend a helping hand to .mon like Moth, who aro always valu able citizens and tho benefactors of their follows. The pottery, whioh wo have visited, nearly adjoins Lious- loigh, tho rosidenco of A. P. Gossoth, Esq. Direct to London.— The ship Plunot, ot CD7 tons burthen, which arrived in Brisbnno on Monday last, is laid on for London direct; sito will bo at Hook- hainpton in a few weeks and will loavo again iu timo to arrive in London for tlio May sales. Tlio wool will bo recoivod by Mossis Hcadrick and Co., and dumped here.' 'This is an opportunity which wo hopo will bo seized by our squatters aud agents, as too much en couragement cannot be given to shippers to opon a direct trade botwoou London uud tlio Queensland ports. Quick Work. — Mr Jurdino, tho G old Commissioner, finding it absolutely necessary, from the amount of business ho had to transact, tlmt quarters should be provided for him at C'awarral, telegraphed on Friday afternoon last to tho Government staling his wants, an answer was immediately roturnod readily f filing in uuruiucB suggestions, ana giving itie neces sary authority for the work required to bo carried out. Ou Monday tho contract was let, and tho timber, &c.;, is now ou the road. On Tuesday alternoou Mr Jur- dyjp started off to givo tlio necessary instructions, uud to superintend, and ho will, ivhou on tlio diggings, lay oil" sororul newly-discovered claims so as to oquuliso privileges. Wo may here mention that a reef, dis covered within a milo of tho coast by a man named O' Brion, is described as being exceed iugly rich. Tim Flection, — Mr Walter Cook has, as Chairman of Mr MoDeviu's Committee, paid ull claims duo upon him for espouses entailed during tlio Into olcetion, tlio balance in hand (£1 Is) ho directly, in coinpliunco with the statement mado by advertisement, puid over to the funds of tho Hospital. IiONNn; Doon. — It is oxpcctod that Walter Cook's small ougitie and bntlory will uommouco operations ou tho stono (rem these reefs within a fortnight, tho l machino being now on the way, and tho diggers them selves — much to tlioir credit and tlioir oivn interest — haro douo ull tho necessary labor required for tho erection, consequently they will soon test tho valuo of tho reefs, whioh we nro informod continue to look pro mising, mid although thoy may not bo bo rich us some of the roots in tho district, still from tlio large body of 9tono to bo hud, and thn gold lining very lion and well distributed through tho stone, wo have 110 hositation in Buying that these roofs, iu our opinion, will bear comparison with any in tho neighborhood. A pro tection was tnken out last week for a reef claim at tho head of Bonnio Doon Crock, about five miles dis tant from the Britannia. — Communicated. fS'Sms Euv. Mb. Smith. — Tlio Rev, Mr. Smith loaves Roekhampton on Tuosday morning, to the rogrct of all thoso who had tho pleasure of his acquaintance, or who were awaro of the uble and conscientious manner in wbieli ho porformod liis dutios. Taking a louding part in nil our public charities, mid ever willing to assist in any bouovolent movemont, ho will bo missed by thoso with whom and for whom ho workod. Few of us will forget his ceaseless and enrnest endea vors to awnken iu tlio mind of Griffin a sense of his awful position, mid the untiring dovotion with which he attended upon that unfortunate man in prison and at tlio foot ol' tlio scnfi'old. We are plousod to fiud that thoso who best know him, and llioroforo enn best appreciate his good qualities' aro detormiuod that ho should not loavo without carrying-with him souio proof of their respect and good feeling, therefore on Tuesday morning next lie will bo prcsonted with a purso of sovereigns, which wo hopo will bo of a goodly size, and |Well filled. Tho feeling which dictated the pro- iontation will, wo nro confident, bo moro highly prized by Mr, Smith than flio gift itself, mid long after tho money has been spent ho will, we thoroughly boliovo, dwell with satisfaction upon the causes which dictated this lust proof of friendship extended townrds him by those amongst whom lie had so long lived. Wo oor- diully wish Mr. Smith evory suocess, and a widor sphoro of usefulness, for wo fool 'assured he will not the part, be ho where' ho may, of n Christian gentleman. » vv Maui' JX'-eiiuAuims. — vvo navtnroquently im pressed upon the Corporation tho absolute necessity there is for having lights plncod oil tho sovornt wlinrf approaches, not - only for the snko of thoso who are compelled to visit tho vurious steamers, which invari ably arrive at midnight or a fow hours bofore, but also for that of every captaiu who brings a ship into tho river. At present the only light to bo soon ns tho vosuol rounds llio elbow is that burning in the front of tliu Commercial Hotel, and although- we have no. right ovon to give mi opiuion upon tho manuor in which tho A.S.N. Company manage their affairs, still wo cannot avoid considering it falso economy not to place a light upon tlio wharf bo that the commanders of tho. various Btoamors might havo somo hotter objoot at which to stoer than the fcoblo glimmer of n korosono lamp hang ing over tho door of a tradesman in the town. It has often boon a mattor of surariso to us that no uceidontB occur ns peoplo aro pushing thoir ways on to tho stoamors of a niglit, or wlion thoy aro walking rapidly, down tlio rough iuolines to tlio whurvos. Ouo or two lamps judiciously placed would bo all nt pro- Bent required, and with all our poverty, wo think our Corporation might indulgo tho publio by orecting thorn, although aldormauio corns do soldom come crash against a pebble as big as an ordinary onnnon ball, on tlio approaches after 8 o'clock at night. The Letter T. — Our renders may romombor that Bomo timo sinco our Police Magistrate fined a person for travelling through this distriot with a largo nuin- bor of slioop without tho necessary brand T on thorn : wo now learn that Abraham Otton Iris had to pny at Guvndiih a penalty of quo penny por hoad ou 10,0-19 sheep, for a like ncglout of tho law. Springsuhe.— Tho information wo roooivod somo time Biaoo thut thoro wore 70 loaded drays camped at Springsuro, and unable to travel on aeoount of tho want of water, and grass, appears from a lottor wo reoeivod on Sunday to bo incorrect, our correspondent informing us that there nro five teams within twolvo miles of tho town, but not ono in or noar it. Tho Bouruity of foal and wutor is doscribod to ub as boing vory groat, and that tho state of the country could not bo worso, but in justico to Springsuro wo fool bound to corruet tho orror into whioh we lind fallon, from a Blatoiuont mado to us by a porson whoso voraoily wo had no right to doubt, mid who is gonorally woll up in all information relative to district affairs. After tho ubovo was in typo wo wore informod by Mr. Bartho lomew, who hns just arrived horo from travelling down tlio road, ' that thoro woro ut least forty teams now oampod at Oharley-vuo, about fifty milos this side of Springsuro, totally unable to liiovo on account of tho stato of tlio roads, and from tho utter lnok of food and wator. From this wo apprehend that our original in formant wus quito correct wllon ho said -70 teams, although ho might havo orrod as . to tho oxaot spot whore thoy woro bailed up ; if not at Springsuro, it is probable thoy woro within its vicinity. Shearing. — A man called at our offico yesterday and informed us that ho had with othors-bcou engaged shouting up tho country, but that all. hands woro knocked oil ns thoro was no wator, and that if Avon rain woro to fall now tho Bhoop aro bo wouk and poor thoy could not stand tlio washing. Ho furthor stated that the battlo and sheep woro dying by. thousands, and thut tho horses woro dropping in largo numbers in ovory direction. The North Side. — Evon during this torriblo drought tho country on tho North Sido of tho rivor looks still groon and bright ; thoro is any quantity1 of grass and wator, and tho caUlo are thriving amazingly. Ono goutloman informed us that tlio grass on a portion of tho country through which lie had boon riding was up to lus horse's girths, uud looking us frosh as if con tinuous rain hud fallon. Doos not this partially provo that tho immouso tracts of land lying beyond tho Bor- sukors would bo omiuoiitly 'suitable for agriculture, more ospcciully for tho growiiig of sugar and cotton. 1 ho drought is touching us u- valuublo losson, and wo know now for a certainty tlio portion of tho country whioh eon bo alono safely settled on by thoso who in- tond to invest thoir inouoy in farming and in tho cul tivation of tropical productions. Cotton. — Tlio ootton trade of tho Unitod Stntos np- pours onco moro to bo reviving, aud us a consequence, otlior countries aro losing tho ground thoy gained wliilo tho. war was raging. Wo loam by Morgan's circular that tho supplies from 'l'urkoyj Egypt, and British India, show u largo decrease dunng.tho first livo months of this year, while thoso from Amorica are 8,377,880 owt. as compared with 2,090,011 civt. iu tho corres ponding period of 1807. Tho value of tho raw cotton imported into Groat Britain in the first four months of this yonr ivus computed at £17,941,952, as compared with £17 572,628 in the corresponding period of 1807 und £29,244,760 iu 180G. " There thus appears a pro-, bubility, indeed almost a certainty, of a considerable doolino this .year in tlio payments mado for the raw cotton imported." Impersonating.— AVo learn from tho Queensland Times that thrco of thoso mou who havo boon elevated by universal suffrage and vote by ballot, have so fallon from their high estates us to attempt to cheat that in stitution of whoso integrity and perfection thoy nro, of courso, such ardont admirers. At tho Ipswich election tlioy attempted to porsonato three oloetors, but thoy were bowlod out by the Bcrutinoors. Ono of these would-be-chouts, Honry Ohnlliuor, had only just ar rived -from Eockhuuipton, somo ono had mado him drunk, and sent him into tho polling room to piny tho rolo of one Thomas Murphy. Ho stated that ho 'wont to the Courl-houso, ho rant two porsofis, ono of whom had a book, who told him to go insido and hand itovor to somo person, ho did so, and was givon into custody. 1 To was ncvor ut an election before, and wus ignorant of what tho paper was about ! ho was quito ignorant of tho law relntiug to olections. Of courso ho wns ig norant of tliom, of what oloetions meant, or why mem bers woro oloetod, or what thoy did whon thoy woro sent into tho House ns representatives. Ho was ono of tlio majority gloriously ignorant of tlio mighty be nefit conforred upon him -by manhood sufi'rago, and therefore was porloctly capable of fixing upon tho bost man to represent him. Another man, " Gordon,!' asked whon lie was arrested whether " there was any harm in what ho had dono" ? Why aidn't tlioy toil him " No," and lot tho poor fellow go ? Ho was only n attpo on a smalt scnlo, una was very probably ns ignorant about there being harm in what ho had dono as most of tlio lliirteou Southern mombors where when they voted ngainst the Government. Drunkards. — Ono man was brought up on Monday upon two chargos of drunkennods. Ilo managed to fiud bail on Monday, and was lot loose; but ho fancied a linir of tho dog that had bitten liim would do liim good, but ho wus a glutton, and swallowed liuir, dog and all, and wns again locked up on Sunday evening. His Worahij) lined him 5s, and in default of payment, twont-y-four hours imprisonmont. Bathing: — Wo aro glad to soo that the police aro doterminod to put a slop to tho bathing from tho wharves and blinks of tho rivor immediately fronting tlio houses, and within a fow yards of our only pro- uionado. _ A boy uumod Robert Miller was brought before his Worship on Monday, by nonstable Duff, for bathing in a public placo, and as it wns tho first, case of tlio description, aud as ho had beou locked up all night, his AVorship dismissed liim nftor reprimanding him. This prompt action on tho part of Duff may havo tho offoct of putting tho stop to a public nuisnnoo, if it should not, wo hopo" that our folico Mngist-rato will oblige tho noxt ofl'oudor with a fow days bread and ivntor in the lock-up. A Sermon; — Tho ltcv. John Dunmoro Lnng, D.D.', preached " a sormou in the Wickliam Terrace Presby terian Church, Brisbano, Queensland, on Sabbach, tho 26th Soptombor, 1868," and it wns so much admired by thoso who heard it, that they roquostod tlio rov. gentleman to publish it, uot entirely, wo aro sorry to say, for the purpose of uwnkouing tho pooplo to a sense of tlioir awful position, but for the mundane ono of doriving a profit from tho snlo thereof, iu order to assist in extinguishing n dobt on tho Wickliam Ter race Presbylorinn Church. Tbo published sermon was handed to us that wo might " road, learn, mark, and inwardly digest " its contents. Whether the rev. gentleman really takes an interest in us, and hopes that his words will draw us from tho crookod into t he Btrnight path, wo are not prepared to say, but wo nro prutty cortnin ho was desirous that wo should offer our opinions upon tho merits of a ' sermon which was preached for so laudable a purposo as that of paying a debt. Wo caunot, however, so far stop out of our way — we have declined, and still deoline, upon prin ciple, to dcdicute our papor to tho consideration of religious, more especially of sectarian, questions ; ours is a newspaper, and a very freo and independent ono, and our pngos nro' dcdicatod to subjects- of a purely oarthly nature;. Wo very -muoh doubt whothor such sermons as tho ono before U9 would not bo muoh better unpreaobod — itB touor is caloulated to make tho thoughtful smilo, tlio thoughtloss laugh, and to ' muko more thoroughly misorablo and despairing thoso who aro already oaudidatos for a lunatio asylum. AVo cannot avoid asking tho rov. goutloman now it is ho is so anxiouB to ,pay off tho debt of a sectarian chapol, whioh according to his own opinions, may bo laid in ruins to-morrow ? Doos tho Doctor wish us to under stand that- thoso who attond Wickliam Church nro luuuugBb into uiecc, una. wiu pe savea, or. tuat- it is absolutely necessary all men, of all oreads (including Presbytoriun olorgymon), nud of nil opinions, should pay tlioir dobts before they travel that bourno whence no travellor returns ? Assault.— -On Monday a enso was brought before his AVorship, in which a man named James Ncary, wns ohnrgod with having ' assaulted ono Francis M'Coo, luto of tho Ulstor Arms. It appeared from tlio ovi- douce that N. Murphy, a butcher, residing at tho lower end of East- street, got into difficulties, nud at tho last sittings of tho District Court Mr AV- Pattison Bucd him for moat, and obtaiuod a verdict and to ovado tho exocution of which ho mado to one Francis M'Coo, ou tho 6th Ootobor, a sale of nil tho butcliory establishment in hiB possession, for tho sum of £40, whioh was duly paid by a chequo on tho Union Bank and dnly honored, tho amount boing paid to Murphy, who aftorwnrds handed it to Mr M'Coo, but who, how ovor, swore that ho did not rbeoivo tho monoy, Murphy Bteting in his ovidonco that tho arrungouiout was mutually mado botweon liim and M'Coo so ns to do Mr Pattison, tho buBinoss boing afterwards oarriod on by Mr M'Coo, Murphy remaining a partner. . M'Coo stated that tho sale by Murphy to him was a boiin-fido salo, and that Murphy had no interest in tho businoas . Amongst tlio documentary ovidonco produced, was a receipt for £10', paid by M'Coo to Murphy for tho business, but whioh Murphy sworo was a fictitious receipt, and that no monoy bad boon roooivod by him on account of tha business. The pri- soitpr Ncary had on Saturday obtainod a vordiot against Murphy for wngoB amounting to £45, speedy exoeutiou boing grantod by his Worship in cousoqueuoo of representation's being mado to . liim tlmt Murphy intended to ovade payment ; tho goods were seized, and McCoo mado an affidavit that all tho property- belonged to him, consequently tho bniliff was, with drawn, upon whioh Ncary' remarked that MeCoo iu- toudod to swindle Murphy, and followed tliu remurlcs by picking up a ohoppor and a knifti, and threatening MoOoo. ' Tho weapons Were uftorwiirds tukon away from liim, whon hp rushed at MeCoo and knocked him down.— Mr. Milford iimdo an ablo defence for his oliont Noary, but- upon Mr. Dick pressing tho Bench . for a eommitl.nl, his Worship said ho thought'hu could not ontortain tho caso, and adjourned a further hearing until Tuosday morning, for tho purposo of At&tding; v Mr. Diok an opportunity of quoting author'! ' Tuosday tlio naso was resumed, but his AVorsiii'p re- fusod to commit tho prisoner on tho common assault, and discharged him. SsouTii Sea Island Immigration. — Mr. Adderley, the Under Secretary for tho Colonics, does not appear . to haro any great foar tlmt tho imniigratibii of South Soa Islanders into the colony, will drift into slavery. AVo cannot sco how any sensible' main, "or ut any rate one who has tho slightest' notion of the 'British Ooti';'.- - stituiion, ean hold a different opinion ; people wlio"aro ' very eloquent it. thoir declamations against the'systom " appear to forget that this is tlio 19th century, ana tlmt thoro aro such things as laws which cannot be out raged with impunity. Tho vory' first man who dared to treat liis .hired so.vant as a slave, or to break an hgroomcnt into which ho had' onlorqd, would at once place hims«U in opposition to the Government under - - which ho lived, and would be doalt witli'nooordingly. AVo can vory wo'l understand that thero ore n number of vory woll moaning mon who are so haunted by a foar of slavery, or oven an npp'roaoli to it, that they would saerifico the interests of their country rather - than oven an approaoh should bo made to a systom no disgraceful and so' terrible. AAro aro not behind thorn in our horror of slavery, and'wo should bo tlie first to stop forward to condomn any govornmont or any people who would Banction ovon the taint of it, but wo cannot in this immigration seo anything to fear, if wo did, wo should at once doubt the purity and integrity of our laws, and our will and power to dispenso thoin. Slavery may exist in tlio South Son Islands; anil no -- doubt it doos in a measure, because the ruling powers are autocratical, and the liberty and life of tho sub- joat nro in the' power of each potty nilcr, and bocauso tho customs of savago warfare are thero still in full vigour, but wo hold it is impossible to bo in actuality in any country ovor which the British flag Hies, and to doubt it is at onco to doubt tlio Constitution under which wo livo. If tho present movomen t should take ono stop towards slavery it will be tlio fault of our Govornmont — they havo it in their power to make, if thoy so choose, blnck labour n blessing to the country and to tlio laborers thomsolvcs, and it is to the Govorn mont tho oppononts should address thcmselvos, urging; tliom to sco that tho taws aro properly carried out, audi; . not to tho sympathies of tho people. Thoy. should, lend tlioir energies, since tlioy liavo taken up-1 the- - matter, towards making it. beneficial to masters aiut. servants; I bey should ondeavour to inaugurutj a plan by which immediate punishment should fall upon any. omployer who outraged humanity or law, and not i.niigineerils woro nono exist, nud prophecy mischief when thoro aro no grounds, save of their own creating, for ' bolioving those mischiefs will como to pass. It is proved beyond a doubt thnt sugar and cotton aud other tropical productions could be mado to bo even tually uiiiong tho most valuublo of our productions, and it is as certain that unless choap labor be procured,, they cannot bo cultivated so its to repny employers ; therefore, those who aro entering such Btvong protests against South Sea Labor, nro making equally strong efforts to arrest tlio progress of tho- country. Mr Adderley, in ansiver to Mr Foster snid. tlmt " with re- gnrd to tlio omigrntion, a vory satisfactory Aot hud boon -passed by tlio Queensland Legislature." Mr Adderly was thoroughly well aWurc that, if sueli an Act lind not boon passed, lie lia.l the power either to compel our Government to pass it or to desist from shipping tho men. " Tho authorities of tho Colonial Office were in communication with tho Government of Queensland with the view oi ascertaining whethor the regulations might bo made move strict, and lie believed that all ulmscB would bo prevented." By all means, muko the regular ions strict. ; make thorn so exact tlmt there would be no possibility of abuse ; make them, in fact, in strict accordance witli tho spirit and the letter of tho British law, and then our weak minded, but well moaning philanthropists, can employ their , timo in scoing the regulations duly carried out ; by so doing, thev would bo conferring a benefit unon their . brother colonists, instead of, as now, doing more tqi«r . chief than they can easily undo. If tbo SouilVi'Tr Islander oliooso to como hero upon certain toi'ins; don't, see how wu can prevent liim, and if lie boncfit ub 1>7 coining, wo don't see why wo should ; tho duly of our Legislature, of the people, and of each of tho amicus humani generis, is to sco when thoy aro hero- that thoy are used and not- abusod. The reply of Mr Adderloy, we trust, will havo tlio effect of inflicting so deep a wound upon " humbug," thut ho won't bo quito so ready to thrust his ugly head amongst us as ho has. boon. Beef a Civiliser. — Dr. Lang has paid a visit to- Mr. Raff's Sugar plantation, and confesses tlmt the bearing and maimers of the South Sea Islanders ein- ployod thoro considerably shook his previously con ceived opinions-oii tho subject of tho introduction and. employment of lliem in tho colony. The Dr. makes, an observation which is somewhat curious, ho says,, " Tho natives got a pound of boof a day — they Boom acquire a liking for it, and this will no doubt sorvo to- accelerate their civilization." This is tho first timo wo over licnrd of beof acting ns a cirilisor ;, spiritual food wo liavo heard recommended, but animul nevor — if tho Dr. bo right wo should recommend our missionaries to take a cargo of beef as well as of tracts with them.. It is generally-supposed that even a civilized man is- most good tempered nftor dinner, and the savage may bo moro rendy to receive instruction after ho has= gorged himsolf with sirloin ; perhaps a draught or two of Barclay and Ferkins' bost might render the heathen moro good tempered, but- wo question vory much whothor it would make him more ready to fore swear all connection with tlio " flesh and the devil." Good feeding we upprobond wns ono of the principle causes of the sanotity of tlio "monks of old, aud of thoso " Jolly fat friars who loved liquor good store,"" and who occasionally mortified themselves with " fat. pullets and clouted cream." Bravo! beof — but very" much Bravo ! Doctor. ' Our Legislators. — How very truo is tho remark of the Australian "that without a littlo public spirit aud a slight abundonmont of solfish objection Parlia mentary Government is impossible." Tho two words " little " and " slight " convoy a world of meaning and ovidontly imply doubts as to tho impossi bility of finding members of parliament who possess much publio spirit, or stroug abandonment of selfish objects, neither in our opinion will thoy be in existence until thoso who soek to legislutb and to govern are .' independent in pocket onough to be beyond a minister's bid. . AVo don't think that any ono will be bold enough, to dony that tho various Australian colonies have- prospered in spito of bad Governments, corrupt ministors and solt- sooking representatives, noitlier do wo suppose that thoro will bo much difference of opinion as to the assertion that Parliamentary institu tions aro uot producing just now tho most satisfactory results. " In every colony," says tho Australasian " oxoopt Victoria thoro is a ministerial .crisis, and . thoro the Govornmont, composed of tho weakest materials, is only maintained iu offico by a dextorous manipulation of departmental influouce. In Now South Wales, Mr. Parke's Administration, nftor having survivod tho ex hibition of muoh folly, sooms to bo succumbing to a quarrel about a Custoni-liouso officer.. The Quoons land Ministry, notwithstand a croditablo Land Bill, is appoaling to tho country in consequence of a cross-fire from ultra-squattorB and ultra-Land Liberals. In South Australia the Ministry has fallen through tho divorsit-y of opiuion on the land question. (,et would soem to be, that wo havo not yot loaV.-, _ " parts tho secret of Parliamentary govornmentl' — '„ra is no particular magic in a number of gcntlemon moot ing in a room and oalling themselves a Parliament, but unless thoy are content to placo somo limit oh individual rapucity, and to submit to somo disoiplino by which tlio wiser bIiiiII rulo the weaker minded, thoy will inevitably end in' hclploss confusion." Tho Australasian is right, thoro is no particular magic in a number of gentlemen calling themsolvos a Parliament, but thoro is a great difficulty in acting iu such a. way us to dosorvo boing called so by others. Thoro are many hundreds of gentlomon in tho colnnisB who fancy thoy can drivo tho stato couch as easily as thoy can a tandem along a lovol road, and that a will to do right, is tho only thing nocessury in ordor to nocomplish it. Thoy boliovo thoro is as much a royal road to legislating proporly as thero is to drinking port wino, and therefore without knowing any of tho seorots of state craft, or without boing acquainted with tho mysteries of Parliamentary Gove.nmont, thoy rush in, ana urgod by " individual caprice or individual rapacity," tbey follow blindly a leader who pandors to tho one and foedB tho other, or they assumo tho nluco of tho boll wcthor thomsolvcs. and with uorfcot ovine stupidity, invaviably tako tho road whioh loads from tho green pastures. There aro vory fow men, even in liuropo r in Amorica, who step out . prominently before their countrymen ns great states men, and if wo cast our eves upon tho various Go vernments we find that some halt-dozen nton aro really ruling tho destinies of tlio world. - These men hare risen out of tho bosom of sooioties tho most highly polished and civilised tiiuo has known ; tlioy have been educated by tho most profound scholars ; tlioy havo -' from thoir childhood upwards breathed tho political atmosphoro ; thoy havo beou amid n porfeot galaxy of talent, and of genius ; science and art havo lain at their fest, and bym-iingling witli iuan, tlicy becntno a wise in their trtiMyniid boforo they woro forty had boon ablo to fathW'tho mysteries of tho depths of hearts. Tlio pa3t is to them as familiar as tlio present, and they draw conclusions from oxamplo ; history is before thorn, and they can travel down from tho day that Cecrops planted tlio dragons teeth, till John Bright hurled down that bono — "Equnlity" — to bo snarled and fought over, and to produco inoro mis chief than tho applo of Discord at tho wedding of Pc1du8. Armed nt all point.?, thoy step on tho pint- form of publio lifo ; thoy know that tho oyes of. tho world are upon them, and like perfect nctors, tlicy play thoir parts to tlio best of their- abilities — trillo tlicy daro not — but they bolinvo like patriots, states men, and gentlemen. How therefore nan wo expect sur leading men, our ambitious statesmen, our in spired lawgivers to bo anything more than what they aro P A lawyer's office, a stockyard, a counting house, or a dispensary, aro tho schools whero our legislators acquiro sufficient, wisdom to olevnto thoin into legis r lotors, rettirned by majorities who seek nothing but eelf-aggrandiscmont and local benefits, they step on to tho floor of tho house wanting in evory necessary quali- fion, and aro ns easily bought and sold by ministers ' as tlioy bought and sold thoir constituents. What, can bo oxpeotod ? They will not look boyond thoir noses — tliev novor consider boyoiid tho hour and tho man, and the conscqucnco is the affairs tlicy uudor- tako to conduct aro' in helpless confusion. AVo defy nny one to poiut.out to us one man in the wholoof tho Australian Houses of Assembly, who is cupablo of playing either the part of n patriot or a legislator, or ono who is not so blinded by self-confidence, ub to scorn to bo taught "by tho cxpcrienco of couturios." Coi'peh. — Mr. Daiutreo, tho Government Geologist for tho -Northern Division of tho Colony, writes" ns follows from the North : — " Tho Lynd River Coppor is reported on by Captain Tromcuthick us turning out trumps. A woll-defincd lodo has been struck three feet thick, at a forty foot lovol, averaging n high per (outage of ore. In faot. it is 110 longer a speculation, it is a certainty. A new mino two miles lower down tho river is promising well, soma lino specimens of carbonate havo been exhibited from it." Writing on tho 8th instant, from tho Capo River, Mr. Daintrco adds, " Some very rich quartz has been found at the Upper Capo during the last week, and 15 lbs. of gold taken out of ono small stono." The Broken River is ntlract- \- a small nnvmlation. althnmrh lliev have niebt miles tn cart thoir dirt to wntor." — Cleveland Pay Gazette. "Veey Like, Very Like." — "The Lounger" in Our Paper of tho 10th instant lias tlio following I take up tho Sullotin and the Aryus. I admire tho wisdom, of tho Pullelin, which places Hodgson and Thompson ns opposionists. vVhy Thompson dis tinctly said ho should support tho Government, and the opinions or tlio otlior two aro known. I suppose our contemporary gets his facts ns well as his opinions from his vulgnr and illiternto and untruthful corres pondent, whom he had better discard. Tho Bulletin was once respectable, even in its correspondence." 