News of the Week. IT will be seen by our telegraphic intelligence that there is every probability of the drought being completely broken up in the northern districts. Rains have fallen at St. Lawrence, Marlborough, and Banana. There is every appearance of rain at Nebo. At Clermont slight showers fell on Monday, and on Wed nesday evening; the weather, however, conti nues dull, but threatening more rain. This is good news. The telegraphic news by the Mail which left Southampton on September 26th, is published in the proper page this morning. MAILS via Suez will close in Brisbane on Wednesday, December 2:—For registered letters and money orders, at 4 p.m.; news papers and book packets, 5 p.m. Ordinary letters, for all places except the United King dom, 5.30 p.m.; for the United Kingdom only, 7.30 p.m. Late-fee letters for the United King dom only, via Marseilles, will be received at the General Post Office until 8.30 p.m., and on board the Yarra Yarra until 9 p.m. The mails via Panama will be made up this morning. Amongst the new settlements upon the Brisbane river, a large number of farmers have taken up land upon the Indooroopilly side of the Seventeen-mile Rocks. At present they are badly off for a road, to remedy which, a meeting was held on November 25. A committee was then appointed to look out the best track from the Moggill-road to their locality. It is their intention, when the best route has been decided upon, to apply to the proper authorities for aid towards its formation. Our Tingalpa correspondent writes that four different road gangs are at work and making great improvements, and that these are being executed under the supervision of residents of tbe district, and by contractors who also reside in the locality. This is found to work very well.—Some heavy showers of rain fell in the neighborhood of Doughboy Creek on Sunday last, but more is much required. As will be seen by our telegraphic news from Sydney in another column, that the 30th instant (St. Andrew's Day) has been proclaimed a general holiday in New South Wales. The only intimation we have yet had of preparations for celebrating the day in Queensland, is that the Brisbane members of the Masonic body, under the Scotch Constitution, propose to have a supper on the evening of that day, at the Masonic Hall. A ballot for the election of an alderman for the West Ward of the municipality of Brisbane, vice Mr. Benjamin Backhouse, resigned, took place at the Town-hall on Nov. 24. The candi dates were John Wallace Barnett and Thomas Illidge. The former obtained 35, and the latter 12 votes. His Worship the Mayor declared Mr. Barnett duly elected. The teachers and children of the Wharf- street Baptist Church Sunday-school proceeded to York's Hollow, on the morning of Nov. 24, and celebrated their anniversary. The games usual on such occasions were freely indulged in, and a very enjoyable day spent. A moonlight parade of both the Brisbane Volunteer Rifle Companies took place on the even ing of Nov. 24. There were about forty members of each corps present. The whole were under the command of Lieutenant Macgregor. The men, headed by the Volunteer Band, marched through the Valley and were put through various exercises in manual, platooon, and marching, by the adjutant. A great many spec tators were present. MRS. CHARLES OSBORNE, late landlady of Os borne's Hotel, Fortitude Valley, died very sud- denly on the evening of Nov. 25. In the afternoon she complained of feeling unwell, and about 4 o'clock went to her room and lay down. About 5 o'clock she was visited by some of the inmates, when she said she was no better. About 7 o'clock she was found dead on her bed. We understand that the Turkish Baths, Al- bert-street, are now in a state of efficiency, and will be open to the general pulic on and after November 30. We have been shown some letters re ceived from Mr. R. D. Uhr, of the Native Mounted Police, by his family in Brisbane. They contain positive and indignant denials of the charges made against Mr. Uhr in a letter which appeared in our columns in July last. The letter in question emanated from a Burke Town correspondent of ours, and reported Mr. Uhr as the leader in a wholesale massacre of " Myalls." Mr. Uhr courts inquiry into the charge, and for his sake and the sake of humanity the public will be glad to find the allegation dis proved. That celebrated pseudo-nobleman, Count Von Attem, seems to have come to grief at last. The last intelligence of him on our coast was, that he had paid a visit to Somerset with his yacht Hamlet's Ghost, and displayed his peculiar talents by the purchase of a quantity of birds and skins from some naturalists there. He paid for these partly in cash and part in bills, which, bearing the autograph of so distin- guished a personage, will, of course, be very valuable. Luckily for himself, he left Somerset very shortly after this trans- action, or the arrival of the Captain Cook might have put an untimely end to the pleasant- ness of his career. Two days before that vessel arrived at Somerset he sailed for parts unknown, and therefore the warrants for his arrest, which that vessel conveyed, could not be executed. He disappeared, and his friends in Sydney and Brisbane were left to mourn the vanishing of his " Ghost," and all hope was given up of his being heard of again. It seems, how- ever, that his good genius led him to Soura- baya, and there most unkindly deserted him, for he was laid by the heels by the officers of the law. The " Count's" countship has come to an end, and he will have now to account for the various moneys received by him on the faith of his credentials, which he is shrewdly suspected to have stolen from the veritable Count Von Attem. Yes! the so- called Count Von Attem has been arrested in Java on a charge of negociating fraudulent documents. So far we know not at whose in- stance the arrest has been made, whether by a warrant from his acquaintances in New South Wales or elsewhere. At any rate he is a long way off, and we greatly fear that much tact must be used for his victims in Australia to obtain any substantial benefit from his appre hension. SIMON KING, a private in the detachment of the 50th Regiment stationed here, and who de- serted about two months back, was arrested and brought before the Ipswich Police Magis- trate on Thursday. The traffic on the Southern and Western Railway for the week ending November 21,1868, was as follows :—Passengers, £207 Is. 6d. ; par cels, £9 1s. 8d.; miscellaneous, £12 5s. ; goods, £1177 5s. 1d.; total, £1405 13s. 3d. The following is a report of the Brisbane Hos pital operations during the week past:—ln-door patients remaining last week, 50; received dur ing the week ending November 26, 11; dis charged, 9; died, 0 ; remaining in hospital, 52; out-door patients receiving medical treat ment, 103. The visiting surgeon for the en suing week will be Dr. Mullen. The secretary acknowledges tbe receipt of a parcel of books from P. M'Pherson, Esq. MR. Godfrey's communication will be in the proper page in our next. THERE are a good many unpleasant rumors afloat concerning the schooner Daphne, 43 tons register, which arrived in Moreton Bay in the early part of last week. She is commanded by an experienced mariner and trader with the South Sea Islands, J. C. Doggett. Captain Doggett called at the Custom-house a few days ago and left there the ship's register and a sort of passenger list, in which it is specified that she has on board two young women who had sailed from Melbourne in her, Mr. Ross Lewin, who was shipped at one of the South Sea Islands, and 52 islanders. From this rather remarkable document it seems that she was provisioned for a blank number of adults for a blank number of days. She is not as yet considered properly reported at the Customs, and her passengers have not as yet been inspected by the Immigra tion Agent. It is asserted positively that in almost every particular she has failed to comply with the Polynesian Laborers Act, and that all the circumstances concerned demand strict in vestigation. On the other hand, it is asserted that the captain and Mr. Ross Lewin are in a position to prove extenuating circumstances. We offer no opinion, but believe there is ample ground for close inquiry. OUR Maryborough contemporary grows daily more interesting, and in style bolder. An article written recently, to prove that Mary borough should without loss of time be pro claimed the capital of Queensland, concludes in the following remarkable manner:—"The balance of population, production, and con sumption has been greatly altered during the past year; in spots the geographical situation of which even was hitherto undetermined, large and flourishing communities have sprung up and all the most important interests of the colony are gravitating northward. As a natural sequence the centre of gravity must follow, and the endeavor to maintain it in its present posi tion can entail only the fate which awaits every attempt to subvert the laws of nature." The centre of gravity is generally supposed not to be easily shaken, but we fear it cannot much longer resist such argument as this. The centre of gravity must follow where the Maryborough Chronicle leads. The second annual meeting of the Philhar- monic Society was held on Nov. 19, at the School of Arts. There was a full attendance of mem- bers, and His Excellency Colonel Blackall pre- sided. The orchestra of the society played an overture, after which tbe chairman introduced the business of the meeting. The secretary read the report and financial statement of the committee, which were adopted. The election of officers for the ensuing year was then pro- ceeded with, and resulted as follows:—Patron, His Excellency the Governor; President, the Chief Justice; Vice-Presidents, the Hon. M. C. O'Connell, John Douglas, Esq., M.L.A.; Trea surer, Mr. J. S. Turner; Secretary, Mr. M. A. Felton; Librarian, Mr. J. Fowles; Conductor, Mr. Rozenstengel; Pianist, Mr. Strachan. The following gentlemen were then appointed to the committee :—Messrs. J. Fenwick, J. M'Donnell, R. H. Mills, G. C. Horstmann, G. H. Verney, and Captain M'Carthy. Billy, the aboriginal, who was convicted at the last Ipswich Criminal Sittings of committing a rape on Mary Thompson, near Town Marie, on September 11, and who was sentenced to death by His Honor Mr. Justice Lutwyche, will be executed on Monday, December 7, in the Brisbane Gaol. The following is a return of the out-door re- lief as administered by the Board of Relief for the week ending November 19 :—Widows 47, children 127; infirm through old age, males 6, females 16; wives whose husbands are in gaol 1, children 4 ; deserted wives 13, children 23 ; families relieved on account of sick ness, males 27, females 27, children 84 ; families relieved—father seeking work up country, females 11, children 40; temporary relief to families when father is out of employment, males 13, females 13, children 49. Total, males 46, females 128, children 327. The City Surveyor has altered the hours of the Corporation laborers, in order to prevent the necessity of their working in the middle of these hot days. Till lately they used to work from 8 o'clock to 12, and from 1 o'clock to 5; their hours are now from 7 o'clock to 11, and from 2 o'clock to 6. This alteration is worthy the attention of other employers of out-door laborers. A lecture on " The teachings of Scripture, considered with reference to the personal coming of Christ to reign upon the earth, and the antecedent judgments on the nations," was delivered by Mr. H. M. Cockburn, in the Baptist Church, Wharf-street, on the evening of Nov. 23. The Rev. B. G. WUson presided. A unanimous vote of thanks was passed to the lecturer, who expressed his intention of de- livering a series of addresses on the same sub- ject. A collection was made in aid of the funds of the Sunday-school in connection with the Church. At the Brisbane Police Court, on Novem- ber 25, Elizabeth Hicks, a girl about 16 or 17, was brought up on a charge of trespassing on a paddock belonging to George Grimes, at Yeerongpilly. She admitted the charge, and promised not to offend again. The only penalty inflicted was the payment of the summons, amounting to 2s. 6d. Thomas Whittaker, on remand, was again brought up, charged with having obtained money by false pretence — viz., a valueless cheque. The greater part of the evidence had been heard. Messrs. Arthur Martin and R. Kellett were ex amined, and stated that tbey did not know of any such person as Robert McDonald a land and commission agent, in Brisbane. The cheque in question purported to have been signed by Robert McDonald.—Detective Har- bert was also examined, and stated that he had made enquiries respecting Robert M'Donald, the drawer of the cheque, at the address given by the prisoner, but was unable to find any such person. The prisoner was fully committed to take his trial at the next sittings of the District, Court, to be holden on December 7. The Gladstone Observer of the 19th says :— "The Rev. Father M'Guinness arrived on Fri day morning, after a long and tedious journey, having travelled about 900 miles since leaving Rockhampton four months ago. He has been on the Barcoo, and came in here via the Daw- son. He spared no pains to visit every station, and fossicked out every shepherd and station hand he could hear of as belonging to his Church. The arid state of the country inter- fered with, but did not hinder, his praiseworthy mission. Camping out and watching his horses all night to keep them from straying for feed were among his frequent experiences. It was such work as this that ruined the health of the late Very Rev. Dean Walsh, of Goulburn, but Father M'Guinness looked wonderfully well after his hardships. Our own Mr. Proudfoot knows what bush missionary work is, from his long journeys on the Dawson. All honor to the men who make these personal sacrifices in the name of religion, and all honor to the con- gregations that spare them from such work. Father M'Guinness held prayers in the old Town Hall on Sunday, and had a goodly at- tendance. He then started for Rockhampton, and had plenty of work cut out for himself be fore he thought of reaching his home. By the time he reaches Rockhampton, he will have ridden about 1000 miles." 