TURF GOSSIP. We give this week the entries for a number of tbe prin cipal future turf events in Victoria, which closed on the 3rd of June. At the head of these stands the Melbourne Cup, with ita entry of sixty-eight. This is the largest cup entry there hss ever been, although only three in excess of the number entered in 1867. The sixty-eight are mndc up of forty from Victoria, seventeen from New South Wales, five from South Australia, five from Tasmania, and cue from Queensland. The lot includes all the best horses in Aus tralia, and upon paper the Sydney division has a formidable appearance. We have no doubt but that the best of them — The Barb, Tim Whifflcr, Fireworks, Glcncoo, andBulgim bar — will bo honoured with plenty of weight to steady them. The Victorian forty includes some very fair animals — Mr. oraig s pair, Aim \\\ miller and Aimuleloot tor instance, and a number of Fisheiman two and three year olds ; but there's an awfullot of duffers among them, and about one half of them would not have the ghost of a chance if they were absolutely turned loose. The ton from South Aus tralia and Tasmania belong to the moderate divi sion, and the sole representative of Queensland is the Hon. R. PriDg's North Australian, who is undergoing his preparation at the hands of Sam Holmes. We don't envy the handicappers their task, but hope they may succeed. If they succeed in bringing hall' of the horses together, and are rewarded with one-tliird of the entered number at the post, their effort wilt be a success indeed, and they will deserre the thanks of the racing community. To give everything in the race a chance to win would be impossible ; for if they were to put 12 st. upon Sydney Tim and a feather upon some of the animals entered, the latter would have no chance. Indeed, we have been assured that a considerable number of horses havo been put in for pencil purposes. The next race in order is the Flemington Stakes for two year-olds, to be run at the next New Year's Day meeting. For this there are but thirteen, which is certainly not a large entry. Eighteen have entered fer the Port Phillip Stakes, to be run at the New Year's Day meeting, and of this number the probabilities ore that there will be six at the post. Siting that this is a weight-for-age race, it is difficult to see for what purpose such animals as Token, The Swell, and Kingfisher have been entered. The Ascot Vale Stakes has an entry of twenty. This is another race for two-year-olds, and will be run at the Autumn Meeting of the V. R. C. in 1869, The Victorian Derby, to be run at the spring meeting of the V. R. C., has a splendid entry of forty-seven, twelve of which belong to N. S. W. This will be a rich atake to win, the prize being a sweepstake of 25 sovereigns each (fi forfeit), with 600 sovereigns added. The St. Leger for the autumn meeting of 1870 has also a very good entry of thirty-three. Breeders have no reason to complain of want of encouragement now, for, both in this colony and in Victoria, some of the richest stakes are provided for the two and three year-olds. From the nature of the races, big handicaps will always be the most popular races, and wilt always induce the greatest speculation ; but the princiDal racing clubs of the two colonies deserre the most cordial support from breeders and the sporting public generally for the encouragement they are offering to the owners of young stock. I Last week we had something to say about the entries for the Metropolitan, and toe necessity of beginning toe handi cap high u a lot of the moderates are to nave any chance at all. We are of that opinion still ; and it is to be regretted that the committee did not appoint a handicapper mBtcad of undertaking the duty themselves. There are two or three gentlemen in Sydney who have the necessary time and ability to bestow upon it, and surely too Jockey Club could afford to pay something for toe performance of a duty which it is of the utmost importance should be done well An allowance in the Bhape of a salary might bo given, or a sum voted for the expenses of the gentleman, whoever he may be, who would undertake the duty, and in either case he should be toe handicapper for all the country meetings as well, provided, of course, that he was acceptable to the promoters of the same, and the stewards of country meet ings should be required to pay so much per head of the horses handicapped, or so much per annum for toe per formance of this duty. The owners of provincial race horses would then have some guarantee that their horses would be fairly treated, or at least would be handicapped by some one who had devoted his attention to the subject instead of being left in the hands of the stewards, as at present, who for the most part understand but very little about toe principle of handicapping. Whatever may be done in regard to the country meetings, we apprehend it will be the duty of the Jockey Club to appoint a handicap per for the metropolitan meetings, ana the sooner this is done the better. In our issue of last week wo were enabled to give the evidence taken by the committee of the Jockey Club in regard to the short weight of the Barb, in the race for the Queen's Plate, and toe alleged 'pulling' of Tippler in the Flying Handicap, at the late Randwick meeting ; and doubtless most of our sporting readers have glanced through it. From toe first it was feared that there would bo no evidence to criminate the real culprits— assuming that the light weight of the Barb and the running of Tippler were not toe result of accident ; and we hardly need say that no evidence of fraudulent practioos was forthcoming ; but the inquiry will not be without its effect. It will convinoe the public that toe Jockey Club will not readily overlook any thing that has toe appearance of fraud upon it. We are informed that a large number of too tickets in toeVairoville Stud Distribution have boon disposed of: and the comparatively small number remaining ou hand leaves no doubt that toe whole of them will be sold before the day fixed for the drawing. ' Playboy,' in last week's Australasian, has the follow ing in reference to Dr. L. L. Smith's stud distribution : — Dr. L. L. Smith's distribution goes on apace, the tickets are being rapidly token up, and a great many more are engaged, people disliking to port until nearer toe tune of drawing. Thclottcrv will be conducted entirely on toe eame principles which so successfully brought off _ Mr. Fisher s ; and a committee of gentlemen will he appointed to carry out all the arrangements. Parties wishing to take a chance of getting either a farm or a thoroughbred horse for a £6-note need have no qualms as to toe bonu fits of Dr. Smith's intentions. Whatever number of tickets are disposed of toe drawing will take plsoo on the day fixed. I heard it stated at Messrs, M'Kereie and Rigg'e bazaar the other day that toe lottery would not come off; but both Dr. Smith and Captain Scott, his agent, inform me that such reports mutt emanate from interested parties, and that there is no foundation whatever for the statement. The doctor's intentions from the starting of the projeot have been that the drawing shall tab plaoe, whatever number of chances arc sold. There have been no less than 700 tickets applied for by the up-country agents, of which number it is not yet possible to say how many have been allotted, and from all 1 can hear, the demand in town will be equally as great, as the day draws nigh. We observe that the proprietor of the Sporting Life has been appointed Dr. Smith's agent in Sydney. The same paper (the Australasian) has a leading article on ' Post Betting, ' in which the present unsatisfactory Btato of betting is dealt with in a rigorous manner. A cor respondent in the previous week's issue advocated p?st betting as a remedy for the 'roping' and 'milking' prooesees which are said to be carried on by some members of the ring; and the writer of this article goes into the matter, hut he does not believe, nor do wc, that post betting would defeat too machinations of clever scoundrels or prevent the backers of horses from being plundered. The result of abandonment of nil betting prior to the day of the race wonld be much larger fielde of horses than we have now, hut there is little doubt that a considerable proportion of them wonld be made as 'safe' as though they were left at home. The write of the article referred to advocates mora rigorous measures, as follows ;— ' There is a way, however, of clipping the bird's wing.i, and effectually too. Let the rooms be remodelled, ana a fresh committee framed, which shall include some of toe leading men of toe Turf, whose character and position are so well established that no exception can be taken to them. Let the ballot then be introduced for admission of members under regulations sa strict that tocso black sheep shall be excluded. If toe power of admission to too subscription rooms rested with Buck a committee, and one black ball excluded, then wc should not in the rooms be elbowing what a correspondent very forcibly described as * too offal of society.' Kick them out, these black sheep, and give them no quarter (thc-y are welt known, the mark of Cain is upon tjiem), and drive them ignominiousiy to the obscu rity and bock slums from which they should never have emerged. Their occupation would bo gone, and the public would cease to have any transactions with them. The other step wc recommend is that the Government should give the V. R. C. unlimited power over toe racecourse. The stewards, or committee ralner, could summarily eject these black sheep from the enclosure, and prohibit them from defiling the lawn and saddling paddock with their presence. Wc would refuse them any explanation or satis faction, end make it a warning for others who decline to give any explanation respecting questionable transactions on tbc turf. Defaulters, also, whether high or low, should ho dealt with without regard to persons. No matter whether they belong to the kid-gloved aristocracy of Toorak, or too pave of Little Bourkc-stroet, let expulsion from the rooms and racecourses be their sentence when unable to fulfil their turf engagements. The loose morality and loose management that bne go long prevailed on the turf can he tolerated no longer. The Augaian stable must be cleansed at onoe of its filth, and the sooner some of ike magnates of the turf set about the work the better it will be for its future welfare. There has been so little betting on (he Derby and Metro polilon, that it would be impossible to give a reliable list of quotations. Tbo offer on the field for the Derby is 3 to 1, Coquette being toe best favourite ; 5 to 1 can be obtained about any other. For the Metropolitan, Tim Whifflcr is first favourite, at 4 to 1. The Barb and Gloncoe aro at about 6 or 7 to 1 each, and 100 to 5 can be obtained about any other, barring Fireworks and Bulgimbar. 