THE ABYSSINIAN CAPTIVES. (To the Editor of the S.M. Herald.) SIB,—Four years Bince you were pood enough to insert in tfce Herald a lengthy letter from me, directing attention to the case of the Abyssinian Captives. That letter constituted the first allusion to the matter which I remember to have seen in the Press of these colonies. Indeed, their case then, so far as awakened public interest both at home and abroad, was concerned, was in its very infancy. My great object in penning that letter, aa I then stated, was to beg. with any influence which my position as a clergyman might add to the appeal, the prayers, on behalf of these captives, of a large multitude of pious persons whom you have the honour to number amongst your readers. X will not more than glance at the ground gone over by that letter. No one, I think, could rise from its perusal without a conviction that its details were those of one of the most horrible captivities of Christian missionaries and their wives which the annals of missions have furnished. Their suspension by the wrists for hours, heavy chanings, frghtful journeys, thus chained, from plateau to plateau; the only road beds worn by mountain torrents; the refinements of cruelty inflicted, such as starving them for months, and then feeding them abundantly. Severely do I to this day feel what is to be suffered by the use of food in any considerable quantity after a permanent injury to the constitution by starvation. The separation in their imprisonment of the missionaries from their wives, and lodging the latter for lengthened periods of time singly in huts, with Some fifty Abyssinian soldiers quartered in the one apartment these huts contained. All privacy Tendered thus utterly impossible to these ladies. Maternity occuring under these circumstances. The fearful beatings of the missionaries, and then dragging of their wives to behold them exhausted and covered with blood. The system with which Theodore has arranged these and Other Buffering inflicted, appears to me quite as noticeable, as "his uncontrollable bursts of passion," of which we are informed. Thus, on permitting one of the missionaries, the Rev. Mr. Flad, to become his envoy to England in the early part of last year, we are informed that the king expressed his confidence of having him again in his power, on account of Mrs. Fiad and the children who remained his prisoners, " for," said he, "his heart is his wife, and his eyes are his children." It seems evident that Theodore possesses no mean attainments in the science of making hearts and eyes minister to human misery. I was happy to see my letter, four years since, copied elsewhere from vour columns, and cannot but feel gratified by the belief that prayers, neither few nor inconstant, have resulted from it. What really Christian woman, 1 may ask, who read the details of their position, would be likely readily to forget, at the throne of grace, these her afflicted sisterhood, and the little ones. I also observe amongst this mail's intelligence, and with much satisfaction, that at the diurnal and mid-day prayer meeting now held in a crowded thoroughfare of the city of London, the Abyssinian captives have their place in the printed list of subjects selected for special prayc. After eight years of such sufferings and imprisonment, these captives, save one, are vet i alive. The death of Mrs. Rosenthal's child which some five years since Mrs. Flad endeavoured to suckle with her own, at a period when starvation had brought the lives of these ladies to a very low ebb, appeau to be the only death that flint ]);}>! has FLR^NRRPRL1VOA/1 occurred. Need we wonderat — J . an item which this mail conveys to us, that they are " all becoming grey ?" May we not rathefeel surprised that at least the females and children are not all dead? The pathos of the picture has yet to be painted in its deepest tint*. But what we know is surely sufficient to evoke prayer from any Christian heart. From the latest particulars which have come into my possession by last mail, I shall feel glad if you will afford me space for a few extracts. Of late their journeying do not appear to have been nearly so extensive as was the case formerly. Amba Magdala and Debra Tabor are scarcly more than fifty miles apart, and these two places, it appears, have constituted lately the boundaries of their tormentings by travel at the hands of Theodore. But what miles to travel chaine i. " Want of exercise writes Dr. Blade to Colonel Merewether, " is a great privation; it is very difficult to walk any distance with our irons; a ring is hammered on each leg, and three links passed in the rings; this keeps the legs in close proximity to one another. The iron resting on the ancle is very painful; every morning we put some bandages above the ancle to avoid the friction. Vermin got into them." This, however, appears to be a lighter description of chaining than thst to which the captives have been occasionally subjected. "We are" Dr. Blanc adds, " without shoes or stockings and in rags, and have altogether a curious aspect, nothing of the officer, the consul, or the rever» end about us, more the appearance of rca 1 criminals than mere hostages. We are getting grey, even Prideaux." Dr. Blanc adds, *' I am treated with favour, shown only to a few priviledged captives." What then, I may pause to ask. must be the treatment of the unprivileged ones ? It is to be feared the missionaries are amongst the latter, as, according to the second series of papers presented to Parliament laBt September, King Theodore accused them of "abusing him." This probably means endea vouring, in the discharge of their divine commission, to bring this undappy man to a sense of his condition as a sinner. May they perish, doing their duty faithfully, rather than escape relegating the claims of their office. But if it comport with the Divine will, may their position yet be that both of faithfulness and deliverance. Dr. Blanc does not approve of the missionaries " brooding over their miseries; " he considers that " it can do no good." The Doctor himself has suffered much from neuralgia." He is making himself, he says, "as jolly as possible under the circumstances " He writes of possible liberation with a note of exclamation addended. The poor Doctor, in his own way, appears to he quite as much trying to keep up his friend Colonel Merewecher's spirits, as his own, and does not write like a man telling the worst. The party he informs us " are too much down in the month, and kill themselves, morally at least, by brooding over their misery." The number of the European captives is nineteen. The lay party consists often, namely, Captain Cameron, the British Consul; Mr. Eerans, his secretary; three servants, Messrs. M Kelvey, Makererl and Pietro; Mr. Bardel, a painter; Messrs. Schiller and Essler, naturalists ; Mr. Eassom, who became the Eev. Mr. Flad's hostage, and Dr. Blanc. The nine captives forming the missionary party are the llevs Messrs Stern, Rosenthal, Staiger, and Branders, with Mrs. Flad and a family of three, and Mrs. Rosenthal. A work published at Paris, a short time since, by the late French consul at Mas^owah, represents Theodore the Second as having been to a considerable extent a more ameliorated man during the lifetime of Tzoobedje, the wife of his youth, and faithful companion of his early privation and struggles, than he has been since her death. She is stated to have possessed immense influence over this eavage man. and to have exercised that influence in restraning him from the commission of many enormities. He sees. it is said, or pretends to see, in her premature death, a Divine punishment for burning a woman alive at Godjam, which cruelty it appears Tzoobedje was unable to prevent. His next marriage, we are informed, was a political one, with a daughter of the chief of Oubie. The princes, Toroneche, very soon incurred the fury of Theodore, by requesting liberation of some chiefs of Tigie, imprisoned for their attachment _ to her father. An open rupture ensued. Toroneche was beaten, her father imprisoned, who yet remains one of Theodore's native prisoners ; and stiil futher to degrade his second wife, he formed a harem of four femaleB selected from the lowest ranks, and appears gradually to have increased in vileness since. Some Abyssinian priests are stated to have protested against the king's many enormities; Besides these, and the European missionaries he does not, however, appear to have been much troubled by Nathans. Tzoobedje, we are told, left two sons, the eldest an utterly degraded sensualist. On one occasion, insulting his father whilst drunk, he was by his order locked securely in a pigstye, where the king observed he jrould find congenial society. The other son, Dedjas Mecheche ; is represented as a very different character, and a great favorite with the people, who necessarily live in constant dread of the sanguinary caprice of their present ruler. The son governed the conquered p ovince of Dembea, but incurring the jealousy of his father was recalled by him, with the inquiry whether he "intended acting the pare of Absolom." Like the tiger Theodore we are told appears far from destitute of the j layful elementin his character, ana in giving audience to tributary chiefs, or strangers, is often found surrounded with a group of four tame lions, one of which serves for a pillow, the others rolling, gaping, and stretching at his feet. He is stated to enjoy excessively the mingled feelings which his visitors endeavour io conceal Very many years have elapsed since I Tead the travels of Bruce in Abyssinia, and the contents of that extraordinary book are to thie Jay far from obliterated from my memory. I always regarded those remarkable travels as bearing generally a strong impress of npuarent truth— perhaps a domineering impress also, natural, it may be to the writer. The Tigre chiefs' inquiries respecting the blunderbusses with which Bruce was astonishing them. why tliey did not all go off," and the enterprisi -g traveller's explanation that it was "because their time had not yet come," may be remembered by other of your readers than myself. The dust will be likely now to fall from many a halfforgotten copy of Bruce. It is evident that even to the present time Abyssinia is but very imperfectly known. The home journals teem with information culled from a variety of sources, but much of this is of a very contradictory character. So much so, that the irrepressible comic journals are, I observe, launching their wit very largely at the conflicting masses of advice with which the Government is besieged. One journal of large iufluence does not hesitate to designate the Abyssinian expedition as a *• leap in the dark." Even respecting the capital of the country, Gondar, accounts are entirely at issue. Under such a ruler, however, it need excite little surprise, should he recently, in a fit of fuiy, as one writer states, have "burnt it to the ground, with its forty-four churches." Writing of King Theodore's personal appearance, a traveller tells UB "he is rather above the middle height, well and strongly built, a frame capable of great endurance, high forehead, projecting underjaw, determined cast of countenance. Be is obstinate to the highest degree, and the piercing glance of his eye is indicative of wild irresistible passion. It is very easy to observe what ravages a continual indulgence of his love of intoxicating liquors has already caused in his constitution." It seems, then, not at all impossible that we are to strong drink for no small portion of our Abyssinian, as well as other troubles. Another traveller, Mr. Dufton, who has traversed the whole of the intended route of the expedition, from Massowah on the coast light up to the plateau of Debra Tabor, gives us the following description of the Pass of the Shohos, which lies on that route. Our army will be here it seems, for fifteen hours at least, in a JCoord Cabul Pass a^ain, with the increased difficulty of an almost impracticable ascent, "not more than twenty to thirty yards wide, the bottomBO covered with angula»- rocks and boulders that the army will be almost compelled to go single file." It is " almost inaccessible, save to goats and barefooted Sbohos." He is of opinion that "five' hundred well-armed Abyssinians could hold it against an army, the rocks and trees on board side j of the mountains forming an excellent ambush." The inhabitants of this wilderness, it appears, however, are few, and destitute of European weapons of warfare It remains to be seen whether Theodore, like Dost Mohammed, is in a position to place an army there. On reaching the summit of this pass, which is 8000 feet above the level of the sea, no permanent table land, it appears, is even then reached. The army will have to " march down the other side, by an abrupt and rugged descent along the sides of mountains whose incline is so great, that a false step would endanger the lives of both mule and rider." Major Harris states the district to be "destitute of water." Capt. Ferret and Galinier state that it is "infested with lions fevers, dysentery, and other disorders." Another informant, striking altogether different chords, declares that *• there is not one yard of jungle from Massowah to Debra Tabor." That it is a country *' combining a delightful climate aad tropical luxuriance, no waste of European life need be apprehended." A home journal discredits this statement, because the thermometer ranges from 114" to 120- at certain seasons. The journalist forgets to tell us whether his meaning is in the sun or shade. If the latter, were the writer here, he would find that on the coolest portions of our most salubrious tablelands, Bathurst, Goulburn. and Armidale, the range of atmospheric heat is quite this. When the register of the Herald gives a sun maximum of 127", we find the s'-iade maximum as low as 73'. I may allude in illustration to the 30th of October last, given in your impression of November 1st. Should, however, " in the sun" be meant, then we may not pause for further information, and for this reason. As a general rule, one thousand feet of altitudei are accepted as the equivalent of five degrees of northing, and rather less of southing from the Equator. Whatever, therefore, may be the case at the level of Baherhagish, the first and lowest table land of Abyssinia, it is difficult to see how this heat can be found at the elevation of Habesch, the highest plateau, or even Tigre, except in very confined valleys of peculiar 1 aspect. But it seems also difficult to understand, from the tenor of our present information, how Baherhagish, or even Tigre, can be " delightful climates." The aneroids of the expedition, especially with leference to the valleys of the' table lands, may clear up many difficulties. One thing appears certain, and that is, that the vocation of the expedition is not likely. to prove a sinecure, at all events, should Theodore persist in detention of the captives. I will not increase the dimensions of this letter, already far more lengthy than I intended when I sat down to write it, by inserting further portions which I had marked in different sources of information I will simply beg the prayjrs of praying people on behalf of the Abyssinian captives, on behalf of the British Expedition, on behalf of Abyssinian captives, on behalf of the British Expedition, on behalf of Abyssinia, and on behalt of Theodore. We are not linely now, should the expedition remain any considerable length of time there, to be very long destitute of a much larger amouut of information respecting this ancient and now nominally Christian kingdom, that we have ever yet possessed, since writers of tried powers accompany the expedition, whose pens will not be idle. In the meantime, every chili in our public schools possesses, as far as reliable information exists, a really good account of Abyssinia, in that masterly " Epitome of Geograohy " of the Irish National Board, containing 624 closely printed pages, and which, as you are aware, commanded, in its elaborate compilation, the service of some of the highest talent of the three kingdoms. This, Mr. Moore, of George street, sells at a moderate advance on the marvellous English price of fifteen pence. Next month, also, we shall be well tunished with Messrs. Simpkin and Marshall'" sixpenny atlas of thirty quarto maps. Who then need now be destitute of information respecting the world in which he lives. Very shortly our December mail will have steamed through the Straits of Babelmandeb. A returning representative of royalty on board who is followed with our best farewells, will gaze wistfully toward the larboard shore of the Red Sea, beyond which some four handred miles, as the crow flies, these captives are languishing sadly, having suffered many deaths. May we not also charitably hope that there will be others on board, who as they sip their iced water and fan themselves in the heats of this tropical basin, will mix their languid pleasures with sighs and prayers for the chained ones of Debra Tabor, and Amba Magdala, whese crisis approaches? Theodore is fond of quoting Scripture to his purpose, we are informed. May he remember another celebrity of the Red fc- eawho " would not suffer the children of Israel to go " and learn wisdom. We say with the old Greek, " the end is with God,'' although our God be not his .Tore. We have surveyed much that is dismal. Let us then for a moment refresh ourselves. Let us gaze down the vista of future time upon the " happy new years " lhat will yet be Ethiopia's. Let us look where the sunbeams of divine prophecy form for her the bright letters of promise, that she shall " soon stretch forth her hands unto God." This she will yet do. Not as now, by tormenting servants of God, '"in the name of the Father, and the Son, and of the Holy Ghost,'' but by that blissful exer.-ise of faith in a sacrificial Saviour which' worketh by love, and purifieth the heart." I am, Sir your obedient servant, Sydney, 1st January. R. W. VANDEBKISTE. 