! 'Wiatlom orioth la tho street and no ona rogoi jfheiv I can't holp thinking eo when I reflect upo: Ifcte of an unhappy young mon who rooontly so Ita cam his living by Bolling nowspapors and i {cheap literature in my part of tho town. Ht fknown as much of human nature as an ordinary Hidsn, ho would as soon have thought of Italian pl feasts or copies of tho Old Jlustors asa means of ott ifing customors to his counter. .Boehly calculating Niemand,for tho bellos lettres, ho first established : fgät in a handsome shop, and nllod his windows 'avery brilliant display indeed, I wotehod tho ex mont with somo intoroet from doy to day, b Carious to ascertain tho exaot amount of literary I §n my rather populous neighbourhood. Misglv îeizod me on observing that no oustomer evor ceo "io malro his «pponroneo. Tho Horolds and tho J lisos looked awfully fly-markod/whilo tho Froora '.journal soomo'd ' to bo 'rapidly qualifj Itself for brown'paper/j V Nothing soomod to go Comio songs of all descriptions, from A Norriblo 1 io Paddlo your, own Oonoo,, wero "apparently as ulonblo as old iron ; whilo tho most bloodthirsty il {rations of popular weoklios had no moro offeot on pasehig publio than Christian PloaderB, Tho nal\ ïeiultsoon followed, tho ehuttors wern up and freed was gono. Not oltogothor. Do triod anol Itrect, taking a much humblor .ostoblishmont than ¡tat, but tho oflbot was much tho samo. Tho i fellow looked mlserablo enough. as ho stood bob Iii counter ¡ so misorablo, that I fancied at tlines sm consuming bis own stock liko o despcrato v merchant, and ' hopelessly ruining his digest íy devouring musty periodicals. I felt fi lt tho thought that this unwholesome diot mi íe tried on tho children, and their teiriblo paleness Jndeod look os if it prooooded from a paper Tcgirr 'Again tho shutters were up, and this time tho unfoi sato follow hod disappeared. Heaven knows where is now. All tho deteotivos in tho country would i featly foil to nnswor, j If ob nee, by lonoly conUrojilnllon led, i SOD e kindred spirit ahould Inquire hil f.te. i I don't think mncb of " our village." after tin's, álcetually speaking; but comfort is drawn from thought that it is muoh tho same oil ovor tho to\ ¿d country too. Thora is moro than ono among ifko could toll a vory similar tale to that of my fric ¿o newspaperman. Thcró is moro than ono arno ps who has tried to mako a living by tho si of much higher stock than mere newspapers, a bu failed as miserably as tho poor fellow I ho fpokenof. OhoBtsof ruinod booksellers and publish rho up before me as I write,-ghosts of men w Uvod within tho lost ten or flftooa years, .but w lure talton themselves off, one after another, to t ((lades below. As I lookover my shelves now, mai Iavolumo speaks to mo of ono or other of thoso pe 'fellows, from whoso hands it came into m y possessi Ono of tho old familiar faces was buried in:a count: churchyard only tho other day, aftor. what wanderin 'and what sufferings Apollo only can toll. I fool t iure now that ovory venture; of this " ontcrprlsii pnblishor," nnd thore were many, must; havo mado largo bolo in his till ; I don't wonder, therefore th 'pumishora now-a-days rcquiro money dow jjbeforo thoy will even look at a, maui {script. Kore than' one author, or rath ^Intending author, has askod me how ho was to got tl {toll of paper in his hand sot up in typo. By simp' Swating a chequo for ¿SIGO, Sir t Tho fun tf tl stiling is that tho quality of tho goods scorns to mal mo düTorenco as regards their potentiality of a salo, l Sue a Johnsonian phrase. Somo fellows tried r Sigious literatura very hard, investing'hundreds ( Kfcounds in gorgeously hound Bibles and Prayer Bool raf all shipes and sizes; others went in with equi Susi for fiction, and tried the publio i with all ' tí ¡vfcütions of our novolists, from thirteen and six ''tolumo down to cightcenponce;'while othcre; ogni ..^îmed at tho school-going part of tho populatioi ^inaking sure of a markot' in that direction. But tb .'.lûiult was uniform. Nor do matters improve altin [ adviHcos. It is not a month since ono of tho mo ! juewssfulin this trade annbunood his intcntiorjtogiveu tbs bookselling businosa ; and I presumo that h f ibuidonod it merely boeauso it did not poy. It mlgb ¿ja pointed out as a peculiarity of Sydney lifo tut Mero is not a singlo, book-stall in '.tho city,' X doul örlithor this* could be enid of any oity, posscsain ratall the population of Sydney, either in Europe c ¡america. It is possible in Sydney to moko a livln Ry keoping an applo stall ; I know on old man wh ?Saltes a living by selling pieces ef rusty iron; but i Ht nof possiblo to- mako - a living - by a book-slal Brtoro vroro ono or two establishments of thia kind i Spydnoy somo years ago, but they havo disappears gong since ; and with thom, of oourso, your ont Ipumco of pioking up an old edition at a fifth of it % Three hundred guineas for a portrait of Print ¡3jru*ro1' ought to produce a good ono. Suoh nprie áwduld havo sot Sir Joshua Hoynolde to work with . Shrill, in tlio days when all tho aristoeraoy o£ Englan ^TCro* crowding his studio,-when Dr, Johnson st Ijdown in tho chair from whioh "Wilkes had just xieoi land Miss Nancy Parsons brushed past tho Bishop e Jliondon on tho staircase This : matter reminds m |Uiat a Vory pretty portrait >of H.R.H., a half-lcngt jgpaintod by o lady, may bo . soon in tho Australia ígLlbrnrr, «ad purchased at something under its rec 3»*luobyany ono who moy'toke a fancy to it Th $lleno3a is a very ' fair oho,.' .so fair 'as j'iMn ablo to . judge; I tho fault I And wit f"5/ tliat .it is rather too ,protty', for real life |Tho lipa aro too red and tho oyoaitoo blue ; oxaotly th «3»Uai« which you " would export from o woman' |Jrush. Tho painter, in my humble judgmont, spoil ?^handiwork by.ihis tendency,-<a tendency, it.migh ¡.le ropiiod, common to oil ortietsroxoept theso of' th p»wy liighost ordor, who know too muoh of Art t 3|]*in1'of sacrificing a singlo skado of Truth to it ^"fraït painters .aro drivon into it by the oxaetbaj jrjrani'y.of thoir sitters,. who; o'xpoot an unfortunat jtrtiat to do for thom whot'Naturo lias sternly refusei ; do,-thot is, to mako thom -look beautiful. But i "ot good polloy, after all, to ' lialtor this woaknoe z*ltho Mpnuso of truth. The artist who is Imo t, :iuo may not please on individual sitter, bu .Jw «ill oMsrodly pica* ovory ono olso who has ai opportunity of judging his workmanship. Ji"or th1 :f~j*' i HXÍIIU of, hor drawing seems to bo good onough ¡ .»allard study will make Jior proficient in tho branol tl '° Wl''c1' ha"<,ovotc<" "wsolf ; but apparontlj has no ono t> point out.hcr shortcomings, and con [?enuontly ropouta hor orrorj. There aro two othoi ^pointings by her in tho Australian Library. Ono it »«koteh of a pretty littlo girl Bulling waloigrosaoa »hilo tho ",ow ¡H failing on tho etreot ¡ this is vory |Tr> and would ornament a eitting-room vory phtnbly. Tim other is apparently an allegorical fí«ro,-a young la-Iy with guidon hair faa l,iuo oycai ehnntinic our National Anthem f* ««o lyro. JJut tho head in not a good ~T Tr «n idoal, while tho hair ia a deal too golden »«l the oyo« aro painfully bluo. Tho colouring in all jw*peces is vory rioli. Whntovor fuulu might bo '""d in thom ura ponrcoly notioenhlo in comparlüon . Jttn thoso oí two largo pnintir,Kfl in tho Library in Mich^Iaok I'fllhluir io the co. tral ilguro. Such n cou I"MIOII of obiurililioii Imo IIOTCI- yet boon oxhiblled 5»MDTni, Tho artist liaUij'l tho ghont of nn iden ne ' to Falstaff's character) tlioro Isn't n gleiim of Intelloc or humour oithor in tho fat Knight's countonanoo while Tlal loolts a moro macaroni of Gcorgo th Second's timo,-his dross, comprising a tyo-wig am ru filos, hoing cvidoutly falcon from that por ¡od. Thosi misarablo ébauches of a glorious subj oct must ha"i bson doiio hy a thlrd-rato Fronob. artist-and bough byajaolxass. Any ono who wisbos to road a tip-top French nore; of tho prosont day, should turn to tho Bovuo dei Doux Mondes of April, May, and Juno last, whore h< will find ono by Ootavo Fouillot entitled "M. de Carno re." This writer is ono of tho very best hands at fiction of whom contemporary Paris con boast. ' It was his work whioh was surreptitiously dono into English by Babington White tho othor day, and pub- lished undor tho titlo "Oirco;" tho discovory of the fraud gavo riso to a controversy in whioh Miss Brad- don took part, and which ovary ono has read. Octavo, I fanoy, takes Balzac for his model; if ho doesn't, ho at least has moro of Balzao in bim Utan any othor of his countrymen. Iiis Btylo is certainly diiToront, vory difforent ; but ho has tho same dramatio instinot, his charaoiors aro oqually lifo-liko, and he photographs Paris lifo with as much fidelity. Some of tho tabloaux in tho talo I speak of aro equal to anything of the kind in Fronch fiction ; and tho talo is full of theso tableaux. Tho hcroino reminds mo foroibly o' Ba'zao's La Duchosso do Langeais -not that their characters resemble oaoh otho ', but simply tho situations into which thoy aro thrown. Octave, again, has a marked insight into feminino character, tho distinguishing trait of Balzac's gonius. Talio, for instanco, tho following paisago in which bo contra- dicts a philosophy that has passod currant through all ages:-- . " We may remark here that hardened and scornful scepticism begets quite as many erroneous judgments and erroneous calculations as tho very simplicity of inexperience. M. de Camors interpreted too literally all that has been written about tho fickleness of female character. Tho truth is that women in general, are remarkable for tho persistance of their ideas, and the fidelity of their sentiments. Inconstancy in matters of tho heart is, on tho othor hand, peculiar to men, AVe may assuro ourselves that th¡B thoory is by no _ moans a paradox, by observing tho marvols of pationt and onduring dovotion which may bo socn ovory day among woroon of tho lowor class, whoso natural ohnraoter, howovor unpolished it may bo, romains original and sincere. Among womon of fashion, although they may be depraved by tho temp- tations and excitement that surround them, this natural diameter survives ; and it is not at all rare to soo thom devoto their wholo lifo to a Bingle object of thought or affootion. Their existence is not vari od by tho 'kousand diversions which distract us or consolo us, and consequently tho iden which occupies their minds turns easily Into a fixed idea. They follow it through solitude and through society, through their reading, through their needle-work, through their slumbers, through their prayers, through everything) they live in it and they die in it" It is amusing to think of tho complacency with which our sex has laid down tho law on this subject, as if there wasn't room for a singlo doubt about if. Tho varium of mutabile semper theory has, been handed down from age to age without a question as to its truth, and even poets who ought to have known better have joined in tho savage cry of Posthumus: For even to vice They are not constant, but are changing still One vice but of a minute old, for one Not half so old as that. I'll write against them. It ia not an easy matter to balança tho virtues of the sexes, but pre-eminence in tho. virtue of fidelity may fairly be claimed by tho ladies.. . 