M EMORANDA.. The St. Kilda borough council have, with com- mendable promptness, decided on making arrange- ments at the pier for the preservation of life from drowning. The nature of these can be learnt from our report of the proceedings of the council given in another part of our to-day's issue. Hand-bills have been circulated announcing that the stalls in the St. Kilda Market will be let by lot on Wednesday next, and that on the following Saturday the market will be opened. Those in- terested in the matter will find full particulars on the bills alluded to, or can gain further information by applying to the town clerk. We desire to call the especial attention of the in. babitants of Prairan to the fact that the proceeds of dhe Popular teadings, on.Tuesday evening will be given to the ·-ahran and South Yarra Ladies' Benevolent Society. His Honour Judge Poliman inas consented to.preside. An excellent programme ias been selected, whlich includes an address by the Rev. George Mackie and a reading by the Rev. J. Watson. The hall should not be large enough to contain all who will wish to be present. That very excellenit nmusical associatiori, the St. Kilda.Glee and Madrigal Society, announces that a coucert will be given by the members, ('seited by lady and gentlemen amateurs) in the Prahlran Town Hall, on the 8th April, in aid of the St. Kilda Ladies' Benevelent Society;." The third of the seiles of lectures on behalf of the building fund of ithe South Yarra Presbyterian Church will be delivered on Wednesday evening The lecturer willbe.tlie Rev. Isaane ackay_(recently. from North America),,and his sabject "A Visit to New York and Panama." . . The ratepayers of Praliran will feel more than usual interest in .the doings of their, council. oh Monday evening, it..having been decided then to hear in public the argtiments pro and con as to tle merits and relative value of hand or machine broken metal. The inquiryjs announced to commence at eight o'clock, after the usual sitting of the council, and if condluoted by the advocates on both isides with a single eye to eliciting the truth, it ought to hg productive of grod: . The riniversoary services of the Sabbath School conducted by the Baptist congregation mdeofiig in ·the Prmhran Mechanics' Institgtes willbe hel4 to morrowe. Sermons will, be preached-in the morning, at eleven, by Rev. Thos. Ness; afternoon, at,three, by Rev. E. G. Lewis; and evening at half-past ix, by Re.Y.W. R. Wdoe. Collections will be made at the close of each service. : A 'parochial entertainment conasisting of a ten inectiiig and concert, iato he given :on Wednesday evening, in St. Miary's Church, Cauleld. The con cert will lie conducted by Mr. Samnel ?Kaye, and Ir. David Lee will'preside at the organ The Prahran Popilar Readings have badenme" an institution in this loo.lity. On Tuesdayl evening it must have.been gratifying to the promoters to be hold the large assemnblhge gathered within our noble Town-hall, to listenetothe eicelldiit progamme which was'got up for theirdelectation. John Good man, Esq., presided, and in a few appropriite remarks opened the entertainment by calling Pn the con tributors to sing "God Save the Qeen," which was lustily responded to arid which made the hall ring again with demonstrationms of loyalty. Mrs.. Perry man sng ' Sing, Birdioe,;Strig rhi?h ibrught' o'ut. lier warbling powers in their' full sweetness.. This ady is becomi ig a deserved favourite. Then Miss Sheppard in her attractiyi style gave Ir Miotler, lihe is going away" and other songs, with equal effect. Madame Pett in her ususlly finished style gave a solo. on the piano, "Come where my Love lies Dreaming." Our comic friend Dwight then rattled away a few of his best songs, whlich moved the audience to rapturous applause. Mr. White ga.e two songs of peculiar ability in the conio .ein, mitating thie cries of.thle cock, tdogs, fowls, pigs, &c.;, which for originality ought to have earned a well deserved encore. Mr. Burgess gave two read-. ings in excellent tasto--Coleridge'a "Genevieve" elicited great applause. Mr. Wilson's "Stump Speech" ', was eapitali~ dosey' Mr. Sinclair' gBirvo 'Mary.s Ghost" amidst roars of laughter; this gentleman is likely to become in recitation what Dwight is in song. Mr. Martin gave '"Somobody's Daring'," for which he. received mostl hearty ap plause. Mr. Mac and othera came in for their meed of approbation. A lady volunteered to give two readings,' which she accomplisheld in an easy and graceful style. This is a novelty which the gentle men conductirig this entertainment should foster and' encourage: MiHr. Ifuiings moved a vote of thanks to the chairman, and a pleasant evening was brought to a close by again singing a God Save the Queen." The ceremony of installing the district officers (for the year 1868-9) of the Independent Order of Rechalabites Friendly Society, S.U., took place on Wednesday evening, whenl Brother the Rev. George Mackie, South Yarra, was invested with the insignia of district chief ruler. ...... We beg to draw the attention of the borough council of Prahran to an eiitins?gueanco m Gar diner's Oreek-ro d; cassoed ba'o Sn ater flowing into it from severil dRshiiis oising aThb stench at one part, near the cornea o?bho?sa-otreot is at times almoatintolerable, e and1I'be o~es, the council esc3etodin of the reaet~ r' heqlth to at once hsr, it romeediaed. i We aro informed that the W.. & Claxton, of South Australia, has cordinilly qeeotud'the invitatitn of the Bapltist Church, Cliapel-·str~'et, to succeed the Rev. D. Rees in the pastorato, and that he will com mence his stated labours early nexort month. From theo reputation which Mr. Claxton has acquired in other places, we think that his settlenmeht;at South Yarra, is likely to'bo a valuable acquisition~ to the Baptist eause in the neighbourhood. * There was another narrow escape from drowning In the Bay, off St. Ruilda, lastsunday afternoon, when a skiff containing two men was capsized some three hundred yarca rorg the. shore.... The craft wvas under sail at the time of the accident, and one of the men at once struck. eut for the shore and wa, picked up.by .n boat .whiCh had put-off to the rescue. .The other man got on to the bot tom of the boat, and remained there till he was taken off., . An investigation was held by Mr. Candler, the dis trict coroner, last Saturday, into the circumstances at- tending the burning of a wooden cottage, the property of Mr. Jas. Caple, of St. Kilda. The premises were unoccupied, and were used for the custody of garden and farm tolls. David Aspinall, labourer, and Joseph Fielding Higgins, C.E., deposed to having seen the cottage in flames between three and four o'clock on the morning of the 14th instant. The alarm was given, and no one was found near the spot. Mr. Caple stated that he could not conceive it possible that the premises took fire accidentally. He had had a Russian named John Boez in his em- ploy, whose wages he had refused to pay because he would not give a week's notioe. This was on the Thursday before the fire. Boez used no threats and no angry words or quarrel took place between them. Constable O'Brien deposed that this man Boez was not to be found since the fire tookl place. The jury found that the cottage was set fire to by some person or persons unknown. Aseosrs. David Moffat and Jolhn Squire have been appointed by the Board of Education members of the local committee of the East Prahran Common School, No. 89a. Those persons who, from neglect or otherwise hire yet failed to register their dogs, should take warning from the number who were fined at the Prahran Police Court last Monday, and then had to register the dogsafter all. Local Insolvents.-James Mfnckton Darlot, of Oakleigh, sheep and cattle farmer. Causes of in solven'cy-Deprecination in the value of stock and stations belonging to insolvent's partnership, firm, and ?. Darlot and Co., and by heavy expenses in foIe!cing, and by bad debts. Liabilities (personal), £960; assets, £11,990. Mr.Shaw, official assignee. -John Harvey, of St. Kilda, confectioner. Causes of insolvency: Want of employment. Liabilities5 £?f0 1s.; assets, £4; deficiericy, £26 Is. Mr. Shaw, official assignee. An inquest was keld by the district coroner (Mr. Candler) on Thursday into the circumstances at tending the death of Johns Chisholm, at South Yarra, on the 24th'inst. Benjamin Stockdale de posed that; on Tuesday evening last, he sanw tihe deceased, whom lieind not know, fall down: ie the Punt-roed, and when he went up to him he died in a few minutes. Di. Wooldridge, swho made a poost mortem examination, deolared that deatli resulted from rupture of a blood vessel in ithe lung; and the jury confirmed this testimony by their verdict. Mr. T. Baillie brought a complaint before 'the St. Kilda bench of magistrates yesterday, of his name not being placed on the electoral roll of rate paying electors. He said that at thie last election he went to the polling booth at the St. Kilda East division to record his vote, when hle was informed by the returning officer that his name was not on the roll, and was consequently debarred from voting. He had always paid his rates, and the omission was caused by the electoral registrar in transfer ing the names from a copy of the list of ratepayers furnished to him by the town clerk. 9Mrv Jno. Proator, the registrar, said the omission was plirely an accident on his part ind would be willing to stand by thie consequences. He further stated that he had only received his tlippoitment as registrar on the day thie lists were 'mrde out. The bench looked upon theomissien as accidental, and agreed to sign certitlcate requesting the' reteurning- iffler to insert the name on the supplementary lists. As we believe there are.several others so situated it would be advisable to apply to the bench in a similar manner before the 4th inst. The return mattch. between ?iateen players of.the Melbourne and sixtedn of the Prince Alfred Bowlieg Clubshwill' be playedl off on the green of the latter this aftornoon, play to commence at 3.30 p..m, and to continue for two(hlours. The health of the Chief Commissioner of Insol- vent Estates is so far improved as to enable him to resume the business of his court. During the week he has granted certificates of discharge to Alfred Chapelle Mortoc, of St. Kilda, theatrical manager; Henry Aldwinckle, of South Yarra, clothier's assis tant; James Paulin, of St. Kilda, greengrocer ; and has postponed the application of Henry Raikes Garrett, of St. Kilda, out of business, to the 7th of April. A first and only meeting has been held and closed inthe estate of John D. Healey, of Oak leigh, schoolmaster, at whichl insolvent was present and oue debt proved.-On Monday, a third meeting was held in the estate of William Dickson, of St. :Kilda, publieo. . Some debts were prbved, and tbhe offlial assignee made tihe following report:--"Thin estate is one of those that are surrendered with ap parently large assets, hut which, the assets biarig been previously made over by bill of sale, leave nothing for the general creditors. The trifling amount secured by sale of stock-in.trade, and the collection of a few of the debts, will only partially pay the preferent claims, and the gepecl creditors have no chance of a dividend."-On Tuesday a first and only meeting was held and closed in the estate of John R.Wrigliht, of St. $ilds, hawker; and on WVednesday'in thie estate of William Turner South Yarra, labourer. s Pmpounded at Oakleigh, 12th March, .1868. Trcspass Is. Bright-bay gelding, long tail, stalr and snip, near kinee Blighltly bleinmished, cellar anid addle marked, blotched letter and like C off s.eck liko S over 7 or 5 over 7, off side under saddle. iOn 18th March, mouse.coloured horse, off hough en large#, small star, JH off shoulder, ]f not claimed and expenses paid, to be sold on 15th April.-Im pounded at Prahran Borough Pound, 7thl Marcll, 1868, by John Falstead, for trespass Bay mare, star, on face, near hind foot white, like ~ near cheek. If not claimed and expenses paid, to be saold on 15thApril. A Special Courtof Petty Sessions will be holden at the Court House, Oakleigh, on Saturday, the 18th day of April ceet, at ten 'clock in the fore. noon, for thie purpose of reislng the Supplementary Lists for the Oakleigh and Molgrave divisionos of Sbuth P'rovince, and same divisions in' the Electoral District of South Bourke?, Owing to the. paucity of ntries, the Caulleld races are postponed until further notice, Last - Sabbath .a temperance , sermona weas preadhed by the Rev. G..Mackle; in the Townhi' Prahran. Therev. ge;tleBi;nndiscoursed ablyon the great good arising from temperance generally, and tosehed upeg. thls adtins bienefts iaceruing; from Ilechabite membership ? stroIgly advising his hearers to give the movement their supportt by join Ing tdi link-s of total abstainers'. He' assorted it as thehiihl privilege of everyond;tol liye nit for himself only, but also.for the good of the comma. nity; and this Jmrportant; fact was evolved, vis that although a man might continue a moderate drinker all his lifetime, still, in view of the ineal. culable jlls arising from.drunkenness, atd being surroubndeiby friends and ieiboure maore dr less morally weak, it became his duty, as a neighbour and a chtlstidtn to abtaltn frorim the tse of stironag drink, lest his exampile:eaese dthere:to forsake tlhe path of rectitude. A collection, toward?ltlid'erec tion of a temperamis hall, was taken at the close. OnMondaiy eveninig the:third annual soiree of the PersaveranceTent, I.OKI,twea held in tle .above hall, when about 250i!ad!esand gentleman sat down to tea, and recorded their appreciation of the good things 'provided byl: theb cliferer (Mr. W. Miller) in a most practical manner. Having done this ndieb, t?he company prepared for th. more nitnil lectual part of the entertainment, wlieli was com-, mencedi by. the Orpheus quairtette party, who rendered a:quetette in first-class style. After a song by Mr. Gamble, Messrs. Henderson and Broadley sang the duet, 0 The Larbiard Watch. Mr. Irilis not having arrived, the chairman (Bro, J.Munro, C.R.) introduced Bro. W..Bell, D.C.R., who made some practical remarks, during which he quoted figures from Mr. Archer' 'estatistics, whiphl placed the Rechabite Society (as compared with other benefit societies) in a proud position. After a song by Mr. Henderson, and a catch for three voices, 'The Three Farmers,". which produced reat merriment, and was encored, Mr. Inglis (who had arrived during the singing) came forward, and, in on eloquent speech, the peroration of which, for pathos and Christian earnestness, has seldom been surpassed in this hall, ably advocated the claims of temperance on both old and young. After the quartette, " Maiden, Listen," had been given, Mr. Llewellyn sang "The British Lion." Bro. Mackie-who, from his earnestness in, the temper- ance cause, is welcome wherever he goes--made some amusing and withal instructive '-remarks which were calculated to find a place in the mind of every thinking man. A song~ "I'm evermore Dreaming of Thee, the music of which was very good, was pleasingly rendered by the composer, Bro .J. O.'Broadley. , The quintette " The Image of the Rose," exhausted the programme. Votes of thanks to the ladies who had presided at the tea, and to the singers, were carried by acclamation. Thie National Anthemn was then sung by tile com pany, who dispersed highly gratified with the evening's festivities. From the "'Veekly Abstract of Births and Deaths" published in' the Gaovernment Gazette, we extract the following, as relating to thle districts in which the'Tekgraph circulates for the week ending' March 14, Dlstrict. Depty Begistrar.l Births. Deathe. Brighton ... S. P. Simmonds 2 1 Prahran :.. A. F~ White ... 6 ?: South Ynarra Ei. B. Taylor ... 4 2 St. Kilda F. T. Vln ITemer 4 ' CRICKET. SOUTH MELBOURNE i'. PnINC oP WALrMs, The commencement of this,: the retors matchl between these clubs, was made on the South. lelbourne . ground last Saturday. Owing to the non-apperirance of the visitors, who practised anything but princely punosu ality, it was three orclock erec he'ga-mo col'h be commenced, and then only by the other side allowing stubstituteso for four absentees. Under these circumstances they were neees sarily sent to the wickets, where they suo~ ceed in making a total of 69 runs, 27 ol which were secured by German when' the stumps were drawn. South MNelbourne had, three wickets to tall, and were in a majority of 4 runs. The best of the batsmen on behalf of the local.,team were Chessell, Whearley?,. and.M'Gann, who contributed respectively 13, 13, and 10, the latter being not out. T'he match is to be continued this afternoon, com mencing (if' possible) :at two o'clock. 'The. score at present stand'thus: South Melbourno (3 wickets to fall) "73 i Prince of Wales ... ... ... 6 SOUTH MELBOURNE V. RICabMOND. A match between mixed 'elevens of these clubs was played on. Saturday afternodn,. Richmond proving the victors by 5. runs. For that team, Marsden with 27 and '3, Mortimer with 12 and 18, Cotter with '11 and 0, and R. G. Johnson with 3 (not out and 10, were best men. Osborne 10, and Baker 9, were top scorers 'for South Melo bourne. Baker, for South Melbourne, and Darke and Trenchard, for'Ricihmond; bowled exceedingly well. The totals made were as follows :~ Richmond ... ... . 70 and 51521 South Melbourne ... ... 31 and 38-- 69 Majority for Richmond... 52. It is a?nnounced from Sydney by telegram that the Galatea, in oommand of tile Duke of' Edinburgh, is expected to sail from thence eartyin April direct for England; the in teeded visit to N1ew. Zsaland, will not there-, fore be made, which can hardly be wvondered - ati seeing the inertness displayed by...the authorities there during the recent Fenian demonstrations. Some working miners at &hllarst;, who were unable to obtain their wages from the manager of a company, in their seal to avoid a loss took the novel and lynch-like proceed ing of looking him, his brother, and triend in the office, and there keeping them prisopers until they hadgtveii written tlomises td pay,. may have beenbound over to. keep the peace. for six months. The South. Australian Government have accepted the tender of the Australasian Steam Navigation Company for the branch mail service tbetween Adelaide and Kinpg.George's Sound, was iiot £1,000 per trip, 8eis reported per telegraph, but £1,100, being for the thiirteen trips-in theoyears ansum of ?14,300. -' The subsidy under the late contracot was only £945 per trip. .... , 