NOTES FROM 0L0UDLAND. Tun Si;.v, ? , 1808. J send you these few lilies hoping you mo well on tho terrestrial globe, wliiitn L am at present, barring the seats prepared for all the lodgers in this very hot climate, for when Dr. Zcbedy Butt was about to arrive, a new im migrant, tired of his long .journey, was about to ease, his weary limbs, when the l.)uke or Kmpi.Tor of the establishment exclaimed with .vehemence, '' Top, top, sir; you'll hum your A,v.v/('-.-' — not tile ' lig leaves' they used to wear iu the garden of liden in old Adam's time, but his very natural covering, for ainau brought nothing into your world, and certainly can carry nothing out, no, not even his wind ing sheet. 'Well, .so much for myself, but now about my brother bipeds. Siicli an oi/uti/im t/ul/icr inii 1 never did see. ; it would puzzle bis oa tunic majesty to describe their co.sl.umi!.: but, t'lt jtanittiit, I may .state, these, were his habili ments : — JJi« jacket wn* icl, and Ids breeches weie blue ; Through the latter a small hole For Ills t.iil to pass through, which he switched as a cuie, like an old gen tleman of (on iu your earthly antipodean i'ara di.se, ami whistled knowingly as new arrivals made their appearance, like so inudi grist to the mill or coals for thu burning furnace. Then we have thu man with his seven- leagued boots, ready to run a race with any earthly locomotive to the 'infernal regions ;' then thu ' niiiid-of-all-work,' whose idle habits were proverbial, and f'il!y ei|iml to the 'jack of all trades, and master of none,' who professed to compound aitilieial earthijuaki.'s, juodtiuing spontaneous combustion, mill1 Vl'IflWfoTTt an easy matter to ' uunihilig^jpace,' putting to thu blush all Armstrong's long ranges aud JUinio rilles. Next and last I 'mall describe, if possible. lie was known amongst u.-- by the name of ' Nevur-suy-Diu ;' but die he did — strangled in his mortal coil, whieh had wound him up like an eight-day clock, and time was no more with him. But he hud another name, enigmatical though it be, called Editor, which in your globe is looked upon with ; but here — ' heaven save the murk' — tho seciets of their cogitations arc known aud duly appreciated. .Your journal ha*, indeed, a wide circula tion, for it is known here, anil we wonder how you satisfy the earthly cravings of so many hungry souls, without the literary aid of the pupils of erudite iVlcphistopheles, who natu rally have the gift of making mountains out of molehills. Now, being one of that class, I cannot perm it tho opportunity to (lash by without sending you a Hat contradiction to your assertion, that a man, ' dead or alive,' could not, these hundred years in prospective, compose himself as .the learned .Rydiau is re ported to have done iu the columns of your contemporary, the Syilnni/ Morniny Harald, which paper is too heavy to reach the height! from whence I send this steel pen effusion — goose quills would not answer in this grizzling hot hemisphere. In consequence of this hea/y machine (thu Jicrald) being so weighty, I should not have, but for your omnibus of litera ture, learned the contradiction that 'dead men tell no tails.' .But, what of their ghosts! Hamlet believed, poor narrow-minded soul, that ' murder would out,1 notwithstanding the ' white-washings' of time or purit.tnieal hypocrisy. Jlequiwcat in pacn. But they won't here, for the supply of coke upon Lyt tleton is truly astonishing, which converts manslaughter into''niurder, and hence the penitent has no.clmncc. in this ' Citv of circles.' where i have a temporary 'habitation, if not a name, innny attractions occur, for ' birds of a feather,' they say iii your world, flock together. Here are- Queens, Kiugs, Emperors, Warriors, sol diers, and paupers, all on an equality, and you may sec iu deep confab, now and. then, 'Id Napoleon, and Jack Sheppard, and Dick Tur pin, and others, the hitter laying down tluJ law us it ought to have been, with the ' helm of ufi'airs' placed a-mid-shipH, to overturn the variations of the earthly compass, in which the Queen Alary coincided. But lempux JugU,.»s our patriarchal instructor used to cry out, when the tide would not wait.; therefore nfl tlib aeriel vehicle approaches, 1 uni*t ' shut up' and extinguish, iu vaiu, the light of other days. — Yours, SPJ1UTUALITY. P.S. — (D.V.) more anon. ? ? _ 