DENILIQUIN. "Wednesday. I Armstrong- and M'Canl have been found guilty of sticking up and maltreating Mr. Maunsell, tlio police magistrate, and eentenced respectively to sovcn and fivo year's imprisonment "WATER -Tho water will bo turned off nt 7 o'clock this morning, and will bo on again at 12 (noon.) TUE IIKLBOUBNB STAOE.-It appears from notices in tho advertising columns of our Melbourne contempo- raries, that Mr. Oharlos Fechter, tho celebrated actor, is shortly expected. PHOPOSEB BANQUET TO Artonntsnap Por-nino. Last night a preliminary meetingof lloman Catholics was held in St Mary's Seminary, 'for tho purpose of getting up a dinner to Archbishop Poid ing. Mr NV. B. Dalley was called to the chair. After a proposition which was mado and negatived for a banquet and dinner, it was finally agreed upon that an «rMra» oriniil^ tin nrncantnd tr. hia RmT * fin» tba laving of the foundation stone of St. Mary's Cuthodrnl on the 8th instant. A sub committee was appointed to make the necessary arrangements. THE QUEEN'S OWN BAND -Tho nbovo band will givu their woekly p rformance in the Bo'anio Gardens, at 5 o'clock, this afternoon. Programme :-1, Ovorture. .' Obiara di Bosenbergh," Eicci ; 2. Quad- rille, "La Sonnambula," Gassner; 3. Selection, " Lucrezia Borgia." Donizetti ; 4. Valso, " Night Breeze," Gassner ; 5. Selection, " Fau6t," Gounod. 6, Galop, "Burlesque," Caeeidy. God Save tho Queen. PüDEOTru\nisjt IN AIIEMCA.-A telegram from Troy, Otb September, published in the Philadelphia Evening Herald of tho 24th of the same mrnth says: -Tho walking tournament at Benyalacr Park Course ended this afternoon at 4 o'clock, and was wen by Hsydocb. tho English pedestrian, who walked 100 miles in 22 hours and 44 seconds; Payne, of Albany, walked 100 miles in 23 hours and 37 seconds; Bendon gave out on the 87th mile, winning tho third prize. Ho walked fifty miles without rest, and en- tered tho contest without training. Hay dock walked an extra milo after completing his one hundred miles This is tho first authenticated instance on record of tbe accomplishment of this feat. TnE SYDNEY SJDP KITOIIEN AND NIGHT BEFUGE. Tho labours of a committee of ono of our most useful institutions have been spoken of in tho publio press much less than their merits deserve. It is about live months finco a few gentlemen, headed by Captain Scott, tho police magistrate (agentleman woll quali- fied, from his official position, to judgo of tho misory and destitution prevailing in this city), resolved to initiate a movement for tbo relief of the ragran ts who daily Bwell the polico charge sheet So estimable an object did not meet with tho support it de-erved-that is to say amoDg tho higher classes fortradeBmon nnd employers of labour greatly appreciated tho movement. Notwithstanding the finjneial 'difficulties which wero to bo overcome, the committeo toiled bravely through, and nave brought the institution toa point of perfection which not only roflccts great credit upon its zoalous origi- nators, bat which should also lead to abundant con- tributions from those who are not backward in sup- porting institutions not possessing half the merit ~f tho Kep.'-street Befuge. Working on a Bmall basis. the committeo ware necessarily at ürut restricted in their efforts, but as tho philanthropic nature of tho entorpiifo becamo moro widoly known, contributions wero sent in"proportionately- principally, however, from tradesmen, who contributed in kind. And it is to this, doubtless, that, tho complota arrangements of the Befuge, as it at present stands, may bs attributed, A lew words as to the cood effected since the com- mencement of this laudatio movement may not bo out of placo; and may perhaps oeiiit.t in convinci- g a certain class generally backward until a benevolent institution is thoroughly proved un fait accompli. As before stated, tbe committeo bnvó only lieou in operation livo months. During that time, "undor the indefatigable supervision of M. H. 0, Lee, the super- intendent, somo thousands of meals havo been pro vi ed for the destitute; labourora have met with nmnlnvmñnfc in tho tnwn dtqtrinta- nnri tn nnena «.Vio-n situationa wera provided for them in the country, the transit faro has been arranged by the committee; tho i'.resent Minister for Worki-, Mr. John Sutherland, having greatly to hie credit, given a free passage to every man from tho Xlefugo engaged for an up-country ei uation. Thus a great amount of superfluous labour has been remo vsd from our et'cots; and if tho maxim ba true-and that it is so is fully proved by statistics-that the lastresourco of poverty is crime tho public have muoh to he grateful for to the com- mittee of this institution. Progressing by degree* since their start, tho cominittoo have now an estab- lishment worthy of inspection, Tho City Refuge aud Soup Kitchen is situated ia Kent-street South, and has in front a palisading bearing an insctiption sufficiently obvious to any in search sf i's hospitalities. Entering the gates, a view of a pleasant garden encircling the house is to he obtained; tho plot at tho rear being devoted to the cultivation of culinary vegetables, which have already boen found of great service. , Tho arrangomonts of tho. intorior are very complete, tba mast striking thing being tho aspcot of thorough cleanliness pervading tho wholo of the establishment. Judging from tho plentiful suppl}' of excellent mutton, and the hugo box-or rather bin of potatoes, which appeared ready for tho cook's operations, it is evident that tho denizens liavo nothing to complain of ia the dietary lino -in fajt their bili of faro eoems infinitely superior tb that of tho majority, of ata'ion hands. By tho same kind offorta of tho mid'Jle class-thoso wbo aro best ablo to understand the wan ti. of their Jess fortunate brethren-have been provided hath rooms, with ovory requisite. Tho Ra fugó bas a rogislry office attached, aud tho number of situationa provided for tho inmates may bo tiken as ranging from ii ino to twelvo per week, surely a testimony to its.laudublo nature. Although the majority of tho ap- plicants are,- as- might, bs expectod, of tho lower orilor,. exceptions havo been found in man of liberal profession, reduced to want; and it is another claim of this Institution on thu higher alassea ot society, that greater efforts have b *n mudo in such cases, the result being that instances aro not wanting whore raen have Ween"placed in the upward road io the sphere.for which they were educated, but which thoir conduct and conséquent despondency lcd them to imagine lost for ever. Ono thing only remains to render this excellent charity complete ; »nd that is, a ?Night Befuge for,Women,-a fcot patent ti all whoso av.;ca:i(in's may keep-them abroad until late. This fact has not escaped Captain Scott and the committeo, md with a view to provide'for the want tho com- mittee proposo giving a'co/icort, on the lflth of next month, at tho Maionio Hall With tho charaotorinlio liberality of tho musical profession, Herr 1 Carl Schmidt ha's offered his services to conduct; the eminent pianist, Mr. C. K. Horsley, ! bas ulso'Yidun teortd his assistance ; and most'oí our professional and musical celebrities hate also placed their, ta Icu ts ut tho dirposal of tho committee.' If tho,hi use is Ailed nccording to tho morits'of the 'cause, np perform- ance that has yet taken place in Sydney should be nblo to boast of so largo an audience.. Ob's. Mooro and Co. havo requested i us to diriot ? tho - attention of Warehousemen, Drapers, Clothier-, do, <to their salo of Drapery, Urnii* Mnterials; I also a well assorted in voice of Clothing, This Day, at . ll.o'clock; at their Booms, Pitt-street, - ST ANDBSVS OAHIEDRAIÍ.-TIIÓ Bight; Reverend Dr. Tyrrell, Bishop o£ Nowcastlo, prea-hed in the Cathedral yesterday evening to a crowded congrega- tion. Tho first lesson was read by tho Bishop of Brisbane, the second by the Bishop of Tasmania Special prayer was offered for tho Hov, Thomas Smith. Tho words of the text wore-" Thy Kingdom como." The Bishop of Newcastle, after enforcing tho necessity of thought and siucority in the daily repetition of this oft repeated petition, described tho present kingdom of grace, and tho future kingdom, of glory, and very solemnly and earnestly exhorted the people to pray and work for tho extension of the kingdom of grace in their own hearts and in those of their fellow-O'eatures, and to be prepared for tho coming of tho kingdom of glory. In conclusion, he spoke of tho design of tho Cathedral, to give im- pulso and order to the various labours' of tho Church throughout tho oity, tho diocese and tho provinco of Australia, and thus to promote tho diffusion of those spiritual blessings which constitute the kingdom of grace among mon. The Bight Rev. Dr. Tuffnell, Bishop of Brisbane, is to preach this evening. PnmoE OP WALES OrEiu. HOUSE.-Last ovnning tho theatre was well iillod hy an intelligent audionco to witness an ontortninment given for the benoftt of tho Roso of Australia Lodgo ot Oddfellows, M.U. Tho powerful drama, "Fraud and ita Victims." was played in a stylo and manner that'appeared to give tho most abundant satisfaction. The pieco WOB admirablv cast. Mr. J". J. Welsh play inc tho fraudulent merchant, afr. Stuart O'Brion, Alfred Seaborn ; Afr. Holloway, the Count do Valmoro; Mrs. Jones, Mrs. Soaborn; Miss Kato Corcoran Patty Bosolips, andjMis3 Eleanor Carey Marian. Tho other characters wero alco ably given. The drama wa3 followed by tho tailors' horn- pipe dance by Mr. J. F. Murphy, nnd sovoral charac- teristic dances very elegantly given by Miss Emily King. A grand concert followed, in which Mrs. Cordnor, Miss Blanche Clifton, a youn? lady amatour, and Messrs. Swinson, Fairfax, and Ackland, sang some very favourite melodies. It is gratifying to be ablo to announce that the management have engaged tho oolobrated Foley family, and that they will inako their debut this evening, Roport speaks very highly of tbeso artistos, and doubtless thoir efToits will bo well appreciated hore. MADAME ANNA Btsnor's CONCERT -A large audi- ence assembled last ovening, at th's Masonic Hall, on the occisión of the fifth of the farowcll concerte, by Madame Anna Bishop. On Friday this accomplished lady appears for the last timo, when the programmo will chiefly consist of selections from Haydn, Mozart Schubert, &0, Without doubt there will a large attendance. ACCIDENT.-Yesterday afternoon a buggy belong- ing to Mr. Clarke, of tho Varieties, was being «iriven in the direction of Pyrmont, when the hone bolted. Tho swing bridge was, unfortunately, open, and tho horte rushing in that direction, took the ro id, and, although a gentleman namod Fleming, at considerable personal risk, endeavoured to arrest his cc ur so, tho horse and buggy went over into the water. Fortu nately, tho only occupant of tho buggy nt the timo, a lady named Miss Darnolt, was rescued unhurt, but the horse was drowned, and the vebiclo considerably damaged. ROYAT, SOCIETY.-The monthly meeting of thc Royal Society was hold last evening in the Australian Library. Professor Smith, M.D., occupied thschair. Ono now member, Mr. Hugh Paterson, was admitted by ballot. A paper waa read by Christopher liollcs ston, E?q , on " Results of wheat culture in Now Sauth Willes.'' lathis paper the statistio3uf ton years' whoat culture wcro set forth in a practical manner. The extent of acreage under cultivation, the amount of wheat, and the average of prices wera given Tho writ jr divided tho colony imo five districts, and showed that in the county of Cumbeiland and some of the northern districts thero had been such a diminution of the yearly produce of wheat, as to lead to tho conclusion that these districts ' would prove unsuited to wheat culture. Tho returns of wheat culturo in the western and southern districts, on the contrary wore such as to warrant tho expec- tation of large and permmont supplies of wheat from thoso districts. Tho mombcis of tho society present exprefsed their high appreciation of the paper read by Mr. Rolleston. Edward Bedford. Etti., read a paper on "Tho dry earth system c-f conservancy." The object of tho pnp'or was to recommend tho adoption of oarth closets as butter fitted to securo tho comfort and good sanitary condition of towns and cities than the sowerage hitherto in uso. Considerable discussion followed tho reading of this paper. Mr. Mayos urged the utility of limo ns it deodorising agent. Tho reading of a paper by Alfred Roberts, Esq., on "Pauperiam oí New South Wnles, pa*t, present, and future,' was post- poned for want of time, un'il an adjourned Jiu-etiog, to ba hold next Wednesday evening, E 0. Cracknell, Eífj, exhibited a model of a rail- way switch or shunt, to bo wort od by tho engine driver for Bhuniing railway trains into sidings. Mr. Cracknell had a email model engine and tender on a wooden railroad with a siding. The invention cousis's of a steel or brats bow projecting in fient of tho engine. This tow, when n it in use is Hu-ned with the convex edgo upwaids, and when it is desired to turn the nain off tho linc on which it is p oce ding, thc bow is tuinod a qua ter round, so as to put thc convex edge outwatds hoiizontally. When thus turned outwards, tho bow catches the rod used to shunt the trains, and performs tho work now left to thu pointsman. Tho advantages of the invention aro that the services of pointsmen might bo dispensed with, a great saving of expense, and the dangers frequently incurrid by want of duo vigilance or perception on tho part of pointsmen would bo avoided. It would bo in tho power of tko engino drivor, byan cany process, to secure the proper shunt ing of tho train. An opinion was expressed that tho invention was woithyof the contideration o£ tho Government. A HINT fori oun ATHLETES.-Velocípedo travelling \- is not n common sight in tho neighbourhood ot Mel- bourne. Occasionally on enterprising individual may bo seen careering along on his horseless vehicle, phleg- matically heedless of tho ôponly expressed astonish- ment of tho spectators. But what ia raro with us, is becoming, tho newspapers say, quite fashionable in the vicinity of Paris. Tbe volocipodo moot in request is the twc-wboeled one, whioh caa be both worked and guided by the feet, and pr actise is making the veloci pediste romarkably expert in tho management of their diminutivo locomotives. Two prb&seors; of gym- nastics are giving lessons in tho new art, and the rage fer it hos besóme so great that races have been estab- lished at' various places, and prizes given to tho winners. As with donkey racing, however, tho most fun appears to bo obtained by offering ro warde to the champion who comes in last, as i tis difficult to keep tho velocipede going, steer'it. and at tho same time prevent it attaining any sp«d. Tho nrnueoment is an innocent and interesting ono, and i light uith pro- priety bo added to tho list of sports open to tho enjoy- ment of youth in this colony A velocipede club would le a novelty among tho associations of Mel- bourne, and possibly quite os agreeable as a boating, orlolict, or foetoall club. Australasian; A despatoh lias been received by Sir G F. Bowen, from the Bight Hou the Secretary of State for tho Colonies, relative to correspondence'communicated from persons in the col »ny, instead of being transmit- ted in tho usual course. His Grace the Duke of lliii'ltiniiham ond Ohaudos calls the attention of Su- perintendents of Provinces and others to the colonial rrgu anons, and desires them to 'bo informed that it will not bo po'siblo for him to take n ¡tico af commu- nications which are not transmitted through thu Go- ve nor. i Tho Geelong Registor contains a roport of an affilia tiou ciao The détendant wai* married man. but had for some tim . cotmbited with plaintiff.1 Tho child, if a boy, WDS to bo called .'Hamlet's1 Ghost" Tho mother was also called "Hamlet's Ghost" while in Melbourne, and sim limes Mr*. Hamlet (an alia«?« Bush fires for rouiu time patt, >ays tho Queauboynn Ago, h aro boen raging near Queanbeyan, in the di- rection of Gundaroo. , ¡ It is gratifying, saya tho Melbourne Argus, to tho, numerous friends and admirers of M. Nicholas OheTslidr, tho well known artist, to hear time ii most kind autograph lottor lo him from Frinoo Alfiod has been roeoivod by the mail, informing liim of his Royal Highness's intention to ieovo EngKrid vorv fliortly on hie eecond voyage, and inviting M. Ohcv/ilii r lo meet him at Gallo, where he hopo* to arriva about thu 1st of February, and to accompany him Ihouco to India, China, and Japan, aud buck to Australia, taking rkulcho» for the, Frlucucn route. Seeing tho large choleo open to the Diiko of Edinburgh, it is pleosing t» find that his Royal Hiebneas should have soUctea one.whom wo aro jmiifkd in dilling a Victorian ai list; IA> accompany; him on his inter sung expedition. M. Ohevalior is at present in Now Zealand, but will, no doubf', return on being made; acquainted with his Royal Iliglitieai's wishes. ' 