TUESDAY, APRIL 7th, 1SG8. Some time ago the Duke of Buck ingham informed the colonists that the constitutional quarrel between the t<vo Houses of Parliament was a local oue and must be decided locally. 1 his information gave un qualified satisfaction to one of the laigest meetings that was ever held | in Melbourne, and to the people generally, It was sure to prove j acceptable to those entrusted with | the duties, and charged with the ■ responsibilities of the representative i sjstem established here ; and it ought I , to finil equal favor even with those who espouse the cause of the Unpc< | House. ^ None but those who are f grossly ignorant of the value of the principles at stake, or those influ enced by treachery to colonial j„. uresis will look to the interference (it .tlie Home Government in order to arrive at a solution or the problem. On what grounds can it be defen sible to appeal to the Coloi.h] Office to settle a dispute which the people are quite capable of settling ihem I selves? A constitution has been granted to this dependency by the I imparial Government, or rather the j latter has endorsed a political system ( proposed by the colonists themselves. On the granting of the constitution 1 the only stipulation exacted by the Home Government was that rve should furnish a civil list to a ccrtain amount, and receiro a Governor of Imperial appointment. There is nothing either in the letter or the spirit of the airangements entered into with the Imperial authorities. io justify an appeal to them on dis pu ed questions that might possibly occur. It must be manifest to any person acquainted with colonial history that interference with colonial a/lairs has, on the part of the British Goveiumeut, been always the ex ception rather than the rule, in numerous instances the colonial go vernment have uctod in direct op position to the instructions and di rections of the Home Office, without drawing down upon them either re buke or censure. Convicts intended for our shores have been refused permission to land. Laws have been passed and acted on notwithstanding the threatened veto of the Home Office. In almost all eases the Colonial Office has given way for the very obvious reason that it is no part of the policy of the home govern ment to adjudicate on qnesUons of a complicated nature which cannot be understood from an English point of view ; and because to do so would be to extinguish the nascent life, and cripple the newly developed energies of the youthful progeny which "the wise and fostering parent wishes to assume the strength, vigor, and in dependence of the perfect man. We know that Mr Cardwell interfered and procured the recall of Sir Charles Darling;; but there is reason to know that this recall was admitted in Eng land to be a political blunder; and that could the act have been viewed in the light of subsequent events, a different construction might have been put upon the -Governor's eo.i ducf. The recent vacillating des patches of the Duke of Buckingham do not establish the fact that inter ference with our local quarrels forms any pait of the Imperial policy. These documents are couched in the language of diplomacy, which has been well defined to be an invention for concealing thought. The Duke resembles a man in a boat looking one way and rowing another; and we are much surprised if the Go vernor, iyho is probably as acute a diplomatist as his master, does not regard these Janus like instructions as susceptible of a twofold meaning. We doubt not the colonists will hold the Duke to his words, that the quar rel be decided localfy, and say that they are quite able to do it without Imperial interference. Wuat is the usual fate of quarrels whether on the part of individuals or communities ? Each party exhausts all its resources ot force, and the means of inflicting injury on its opponents. After a while the weakest gives way, or a ' compromise is effected. (.'an we j doubt that a similar result will follow the contest in which the two poli tical parties that divide the State are • •n»aged ? It is a conflict of opinion which must be decided in the ballot box ol the country, and not by any appeal to the home authorities. Several things will necessarily follow lrom this war of opinion. The mi nority must yield to the influence of the majority, or there will be an end to all settled government. The Go vernor having wooed in vain the as sistance of the nondescript party who have 110 influence in Purliamcnt or out of it, will be compelled to 'the majority who represent the wishes of the people. Although it is the province of the Crown to ask for supplies, it is (he prerogative of the Lower House to grant them, and it is competent for thera to grant or refuse; to complain or remonstrate ; 10 resent dictation or yield compli ance, just at the expressed will of the people shall prescribe their course of action. Above all it is the duty of the constituencies to be on the alert in case they should be called upon to ratify opinions previously ex pressed. To deny the right of the Home Office to suggest remedies for our political ills; or to intimate to the Queen's representative that one course of action would be preferable to another, would be to assume an altitude of surly independence for j which so young a colony is ill pre- j pared. All past history, however, establishes the fact that the Home government interferes most reluc tantly in colo.iial affairs •, and that wlieu they do interfere, it is more in thu way of instruction and suggestion, than dictation and command. Need we say that in leference to the pre sent political quatrel the people are strong in uumbers, and the justness of their cause ; and that nothing but union and determination are required to secure for their representatives the control for which their ancestors fought and bled, and of which they cannot be deprived by a minority, however powerful by wealth, or for midable by an apparent sympathy from men holding l.igh places in the Imperial Government. Saturday, 11th April, at 8 p.m., is the night of general jntry for the Rose dale races, when the stewards will bo in attendance at tha Rjsudalo Hotel. At iho Police Covrt, dale, on Friday, a man named James jlart was cburged first with being dnnk and disorderly and secondl}' with hreeny of a (saddle and bridle the property of Mr It. S. Taylor. When lit) was arrested on the first charge the bridle was found in his possession, and wasaibsequently churned by "Mr Taylor. I'ho accused could give no account «f how he became possessed of it, anl was sent to prison for seven days with hard labour. On the first charge 1b was fined five shillings, or in default twelve hours imprisonment. Or. Saturday, three individuals named James Chifoy, Agabus Burden, and Alexander Shaw, were severally dea.'t with on a charge of drunkenness at the race course on Fiiday. Several droves of fat cattlo from various Gippsland stations, have passed through Kosodale during the past week. They look in admirable condition. It has been said figuratively of the Vic torian soil, tickle it with a I100 and it will rejoice in an abundant harvest. It may bo truly said of the Gippsland pas tuies, if the cattle walk over them torn few months they get as fat as possible. Tho beef about here lately lias been disgustingly (at, and pickles and various other neutralizes of a dipose matter wro largely in requisition. No ilonbt the metropolitan stomach will find the way to digest this first instalment of fat meat from our pastures; Mr Edward Ivelsall has ceased to be registrar of marriages for the district of Alberton. The mining- manager of the Happy" fro-Lucky Company, Gippsland reports that the conti actors for driving of lower funnel 400(t, commenced work on the llth March—progress to date 45ft. In 1I10 upper workings after a heavy amount of preparatory labour in erod ing shute, tramway, &e.;, work was commenced on good piyable 6tono on the 13th, but had to he suspended on the 18th March on account of bad air which has compelled the sinking a shaft for the vontilation of the mine.. The manager of the Long-fellows I Gold-mining Company, Walbulla re- j ports on 1 ho 28th ult.:—"Since my report dated 28th February, eighty i seven tons of stone have been raised and crushed, yielding 29002. 15dwt. bar gold, equal to 3oz. Odwt. 20 gr. per | ton. The cross-cut from the bottom of the shaft has been driven fifty nine feet to the east, and is now in soft ground with some quartz leaders, and a good deal of water so the lode is probably close at hand." The following notico appears in the , Government Gazette, April 2nd: Notico iV hereby given that a petition for the winding-up of the Gippsland Lakes Navigation Company, by the Supreme Coui t. of tho Colony of Victoria, was on the 31st March, 1868, presented to his Honor Mr Justice Alolesworth, by the National Bank of Australasia, creditors of the said company, and that the said petition is directed to be heard before his Honor Mr Justice iVoles worth, on the 10th April, 1808 ; and any creditor or contributory of tho said company desirous to oppose tho making ot an order lor winding up tile said company, shall appear at the time of hearing by himself or his counsel for that purpose; and a copy of tha peti tion wil. be furnished <0 any creditor or contributory requiring tho same, on application to Messrs Malleson and England, Melbourne. The following agricultural areas are open for leasing on and after Wednes* day, 8th of April, at tho Land Ofiice, Bairnsdule, in the parishes of Bengwor deu, Buinberridi,Comgulmerang, Moor* mnrng, and Bairnsdido. At the land 1 office, Port Albsrt, in tho parishes of WoocWideaud Wonwron. At the laud ofiice, Sale, in the parishes of Nuntin, Sale, Toongabbie North, Winnindoo, Stratford, Yeorung, and Toongabbie South. select his responsible advisers At the last ordimr nseotxii"- of the Alberfnn Shire Coiinil, (Tuesday, the dlst jIqi cb,) no buness caul I bo transacted, thcro beig bu: tbreo coun cillors present, viz; tb President, Capt. olade,^ and Mr Nicol. Tho next in et; t mg will bo on Tuesday, tlie Htb inst. It is notified in the Gazette that tbe following licenses iiare been cancelled under tlie 42nd sectioi of the Amend ing Land Act, 186.:. At Sale nnd •Bairnsdale, i\0. o3| H0nry B r> Joseph Finch, T. ft. Molphy, D. „ 1e . ayden, Thomas Siielf. and"l(1rancis otftinforth. In tlie Supreme Cout, in Equity, on Thursday last, His Haior Judge AIolos worth gave judgnitnt in tbe suit Muicaliy and anotler v. Walhulla Mining Co. After renewing tbe far s, be made the fol!o\vii<r order :—flefcr it lo the Master to inquire and report whe'.ber John Hussej, in bill named, was out of the jurisdiction of this Court when the bill was amended by a sta:e r.,ilnt. lie whs so. If the Master shall £ mi in tbe affiinative, direct tbe [ master to tike an account of all gold and auriferous substance t;:ken or received bj*" the defendant company, which came cut of the plaintiffs' claim, that is to say a quadsihieral space, being a claim marked out by the plain tiffs, John Humphreys and ihe said John H«fsey,_ ou or about the 15th Fobruary, 1805, excluding' thereout so much thereof, if any, ns is properly comprised in tbe leuso of July 24th, ISO'S, is bill mentioned, and as is com prised in the portion marked blue in exhibit B.; also to take an account of tbe value of the said go Id ami auri ferous substance; also to take an account of nil damage and injury done to the plaintiffs' said claim or mine by reason of the mining operations or wilful nets of the defendan's, their servants or agents • and it is further oiderod that the said defendant com pany, its manager, directors, mining manager, nnd other servants and agents, bo perpetually restrained from driving, or otherwise mining in, or taking any gold, auriforous quartz, or other sub stance from under tbe above described claim, nnd that, if necessary, an in junction under tho seal of this Court may issue for that purpose ; and it is further ordered ibnt tho defendant, its mimager, directors, mining manage]*, and other servants nnd agents, do,"for the purposes of taking the said accounts and enforcing the snid injunction, per mit the plaintiff, John Humphreys, or such other person as he may by writing under bis hand appoint, with such ns" sistauce as he may reasonably require from time to time, at all reasonable times to enter through tho shaft of the defendants into their mine, and to inspect, their drives and workings, in order to ascertain how far the defendant company have worked or mined under tho said claim, nnd tor that purpose to US(\ descending a: d ascending tho engine and other machinery ordinarily employed for that purpose by tho said defendants ; and it is further ordered that the plaintiffs, their manager, and other servants and agents, do permit a person appointed in writing under tho hands of two of thy directors of the defendant company, tvitli such assist ance as ho may reasonably require from time to time, at all reasonable times to enter through the. shaft of th6 plainlifFs into thoir mine, and lo inspect thoir drives and workings, for the purpose of the said nccounts, and for that purpose to use in descending and ascending tho engine nnd other machinery ordinarily employed lur that purpose by the plain tiffs. And it is further ordered that all subsequent inspections after tha first by^ either party respectively, shall be at intervals of not loss than one week. Rtsarvo futlhur directions nnd costs. Liberty to apply.—Argus. Tho thus comments on tho politi cal situation :—The proposition that the limit to the exercise of the powers of Parliament is entirely at its own dis cietion, is, wo think, irrefragable Nothing has been done by either House which can be construed into a surrender of any right, privilege or prerogative, lho soundness of the Speaker's ruling on Tuesday week is more than doubtful, but he is not to be blaruod for upholding usages as much ns possible. That is what he is for. But the assembly must take a wider survey of its duties. The reason why image has nevor stood in tho way of compliance with the expressed pleasure of tho Crown, is because all such requests have been reasonable in I character, and have beon made in ac cordance with tho advice of responsible .Ministers. The events now passing are without parallel, and, strictly speak ing, there is no usage to be followed. When tba purpose for which these re peated adjournments are asked is takou into consideration, it must bo admitted that the majority in the Assembly have shown extreme courtesy to tho Crown and the Opposition. The Governor is engaged, with the assistance of a mamber who has proved false to his pledges in organising a Govern ment which shall be willing to enforce a policy supposed to bo dictated by a member of the Home Government in opposition to the reoratly expressed will of iha con stituencies ; and in order to accom plish that end, the assistant em ployed, Mr Riddell, has not scrupled to threaten, in the name of tho Crown, tho assembly with dissolution. Jfe has been declaring, virtually, if not in pio ciso terms, that if he is not permitted to form a Cabinot, tho Governor will givo somo one else the power to bring about an immediate dissolution. Wo do not suppose that Mr. Riddell is au thorised to hold out this threat, but h" is doing so, and it is requisite that tho fact should l>o known. That tho as serably should, in the face of such un constitutional attempts to coerce it, maintain a dignified reposo and allow full scope to tho plotters against its integrity, is an indication that tho task which Mr. Riddell has undertaken is a hopeless one. La>t evening wo had the pleasure ol being present at the first dress rehersal for I he complimentary concert to Mr W. H, Dnnne, nnd were surprised at the creditable manner in which tho amateurs acquitted themselves, Bones nod Tony especially. Tho concert will tnko place on Euster Monday (race night) and wo hope tho efforts of the amateurs will moat with tho cordial support of the community. The 8.9.,Murray left Port Albert on Wednesday, April 1, at 4 a.m, and anchored in Waterloo Bay at ten pan in a heavy westerly gale, with lmrd squalls of rain which continued Thursday. At three a.m. ou Friday tho wind moderated, and tho Murray steamed round tho Promotary at, four o'clock entered tire Port Phillip head at 8 p.m., arriving1 at the Queen Wharf at midnight. Captain Darby reports having had strong S.W. breezes tind a heavy sea all the run. It is the intpntion of the Board Education to appoint the following gentlemen members of the local com rnittee of the undermentioned Common Schools, unless reasonable cause shown to the contrary—Sale, Messrs William Thompson and William Foster Bainsdale, Rov. Araos Brazier. We some time since called attention to the state of the crossing place in Middle Creek, close to Hosedale on Melbourne road. At the present time there is one of the drays U3ed to carry forage for the coaeb horses lying in the crossiug with the axle broke and wheel lying by it. This is right in the rood of all traffic, and wheeled vehicles now passing have to make a detour and chance getting across the creek they "can. It is really time that the Government attended to one main road or wo shall be nearly isolated from Mel as we were last winter, Yesterday tho policeman stationed' Toongabbie, brought a man named Rawhngs into Sa'e and lodged him the lock-up charged with larceny of saddle tho property of Mr M. Trovers It appears that this saddle was missed sonio two \vnis ftgo and was recognized by Mr Williams of Toongabbi e, on boing" brought to him* for rcpoii The prisoner is the fathorof tho young man ltawlings who was a few wooks ago committed for trial on three separate charges of larceny. A man was brought into tho Hospital yestcrJay, suffering from a wound re ceived while riding in the bush. Ha had sustained a severe larceration of the leir occasioned by coining in contact with a limb of a tree. It is hoped that the injurios ho has sustained will not lead to any serious results. Messrs Pearson, English and- Peck offered for sale at their yards, Fostei street, Sale, yesterday, some blood stock, the properly of Win. Pear^n Esq., of Iiilmnny Park. The lot com prised fillies, goldings nnd entires, the get of some of the host blood horses in the colony, but despite the quality of tho offers, very few buyers presented themselves. Only three out of some fifteen were sold and those at very low prices. If tho people of Gippsland loose a chance sucb as was offered to tliera yesterday, it is their own fault if they cannot competo with nr Pearson on tho Gippsland Turf. Mr. Aspinall has written to the Syri ncy Moinbiy Ilerald, complaining of tho telograins which appuared in tin Age and Ilerald, of Thursday last to the effect ibat arrangements had beon made to hoot and hiss him on his ar rival hero, nsthey were calculated to bo a source of alarm to his wife and family. The doubts which have existed for the past week or two of tho Duke of Edinburgh's intentions havo at Inst beon set at rest, and it is now announced a* definitely settled that his Roval Highness will sail from honoa on Satur day next direct for England. It is thought that the Dtike has been led to this determination in order to allay the feeling of anxiety which would doubt less be created in the mind of Her Ma. jesty if bo remained longer in the co lonies ufter the news of O'Farrell's sMtempt at assassination had reached England. A writer in the Age remarks on tho fact, that there isr plenty of money There is at the present time a tightness in the money markot, arising from tho stoppage of supplies, and all kinds of expedients are resorted to to raise funds, even at oxtreme rutos of interest in some cases. Now, Sir, if tho numbers of people who hold shares in building sooieties were to look at their own re sources, they would find that I hey can avail themselves of two means of ob taining tho use of their own monoy on very easy terms. First, then, they can withdraw a portion or the whole, as may seem best, of the money paid, and have a nice little bonus ndded' thereto j or, secondly, they can borrow on their scrip, and havo the opportunity of paying oif the amount by easy in stalments of LI per month for every L120 received, and, derive tho bone fit of the profits uiade by the society —thus dealing with thomselves and their own money. The llav. Patrick Simpson has re signed his charge of tho Presbyterian congr egation of Horsham, nnd has been loosed irom his charge by the presbytery at the Wimmura, He proceeds to Englund by the Norfolk. Wo havo dates from Queensland to tho 28th ult. At Leyburn, on St. Patrick's D.iy, a disgraceful out! ■ago I was committed in the broad daylight in one of the principal stivers, and almost under the vory eyes of the police. On the day referred to—the ]7th i}[ March—the proprietor of tho Royal Mail hoiel c-jused the Union Jack flag to be hoisted in front of his house, and during the afternoon of that day the flag was torn down, trampled upon, und finally burned in the principal ihoroughfare of tho town. The Creswidc and Clunes Advertiser jsprcsees some doubt ns to the relia bility of the agricultural returns now being prepared for tho Registrar-Ge neral ; and lie gives a reason for his scepticism—"Even when the Victorian statistics have beon all collected (?) they will hot be very reliable; a larger quantity of produce being held in reality than appears flotn the returns referred to. As an instance, we know a portion of this district and not an in significant one either, where up to this date, contrary to their instructions, no collector lias asked for or got a Solitary return. If there are—as is but too likely-—other districts siniilarly neg lected, the agricultural statistics will bo unreliable and will mislead, giving less than the actual stocks in hand or yields realised by the farmers. True, a gazette notice, copied into the news papers, requests those farmers unvisited to report the matter and send in their own returns; but; how many of them will take the trouble? And, yet the returns will be quoted as Victorian Agiicultural Statistics!" At the Indignation meeting racontly held in Adelaide (say the Observer) the following were the concluding remarks of the Roman 'Catholic Vicar General, tho Rev. J". Smith, referring to the late outrage on Prince Albert—" I'lie bar barous act will strike deep into the heart of our'beloved Queen—the heart thathas been seared with sorrow that has never thoroughly healed since the day they placed the Prince's father in the grave. It will open her wounds afresh, to know that a man—I am sorry that he was a man; he ought to have been a fiend from boll—that could in the blood of tho gentle, amiable, kind Prince imbrue his hands, in order, also, to strike a dagger into flik heart of a mothor. (Chrers.) I feel that I am trespassing unduly on your time. (Cries ol " No.") It is hard to let our jiain bo felt (or which wo cannot find language; but I feel pleasure in giving my humble support to tho resolution." His Excellency the Earl of Bolmoro gave a dinner on Friday night, at Go vernment houso Sydnoy, at which II.R.H. the Duke of Kdinburgh and Iler Majesty's Ministers were present. His Royal Highness was congratulated on all sides on his speedy recovery. Information is requested by the police respecting Robert Anstruther Goodsir, brother of the late Professor Gooiisir, ol' Edinburgh. Hb left Mel bourne £,in the month of August last en route for Fiji Islands, but it is sup posed that he did not got further than bydnoy.^iHo is a confirmed drunk ard . A tradesman,- who does not wish his nnirio to bo published, has forwarded to Mr Via), of Sydney, through his Ex cellency KarlJ Bolinore, a magnificent gold watch, chain, and lockot, in ap preciation of his noble conduct in hav ing seized the would-be assassin of tho Duke of Edinburgh. I ho (jurst'ion of tho continuance of the subsidy to tho Panama mail eervico by ihe J\ew &omh; Wales Government was brought up in the Assembly and from the remarks made by hon. mem ber.'! it appeals likely that the subsidy « ill bo discontinued on the termination of tho present contract. Tho following notice, on the subject of tho agricultural statistics for tho sea soa 1807-8 has been issned by the re gistrar-general ;—" Tho retnms of agri cultural fctatistics being now duo at this office, any occupier ot an allotment of purchased or leased land of a larger extent than one acre, who has not been called upon by a collector, is requested to notify the samo without delay to the undersigned, in order that steps may bo immediately taken to rectify tho omission." Tho smuggling of gold from Queens land (duty unpaid of coursej has been carried on to such an extent that the Government hnvo lately appointed fe malo searchers to examine tha clothing of nil females leaving tho colony a task which tbs searchers have been un ablo to accomplish. ' Iu tho first two months of tha present yonr 770 persons wore sent for from the United Kingdom under the immigra tion regulations, in tho following pro portions From England and Wales, t'95; fiom Scotland, 72; and from Ireland, 403. I It is notified in tho Gazette that the , allotments doclared by the Govcrnor- iu- j Council forfeited for nonpayment of j rent duo during the months of Novem bor and December last, will te re-pro claimed opened for leasing at the several land offices, on Wednesday, the 8th day of April next. " T'ose who take an interest in crim inal history,' says tho. Wagga Wagga Kxpress, " would perhaps like to hear a word or two about' Blue Cap,' of bush ranging notoiioty. This worthy has bnen an inmato of our gaol for some months and in tho prospect of his nearly approaching trial has, we understand, becomo much depressed. The Southern Cross brings-nows from Hobart Town and Launceston to the 31st ult. Referring to Captain Gilmore's negotiations on behalf of the Tasmanian Government with tho Telegraphic Con stiuctfon and Maintenance Company, the Mercury says :—" The company would enter into no contract in which tho war risks were to be thrown upon them, and Captain Gilmore had to con cede that point, despite tho decision arrived at by Parliament last session. A Brisbane telegram, dated 27th March, contained much news in little compass" Largo sales of Crown lands in the East and West Moreton district are gazetted. Eagan a warden in the penal establishment, has been dismissed lor Fenian oympathies. He liable account stato that the Kolan "'ffff'nga oro a complete failure; there wore three thousand men on the ground on tha 24th iust. They are all going to leave, and havo uttered threats against the prospectors, All is quiet at tho last accounts." The Yass Courier contributes thd folio wing sensational writing anent the recent murders at the Gap:—" As might have been naturally supposed, superstition has planted a ghost at tha scene of this fearful tragedy. We mentioned in our last issue that the liouso in which tha murders were com mitted had been abandoned, and that, the t man who. had tnken oliarge of Conroy'a sheep had located himself in the detached building from which Mrs Conroy Lad emerged on tha fatal night only to meet the safae doom as her husband and others. Since then it would appear that some persons had temporarily taken up their abode in tha main building, and on the first night oi their sleeping there, a hand—des cribed as heavy as that cf . a human creature—passdd over their bodies while they laid in bed- Cn the second night, by the light of the fire in the placo where the shepherd slept, a figure dressed in binck was seen in the room where tha murders were perpetrated. So alarmed were all those at tho form house that tbey have; abandoned the placo, and have pitched, their camp, on the bank of the creek. It is supposed that as socn as the eldest son, has administered to his father's effect*, if •tho old man died intestate he would have the good sense and discretion to pull down the whole of the buildings and consume them by fire. Such a course would probably bo pandering to superstitious instincts, but as eucll cannot be ordinarily overcome, it would be better to adopt the cotirse pointed out than leave srtoh a monument of the atrocities as would remind passers-by of the scene of so much barbarity. The prisoner Munday continues to exhibit no remorse and is seemingly quite rational on the subject of his past atrocious career. The tnedical officer of the gaol Dr O'Connor, is perfeotly satisfied as to the culprit'B insanity ; but we suppose that when he is put upon his trial the jury will bo directed to take evidenco as to his ability to plead. i Tha Ararat Advertiser has the fol lowing showing the necessity for some speedy alteration in the land law ; —" It is not unlikely that numbers of poor selectors will, this season, gfind considerable difficulty in paying their rents; considering the disadvantages under . which they labored, they will naturally seek every indulgence at the hands of tho Government. Al though in some parts of thfc country I many farmers have realised, or expect to realise; remunrativa rettirns on their J grain crops, yet there are other places where crops were r.6t pnt in, and the lessee depended wholly on his Slieep far J succoss. The poor prices which sheep and wool have fetched this year will considerably retard the progress of many, and place them in as struggling a position as that which they occupied the year before. The rents of the land are fell by numbers to be n great drag upon their resources, and with not a few it will bo next to. impossible to meet their engagements. Men who have given all'their capital and time in the attempt to improve their holdings in comformity with the stipulations of the existing Land Act, and very seri ously harassed, and no doubt one effort will ba made to prevail the Government to accept instalments of tho money now duo." 3 The Ballarat Star says that " the amonnt of building now going cn in Ballarat is greater perhaps than was ever in progress before at auy time, and labor and materials have risen in value or else even larger additions still would be now making to our uvbnn architec ture." The Ballarat Star writes:—"A number of gentlomen met at the stores of Messrs'H. and 9. Gibbs, to test a tin of the mutton preserved by Mr S. S. Ilitcbie's process, The trial tin opened contained a whole leg of . mut ton without bono. It has beep pre served for two months, and'when turned out was all that could be wished. It appears that at present the company finds a difficulty in procuring tins, and hence the fuot that none of the pre served meat has previously made its way to Ballarat. Tha sum of £3779 19s 9d. has been contributed) towards the relief of the sufferers from the late disastrous floods in New South Wales by Victorian colonists, and a balance of over £1000 remains to tho credit of the commit- • tee. The Australasian says:—Our agricultural friends have a perfect right to obtain the vory best price for then produce, and wo congratulate them on the fact .that they are likely to get a better return for their grain than was the cose last boason. Still, if they aro wise they will not force the market up to too high a pitch. They have dona bo before, and instead of profiting by the transaction they sold themselves. Tho high rates which were temporarily established caused the colony to bo flooded with importations of foreign ! wheat;—to the dismay of those who were holding for '• just another shil ling a bushel," prices came down with oven greater rapidity than they had gono up, and wheat for which 10s per bushal had been refused hud to bp sold for something /ess than half that figure. An inclination to act in a lika foolish manner has already mani fested itself. We learn that in some of the country districts' millers, although offai ing from 7s to 7s 3d per bushel, can scarcely obtain enough corn to kobp their mills going, farmers believing that by holding they will got 10s. This is scarcely a wise proceeding; 7s a bushel is not a bad price; andtuosa who refuse it may find a worse thing to come upon them. If wheat goes up to 10s we are pretty sure to have large arriyals £from abroad, and then thoso who now refuse a fair offer, will mourn over tbeir folly. It is stated that the flow from tho chalyboate spring at Daylesiord is equal tc> 12,000 gallons in every twenty-lour hoursj Tho water is effervescent, aad has an agreeabla taste, 