THE ELECTIONS. MESSRS. ROBERTSON AND FORSTER AT PORT MACQUARIE. [From our special iiErouTnu.] Just about sunrise the morning of Thursday the 12th instant, the Agnes Irving- having been under easy steam all night in order that we might not make Port Macquarie before daylight arrived off the pilot station at the entrance to that picturesque but somewhat inaccessible harbour. The steamer could not enter the port, or, rather was too long to turn without danger of grounding in the narrow channel; and so Captain Creer signalled for a pilot boat to convey passengers ashore, and cast anchor in the bight, just under the hill' on which the signal station is perched conspicuously. There was scarcely a breath of wind to ruffle the placid sea, which, notwithstanding its apparent calmness, broke heavily upon the harbour bar, and sent up showers of spray about the brows of the rugged mass of rock which guards the southern shore of the bay. The scene was very beautiful and indeed, there are few places upon the coast more picturesque than Port Macquarie. The high land, gifted with a multitude of gaping chasms, and covered with a bright mantle of many-tin ted foliage ; the restless seas tossing fretfully upon the time-worn rocks, advancing with a triumphant roar, and anon retreating with a matter of baffled anger ; the glorious sun sending his golden, glances through the spray, and sprinkling splendours on the venerable hills ; the old windmill on the cliffs, and the tiny cottages dimly seen here and there among the trees-these bits of rural beauty, backed up by distant ranges of mountains, whose dim peaks rose up against the cloudless sky, made up a perfectly beautiful picture. It was, however, seen for a very short time only for before the Agnes living's anchor was down a thick fog came rolling off the land, and shut out from the view everything which was more than a couple of hundred feet distant. In a few moments the pilot boat, manned by five men, came along side, and those who were disposed to visit the shore prepared to embark in that frail craft. Messrs. Robertson and Forster, with one or two other gentlemen, having been tumbled into the boat, at Borne risk of a ducking, were rowed into the port, and landed on a little strip of beach, under the lee of the bluff on which the pilot station is placed. The fog was still so thick that on climbing the hill, nothing could be seen but the courage of the boatmen, and some shadowy indications of a dilapidated fence. There was a broad road, however, which was said to be the main street of the town, and which was supposed to lead to some place, where there was a dense population and a perfect throng of public buildings. Along this thoroughfare, therefore, the party proceeded, and soon came in sight of Port Macquarie gaol, which, seen through the thick vapour, was not unlike a very dark storm cloud. Then the Scotch ? church came in sight ; a huge misshapen mass of brickwork, which seemed large enough for Sydney. Then there was the Church of England building, equally large and equally ugly, with a square tower at one end and a wilderness of church- yard all round it. Now and then, the visitor passed some tumbledown hovels, which seemed to have been left by the roadside, by a mistake, and which looked on that dismal morning unutterably woebegone and wretched. Presently these desolate tenements began to appear in greater numbers. Groups of them, all of the same pattern, evidently designed by the same architect, and all going rapidly to decay, were passed ; while here and there the mouldering hovels were fronted with scraps of garden, protected by palisades, behind which a few dissipated fuschias and verbenas were struggling man- fully to bloom amid a thicket of weeds. All this looked very dismal and when the strangers, having walked about half a mile or so, came suddenly upon a couple of the residents of the locality, they were not surprised to find them extremely melancholy of aspect, and morosely uncommunicative. They soon after came to a cross street, and met some more of the residents, who seemed as much startled by the appearance of four or five human beings in their midst, at 6 o'clock in the morning, as if we were so many wild animals who had invaded the district for the purpose of devouring the fattest of its inhabitants. At last, however,? a house of entertainment for man and beast was dis- covered and we proceeded to make ourselves comfort- able, and get some breakfast. The thick fog prevented us from seeing anything of Port Macquarie, on our first introduction to it but about 9 o'clock the mist cleared away, and then the place appeared to great advantage. It was once upon a time a town of great importance, and though its glory has departed-or is at any rate in a very faded condition-its public buildings are big and ugly enough even for the metropolis itself. They are wonderful edifices those public buildings at Port Macquarie and they wear such traces of broken down gentility, such badges of architectural conservation, such painful evidences of having seen better days, that there is something extremely depressing in their aspect. They are like the dilapidated garment, which, once the ornament of an aristocratic back, has in its second or third hand stage, descended on to the shoulders of a beggar. The gloomy untenanted piles are a misfit for the little town, which seems quite miserable and abashed, under the shadow of their im- perial walls. They are all built of brick. There is not a wooden house, save it may be a corn- shed or table in the place and there is not a building save the asylum, gaol and churches, which is not put to some use for which it was never intended, and which does not seem to be lamenting its degraded and desolate condition. The Post Office was once, no doubt, a fine building and had its use ; but now it is half empty and one corner only is occupied. The two public-houses of the city-and, judging from their deserted looks, one would imagine that the good people of Fort Macquarie have a strong antipathy to in texicating liquor-must have been most imposing edifices, but now they are completely shorn of their grandeur, and reduced to a state of irretrievable readiness. There are produce stores as large as a Sydney bank, as empty as a balloon, and as wretched of aspect as any rookery upon "The Rocks." There are private houses, which must have been built for genteel people with large families, but which now serve as the homes of vulgar people without families at all and whose inhabitants occupy a couple or so of rooms, leaving the greater portion of the house empty and bare. There are plenty of vacant buildings, some of which, if they could be transplanted to less rural cities, would save a deal of expense for Government offices. It appears that Fort Macquarie was some years ago a convict settlement, and that all these big buildings were erected by the Government in the days of convictism. Thus the Asylum for the Infirm and Destitute was originally a prison house, the Public school is located in the old military barracks, and what was once a guard house is now a Roman Catholic chapel. There is no doubt that Fort Macquarie is one of the prettiest places upon the coast of New South Wales. The country bears some resemblance to the Illawarra scenery, and is quite as picturesque. The little town is built upon a piece of hilly ground which lies to the south of the Hastings River, and stands upon the shores of a beautiful bay whose waters are fringed with silver sands. The view from the higher parts of the township is very wild and romantic ; the forests broken here and there with mountain peaks, while in the far distance the ranges rise over each other in endless variety. The district is capitally adapted for the growth' of sugar cane, and some extensive plantations are to be seen about five miles from, the township. Wheat is not largely cultivated, as it does not do well. Shortly after their arrival in the township the Ministers were visited by Captain Sinclair, the Police Magistrate, who, learning that they intended inspect- ing the various public institutions of the place, proffered to drive them round to those establishments in his dogcart. As there would have been considerable difficulty in returning to the steamer if much time was spent on shore, Messrs. Robertson and Forster at once accepted Captain Sinclair's offer, and under his guidance proceeded forthwith to explore the interiors of the asylum, gaol, Public school, and Other similar buildings. The < Id Court-house was first visited as it was nearest of the centre of the town. This is a very dilated; and place indeed, and looked both internally and ext: nally as though it were in the very last stages of decay. The verandahs were choked up with piles of bricks, plaster, and other debris, and the inner walls were as dingy as damp and neglect could make them. This is the place in which the nomination is to? come off on Monday next, and I should fancy that it will be almost the closing scene of this seedy old ruins career, as a Court-house. It is to be degraded into a stable for the police horses, and the very magisterial dais itself is about to become the depository of cattle fodder. There is a new Court-house in course of erection with- in a stone's throw of the old one. It is a very neat building, built of brick, and nearly completed. The walls are all but finished, and a part of the edifice is roofed. A rather awkward mistake, however, has been made in the plan of this Court-house. No provision has been made for jury rooms, and as those apartments are indispensably necessary, they will have to be added on to the main building. The old Court house and the new are close to the sea beach, and a stand in the midst of a weird-looking shrubbery, which in some very far-off years may have been a blooming garden, but which is now a very dismal place indeed. There is the ruin of an old tannery close at hand a very spectre of a building, a place which supposing t that ghosts have a partiality for rottenness and desolation, is admirably adapted for spirits to revel in. Near the Court-house the party was joined by Dr. Neild, the medical superintendent of the asylum and gaol, under whose guidance the former institution was then inspected. The Asylum for the Infirm and Destitute is about the finest range of buildings in Port Macquarie, and is in excellent repair, although very old. It is built of brick, and stands upon the slope of a steep hill, whose base is washed by the breakers. The wall of the court-yard runs right down to the water's edge. Originally, this was the prisoners' barrack, but it was long since turned to other uses, and has been for some years past an asylum. The buildings and court- yard are divided into two equal portions, the one being allotted to the female, and the other to the male inmates. The dispensary, offices, &c;, are on the women's side and the entrance to this portion, which is the outermost part of the establishment, is through a very wide arched gateway. In the court yard were seen a large number of women, most of whom were very old and feeble. A few were doing Borne light work, others were reading | or otherwise amusing themselves, but by far the largest number were obviously incapable of doing any 0 ing either to aid others Mr lighten the monotony of their own existence. The ground-floor of the interior \> as found to contain the women's mess-rooms and the hospital ward, the latter being pretty full of patients. On the story above were the dormitories and lavatories, which seemed to be kept in good order, and perfectly clean. The men's portion of the asylum was the counterpart of that just described-the mess-rooms and hospital ward being on the ground-floor, and the dormitories above. There was, however, an additional building of one story erected almost at right angles to the main edifice, and containing a mess-room and dormitory. Most of the inmates were idling about. Some were sweeping the yard, and Borne were cutting wood, but a great many were too infirm to do any work whatever. There are, at present, about ninety men and forty women in the institution, which is by no means full, as it affords ample accommodation to 200, or even more, inmates. The site seems healthy, although Dr. Neild appears to think that the sea air is detrimental to some of his patients. He also pointed out to Mr. Robertson that some additional hospital accommodation was necessary, as it was highly injurious to patients suffering from lung disease to breathe the somewhat impure air of the general sick ward. He also suggested the erection of an uncovered balcony along the back of the building, so that the inmates could go out and exercise themselves. The view from the upper story is very fine, overlooking the ocean, the harbour, and the mouth of the Hastings River. There is, it is said, some difficulty in exercising a proper control over the patients, who can demand to be released from the place at any time, and who often, in a fit of ill-temper, take themselves off. There is no efficient mode of punishing refractory inmates, and if one assaults another, the offender must be summoned to the police office, and dealt with in the ordinary way. The poor people seem to be well cared for, end to be as contented as unfortunates can be in such a position. Great order and cleanliness is every- where manifested, and the institution is evidently well managed. It is at present under the charge of Mr. and Mrs. Armstrong. 1 The Gaol was the next place inspected, and there | also the visitors found everything in apple-pie order. The gaol is a square building, built of brick, and capable of holding 120 prisoners. There are at present only sixty confines fifty-eight men and two women. After visiting the office of Mr. Gates, the gaoler, and inscribing their names in the visitors' book, Messrs. Robertson and Forster, accompanied by Dr. Neild, Captain Sinclair, and Mr. Gates, proceeded to inspect the various wards. They were first shown the cells, in which were two refractory prisoners undergoing punishment for misbehaviour. One of these men requested Mr. Robertson to have him moved to some other prison, a a petition which Mr. Gates seconded, by suggesting that the man should be sent to Berrima, as he was an incorrigible offender. The cells were all very clean. In the wards the prisoners were drawn up in line to receive the visitors, and they certainly seemed anything but pleased at the visit. The wards were all in perfect order, and as clean as they could possibly be. In each yard there is a large underground tank, 13 feet deep and 16 feet wide, so that the water supply is plentiful. The walls of the prison are of brick, lined on the inside with hardwood planks, the outer walls being additionally strengthened by sheets of iron placed between the brickwork and the wood. There are iron spikes placed over the gates which afford access to the various yards, and the windows of the cells are guarded by transverse bare. The cookhouse was the only part of the establishment with which any fault could be found, and that was so ill-ventilated as to be full of steam, and rested almost unbearably. It seems strange that while other gaols are over-crowded this one should not be half lull. After leaving the gaol, Messrs. Robertson and Forster paid a visit to the Pilot Station, where they saw nothing more interesting than a row of huts, a flagstaff, and a watch-box. The flagstaff stands upon the top of a high hill, which forms a peninsula, and ! is reached by means of a bridge across a deep gully separating the hill from the main land. The Public school, which is carried on in a building formerly occupied as a military barracks, and which is in a very healthy part of the town-a high ridge overlooking the ocean and the boy was then inspected. It seemed to be in a very satisfactory state, and the children attending it looked as neat, clean, and orderly as could be desired. The school is under the charge of Mr. Thomas Lobban, who is assisted by Miss Vick and a pupil teacher. | There are 65 boys and 32 girls on the roll for this year, and the average attendance is said to be about 30\. There was a Church of England school in the town, but it has long since ceased to exist, and this Public school is therefore the only place to which the children can be sent. A The Ministers expressed themselves well sa is fled with all they saw, and were particularly lavish of their admiration upon the scenic beauties of Port Macquarie and its orderly aspect. The population ' appears to be smell, and the public-house trade seems to be in a very low condition. Unfortunately the harbour is not good. It is difficult of access, the passage over the bar being dangerous when there is a north-east wind blowing, and the channel being very narrow. The Hastings River, which has its outlet near the town, is navigable for about sixteen miles above its mouth. The streets are well drained, and the sewers must have been costly. There is no municipal council, the residents having refused to accept the blessings of municipal institutions. The telegraph line has not yet reached the Port, but the posts are erected, and in a short time the wires will be stretched and in use. As there was some danger of the wind and tide preventing the pilot boat from returning to the steamer if its departure were too long delayed, Mr. Robertson left the Port shortly before 11 o'clock, and, after taking him on board, the Agnes Irving at once not up her anchor and continued her journey. Mr. Forster remained at Port Macquarie, in order to attend the nomination, which took place on the following Monday. 