FRIDAY, JULY, 1868. It is with the sincerest gratification, that we announce that some reasonable probability of terminating the deadlock at last exists. Mr. SLADEN stated last night in the Council that " the Ministry " felt themselves justified in advising " the GOVERNOR to recommend the vote " for Lady DARLING, in the confident " hope that, by this course, an arrange " ment may be arrived at in the As " sembly that will, in all probability, " lead to the termination of the conflict " between the two Chambers of the Legis " lature." In accordance with this statement the Treasurer brought down to the Assembly the requisite message. Nothing is as yet known of the terms upon which this course has been arranged, and it would be therefore premature to enter upon any speculative discussion of the subject. All that we can do is to express our most anxious hope that both Houses will deal with the subject in a spirit of moderation and mutual forbearance. The distress which this crisis is producing in every part of the country, and in every class of the community, is too serious to admit of further delay. It is incumbent therefore upon every member of both Houses to use his best efforts to restore the government of the country to its normal condition. There is only one possible method, as we have so often pointed out, by which this can be done. Compromise is the great saving principle of all constitutional Governments. Both parties must be prepared to make concessions. The Ministry have shown that they are willing to go to very great lengths for the sake of peace ; but until recently a malign influence has deterred the Opposi- tion from making any answering sign. We believe that the spell is now broken, and we wait with interest indeed but with confidence, for the announcement of the concessions which the Assembly, acting we are sure in all good faith, is prepared in its turn to offer. We cannot, of course, pretend to explain the marvellous change which has so suddenly come over our political horizon. We do not know why a message which was refused on Friday should be spontaneously offered on Thursday, This is not the first time in this matter that the present Ministry have shown that they know neither when to stand firm nor when to yield. This, however, is only a matter which affects the personal reputation of the Ministers themselves. They must be left to take care of their own political characters. We are too much pleased that the course which we advised a week ago has been at length adopted to grumble because the right thing has been done at the wrong time. It is enough that it has been done. The Opposition have now all that they want. The whole responsibility of the future rests with them. If they follow Mr. HIGINBOTHAM they will have only themselves to blame if Lady DARLING never obtains a sixpence of the promised grant. If they are content to assert their independence, and to discuss the question like reasonable men before they vote for it, there is a fair prospect of success. It is idle to dread the ghosts of forgotten speeches. In politics, no man can and no man ought to pledge himself irrevocably to any given course. Politics is not an exact science, where the truth, when once it is ascertained, remains the truth in all times and in all places. The art of government implies the attainment of a particular end; and the means which are suitable for attaining this end vary as often and as much as the circumstances of the time vary. Our opinion, for example, of the impropriety of the Darling grant has never altered j but we support that grant because we think that this course at present offers greater facilities than any other for carrying on the Government of the country. So in like manner those who pledged themselves to include the Darling vote in the Appropriation Bill, spoke without knowing the circumstances that soon after were to render their pledge impossible of fulfilment. Some assistance in dealing with this matter may perhaps be derived from the opinion of the person most nearly concerned in it. We publish in another part of this issue a letter to The Times from Sir CHARLES DARLING. It is plain that the late Governor never regarded or desired to regard this grant as a vote of censure, either upon the Legislative Council or upon the Executive Councillors, or upon any other person. He insists that " in " its inception it was simply a " measure of personal relief." He admits the exceptional character of the grant, but rests its defence upon the simple ground that his position was one of extreme difficulty and that in such a position, by reason of our political conflicts, he sustained a heavy loss. There is nothing in his letter, from the beginning to the end, about the asser- tion of the exclusive privileges of the Assembly in matters of finance, or about the difference between a bare legal right and a constitutional right. This letter, then, comes opportunely to remove many difficulties. If the Assembly will admit that the Darling grant is meant merely as a compensa- tion for a loss which our own foolish quarrels have occasioned, and that it is not intended to express either approval or disapproval of any political acts either of Sir CHARLES DARLING or of any other person and if the Council has proper opportunity for full and free discussion of the subject, unembarrassed by the presence of any other matter, we do not know what further ground of controversy exists. These are in effect the principles of the compromise which many months since Mr. IRELAND ineffectually proposed. The feelings of both parties were then too excited to render such a compromise possible. But these are the true conditions upon which a settlement of the question can be obtained and if the substance of them is honestly accepted, -weÇ^jîiot disposed to cavil upon mere points of form. That form of proceed- ing is the best which will most quickly bring the dispute to an honourable end. There is perhaps no subject which at the present time is exciting more interest than the question how the surplus meat of one country can best be made available for the supply of the wants of other less favoured portions of the world. The vast plains of South America teem with millions of cattle, thousands of which are annually slaughtered for their hides alone, whilst in the several colonies of Australia meat is so plentiful that for the first time since the discovery of the gold-fields boiling-down has become an established industry. Whilst such is the state of affairs in some parts of the globe, in others there is an alarming and constantly increasing deficiency of meat as an article of food. The national meat supply of England is now regarded as a matter of vital importance to the welfare of the country, and some of the most celebrated amongst the scientific men of the day have been directing their attention to the manner in which the deficiency can be best supplied. In a paper read before the Society of Arts, in February last, Mr. WENTWORTH L. SCOTT estimates that at the most moderate computation the deficiency in the supply of meat, for London alone, amounts to 102,000,0001b. per annum, whilst in order that the population of Great Britain should be well and properly fed, he calculates that an addition to the existing meat supply would be required of 3,544,330,0001b. annually. If we except a few years during the great European war, meat since 1865 has been dearer in England than has ever been known before. In 1735 the contract price for the supply of Greenwich Hospital was 16s. 11d. per cwt. the tender accepted on the 1st of January last was at the rate of £3 10s. per cwt. Since the years 1850 and 1851 the prices of beef and mutton in the London market have increased 33 and 36 percent, respectively. The question, however, does not resolve itself into one affecting the mere cost of living. With a large proportion of the home population it is a question of being able to support life stall. Dr. FARR, in a paper read sometime since, before the Statistical Society of London, demonstrated that, taking all England, for every thirteen deaths that occurred in the years when the average price of wheat was low, fourteen occurred when 'Coin was dear Mr. SCOTT tells us that the meat statistics point in the same direction" that the rate of mortality " rises with the cost of food staples, or, " in other words, that they who take a *" fraction off the price of meat save the " lives of thousands of their country " men." It is estimated that in Great Britain 23,000 persons die annually from insufficiency of food and even this is not the end of the evil, for it is a well established fact that the energy, industry, intelligence, welfare, and wealth of a people, must depend upon a proper standard of nutrition being maintained. That such a state of things as we have but partially described should exist, that persons should be dying in one part of the world for want of a substance which in another is so plentiful as, comparatively speaking, to be almost r worthless, is certainly a strange anomaly, Some attempts have been made to remedy it, but none have been equal to the occasion. The difficulty of preserving, meat in a condition fit for human food has hitherto presented an almost insurmountable obstacle to supplying the wants of one country by the produce of another. Something has been done by the old plan of pickling in brine, and something by means of meat preserved in hermetically sealed tins. Neither of these plans, however, supplies the want. Meat preserved by the Bonner method loses a large portion of its most nourishing and valuable const parents, and is not nearly so wholesome as an article of food. Besides, in hot climates, such as South America and Australia, it is very difficult at certain Seasons of the year to cure meat, even with salt, and a very considerable per Ventage must be written off for loss occasioned by tainted parcels. The progress of preserving in air-tight tins is also Upo expensive to permit of its being carried out on a scale of sufficient magnitude to have any effect on the meat supply of Great Britain. In act, until within the last few months, no practical or feasible plan had been suggested by which the famishing thousands of Great Britain and of other European countries could be fed by the surplus stock of America and Australia. Such a plan, however, is now before us ; and if all that has been prognosticated gSncerning it-and apparently on very good grounds proves correct, an entire revolution will be effected in the meat markets of the world. I Bisulphite of lime has been used for some little time, in order to pre "right accross fermentation in wine and beer. This agent is now being displayed to preserve meat, and all Sore experiments hitherto tried have been followed with the most remarkable success A patent for the new process has "been taker. £ by Messrs. MEDLOCK and BAILEY, of London, audit bids fair soon to be in common use in every quarter of the world. There is no mystery about it. Any housewife can preserve a leg of mutton by the process in a couple of Minutes, and it is as efficacious in the case of poultry and fish as with beef and mutton. Carcases of sheep, or sides of Pact, may be cured whole or in the most minute portions. We have been fa vowed with the perusal of private let- store, received a short time since by a PMfee firm in Melbourne from their London correspondents, and the re- pose there given of some of the trials which have been made are ever- ily of the most surprising character. Messrs. MtíDlocK and BAILEY appear to have been carrying on their experiments for some time, and the correspondent to whom we refer, says that in March last he tasted mutton and poultry which had been treated in this manner on the 5th of January, 1867, or fifteen months previously, and he declares both to have been " as sweet as a " nut, and the flesh as soft as though " just killed." Four sheep were killed under the direction of the Society of Arts, the flesh was preserved with the bi- sulphide and tried at different times, and at every trial the meat proved excellent. Some meat treated in this way has been taken to Constantinople in the heat of summer, and brought back to London, and then found as fresh as ever. Indeed, every possible trial appears to have been made, and all have turned out eminently satisfactory. In the paper read by Mr. SCOTT before the Society of Arts, which we have before quoted from that gentleman, alluding to this new discovery, says ; " In this preparation I believe we have " the means of converting to our use " the enormous meat stores of Aus " tralia and South America, and I " look forward with confidence to see ing beef and mutton imported for " sale at from 2d. to 3d. per lb., of " a quality equal to any we can now " procure." Not one of the least of the changes which will be effected by this new discovery will be in the victualling of ships. It will not be necessary to carry live stock on the one hand, nor on the other will the poorer class of passengers and the crew be almost entirely confined to salted provisions. Fresh meat may be secured during the entire voyage, no matter how long it may be, at far less expense than is incurred under the present system. The Messageries Imperiales have already ordered a quantity of meat prepared in this manner to be shipped monthly to Marseilles, for the use of their India and China service. The preservation of meat by the bi- sulphite of lime has two advantages. The first is the case, celerity, and economy, with which the operation itself is performed. The second lies in the fact that, when cooked, the meat oats perfectly fresh, and it would be impossible to say that it had not just been procured from the butcher's. The only preparation required before cooking is soaking the joint for a short time in cold water. All that the bi-sulphite really does is to arrest decomposition, and when relieved by soaking from the coating which has been placed around it, the meat is again in its original fresh condition, and after being cooked there is not the slightest flavour of the chemical agent by means of which it has been preserved. The importance of this discovery to the wheat-growers of Australia can scarcely be overrated. It offers to them an easy mode of placing their surplus stock in the best markets under the most favourable circumstances. It has already been tried here, though only to a limited extent, but the trials have all confirmed the reports previously received concerning it. There is little doubt that it will soon be tested on a far larger scale; and if the anticipations formed respecting it are verified, the boiling-down establishments will give place to others, which will be of far greater importance, both socially and economically. We are in receipt of our files of English papers via Panama to the 2nd of May, and in another column will be found extracts commenting upon the outrage committed at Sydney upon H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh. It will be observed that the general impression was that the attempted assassination was the result of the Fenian organisation, although The Times prudently states that it is impossible to arrive at a decisive opinion until the receipt of full particulars. The Treasurer yesterday placed in the hands of the Speaker a message from His Excellency, in reply to the address of the Assembly on the subject of the Darling grant, based on the resolutions moved by Mr. M'Culloch. It was very short, merely recommending the House to provide supplies for the grant, and was received with some applause. At a late hour of the evening, and when the debate on the Budgofc had been postponed, Mr Langton endeavoured to got the House to go into Committee of Supply, with the view of advancing the grant a stage, and that it might to-day be reported to the House, and sent up to the Legislative Council. This course was opposed by Mr. M'Culloch and other members of the Opposition, on the ground that a number of their supporters and friends had left the House not anticipating that supply would be proceeded with, and by Mr. MacMahon, who, in a remarkably warm and excited address, denounced the conduct of the Ministry in bringing down the message as being not only dishonourable but disgraceful to them, after the speeches they had addressed to their constituents against this grant, which they were now ready to submit to the House. The hon. member was called to order by the Speaker for applying the term " disgraceful" to the Ministry, but he replied that he applied it to them only as public men, and persisted in his right so to designate thomas right the Speaker did not further deny. Mr MacMahon, in fact, put himself into a passion, which would have been ludicrous had it not been painful and pitiable to witness. The discussion ended in the adjournment of the subject till to-day, it being understood that the motion for going into committee would then be proceeded with, precedence being given to the consideration of the Governor's message. A caucus of the majority, we believe, is to be held this afternoon, to determine the course they are to take with regard to it. The business transacted in the Legislative Council last night was of no great interest. Mr. Jenner did not press his motion on the subject of the Darling grant after learning from Mr. Sladen that a message was to be brought down from His Excellency on the subject. The Friendly Societies' Statute Amendment Bill was passed through all its stages. The Council meets again to-day at the usual hour. Last night Mr. Francis, on a formal motion of adjournment, addressed the Assembly at great length in reply to the financial speech of Mr. Langton, and attempted to show that there were irreconcileable discrepancies between the figures supplied to him by the, permanent heads of departments in the Government service and those produced by the Treasurer, which the latter said he had received from the same officers, and had not altered. The hon. member took a more hopeful view of the finances of the country than that put forward by the hon. member for West Melbourne. Last night the Treasurer laid on the table of the Legislative Assembly the Estimates of revenue and expenditure for the year 1868. These show that the revenue for the current year has been estimated at £2,963,050. That amount is made up as follows Customs, £1,286,650; excise, £48,500; territorial, £726,900; income from public works, £053,000; ports and harbours, £10,500; postage, £115,000; fees, £62,390; fines and forfeitures, £6,250; and miscellaneous, £48,800. The total expenditure is estimated at £3,405,760. A petition from Ballarat was presented to the Legislative Assembly last night by Mr. Langton. It was signed by over 2,100 persons, and prayed that an end might be put to the deadlock, by the non-inclusion of the Darling grant in the Appropriation Bill. A despatch received yesterday, by way of Panama, from the Duke of Buckingham, was laid before the Assembly last night. It expressed Her Majesty's personal feeling of gratitude for the excellent reception given by the colony to Prince Alfred. We publish elsewhere a letter from Sir Charles Darling, upon the subject of the proposed grant to Lady Darling, which appeared in The Times of the 1st of May. The same paper says "Sir Charles Darling, late Governor of the colony of Victoria, has presented to Parliament a petition expressing his desire that his whole conduct in the administration of the government of Victoria, and all his proceedings in respect to the proposed grant of £20,000 to Lady Darling, should be subjected to the fullest investigation. He submits that the whole question of the grant, the very principles upon which it proceeds, and the motives in which it originated, are so intimately connected with his conduct in the administration of the government of Victoria, and with the circumstances which led to and are consequent upon his recall therefrom, that it would be at variance with that spirit of justice' in which the House of Commons is accustomed to act, to arrive at a decision upon the motion of which notice has been given without much more full and accurate information upon his conduct." The draft progress report brought up last night to the Assembly by Mr. Longmore, from the select committee on the recent re- ' serves for Roman Catholic church purposes at the Eastern-hill and Ballarat East, was a very terse document, couched in very strong terms. It consisted of only two paragraphs, in the first of which Mr. Gillies was accused of suppressing certain important memoranda," and in the second with. short, telling an un. truth. It is, perhaps, only necessary to answer these statements by saying that the committee consisted of Mr. Longmore, Mr. Cope, Mr. Jones, Mr. M. L. King, and Mr. G. P. Smith -no friends of Mr. Gillies or the Govern- ment-with Mr. Duffy and Mr. Lalor (the latter ill) thrown in. It was not unanimous in its conclusions and we may perhaps add, without committing any breach of faith or confidence, that the report was agreed upon before a material portion of the evidence was taken. That evidence, in truth, does not bear out the report ; while-so far from the papers being suppressed the originals of all of them were carried into the House by Mr. Fellows, along with the copies, and were seen and read by many of the members. The removal of Dr. Mackay, lately the returning officer for Castlemaine, was the subject of a short conversation in the Legislative Assembly last night. In reply to a question from Mr. Farrell, it was elicited from Mr. Fellows that Dr. Mackay had been removed because, while the expenses of all the other returning officers (over which the Government had no control were gradually becoming smaller, those of Dr. Mackay had been largely increasing. On the occasion of the last election they were about £100 more than they were at the previous election. Some conversation took place in the Assembly last night on the recent removal of Mr. Jamieson, the electoral registrar for Mordialloc. The subject was brought up by Mr. Higinbotham, who stated that the previous registrar having died leaving a large family, Mr. Jamieson had accepted the office, agree- ing to give one-half of the income arising from it to the family of his predecessor, and he had discharged the duty satisfactorily. The hon. member for Brighton added, that he believed Mr. Jamieson had been removed because he lived a short distance beyond the bounds of the district for which he was appointed. Mr. Fellows stated, in reply, that the objection mentioned was that which had induced the Government to displace Mr. Jamieson. Mr. G. P. Smith deliberately accused the Ministry of having removed an efficient officer to find a place for an illiterate nominee of the member of the Government who had lately been defeated in the election for South Bourke. The Elections and Qualifications Committee did not get a quorum yesterday, and consequently adjourned. The next meeting is to be called for two p.m. on Tuesday next. Mr. Watkins, M.L.A., yesterday introduced a deputation from the residents of Healesville, and the selectors under the 42nd section, living at Tarrawarra, to the assistant Com missioner of lands and survey, for the purpose of obtaining a grant of land at Tarrawarra for a gold-fields common, and a piece of land to be annexed to the Healesville town common, so as to give access to water. Mr. Watkins explained that the selectors at Tarrawarra had no means of depasturing a few cows, without incurring the risk of having them impounded by the owner of the neighbouring run and unless some means were afforded them, they would ultimately be driven from their holdings. Mr. Hodgkin- son recommended the deputation to submit in writing their application to the board, when it would receive every consideration. We regret to learn that Colonel W. A. D. Anderson, commandant of volunteers, met with a severe injury on Wednesday last, while out with a shooting party. He was bitten in the right hand by a furious horse, and the medical authorities pronounce the wound so serious that it will probably confine the patient to his house for some time. The return of the PhoroB to port late on Wednesday night has solved the question as to what had become of the missing schooner Mary Anne, which left Corner Inlet for Melbourne about six weeks ago, and was never heard of after. The vessel sprang a leak in heavy weather in the Straits, and sank in deep water about fifteen miles from King's Island light, The captain and men took to the boat, and with difficulty effected a landing. They remained with the lighthouse keeper, of whose kindness they speak in high terms, till June 24, when they put off to a schooner lying becalmed off the island. This schooner- the Dove, bound to Warrnam- bool-was detained by heavy weather under New Year's Island till the arrival of the Pharos on Monday last. The Pharos had learned of the fate of the vessel at King's Island, and of the probability that the Dove would be found anchored at New Year's Island. Captain Absom and men were taken on board, and arrived in Melbourne in the Pharos on Wednesday night. It will be remembered that the Pharos was not despatched to King's Island after her return from her first cruise, in consequence of the opinion of Captain Fullarton, that from the character of the winds which had been prevalent it was impossible that the wreck, or a boat from her, could have reached that island. From an advertisement in another column, we observe that offers of loan amounting to £4,300 have been made with the view of relieving the Melbourne Hospital from its present embarrassment. As it is necessary that the sum of £6,000 should be made up before Saturday, gentlemen willing to assist in the way proposed are requested to at- once forward their names to either the treasurer or the secretary. The usual weekly meeting of the committee of the Benevolent Asylum was held yesterday afternoon. The Hon. George Harker presided and there were also present Messrs. Mayne, Tankard, M'Pherson, O'Brien, Dickson, Barwise, Curtain, Carson, Wise would, Lynch, Zox, Wyld, and Marsden, and Drs. Neild, Gray, and Featherston. The superintendent's report showed the state of the house to be as follows Men, now inmates, 35-1 ; women, 139 ; total, 493. The number of vacancies in the male ward was 3\. The report of the medical officer stated that 234 persons were under treatment, and that the following had died since the last weekly meeting Johann Zschich, Thos. Garnon, It, Searle, and Mary Parsons. After a short discussion, it was agreed, on the motion of Mr. Wisewould, seconded by Dr. Neild, that the present officers should continue to occupy their offices till the appointment of others, and that the election of new officers should be postponed till the bye-laws had been drawn, adopted, and confirmed. Mr. Zox moved that the offices of secretary and bookkeeper should be amalgamated. He dwelt forcibly on the need of economy in the present state of the funds of the institution, and considering the pressing calls that were made upon its resources. He had made it his duty to inquire into the amount and nature of the work to be performed, and he had arrived at the conclusion that one man was quite capable of performing it. no deprecated the idea of casting a slur upon the present secretary, who, he was well aware, had always performed his duties to the satisfaction of the committee The motion was seconded by Mr. Wisewould, and, after considerable discussion, it was carried by a majority of ten to five.. A further motion, that the secretary be instructed to advertise for a person willing to undertake the joint duties of secretary and bookkeeper, at an annual salary of £200, was also carried. A number of applications for admittance were entertained, of which four were received. The consideration of the bye laws having been postponed, the committee adjourned. A preliminary meeting of persons favourable to the formation of a Clerks Mutual Provident Association was held at Barton's Hotel last evening. The attendance was not large. Mr. Garrett was voted to the chair. The object for which the meeting had been convened having been explained, it was mentioned that, however novel the idea of a clerks benefit society may be in the colony, in England they had become old-established bodies some of them in a most prosperous condition. The balance-sheet of the Liverpool Society in 1861 showed that, after paying all expenses for the year, there remained a clear sum of £23,000. After some conversation it was resolved to convene a meeting of clerks, by advertisement and circular, at an early date. A meeting of builders' labourers was held at the Trades-hall, Lygon-street, last evening, for the purpose of considering the ad i inability of joining in a trades' demonstra- tion on next Monday, for tho purpose of protesting against the " existing usurpation " of the Ministry. There were eleven persons present exclusive of the chairman, Mr. Robert Beer. A letter was read from the secretary of the Loyal Liberal Association, Collins-street, soliciting co- operation in the demonstration The letter was received, and a resolution adopted granting compliance with the request. It was agreed that the procession be formed in front of the Trades-hall, and thence proceed to Richmond-paddock. A number of rams of the far-famed Ram- bouillet breed have been imported to this colony by the clipper ship J. M. Joshua, from London, These rams have been carefully selected from the flocks at His Imperial French Majesty's farm at Rambouillet, and have been imported at considerable expense by Messrs. Joshua Brothers. The rams received constant and particular attention on the voyage out, and have arrived in very fine order. We understand that Mr. A. Grant, the land agent who formerly had offices in Elizabeth-street, and who rather suddenly disappeared from the colony some time since, is now doing extremely well in California. His wife left Melbourne last week, en route for Newcastle, on her way to join him, A correspondent complains again of the boy nuisance as developed in the neighbourhood of the Galatea Hotel, Victoria-parade. I he says a number of young scoundrels as I semble in the locality every evening and annoy the passers-by. The police should I look to it. Another correspondent also suggests that the example set by the Emerald hill Council should be followed by the city authorities, and that the police should be instructed to arrest all boys found using the shanghai, or indulging in the dangerous practice of throwing stones. In the Banco Court yesterday, the Court heard further arguments in Aarons v. the Board of Land and Works, and judgment was reserved ; also in O'Connor v. Faul, where the legal description of an attesting witness was in question, the Court reserved its decision. In The Queen v. Legge, a councillor and ex-mayor of Maryborough, the Court made the rule absolute to oust from office, on the ground that he had parted with his qualification as a ratepayer, and had not provided himself with another. In the Equity Court yesterday, Mr. Justice Molesworth gave judgment in the matter of the Creswick Grand Trunk Gold Mining Company and Hassall and others v. Moore, same v. Faulkner, substantially in favour of plaintiffs. His Honour made an order that upon the plaintiffs giving security by two sureties (to be approved by the Master) jointly and severally in the sum of £1,600 to perform such decree and order as maybe made in this suit, the injunction ordered April 24 was to be dissolved as to restraining the issuing a writ of habeas, and ordered that defendants, until further notice, be restrained by injunc- tion from assigning or encumbering the lease in bill mentioned. Costs of the motion to be costs in the cause. In Insolvency, a complicated and difficult case was brought before his Honour, in the matter of making a married woman insolvent in this colony in respect of certain property here. Miss M. W. Dickson had been made insolvent in Sydney in 1864; subsequently, she married one Wallace, and had since inherited some property in Victoria. The application was by F. T. Humphrey, official assignee of her New South Wales estate. Judgment was reserved. In ex parte Welton, a rule to set aside a deed of assignment was made absolute, on the ground that the separate estate of one of the assignors was not included in the schedule to the deed. Under the circumstances of the case no costs were given. The Bourke General Sessions for July were commenced yesterday, but none of the cases tried were of any importance. George S. Compton, lately a clerk in the Australasian Insurance Company, pleaded "Guilty" to a charge of embezzlement. Sentence was deferred till this morning, as the prisoner wished to call witnesses to character. Four men, named George Boc, William Jones, Henry Thomas, and George Johnston, were found "Guilty" of assaulting and robbing a man at the Bedford Hotel, Lonsdale-street. They were remanded till this morning for sentence. The charge of embezzlement preferred against William R. S. Neilley, late secretary to the Gipps Land Steam Navigation Company, was again proceeded with at the City Court yesterday. The hearing of the case lasted until late in the afternoon, but nothing of special interest transpired beyond what has been already published. Mr. Isaac C. Seddon, managing clerk to Messrs. Nutt and Murphy, solicitors, was the only witness placed in the box, but the evidence tendered by him mainly consisted in reading over lengthy documents, purporting to ho notes and memoranda of conversations and communications which passed between him and Mr. Aspinwall and Mr. Burton, respecting the various items with which Neilley is charged with embezzling. The chief point for the prosecution appears to be, that Neilley received certain sums on behalf of the company, and afterwards accounted for them by valueless cheques, As the case at present stands, it appears probable that it will last over several further hearings. The proceedings of yesterday were wholly uninterest- ing to the public. William Rea, sexton at Wesley Church, Lonsdale-street, attempted suicide, by swallow ing portion of a poisonous drug, at a late hour on Wednesday night. He was conveyed to the hospital, where proper remedies having been applied, it was found that no danger was likely to ensue. He was permitted to leave the institution yesterday. An inquest was held yesterday before the district coroner on the fire which occurred at Sandridge on Wednesday morning, and on the bodies of Chas. Cullen Strettle and Arthur Carrighan, who were burned to death. The circumstances elicited were as described in The Argus of yesterday, and the jury found that the deceased were accidentally burned to death by Mr. Warne's promises taking fire through the gross carelessness of John Cannon, who is believed to have gone to bed leaving a lighted candle on his table. In accordance with the desire of the jury, criminal proceedings will not be taken against Cannon. It is understood that Shuttle's life was heavily insured in the Albert Insurance Company. His body was identified by a peculiarity in the teeth, and that of Carrighan by his watch, which was found underneath his remains. A full report will be found in the third page. A special meeting of the subscribers to the Geelong Benevolent Asylum was held in the Town-hall yesterday afternoon, to receive and consider a statement from the committee of management relating to the present financial position of the institution, and to take the necessary steps thereon. About thirty gentlemen were present, his worship the mayor occupying the chair. The following statement was read Duo Bank of Australasia, £2,322 2s. 10d. ; interest, £65; total, £2,387 2s. 10d. Accounts outstand- ing, £144 6s. 3d. ; druR account, £287 10s. 6d.; firewood and sundries, £76 0s. 6d. ; maintenance account for June, £471 Is. 6d. ; clothing, &c;, £132 Is. ; total liabilities to 30th June, £3,498 1s. 10d. The secretary then read a suggestion which had been made, to the effect that, in the event of the deadlock continuing, they should make provision for £400 per month, by getting fifty gentlemen to give their bill at three months for £25 each that the names of these gentlemen be written on separate slips of paper, and put into a box together, and seventeen drawn for the first month, and a similar course to be followed with regard to the other two months. The proposer of this suggestion thought that, if adopted, this plan would be successful, and not be a great strain upon any one person. He for one would not only give his name for £25, but for a further amount if necessary, and would supply the institution for a few months with stores on credit-not to interfere with the contractors, but in case it was required. Mr. Belcher thought that a further overdraft should be obtained from the bank till the end of July, when the present contracts would expire, and that all contracts entered into after that date should be accepted only on the stipulation that the parties contract- ing would have to wait for their money till the Government resumed payment. After some considerable discussion on the merits of the different suggestions, it was ultimately carried that a further overdraft of £1,000 be obtained from the bank to cover expenses for three months, on the personal guarantee of twenty gentlemen in £50 each. The number of names were obtained at the meeting. The Geelong Register reports that a serious accident occurred on Wednesday evening after the volley firing of the volunteers, owing to the negligence of a member of one of the corps, who gave his rifle, loaded with a blank cartridge, to a boy to carry home for him. On the way, this lad played with the rifle in such a manner that at last he exploded the charge, and the brass stopper on the top struck another boy, named Martin, who was standing near, full in the forehead. It penetrated the skull, and then entered the brain. The unfortunate lad was at once taken to Dr. Pincott, who extracted the stopper, and then sent the sufferer to the hospital. He was in a very precarious state, and his life may be said to be in great danger. A large and influential meeting of the electors of Donnybrook division of East Bourke, for the purpose of of establishing a branch of the Constitutional Association, was held on the 30th ult., at Abbott's Hotel, Donnybrook. Mr. David Williams, J.P., occupied the chair. Mr F. R. Godfrey, J.P., moved the first resolution-" That it is desirable that a branch of the Constitutional Association be formed in the district of Donny- brook." The motion was carried unanimously. It was then determined to fix the subscription at Is., and the officers of the association were elected as follows Messrs David Williams, J.P., president; Thomas Wilson, J.P., vice-president; and F. R. Godfrey, J.P., hon. treasurer and secretary. A committee of seventeen gentlemen was also chosen, and the meeting closed. In reply to a request from Mr. J. C. Rainer, of Daylesford, Mr. Walter Montgomery has promised to deliver readings at Daylesford, Sandhurst, Castlemaine, Maryborough, and other towns of the district. Touching the alleged error of the Roads and Bridges department as to the apparent inclusion of the Borough of Sebastopol in the territory of Buninyong shire the town clerk of Sebastopol has furnished the Ballarat Star with the subjoined minute, presented by Mr. Steavenson to Mr. O'Grady, who gives por mission for its publication. The minute is as follows:- " In answer to a paragraph in to-day's Ballarat Star, accusing this department of having committed an error in the proclamation of the Buninyongshire, by including the whole or nearly the whole of the Borough of Sebastopol as a part of the shire, I submit that there is no error in the case. By an opinion of the late Attorney-General, at an early stage of this controversy, I was advised that the Governor having proclaimed a certain portion of the colony to be a road district, and this proclamation being in force at the time the Act No. 176 came into operation, the boundaries of the district cannot now be altered, except under the provisions of that act.' Now, the only section of the act which gives the Government any power to alter the boundaries of shires is the 224th section, and that for certain stated purposes only. I there fore expressly instructed the draughtsman who drew out the technical description of boundaries not to alter the description in any way, except as regards the boundaries of the electoral district. If I had left out the borough of Sebastopol I would have altered the boundaries of the shire otherwise than under the 234th section of the Local Government Act. I contend that the borough of Sebastopol lies within the shire, an imperium in imperio, although it so happens that the boundaries of the two areas are for a short distance coterminous. The borough of Buninyong is entirely surrounded by the shire, but is not on that ac- count exempted from it. If the county of Bourke were now to be re-proclaimed, would its boundary be altered in description because the boroughs of Brighton, St. Kilda, Sandridge, and Williamstown were coterminous with its see frontier, or would it be contended that a re proclamation of the colony of Victoria for any purpose would be erroneous if the cities of Melbourne and Geelong were not specially excepted, the latter at any rate being exactly in the same position as regards its sea boundary as the borough of Sebastopol is in with regard to the shire? (Signed) Jones STEAVENSON. Roads and Bridges Office, June 26. On Thursday last, at the Kilmore General Sessions, a decision was given of much import to the squatting community. The case, as reported by the Examiner, was as follows: "On the 16th of April last, Mr. M'Kenzie, inspector of sheep, paid a professional visit to Toubourac Station, and, in the presence of the overseer, examined a flock of sheep numbering 903, in which, as it was proved, but one sheep was infected with scab. For this offence Mr. Disney, the overseer, was summoned to the police court in May last, and mulcted in, the sum of £90 6s., thus being fined the same amount as if the whole flock was infected. Mr. Meade, defendant's solicitor, of course gave notice of appeal, and the case was heard before Judge Skinner and Mr Akehurst, on Thursday last. Mr. Meade, during the hearing of the appeal, regretted that, under the provisions of the act, he could not place Mr. Disney in the witness-box, whereupon his Honour referred to a recent decision, that the evidence of overseers was admissible, and permitted the appellant, who gave his evidence to the satisfaction of the Bench, to be sworn, the result being that the fine formerly inflicted by the magistrates was reduced to 2s. This is but one illustration of the amount of evil which accrues from the compulsory clauses of the Scab Act in its pro sent inequitable state. And surely the evil would be materially lessened wore magistrates invested with authority to deal with similar cases, so as to prevent persons being liable to great expense and serious inconvenience, which are inseparably connected with litigation. Mr. Barnett, manager of the Lyceum Theatre, Sandhurst, writes to the Bendigo Advertiser to deny the truth of the statement made respecting the state of the finances of his theatre-" the fact being," he says, "that, except as regards claims amounting to £25, which are disputed, all amounts have been paid." The South Australian Register says of the retrenchments intended by the Government: -"We are informed that the Government have resolved upon omitting from the Estimates of next year provision for a protector of aborigines, on the ground that the office is no longer required. They have also reduced the staff in the Real Property Act department by striking off two clerks, two draughtsmen, and other allowances. They have put an end to the somewhat unintelligible Here in the Estimates, 'Engrossing Certificates of Title,' for which about £500 has generally been set down, and given orders that for the future certificates shall be prepared in the office. The saving in the department will be £1,000 or £1,100. In the Customs, too, considerable savings will be effected, through dispensing with certain officers, and providing for the performance of their duties by others." It also appears that the office of the clerk of the Executive Council is to be discontinued. The latest news from Wanganui, the scene of the recent murders by the Hau- haus, adds little to what was before reported. Colonel M'Donnell had returned from Wellington, and the prompt action of the governmontgaro every satisfaction to the settlers. An attempt madotoiaise a native contingent did not appear likely to be successful, the proposal being very coldly received by the native tribes. News from Auckland reports that a new Maori King, named Hakaria, is in the field in opposition to Tawhiao, and it is stated that the extreme Maori party have gone over to him in a body, The matter is causing a good deal of uneasiness, as it is feared that the slightest accident may lead to actual hostilities between the two parties. His Excellency Sir G. Bowen landed at Wellington on the 21st June, and in the course of his reply to the address presented to him he observed :-" I visited yesterday the exact spot at Turanganui where Captain Cook first landed in New Zealand and I thought that it would have rejoiced his heart, amid the distresses and anxieties of his voyages of discovery, if he could have foreseen that in the then savage region which he made known to his countrymen within less than a century a flourishing colony would arise, destined, in all human probability, to become the Great Britain of the Southern hemisphere," Some serious fires have occurred in Auckland province. On June 12 a fire occurred in Onehunga, which destroyed the Court house Hotel, one of the most extensive and substantial buildings in the town. On June 11 a flax mill on the Waipipi road was burned to the ground, and the whole of the machinery and stock was destroyed. It appears that the asserted discovery of alluvial gold on the gold-field at Kennedy Bay, New Zealand, was incorrect, and the people have returned. From 6000 to 7,000 persons have visited the place ; but with the exception of the quartz-reefing, none were getting gold. The quartz reefs too, it is said, have been rated far above their value. The West Coast 1 Times publishes the following letter from a planter in Fiji The war undertaken by King Thakombau to punish the murderers of the native ministers, who were not only killed but later, still continues. The main body of the army is under the command of the chief judge, Rolin Sananaca, who is reckoned the best general in the islands. The division has succeeded in taking nine towns, killing great numbers of the rebels, besides taking others prisoners ; but, on the other hand, Tui Koko, the second commander, has suffered a defeat. This state of things is not at all pleasant when you are living in the middle of the hostile armies, and have to keep right with both parties. My cotton crop is all but destroyed by the last hurricanes, which destroyed nearly all the produce on Oavalu. The estimate of the cotton crop for this year is expected to reach £50,000 ; but the cocoanut looks very queer it has been gradually decreasing owing to the hurricanes. In 1895 the value of the oil exported reached over £11,000 in 1866 it was less by £2,000 and last year it barely averaged £3,000. You can never depend upon your crops for a night in the stormy season. I am sorry to hear that my brother has sailed for this place ; he would do better, I think, anywhere else." Salmon acclimatisation at Dunedin is thus reported on by the Otago Daily Times of June 19 "Mr. George Duncan, Secretary for Land and Works, accompanied by Mr. A. J. Burns, visited the salmon ponds, at the "Waiwera, on Wednesday. We understand that everything was found in a satisfactory condition. There were fully 600 lively young fry to be seen in the boxes and there were also to be seen-in contradiction of all previous experience, we believe ova which after fully 180 days were not hatched, but looked most healthy, and presented every indication of yet hatching successfully." The Panama Mercantile Chronicle of the 25th May states, on the authority of a telegram received at Vera Cruz on the 2nd, that another revolution had taken place at Mexico, and that President Juarez was flying to the Texas frontier, with 7,000 600dol. in his possession. The two men, Barry and O'Keefe, who were arrested in front of Buckingham palace, in London, with what was supposed to be Greek Aro in their possession, were brought up at the Bow-street Police Court, on Monday the 27th April, charged, on remand, with being in possession of a quantity of inflammable matter, for the purpose of committing a felony. Dr. NoadJ of St. George's Hospital, stated that he had analysed the substance, and found it of consist of about six pounds of phosphorus. Whom he took it from the canister he placed it on a slab, and while"hcwont Into an ad joining room " the whole burst into a tremendous conflagration spontaneously, and without anything being done to it." The substance was safe explosive, but had ignited simply by the fruition of the air. To make it dissolve it wanted mixing with bi-sulphide of carbon, and then it would have been real " Greek fire" in a liquid form. The prisoners were again remanded. A large sperm whale was seen at Newcastle on Sunday afternoon, about a mile off shore. It was judged to be sixty feet in length. We observe that a bill has been introduced and passed its first reading in the House of a Commons of Canada, having foritaobjoctt^hei reduction of the Governor-General's salary" from £10,000 per annum to £6,500. ' We have our files from Mauritius to the 15th of May. During the month of Aprill,216> persons died from fever in the island, and 820 from other causes. The third farewell concert to be given by Madame Anna Bishop takes place this evening, at the Princess's Theatre, A very excellent programme has been issued. The collector of the Lying-in Hospital acknowledges the receipt of £6 5s. from the proprietors of The Argus, in aid of the funds of the institution. A discussion on the present mania for popular readings, as to whether they are calculated to improve the morals and elevate the tastes of the people, is announced for this evening, in the West Melbourne Literary Institute The amateurs of the 14th Redmont purpose giving another entertainment at their theatre this evening. The entertainment will consist of the drama of "Black- eyed Susan," clog and hornpipe dancing, and the farce, " Happy Man, or Paddy in India. " Mr. Otto Berliner yesterday brought us two letters,, one (received by the lost Suez mail, dated April 24, and one by the Panama mail, dated May 1, from Mr. Holmes, showing that he is still retained in the Tichborne baronetcy case. The treasurer of the Melbourne Hospital acknowledges with thanks further offers of loan towards the sum of £5,000 from Mr. Joseph Katzenstein £100, Anonymous £100, Mr. P. Schier £100, E. Latham and Co., £100 ; also, from the Rev. Dr. Bromby, a donation of £10 10s., and Anonymous LL The monthly meeting of the Australasian Equitable Permanent Building and Invest- ment Society took place last night, at the society's offices, Mechanics' Institute The , receipts amounted to £615 9s. ld. The following gentlemen were nominated as officers for the ensuing year Mr. John Halfey, vice president ; Mr. George Lewis, treasurer and Messrs. Fenwick, Heymanson, Loader, Wilson, and Wilkins, members of committee. The usual monthly meeting of the Third Victoria Building Society was held last evening at their offices, 56 Little Collins-street east ; Mr. T. W. Moubray, treasurer, in the chair, who announced the month's receipts to be £5,500, after which 201 shares were sold at premiums varying from 1s. 6d. to £1 5s. On Wednesday evening, the teachers and friends of the Sunday-school in connexion , with the East Melbourne Congregational Church, gave a tea to all the scholars, the parents being admitted by ticket. After tea the children sang some of their favourite pieces. Short addresses were delivered by the Rev. J. Beer, pastor, and Mr. Hayes, the superintendent of the school. A recitation was also given by one of the scholars. After spending a pleasant evening, the company, numbering over 200, separated. The anniversary of the Olive Branch Lodge of the United Ancient Order of Druids was celebrated by a dinner at the lodge-room, Builders' Arms Hotel, Cardigan-street, Carlton, on Wednesday evening. The dinner was provided in first-rate style by host Coles, and about seventy-five gentlemen sat down. A.D. Brother Ballard was in the chair, and after the cloth was removed, proposed the usual toasts, which were heartily; responded to. The party concluded by singing the National " Anthem. _ . - On Wednesday evening an entertainment was given in the Oddfellows'-hall, Brunswick, in aid of the funds of the local Mechanics Institute. Mr T. J. Sumner presided. A liberal programme was provided, and the - building was well filled. Miss Lambert and Mrs. Sanderson were the principal vocalists. The Prahran prose party and a number of other gentlemen contributed to the evening's amusement. There was a crowded audience at the St. Kilda entertainments on Wednesday evening., The programme issued was fully carried out. Mr. J. B. Bennett presided. Messrs. Ascherberg and L. L. Lewis were the pianists, and Mr. Alex. Paul, violinist. Mr. B. C. Aspinall delivered two readings, the latter of which gave considerable amusement. The "Gipsies' Chorus," by the Glee Club, was effectively rendered. The National Anthem concluded the entertainment 