THE GHOST'S SUMMONS. BY ADA BUISSON. "Wanted, sir, a patient." It was in the early days of my professional career, when patients were scarce and fees scarcer, and though I was in the not of sitting down to my shop, and had promised myself a glass of steaming punch afterwards in honor of the Christmas season, I hurried instantly into my surgery. I entered briskly , but no sooner did I catch sight of the figure standing leaning against the country than I started back with a strange feel- ing of horror which for the life of me I could not comprehend. Never shall I forget the ghastliness of that face–the white terror stamped upon every feature–the agony which seemed to sink the very eyes beneath the contracted brows; it was awful to me to behold, accustomed as I was to scenes of terror. " You seek advice," I began, with some hesitation. " No I am not ill." ' You require then"________ "Hush!" he interrupted, approaching more nearly, and dropping his already low murmur to a mere whisper. "I believe you are not rich. Would you be willing to earn a thousand pounds ?" A thousand pounds! His words seemed to burn my very ears. "I should be thankful, if I could do so honestly," I replied with dignity. "What is the service required of me?" A peculiar look of intense horror passed over the white face before me, but the blue-black lips answered firmly, "To attend a death-bed." "A thousand pounds to attend a death-bed! Where am I to go, then?– whose is it?" "Mine." The voice in which this was said sounded so hollow and distant, that involuntarily I shrank back. "Yours! What nonsense! You are not a dying man. You are pale, but you ap- pear perfectly healthy. You____" "Hush" he interrupted; "I know all this. You cannot be more convinced of my physical health than I am myself, yet I know that before the clock tolls the first hour after midnight I shall be a dead man." "But____" He shuddered slightly ; but stretching out his hand commandingly, motioned me to be silent. "I am but too well informed of what I affirm," he said quietly; "I have received a mysterious summons from the dead. No mor- tal aid can avail me. I are as doomed as the wretch on whom the judge has passed sentence. I do not come either to seek your advice or to argue the matter with you, but simply to buy your services. I offer you a thousand pounds to pass the night in my chamber, and witness the scene which takes place. The sum may ap- pear to you extravagant. But I have no further need to count the cost of any gratification; and the spectacle you will have to witness is no common sight of horror." The words, strange as they were, were spoken calmly enough, but as the last sentence dropped slowly from the livid lips, an expression of such wild horror again past over the stranger's face, that, in spite of the immense fee, I hesitated to answer. " You fear to trust to the promise of a dead man!" See here and be convinced," he exclaimed eagerly and the next instant, on the counter between us lay a parchment document, and following the indication of that white mus- cular hand, I read the words, "And to Mr. Frederick Read, of 14 High-street, Alton, I be- queath the sum of one thousand pounds for cer- tain service rendered to me." "I have had that will drawn up within the last twenty four hours, and I signed it an hour ago, in the presence of competent witnesses. I am prepared, you see. Now, do you accept my offer, or not?" My answer was to walk across the room and take down my hat and then lock the door of the surgery by communicating with the house- * * * * * * It was a dark, icy cold night, and somehow the courage and determination which the sight of my own name in connection with a thousand pounds had given me, flagged considerably as I found myself hurried along through the silent darkness by a man whose death-bed I was about to attend. He was gi mili- silent, hut as his hand touched mine, in spite of the host, it felt hat a burning coal On we went tramp, tramp, through the season, on, till even I grow wont y, and in length on my appalled car struck the chimes of a church clock , whilst close at hand I did Tinguished the Snowy hillocks of a slim will by uni Heavens was this awful time of which I was to be the witness to take place earthly amongst the dead ?? ' Lluvcn," around the doomed man * Qui ciousGod ' but two hours more and that ghostly messenger vi will be in the summons Some, come, for mercy's Bullo let us hasten " There was butiiBlioit re id Bopuiutmg us now from a wall which surrounded a large mansion, and along this we hastened Bill were shells small door Passing through this, in a few minutes we were stealthily ascending the private staircase to a splendidly furnished apartment, which left no doubt of the wealth of its owner All was intensely silent, however through the house, and about this room in particular there was a stillness that, us I gazed round, struck me as almost ghastly My companion glanced at the lock on the mantle shelf, and Bank into a large than by the sine of the fire with a shudder " Only an hour and a half longer," he muttered ' Great heaven ' I thought I had more fortitude THE honor unmans me ' J him, in a screen tone, and clutching my aim, he added, "Do' you mock me you think me mud, but wait till you see wait till you see ' ' I put my hand on his wrist, for there was now a fever in his sunken eyes which checked the superstitious lull which had been gathering over me, and made me hope that, after all my first suspicion was collect, and that my patient was but the victim of some fearful liulliiciini lion " Mock you" I answered soothingly "1 us from it I sympathise intensely with you, and would do much to aid you You require sleep Lie down, and leave me to watch He groaned but rose, and began throwing off his clothes and watt lung my opportunity, I slipped it sleepin a now did which I had managed to put in my pocket before leaving the surgery, into the tumbler of claret that stood before him The more I saw, the more I felt convinced that it was the nervous system of my patient which required my attention and it was with sincere satisfaction I saw him drink the wine, and then be reach himself on the luxurious bed ' He,' thought I, as the clock struck twelve, and instead of a groan, the deep breathing of the sleeper sounded through the room, you won't receive any summons to night, and I may make myself comfortable " Noiselessly, therefore, I roplcniBliod the fire, poured myself out a large glass of wine, and drawing the (curtain so that the fight should not disturb the sleepy, I put myself in a position to follow his example How long I slept I know not, but suddenly I aroused with a start and is ghostly a Undi of horror as ever I remember to have felt in my life Something what, I knew not-scorned hear, something nameless, but unutterably awful I gazed round the fire emitted a faint bungalow, just sufficient to enable me to see that the room was exactly the same as when I fell asleep, but that the long hand of the clock wanted but five minutes of the mysterious hour which was to be the death moment of the " summoned man ' Was there anything in it, then any truth in the strange story he had told? the silence was intense I could not even hear a breath from the bed, and I was about to rise and approach, when again that awful horror seized me, and at the same moment my eye fell upon the mirror op- posite the door, and I saw Great heaven that awful shape-that ghastly mockery of what had been humanity- was it really a messenger from the buried, quiet road? It stood there in visible death clothes, but the awful face was ghastly with corruption, and the sunken eyes gleamed forth green glass, glad of which seemed in no suitable blast from the infernal fires below to move or utter a sound in that hideous presence was impossible and like it statue I six and saw that her ltd Shape move slowly towards the hold a hut was the awful scene enacted there, I know not I born 1 nothing except a low stilled agonised groans, and I saw the shadow of that ghastly messenger bending over the body Whether it was some dreadful but wordless sentence his breathless Ups convoyed as it stood there, I know not, but for on instant the shadow of a claw lil of land, from which the third finger was missing, appealed extended all over the doomed man's head, and then, as the ho clock st i nek one clear silvery stroke, it fell and sp a wild shock ning through the room-a death- so slit uk l am not given to fainting, but I certainly confess that the next ten minutes of my exist cure was a cold bleak, and even when I did manage to stagger to my feet, I gazed round, vainly endeavoring to understand the chilly honor which still possessed me Thank God the loom wits end of that awful presences saw that, so, gulping down some wire 1 lighted a wax taper and staggered towards the bed Ah, how I may ed that, after all, I might have been dreaming, and that my own excited imagination had but conjured up some hideous memory of the dissecting room ' But one glance was suffer and to answer that the No The summons had indeed been given th and answered laid flashed the light over the dead free, Bvvollon, convulsed still with the death agony , but suddenly 1 shrunk back Even as I gazed, the expression of the face P seemed to change the blackness faded into a G deathly whiteness, the convulsed fortunes to th taxed and, even as if the victim of that dread has apparition still had a sail solemn smile stole (a over the pale lips Cn I was intensely horrified, but still retained St sufficient self consciousness intestines profes M sionnlly by snell a phenomenon Vi Surely there was something more than superb natural agency in all this Again I HciutuiiBod the dead fine, and even the throat and chest, but, with the exception of a tiny pimple on one temple beneath a cluster O of han, not sinful appeared to look at the eli corpse, one would have believed that this man dr had indeed died by the visitation of God, peace fully, whilst sleeping pa How long I stood there I know not, but live D enough to gather my scattered sense a and to It effect that, all things considered, my own post By lion would be very unpleasant ii I was found M thus unexpectedly in the room of the rays seriously dead man So as noiselessly as I could, I made my way out of the house No one met me on the great staircase, the little door opening into the road was easily unfastened, and thankful indeed wish to feel again the flesh wintry me as I line led along Hurt road by the churchyard a » í * * There was a magnificent funeral soon in that church", and it was said that the young widow of the buried man was inconsolable, and then rumors got us out of a horrible apparition which had been seen on the night of the deaf, and it was whispered the young widow was tri used, and inSisted upon leaving her splendid mansion I was too mystified with the whole arthur to risk my reputation by saying what I knew, and I should have allowed my shire of in it to remain for over buried in oblivion, had I not suddenly heard that the widow, objecting to any of the legacies in the list will of her husband, intended to dispatch it on the score of insanity, and thou there gradually lose the minds of has been no having received a my tenons Btimmoiis On this I went to the lawyer, and sent a mess age to the lady, that, us the true fiction who had attended lit r husband, I and I look to prove his family and I besought her to grant me an interview, in which I would tomato is an angry and horrible story as cm had over heard the same on ning I received an invitation to go to the mansion I was ushered immediately nation splendid morn, and there, standing before the two, was the most dazzlingly beautiful young creature I had ever seen She was very small, but exquisitely made had it not been for the dignity of life can tago, I should have believed bet a mere child with a stately how she advanced, but did not speak " I come on a strange and painful at rand," I begin, and then I started, for I happened to glance full into her eyes, and h in them down to the small right hand grasping the oban. Hie w siding and was on (his hand ' ' 1 conclude you me the Mr Head who requested permission to tell me some absurd ghost story, and whom my late husband men lions hole" Audits, she spoke she stretched out her left hand towards something-but what I C I knew not, of my eyes were fixed on that 1) hand Honor ! White and delicate it might be, but it was shaped like a claw and the third finger was missing ' One Sentence was enough after that " Madam, all I can tell you is, that the ghost who summoned your husband was marked by a singular deformity The third finger of the left hand was missing," I said sternly and the next instant I had left that beautiful sinful presence of- a < -* Dent will was never disputed the next morning, foo, I received a check for a thousand pounds, and the next news I heard of the widow was, that she had herself soon that awful apparition and had left the mansion name dally. A S Vf fRANCisco editor says that when he thinks of Ireland's woes his heart goes " pity that " A suit on unaccustomed to society, and to his put ther al In a wall "Let me take you back to your supercargo " " Tia uni b can't he," says the arithmetician "You can't say that of women's figures in these days," responds the slanderous dress maker A 1 lti'NOii wit says that the gibbet is a species of flattery to the human race Three or four persons are hung, from time to time, for the purpose of making the rest believe that they are various "With were you not up with the lark this morning, as last night told you to be, sir ?" said an irate father to Iiib sluggard son " The reason I was not up with the bank this morning, was because I was on a bath, last night, sir CovMinivr, Dulooui.-lond Mother Do you not think, my deal that our Adolphus has great talent for saying things which nobody else ever says? Unfeeling Father Yob, and also for saying things which nobody ever ought An Iii h water once complimented a salmon in the following manner " faith, it's not two hours Since that salmon was walking round his real estate, with his hands in his pockets, never dreaming what a pretty invitation he'd have to give you gentlemen at dinner " A si Nsoitiot!? tutor, in lecturing to his class On the Vice of Betting," declared that under no circumstances could a let be anything but a sin and a shame " But you've always gone in for one kind of bed," exclaimed an irreverent pupil The total was at first stupefied with amazement at such effrontery, but, recovering his self possession, he blandly informed the student that if he could make his statement good he should have a holiday Will, have can't you always been in favor of the alpha is f" asked the student 'the teachers " gave it up " A li minim lady wanted a fashionable autumn outfit, which her husband wouldn't get for her So she wrote him a note in a disguised female hand, expressing great admiration, and asking the favor of a personal interview at a certain time and place The unsuspecting husband kept the appointment, dressed in his best, and when the " strange lady" lifted her veil, to be held the features of " his own door wife,'' who that very day was rejoicing in the possession of a bran new dress, cloak, bonnet, and other i ' little affairs of the kind. 