MR. WALTER MONTGOMERY'S RECITATIONS. On Thursday evening Mr. Montgomery was favored with another large audience. back seats were closely crowded, and there were only a few vacancies the reserved seats. is evident that the jrablic are beguiling to , awake to a knowledge of Mr. Montgomery^ _ merits; and it is a pity that he cannot ?on tipne his reritationi over Minflwr week.. There . was s<mie expedition that he would do so octal . Thursday evetung.whechestatedlKMitivelythat he would not appetr after Saturday evening, ' except on one occasion, before hi* departure,. -' when he intends giving an entertainment in. --• aid of the Orphan Home and another local - charity. ? ? • ????'? The Shakspearian part of ihe programme was . confined to selections from ** Hamlet," and. '-" comprised the Vint Soliloquy, w?ml?t ?nd the Ghost, Polonhu and Ophelia, Polonios's Secret, tbe False Friends, Gufldensteni and Bosen- ( , ccxor, Hamlet and the Flayers, and JJamWtV . Kesolye. ThooghMt Uxmigoauxy in iheae selections had not set ont'for himtetf aoehaa arduous task., as that he. nodes-took on , Monday evening in Macbeth, still it was one which pnt his powers to sv severe test, and which no ordinary artist ' could have acoomplished with satisfaction, fin his hsrnis, however, all the difficulties wereao-- " mounted, and he socceeded, as he dwrnya baa ? done, in achieving soccess and ?"??'t?£' Us - ???? admiration of his hearers. The aiili'? liiais. though widely separated in tbe pt?y, wees'- i: charmingly woven together by Mr. Mosd> gomery's conmota and dfrjiptjons rf Htm • omitted scenes. The first of the tMi^nlj L ngg -%? pieces was Macanlay'e spirit-starring lay ?? * Horatuu, the "leader of the daantiev three.* This was followed by an exqnjstte littfe gem, ,i by GeraU Massey, most tonehin^y Tende?ed, I "Our Wee White rote, or *be Setter* ISst ? Broken." The laughable description of Mr. and Mrs. Smith's daemmt.wi&i; Mrs. Stokesli baby condnded the entertsinneat. Mr. Moot- , j gomery was to have given a trifle by tite same " writer entitled '* Win yon Marry sv Farsgn,^ '. Mi?s Walkerr bat be was nnahU to At so; the mumscript of it having been ?iatiA Jffie made foil amends, however, by reciting .Allen U Po'? poem of "the BeH's." Donffte'; evening he took some good j??fan-J exceptions' ,>> to the criticisms of the press upon his ioeaduje V of Lady Macbeth; and said hTinteniedto write a letter, showing Oat she was not the bad character it was attanptedto make her. If the epistle is addressed tons ft wi" Moeop attention. The last evening's rnlnlsininrnt - batone will be given this cveniqg. . ? t " 