CONSECRATION OF ST. ANDREW'S CATHIE DRAL, SYDNEY. l'Yesterday morning in the presence of a very great concourse of persons, the Anglican Cathedral of St. Andrew, in this city, was consecrated according to the rites and ceremonies of the Chorch of England by the Metropolitan Bishop (the Right Rev. Dr. Frederick Barker) who was assisted by the Suffrogan Prelates the Bishops of Adelaide, Melbourne, Newcastle, Bris bane, Goulburn, sand Tasmania--together with the Dean of Sydney, Canons Vidal, Stack, King, and O'Reilly, and a large body of clergymen. Thie fine building has, therefore, after the lapse ofmany tedious years, at length been opened for thle performance of Divine service, in conformity with the bsso of the Church of England. At half-past 10 o'clock tle eMetropolitan and his six Sufiragan Bishops began to assemble in the temporary building on the north side of the cathedral, where they were joined byaboutseventy clergymen. Thence tbhe prelates (in their episcopal habits) withl tlheir clergy (rested in hoods, stoles, and surplices) walked in procession aceross the enclosure on the north of the church to the great western entrance, where they were met, st about five minutes to 11 o'clock, by the Very Rev. Dean Cowper, withs other members of tie Chlapter of the Cathedral. There the Dean, on behalf of thle Chapter, presented to tihe Metropolitan the formal petition for the conse cration of the Cathedral Church of St. Andrew, and the document was read aloud by Mr. Barker, the Registrar of the diocese. The Metropolitan Bishop intimatedthat it was his intention to comply with the prayer of the petition, whereupon thle Dean and Chapter having joined in the procession, the Metro politen (followed by tihe other bishops and clergy in attendance), proceeded up the middle aisle to tle altar, alternately repeating the 24th11 Psalm (Dominii est terra.) The bishops having taken their places within the Communion rails, the sentence of consecration was read by the Chlancellor and signed by the Metre politan. The document was manded to the Registrar to be registered, whichl being done, it woeas returned by that oficr to tile bishop, and by him laid upon the Conmmunion Table. Then tie Mcetro politan, standing on the north side of the Lord's Table, turned to the congregation and said :--" Dearly beloved in thle Lord, forasmuchl as devout and holy men, as well under the Law as ueder thle Gospel, moved cither by thb secret inspiration of the Holy Ghost, or by the express command of God, or by their own reason and sense of order and decency, have erected houses for the public worshlip of God, and separated them from all profane and common uses whichl godly practice hathl a manifest tendency to fill men's minds with a becoming reverence to the Divine Majesty, and to affect their hearts willh devotion and humility in tire service of God, let us lhumbly Iope that our Heavenly Father will favourably approve our present purpose of setting apart this place in solemn manner for the performance of tihe oseveral oeices of religious worship; and let us faithfully and devoutly beg His blessing on this our undertaking." Then followed the Lord's Prayer, in wlsch thle whole con gregation (consisting of between three and four thou sand persons) joined; and next was said the prayer "O, Eternal God;" after wlhich the Metropolitan repeated the sir collects having special roference to the future ministrations of the Churbch in tlhat building, imploring Divine blessing upon the same. The morning ecrvice then commenced, the proper Psalms being the 84th, the 122nd, and the 132nd. Tihe First Lesson was taken from thle 81h chapter of the First Book of Kings, from the 22nd to the 62nd verse. This lesson was read by tihe Very Rev. the Deau of Sydney. Thle Second Lessol (taken from the fourth chaptor of the Gospel of St. Luke, fromin the 14th'to thle 21st verse) was read by the Rev. Canon Stack. Here, and in the subsequent service, thle collect used was that of St. Andrew's Day, withl a special prayer for the occasion. TIn thle ante-Communion service the opening prayers were road by Dr. Short, the Bishop of Adelaide. Dr. Thomas, the Bishop of Goulburn, read the epistle; thle Gospel being read by Dr. Perry, thle Bishlop of Helbourne. In thlis service, as in the Order for ?Morn ing Prayer, thlere were several epecial prayers for tbhe occasion; one after the Collect for the Queen, and one after the Prayer for thle Church Militant. The first anthem (in the forning Prayer) was the first, second, and foutlh verses of the 84th Psalm, QaO m Dileela-(Richardson.) The first hymsn was, " Chlrist is made the sure Foundation"--(St. Werburgh) and the second, that before the sermon, was the well known hymn beginning with tlhese words--" Jesus calls ps o'er the tumult," &c.-;(Btti). In consequence of the length of the service there was no voluntary. TIhe preces and responses were Tallis', and the Tenite, that by Philip Hayes. The chants of thle Proper Psalms were by Hine, W. Hayes. and D.Purcell. The fe Deum, Gregorian fifth tone, second ending, and seventhl tone, first ending. The Kyries in the ante-Communion service were by Narer, in F, and the chant for tlhe Nicene Creed, by John Goss. The Sentences at the Offertory (a very large one) were read by Dr. Tufnell, thle Bishop of Brisbane; and the Prayer for thle Church Militant was said by Dr. Bromby, tihe Bishop of Tasmania. The Metropolitan then preached thle sermon. Text: Mntttlew iv., 19. "Follow me, and I will make you fishers of men." Thie sermon concludedin the following words: " The expenss of maintaining thle catlledral will be upwards of £1000 a year. For the greater part of this amount we rely upon the offertory alone. The seats in the cathedral are free, and at present the en dowment is small. I trust that yourcontributions on the present occasion will be larg~e and encouraging to those upon whom the responsibility of management rests, and that any dificulties oa thle score of expense will be removed by thie liberality with whilch on all occasions the worshippers offer of their substance to God. If duly maintained and properly managed, I doubt not that this cathledral will be to many whlat the apostle whose name it bears was to his brothler Simon. Andrew first found hlis own brother and broughlt him to Jesus. It sulely is the proper end of the Ministry to bear witness for Christ ! For a like purpose this cathedral is built. This lhouse of God is to be ' the gate ofl heaven.'" After the sermon the Holy Communion was administered. The entire service was of a Cathedral character, the morning prayers being very ably clhanted in mono tone, by tile Rev. J. Corlette, the precentor. The re sponses and the Psalms were chanted by seventy-six lay clerks and chloristers. The ofeLrtory was given to the Building Fund. His Excellency thie Governor and Lady Belmore were presenlt. Thie appearane of the interior during the services was very striking, the thousands of worshippers and occasional bursts of music lhaving a most impressivre effect. Mr. ,fontague Younger presided at thie organ, and, it is almost needless to say, did full justice to the remarkable powers of that instrument. The lmntinog was excellent; indeed the entire service appeared to give very great eatisfactien to all present, many of whom Ihad never before seen the interior of St. Andrew's.--S. f. Herald, December 1. 