jtyfett Of % $tt«L FREEMASONS PAINTED BY THEMSELVES. Part II. Quite recently some of the French lodges Came to the determination of omitting from their Constitution all mention of the existence of God and the immortality of the soul. M. Rebold thereupon addressed to Marshal Magnan the Grand Master, a protest, dated 3rd November 1864, in which he declares that a belief in the existence of God and in the immortality of the Soul is the basis of Masonry. He adds, that the general formula, Grand Architect of the Universe, was adopted from ancient times by the Masons, and accepted by men of all religious persuasions. And M. Hayman (Monde Macon toique. t. iv, p. 657) explains it to be a generic denomination of God, which every one may ac cept for the God he adores ; even those who do not believe in a God. At best, then, Freema sonry asserts a frigid deism. It admits of no mediator between God and man ; no order but the natural order ; no relations between the Deity and man, save natural ones such as they suppose existed at the begining. It is anti- Christian by reason of its effects, We do not see how art. 4 can be reconciled with art. 5. If the former be true, Masonry has a definite religion of its own, which makes it utterly imposible for any one to become a true Mason and at the same time retain his own faith. This is candidly admitted by the more advanced of the fraternity. ' When Masonry,' says M. Goffin, ' opens its temples to a Jew, a Mahometan, a Catholic, or a Protes tant, it is upon condition that he will become a new man, that he will abjure his past er rors, that he will lay down the prejudices and the superstitions of his youth. Without this, What business has he in our Masonic meet ing? what ideas is he likely to acquire there ?' Another direct result of this fifth article is an appalling religious indifferentism which is made one of the conditions of admission. Be sides, open war is here declared against Catho licism, which, of necessity, cannot tolerate error, although it may and does tolerate the erring. No Catholic who recites the creed with faith can possibly become a good Free mason. Finally, notwithstanding all its dis claimers of wishing to impose a religious system ; Notwithstanding its repeated promises to res pect and admit all forms of religious belief, Freemasonry deliberately asserts that it aims at supplanting all Churches founded on revelation, and establishing on their ruins the Church of Humanity. Its leading principles and method are anti Christian, by reason of their utter rationalism. 'Masonry addresses itself to the reason as the basis of conviction and certitude ; it addresses itself to the reason as the founda tion of universal morality ; it binds man to God, not by the mediation of an usurping theocracy, but through the sentiments and idea that God Himself has placed in the heart of man, made to his own image, to communicate immediately with Him. It is thus that it is willing and able to explain the great mystery of humanity.' After this admission, there can be no need of further evidence to show that Freemasonry is absolutely incompatible with supernatural Christian revelation. The social action of Freemasonry is exerted to to procure the substitution of pagan instead of the Christian civilization. On this subject we shall say nothing from ourselves. We invite our readers to follow a distinguished Mason in the account given by him of the present labors and tendencies of Masonry in Italy, Germany England, America, Asia, and Belgium. This discourse was adressed to his brother Masons on Occasion of the grand festival of the Order in 1883, and is to be found in full in the Monde Maconique, t. iv, p. 742-749 : ' In the Italian peninsula, Masonry looks on the last as one of its least important cares ; it has adopted a programme which expresses in the most accurate and precise manner the wants of the nations of our epoch Raising aloft the immortal device of our institution, it deduces from it all its natural consequences — complete and unrestricted manifestation of thought ; the union of all nations by means of the Masonic bond, and by the development of the idea of solidarity which is the result of Liberty, Equality, and Fraternity . . . . . . . Not only do our Italian brethren look after working men's associations and public instruction but they devote even to agriculture a share Of their time and efforts. . . . They pro claim their aversion for everything like monopoly, beginning with the worst of all monopolies— the National Banks. . . . The religious question likewise forms the most con siderable part of the programme of our Italian brethren ; but I hasten to say, not that religi OUs Question which tends to hinder men by dif ferences of rites, forms, and revelations, but the sole and only religious question which Masonry has raised in all times and in all ages, by proclaiming all beliefs to be equal, without caring for the exterior form, and by fostering a Worship of the Great Architect of the universe, an ideal superior to and earlier than every revela- tion and every professed dogma. In the north of Europe, Masonry follows a course more easy and less perilous : it mixes but little with the practical life of nations. More speculative than practical, it is content to sow in the hearts of its members seeds which sooner or later bud by coming to the surface. .. . . The dominant idea in the minds of these, our brethren, is the search after that social equality which we, children of 1789, do not lack, but which is wanting to our brethren beyond the Rhine, among whom birth, religions, and profes sions are impassible barriers in certain states and which only masonry helps to suppress.' As to English Masonry, we have already quoted some of the remarks of Mr: Hayman. He adds 'In spite of the reclamations often uttered against our brethren in England by the French persons, who look upon the English temples as something like churches, our institution plays an important part in England and America, be cause it has proclaimed love in the heart of a society that worships the individual, and be stowed a worship upon those who before had a cold enthusiasm. Nor is this all. The offshoots of Anglo-Saxon Masonry bear their fruits among the least civilized of men. In America there are lodges which affirm that all creatures have equal rights. ... On the banks of the Ganges, Masonry achieves what the political labors of centuries have not been able to accom plish. . . . The Indians are becoming Ma sons ; in the lodge they hear it proclaimed as a principle — all men are equal — rajahs and parias are brethren. This is the work of that English masonry, the efforts of which we sometimes hear slightingly spoken of. Coming nearer home, I am glad to look towards Belgium, that happy land, where our Order prospers and thrives. Our brethren there have concentrated their efforts upon one point, which in itself includes much of the mis sion of the progressive humanity of our day ; that point is the complete, absolute, and un limited assertion of liberty of conscience. And what labors, what attempts, what means have they not had recourse to ! Discourses, lectures, publications, everything has supplied opportuni ties to their activity, which exerts itself in all ways, and in all places. Disputes, municipal interests, election struggles — each day has brought them new cares. . . . Brother Verhaegan, the Grand Master of Belgium, has lately passed to a better world, filled with the thought of two things worthy of such a soul — the free university which is the refuge of free thinkers, the place where they gain fresh strength, and where, like the wrestlers of old they anoint themselves with that oil of truth that makes them strong. 'Masonry — if I have sufficiently described the labors of our brethren, and I have duly sketched the picture I had in view— Masonry is the ideal of nations, as well as of individuals, in which each one occupies himself according to the measure of his capacity and of his wants. Here affecting a political action, there a social character, elsewhere simply economical — every- where moral, — Masonry has one scope — that of setting men free from the physical and moral obstacles that hinder their development.' From this sketch, drawn by a friendly hand, of the work undertaken by contemporary Mas onry all over Europe, we can safely conclude that Masory addresses itself to solve all the great social and religious problems that can occupy men upon this earth. What region of human activity does it leave untouched ? Religion, education, administration, social and political economy, agriculture, industrial training, work ing men's associations — all are made the field of its labors. What channel of influence does it leave unused ? The press, the lecture hall, the popular instructor, the university, the primary school, the domestic hearth, are all turned to account. For every problem raised it has a so lution ready, based on the Masonic ideal. That ideal is not Christian, for it professes to rise superior to all dogmas ; it is an ideal of the earth, earthy. It rejects the work of cen turies of Christian civilisation, it ignores the Church, it takes no account of the Incarnation of the Divine Word, who came to be the way, the truth, and the life of the world. As if Christ had never redeemed man, as if He had never left behind him a Church to continue this work, as if there were no sacramental channels of divine grace to strengthen humanity when it faints by the way on its journey towards eter- nity, these men undertake to conduct society to perfect civilization upon principles of their own and independently of all revelation. Is it not clear, therefore, by their own admission, that they are not the friends of Christian civilization ? Of the anti-social character of its method we shall here furnish but one direct proof. The Freemasons aim at the possession of political power. From a document issued by the Grand Orient of Belgium to regulate the action of the brotherhood in case of elections we learn how the success of the Masonic candidate is secured. First of all, 'a Mason is proposed in the lodge ; and having been there elected by the members, subject to the approval of the Grand Orient, he is forced upon the brethren obedient to the lodge. Whether the election be national, pro- vincial, or municipal, the approval of the elect - by the Grand Orient is indispensable. Each Mason shall swear to use all his influence to se- cure the election of the adopted candidate.' The person elected by the Freemason shall be compelled to make in the lodge a profes- sion of faith, of which act a formal account shall be drawn up. He is requested to avail himself of the wisdom of his lodge, or of the Grand Orient in such important events as may occur during his time of service. The non observance of his engagements will ex pose him to severe penalties, even to expul sion from the order ; the application of these rigorous measures shall be left to the discretion of the Grand Orient. Any lodge which judges publicity to be of use, may make its own ar rangements to procure a notice in the news papers, but the Grand Orient reserves to itself the right of recommending such journals as are in its confidence. When once their candidate is returned, he is become their bondsman for evermore. As usual, we shall bring proofs from their own documents. A circular letter from the Grand Orient of Belgium, dated March 1st, 1856, contains a reply to the following question : ' Has a lodge a right to demand of oue of its members, who has entered into politics, explanations concern ing his political acts?' The answer declared that ' the lodge has not only the right, but the duty of watching the political acts of such of its members as it has sent into political life ; the duty of asking explanations whenever one or ' more of these acts do not tend to enlighten society with the torch of truth ; the duty of ac« cepting these explanations when they are satis factory, of expressing censure when they are not forthcoming, and even of cutting off from the Masonic body the members who deliberately have failed in the duties which their quality of Mason imposes upon them, especially in their public life. ' Now is it not plain that all this is a serious injury to the rest of the community. What can be more fatal to the best interests of society than that public men should be deprived of the liberty of following that line of political conduct which appears to them best calculated to advance the well- being of their country ? What can be more injurious to society than that men who hold political positions of trust should be sub ject to the authority of an irresponsible and un known tribunal, claiming the right to sit in judgment upon their conduct, and to bind them in a course which, perhaps, their conscience con demns ? It is especially dangerous when Free masons occupy the first place in the State. Is there not every reason to fear lest even the public authority might, in such a sense, be made use of to forward the views of the order ? Are Freemasons so perfect that they are above the temptation of employing their power for their own purposes ? And this danger increases a thousand fold when the education of the country is allowed to exist in the hands of a government which may be under the Masonic control. It is sad to think of a Catholic people, whose inno cent little ones born again of water and of the Holy Ghost, children of our Holy Mother the church, are handed over to be educated by men to whom the Catholic faith is a mockery and an abomination. What system will be followed in schools and universities under influences such as these men obey ? How many tempting baits will not be held out to the young to lead them astray ? (7 o he continued.) 