ADDRESS TO THE RATEPAYERS OF GAWLER. ;3I THE GHOST OlF HAB3C AX3TONT. {After ye Swcenqf Avon — Not of Gaufcr] Fexends, Citizens, Ratipatej&s;, lb^td bte xotra XAR3. I eome to defend McEwen, not to praise him. The evil that men do lives after them ; The good is oft interred with their bones — ? So let it be with Johnny. The noble Popham. Hath said his offer was ' indefinite.' If it were so it was a grievous fanlt j But since'twa? made McEwen hath amended it. 'Here, under leave of Dean and all the re^t (For Diean jsure is an honoiablo man. So are they all — all honorable men). Come 1 to speas aoout mc£iwea s oner. It was munificent — spontaneously made ; But Dean,- too. says it was indefinite— And Swann, who is an honorable man. You all have heard that to the Corporation This offer wps sent in. writ by a clerk ! The which they did refuse as 'being indefinite,' And Jones dedaresit an ' indefinite aiticle,** _ And sure he is a literary critie. I speak not to condemn what Fiankel epo^e, I For he would fain have given it farther thought ; But Howe declared it was indefinite, And he would make them a much better offer. Oh ! judgment, art. thou fled to Councillors f ^ Have ratepayers lost their reason ? Bear wiih' me; My heart in the Town Hall .with McEwen, And I must pause till it come back to me. 1 stCit. Methinks there is much reason in his sayings. * 2nd Cit. If thou, consider lightly ©f tbet matter, McEwen has had great wrong. 3rd Cit. Has he, masters-? I feor he may withdraw-his offer. . * 4 th Cit. Marked ye his worships -wpr^s? McEwen hath amended it, and modified ids first conditions; eoit is not j&iefeiita.;** 'l^lCSt lfitbie eo» ihey willdear alndeit if they accept it rot for the town. &u;£ CiL See the poor Editor ; his eyes axe red with tedious reporting. Srd CSi. There's no more liberal man in Gawler than John McEwen. . 4th Cit Now mark him, he begins again to speak. . _ .. ; . But three weeks gone .the offer of McEwen Was laid before the Gawler Corporation ; The same was also given to the Institute, Who were to be united with the* Council In his. ' munificent' gift. The Institute Unanimously moved a cordial vote of thanks, As»d members of th' Committee courteously Waited on John McEwen then to tender it, I While the uncourteous Councillors refused : TiS onforfoiii fhn ^ | Oh. masters, if I were disposed to star Your hearts and minds to'mu&ny; and ra sje, I should do Popham wrong, and Dean and Jones, Who you all know are honorable 'men. 4 I will not do them wrong; I rather choose To wrung McEwen, and myself and you. Than I will wrong such honorable men. But here's a letter signed by John McEwen, Also a plan drawn out by Mister Warren, To show more clear the land he means to give. Let but the townsmen hear this ' noble tffer' (Which, pardon me, I do not mean to read), And they would go and shake McEwen*s'hand- And drink his health at the Prince Albert bar ; Yea beg a hair of him for memory, And dying, mention is within their wills. Bequeathing it as a rich legacy ? ? Unto their issue. 4ft -XL We'll hear the letter. Bead it, your worship. Cits. The letter ! the letter! We will hear McE wen's offer. Have patience;, gentle friends; I mugt not . read it. * It is not meet you hear McEwen loved y ou. You are not wood, yon are not stones, or M Councillors — but men ; p And, being citizens, hearing McEwen's letter* It will inflame you — it will make you mad — To think the Council should decline his offer. 4ih Cit. Read it, your worship ; we will hear it. Yon shall read the letter; show us the plan. Will yon be patient? Will you stay awhile ? Jones says I'm ' oat of order' to tell you of it. I fear I wrong those honorable Councillors, Who passed a motion not to entertain it. 4th Cit They were humbugs j honorably men ! Cits. The letter ! the plan. 2nd Ot. They're only Councillors elecfesd for a year ; they'll be turned out. You will compel me then to read the letter ? ?ni ? -11 ? J 1..1. ? +U- lanJ inen come wiba mo oou upvu ww ******** And let me show you there the noble site For a Town Hall and Institute. Cits. Come on ! come on. 4th Cit. A ring ! stand round, make a ring. 1st Cit. There's not to be a fight ; we want no tniU upon the ground. v Cits. Stand back ; don't push so. Jf you feel indignation give it vent. You've all heard of this offer ; I was in 'The Council Chamber when it was presented By John McEwen himself in person 'Twas on a Tuesday afternoon, the 11th of August. The day o' the week th* Corporation meet AH in that dismal room behind the Town Clerk's office. Look ! on this* paragraph Jones had his donbta, 'Twas .an 'indefinite article' (Jones is a critic), I Ohl what objections Councillor Swann toa made ; Both thought McEwen should be sent for, That he might teii them plainly what he meant. Councillor Frankel thought it a line oner, And as a question of importance, moved. Further consideration of it by-and-bye. Councillor Popham seconded; but Dean did move The following .amendment; 'That McEwen'a letter In its present form now be not entertained.** Councillor Jones with, much 'self -sat lsfao- tioD ' seconded ; ; c was indefinite, and did not even agree -v7ith what McEwen said to hijn in conver sation. Then next the yell-beloved Popham rose, And stated Jus opinion that ' The letter, Indefinite was, and to be'sp was meant, Twas too good to be true be could not giva McEwen credit foi so muph munificence. But thought behind his seeming liberal offer He hid some sinister design. Thus be cast Reflections on McEwen's good intentions. I Yet Popham as you know was Johnny's angel, 1 Judge Oh ! ye ratepayers how much he loved him ! This was the most nnkindest cpt of all, For when McRwen heard what Popham said. Ingratitude more strong than Council votes Quits vanquished him ; .them' burst fotth mighty wrath And, 'dtheiWe' he cried;. 'and. is it that He's after saying of me ! well I'll shew him yet That I mean what I say; and Popham shall Answer, for this before -East Ward Ratepayers. We'll have a public meeting is the Hall Belonging to th' Oddfelfews j^Msxtin the Mayor Shall joccnnv the chair, and manr speaker* .^hall r ' ' - Address the ratepayer, andve will jsee Whether the Councillors ftbaU tripaiph orex ns.' '? Ah now. your dander's, riz, and I jjerceive' With th' Corporation' you've no sympathy. Kind souls! why ves yourselves t you but behold McEwen* letter slighted. Irfjok yp^here 'Tis your tarn ,-seLoes. ..these . Conhcilloes most have wronged. - 1 stCit. Oh ! the rascals. ' 2nd Cii. The .wretched duffers. 3rd Cit. Oh ! horrid Tuesday. 44& Cit. Oh ! wis- representatives. AH Citizens. We will be revenged ; about, to the right-about, we'll turn them oat, on 4h» first day of December. Good friends, sweet friends, let not Stir you up To such.a.sudden fipod of mutiny ; They, that reject the land are htmorahle ; What private griefs they have, a^aa I. kstqwpot. That made theia .do.it; they are wLe and honorable. And wBl no 4oabt with reasons answer.you, Why they do not desire a fine Town He^IL I come not friends steal away your^earts; I am no orator like Jones, or Swann, Or Bern, or Howe, or Poph^jp ; But as you know me all a plaia.bl)int.naan That wish the public good; ^a^- jhat they * knQW Who kindly gave me leave to ^peak to yoa t 1 F or I have neither wit, nor ^ords».nor worth. Action nor utterance, nor the power of speech, To stii men's blood- I only speak right on I tell you what you know, that trawler wants An Institute, a Council Chamb»jr, and Towjsr Tftr.r. ; jShew yon the land so genergoslyoffflred ^ To erect these ptvblic buildings on ; explain That thres^ounhs of the money ia as goOd as ready, And bid &c;^s.speak for me; bat/weca I Pogham.. And Popham someone dse; them were an .orator Would rouse year enecgns, and put a tongne In every word of Mac's, that it should move ? Ttbe very stones of Gawler up to rise Aud b^dthamselvea iato a TTiT.T.. »' 