MR. WALTER MONTGOMERY'S RECITATIONS. Mr. Montgomery gains more and more upon the estimation of the public, as was testified on Saturday afternoon, when there was an exceed-<*> ingly large attendance at White's Rooms, con- sisting not only of young people, but of those of more advanced years, and including many of our leading colonists. That Mr. Montgomery should achieve this success is, however, no more than his rare and versatile talents are worthy of. In him dead men apeak again, and it is at times difficult to realise the fact that we are simply listening to a recitation. Every gesticu lation, every expression of countenance are in keeping with the word* that are being uttered. There ia nothing labored, no visible anxiety evinced to prodooe effect, although it follows aa the natural result Undoubtedly Mr. Mont gomery ha* largely the faculty of employing art and, at the aame time, concealing its ase. His recitations are calculated at once to enter tain, refine, and instruct every one. The programme commenced with two selec tions from Shakspaare, "Othello's Address to the Senate," and"Wolsey'a Farewell."Othello's indignant repudiation of the charge of having used witchcraft in securing the affections of Deademona waa admirably riven, and Wolsey'g relenting* and cage counsel to Cromwell were equally well rendered. Then followed "The Bell*, * executed aa on previous occasions, with an effect almost incredible, there being distinctly heard in the reverberation of the speaker* voice the ejund of the different description of bell*. Next came two of Tom Hood* humorous poems, viz., " Ben Battle" and " Mary** Ghost." Mr. Montgomery i* v much at home in the comic a* in the tragic, and these pieces kept the audience in roan ef laughter. Not a pun was lost; the cleverness of Hood—a " man of in finite jest"—wm shown to the beat advantage. The programme closed with one of Lord Maoiulay's Lay* of Ancient Borne, *' The Legend of Horatio*"—a magniftoant specimen ef oanmMitioa; and Mr. Montgomery did the I great historian full justice. His rendering of the descriptive pert* was as the narration of something he bad personally seen. The poem , i* lengthy, but the attention of the audience wa* enchained throughout its delivery, and they appeared for the time aa much interested in the fate of Horttia* as the Roman spectators were, and when the noble fellow had " struggled throagh the raging flood safe to the landing place," the company could have joined ia tbe cheering, so thor<>ughly were their feelings aroused. In the evening there waa a very good though not crowded attendance. The front seat* were very fairly filled, and we noticed Hi* Excellency Colonel and Mra. Hamley among those present. The entertainment commenced with the reading of the scene from " Borneo and Juliet," in which Mereutio and Benvolio tease Borneo about hi* love,"whereinbe sticke*tnptotheear*;"*odthe former gives the charming description of Queen Mab, "the fairies' midwife." Mr. Montgomery's rendering of this selection was sufficient to ?tamp him a* a perfect master of hw art; but hi* greatest triumph was reserved for the trial scene from the " Merchant of Venice,'' in which with marvellous and exquisite skill he individualised the whole of the characters, from the Jew to the Recorder of the Court, (n introducing the selection he said it waa the most difficult task he had yet under taken in that room; and certainly it was the most genuine of his successes. The other pipers on the programme were " The ! Bell*" and " The Bloomsbury Christening," bath of which were giv.n with that degree of taste and expression which Mr. Montgomery ; possesses in an eminent degree above all public elocutionists we have previously had here. In answer to the loud plaudit* which followed the recitation of " The Bella,"and at the particular request, aa be said, of a gallant friend, he gave Hood's humorous poem " Ben?atUe." During the entertainment, in announcing that Ins Beading* would be limited to next week, ex cept upon aa occasion for the benefit of a public charity, he returned hi* hearty thanks for the patronage he had met with ; and said he had not expected such targe audiences as he had been favored with, after the reception he had had at the Theatre, and which had placed a large amount of money into hi* and Mr. Cop pia's pockets. This evening he will recite " Macbeth" from memory, individualising every 