LAYING 1WB- F OUNM.7ION STONE OF? ST;, MARTS SOMAN CATHOLIC OATHEDBAL. ft-om the Eoemnqsliewt of. Tuesday. THIS day, at noon, the: benediction and - the ceremony of Faying the foundation stoiie of St. Mary's Cathedral, ncoording to the Soman Pontifical .service, took plaoe in. the presence of a large 'multitude of pereons ofail ranks, and of different creeds. The weather was' de- - lightful. The day selected was the Festival of the Immaculate Conoeption of her in whose honor, the Cathedral, is to. be named. It is not mueh more than three years since a conflagration degtroyed-the old Cathedral, which had for years been the pride of the Boman Catholics of this colony. The calamity was so unexpected and disheartening to our fellow-citizens of the Boman Catholic Church —and BO universally regretted by the colour ists generally-^that persons of nearly every religious persuasion united in practical sympathy towards rebuilding on the ruins of the former Cathedral an edifice of superior grandeur and strength. At that time there was a spirit of charity and religious tolerance evoked which, unhappily, has been rudely shaken by recent events. It was, therefore, with.mingled feelings of pride and gratification on the part of Boman Catholics, that when the foundation stoiie was to be laid to- day, they saw people of nearly every denomination in attendance to witness the ceremony. At an early hourthe bells of St. Benedict's were ringing joyfully, and by 10 o'clock the principal.streets of. the city were alive with citizens and: visitors from the country, including not only Catholics, but many of other creeds in holiday attire. By Boman Catholics the event will be looked upon as perhap3 the most auspicious, that has ocourred in the history of their -church in this colony, the more especially as the local head of their denomination, who was so intimately linked with all the pleasing associations of the old Cathedral, has been spared by Divine wisdom to lay and bless tbe foundation stone of tbe new one. His Grace the Yenerable Archbishop Pold' ing,. accompanied by the Boman Catholic Bishops of Maitland, Bathurst,- Goulburn, and Enosj ihe Boman C'aiholio .clergy of tbe arch-diocese,and by a large number of clergy from the interior, assembled in the pro-Cathedral, shortly, after 10 o'clock, where tbey vested the Archbishop and Bishops in cope., mitre, &c.; The Archbishop carried his pastoral staff. The procession was -formed in the pro-Cathedral, and moved shortly before 1J. o'clock towards the site of the new buildin_ headed by the cross-bearer and acolytes., who were followed by a number of sanctuary boys. Then came the .clergy and deans, tbe bishops vested in cope, mitre, &a.;, and bis Or ace the Archbishop veBted over his rochet with amiee, alb, girdle, stole, cope, plain mitre, and carry- •iughi8paetoralstaffor£rozier. The Archbishop was immediately preceded by the archiepieeo. pal cross-beater, with acolytes > They entered the grounds by the gate facing St. Mary's Koad, and preeeeded^lirect to the. platform, which had been specially erected for tbe accommodation of those who were to take part in the ceremony. At this moment the sight was grand. Among the spectators were to be noticed hundreds of our mo>e prominent citizens, hundreds of gaily dressed ladies, and a .dense mass, of our-Catholic fellow colonists. Amongst those present were noticed Mr. W. A. Duncan, Mr. j. Mullens .^Labour Bazaar), Mr. W. B. Dalley, Mr..Justice .Faucctt; M. St. Just, Spanish .Consul, in uniform.; J. Curtis, his Worship the Mayor, Aldermen Caraher, Merriman, Hurley,Chapman, Steel, Hordern, Murphy,Butler,in official costume j Mr. Blanchard, Captain Purcell, Mr. Cropper, J.P. ; Mr. Coveney, J. Moore, M. Sentie, French Consul^ 33. Bennett, barrister; Montagu Seott, artist, who was t»king a sketch of the -scene; S. Hourigan, J. Donovan, Mr. Plunkett, M.L4X:, I, A. Murry, President of tbe legislative Council; J. Hurley, M.L.A.;; Dr. Forrest, Recto? of St. John's College, and students. -On the platform were about £0 Boman Catholic clergymen, besides the bishops previously earned,, and a few Sisters of Charity. Tbe ceremony commenced shortly after 11 o'clock. The Archbishop, having laid aside his crosier and mitre, began the prayers, and invoked a blessing on the salt and water to be used on tho occasion. After the usual prayers had been said, the Archbishop put the salt into the water, in the form of a cross, and -said avhen so doing,-" JDet there be male a mjnglingofsa.lt,and .waterequally. Io the name oftlie Father, and of the Hon, and of ihe Holy >Q-hoet. Amen." This being done, his -Grace ithen giid .the following prayer.-:— "•(Jed, the author -erf unconsidered strength and sking of insuperable majesty, ever glori- ,ousW .-triumphing, who dost crush the power of all adverse domination, and subdue the .cruelty .of the roaring .enemy, who dost mightily .vanquish hostile wiokedness, thee, Lord, trembling and suppliantly, we be-, seech, and ask that .thou mayest.vouchsafe to look upon this .creature of salt .and water benignly to shine upon it, and to sanctify it with the dew of thy goodness; that wherever it shall be sprinkled, by .the invocation of thy holy name, nil the molestation of the unclean spirit may be removed, and tbe terror of the venomous ^serpent may be driven far away, aud the presence of the Holy Spirit may vouchsafe everywhere to be present to us, be- seeching thy mercy. Through our Lord Jesus Christ thy.SOD, who liveth and reigDeth witb thee, iu tbe unity of the same Holy Spirit, G-od, world without end. Amen. u Then his Grace .put on his mitre and the cathedral choir, assisted .by the choirs from other .churches, chanted the antiphon—'Signum salivtis pone, Domipe Jesu Christe, in loco jsto, ct non permittaa introire angelum percutientcm;" and theeighty-third Psalm in Latin. Theantiphon and psalm boing ended, his Grace, stauding towards the place to be sprinkled by him, his mitre being laid aside, offered another prayer beseeching tbe Almighty to visit this pUce through the interceding merits of Blessed Mary ever Virgin, and of all saints, with the serene watchfulness of His goodness, and purify, by the infusion of Hia Grace from all pollution, and keep it purified ; and as he fulfilled the devotion of His well-beloved David,an the work of his 6on Solomon, so in this work vouchsafe to perfect their desires; and may all spiritual wickednesses bod riven away from hence. Through our fcprd Jesus Christ, thy SOD, who liveth andd-eigneth with Thee, in the unity of the Holy Spirit, God, world without «ud. Amen. The Archbishop having ascended tueplat- $??•?• *be Suffragan Bishops, the clergy, and laitv, the Itey.P-tdre Bariiant"rpK»ched a most eloquent awaon, appropriate to the occasion, , After the sermon. Afessrs, W.. Coveney and J.Mullens approachle'd~theA^ on behalf of thelaityVpraienjtod his Grace with agoldep trowel; V?.. V „• . The ArchbiBhop, foUowed by theBuSragans and- clergy/then walked ip procession Tound the foundations of the.future Cathedral, the choir chanting the usUal antiphon and.ps^n:, and sprinkled with the : water l^e has blessed, first tbe place wheref the cross was plaoed.neer the chief stone, and then the foundations. This having be«n done, hU.G-rape came to^tbe foundation stone, which he blessed andagain Bprinkled, prayers being also offered. Then taking the.golden trowel,' -bis Grace marked the stone in each part with .the gign of the cros9, saying—In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy- Ghost. Amen, Afterwards, some-carpet was placed upon the ground, and on it a fald- stool, on which -the Bishop, having put on his mitre, knelt down. Then were said the " Litanies of ihe Saints," which being ended, the Bishop, having laid aside his mitre, rose, and standing towards jtbe foundation stone, offered up another prayer. Mortar having been provided and tbe mason being at hand, his Grace, with ^ his mitre on, began (the choir follo.wiog him) the antiphon " Mane Surgenes Jacob Ereybat, and psalm csxvi. His 0race, standing with his mitre, then touched and properly adjusted the first stone in the foundation,saying this prayer, " In the faith of Jesus Christy we^etthis first stone in this foundation t in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, that true faith may flourish here, and the fear of G-od and brotherly love^ and that this placi may be devoted to prayer and to the" invocation and praise of the name of the same Jesus Christ our Lord, who, with the Father and the Holy Ghost, liveth and ueignetb, God, world without end. Amen." In a cavity underneath the foundation stone were deposited copies of the Sydney Morning Herald, Empire, FreernarCs. Journal, and Even, ijtjj News. When the foundation stone had heen laid, and tbe cej-emony .of sprinkling with holy water concluded, Mr. W. Dalley, on behalf of the laity, read and presented to his-Grace a arery beautiful address. His Grace acknowledgedftbe graceful complim^ntthus paid ,to him, and while he thanked the people of all creeds for their generous support in .enabling him to have proceeded thus far with the work of reconstructing the new Cathedral, his .Grace pointed .out totho^e of his own flock the desirability of their contributing as much as their means would allow towards the completion of the .work they had so" nobly begun. The ceremony having concluded., his Grace, tbe Snffragan Bishops, and .clergy, returned in procession to .the prorcathedral, while tbe multitude lingered about -the foundations of the new cathedral, and nearly all touched the chief coruer itone ere they .departed homewards. THE ALLEGED FENIAN ICONSPIEACT.— THE DOCUMENTS.—The bon, the Premier on Thursday evening .said that the folio wing day he would have the documents in the-posseaaion of Mr. Parkes, if the criminal law would enable him- to obtain them. This was tbe-aubjectof-muchinterest, and some jocose inquiries yesterday. In tbe afternoon the Assembly chamber was orowded with persons anxious t'o get .early information of the real state of things. But the documents were not forth- 1 comiug. We are informed, however, that the hon. the Premier has placed :the matter' iu tbe hands of the Attorney-General, and requested -that hon. and learned .gentleman to leave nothing undone .which is necessary and legal to obtain possession; of the papers in question. In yesterday's report of Mr. Parkes's observations in reference to these documents, the word not is omitted from a sentence very important in its bearing. We reprint the senten ce wi t h th a passage corrected;. —" The documents, when they are.produced —and I am prepared to produce tbem at the earliest moment practicable (I certainly could not ohtain them to-day, but they shall be produced before many days)—those documents are in my keeping. They will justify all I bare said, and they will prove that the hon. gentleman who has made this motion is not justified in .anything he haB 6aid. He has read extracts from my two 6peeohes at Kiama, where this statement of mine was first made, and .where it was repeated.; but ia there one word .in either of these statements implicating any particular religious eection of,tbe community.? ^Cheers.) He there ,one word in those statements implicating any nationality? ((Cheers.) The hon. gentleman introduces the word ' Fenian Vr-the <term 'Irish'—the term-'Boman Catholic.' I used none of these terms, and I do not hesitate to say that the papers,in my possession ..would jnot j ustify me in .using .any .of .those terms.*' " J —Having reference to -this .subject., Mr. Macleay has given notice that on Tuesday next he will move,—" That a -select .commit. -,tee, with power tto eend for persons And papers, be appointed to -inquire into, and report upon, the existence .of .a conspicaoy ifqr purposos of treason an d assassina t ion—alleged by a former Colonial Secretary, to have .sub* eieted in this 'ioountryand (to ieceiv,e evidence that may ,be tendered; or .obtained, concerning a murder alleged .by the .same person to have heen perpetrated, hy .one <qr more of such oonspirators,—the vviqtim .of which murder is stated to be unknown .to the police. That such committee .consist ,of Messrs. Bobeptson, Martin, jForster, jParkes, Samuel, Kagar, Brown, Boskins; Stewart, the mover." I/ast .summer .an agriculturist required several reapers. A number offered themselves, and were engaged with -the exception of one—a small Irishman. " faster, won't you hire me.f" inquired the man. "No," said the farmer. '"Why not?" "Because you are too little. 4 ' " Too little.?" exclaimed the astonished Irishman, " does you honor reap you grain at the top ?" What could the former do but roar with laughter, and eend tbe little man to join bis .comrades ia the field. THE BET. THOMAS SMITH.—This gentleman, having obtained eighteen months' leave of absence from his congregation; will, with bis family, leave for Bngland by tbe ship Colonial Empire, about the end of tbe month. Herald. 