a ghost at a telegraph station. (From Readings by Starlight.) ' I am not a believer m ghosts ; and though I con fess I have my misgivings respecting the lato la mented Marley's spirit as set forth by Mr Dickens, I cannot say that I am entitled to rank among tho " spiritualists " of. the present day. However, notwithstanding my scepticism, the tale I am about to rolato made a strong impression on me, as tho in cidents boro tbo stamp of truthfulness. I will en- deavour to make my readers acquainted with tho circumstances, and leave them to draw their own conclusions,, merely premising that I have no reason to doubt the veracity of the , narrator,. whq reoorded the facts as Ilia own experience, / _ s ( Z,.T . .. Two summers ago, I had intended taking a short tour in Ireland. It was tho olose of .ithe week ) all my arrangements were made >fdr a start on Mon day, aud i had just dispatched a letter to my frituds to apprise thenl "of the' time I Cxpeoted" to arrive it! tho Irish Capital, when a's'uddfeh1 pieci of rie#8'8oai«i polled me to postpone my visit. Next morning, after breakfast, I determined! (Sunday though it was) to set off to ;H to iu-! form my Irish friends by telegraph of my detention: in London, and my inability to start < next, day as arranged. , ' ' ' ' Passing through the village I soon entered the station,, the Bilenee o£ whioh was very, .striking1 compared with its usual' bustling, week-day appear- ; auce. No busy porters trundled ' heavily-laden; .trucks, no scroaming whistle or clanging bell gave notice of an approaching train, and the offices were all, closed: At last T Unearthed a grAasy-looking porter froin a Ianip-Shed/ who, in reply to my en- qtiiry respebting'the "trausmiSsiori of. a telegram, in- 1 fqrined mo that. the . clerk wasn't in attendance .on ' Sundays/ and if I wanted him , I must, fetch, him/ from his house, which stood at the further end of - the village, and beyond the little church, whose' golden weathercock I could see gleaming through the trees at, some distance., , By no mean3 pleased at this addition to my Walk, I obtained the requi site information to .enable mo ,to find the clerk's residence/ and set off on 'my expedition. ' Ten minutes brought me to the churchyard, through whioh a number of the villagers were rambling pre vious to the opening of the church doors; and passing on, I soon arrived at the house I Was in quest of. Id reply to my knock, a little girl opened the door, and in answer to my remark respecting the .telegram, I was ushered into tho presence of the /individual. of' /whom I was in search. A few words explained my business, and we were soon eii route; My companion, being of -a communicative turn of mind, gave me glimpses of village gossip as we pro ceeded, slowly .towards the railway station, whence 'in a few minutes ihorb my message was flashed to the head offioe in Londou. v I ,r : : >; i ' I suppose you did not expect to be disturbed on .Sunday morning,' said I, aail paid for .the message and prepared for my departure. ' No, I did not,' replied tbe.olerk,'.' for I never; Waq Wanted but once before on Sunday, and that wasn't" by man, woman, or. child either.., .,;;„ic iKi. . „r: <n,I,-.i : ' No 1 byi'Whom; then l'-I. aeked 'with/a smile! 'Well, Sir/ I knowybu'll laiighif I'tell'yon'wbat'I think, but I always. say it was a ghost that, galled me iip that'mbrhing.'T ; H" , ri"a"-.«'-';S . " ; ' A :|Ho'st l'/'.siiid I/; f 'dq'.'yflir belibve f iii gUobts, ' Well, ybii be/'T ddn't and I'do.'if ' yd'u'ddaerstahd me. I think there are times when spirits, are per mitted to come to us, ahdTfancy that my ghost was a true one.' . . . Did the/ghost epmbltdAvam'iybuIthen.Vv-'lfasked/ ' No, not exactly ; it came to me to send a tele- gram.';,,., vlepccnnluiiian: ,Yislfl»87fJ t#a5ilissiO. This was more than my gravity could endure, and 1 W ini' p 'Tknew yoti d laugh,' Said the clerk, smiling him self.; 'but.I assure yon it's a.iaot.1 ,.i.n , Did the ghost. /send /a message, to itpffiqdy; then ?' t mnnaged.to ouquire as sgon asl hadiiniaome dea gree recovered breath.- 'No, Sir, not that; ffiutrit sent a message. for/a body,' was the reply.i'ne evr.i.iv ' I should very much like to hear the circum stances,' said I 1 if you will tell me them, though I do not believe in ghosts generally.' 'Well, Sir, if you really wish to hear the story, this is how it was; and Seating liimself upon the office stool, the clerk, commenced as follpiys : — It was ono- Saturday evening; just after' I caffie here, that I Was detained very late, having a lot of busi ness to clear up," and so when I w'erit' to bed I vias asleep in a minute, and, contrary id' ffiy/nbual cus tom, began to dream. I thbught, Sir,. thatsomS ode. was thumping at the bedroom door, and.. though /I, repeatedly called to tho person to come in, the door remained shut. At last, impatient of delay, I fancied I jumped up and looked out, but no one was to bo seen outside the door. I forget exactly what came next, but it was something connected with the tele< graph here, and then I heard, a woman's voice call out ' Lockbart ' twice. Then came more hammer ing, and I awoke. but the knocking still continued. Convinced that this was tho noise I had heard in my dream, I hastily, put on a few things and went to the door to enquire tho reason of the disturb ance. Recognising the voice of one oE the railway porters, I opened the doer, when the man informed me that tho telegraph hell was ringing like mad, apd bo was afraid something was the matter.', It was pretty light by this. time, so Idressed and, hastened to tho station, whither tho porter had re turned. As I entered tho office I heard tho bell be gin to ring, and as I approached the instrument 1 could seo the needles were in violent action. Signalling that I vyas in attendance, I awaited the message,' whioh was from N , and to the effect that a collision bad occurred near -that place which is, as I daresay you know, about eight miles off, and I was to . send assistance at, once. I .im mediately dispatched messages to the stationmaster and doctors here, gave orders that tho porters should bo called, ; and. then, taking upon my Self to stop a down ' goods ' - which now appeared id sight, I pressed the engine into my service. By tho time the doctors had arrived, I had shunted the ' goods ' and got a train of Carriages ahd' some trucks ready on the down lino, and had replied to1 N-A-i.-; that assistance was coming, and that tho down trains had been stopped. 1 had not been seated long at my desk after this when the door opened,; and a Very pretty, though extremely pale and fragile-looking girl entered. She was dressed in a shepherd , plaid travelling oostume, and seemed ill and weak. Silently she took from tlie window one of tho telegram forms which lay there, as you see them now, Sir, and, af(cr writing something handed the message to me- . Sho then turned slowly round, and left tho placo without a W'brtl, or oven/ raising her eyes from the ground. A stonished at her sudden appearance and departure, I ran to tho window to see which way, sho had gone, but I could perceive no traco of her in any direc tion. Iliad mechanically rotained tbo paper she1 had placed iu my hand, and it now occurred to mo that tho lady, whoever., sho mffilit be, had forgotten to pay for the transmission of tlio message. I therefore ran out and questioned thg port or at the gate as to who my visitor was, thinking, as she was pro bably a resident, lie liqd recognised her; hut to my astonishment ho declared that iio one had pa'ssed him, which sho must have done to enter or leave , tho station. Convinced that be was mistaken, and had loft liis wibket open, I said bb much, aud some angry words onsued, Concluding, however, that the message was in some way , cbnnootbd with tho 'accident, 1 returned to telegraph it ; but fancy my astonishment, when, upon glancing over tho paper, I I perceived the name of ' Lockhart,' the same; I 'had heard repeated in my dreain that morning, and which had then boon, I now recollected, somehow iconueoted witli tho telegraph. ' / ; Dqterminod to seo the Olid, of tliis extraordinary (coincidchco, I dispatohed tho telegram which was as follows :— . " From Amy Lockhart. to N. Lookhart, Esq., St. John's Wood. A collision lias occurred at N Come at once." I was more astonished than before, at the con tents of the message. The fabt that Miss Loekhatt having travetsed tho distance (quite eight miles) between the scene of the collision and this plaoo in so short a time appeared miraculous. I ponderad upon this until the whistlo of an approaoliing train aroused mo from my reverie. Upon going out upon the platform . I found that tho train had. returned from N — with some of tbo sufferers by tho collision. I assisted to convey those hurt to the carriages, waiting to reeeiva thorn, and never shall I forgot tho sight that presented itself that day ; but I will not horrify you by detailing the appearance of the shattered and helpless forins of tho unfortu nate passengers who werb'carofully bostowed in the several conveyances, and driven slowly to the hotels, where preparations had already been made for their reception. 'All were out of the carriages, as I fancied, when I was called to tho rear of the train by the station. master, and upon looking into the ' break ' van to oni quire the reason of tho summons, I recoiled witli horror, for lying upon tho floor of the carriage were three persons (two women and tl man) quite dead, One of the women must liavo expired instantly, as it was evident tlie back was broken, but upon the faces of the others no traces of pain were visible. ' As I leant forward to offer any assistance in my power, my eyes fell upon the features of the younger of ths two females, aud I drew back in horrified amazement, for in the still and resignod face befoto me' I immediately recognised the lineaments of the young lady who had come to my office a short time previous to tho arrival of the train.- 'When I saw tho young lady's body, I was, as you mny imagine, shooked beyond expression, and quite unable to assist in removing it with the others from the van. Mr V— — - (the atatiodmastor); doubtless imagining that the sight had unmanned me, desired rao to return to the office, and not -at tend to anything further. - ,f-,The three bodies were subsequently ' conveyed to , the Railway Hotel to await the inquest, and in! tho - meantime I made the stationmaster acquainted with the circumstances relating to the sudden ap-1 . pearance of the young lady. . He was at first in clined to treat the whole affair as a delusion, but .whence showed him tjhe paper he yas fairly ppzzlod; and said we had better wait and see if Mr Lockhart' game do\vn in reply to the telegram. , . . t A tram irom London drrived here early in thej afternoon, and sure pnough, Sit1, ..one. of the first jtoj alight and to, make enquiries. respecting the accident! /was a gentleman who said his name was Lockhart,! and that he had been summoned from London by a /telegram be had received at his reaidenoethat morq»! ing, Ho enquired who had sent the telegram; and was referred to me. . He jjhen made enquiries, tor! his daughter, \vho ho was afraid might have sus- tained some slight injury, and expressed a wish to; see her immediately. I then, apologizing for . the | question, asked him in return what his daughter's! appearance was. He told me, pale, tall, /.and! probably dressed iu half-mourning. I was afraidi to tell him that I feared .the. worst (for, remember, Sir, I had iio groof that the young lady I had, .seen; in the van ,wa3 . Miss Lockhart; it was only tlie! coincidence qf the" telegram' that made .me fancy, it) was she), j, therefore referred' him to .the hotel, j where a number of people who. had . come down . were . already .glamouring to gain some information ! respecting/ friends , :and. neighbours. : i was.',' moro ! Sorry for Mr Lockhart, I can tell you, Sir, he seemed ; to /take on so ;/and when he beard for certain that his daughter was dead, they told me he fell down in a fit. . /' : ' / ///// , 'She wak . his only, child, and had never, loft ' him since her /mother's,/ death,, till .a month .be.- i fore, and she' was;, returriingj from .' a .visit at .the / house of an old friend when she was cut off. , ./ i : , ',Mr Lockhart, , was . ill for.eome weeks, /and 1 hever saw'his pgog daughter afterthe.day of the accident. , 7 ' — . 7 . ' She' .was buried, in the little churchyard over there Jong -before he recovered from his illness. -: ' The other sufferers had all been removed ' by their friends, but it v/as sad to think that poor Misi Lockhart was borne to the grave, While her only rffi lative near Was lying at death's door, and she 'was carried to her 'last long rest' by strangers. : / ' Mr Lockbart recovered after many weeks, and he frequently comes here now, Sir, to soe his daugh ter's grave iu the little churchyard. " He questioned me about the telegram, and i told him all as it had occurred. He hat hten very kind to me,' and says he is convinced that it was the spirit of bis daughter that came' to inform him' of the accident; and, indeed, Sir, I can give id other explauatiou of the sudden appearance of the young lady that morning. I've got the telegram at' Lome now, and you can see itany day you wish/ Sir.', That's all about my gliost, and don't you consider 'I am justified in thinking that spirits are permitted to visit the earth at times ? ' I- confess, ' said 1, 1 that your, story has impressed hie very stroDgly, and am much obliged . to you for your narrative." , I Well,', replied ,the clerk, raising from the stool on which he had hitherto been seated, ' all I. can say. is I have told yoii a'iriie' story, and I can show ,yo«i the youog lady's gravo in the churchyard and the ItSlegraph paper, which I have still' retained.' i .Curious to see tho ghostly record, I consented to aoetimpany him, and having inadfe all sfeaure1, 'the olerk ldd the way from the Station,- and by crossing' ! a field we soon reached the churohjiard. Here my conductor struck1 into a retired path, and pasiifig behind the ohurob, from whose open windows pOutCd' ithe full tide of praise from the congregation assem» ! bled within the ancient walls, we paused in front ;ofa small grave upon the headstone of whioh1 I read the name of Amy -Lockhart, and the date and 'manner'Of her early death. ' ' i ' Now, Sir,' said the elerk, ' if you please to oo- jcompany me home I will lot you see the telegram.' 1 When we reached tho house, my oompanion opened the door with a latch-key, entered a small /sitting-room on the ground floor, and-openinga little cabinet which stood at the further corner of tho room, took thence a paper which he handed to |ine. I turned to the window, for the characters ; wore small and delicate; and read the contents of /the telegram, whioh were word for word as my /companion had stated them to be. Many times since have I'ptizzled over the stqrjU. have just related, but I have never yet been, able to /arrive at any satisfactory solution 6f the' mystery /contained iu the telegraph elerk'S nftfritivo told at H — — upon that Sunday morning. // /' //, , A funny stofy of ah .irishman 'is lold by 'the /Ararat Advertiser ;A-" At a claiita ifot a hnndred |mitfcs from Flefisaht Creak, an amusing ciroUm- /staUce 'ocburred to one of the workmen, who we (shall say is en Irishman of but rtoBnt expe rience in gold mining, and Whb tves put on to /mihd (ha break which regulated ' the lowering ./and raising of the water tank. Our friend got -intci the management of hfs department/ of the (business very 'quickly, and' ' took to it with an i energy wliioli was at once pleasing to the mana-' ger and promising- for the prospects of the nCw comor ; tho more so, as tho job was ofiO that re quired, a 'minimum of mahukl labour' with ' a maximum of attention. Unfortunately, how ever, for the prospeots of the blythe wotkman, who raisad aud lowered the tanks with tho most /indefatigable perseverance, the tank on one oc casion got fixed inextricably in the well, and the rope being a stout one, the resistance was so 'great that it stopped the engine. The driver called out from the engine-house, 'Now then, ;wbat the — — are yon up to ?' ' The divil a ono o' mo knows,' replied the breaksman, run ning in despair to the edgo of the staging ; and -thep struck with an idea ho returnod to the moqth of tho shaft, and cried down to the work men, 1 Noue o' yer tricks below thoro, ye, divils j Idon't ye seo ye'ro stoppin' the indinn ; let go the rope, can't ye.'". What a simple Fat ! -- 