who have visited the people in their homes while holding frequent meetings during the week in the evenings. God has shown His approval of these special services by the many conversions which occurred in connection with them. It would be well if all the Churches were thus to fall in with God's method of working with and blessing souls. Wherever during the year there has been much blessing there has also been much close personal dealing with souls by means of individual conver- sations. The private appeal has followed the public preaching of the truth. 'The history of the year shows us that if the pecuniary means could he found the Association would act wisely in sustaining several evangelists, whose mission should be to visit the several places unsupplied with ministers, and occasionally remain- ing at one place a month or two, visiting during the time from house to house. One brother has been so engaged during the last six months, and to the full satisfaction of the Committee. 'There has been scarcely any increase in the number of places taken up by the Association during the year. One reason of this is that our available labourers are few. The Committee have not felt justified in incurring any heavy pecuniary responsibilities in sending to England for fresh ministers. At present Kapunda, Gawler, Magill, and Aldinga are in need of settled ministers. Steps have been taken to secure some ministerial help from the other colonies, but without success except in one instance. 'We are thankful to be able to report that through the very generous liberality of an esteemed friendof the Saviour's cause, the Kapunda Church has been relieved of the greater portion of a very heavy debt. But for this timely and valuable assis- tance it must have been to some a cause of grave anxiety how to meet the obligations entered into in more prosperous times. It is gratifying also to mention the erection during the year of a good and substantial chapel at Morphett Vale. A new chapel has been erected at Mount Gambier, and was opened for worship on last Sunday. 'A Church has been established at Norwood, as reported at the half-yearly meeting, and another Church has been formed at Stockport, with a goodly number of members, and it is hoped that new chapels will be erected there and in the neighbour- hood during the year. The public services of wor- ship have been discontinued at the chapel between Mount Pleasant and Tungkillo, owing to its disad- vantageous situation. The chapel at Port Lincoln has not been reopened. 'The studies of Mr. John N. Birks have been carried on throughout the year. At the termina- tion of Mr. Birks' course of study it is intended that he should undergo a close examination. 'The year past has been marked by the origina- tion and sustentation of the monthly magazine Truth and Progress. At the last annual meeting the proposal was first broached as to our establish- ing a serial, to be a means for disseminating infor- mation, and for the quickening of religious thought and life among the Churches. In January the first number was issued. The Committee of the Asso- ciation are not held responsible either for the views expressed, or for the pecuniary liabilities incurred. One thousand copies have been printed per month. Owing to the appearance in another magazine of articles on the question of baptism, the pages of Truth and Progress have been more largely occupied with controversy than would be held desirable in the future. There is a willingness to discuss other questions of a practical and important character, but the discussion must be restricted to narrow limits, and a finis placed at the point of usefulness. The success attained, judged by the copies taken, is encouraging: but it is hoped that all the Churches will readily and largely give it support in the future. ''At the last annual meeting 100 copies of 'Scripture Immersion' were ready for disposal. Some few months ago the Committee engaged to take the stock in hand, which was-500 in sheets, 460 in stiff covers, and 170 cloth. Thus during the year, in various ways, 1,970 have been distributed In this and in the other eolonies. An extra thousand copies of the first two articles on Bap- tism in Truth and Progress were in a separate form put into circulation. 'As to the publications of a denominational character, we are sorry to report that the stock in hand last year has experienced scarcely any per- ceptible diminution. Of Spurgeon's sermons on the baptismal question there are in stock over 500, and about 300 of W. Landell's sermons on the same subject. We should be glad to see these pur- chased and distributed. 'At the half-yearly meeting held on the 10th March, at Salt Creek, a resolution was passed that the Committee should prepare a draft of constitu- tion for a Building Fund to be laid before this annual meeting. But little progress has been made in this matter. A letter, asking for information and suggestions, was sent to the Secretary of the English Baptist Building Fund. His reply has but recently come to hand. The letter, together with reports and forms transmitted, will require mature consideration to be given to them. Meantime the great need for a Building Fund of considerable resources is forcing itself upon us with increased urgency. A very few subscriptions have been sent in with a view of forming a nucleus, including a collection from the Mount Gambier Church. We hope that speedily friends will come to aid liberally in making the Fund available for helping Churches in the erection of places of worship. 'The Committee in reviewing the year feel that we have good reason to thank God and take courage. We believe that the real glad tidings of the Gospel have been earnestly proclaimed in the Churches. We rejoice in the assurance that the Holy Spirit has been at work in convicting men of unbelief, and we trust that as our comforter He has been with the Churches. May the coming year be one in which we may see yet greater things in the way of true success.' The Rev. T. C. Baker (Salt Creek), and Rev. J. L. Parsons (Angaston), seconded the adoption and printing of the report. Carried unanimously. The Editors of the Magazine Truth and Progress (Revs. S. Mead and J. Price) traced the history, and stated the present position of the denominational organ. A discussion ensued, during which suggestions were thrown out, and opinions expressed on the various subjects, by the Revs. Parsons, Ashton, Davies, and McCormac; and Messrs. Shaw, James Cumming, D. Fowler, James Smith, Pledge, W. K. Thomas, Barnes, Darling, and Summers. It was resolved that the Editors be thanked for their labours, and that the Magazine be commended to the Churches with a view to increased support. Great praise was awarded to those who undertook the pecuniary responsibility, and insisted upon retaining it, and the speakers, while suggesting additions of various kinds which it was promised should be attended to, congratulated the Editors upon success at- tained and the value of the organ. The meeting then adjourned. In the evening a large number assembled for prayer in the chapel, when the Rev. J. L. Parsons presided, and at the close of a solemn and im- pressive service the Lord's Supper was ad- ministered. SOUTH AUSTRALIAN BAPTIST ASSO The annual meetings of the above Association commenced on Tuesday morning, October 27, when the ministers met at the vestry of Flinders-street Baptist Church, and spent some time in devotional exercises and conference upon subjects of special interest to them as pastors. In the evening a meeting of ministers, delegates, workers, and members took place in the chapel, when addresses were delivered upon 'Early Conversions' by the Rcv. W. O. Ashton, of South Rhine, and others; and a paper was read by the Rev. J. Price, of Alberton, entitled, ' What is the precise truth to be placed before the unbeliever in order to his regeneration?' Statements were made as to striking conversions of children recently, and details of Christian effort were placed before those present. On Wednesday morning, at 10, the first meeting for business was held in the vestry, when there was a good attendance. After an hour spent in prayer, praise, and Scripture-reading— the Rev. D. Badger, of Morphett Vale, presiding— the Rev. S. Mead, M.A., briefly introduced the Chairman for the ensuing year, the Rev. H. J. Lambert, of Norwood, who proceeded to read the annual address, as follows : — Dear Brethren and Fathers in the faith of our Lord Jesus Christ-- With humility and much diffi dence I accepted and now occupy this honoured position, as Chairman of the South Australian Association of Baptist Churches. Young as a Christian, younger as a Christian minister, and yet again younger in my experience of colonial Church life, I crave your sympathies and ask your prayers. My feeling of reluctance in yielding to the wish of your Committee was at once followed by the feeling of responsibility in selecting a sub ject for my address. I believe that, in answer to prayer, I have to ask your attention to the follow ing:— 'True success in our Churches, and how to attain it.' In the interest of the Churches we are met here to record, as far we are able, the measure of success with which we have been favoured of God, to stimulate each other in the service of our Master, and to suggest or devise means for carry ing out more efficiently the work committed to our hands. My subject therefore, must commend itself to the brethren. I shall endeavour to indicate what we should regard as true success in our Churches, and then notice some of the means by which this success may be secured. As an association we gratefully acknowledge the Divine hand in leading us to our present position, and feel thankful that today we realize the presence of our God. Yet in the Lord's work to which, dear brethren, we are separated we must recognise our great responsibility. The burden of every prayer and effort must be true success. It would be unbecoming even for men of the world to enter upon their schemes and specula tions careless as to results. How much more so for Christian men to engage in the Lord's work of winning souls and extending the Redeemer's Kingdom, dealing with spirit life, where results both to themselves and to others are eternal. For Christian men in their work to be indifferent as to success is a contradiction. But what is true success ? When the farmer is adding acre to acre and barn to barn, or the merchant is adding vessel to vessel and store to store, and the lengthening account at his banker tells of his rapidly increasing wealth, it is said success attends him. When the warrior gains conquest after conquest, and everywhere asserts the power and might of his arms, a nation shouts his praise— his deeds are recorded in history, and his name is handed down to posterity as that of a successful man. In worldly affairs or ordinary transactions, because men deal in things that are seen, results can generally be tabulated, and a fair estimate of success formed. But in the work of God this is not always possible: success is not so readily marked here, because whether in the heart of an individual believer or whether amid the community of Church members, we deal with things spiritual and unseen. True success is not merely great show of numbers, but it is the winning of souls. This is an age of great enterprise, great companies, great exhibitions, great Atlantic cables, great armies, and great wars. And this spirit of the age is in the Church. The aim appears to be great Churches -- i.e., great in numbers, as though in the range of figures we could find the sum of success. 1 trust that I shall not be misunderstood. It is the greatest joy of both minister and people to receive accessions continually from the world, and we feel that where there are no additions there can be very little life. But numbers are not a true index of success, or of the measure of success. The work of a Church is spiritual, aud consequently to a great extent is unseen; so that results can scarcely be reduced to a statistical report, or be estimated and marked down by any number of digits. Did success consist simply in numbers, then might we excite many to join us; but men are to be fully persuaded. An actor on the stage can excite and move a vast audience to tears or alarm just in sympathy with the part he plays; and this can can be done in the pulpit as well. In such seasons of excitement many under strong feelings would crowd into the Church; but then experience would prove to be mere feeling, and presently they would withdraw again into the world, in worse condition than before, and from very shame avoid the means of grace. Numbers may deceive. Where there are numbers, there is seeming health; yet it may be but a hectic flush upon the cheek, while the cruel hand of disease is holding the heart and crushing out the life. In a Church where the numbers are few, there may be more real success than in that Church, where numbers are most pretentious. In fact, according to present experience, where error most abounds there are greater numbers than where the truth is pure; e.g.. compare Buddhism, Brahminism, Mohammedanism, Roman Catholicism with Evan gelical Protestantism. While, however, true suc cess cannot be represented by numbers, yet without additions there must be failure. We want numbers, but we want only such as God will approve. We are concerned that our membership shall increase, but we are more concerned that the increase shall be of those only whom God shall save. To win such must ever be the aim and effort of the Churches. Undoubtedly the gifts Jesus bestows upon His disciples vary ; and it may be the work of one particular Church member, or of one particular pastor, to simply sow seed or water the seed sown by others, or to edify and build up the Church, and such may be very faithful in the Master's service, without seeing souls saved ; it may be another's to reap. But we must remember the pastor, or individual member, is not the Church, and cannot do the Church's work; and while it may be that here and there some particular member of the Church can possibly claim exemp tion from responsibility in the direct work of winning souls, yet surely such cannot be claimed for the entire community of members. Most assuredly our work is, under God, to win souls. We are to be fishers of men; and without success here no Church should rest content. I have often thought of late that the measure of success in winning souls which a Church ought to seek, where there is a fair field and population, is to double its numbers in 12 months. Every member should be a worker for God. and is it too much to expect that in 12 months— having the public services and prayer- meetings, the Sabbath-schools and Bible classes, religious publications, and other means of grace to supplement and sustain all individual effort— is it too much to expect that in 12 months each member of the Church shall be the means of winning one soul. We do not think this is pre sumption, neither is it defining for God what He shall do. True success is not merely great show of wealth or fashion, but it is the edification and sanctification of Church members. Wealthy means, refined deportment, or even fashionable appear ance in the Church we would not condemn. We think the days have gone for Christians of liberal means to build mere barns in which to worship God, and to provide most rough and uncomfort able accommodation for worshippers, and to nearly starve their minister, under the impression that everything like worldliness or pride must be checked, and that in all things we must be most plain. We think that respectability and comfort and refinement in our midst are to be commended. There should be courtesy, a kind and gentle beha viour, bearing and forbearing one with another. Where it is otherwise, confusion, discord, and petty annoyance will arise. Even fashionable attire, so often condemned, does not always indi cate a worldly spirit. Of course any extreme is unseemly, and singularity will generally mark pride---a Quaker's quiet garb has often clothed a spirit very proud of its simplicity. Wealth in a Church---other things being equal— is a good; for while God works by means, wealth is needed in order to provide and sustain the machinery for evan gelistic effort. A wealthy Church member, having piety and goodness of heart, is a man of extra talent and power. But mark, neither wealth nor respectability can indicate true success in any Church. These might only conceal the ruin and death beneath. A Church might have the grace and elegance of a piece of sculpture, and with this it might have the coldness and hardness of marble; show and deportment might be but the purple and fine linen of this world, the flowing folds of which only enwrapped the hideousness of disease. The Church might be a whited sepulchre, a garnished tomb. Wealth in itself is neither goodness nor strength; used by a fool it is weakness, and in the hands of a bad man, it may prove to be a curse. We must not seek success in these things. Our Churches must seek higher treasures than those which perish---riches that shall endure. Our great work is spiritual ; and, beyond extending the truth in the hearts of the ungodly, true success may be seen in the edification and sanctification of our members. In the Church spirits are to be trained for God's service both here and hereafter. By its ordinances and means of grace they are to be edified and strengthened and established in their holy faith that they may bear fruit and win others. The Father's will concerning us is our sanctification. For this end we are chosen, and called, and ordained. We are born into this new life, but we are not to remain babes---we are to grow into the stature of strong men. Peter urges us (2nd Epistle, chap. i., verses 5-9)---'And be sides this, giving all diligence, add to your faith virtue, and to virtue knowledge, and to knowledge temperance, and to temperance patience, and to patience godliness, and to godliness brotherly kindness, and to brotherly kindness charity ; for if these things be in you and abound, they make you that ye shall neither be barren nor unfruitful in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ. But he that lacketh these things is blind, and cannot see afar off, and hath forgotten that he was purged from his old sins.' Thus we are bound to seek in our Church members an ever-deepening knowledge of the truth, and an ever-increasing vital godliness. Yet with many Christians it appears to be for gotten that they must grow in knowledge and grace, and often an objection is raised agajnst teaching the more advanced truths of the New Testament. It is very commonly confessed by Church mem bers—and the confession is generally made without shame, sometimes even as if there were the belief that ignorance was a kind of virtue ---that what they need is not strong meat, but only the milk of the word---the first principles. These good and ig norant people seem almost sorry that the Apostles were so fond of that deep doctrinal teaching with which their epistles to the Churches are filled. From such these derive no benefit, and they much prefer 'the simple Gospel' -- 'the simpler the better'. Brethren, there is something very sad and very ridiculous too, in so many Christians in dulging in such babyish talk; always crying for milk as though it were quite proper for them to remain all their days infants in Jesus. They appear to think there is something very touching and beautiful and humble in all this. But brethren how wrong! What a terrible condition would that be for a family where the sons and daughters of 21 summers still retained the inno cent simple features and lisping speech and pathetic helplessness of babyhood. No; - they need then to have the developed strength of men and women, that they may do the world's work. And so of the Church. God is not anxious that we should perpetuate the weakness and ignorance of our infancy in Jesus. Evil is in the world around us; errors are in our midst with which we must contend. Seasons of struggle are constantly arising for the Church, when her faith is tried. Now, unless our members are edified and strengthened and built up in the time o danger, where are we to louk for strong onei to defend the truth? God asks for men S SUhe \ht ,°i faitn- Ui» d£u2d k thS W«» ,?™uld ,_ 'crow in prace and ir to TrS^; -tha5 th5 8hould -from st™* to strength,' and attain unto the perfe staturt of the man m Chribt Jesus.' This world is th tomniKjjfround, ihcschoolhousefor our souls; s from ?w'' u lef &'hcri'K '» wun and woiuet from the world the Church is the rne:ms uf cduca ft?r''Wl in Onler *° Ct H«nir«rhiKliei TW^',p S unsuccessf«l i'l her Lord's work, SariH? iS ?- 'ner.e!y wnipletene«s of Church ?S ^..Th 'W/1? nHunuuninjjof true dis orfianS T. ^1^ ^ministration of God's Stv »« i , Ci dl?erent races an-.l classes in SrSS'nES lfU&ly; iU1 iuclU(ieJ iu tho won' i? ? . of tio(1 s mercy, and are all to be reached and effected by the (tape I o f His grace Go ye into alt the world, and preach the Gwpel SaS«'l«£SS. TK meetA ^ of S cias3 ma character, whether the stem Roman oi the luxurious Greek, or the ceremonious J^'the wfrfSL? f?undlDK, Hi9 Church mmleproWsion Sft^^'1116110' °P?081t8 '^Deraments and gifts, providing one with strong Jewish sympa thies, as the Apostle to the circumcision; aVd 1fi2S?r?nt?i.c^tw^Km aud discipline, as the Apostle to the Gentiles, able to cooe with tho subtlety of the Greek, or to contend with t « strength of the KomarTmind &K.; In to diS? sities of race, &c.;, demanded the exercise of viriou. KiftJ in the Church; and that all the gifts our Lord MSFtr h0.'ld- *Pn mitY and strength. Jesus banded His disciples together, and constituted them brethren of one laniily. Aud fiom the earliest days good men have sought to give effect to tne numerous powers and appliances of tho Church, so that all guts might be utilized, and that each should contribute to the success of the whole. Ana seeking to preserve unity and order, thej have elaborated the different Church organizations, lhey are systems elaborated by men. and there« fore, however complete, must partake largelj of human imperfection, liach perhaps represents a particular age or a particular people, but can scarcely be universally applied. As a fact not one has yet been altogether successful; not one has brought under its influence and rule all classes oi men, else we should not now have so many distinct denorainatiima. Doubtless in the Divine mind =!?♦? i« j? ». complete orgaaization-all iu sections blending in a higher unity, which we at present are not able to comprehend, and which, PUfged of all evil, may in the last day be kuown as the one Church of the firstborn above.' In these days Church organization j8 a snare. With many the tendency is to rest in the system aa the end attained, rather than to use it as simply a means to the end. This is especially the case when the organization assumes the proportions of a vast connection. We nnd men so deeply absorbed with the glories of their particnlar system that they appear far more concerned about building up the methodism of their party than in the establish, ment of the truth, and far more anxious to spread the connection than to extend the Redeeraer'i Kingdom-seeumig to confound these two things, and to make them synonymous. 'We do not forgel that unity is strength, and that organization is power, we recognise the Divine appointment of Church offices aud system. Hence we hold as very dear tht simple and scriptural order of Congregationalism In this we possess all the advantages of union, aud at the Bame time are free from all thoae bonds ol tjioughtand action which must attach to a conneo tion. We have a constitution the laws of whicl are in the New Testament, which it is our privl lege to interpret aud apply. We call none mastei save Jesus, so that we are free to adop5 any fresh or distinct appliance which promises good, and for which wo can claim the sanction of God's Word W e do not adhere to the dress of our childhood oi of home, but with the growth of years and changj of clime we are ready to alter both fabric and fashion. When oat clothes become old or cum brous we put them off for others of more advantage, We do not pretend to the possession of an unalter ably complete organization, but we rejoice ir having one derived from the Scriptures, and capable of almost endless growth and application, Yet, however complete our organization, such ii not success, but only a means to this end, andt means which in one age may be necessary but it another ace may be set aside. Consecrated priesti and temples, sanctified seasons and ceremonies, as under the old economy, were important anc sacred once, but now, under this dispensation of the Spirit the Lord requires and will bless the laj preacher— 'him that heareth' and says come that we should regard a work-day as a holiday and that a simple upper room or a bush hut maj be the dwelling-place and presence-chamber of oui King. While, therefore, we would be careful noi to trust organization aa success, yet we fee! there must be order and true discipline. Tlu Christian Church, according to the Scripture, ia t company of believers in Jesus, an association ol spiritual men and women, or 'saints,' or certain!) of those who profess and seem to be such, and it order to strength and purity nnd true success this character must be maintained. Iu the Church there must be no admixture of the world; non- haye a right there, except those who, by the graci of God, have experienced a change of heart, am have passed from death unto life.' In allagei there have been in the Church the self-deceivet and also deceivers. A mong the Apostles there wai a Judas, and iu the first Christian Church then was an Ananias and Sapphira. Such may some tunes be our experience. But men cannot lnm remain deceivers : the real life will bring forth fruii and levcal ibelf. And that the pure may be defended and the false cast out, there ia the need for lnaintainmg true discipline, and faithful)] adiniuiitsring God's ordinances. Further, thii discipline must be exercised from the first; the unworthy must be refused, the ImtiI'h or.liuancei must not bo administered to the ungodly. & essential is Hub in God's sight that we are com uianded ia the case of any ungodliness— ' Pu away from among yourselves that wicked person* 1 Cor. v. 13. Care iu this matter of disciphm would not only exclude from membership allwhc are uot Christians, but would also prevent thai terrible evil pertaining to some Churches, viz. ungodly wen holding office as elders or - deacon*, or even ministers. The Church is the anpointci organ of the bpirit of God, through whicl Ho acts and operates upon the world around and only in proportion as the Church ii framed in conformity with His will can Go* flash through its eyes the light, or speak by iti tongue the words of love and wisdom, or work \r, a ? .i'!8' aiJdaccompliuli His own sovereign will Faithfulness in discipline would be a moniif towards the proper administration of the Lord'* onhiiancea. We recognise two in the Chriatiar Church-Baptism and the Lord's Supper. ResLcct ing the administration of the Lord's Supper, al Evangelical Churches are agreed, in theory al least, that it is only for believers. It would be deemed a disobedience and a degradation to allon of an unbeliever or of an unconscious babe tt partake. It must be received remembering Jesus, bo of the Christian ordinance of baptism. It ii prescribed and commanded for Christians as the first public act of obedience to Jesus, by which they profess their faith and declare tho name oi their liege Loid. And just as the Lord's Suppei must be administered, and received reinembennj Jesus, so must baptism be administered anc received professing Jesuit, and professing faith ir His name. But upon this matter all Kvangelical Churches are not agreed, even in theory, ft is a distinctive mark of the Churches we represent While, therefore, among others this ordinance it misrepresented, or entirely ignored, by the eubsti tution of an unscripturaf ceremony, there is the greater need that we should faithfully witness tn this truth, and maintain its strict integrity. Wt never said, and never do say, that it is essefr tial to salvation; on the contrary, we believe it is valueless where it is not observed in faith. We ever insist upon the candidate for baptism belns first a believer, and therefore saved through faith in Jesus, before he has any right to receive, oi before the Church has any authority from her Lord to administer this Christian ordinance. Had there been faithfulness here from the earliest ages of the Church, had baptism been administered only to such as made a creditable profession of faith in Jesus, some of the greatest apostacien and cor ruptions and deluding doctrines which have dis torted and stained the Church would never have been known. Moreover, this ordinance, faithfully maintained and administered, will, we believe yet prove to be as an axe laid at the root of the tree, by means ot which many an evil now in the Churches will lw overthrown. Remember, brethren, we are children of the Divine household, and our privileges can never set. aside nor supersede the laws and regulations of our Father's house. We are servants of the living God- servants of Jesus. We are under orders, and we are bound to obey. Thus, m the winning^ souls to the Saviour, in the educatingJind sanctifying of Church members, in the nuuDtuiung of true discipline and faithfully administering God's ordinances, the Churches thus growing in numbers and knowledge and purity, and beiiig . kept pure to witness (oi Uod and Hutruth-m this do we see true suoceis. \Y e will notice some of the means fo» attainina true success. The age of miracles 1b past God has now ordained means, and it would appear that always it is through the faithful use of the proper and appointed means that we receive the blessing. The Lord sends prosperity in harvest only when men employ the means, preparing the !andk and planting it at the proper time. So in spiritual things-if we would reafi, we' must sow and whatsoever we bow, tha,t we must reapT Tho-e whom God blesses moat abundantly are invariably those who «re most faithful and moBt dilicent l)ur Churches do not always reahie thU simple riP- j tyRWlS success ye must use *he simple WordofGod. We mu«* have The power of the UoIk 8mnt in answer to, prayer, and there must be consistency of life in our Church mem&n.; We must use the simple Word of God. The Scriptures ire God's utterance-the revelation of His mind ind will. These He haa entrusted to the Chuiche* tnatthey may prove 'profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteous, uess, that the man of God may be perfect, throughly furnished unto all good works.' These also are 'the power of God unto salvation to everyone that IJelieveth.' If, thca, God'B Word be a means to success, we mu.« ynd.erst.and. it. It would be utterly useless for gjjod, to place in our liands an implement or weapon respootlng the nature and use of which we were in perfect igno rance. This Wcrtrf «od is the weapon we mutt use in order to. aeatrpy error; it is the meansof suraancUfication; it is to guide us in all Church wUo». Is there not the need, then, constanSy jnd reverently to search its truth and lean. ? We deem it most important that as for is possible there should be a knowledge of the scriptures in their onianl languages, especially in our ministers and teachers, that like the lXv\tl- ?f old they should be able to'read tB wo? I 'S tinctly and rjvc the sense.' This knowloi he Assertion endeavours to impart m the training :-f our young men for the tWorate. Hut when aS in the case of most of ouwmomhen. there is no oS portutnty of reading tho oriidr.iil .Scr ptu/el how im porsant is the matter of nlacing in their ? htndf h!i truest translation pouible. Aud when f S^SS mora EnRtah veniloiiB are within our reach *' °( we have the opportunity of circulating one\hian 18 8 truer and more faithful rerdorira of the original than u the other, may it u't iecorne a HuestHMi even of cuilt on the pa-t ol the Chuah J ml Christians generally W&J; ft* ]^ J lr^ correct ami homewhj.t antiquated Bible ? There m a .general faulyig m our day among tho Churches that one- of our greatest wants U a more thorough ki\Gw«eike of Uod's Word, not o* isolated texts, out of the word in its fulr-eis &nd; in a more con secutive Older. This can be gained only by diligent and earnest study. And here how important it must appear that oar Ohurciion &houl-i; make pro vision ?o aw to supply all aid for the study and understanding of Owl's Word. Where a Church is healthy and successful in winning souls to Jesus there will no doubt be received some who are young in years, and very many whose minds are uninformed. These are special wants which inuBt be met Here arises the need, wherever practicable of instituting and sustaining efficiently Sabbath tchools, Bible Classes, and sectional meeting of Church membersforthe study of Sciiplure, all being under the care of teach$w and leaden who themselves ro&li;$a tfeg power and precious peas of the truth. In these means would be found a bond of union, but especially here would our members be instructed and built 'I1 '» the faith. Having understanding of the ? m!v SP01'1^ ourweapon, we must fenrlcssly use it. God's Word ia the swonl of the Spirit, 'living and powerful;' it is the hammer to break nurd Hearts. Almost invariably in the cane of conver sion we learn that tho Scriptures have been the in strumental cause; it may have been in u Kermon or lesson, or conversation, or nuiet meditation, but it was the Word which was ' the power of (Jod unto salvation.' The Scriptures are a lamp tojjulde tho wanderws feet; they are as a light nhining in a dark Place. They ; are a 'Khiuld and buckler' to the tempted. When our Lord was sorely bciat by JVne.m?lT?? ''roP'y mct him with 'It. is %»?* It,i« »ri'en,' 'It iB written;' and with thij sword of the Spirit the tempter was over corae. Ju all our work we should use the shnplo Word ol God; we may truat.it to accomplish its great purpose. Far too often man's word is sub stituted lor God'a Word in 'eloquent sermonB,' or 'interesting discourses,' or 'elaborate articles;' or essays;' aud these fail to accomplish much good, and we wonder. But God's Word is the msans : not mau'a word. Did we familiariie our |eves with God'B Bimple truth, and always faith fully and I foarleasly u»e it in all its Bimplicltv, wo should flinl it tho means of winning; wuli ' pulling down the strongholds of sin and Satan;' the means of educating and sanctifying Church members;_and the means of guiding and gtvlnjc authority m maintaining the order andlpurity of the Church. Let us guard the Word of God, and that Word w!U guard us. Brethren! we are sometimes blamed for a Bpirit of contrpveisy. But shall we who own no creed save the Scriptures; who are free from the trammels of men's traditions; who ato uubound by subscription to any ' articles ofbellel' drawn tip by human wisdom; who are free from tne restrictions of assent and consent, or agree ment with the 'notes and sermons' and rules written or enunciated by any great reformer-shall we who reverence God's Word as the only rule for our faith and practice-shall we be silent when error is preached and spreading around ub, and wneu God bids us to 'earnestly contend for tho faith which was once dnlivered unto the BulntB.' (Jude, 3 .) In 1 Tim., iii. 15, we read that the Ulrica is 'the pillar and ground,' or stay 'of tho truth.' And when we see some transposing these things, and, instead ot defending the truth, making the truth subservient to their own ends, and using it to build up and defend their own parly interests, we dare not, even for peace sake, ba silent, we do uot want a peace which Is no peace. Ho: let us have controversy rather than error; but let us ever contend for principles, not for party: for truth, not for connection. Then shall wo bo faithful to our trust, and then shall wo be able to answer at the bar of our Judre. We must have the power of the Holy Hpirit in nnwer to prayer. Our work Is God's woik. and not ours. God may convert through the Word. God may sanctify l.hf°'Kh or bv means of the Word; but throughout it is the Spirit that uuickeneth-it is the Spirit that Kivetu life -it is the Spirit that sanctiJlea. Bo that while we employ the simple truth of God as a means, we must have theunergy of the Holy Bpirit tpgiw, it power. It la not so much the sword In the day of battle as it is the arm that wleldn it, and for this power we must pray. ' Them that honour me I will honour, saith God.'-lst Sam., ii. JO. Now men do not houour God when in contradiction to the Scriptures they declare there la no personal Holy Spirit, and that the Spirit is a tnero influence which dwells iu the Word. Tho pooplo m our Lord's doys on earth possessed the. Old Testament Scripture, yet the Holy Spirit was not come. Jesus was with them, yet tho Holy Spirit was not come; nay, it was expedient for Jesus to go away that He might send them the Holy Ghost. Our blessings come from God. Ho haa promised the blessings, yet we are to ask at His hands. Our Lord taught, and we receive Hla teaching, not that tho Spirit or all power is in the Word, and inseparable from the Word; but by that very Woid we are taught that we must aide in order to receive, and seek in order to find. There must be prayer in our Churches for the Holy Spirit's power if there is to be true success. A praying Church is u mighty power with God and man. And knowing thin, that Uod duos hear and answer prayer, then should tho Churches con stantiy supplicate that their own and others* hearts might be prepared to receive tho truth, and «»t Gods power might attend the preached Word. As Aaron and Ur supported the arms of Moses, so should tho Churches by prayor support the pastors in their work. But observe, prayer ia not simply uttering words of petition ; it is tbia carried into ellbrt aa well. Gmorson remarks, Ihe prayer of the husbandman is kneeling in his field to weed it; tho prayer of tho tower Is tho stroke ol his oar.' And smely wo may apply this to ourselves. Tho prayer of the Christum is effort as well as utterance. Like faith, unless it take form in actions it is dead. Our Una said more than ' ask and jo shall receive.' Ho ?J»d seek. ' there wns something to be done: seek! We have known men to crawl on their hands and knees over whole sections of laud, part ing the grasB-bladuF, and disturbing tho surface soil, that they might discover some indications of W5/' nTllV Ui 8CP^inR- '!.8eeki nnd -° ahttl1 find.' Our i/ml siid more thau this. You may receive a check; you may como to a closed door, which may seem to deny you further prnfrresii. Well, 'knock;' perlmps you will have to wait still j 'knock,' ami it almll be oponed uulo you.1' 'How much tnoro ready is your Heavenly Father to give His lioiy Spirit to them that ftsk Him' than you nro to kiro «ood «ifU unto yourohlldrcn. Had our Churches un enduring faith in this healthy prayer, then might wo nil havo revival in our midst, not by exciting man, and so 'getting up a revival,' but by praying the reviving h£ nueuccsfrom above, mid so bringing a revival down from (Jod into rauii'n hearts. Then should wo have true success. We must have consistency ofi life in our Church numbers, There can bo littto doubt that one of the greatest hindrance* to success in our Churches la the Inconsistency ot profeiwing Christians in their ordinary ifetfly livw. hvery Christ m\ should he a worker aud a witness for God. Wo profess to have given ouraolves to, the lard s service in tho winning of souls, and yet how many uro altogether indiUercnt concern ng those who ure absolutely perishing around. Wn like to bo instructed and comforted in the housa of prayer, nnd we aro ready to fiivo of out suV stance towards Christian or benevolent objects; but we never xpeak a word, never ralao a hauu. never sillier inconvenience, that we inny suvo u dying sinner. Men mark our liaHeudnons, and say -these i Christians do not bellcvo whut they pn* fes?, else they would be iu more carncBt caro about u? who are without the Saviour, Thus oui worth hindered. We profess to have a hlgW and a better life than others, and men Jopf to see tha fruit. Men watch ua,and instead of seeing ta graces of tho Spirit, they note our Bhortcomlngti and our ainR, gelOshnesa. pride, bitterness of spirit, and sometimes oven most cruel deportment ona ≦!h!*al(RUlcr! I'4 tl'iy B?Jr7tnw»' who profcsS to imitate the meek nnd lowly Jesus aro no bottep than others who mako no such profession : and they put away any good impressions of tho truth. Thus ourworkis hindered. On the other hand, a con BiBtent, earnest godly fe is a testimony, the force of which is felt by all. The great power which God brought to boar upon the world wu the power of a living Christ. Men who had forgotten Ooi and wcro Uving afar off, were aroused, and bro-j«nfi n'8h to the divine in the person of the livincJ«ms Aud, brethren, the great power still broughOokow upon the world, through tho OhurcbT and tho power to which ineH wilinow respond STtheHvinir ^'ri/t. .Wodaced and manifested, In the lire! of His disciples. There, in tho Christ- like life o a believer is the Hibio and tho Oospil whilS all men can read and understand. And liUow Lord demands. He who Ima bought us witu iffl own blood, Ho who has saved us. ««V, wI«o tfiS vine, re are the branches,'-^, I am lb» true life and source of life; you partake oftKt i1 -Ik .Uo..y?. mi 1!,ve jt out We othew-Vrina jnyou, Were this ihe case with us »1| menwMilX Bill! M fjord TULt m?)lih?n8icrution of ouwlm mm Dwcussion was then invited, the ex- Chalrmari(the aSBSgasss lne vote of thanka and 'equest far publication were earned uu-nimouBly, and the Chalrmni acknowledged, the first and ewsaoU ^ to the! ANNDAL BEfOBT. Ti*o Secretary (Hev. B.Mead) then roritho report aa subjoined :-, ''* lTO 'The chief feature In the history «| our Churches during the past year ia the s&nol; lies sing which, almost, wfthout exception, ffil i rested upoa them, ltequir ng as we do from each on» admitted into our Churches distinct textimoni 'to ? oKXkh0 nT V faith in ' '«. cftW. S SfcnMh 'u,mer0U8 ailti't'--»« furnish a just Cd KJ nk«pinK and rejoicing in what the jfJrei W T] * 'Wli'ihed. In an especial &iSf.; 7h-lontho, 'ma'' Churches. inmao Sled. 1MU °f mmhen lm b«U rouihte'^'16 Vlat tlie?° 1-k'ssi'«s have l(ecn rouctiBaled. wheru, from a human point c.f view. there appeared to be special obstacles in tho way! A.H our Churches have been blessed : bat tha «eate8t proportionate blessing has not Lt en where Hie more efficient human organizations exist, but in. places where the ministration of the Word ia iustamed with difficulty. Home among us may itm need the lessosi Ueduciblo- hercfrom reirn jressed on our heurts that our trust must be in the* Lord our God. J!-4B4C?iiW0tke.rB witn ^ tf'8 BUCoef» '» largely ittrjbutahle to tho e&rue;&t; labours of some brethren ? )--3 