Howeyeb much we may regret the tenor of tiie answer forwarded by the# Govern ment tothe &rmera; seeking fbrassis tanoe in the shape of seed wheat, . ij; jsr impossible for us to feel much surprise' thereat The composition of the unlucky v deputation which waited upon the Chief Secretary in the first instance was su&h.; as to render it very nearly impossible for him to accede to. the wi^ expressed. The Ohief Secretary and the Treasurer must have been supposed to be . men much softer and greener than they are , generally considered if it was thought they would surrender the money-bags of the State to the prayer of such a hetero genous crew. But let. us suppose for; a. moment that the Chief Secretary had yielded to the disinterested eloquence of Mr. Bright on that memorable occasion, what were the almost certain con sequences to be anticipated ? Reaming by analogy, might vre not expected to see the teftms of Charitable aiid disin terested MJ^/a. and others carting the tvheat flrom the station in the names* of their tenants or debtors, ploughing the land for them, and no doubt taking the crops at harvest day ? Was the Chief Secretary to yield when he saw before him the very men who acted similarly to this on a former occasion, attempted to coyer up their proceedings with a cloak of charity, and then, with the greatest effrontery, were asking to be permitted to commence their neftooustraffic again? | Again we must say wo axe astonished 1 that our agricultural friends who manage their affairs as a rule as shrewdly as any other class in the colony should build their hopes and pin their faith to such inveteratelog-rolling, deputationmonger ing, back-staire- crawling, tuft-hunting means of assistance as they seem inclined to do. If the Chief Secretary has indeed struck the first blow at a class and system that are the bane of this colony — the disgust of high-minded and honorable men — be will have done a good thing, although we firmly believe that the time and season for doing it will not hate been either seemly or opportune. The following is the official rcp^y. which has been forwarded from the j Chief Secretary's ofⅇ, and which ex- ! presses the conclusion the Cabinet has ? as yet arrived at : — Chief Secretary's Office, Adelaide, - j February 25, 1868. j Sir — I have tbe honor, by the Chief Secre tary's direction, to acknowledge the receipt it. ? a memorial presented by you, cm behalt^^f farmers upon the eulyect of the Governments providing seed wheat, and I am to inform you | in reply that the Cabinet, having carefully con sidered the memorial in connection with others j of a simiiar purport, find thai no individual ease has yet been submitted that would justify the Government in affording the relief sought. I have, &e.;, J. Boothbt, Under Secretary. . This means that tbe proper parties havfe not at present waited upon the Govern* mont. The Government has to give an account of its stewardship to the Parlia ment, and we would ask what sort of a defence its members would set up if Mr. Strangway s were to charge them with buying votes by the destribuiion of seed wheat? Mr. Strangways and a good, many other members could without much di 0' culty have found sufficient? evidence to make out a very strong case against the Government if the Chief' Secretary and his confreres had yielded too readily. But although this is one side of the question, and a very weighty , one too, there is another Bide that must not be lost sight of, and which we hope tbe Chief Secretary will yet take into consideration. The Government has. a ?duty to perform independent of the retention of office, deputation-mongering MJP.'s, or any considerations of a sordid and illicit nature. There is no doubt in tbe mind of anyone residing in a red rusted district, neither can there be in tbe mind of the Chief Se&refcary;, that such a Mew of an entirely unforseen and unpreventive character baa fallen upon hundreds of farmers as to render them incapable of weathering tbe storm lmifliw tkey receive assistance of an ex traneous character. In England, and in older richer $9$utries this would be ^otly the sort of a case from which appeal? w*m*14 be jh4$ tQ thf- u®ti°ual charity— appeals that we,«h| not be made in vain. Its aifects here are pecisely the gone as were tbose of tb* Lancashire ; cotton famine at .home, or the Irish -potatoe disease. But there a class exists, which — to „its' honor be it said— is not idow to tender its assistance on such papnons. In this young country there is not a sufficient number of people to be -found who can charge themselves with 'the relief of a national misfortune. -The vCtovernment must do what it has to do iu a young country in 50 other instances r— charge itself with duties that else where are -performed by private indi viduals. The Orissa fatnh&e; that scourged all that portion in India of the district lying to the south-east . of tbe delta of Lt^e^aug^tis jery much, an instance in 1-oint. It arose from a very simple ut^ufe. s The people depend upon their ^rice crops, and for the successful growth 4-^fhese lieavy kain is needed during the months, of September and October. In 1865 no' rain fell, and hence the famine -of 1866, which - cost half-a-million of people their lives. The British Cojn '^iissiojaer resident thei-e ati8 the Lieut. Governor oFfeerigal were most severely Reprobated for not taking instant mettods for the procuration of rice for the people, and the whole discussion in the British House of Commons hinged j upon the theory that Government in India implied different duties and res ponsibilities to Government in England. In a precisely similar manner so, we bold, h?6 the Government in South Australia, No doubt the farmers bungled their- cause. No doubt they put forward men to represent them whom the Chief Secretary would perhaps act wisely towards if he refused at once and for ever to listen to the prayer of any depu tatdon .with which they are connected; but this is a case that must be decided upon its merits. Let the farmers notice that the Government has not refused to grant assistance, but with a regard to their own honor the members of the Cabinet present refused it to those who have hitherto been forward in the matter. Let a dozen bona fide farmers who can tell the tale of their own losses wait upon the Government, and we shall anticipate a different result. And above all things let them be careful to take, with them proper persons to introduce them. The action for libel brought against the proprietor of this journal by Mr. H. E. Bright, M. P., is over, and as Mr, Bright says that he is quite eatis t fied with the result — as we can confi r dently say we are, and as every one we have conversed. with is also — it is fair to presume that the verdict of the Jury has given general satisfaction. The Jury decided that it is no libel to say in public print that Mr. Bright's conduct has been, not like Caesar' wife, beyond sus picion, but that it was very suspicious indeed. The specious and hypocritical pretext of charity put forward to cloak over unquestionably venal proceedings has not imposed upon the Jury any more than it did upon us or anybody we are acquainted with. It was manifest to everyone that if Mr. Bright received 5s. a ton for carting wood about a couple of miles, it must pay him a good deal better to do so than it does those farmers who cart it for the same price 14 miles, as many are doing every day. Charity, with Mr. Bright, begins at home. He paid the laborers a starvation price for cutting the wood, and then received just double as much as any ordinary carter would charge for conveying it to the station. The man Longshaw earned the munificent sum of Is. per day, and Bright and Son were touting about the town fpr other recipients of such like charity. Let Mr. Bright 'take the tatterdemalion reputation the trial has left to him and wear it with his u*ual unctuous inflated air; he will probably find that it is com posed of material of a very lasting character. We can only hope that it will not be our duty to chronicle any more of such proceedings. It has been at the risk of wearying our readers that we have already done so on more than one occasion, and we shall be unfeignedly thankful if Mr. Bright will for the future .allow us to fill our columns with more pleasing intelligence than a tale of his 'misdeeds. Not that our hopes of Mr. Bright's reft rotation are resting on very strong grounds. The proverb says, 'It is hard teaching old dogs new tricks,' and there is a good deal of truth in some of these ancient adages. It is doubtless a very difficult task for ' the Ethiopian to change his skin or the leopard his spots,' and therefore our hopes are nc/c unmixed with fears. 'It is bard to make a silk purse out of a sow^ ear,' said Poor Richard, and Poor. Richard was jight. The age of miracles has been gone by long since. Where Mr. Bright has been utterly and entirely mistaken is, we imagine, in sup posing that we have any private feeling against him to gratify in remarks we feel called upon to make upon him in his public capacity. We should like to do him Sill justice on this beading by stating expli citly that we do believe be is mi&taken.; We dare say it never onee occurred to him 4bat we could be actuated by other than private motives. We are not -sure that Mr. Bright can understand this — not by ,uny means certain that the conception of such a course as we invariably pursue has WW entered las mind. No doubt he was annoyed by our Temarks, and he ^determined that he would put a stop to them at once nod for ever. He would pnuzzlo tbe press, and then, he could pursue tortuous courses without their lifting commented upon. It might cost turn money to. accomplish bis eud, ftnd 3 th ere was no poBsibility of a Jury giving i him averdict; buthe could inflict trouble, i annoyance, and expense upon us; or, as i our contemporary, the Register, puta it, ^ Levy blaek upon the Press. This,with , the assistance of the Stipendiary Magis- ' trate of Gawler, be was enabled to do. i So far we are the sufferers ; but then it - ib improbable that any Magistrate will ) ever commit in a similar case again. - Here was a case in which there never 1 was the ghost of a chance of a Jury con- ? victing upon, and yet the prosecutor bad no difficiuty in obtaining the temporary triumph of a committal. This could only arise tram a miserable misapprehension of both the letter and the spirit of 'the English common law. No doubt it is to be found in the Statute Book that any .publication calculated to bring & man int& contempt is a libel, but that statute bias been virtually and really repealed 'ong since. In the last great libel case : England, Campbell v. Spottbwood, Lord Campbell ruled that unless a man was accused of an indictable offence, the publication should not be considered a Hbel. The whole practice of the common law of England is that precedent shall rule ; and indeed the common law is scarcely fmythiag but a. long line .of pre cedent stretching back to a period of hoar antiquity. It is too absurd and ridiculous to suppose that tbe publica tion of anything calculated to bring a man into contempt ana riatcuie can oe libellous. Such a doetrine can only be held and believed by ignorant persons who never read the newspapers pub lished either here or elsewhere. Lord Campbell's ruling has set that idea at rest long since. And we say confidently that no London police magistrate would have granted a summons, bo mucb^ more have committed upon the publication of the paragraph by which Mr Bright con sidered his fair fame injured. But then London police magistrates are always in the first instance criminal lawyers of note — men who have stood high in, their profession. And as it is too. much to expect of our Stipendiary Magistrates that they should read learned rulings upon this and other subjects given by the highest authorities at . borne, we would recommend them to take tbe charge of our own Chief Justice, and read, mark, learn, and inwardly digest it. They ou^ht then to be able to form an idea as °to whether the publication of a paragraph of the character of tbe one that has been in dispute is ever likely to result in a conviction. If there is no prospect of a conviction, a committal fol lowing a frivolous and idle charge is only that encouragement of vexatious litiga tion which is so deserving of being held up to public reprobation. Election News. — Our readers will see. by our advertising colums that Mr.jR. C. Baker intends to contest the district of Barossa. Mr. Baker will meet the elec tors at an early period, and explain bis political views. This really looks like going into the matter in right good ear nest. The crowded state of our columns this week will not permit us to notice more fully the electoral platform which Mr. Baker has issued. A meeting of the committee formed for the purpose of se curing the return of the Hon. P. Santo for the district, was held on Friday evening, the 23th instant. It appears - that tbe names of about 300 electors had been ap pended to a requisition which it was re solved upon to present to Mr. Santo on Tuesday next. Distbicx op' StaMiEt. — The Hon. G. S, Kingston has received a numerously and respectably signed requisition from the electors of Stanley, setting forth their confidence in him, their satis&ction; with; his past Parliamentary career, and their wish that he will continue to represent them. Mr. Kingston has replied, thank ing the electors, and expressing his wish to meet them at an early date. We notice that Mr Kingston makes no reference to his colleague, although Mr. Bright recently told the doctors at Wil laston that he and Mr. Kingston intended to hold meetings in the district. We thought at the time this plan of opera tions would be scarcely likely to 'wash with Mr. Kingston. Cokcebt. — Signor Abecco, assisted by Mr. W. D. J. Hedges, will give a vocal and instrumental concert in the Odd fellows' Hall in this town, on Monday evening, March 2nd. Tha Signor is a distinguished harpist^ and tickefc& lbr the concert, which is sure to be very well well worth hearing, are to be obtained of most of tha principal storekeepers in Gawler. Accyoest. — On Sunday last, as the parents of a youth named Q iirk, living i\\*»ar Tern piers, were at church, the boy took it into his head to play with some gunpowder. By some means or other the powder exploded, taking off the left thumb of the boy, laying his chest bare, and lodging a quantity of powder in tbe right arm. Dr. Popham was at once sent for, but so much is the left band injured that it is feared it will have t® be amputated. Presbttebiajt Csxtrch.-— The anni versary services in connection with the Presbyterian Church, in this place, will be held on Sunday and Monday, March 1st and 2nd. On Sunday, sermons will be preached in the morning and evenmg by the Rev. J. Gardner, of Adelaide. On Monday ^afternoon, a public tea meeting .will . be held, after which J. Adamson, Esq., will lecture on the ' Wonders of Nature.' The lecture will be illustrated, by a yariety of interesting chemical experiments. Cbowded Out. — In consequeace -of the crowded state -of our columns, we are I compelled to _hold over, several letters, Ac., which will appear in our next ia-ue- : Th* Receht Libki. Cab*.— rThe fol owingoa^b^^^^bfi of nuch amusement in thi£ town, and it is Lway unnoticeJ^The soene, was .a rail iray carnage inliihe morning train from E£apunda. to Adelaide, and lbs time ruesday monimg, the 25feh instant. In ;he carriage were two M-P.'s, some soli citors, ana otber gentlemen. v One bon. nember, who we witt'^jail. -M£ D — — , rffcer perusing tiie moraac(g paper, raised its eyes and said, MWell,B- — -, bow is that case of yours %o go on to-day?' Br—— : ' Ob, Mr. D , I dont know ; [ only want justice.' Mr. D — - (loo,) s 'Ah! when people get justice they sometimes get a good -ieal moretban they bargain for.' The result was a general titter at poor B- — -'a expense. - The Libel Case.— We take the fol lowing paragraph from tbe J^iver^r ior obvious reasons : — ' We bave received & letter from* Gawler TowUi infowaing u» that on the receipt of a t^^ram on Wednesday, announcing tbat jthe Jury bad returned a vewlict of * Not Guilty/ in the case of Bright y* BaMt, a num ber of the friends of tbe la^er gentleman resolved upon a little icbmopBtration. Accordingly him; at- the Hiul way platform irat -bis retdm from Ade Ikidej 'and welcomed bimwilMoud.-6ieer8. Many of the flag^olee in the toumahip bad flags flying, and some humorous and ingenious mottos were displayed: by * AtvAHA') Af vnlieKilMibi Tiio nwinri. fOfCAW VX HiiiiiirMWiiwi ator o£ the jBi«(jfij^ on reaching home, i^s presented with a great paper model of a cockatoo, supposed to represent the prosecutor. in tbe cases -At one point in Mturray-street, a rope was suspended across the road,' from which was sus pended a leg of mutton draped in deep mourning, together with other humorus devices. In the evening the Gawler Brass Band played ' See the Conquering Hero Comes,' Cheer, . boys, cheery' Ac., in front of the Bttnykt office. Mr Barnet addressed the crowd, thanking them for their sympathy, and avowing his determination to uphold the freedom ofthe press. Mr. Grundy spoke-td.the same effect, and festivities were k^t up i ll a late hour.' The acoount supplied to our contemporary is subatantai^ac curate, but it omits to s^te that # the Railway Station, Mr. Bright, on his re turn from town, was hissed and grouted. The leg of mutton was draped in -deep mourning,1 and on it was a large card announcing that the price per lb. - was 4^, an ingenious way of warping. all .utton eaters to mind their but cher's bills. J*rom me rope was auso pendant a piece of firewood^ as a gentle hint to Mr. Bright, . who had the M0or oi phasing under these demonstratMnis, of an episode in bis life which will be- re- membered as long sis he ie in -South Australia. ? \- The Gawxer Ltbeii Case. — Horsehair is greatly inipS asc^adaut, iffil businessisooaignng abouiTinlf courts a-day. Tne Criminal sittings are drawing to a very tame conffhwo^and if the Sttny^ case does not eome -«a-&ey; will be a positive blank.^ Plaintiff iBir^hfc is stall as^airge as ever in the depuiatiou line, greatly to thu-gacrifice of 1»b: pri vate business. A debtor of his cut his throat the other da; on account of a summons which, no doubt, Bright jam bad issued in papa's absence. Tbe con sequence was, that while Bright sen. was pleading . the cause of distrownod figeaerB in Adelaide, Bright jun; was oving thetn a dose of pardunent and cold ^sieel at Boseworthy. Next moroingBrightsen Secretary, in his character of universal philanthropist and purveyor of red rust and firewood. Accidents will happen^ thinks. Bright, in tbe best r^ub^tea fa« milies, but his system is unquestionably logical If be spends bis time interced ing for farmers with the Government, ho cannot be expected to wait for payment of bis private bills. They are debts of honor, and the iarmer», instead oftaking extra credit fi?om the good Samaritan, as they do from publicans and sinner?, should allow bun a small premium for his publie service. The JBuatfip case will make a nice addition to our State trials, and it is fortunate for Mr. B&rnafc; that the Chief Justice is presiding at thepre sant sessions, ' The subject is one in which he will have full scope for his ''originHfity and erudition, the law of libel I being about as undefined as tbe Thirly - nine Articles of the Nicene Creed. A. Irish barpnet-rSuf Coleman Q'T^.iin-Jjw.mght in' a yery sensible ^ w*eafftire fnl* sroBTv^mj ifc- last :acssion tf ' Imperial Pari^ment, but tbe Commons were loth to renounce their power over unruly editors. It was well supported, nevertheless, and but for the exhaustion of tbe legislative mind whieh followed the Reform Bill, might hare been passed. It unfortunately lapsed, and the Jaw re mains as it was in Lord Campbell's time. If tbe Bumgip had been able to appeal to Sir Coleman G'Loghliu its went punish ment would have been to publish free gwtis and fear nothing. Mr. Bright*® explanation, which, in the - opinion of many, was more libellous than the libel itself. As it is, the best plea will baj no- tification as to faets, aad, but for a few feverish expressions, that might be satis factory to any jury, Tbe Chief Justice's charge is in' any case . aare to be worth ^ something, and 1 have : little doubt that j the result will be tat extend ra&h;&r; than diminish the liberty oFthepreis. Inless thaoa a year Bnght and company will be wishing they had never stirred up print ers' pie in a Police Court. — -Waliana TimeM. ? Sale.— We have been requested to draw attention to the sale by Mr. O Tidemann, this day , of furniture, hotel fittings, stock-in-trade, at Mr. T. J5ngel brechf a the Gawler Arms, Murray 450 