A .DAY TVITH SOME PRUSSIAN 1 GYMNASTS. j(From the Australasian.') ON. summer, not so many years ago, I took a six weeks' trip into Prussia, by way of London and Hamburg. After seeing Berlin and its new and glorious statue of Frederick the Great (something like a monument that !) I found myself at anchor, so to speak, in the small town of Newstadt for three Swhole weeks. Our party was a small one, consisting of a Prussian gentleman (recently become a naturalised Englishman), three. 'young lads, and myself.- -We will-call- my' Prussian friend Biideker, and introduce him; at the Esame time to my readers as a genial, kind, muscular fellow, whom everyone liked and -nobody shunned. ,He was :the life ,ofi any company he found himself 'in, ever! making fun, with an inventive genius for -amusement perfectly wonderful. Well-- dressed, clean, pleasantly bejewelled, he had on the surface but one fault, and that I must pardon him for, since I learnt to imitate him that same summer-he was never without a pipe or cigar in his mouth. Did I go. to 1:wake him in the morning the: Wied was 'already lit. Did we go bathing, it- wasput down as the last garment was put off, to be resumed some time before' the first vesture was put on., Breakfast interrupted him, and so did dinner, but at supper he can hardly be said to have allowed his cigar to go out.- Well, he was and is a good fellow, and the, gorging fiend tobacco does anot lessen his good temper. We occupied rooms ,;in -:tho chief hotel, very comfortable, and very -moderate, for the. landlordr was some wsort of connexion of -my friend. '. He was a 'most excellent host, and his wife and children were very nice-far superior,'I am :sorry to ,say, to anything in the same rank -of life in England. His son was a lad-of. fourteen, well-educated, and of good. manners. : Hie :little girl, seven years old, was simply charm Sing. She was at home for. a fortnight's ;holiday while we were there, and several 'times I had the pleasure of .a German lesson in pronunciation from her lips, which was somehow conducted in this way : She would .;kneel -on'the sofa near me, and call on me to say some simple word after her. If my clumsy tongue failed to do it justice, a tender little box on the ear, with a look of indignation from her pretty eyes, was my punishment; but if I was successful and .satisfied her, my abundant: reward was a gentle kiss from rosy lips. I need not say that I progressed- rapidly in that fortnight; :in the proper use of my gutturals, so that I think I could satisfy even: a Scotchman in ,pronouncing his beloved loch. \- -Our daily life was passed much. in this way. At'seven we awoke and lit a cigar; .in about half an hour we rose, and decently robing, hurried down to 'a large mill-pool, about five minutes' walk from 'the, hotel, where a.capital swim was to-be obtained. Afterwards, a light breakfast- of. eggs and 'bffee, followed by a short walk or a long read. Dinner at one, for the Germans dine early, supper being a very important institution. About five o'clock we always sallied forth for a walk in the delicious woods that lay close by. These woods are full of game. They extend for miles, and the game is preserved by a body of foresters in the pay of the King. These are real foresters, dressed in green, with regular discipline, looking more like riflemen than gamekeepers, generally having a short sword or a long knife at their sides. Wild boars are still to be found in these woods, and one day I had the pleasure of dining off a steak cut from one of these animals. It tasted a great deal more like hare than pork. About two miles from our town there was a caravansary. I use this term as there is nothing in our country that in the least describes it. It is not a public-house or tavern, not a tea gardens, not a mere inn or hotel, but it combines something of all these characteristics. There are lodgings to be had, there are liquors to be drunk, there are tables and arbours under the trees. There is even tea to be had, as we saw one day when the school children had their fdte day. All the little town turned out to see the festival, -and finished up the day by having their tea in the gardens of this same build ing. Usually when we arrived at this place we found a number of schoolmasters' passing their evening here in company with many of the principal tradesmen of the town. 'They very kindly invited us to join their society while we stayed in the neighbourhood. There is no broad and fast line in Prussia between the professional and trading class; but education has raised this latter one to almost an equal level with the former. I was very much struck with this fact, nor could. I see any reason for objecting to an inspector of schools hobnobbing over beer with 'the -watchmaker of the town. : They seemed all to be on most friendly'and inti mate ter'is. O.ir evenings, were thus passed with these gentlemen, for so they all were. Large mugs of beoer called seidels were emptied and replenished rather rapidly, I tlhought;'; but then beer-drinking abroad,. though very extensive, -is sober and respect able. Every single- man had a song-book, and apparently every single man had a voice. Chorus after chorus, song aftersong, followed- in quick succession. They never seemed to tire of this amusement. We have not the least approach to such a custom in ouurland. I think we should be happier if we had. If.we do happein to meet socially, perhaps one or two of the party can sing a decent song decently; but here the whole company joined in, evidently familiar with the music of every chorus in the book. It was at one of these m~etings that the senior master proposed to my friend Bade ker and myself to join a piirty going over to a gymnastic fdto at a little !village about nine miles from our town. This is another characteristic of German life, which I re Sjoice to see is being grafted orn to our English customs. Every town, village, or school has-its gymnasium. Here at Nes taudt, the gymnasium was in the open air, inia clear space in the woods about half a mile from the town. "WVe gladly accepted the offer of our friends, but pleaded that we had no proper costume. This difficulty was soon arranged, however; for we found that a pair of Holland trousers wras- all' that was required to make us gymnasts in appear ance. These were lent us, and I think my friend and I rather took the shine out of the otheri by the rest of'our get-up. -For we had brought some very light coats, narrow blue ties, and white wide-awakes, with a broad band of liglit: blue round 'them, the same shade as our ties. As we did not in tend t6 ekert buriselves.. we.. wore light linen shirts, which bore also a favourable contrast to the flannel shirts about us. Thevillage to which we were to go was on the Oder. The day of the fete was Sunday,.. for in Protestant Prussia the Sunday is quite as much of a holiday as in any Roman Catholic country; the main difference between them being that the Catholics go to mass, and the Protestants go nowhere. As we had nine miles to drive, we of course were to start early, so at seven we two were bathing as usual, and at eight we found ourselves at a trysting-place on the high road. For a few minutes we were alone, and nothing in sight, so we lay down at the roadside on a plaid we had brought with us to sit upon. By and-bywowere joined= by one"or two,' and soon the rest of the party came in sight in the conveyance. This was a cart with.deal boards from onoe end to the other as -seats. VWe? had_ two ;horses, .very-heavy and very `slo?w ; but the chief -drawback to bthe whole arrangement.. was ,the want of, springs; "so th'at the rideitself was a gymnastic exercise of no small importance. In we all scrani bled, and found we were about a dozen in number.L . We two -were congratulated on our personal get-up,, and then, the ever lasting; song-book was produced, which never was put- away. until we 'reached Oderburg. Nothing particular occurred upon the road, except about h?llf-way' soume of "our party got 'out :and' pulled branch .after =branch from the young tiees of.the wood through which the road led. With these they decorated vthe cart and sheltered -us some what from' the sun, which' was now burniiig, for the day was beautiful, without a cloud in the sky. -. .. -... On our arrival the mayor, a man of about thirty-five, met ..us at the entrance of the village. After welcoming us, he requested us to descend from the cart and march on foot into 'the town. With hiim'at our head, three abreast, we walked, singing a lively gymnastic march,"to the centre 'of;thle`vil lage, wliere we brike up into little sets until two o'clock. It' whs'now nigh twelve, and the first master carried off my friend and myself to dine at the house of the ,chief butcher of 'the village, a worthy miin' who had married his cousii.. She ,welcoined the strangers very, heartily and bustled' about dinner., Her son, a young lad of fourteen, played the piano; very well whilst- we. were waiting.. In .the :middle off our .dinner, which the wife served to 'us, and' during which, as is.the German-custom, shewaited on us, sitting down to take her portion when all the rest were helped; the mayor came in to'welcome the two strangers from England. After chatting agreeably for a quarter of an hour, he left us to see that every one was getting- dinner somewhere or other. -This was no light task, for more than two hun dred gymnasts were collected on this occa sion from surrounding villages. After dinner we: smoked our pipes, Butcher, jun., dis coursing sweet sounds for us once more. He was a thorough gentlemanly 'lad, and spoke very fair English, so as to make, him self quite understood. At two o'clock' we were summoned by a trumpet, and turned out to join the rest of our friends. .-On the market-place, all the gymnasts, ourselves included, fell into procession quickly, with out fuss, and with a band playing in front, and the gymnastic flag of the district flying in the midst, away we marched, still singing. The town was very gaily decked with flags, and all the population, rich and poor, young and old, marched up with us to the regular ground, about a mile from the market-place. What the parsons did for congregations that day, I can't imagine; probably they, too, came up to see the show. Now, so far I had supported my character very well, as the only difficulty was to wear my trousers properly, keep step regularly, and join in the choruses loudly. But as we neared the scene of action, I began to feel nervous lest I should be discovered as an impostor, for though my friend was an athlete, I was in no sense one, for I never made myself a crank on a horizontal bar, never risked my precious neck by hanging with my toes from a beam. I much prefer a live horse to a hard wooden dead one. I feel slight sea sickness on a swing, and have always had a wholesome dread of a trapeze. I have no vaulting ambition, and prefer the parallel lines 'of Euclid to the parallel bars of a gymnasium. At last we arrived at the ground, which was skirted by a few light trees, at the corner of which was a consider able inn of the same character as the one I have described. Into the ground we all marched, but the first master, Badaker, and myself fell out to the shades of the trees, on the plea that the sun was too hot. The preliminary exercise then took place, all the men first removing their hats. One man led them, and -they went through a variety of extensive motions which would have of themselves destroyed me under that sun. After twenty minutes of this' sort of thing they then divided into several 'parties, one for'the trapeze, a second for the:horizontal bar, a third for the parallels, a fourth for the horse, and so on. I soon found that, there was sufficient at each position to make my.appearance there of no sort of interest to anybody, and so, much comforted, I again began to enjoy myself.' I did, however, at the solicitation of the mayor, who took me under his special observation that day, attempt one little feat 'of. jumping. Two regular poles were. setl up, and a small company of men began the process of jumping at .a very clow and safe height. Iere I thought I should' be safer than anywhere else, as it was impossible to trip, and I could easily leave off before disgracing myself. So I took my turn and went over the string about six times; but I found that I was an object of more admira tion than I quite wanted, for I was greeted at each successful jump with a chorus from the ldokers on of "der Englander, der Eng lander," the Englishman the Englishman. So I quietly retired, evidently overcome by the heat, but otherwise apparently capable of jumping my own height at the very least. By degrees the feebler gymnasts fell away to pipes and beer, but I stayed to watch the more skilful of each ivillage perform cleverly on the various instruments of torture. At about a quarter to five, the labour was all over, and we were summoned to supper, which was laid out on two long tables in the open air in the gardens of the inn. A huge barrel of beer stood on trestles betweezi the two tables, and was replenished more' thain once. Everyone ordered what he pleased for his'supper, the usual dish 'leing "cote lette mit kartoffel'n," which may be inter preted:~-" chop and potatoes." This was washed down with "seidels "' of beer. WThen hunger was a ipeased, and the seidels filled, the mayor rose to propose the health of the gymnasts Whio had honoured Oderburg w?ith their piresence that day. He spoke words of warm welcome to them, congratu latedithem on. their performance, said.a few words about. the advantages of gymnastic exercises, alluded delicately to the strangers from England who had also joined them in their fete. The speech was short, straight forward, very much to the point, and re ceived with many gutteral exclamations of approval. The Oderburgians at its close clinked glasses with their neighbours, and drunk their very good healths. Then, one after the other, the spokesman of each asso ciation rose and returned thanks, each vil lage being specially honoured at the end of its champion's speech by more hurrahs, more beer, and more clinking of glasses. Finally, my friend Badeker stood upon his feet, and, in an impassioned speech, declared that, though forced by his position to live in a foreign land, yet that his fatherland was as precious as ever to his heart, nor for a day ever left his memory. He expressed his grati tude, 'and that of his friends from England, for:the exceedingly kind and hospitable man ner in which they had been received. The moment he sat down again nearly the whole body of gymnasts came out of their seats, determined not to let pass the chance of testifying their friendship for Englishmen, and I found myself and my beer surrounded by a'perfect crowd of glasses, which threat ened by their friendly clinkings to break. the beaker, in. my hand. .I can hardly under stand the, cause of this enthusiasm, for a very short time- before . the' sight of an Englishman was obnoxious to a Prussian, owing to some row at theBonn railway sta tion. .,I had only liad a fortnight's acquaint ance :with a. few of these gentlemen,. yet have remembered them ever since as friends ; but then I make a'point.of imme diately dropping my insular prejudices when I leave the deck of the Channel steamer. In England .I may: believe an. Englishman to be the greatest of earthly beings, but on the continent -I don't find that he is very, superior', to other people.. Be the cause what it may, the it eenter cordialo .was very strongly, developed on- this occasion.: . This 'was the 'conclusion o of `th'io: suipper, but not of" the festivities . A:' couple, of. hours passed by, during which we:;returned to the:village 'to :send; our young friends' home with the:laxidlord's son, ?and 'theriwe, inducedtho' butcher's wife: and daughter: to' go to a ball at' the innionri thee ground. In this gymnastic exercise the-ladies could join. I .was' curious, too, to see a,: little -female society of the same status'asithe gentlemen I had learnt to know. But for various reasons I could -not -use my opportunities very well. 'In the first place, I was igno rant of the Janguage, with the exception of a few 'commonplace phrases. Secondly, the room was fearfully warm and close, as all the windows were shut-a German always seems to me to have a most unwholesome fear of draughts, -and certainly on this occasion not a ghost of one could sneak up the stairs. Thirdly, the room was well filled, and conse quently, the dancing-place more than crowded. It therefore seemed a pity to interfere with the enjoyment of others, even by so small a bulk as my own carcase. I had no fear about not being able to dance, as there seemed to be nothing on the pro gramme more intricate than polkas and waltzes; so I only took a few turns in a waltz with the daughter of my host for the day, and then gladly retired to the cool shade" of an arbour for coffee and tobacco. There was, however, one name on the pro gramme that puzzled me, and I determined to see what it meant, if I could hit off the right time. This dance was called the Rheinlander. When I once more entered the ball-room dancing was suspended for a few minutes, and I therefore walked across the room to look at the list, and fortunately found that I was right, and that the next dance was the unknown. But now the first sorrow of the day overtook me. My friend the mayor, seeing me solitary and gazing at the programme, with eager kindness rushed forward, and insisted on introducing me to a fair but dignified creature in green muslin. It was no use my attempting to decline, because my German tongue was too faltering and lame, so I submitted to mis fortune, and was trotted out to dance an un known step. But this was not all, nor the worst. When there is a small space for dancing, according to German custom, the company, as fast as they find partners, stand up in a kind of close procession. The master of the ceremonies, on this occasion the mayor, counts off a dozen couples, who are soon started by the first note of the band, and whirl about the room till it is thought time for them to pause, which is announced by the clapping of the master's hands. The next dozen then follow in order, and thus confusion is avoided, clothes are not destroyed, the short-winded are preserved, inveterate dancers are curbed, and all have a fair chance. It will be at once seen that the nearer to the front, the speedier is the chance of dancing, and consequently there is a rush for the foremost place. Now, no sooner had I found a part ner, than the mayor, determined not to do things by halves, led me forward to the post of honour, though at least twenty couples were already there. Here was a predica ment. I was expected to lead off in a dance I had never learnt, had never seen, had never heard of. The eyes of the present world were upon me. I could hope, if I attempted the feat out of sheer desperation, to do nothing less than throw the whole column 'into confusion. Vainly did I pro test in choking gutterals my ignorance of the dance. Not -a word I said was under stood. When at last a little light dawned upon my friend of my meaning, he put my hesitation down to modesty, not to fear. I looked round for help, and saw Biideker, but when I beckoned to him to come he merely laughed, and sat cruelly enjoying the joke, which he had seen from the first. Almost entreating, I was at length put into the column somewhere, having kept these anxious but patient pleasure-seekers waiting for. me at least five minutes. And then began the music, and all grief and sorrow fell from me, for I recognised the well known notes of an old schottisohe. In another':moment 'I was moving round the room--with-my attendant cloud of green gauze, chastened somewhat in my energy to distinguish myself 'by the solemn pauses of this. inelegant' dance, which is only one degree less stupid than the famous toe-and heel-polka. 'Once more I escaped at the close of my performance, heated yet happy, solitary yet safe, to the flesh air, determined on.no account to risk another adventure in that crowded room. It was one o'clock, however, before -ny friendis',were ready to leave, and exhausted by the gymnastic exer cifes'of the last ten hours, few of them re mained awvake; as I-did, on the way home. The-dayshad fully broken when. we drove lazily into Neustadt, dropped one by one from the springless cart, bid one another a warm but sleepy farewell, and sought each his bed for the next few hours. Thus ended one of the pleasantest and most amusing days I ever spent in my German life, but which filled me with regret that we in Eng land :had so little amusement that could be called as rational or general as these pleasant country village fetes. - WonRs.--=Words are strangely capricious. We see in the papers that a man is convicted of abducting a girl under sixteen. One would think he had abduced her.. l She was produced in court, not producted:.. He?ein=' duced her to go with him;"not inducted; though by this time he is inducted into the character of prisoner at hard labour., By thus conducting himself hethas, we trust, not conduced to his own comfort; though he seduced her from her home, our language at least holds him guiltless of seducting her. He deducted her from the number of her family, but it is not said he deduced her, though there are those who think. it. not difficult to find premises from which a girl may be deduced. We cannot adduce any more instances, and shall not attempt to adduct any.-Athenreum. The petitioners for pardons in America meet with various luck. Mr. F. B. Car penter, the artist, vouches for the truth of an account he gives of the success of- a young woman in obtaining from the late Presideht a pardon for her only: brother,- a foreigner, who had enlisted, and:been in diiced by bad company to desert, was retaken and sentenced to be shot. She had 'waited in vain for two whole days in hopes of being admitted into the presence of the President, when she accidentally came under thenotice of a gentleman who had a special appoint ment at the White House, and- who, hearing her story, and-perceiving'the urgency of the case, 'tbok her' in 'with him.' Mr.; Lincoln Sread her petition, -thidied` the expressionof her 'ountenance; and then;, as his eye fell on her scanty but neat dress, he exclaimed, "uimyvpoor girl,- you have come here with no governor, or senator; or member of Congress to plead your cause; youi seem' lonest and truthful, and-you don t wear hoops, and I will be whipped but I will pardon your brother." TAMuAs BODiIN's Anvrcn TO BACHIIELR. -There isa- away :o' doin' -everything under the siti, 'sli' certainly adverteezin' in the newspape~s is no the way to engage the affections o' a- young leddy. If ye wad bring a young leddy to the scratch' o' marryin', ye maun cheek up till her in pro pria persona-ye maun tak' her oot to walk -ye maun accompany her to .a picnic party -ye maun carry her parasol when it is not required-ye maunimak' her a present o' a brooch or a locket containing your portrait an' a lock o' your hair--ye- maun tak' her to concerts an' balls, an' pay for her ticket-ye maun write verses in her praise, an' get them inserted in a local paper; an' after ye've noticed, frae her looks an' ither tokens perfectly intelligible to an ardent swain, that the thing would be appreciated in the proper quarter, ye maun throw yer arms aroond her lily neck, and imprint a warm kiss upon her ruby lips. Then ye may propose, an', tak' my word for it, ye'll ,be accepted. , Nae fear o' gettin' a wife sae' lang as the ae half o' the warld is born to marry the ither half. A GEMa-CoLLEoTOR's STORY.--Only yester day, a very ill-looking fellow-a foreigner, all hair and false jewellery; and a very foolish thing it was of him to come to me with paste diamonds in his shirt-front brought a letter of introduction with him from a friend of mine at Dresden. The letter was genuine; but I had my doubts from the first as to whether this was the gentleman to whom it referred. However, I brought him in here and showed him the gems. He made some commonplace obser vations which convinced me he knew nothing of the subject, and after thanking me, in a somewhat servile manner, for my courtesy, took up his hat to go. I slipped between him and the door, and locked it in a second. "My ruby," said I, "if you please, or you're a dead man." And I put the pistol to his forehead. That little stone, which I have said is valued at above a thousand pounds, was missing. Instead of being indignant, my gentleman merely answered, "indeed, you are mistaken, sir. You may call your servant, and examine every pocket.". "I know that, you scoun drel," returned I. "You have swallowed that ruby; now, drink this, or die." I held the weapon in one hand, and a mixture, which was an emetic, in the other. The situation was very disagreeable for him, I have no doubt, but did not seem to be at all embarrassing. - He shrank from the pistol, or at least the police-station, which was its alternative, and took the physic like a lamb, while I stood over him with the weapon and the bowl (that little white basin yonder), exactly as Queen Eleanor stood over Fair Rosamond. That's why I call it Eleanor's mixture; a decoction without which no gem-cabinet of any value can be pronounced complete. When I miss a specimen, I always know at once that some visitor has swallowed it, and then, you know, he has to swallow this.-Across the Walnuts and the Wine, in Chamber's Journal. Mr. Corbett's cheap dining places in Glasgow have not only fulfilled the most sanguine expectations of their benevolent projector, but have apparently been pro ductive of a happy effect in a direction not originally contemplated. The cooks and attendants are all women, and their habits of neatness and culinary skill are so highly prized by the clerks and artisans of Glasgow?, that Mr. Corbett finds he can seldom keep any of his girls beyond a short period. A jeweller named Christopher Walton, carrying on business in the city, was sum moned for having published a defamatory libel on his son, a young man twenty- two years of age. The libel consisted of a private letter written by the father to the` son, in which the latter was soundly up braided for the misconduct of his- past lile. It fell into the hands of a third person, at whose house the son--had been sojourning. The defence was that the communication, as a private letter, was strictly privileged. The defendant was committed for trial 'at the central criminal court. A woman, named Susan Buckney, has bben charged at the Lambeth police court with having killed her little boy, seven years of age. The deceased, who was sitting 'at toea, had been guilty of some slight miscon duct, when the: mother, in a moment of' passion, threw a table-knife at him.; The knife entered his side, and in a` short time the child bled to death. In a recent number of All the Year Round there appeared an announcement s.tating that there are to be no more special Christ mas numbers. Mr. Dickens says :-" The Extra Christmas Number has now been so extensively, regularly, and often imitated, that it is in very great danger of becoming tiresome. I have therefore resolved (though I cannot add willingly) to abolish it, at the highest tide of its success." The Nottingham papers report some ex traordinary proceedings on the part of some fanatical religionists, headed by Mr. Dupe and: J.. Birch, D.D. Mr. Birch was an nounced as a converted nigger; but the re porter says he was no more like a nigger than a table is like a chair. He played a banjo, however, with which he accompanied the liymns. His performances took such an effect, we are told, upon the assemblage that-many of them could not resist joining in the chorus. At the conclusion Mr. Birch was heartily applauded; in fact, he was en cored when he sang a hymn after the tune of "ladies, won't you marry," commencing "Adam was the first man." . His second performance was attended with great en thusiasm, and as if with an eye to monetary matters, for books were being sold by one of the disciples below, he vociferated "cho rus," and this was repeated several times at the end of nearly every verse. Mr. Dupe explained that the 'initials D.D. affixed to Mr. Birch's name-meant'devil driver. Two VALUvALE .REOIPEs.-For cholic or scours in horses :-Give a 'half-tumbler of spirits of camphor. in a pintof' warm water (cold will do); if not relieved, in fifteen minutes repeat the dose.. Give-nothing else. I have never known it .fail in a practice of twenty years. No after bad effects. - Nail in the' foot --To relieve from the terrible effects of running aniail 'in the' foot of man or horse,' take peach 'leaves, apply to the wound, confine with 'bandage, and the cure is as if-by magic.' Renew the application twice if. necessary; but' one application usually does the:work.: I have cured both man and horse in a few hours, when they. were apparently on the point of having the lockjaw. . These recipes, remembered and practised, will save many valuable lives. Correspondent of American paper. Nnw DEVIcE FOR MANUFAOTUIRING SUL Prunail Ac?n.-The apparatus invented 'by M. Lardani consists of a furnace for burning sulphur 'and forming sulphurous acid, a washer or scrubber, a refrigerator, a re acting vessel, and a regenerator for nitric acid. The warm sulphurous acid gas, made by burning sulphur and forced out of the furnace by a current of air, which furnishes oxygen, enters the scrubber and is freed from volatilised sulphur. After pass ing through the refrigerator it enters the reacting vessel, composed of two parts, the lower containing nitric acid and the upper pumice-stone, resting on plates of lead or aluminium, pierced with holes. The gas passes through the nitric acid, and after receiving another equivalent of oxygen it sinks, in the form of sulphuric acid, to the bottom; while the hyponitric escapes through the pumice-stone, and, traversing the upper part of the apparatus, enters the regene rator, where, meeting with an excess of oxygen, it is transformed into nitric acid, and ready to be used again in oxidising sulphurous acid. The comparative economy of the process we are unable to give; but any plan for cheapening the production of this most important mineral acid will excite great interest amongst the manufacturing chemists. EXCELLENT WHITEWASH. - At the re quest of several subscribers we repeat the following American recipe. There are many recipes published, but we believe the follow ing to be the best that can be used :-White chalk is the best substitute for lime as a wash. A very fine and brilliant whitewash prepara tion of chalk is called "Paris white." This. we buy at the paint stores for three cents a pound, retail. For each sixteen pounds of Paris white we procure half a pound of the white transparent glue, costing twenty-five cents (fifty cents a pound). The sixteen pounds of Paris white is about as much as a person will use in a day. It is prepared as follows:-The glue is covered with cold water at night, and, in the morning is care fully heated, without scorching until dissolved. The Paris white is stirred in with hot water, enough to give it the proper milk. consistency. for applying to the walls, and the dissolved glue is then added and thoroughly mixed. It is then applied with a brush like a common lime whitewash. Except on very dark and smoky walls and ceilings, a single coat is suffi cient. It is nearly equal in brilliancy to azinc white, a far more expensive article. On Monday, 21st September, a shocking affair took place at 64, Tavistock-crescent, Netting-hill, the residence of Mrs. Russell, a widow, the authenthic details of which are as follows:-On Sunday night, Septem ber the 20th, Mrs. Russell and a servant girl named Seiler, went to bed in different rooms. All was then quiet, and no other person ought to have been in the house. At about three 'o'clock on Monday morning a little bull-dog that generally slept in Mrs. Russell's room growled. Mrs. Russell awoke and saw a light. She became alarmed, jumped out of bed, and said, " who is that?" She at first thought it was the girl. The person addressed made no answer. Mrs. Russell went towards the light. It was blown out. She then felt a sharp blow on her forehead. The room was the second floor back, and she rushed towards the window of it. While she was throwing up the window her unknown as sailant still struck at her. She leapt out and fell on the soft earth beneath. Her screams brought the neighbours. Upon their arrival Dr. Harding was sent for, and he found that a piece of Mrs. Russell's skull had been chopped off the forehead. The brain was exposed. She was carried into the house. She is thirty-four years of age. "The house was robbed of two £5 notes, a purse, and 10s. in silver. In the kitchen were found a pair of boots, the pro perty of a brother of the servant, who -states that she knows nothing about the affair. Her mistress believes her. Her brother is only twenty years of age. He was living with his family the night before the outrage was committed. He was a dis charged soldier from the 59th Regiment, and the war-office have furnished the police with a description of him. Near the break fast parlor there was a chest of tools, from which the criminal took a chisel, a knife, 'and . a.spall, axe. ,- It was withthis last. tamed weapqgnthat'the more serious injuyTiesa 'were inflicted' upon the 'head .of Mrs. Rus sell. Dr. Harding,. one ol the gentlemen who saw the unfortunate lady soon aftert the assault, expresses hope of her ultimate', recovery. Nothing as yet has been heard of Seiler. In the State Inebriate Asylum, New York, there are ninety inmates. They repre. sent every class of profession-ministers of the gospel, lawyers, eminent merchants, literary men, the young and the aged. A great many of the inmates have been dis charged as cured. While in the asylum they visit the surrounding towns for the pur- . pose of lecturing, preaching, and making addresses. Quite an interesting course of lectures was maintained last winter, manned r wholly by the inmates of the asylum- i talented, eloquent, successful when away I from their cups. All concede that the insti tution is one of great value, and is doing a great work among the intelligent inebriatds. A letter from Prague of let October says:-.. 1 A marriage has just taken place at Tcoplitz.a The bridegroom was a Protestant and the a bride a Catholic. The Catholic priest had v refused to bless the union unless the parties I made the customary promises relative to the education of the children. Those promises y not having been given, the sacrament of f penitence and of the altar was refused the \- lady. This circumstance created among the t population deep irritation, which manifested a itself at the time of the civil marriage. The Governor of the district, who discharged the - functions of officer of civil affairs, presented r himself in full uniform, and delivered a ,f speech full of tact. An enormous crowd r was assembled, and maintained strict a silence. When the act of marriage had terminated, one of those present cried, ,4" long live the Emperor! who -has freed us 1 from a degrading yoke." Thousands' of e voices responded with enthusiasm, " iivat!" n "Long live the constitution, which has se e cured liberty to all! " added the same voice, e and similar acclamations followed. Some a of the spectators then congratulated the a newly-married couple. This affair caused h general satisfaction amongst the population y of the town. e Mr. James Caird has published an esti. d mate of the'- harvest, of 1868, according to which the yield 'of. wheat has been nearly equal to that of. 1864, but is not of so good a quality as the crop of.1863. The yield has been at the rate of'thirty-two bushels'i an acre, or five above the yearly average. SMr. Caird anticipated that we shall pay £15,000,000 less for foreign wheat than we did last year; but there is a deficiency of £10,000,000 in barley and oats, while the >f hay and green crops were nearly annihilated h by the protracted drought. In the growth is of potatoes there is an increase of 80,000 _ acres, and the crop will be of an average character. The Russian Frigate, Alexander Newski, with the Grand Duke Alexis, son of the , Emperor of Russia, on board was wrecked on the 25th September, off Harboore, on the west coast of Jutland. Grand Duke it Alexis and all the crew, one account says, e were saved; but according to another five h sailors were drowned. The pastor of Harboore accommodated the duke with quarters, while the crew were received into the houses of the peasantry. The King of Denmark, as soon as he heard of the dis aster, dispatched a frigate and an aide-de y camp to render whatever assistance might it be required. The Round Table states that the coasts of e New Brunswick, Prince Edward's Islands, New Jersey, and a portion of the eastern g Atlantic shore are gradually uprising, while those of the Bay of Fundy and Greenland e are slowly sinking. It is said that if this should continue for ten centuries the map of the American continent would in 2900 present an entirely different appearance. e The Hudson's Bay and Jersey shore would' become fruitful valleys, with countless:; inland seas. Where now the banks of New s' foundland lie, there would then be penin a sulas connected with the mainland, as the banks of St. George are at present. The e passage from Ireland to America would then e take but four days. n Irishmen cannot very well complain of a being neglected when the distribution of 8 good appointments is going on. As one of d their own journals points out, the new Governor-General in both India and Canada i. is an Irishman, "Irishmen occupy the r, government houses at. Sydney and Welling Y ton, and others are to be found at the head d of lesser dependencies." This list might be I. indefinitely increased if it were extended to n all high offices under the crown, but as con d fined only to colonial governors it makes a \-- very respectable show. When American a writers compare Ireland with Poland do they ever consider such facts as these? g Do they find that Poles are singled out by , the Russian government for the most di , tinguished posts in the empire? I A PRESERVATIVE OF?WOOD.--Experiments recently conducted in Holland have satisfied t theorists that tar is not a preservative of t wood. If anything, it has a tendency to r rot timber; but it has been certainly ascer . tained that creosote will keep it in excellent g order for years. Ino I FILmNs FOR APPLE-TREES.-A pint 1l of iron filings placed around an apple.tree e on which are dead spots make an excellent remedy. Apple-trees require iron in about it the same proportion as the human system; e the effect is much t :e same. When the soil e becomes exhausted of iron the trees begin a to decay. S A NEW L.xP.-The French, who were d always strong in lamps, have lately brought s out a new invention, -which is said to be as \- brilliant as the oxy-hydrogen and lime-light, t while it has the recommendation of being r much less costly. Coal-gas, 'ihtimately mixed a with air,'is urged withgeintle pressoure along 1 a tube, and made to pass through a metallio Splate, pierced full of minute holes:. By this . means a vast number of jetes.are obtained, I which, after being driven' through a fine f tissue of platinum-wire, are lighted in the 5 ordinary way. ' The platinum soon acquires e a white heat, and gives out so brilliant a \- light -that it cannot be supported by the o naked eye. About one metre of gas is con-. a sumed per hour. It is called the ?T.bouroe r lamp.-Oil Trade Review. SIf the ant gives an example of industry, it Sis much more than a good many uncles do.. A New Orleans gentleman calls the negro. Sa remnint of the dark ages. '·rinted and pltblislhed by Jolhn Gate, sole proprietor, at Iis lfi ofee, Rutledge-street, (Jceenbeuoan, i,n the colony , of Koeo bouts WYales. 