THE THEATRE ROYAL. OEESING SEASON AT THE THEATRE ROYAL, j Adelaide has attained the highest stage of civilization, for she has succeeded in domes ticating the Muses as they ought to be domesticated. She has given them a temple in which the art of the builder is an incite ment to the art of the dramatist. Their devotees may now worship in comfort, and no histrionic illusion need be destroyed by the incongruity of its surroundings. A shop in Sindley-street, where not many months ago ribbons were being measured out and slops " fitted, on, has been, transformed, into one of the most elegant theatres* in the Australian '•Colonies. The artistic taste of the too immunity has received a stimulus which may gradually infuse a more catholic feeling into our public amusements. Those who retain the dramatic sympathies which were so eagerly cultivated in the mother country may now gratify them without personal sacrifice or "nconvenieuce. There is no longer a gulf of separation in the shape oof-dark, dirty, and not very reputable streets ^between the stage and the public. A few -steps fr-sm the principal thoroughfare of the city carry us into a building where the most fashionable audience in the world need not be ashamed to sit nor tlie most celebrated actor to play. A social want which had i been felt and lamented for years has, through * the intelligent enterprise of three private vr.ifcraevi^ Eieen satisfactorily supplied within a few months. All who cherish a patriotic and unpre judiced interest in the progress of the drama have naturally expected much from this reform. It was confidently predicted that .tire attendance at the Theatre would im \- prove ia proportion, and that the lessees would thereby be enabled to bring a higher -class of actors. Old frequenters were to come more frequently than ever, and the respecta bility which used to pay angels' visits to .She dress circle was heucefoiiili to be regular ia its patronage. At the opening of the season four specific advantages were held ia prbspact—First, better accommodation for theatregoers ; second, increased support to the local drama; third, a higher style aud greater variety of acting ; fourth, an im provement in the moral tone of the stage, ■and more general appreciation by the public. At the close of the season it is expedient that these four questions should be carefully put and answered. Regarding the first there ■can he no dispute. The architectural and -■aeousticproperties of the Theatre have almost 'defied fault-finding. No complaint lias ever been made of bad seats, of defective view, «or of imperfect hearing. The means of entrance may lie open to criticism, but that is a subordinate matter which can only he regnlated by experience. We understand -fea± the proprietors intend making various -alterations to avoid crowding in the lobbies. . A. separate entrance will also,' if possible, be provided for the stalls, and various other improvements which have suggested them selves during the season will be speedily effected. The second question is has the local drama been better supported in the new Theatre than ander the Solomon regime? Undoubtedly it hats, though not to the extent which might have been expected. Better houses have been seen in Hindley-street than ever graced fee Temple, and as for the Montgomery season no one can say that it has had a precedent in the history of the colony. No -twelve consecutive nights could show such an -aggregate of receipts. But, on the other hand, Mr. Solomon's very worst nights have had their match in BQndlay-street. Mr. Coppin's combined antipathy to legitimate drama and the Town Hall could find no stronger illustration than the fact of Anderson havingplayed a leading Shaksperian character fe> ma eleven-pound house. He seems to have forgotten Mat Trior's adage, that some -fcimes a different cause the same effect will give. The eleven-pound houses frequently reproduced themselves in the Theatre Royal when theie were no bad acoustics nor any legitimate drama to make a scapegoat of. Before the close of the season Mr. Coppin's argument rather ungratefully turned against him The public taste of Adelaide vindi cated itself by decisively repudiating his sensational negrophobia—the Uncle Tom's Cabin rubbish which he offered as a sub stitute for the true but unappreciated Thalia. Uncle Tom sounded the treasury at the Royal more than the most unfortunate Shaksperian character had done at the Town Hall So, if the two failures had a common cause, it should not be looked for in the auditorium. A search behind the curtain might bs more successful. And when taste is dragged into the dispute, the public should 'be allowed to criticise the manager's as freely as he does theirs. Now is the time to turn the tables on Mr. Coppin and to give him some information in exchange for his patronising advice on muni opal and theatrical affairs. Before all his Star Company take farewell of us they ought to be told whether or not they have succeeded in their mission of elevating the local stage. Then can we, looking back on the past season, say that we arc indebted to them for a higher style and greater variety of acting? With every respect for the few genuine and deserving comedians amongst them, they have as a stock company been decidedly under fee average. The utmost that has ever been expected from them was one or two excellent characters smothered in untrained and untrainable stupidity. A good cast was one of the rarest accidents conceivable. Dummies and abortions were the rule, well acted parts the exception. In the Temple we were never without dummies, and there was always at least one who had palpably missed his vocation; but there was also enough of respectable acting to render such blemishes tolerable. In his leading men Mr. Coppio might compare with Mr. Solomon; bat in no other respect. Rogers, when he Sad decent characters assigned him, could rise nearly, if not quite, to the level of Hoskins. Greville was a fair substitute for Noting, if no improvement upon him. Miss St. Denis started with a fair promise of eclipsing Mrs. Jackson, but latterly her pro gress was of a very equivocal kind. Iii the second rank a parting compliment is due to our friends, the Holloways. During the season we -were sometimes compelled to strain all the canons of criticism iu describ ing their performances. Our correspondence will show that we have been remonstrated •with on this account, and the remonstrants profess to represent a large class of play goers, who consider that we have been too severe on these particular artists. To the insinuation of an animus it were beneath us to reply. Reasonable minds could desire no better proof of impartiality than this •candid admission, that others—and some of them, competent judges—have differed with us in opinion. Where the grounds of dissent have been stated we can easily vindi cate ourselves. For instance, one correspon dent accused us of injustice towards Mr. Holloway's Macduff because the gods applauded him, and we treated him as a caricature. To us this very applause is only another proof of the caricature; almost as conclusive if not as specific as those mentioned in. the critique. A private correspondent, who can speak i with authority oil the subject, charges us ■with unfairness in not giving Mr. and Mrs. Holioway credit for the following indis putable virtues—to wit, "being conscientious and painstaking, always well up in their parts, well and cleanly dressed"—in which respects, he adds, they are a great contrast to some of their fellow-actors. The con science and the pains we readily grant; but what is the value of an actor's conscience •without taste, or of any conscience if it is .not accompanied by judgment? The " pains" we may easily have too much of, and in •feuth we generally had from Mr. Holioway. 41 Being well up in their parts" might be praise for schoolboys, but hardly for artists. T\qt is cleanliness to be depised, especially in pare comedy; but if it were to be made a proof of dramatic talent, soap and water might transform any of us into great actors. Mr. Holloway's advocate has ended by showing a poorer appreciation of him than the so - called unjust critic. In tolerable as his acting sometimes appeared to us, we never thought of de grading him to the soapsuds standard. When we looked for a redeeming feature in his case, the reflection always presented itself that Nature was primarily to blame. She had ignored his ambition to shine in the Coppin galaxy, and had omitted to endow him with one single qualification for an actor. Her blundering work was frequently aggra vated by the stage manager, in forcing Mr. Holloway into most -unsuitable parts—for instance, Iago, or the Ghost in Hamlet. Towards Mrs. Holloway, Nature has been more generous. She has within her the elements of dramatic power, with a thoroughly dramatic spirit. But if her worst enemy had been her elocution master he could not have more grossly mal formed an originally good and pleasant voice. In characters where she has been able to restrain this defect she has often succeeded well; and it is not our fault if- the public so readily forget the praise we have in such case3 bestowed upon her while they treasure up in their memory all the subsequent censure. On the Holloway level there were a few more, such as Welsh, Lawrence, and Stanley, who, within a very narrow range of character, could play respectably. All beneath this was a dreary waste of bad tailoring and misapplied physical energy. The utility-men would have been much better utilized off the stage, hut the supers had the satisfaction of at least justifying their title. The dulness of the foot lights was reflected toward the sides, where the scene- shifters carried the noble art of clumsiness to its highest perfection. If there was a scene-painter at all—and as to his existence many beside ourselves were sceptical—his office must have been first cousin to a siueeure. He and the carpenter must have both belonged to the Mrs. Harris family. Certainly their labours contributed in a very infinitesimal degree to the enjoy ment of playgoers. All the mechanical and scenic effects were, with one exception, slurred over. Mr. Coppin adopted the best precaution against failure in this department by attempting nothing. He may have misjudged the resources of the Victoria, and consequently the expectations of the public based thereon; but all who looked to him for any improvement in the mechanical business of the stage might just as well have centred their hopes on some country carpenter's shop. Even as common carpentery, his machinist's work would not have commanded much admiration. The third question lias tlius to be answered negatively on ever}7 point of dramatic art. Mr. Coppin did not inaugurate tlie Theatre Royal by any reform in stage manage ment, or l>y any improvement in stock acting. Not half-a-dozen of his Star Company will be remembered as many months in connection with the opening season. This circumstance affects, to some extent, the answer to our fourth and last question. Chiefly owing to Mr. Coppin's shortcomings the stage has not been elevated in public esteem as the friends of the new Theatre had a right to anticipate. He has not accomplished his share of the intended reform. But his successors may be more fortunate in their endeavours. Notwith standing temporary disappointments, the ultimate object is still attainable. The architectural reputation of the Theatre has been firmly established, but dramatic repu tation will have to be purchased for by years of enterprise and good management. Fbiday, July 10. Me. Montgomery's Shylock. Mr. Coppin must get converted to legitimate drama by-and-by if he was ever converted to any other man's opinion ia liis life. The Shaksperian restorations, at which he sneer?, have drawn a better house than even his own benefit. Shylock has put the " Xieketof-Leave Man's Wife*' to shame, so that she will not be able to show face again for a season or two. There couid not have been a more faT or simple test of its merits, for if anything, circumstances were rather against Mr. Montgomery. At the last moment "The Merchant of Venice" was substituted for "Othello," which had been previously advertised. It was not an nounced, unless by posters, that the performance was to be for Mr. Montgomery's benefit, conse quently that circumstauce was late in becoming generally known, yet by Friday morning every seat in the dress circle was engaged. As soon as the doors opened crowds poured into every part of the house, iiong before the curtain rose people were looking in vain for seats. In the dress circle the unusual spectacle of ladies standing in the passage suggested, for the first time, a regret that the Theatre was not twice as large as it is. 'fill the very close there could be seen large numbers whose euthusiam made them submit cheer fully to imperfect accommodation and indifferent sight—drawuacks which would be resented on any ordinary occasion. After all it was said that many had remained outside in disappointment. This was unquestionably the audience of the season, and Mr. Montgomery may flatter himself that he has reached the climax of popularity. Adelaide could not, if it would, have done more to testify its appreciation of him. Great expectations seem to have been entertained regarding Shyloclt. There is a class of Shak speri.tns who prefer this style of serious comedy to the heroic tragedy of " Hamlet" or " Macbeth." They consider the play as a whole more interesting, and the characters less complex. Having a smoother current of action it demands less effort of them in following it. But they must admit, on the other hand, that it gives a less prominent position to the leading character, and by throwing greater responsibility on the cast in general increases the risk of impaired effect. Shylock is an inferior role to Hamlet in two respects—there is less in it, and also less of it. We therefore do not rank it among Mr. Montgomery's hiphest impersonations. The best Shylock iu the world would hardly deserve that honour. But he made quite as much of it as circumstances would admit. Without suggesting any startling novelty, he never allowed his audience to forget that his original mind had been at work here as weil as elsewhere Those who had seen and compared other Shylocks could dttect no imi tation of any former school, though at the same time there was less distinctive peculiarity in the role than we have generally obtained from Mr. Montgomery. This circumstance is no disparagement, but the reverse, for it proves that Mr. Montgomery does not strain at novelty for novelty's sake. He is an independent thinker, but not a mannerist. He introduces no change where lie does not consider it necessary. One of the most characteristic merits of his style is that it provokes so few comparisons. Everything he assumes appears so natural to him that no one thinks of enquiring where he obtained the idea, or wherein it differs from the i leas of other artists. It is so complete in itself that the spectator's mind is unconsciously filled by it, to the exclusion of all extraneous considerations. There is, we are aivare, a notion current about his Shylock, which may not seem quite consistent with these remarks. He has been charged with making innovations in it still more serious than those in Hamlet. Such an impression can only have arisen from his impersonation at Sydney of Mr. R. H. Home's modernized Shylock—quite a distinct thing from what he played yesterday. The latter, we repeat, was orthodox, and had, as far as we could observe, nothing more distinctive about it than its intrinsic excellence. The alarmists of innovation might have some difficulty in showing where there is room for diffe rent theories as to the motives and conduct of Shylock. His hatred of Antonio was manifestly actuated by two principles, one commercial and the other religious. Shylock himself says— "I hate him, for he is a Christian. But more for that, in low simplicity. He lends out money- gratis, and brings down The rate of usance with us here in Venice." There was a private spite and a public - a national resentment. " He hates our sacred nation." Shy lock was a money-lender, and Antonio had often interfered with his business. He was a miser, and Antonio had hindered his accumulation of ducats. But he was also a Jew, and "cursed be his tribe" if he forgave an insult that had been offered to it by a Christian. An artist, in seeking the key to Shylock's character, would recognise that one of those motives was much less reprehensible than the other. Patriotism is, within certain limits, a virtue; aud a Chatham dramatically expiring for his country on the floor of the House of Commons is not necessarily a nobler spectacle than a Hebrew money-lender of the middle ages seeking vengeance for the wrongs of his people. " If a Jew wrong a Christiau, what is his humility ? Kevenge. If a Christian wrong a Jew. what should his sufirance be by Christian ex ample? Why, revenge." This was soun 1 enough, ethics for the twelfth century; and Shylock, in practising it, proved himself not a monster, but a fanatic. He owed just as much grati tude to the Venetian nobles who borrowed his money as a Protestant would manifest toward the Romish Church for the prosecution of the Albi genses. _ As to the commercial motive, there is no elucidation needed. Shylock loved his ducats to distraction— ergo, he was a miser. "A diamond gone cost me two thousand ducats in Fraukfort! The curse never fell upon onr nation till now; I never felt it till now." Thus it appears that impersonators of f hylock have the choice of making liim either a miser or a fanatic, or a mixture of both. They may give prominence either to the private or to the public hatred. Geuerally they adopt the former course, and depict Shylock as a miserable, repulsive, revengeful scarecrow. Mr. Coppiu's former star—the Drury Lane tragedian—denied to him the commonest traits of civilization. About all we can remember of Mr. Anderson's Shylock is that lie bad the head of an aboriginal set upon the body of a Parisian rag- picker. If there is anything decidedly original in Mr. Montgomery's Shylock it is his make-up. Like all Mr. Mont gomery's characters, it was exquisitely dressed, with due regard both to the situation and to the historical associations. It was so far from being repulsn e that, but for its speech, it might have passed for patriarchal. The flowing grey beard, the velvet skull-cac, the well-fitting gaberdine and silk scarf bespoke a man of respectable rank and easy means. The expression of the face was not entirely sordid or vicious; nor did the tone of voice indicate only base passions. Shylock in his interviews with Antonio and the Christians generally was always frank. Even in lending the money with a view to Antonio's ruin he did not attempt to conceal his motive. He had shown the full depth of his hatred before his victim placed himself in his power. Then in demanding the fulfilment of his bond he was no hypocrite. He said he wanted his pound of flesh simply because it was his humour. The laws of Venice had given into his hand the life of a Chris tian dog. and he would show to the Christians the mercy which he and his had experienced from them. Air. Montgomery's impersonation left little I doubt on the minds of his audience that he : sympathized with the more liberal view of I Shyloek's motives. He laid emphasis on the passages which explained the reasons of his revenge. He urged the fulfilment of the bond with a dignity of manner inconsistent with any vulgar miserly passion. In the trial scene Shylock ap peared to be under the influence of an enthusiasm rather than of malice. He seemed to be conscious of no cruelty iu the transaction, and to think of nothing but the satisfaction he was about to obtain for past injuries. This absence of repulsiveness may in the opinion of some have weakened the dramatic force of the impersonation; but Mr. Montgomery is an artist who looks more to truth than to effect. As a poetic character, Shylock will be none the less in teresting for a slight addition to his moral reputa tion. He will do none the less credit to Shak speare's genius for being considered a fanatic rather than a monster whose passions had no higher object than himself. But whatever the idea which had to be inter preted, there cannot be two opinions about the interpretation. Though Mr. Montgomery had to contend against the effects of a severe cold, the success he achieved in every scene was unmis takable. The only defect in the part was that it did not bring him more frequently upon the stage, which, in his absence, was very indifferently oc cupied. The whole cast, with the exception of Portia and the two Gobbos, was better fitted for a Recitation Society than a stage. Mr. Montgomery s Lavater in Planche s drama of "Not a Bad Judge1' reEemb'ed in some points the John Mild way of "Still Waters Bun Deep." There was the same easy, unobtrusive insouciance: that quiet self-confidence so expressive of_ mental power. Lavater, the great physiognomist, has been invited to the mansion of a friend of his youth, the Count de Steinberg; but being doubtful of his way, he calls in at the house of one Tug, a Lieutenant of Militia, where he becomes apprized of the fact that'the town is all in a tumult through a double excitement. A child has been myste riously spirited away, and a Teward has been offered for the seizure of a noted brigand, whose proximity to the place is conjectured. Without any parley he quarters himself on the Lieutenant, patronises the Burgomaster, who, surcharged with dignity and importance, is strutcing about doing what he imagines to be necessary under the unusual cir cumstances, and petrifies the natives with astonish ment by the intimate knowledge he exhibits of their affairs. By-and-by the search for the missing child begins, and in the end a girl in peasant garb is brought before the Burgomaster, and admits an acquaintance with the cause of its mysterious departure. Struck by her aspect of innocence, Lavater espouses her cause, protests her guiltlessness, and having adroitly contrived to clear the apartment of ad but the prisoner and him-elf, sets her at liberty. When the officials return, boiling over with indignation at having been sent out on fools1 errands, he announces with delightful coolness that he has i ried the girl, and acquitted her. The exasperated Burgomaster at once orders Lavater to be conducted to the Bailhe, the Count de Steinberg, and on arrival there is thunderstruck bv discovering who it is that he has honoured with his military escort. At the same time, with a dogged pertinacity, he still entertains his suspi cions, and bides his time for proofs. Lavater's first surprise is the recognition of Louise, tbc Count's daughter, as the girl he had released not long before, and his next that she was to be wed to a man in whose lineaments he re id the evidences of a debased soul blackened by the foulest of crimes. It was not long before he erected the theory that this man, the Marquis de Treval, was none else than the proscribed brigan d ou whose head a price had been set. On the frail ground of impression he de nounced him as a villain and impostor; but the Marquis having possessed himself of some family secret connected with the Steinbergs, and having relation to the lost child and the incoffnito visit of Louise to the town, defied him; and Lavater had the mortification of having his gosd intentions thwarted. Kesolute to the end, lie interposes to prevent the signature of the marriage contract, and most opportunely, at the extreme momeut, a letter in the handwriting of the true Marquis— who had been murdered, and personated by the brigand (for 6uch he indeed was) — turned up. aud the latter declined to be put to the test of identity in the shape of a signature. The philosopher accordingly triumphed, and the daring villain was led off by the military escort. Mr. Montgomery's acting was even and natural throughout. His -representation partook of the very essence of reality. The tranquil ease of his manners when in the presence of the notary, the consciousness of an ability to read men's hearts in their taces, the inflexible fixity of reliance on that b.lief, in spite of appearances, were pourtrayed with passing skill. He li.nl the very air and aspect of the keen observer of every occurrence, however minute, the attentive student of human nature, the close and accurate estimater of motives and plans of actions. He was just such a one as Lavater might he taken to be, and it is impossible to award higher praise than this. Mr. Bogers's impersonation of the fussy pretentious Burgomaster Betman was admirably conceived and carried out to perfection. The character is one of the class, indeed, in which Mr. Bogers may pretty well defy competition, and till the last moment, when the effectual snub was given him by Lavater, he was the irrepressible Jack in office. Mr. Stanley's Tug, the Lieutenant, was well acted, and Miss St. Denis did the little she had to do in a pleasing manner. The closing sentence of Mr. Montgomery, "It will be admitted that in coming to Adelaide ( have not been such a bad judge," was responded to by enthusiastic applause from all parts of the house. The curtain was rvised, but nothing would pacify the audience until Mr. Mont gomery came before the curtain, when he spoke somewhat as follows:— I adies and Gentlemen—I am no speechmaker. I do not like coming to the front of the stage and making a speech. I do not believe in it. (Laughter.) But I have two things to say in the first place. I have re tson to make a speech, and reason to thank you for your kindness to me, so far. during my visit to Adelaide, and the courtesy that has been shown towards me by the public journalists. I am glad to find on coming here that there are gentle men and scholars on the Press, and it is a great pleasure to me to read the criticisms on my per formances every morning at breakfast. (Laughter and cheers.) I thank you agaiu for the reception you have given me. And now I come to the busi ness part. To-morrow night I am announced—I am announced for the last night positively—posi tively the last night. Now that's all humbug. (Laughter.) It is a delightful old managerial dodge to make people think it's the last night, and secure a good house in consequence; but it is not the last night. (Applause.) I am going to stay another week; and I hope so long as I stay to break down Mr. Ooppiu's opinion with regard to me. When I first came he detested me—(Laughter) would not believe in me a bit. He liked the old traditional school of playing. I did not. And now I see that every night he conies in, aud stands behind there, and can hardly tear himself away. (Laughter.) I cau see him locking at me now. (Laughter.) I hope next week to be thoroughly weil, aud that I may play to full houses. I thank you heartily for the way you have received me. (Applause.) Satubbay, July 11. Mb. Montgomeby's Richahd ITL Whilst the character of Hamlet may be played in a tall red cap and Ions fair hair instead of the traditional black, and whilst Shylock may even again be presented as a comic character—as he was at one time—let no rash innovator meddle with Richard IIL—the Richard of our boyhood's days—the Richard who exclaims, "Off with his head; so much for Buckingham!" and who fights at Bosworth Field with so much bravery that the gallery never forgives that smooth-tongued Rich mond for killing him. This is the Richard which Englishmen delight in. Until late years none of Shakspeare's plays was so frequently acted as Richard 111., and the greatest of actors—such as Gnrrick and Edmund Kean—have made it one of their finest characters. But in addition to the highly declamatory scenes— which lost none of their accustomed force in the hands of Mr. Montgomery—there are passages of unrivalled beauty, in which he had full oppor tunity for displaying the finer qualities of his acting. He was not merely the heroic Richard wild and furious as the most traditional playgoer could have wished—hut as the crafty and subtle statesman, and the eloquent but false lover, he was the Richard "which Shakspeare drew"—a character not often seen on the colonial stage. Iu proof of this there were many passages which might be quoted as evidence of Mr. Montgomery's skill in bringing out the finer lines of the tyrant's many- sided character. The devilish humour which underlies his hypocrisy and cunning, and which an ordinary actor makes nothing of, was brought out with remarkable strength. Then, the transition from rage to pretended sorrow, aud the outward assumption of love, tenderness, and religion, were excellent acting. What Buckingham said he him self could do (Roster proved himself a proficient in:— " Tut, I can counterfeit the deep tragedian; Speak and look back aud pry on every side. Tremble and start at wagging of a straw, Pretending deep suspicion. Ghastly looks Are at my service, like enforced smiles, And both are ready in their offices At any time to grace my stratagems." But at the same time Mr. Montgomery did full justice to that other side of Richard's character— his superstition. Pale, haggard, and conscience i stricken, he makes tbe audience almost pity the j ruthless and blood-stained Xing, as lie starts from his hideous dreams, and, for a; moment, prays for mercy, trembling like a child. From this representation people may be able to understand why Richard III, with all its in congruities, has been so great a favourite with English playgoers. But, in addition to the one great character which the play presents, it is also a magnificent spectacle when properly put upon the stage. On this point, however, nothing can be said in favour of the performance on Saturday night. The " two armies" had better have been h-ft entirely to the imagination, especially as the Battle of Bosworth is fought entirely with drums and trumpets, with the exception of the combat between Richard and Richmond. Of the minor characters, too, it cannot be said that they assisted at all in assisting the audience to a clear under standing of the play. Monday, July 13, ! Mb. Montgomery's Macbeth. The extra six nights which Mr. Coppin has graciously conceded to us promise to pay hiui better than any other six nights in the season. We hear that the box- office is besieged every morning, and that places are being engaged for days in advance. The house on Monday night did not exhibit the absorbing interest of some of its predecessors, but it gave no sign of diminished popularity. It indicated the public opinion of Macbeth" as much as of Mr. Montgomery; the lovers of intellectual acting who frequent the dress circle being greatly outnumbered by the admirers of the robustious. With the single exception of the boxes, which showed a good many empty seats, it was a thoroughly crowded house. In "Macbeth" Sir. Montgomery assumes what may be called his basso prof undo style. He starts with, a tawny complexion and a handsome suit of mail, which did credit to the Scotch armourers of the 12th century. A deep and sometimes sepul chral voice is made the distinctive peculiarityof an otherwise rather conventional character. The actor's greatest difficulty Beems to have been not to look like Macbeth, but to be unlike himself. He had to conceal under his tawny visage and his glittering mail a series of familiar figures with which his name has become inseparably asso ciated. To be blunt, Macbeth is the most mechanical rSle he has presented to us, and make the nearest approach to the traditional school which he holds in such well-founded aversion. Macbeth admits of very little development, and Mr. Montgomery gave it to the last hair-breadth all it was capable of receiving. He made the character as vigorous and picturesque as might he without running the risk of exaggeration. When Macbeth appeals in his first meeting with tbeWitclies, he has a frank open countenance, indicative of an easy conscience—a noble bearing, worthy of the greatest of Duncan's nobles and the bravest of his warriors. He was returning from the coast of Fife, where he had been to subdue an insurrection of the Thane of Cawdor, assisted by the King of Sweden. He had been— "The brave Macbeth (well he deserves that name) Disdaining fortune, with his brandished steel, Which smoked with bloody execution." He was hastening back to receive from his King' and royal kinsman the reward of his valour—the kingly praise which told him— "That swiftest wing of recompense is slow To overtake thee." Such was Macbeth when he and Banquo encoun tered the three Witches on the heath. This man, who by his courage and loyally had "bought golden opinions of all lorts of people"—who had no ambition, but was honest and honourable— who had nothing on bis conscience, but was open to the light of day, was to be made the ground work of a transformation into the most reckless, treacherous, cowardly of murderers. As in many other of the Sbaksperi in tragedies a spiritual revolution is derived from an external account. The Witehes hail Macbeth Thane of Cawdor and "King that shall be hereafter." The envoys of Duncan immediately afterwards meet with the salutation Thane of Cawdor, and one of the pro phesies is realized. The supernatural revelation and its partial fulfilment cast a dark shadow on the mind of Macbeth. Before he quits the beath tbe Witches' poison has begun to operate within him. He had allowed himself to think, if bat for a moment, of the possibility of "Yielding to that suggestion. Whose horrid image doth unfix my hair, And make my seated heart knock at my ribs, Against the use of nature." Mr. Montgomery, in delivering thia soliloquy, whieli is the turning-point of the drama, skilfully foreshadowed the impending change. A shadow fell across the previously cheerful countenance. In the first interview with Lady Macbeth at Glanis Gastle the shadow is seen deepening. Macbeth now is gloomy, suspicious, hesitating. As his wife had described him, "He would not play false, and yet would wrongjy win." Her fell ! influence is enlisted wholly on the side of the evil spirit within him. She had filled herself with ditest cruelty from the crown to the"toe, and the wife of his bosom became the demon that impelled him into crime. The soliloquies which precede the murder show him shrinking on the very brink of the precipice. He trembled before the vaulting ambition which was likely to o'erleap itself. He cowered before the "poisoned chalice" whish he was holding to his lins, and but for his irresistible remorseless accomplice he would have fled from the temptation which his fevered imagination bad set in his path. This terror reappears in various forms and aspects, until it reaches a climax in the dagger scene, where the intending murderer suc ceeds at last in screwing his courage up to the sticking point. Mr. Montgomery was most like himself in these terrible soliloquies. His countenance expressed all the agony, the self loathing, and the horror of a man whose fate was hurrying him on to everlasting infamy. His features shrunk together, his eyeballs dilated and contracted as his horrible imaginings passed before them; his limbs were palsied by the mental agitation which raged within him. The declamation was singularly powerful and effective without trenching too closely on rant. For merely physical acting it was excellent, and nothing more was required in such a situation—one, by the way, more fitted to the ancient Greek drama th -11 to the Shaksperian. Macbeth, in his unnatural combination of strength and weak ness, is simply a monster. His wife is an unsexed fiend, who well deserved the doom she invoked upon herself—to be "palled in the dimmest smoke of hell." They and the Witches, with their caldron and their hemlock-root, belong rather to the melodrama than to the tragedy of the seventeenth century. It is impossible to modernize them in the same sense as Hamlet can be modernized. Their interest always remains mere historical than histrionic, more spectacular than really dramatic. < >f the cast the less said, and the sooner it is said, the better. Lady Macbeth seemed to depre cate criticism by turning out in the drucget cos tume of a charity school girl. Her elocution was to match—very sing-song and methodical. Macduff rendered himself conspicuous by the broadest blue bonnet, the longest sword, and the loudest bellowing ever seen on any modern stage. Mal colm missed an opportunity of distinguishing himself by not having learned his part. The mechanical arrangement.?, on which so much depended in a play like Macbeth, fully sustained the reputation of the management for carelessness, clumsiness, and bad taste. A Punch and Judy showman would have taken more trouble in pro ducing the supernatural effects. The music was respectably rendered, especially the Witches' Chorus at the end of the second act, which was led by Mr. Stanley in a domino and old maid's wig. ! Tuesday, July 14. j Mr. Montgomery's Claude Melnotte. 1 The apex of histrionic success is Claude Melnotte and Mr. Montgomery has passed brilliantly through the last trying ordeal. He had a magnificent audience on Tuesday night, before whom he again asserted his supremacy in melodrama. Already it is being remarket by old playgoers that they do not remember ever before seeing such a succession i of bumper houses. I Mr. Montgomery has thus taken a very great j responsibility upon himself, such as no previous i star has had an opportunity of doing. Nightly he ! raises public expectation, and has to be judged by i a higher standard. Every new character draws out j a fresh muster of new faces: and if the season I were to be much prolonged, he might gradually ! make the round of the whole adult population, i He might get the juveniles too if he wanted them, I but it seems he does not. and with good reason. 1 One little screamer in the gallery spoiled his Como ! scenes last niglit, and we trust that as a public i benefit the old and wholesome rule will be revived ; —" Babies in arms not admitted." Some otlier : improvements m the general discipline of the gods j might be effected. As a rule they have been | worse behaved than usual during this engagement, I when quite another result might have been anti I cipated. There is one thing on which Mr. Montgomery can always calculate with certainty—a favourable first impression. All his characters may he treated on the principle of love at first sight. They are got up with such accuracy and taste that they in stantaneously realize the ideal in one's mind. He creates a strong prejudice in his favour to start with, which, were there any necessity for it, would tide him over many subsequent drawbacks. But invariably the impression warms Tather than cools, and he must bea very exceptional critic whom it d-ses not ultimately warm into enthusiasm. What struck every one at first glance in Claude Melnotte was his admirable correspondence to the poet's de scription of him—liis character as well as his cir cumstances. Coming from the shooting-ground, j he had, of course, a semi-military costume. In the : blue trousers, short coat, and red scarf he pre I seated a compromise between the peasant he really was and the gentleman he longed to become. On J thinking of his romantic story, as it had been told j by t' e landlord of the Bed Lion, one could see the proof of it in his graceful hearing, so inconsistent with his surroundings. The thought of his aspiring love was immediately suggested by the enthusiasm of his manner. A forecast i of his military , career, and a svmptom of the ! revolutionary spirit of the time, both appeared in j his occasional outbursts of ambition. It required I a Frenchman, a revolution, a romantic passion, i and a skilful poet to make a Claude Melnotte. He touches the boundary of probability no less than of propriety. A grain more of sentiment, or another strain of the imagination, and there might he a descent from the sublime to the ridiculous. Mr. Montgomery manifested a true perception of the delicacy of his task. He was evidently conscious of the danger of exaggeration, and preferred risking a too near approach to the other extreme. Consequently he did not play with so much abandon as Mr. ADderson, b^t he gained greatly upon him in expression and refine ment. The simplicity of his style and the natuial ease of his movements effectually concealed all art. He divested everything he said and did of a dra matic air, and inspired the audience with the idea that he actually and sincerely felt all he professed to do. As Claude Melnotte the peasant, Mr. Montgomery may have been excelled in me chanical details, but no Claude Melnotte could manifest a more genuine spirit, or realize a con ception with greater truthfulness. In vindication of his self-restraint it mav be observed that Claude was not only an ambitious, but an intelligent youth: not a mere stargnzsr, hut a troubadour; not a sentimentalist, but the subject of an all- con suming passion. Claude Melnotte, alias the Prince of Como, lias generally been set before us as a dashing adven turer bent on carrying out his assumed character with credit, no matter what the consequences may be. Mr. Montgomery's Prince of Como never so much as seems anxious to cut a dash. He simply plays the fine gentleman as he would do were he one in reality. He is at times even grave, as if ashamed of the wit he is bandying under false colours, and of the fictitious splendour with which i he had effected his conquest of Pauline. This Prince does not, as many of his former repre sentatives have done, elaborate the decep- j tion he is practising. He makes no more of it than is absolutely uecessaiy, and docs not allow himself to appear to enjoy it like his fellow-conspirators in the background. Mr. Montgomery, in a word, sacrifices piquancy and brilliance to scrupulous regard for what is natural and proper. The description of the palace by Lake Como was the only passage in this act where he gave the rein to his fancy. It was singularly melodious and touching, but the juvenile accom paniment from the gods ruined its effect. In the third transformation—(llaude Melnotte himself again—the artist is in his true element. The avowal of his treachery, the vindication of hiB motives, and the renunciation of his illegally acquired rights are all made with the dignified earnestness of a man who is resolved on rendering a bitter atonement. With the dumb farewell which he takes of his deceived bride the interest of Claude Melnotte ceases. At the denouement he re-enters only as a lay figure to complete a family group. It will be seen that Mr. Montgomery's Claude is essentially different both in tone and style from what we have been accustomed to. Ordinary observers may consider it less striking, but the artist has bad to choose between doing justice to the poet and dazzling a superficial public. Poetically Mr. Montgomery is right, and the more his audiences can appreciate his interpretation the more creditable will it be to their taste. The Pauline of Mrs. Holloway combined great willing ness of the spirit with a good many weaknesses of the flesh. It was. on the whole, considerably better than could have been expected under the circumstances. The text, the action, and every thing that could be learned at a day's notice she had carefully got up. What was impossible and incongruous in the character she had to leave to fate, and may it all rest there. We .might, on the whole, have had a less successful Pauline. The M. Beauseant of Mr. Lawrence, the M. Glavis of Mr. Greviile, and the Colonei Dumas of Mr. Sogers were all most ra'fefactorily performed. For an afterpiece "The Capital Match" was repeated. Thursday, July 16. Mb. Montgomery's Othello. On Thursday night Mr. Montgomery completed his series of great Sbaksperian characters with Othello. There was an excellent house, though not so overcrowded as on some previous occasions. But all parts of it were well filled by an attentive and very appreciative audience. Othello is not one of the impersonations which best draw out Mr. Montgomery's peculiar talent. It is hardly susceptible of the great elaboration in which he excsls, while it requires, in -the general opinion, a good deal of the impetuosity which he avowedly eschews. His acting did not, in its individual parts, fall short of the high standard he has taught us to apply to him, but its general effect was less striking. Othello is so inextricably associated with a cer tain popular ideal that any departure from it, even in the direction of improvement, is very difficult to judge orr its merits. There is not, as in the case of Hamlet, a possibility of realizing quite a new conception. There is not even much room for variaJion of style. Compared with the best class of Shaksnerian creations, the Moor is narrow and superficial. He is a crater of passion from which the lava a1 ways pours out in one direction. He is a comet Sashing about in a very small circle. He is a man of one idea, or at most two—love and war. Tiie public, and espe cially thcgocEsi will insist on his-being a tall fellow with plentv of lamp-black on his face and a diamond glitter in his eyes. They will have his speeches delivered in tornadoes, as if the words had run away with him. They expect his gestures to be those of a regular fire eater—electric, terrific, and incomprehensible. Mr. Montgomery had none of these qualities. His physique was considerably below the Ander sonian level—a loss to begin with. His Moorish blood did not boil demonstratively and with sputtering, but with a very intense'constrained heat. He would not allow his passion to run away with him, but he endeavoured to force as much as possible of expression into it. Where mere noise or stamping is sometimes made the safety-valve of excitement, he worked it eff gradually by an infinite diversity of action. With less effort and less ambition to specialize the character, he might have hit more successfully the taste of his audience. An explosion might have electrified them when a complicated play of passion strained their attention in following it. But what the latter sacrificed in immediate effect they may more than regain in the permanence of the general impres sion. Mr. Montgomery's was an Othello which may fasten itself on the mind better than if it had appealed more to the eye. The choice passages began with the 6peech before the Venetian Senate—"Most potent, grave, and reverend signiors"—which was delivered with great natural dignity. It pourtrayed at a glance the noble side of Othello's character. All through the second act was plain sailing, and so onward to the interview with lago in the third— " When I love thee not. chaos is come again." And while he spoke the spirit of chaos stood beside him. ready to begin liis foul mission. In this interview, Mr. Montgomery had hjs best opportunity of elaboration, and he used it well. The utter contempt and incredulity with which he first treated Iago's insinuations soon passed into grim suspicion—suspicion into tormenting doubt— and the doubt left him wildly oscillating between the two extremes of repudiation and conviction. One moment he was assured of the worst, and his own jealousy loudly proclaimed what lago dared only to hint at. '1 lie next Ire wculd cast it all from him, like a loathsome, inconceivable thought. The action and reaction were exceedingly vivid, and their rapid transition expressed the im petuosity of the Moor better than any incoherent utterance or frantic gesticulation. The working of " thejireen-eyed monster** would have been visible within him had 110 words been used at all. The pantomime itself would have told a tale of'tragic commotion. The smothering scene and its strcidal sequel are not subjects for verv impressive illustration. In kilhng business the best actor has not very much advantage over the worst. He can only do it more gracefully, and so render it less repulsive. Mr. Montgomery cot through this ordeal creditably; and as usual when the curtain fell he had to reappear in acknowledgment of the warm cheei ing which burst forth from all parts of the house. Friday, Jolt 17. Mr. Montgomery's Benefit. The Montgomery mania has had a dose which ought to satisfy it, though we suspect it won't. Five .Shakspenan characters, with Louis "XT to boot, and all within little more than three honrs, should be work enough for any actor and enter tainment enough for any audience. As might have been predicted, without much risk of pro phetic reputation, there was a splendid house on Friday night. Mr. Montgomery had done so much for his patrons ou other grand nights that he seemed to have left no room for improve ment. In his desperation he hit on the ex pedient of combining quantity with qualify, and hence the unique programme he offered yesterday. It drew as i coul i not have faiied to do. and again the br l!iant spectacle of overflowing boxes, crowded stall, and dose packed pit presented itself. To exercise such au attraction eleven times in succession has not been granted to any previous star. The Montgomery gallery opened with anew cha racter—Romeo in the balcony scene. The amorous Montague, pouring out his Jcve like a nightingale in the ears of Juliet, was delightfully rendered. Romeo is the ideal lover of an a-e when romance was reality. He could f<»rget friends, country, everything in looking on Juliet's face. With the simplicity of a iroubadour, and the passion of au Italian nature, he can excla'm— "Oh tint I -were a glove upon that hand That I might touch that cheek." The glowing frenzy of love has never been so depicted as in that balcony scene. Lover's imagina tion never was more inspired than Romeo's. He idealizes and glorifies his idol in language which excels the most transcendental thoughts of other men. The poet has realized in him what common lovers but dimly strive after in fancy. When was ever such chaste, yet passionate imagery poured ! out of Cupid's alembic as this?— " The brightness of her cheek would shame those stars As daylight with a lamp; her eye in heaven Would through the airy region stream so bright, That birds would sing and think it were not night." Or how could a strong irresistible devotion be more simply yet graphically expressed than in 'lie quieting of Juliet's apprehension for his safety "Alack, their lies more peril in thine eye Than twenty of their swords. Look thou but sweet. And 1 am proof against their enmity." The ecstacy with which the interview began on both sides is in beautiful contrast to the sweet calm of Romeo's farewell— " Sleep dwell upon thine eyes, peace in thy breast. Would I were sleep and peace so sweet to rest." This exquisite scene would have made Romeo and Juliet worth giving, notwithstanding the tameness of the rest of the play. Along with the one jewel we would have had to take heaps of rubbish; but the pleasure of the one would have counterbalanced the infliction of the other. By culling out the balcony scene Mr. Montgomery presented the jewel without the rubbish, and it is among the highest treats for which we are indebted to him. The most casual study of Romeo betrays infinite scope for acting of the most spiritual kind. Othello was an animal, and Macbeth a machine, compared with Romeo or Hamlet. A black hurri- cane of passion with a "green- eyed monster" enthroned in the midst of it—such was the Moor. A suit of armour with a bloody dagger ; marshalling it onward, and a woman breath- ing murder into it from behind—such was the Thane of Cawdor. Not very congenial characters either of them for an actor of Mr. 1 Montgomery's school. But in Romeo he had every requisite, both of elocution and of acting. He could personify to the life the devouring ardour of the Veronese youth. He could give thrilling effect to every word of pathos and passion. He could mark every variation in the versatile, irre- strainable nature of the Montague. This success ought the more to be particularized as it is one which may admit of repetition during Mr. Mont gomery's recitals. The whole scene may i e given at a reading: in fact part of it formed one of Aliss Aitken's gems. After Romeo came Louis XL, its antipodes in every respect. This impersonation challenges comparison with Charles Kean's greatest. It deserves reproduction, if only on account of those who missed its first performance. Then 1 came the ever-welcome Hamlet with his lesson to the Players, and some of his choicest declamation ; in the second act. The fourth character was another novelty—Hotspur. Its only fault was : brevity—its representation being confined to tlie ' reading of the letter and the fluent adieu to Kate before starting for the fatal field of Shrewsbury. It sufficed, however, to illustrate Mr. Montgomery's ; conception of Hotspur, which was s xh that plea- ; sure might be safely anticipated from its develop ment. Imagine Benedick in the camp considera- j bly less civilized than he is, but with more muscle; j not so sharp in his wit, but a thousand times ' more determined on his pin pose; equally ! contemptuous of woman, hut extending bis con- j tempt to mankind in general; not-quite so gay nor yet without a grim humour in him—and " s Hotspur. The prevailing expression in the first passage was impetuosity, tinged with a cynical scorn of all dangers or impediments. In the second—that with Kate—it was rough jorial affec tion, which always seemed to say to the loved object, "Keep your distance, and do not interfere with affairs which do not belong to you." Benedick brought Mr. Montgomery a step nearer to comedy. The selection made included the finest passages in the garden scene, especially the two soliloquies of Benedick—first as the railer at matrimony, and tben as the unfortunate who, when he vowed he would die a bachelor, did not think he would live to get married. This very purest of comedy was admirably rendered, and its effect on the audience was displayed in the closest attention. The curtain had not long descended on the pleasant Benedick when it rose again on Kichard ID. The series of impersonations appro Sriately concluded with a dramatic death at the ands of Richmond. But how was the famous dying speech omitted? Having disappeared as Richard, Mr. Montgomery had very soon to return in his own proper character. Having picked np a handful of bouquets from the multitude which fell at his feet, and listened for a few seconds to the deafening applaHse of the house, he made the following short speech in reply— " Ladies and Gentlemen—Beneath this unpleasant exterior there is a person about 41 years of age with a bald head—a very plain ordinary-looking person indeed. That person is Walter Mont gomery, and that man is excessively obliged to you for the kindness of your reception. He could not say more if he stayed here for six hours. That is a brief, but very sincere speech, and it enhances all I can say. I thank you most cordially." (Applause.) The standard farce, "Sarah's Young Man," closed the performance. Saturday, July 18. Mr. Montgomery's Sir Giles Overreach. The benefit tendered to Mr. Coppin by Mr. Montgomery on Saturday night proved a sub stantial compliment. The attendance was not so large as it has been on same other occasions, but for the last evening in a fortnight's season m Adelaide it was excellent. It indicated plainly that the good reputation which Mr. Montgomery brought with him has been confirmed by the people here, and that the popularity which he has acquired by reason of his superior acting, quite independent of the fame that preceded him. is genuine and abiding. The success which has attended him during his entire stay helps to remove from the people of Adelaide the stigma of being unable to recognise dramatic talent and give it a fitting acknowledgment. The round of characters in which Mr. Mont gomery has appeared ha3 afforded ample proof of his versatility. Whether representing the princely Hamlet, devoted to the filial duty of avenging the murder of his royal father; the tyrannical .Louis XL, victim of passion, suspicion, and remorse; the courtly Benedick, wit, humorist, and railer against the fair sex, until brought within the toils of the whimsical Beatrice; the usurious Shylock, distrusted between greed of gain and hatred, personal and national, against the Christians; the gentlemanly John Maldmay, ""still strong man," who is a1 ile to subdue his real nature and act the part of the quiet henpecked husband until all his schemes are ripe for fulfilment; the craft intriguing Gloucester, whose persuasive eloquence and polished manners are only equalled by his un scrupulous ambition and merciless cruelty; the love-sick Komeo, daring all in his frantic attach ment to the lovely Capulet; the courageous, open hearted Moor, whose confiding nature is so terribly changed through the poison subtly administered by the malicious Iago; in all he has displayed an intelligent acquaintance with the part he has undertaken to play, and extraordinary skill not only in presenting it but in paying close attention to the minuSiae requisite to produce a perfect deli neation. Sir Giles Overreach, in the play of "A New Way to Pay Old Debts," is one of those unenviable characters that are rarely met with in real life. He is a pitiless oM curmudgeon who has deslared war against all the better feelings of humanity. He can beggar a nephew without compunction, malig nantly pursue him in his destitution with the hope that he will mercifully turn mad or hang himself; he can tyrannically trespass upon a neighbour's land in order to drive him to law and wear him out with legal charges. He has but one tender point: he is ambitious, and he uses his daughter as a peg on which to hang his ambition. There has ever been hostility between him and the nobly born, and therefore he will have none to wait upon her save those who have been used to high estate, and who in their poverty are ready to serve her for their food and clothing. His every desire is swallowed up in the hope to see her wed a lord. When asked if he is not moved by the curses and imprecations of whole families made wretched by him, he can reply, " Yes, as rocks are when foaming billows split themselves against their flinty ribs ^ or as the moon is moved when wolves with hunger pincb'd howl at her bright ness. Nay, when my ears are pierced with widows' cries, and undone orphans wash with tears ray threshold, I only think what 'tis to have my daughter right honourable: and 'tis a powerful charm, makes me insensible of remorse or pity, or the least sting of conscience." To impersonate such a monster without resorting to exaggeration was no trifling task. But -the Sir Giles Overreach was a man and not a caricature. He could brow beat his menialattorney Marrall, and show him the loathsome side of his character; he could spurn liis ruined nephew from him as a leprosy—an in fectious plague;, he could counsel his daughter to degrade herself almost to the wanton's level to entrap my lord; yet could lie also play the hypocrite and simulate a polish of manner to in gratiate himself with tnose he sought to circum vent. Hypocrisy was not a leading trait in his character, but the occasional resort to it enhanced the difficulty of representing him. There was but one conception possible, so that the powers of the actor were engaged in exhibiting to view a man without a single redeeming feature, if brute courage be exeepted. As represented by Mr. Montgomery, the words of Portia well applied to him: "Heaven made liim, and therefore let him pass for a man." It was in the last act that his real disposition is developed. Inflated with the belief that the long-coveted gratification of being able to call h's daughter "right honourable" is now his, inthefullinsolenceof triumph his brute nature is disclosed while in the presence of Lady Allwortli and his nephew, who | has by this time earned a title to his bounty by j getting into favour with a lady whose possessions he may hope through him to secure. There j is plenty of scope for dramatic power in the final I i scenes, and Mr. Montgomery proved himself fully j equal to the occasion. The discovery that the ■ deed upon which he based his claim to his nephew i Wellborn's estate misted only in his imagina i tion, served to check the full flow of | his elated spirits—to make him turn and : next to foam at the mouth with rage; but it is i not until he finds his ambitious prospects dashed ; to the ground by the appearance of his daughter as I wife of young Allworth, and not of the Lord \ Lovell, that the great difficulty of the part is i realized. The conflicting emotions which agitate j Sir Giles are overwhelming. Disappointment, ; grief, rage, hatred, and revenge, all struggle for the ■ mastery. His brain reels, he staggers, gasps for ; breath. Remorse seiz s on him. " Some undone j widow sits upon his arm, and takes away the use ; on't. New shapes appear like furies with steel whips to scourge his ulcerous soul." Madness inspires him with new vigour, and drawing his sword he rushes upon those collected around him, only to be overpowered and carried off. Mr. Rogers put a rather broad construction upon the gastronomic propensities of Mr. Justice ■ Greedy—a creature of Sir Giles Overreach. There was an utter absence of magisterial dignity in his demeanour, and although the representation, like Mr. Grevilie's Marrall, was a comical one, there was an evident straining of the author's meaning in the directiou of the ludicrous. Mr. Lawrence failed to convey in his dress or healing the idea of a young aristocrat out at elbows. His style, too, was wanting in the gaiety—the bantering humour which distinguished Wellborn, who had preserved his good nature in spite of the treatment he had met with at the hands of Dame Fortune. As to the rest of the characters it is not needful to say anything. The afterpiece was the farce of "Sarah's Young Man," in which Mr. Greviile was as irresistibly amusing as usual. Monday, Ji lt 20. Mr. Montgomery has very successfully intro duced what he calls " the other phase of his pro fession." He had a good house at White's i.'ooms on Monday night, and presented to it an enteitain metit in every way worthy of himself. The plat form was artistically arranged. The reserve divi sion was carpeted throughout, adding much to personal comfort, while it dimini-hcd the jarring effect of noise. The acoustic properties of the room were supplemented by various arrangements for concentrating the sound. Neither speaker nor hearer could have desired more favourable condi tions forsuch a purpose. The doors were scrupulously kept closed during each reading, and not the slightest inteiruption was experienced from the beginning to the end. The increased effect thereby given to Mr. Montgomery's elocution almost com pensated for the want of stage accessories. There being no interval the spell is unbroken throughout, and the readings afforded not only an intense but a continuous enjoyment. No entertainment of the kind could have been belter arranged, and those who study the fuil amount of pleasure out of such things may rely on obtaining it here. Precisely at his advertised time, half-past S, Mr. Montgomery began the Shaksperian part of liis programme, which comprised selections from four distinct plays—a tragedy, a comedy, and two his torical plays. It may be a question whether most audiences would prefer to have the Shaksperian separated from the miscellaneous, as Mr. Mont gomery does, or mixed, as Miss Aitken used to give them. Such things can only be learned from experience. Mr. Montgomery seems to have hitherto acted on the principle that there _ is variety enough in Shakspeare without any foreign infusion, while the latter might often be incon gruous. His introductory remarks are of great assistance to the ordinary hearer, while to the more intelligent they exhibit his wonderful familiarity with Shakepeaie, not only as a dramatist, but as a poet. In striking, as he must needs do, into the heart of a very complicated and subtle course of action, it is a great advantage that, he can in a few words unravel everything and give a clue to the passage he intends to read. Very rarely these short prefaces do not contain some interesting in cident or observation out of the beaten track of criticism. They are always apropos and grace fully delivered, without any ostentation or pom posity. In that most succinct a'M comprehensive comedy ever written—"The Seven Ages of Man'" —Mr. Montgomery was able at once to gain perfect control over his audience by the boundless display of versatility it allowed him. In the transitions from babyhood to boyhood, from pina fores to spooneyism, from gushing youth to bumptious middle age, aud so onward to dotage, he showed himself the possessor of many charmed voices, the controller of a countenance as plastic under his will as cla v in the hands of a potter. In the second piece, "The Dream of Clarence." inten* aity had to he substituted for versatility, and the graphic for the plastic. The description of drowning almost reached Mr. Montgomery's own ambitious ideal of success—making 'people believe they actually saw it. The dialogue between Hubert and Arthur from " Bang John" illustrated another dramatic principle — the power of contrast. The gruff semi-brutal tone with which Hubert opens his diabolic mission seems like a black cloud hanging over the poor boy Prince, while his tender winning accents sound through it with irresistible sweetness; The pleading which melted the savage heart of Hubert deeply touched Mr. Montgomery's audience. Its very simplicity and childishness declared it to be the perfection _ of art. While every grace and motion of a finished elocutionist were being used in the embodiment^ nothing appeared bnt the true natural pathos of the situation. It may be that the novelty of this style impressed us: but on reviewing the programme we would select this as our favourite in preference even to the celebrated ««Bells." In the churchyard scene from "Hamlet," Mr. Montgomery combined the broadest comedy with the highest tragedy on the stage. Imagine Hamlet and the two gravediggers speaking out of one mouth, and their three faces all compressed _ into one. The Prince, of course, was an old friend, but his new associates made him still more re markable than on the stage. The latter are not mere masques; they are well-defined mental cha racters. and their distinctions are maintained most faultlessly throughour. The first gravedigger is represented as a pragmatical conceited humorist; the second as a stupid fellow, with a stray gleam of humour flashing through his dulness. The pantomimic action in them is so complex and minute that they might be repeated a dozen times without the full depth of their meaning being fathomed. We have left ourselves very little room to describe the miscellaneous performance in detail, but the pieces themselves are so well known that it can be easly imagined what effect they would produce under the treatment of sucb an elocu tionist. The "Bells" is said to be Mr. Montgomery's chef it As a reading it beggars description; it must be heard. It is _ not merely, rhetorical and dramatic; it is organophonic, ventriloquial, or whatever else you may call it. The sleigh bells, marriage bells, alarm bells, and funeral bells are successively imitated, and so marvellously that the reverberation sounds dis tinctly through the room. Mr. Montgomery cha racterized it as the best medium of elocutionary expression is his whole repertoire, and it is evident that he has to* throw into it the whole force of his mind as well as of his lungs. "The Bridge of Sighs" and the "Charge of the Light Brigade" were among the better known pieces which he undertook. The one purely humorous passage was " Barbara's Vulgar Boy," which excited great laughter. Tuesday, July 21. On Tuesday night Mr. Montgomery had another good bouse, to which he submitted an almost entirely new programme. It began as on Monday with four Shaksperian selections, of which three were didactic—rather too large a proportion of solids for such an- occasion. But the inimitable and ever fresh humour of Benedick was a first-rate autidyspeptic. The first extract from " Hamlet,'1' "Polonius's advice to his Son," had an ex trinsic interest, in- so far as it revealed Mr. Montgomery's idea of what the stage Polonius ought to be. Our stock actors have got into an almost incorrigible habit of making him a buffoon. The pedantie wisdom of the o;d states man they interpret as the prating of a greybeard. To bis very shrewdness they give a comic turn, and his maxims they deliver as if intended for jokes. The Polonius of Mr: Montgomery, judging from the few external symbols possible under the cir cumstances— physiognomy and tone—is a man of dignified bearing aud< decided character. His advice to Laertes was delivered in a thoroughly intelligent style, and with every accompaniment that miuht tend to heighten its effect. Of course the elocutionary rendering was admirable^ but in such a piece the general conception overshadows all the details. An amateur might recite the speech of Polonius; but to make Polonius himself visible through the speech was the evident aim of Mr. Montgomery—and he succeeded in it. The second reading also brought out a new con ception-that of Cardinal Wolsey. It was the hack neyed theme of "a long farewell to all my great ness," but not done in the hackneyed style. The Cardinal had an impressive martyr aspect given him. the result of historical whitewashing in recent years. Dignity and unexpected calmness of delivery were the most marked features cf this reading. Delicacy rather than intensity had to be employed in the best shades of expression, consequently there was not that irresistible grasp on the hearer's attention which more dramatic passages always secure. " Hamlet's Soliloquy on Death" closed the didactic series. Placed Beside the graveyard scene on Monday night it illustrated the advantages and disadvantages of the platform as compared with the stage. Even a playgoer would prefer Mr. Montgomery's treble impersona tion of Hamlet and the gravediggers to three separate impersonations, as in the play. In the latter case you have one good actor hampered by two indifferent ones; in the other you have three good actors combined in the same person. The illusion is much more difficult to sustain on the platform, but against that may be set the pleasure of witnessing additional difficulties over come. The three persons in the dialogue are rendered as visibly and palpably distinct as if each had a separate impersonator. Seeing the one merge into the other is no diminution of interest, hut the contrary. Hence our inference—para doxical in appearance it may be—that dialogues can be made even more enjoyable off the stage than on it. The graveyard scene made, in Mr. Montgomery's hands, a better reading than if it had been a play in the Theatre. But the opposite seems to be true of soliloquies and declamation generally. " To be or not to be" sounded much, more solemn in the velvet doublet than in the dress coat. In order to prove our theory it was hardly necessary to revert to Monday night. The very next reading after the "Soliloquy on Death" ex hibited the contrast we have alluded to. It was Benedick's conversion, from "Much Ado about Nothing'"—the most subtle and yet amusing situa tion in the whole range of comedy. Here Mr. Montgomery had to assume five parts and to carry on three of them simultaneously. It is the moat intricate and indefinable action he has yet at tempted to embody. Benedick's own share in it— the railing against marriage, and the abrupt dis covery that all the while he has been loving Beatrice—we have repeatedly commended else where. The admiration which that single per formance must excite is heightened in the present case by the accessories. These, without skilful taanagement, would have blurred the ceutre figure. As it was, they made it afi the more conspicuous. When Benedick retires into the arbour, and Don Claudio and Leonato talk of Beatrice, there are, in fact, five characters to sus tain simultaneously. Both the Don and Leonato talk double—with one voice for Benedick'6 ear and with another for themselves. This exceedingly difficult distinction was vety clearly drawn. Alto gether, what Mr. Montgomery calls Benedick's conversion is a treat to he ranked along with the graveyard scene from "Hamlet." They both are wonderfully well adapted to rouse the interest of the audience, aiid to display the power of the artist. The miscellaneous part of the programme included a repetition of "The Bells. Mr. Montgomery's voice had gained strength since .Monday night, and its imitation of the tintinnabu lating echoes was still more surprising. The applause which followed this reading was enthu siastic and prolonged. The comic element in the programme was limited to an extract from " The Ingoldsby Legends"'—Lord Tom Noddy. It proved how close together the comic and pathetic may be brought without incongruity when they are artisti cally handled. The transition from the scaffold to Tom Noddy's discomfiture at having missed the hanging spectacle was instantaneous, yet the audience was carried from the one to the other without the slightest joining of senti ment. A repetition of the " Charge of the Light Brigade"' concluded a very instructive as well as interesting entertainment. "Wednesday, July 22. On Wednesday afternoon Mr. Montgomery gave his first day performance. Theattendance was not large; but Mr. Montgomery, after a graceful assu rance to those present that this fact would not in any way lessen his pleasure in delivering his recita tions, proceeded tohistask. Of the Shaksperianse lections the only new one was " Queen Mali" which was given admirably. The miscellaneous part of the programme included the favourite piece " The Bells," L. K. L.'s ".Ruined Cottaare," and two intensely amusing recitations of "The Village School" and "The New Tale of a Tub," intended for the particular edification of the juveuiles. of whom it could be wished there had been more present. It is needless to say that the whole of the recitals were listened to with rapt attention, aud were highly appreciated by all present. In the evening the elements were in their stormy mood—wind, rain, and darkness were commingled in the most unsocial way, and their effects were to be seen in the aspect of White's Rooms. But, although there was not a good house, Mr. Mont gomery went thri iUgh his assigned task in a manner which became his reputation. " Hamlet's Advice to the Pia.vers" was the first piece presented, and the reciter challenged criticism by alluding to it as the standard by which he was guided. As a rule, this is the very pons asinorum of elocutionists, and self-condemnation is very frequently the result of its delivery. The wholesome lessons conveyed by it are glaringly disregarded—its teachings are violated; hut in Mr. Montgomery their full value can be real- zed, because he practises them, and iu none of his recitals has this fact been more strikingly illustrated than in his rendering of the orations of Brutus and Marc Antony ou the common theme of Caesar's death. Brutus, calm, digni fied, unimpassioned, stood forth the very ideal of a high-ssuled Roman, uttering his weighty sen tences with stern logical precision. Antony succeeds him, bowed down with grief at the fate of his friend-grief which smothers indignation. It is . not difficult to imagine the scene. The excited and volatile mob, differing nothing from the mob of modern times, ready to espouse the cause of the man who had the most skill to guide them—now listening to the story of a broken yoke, of an abiding freedom, of a secured place in the commonwealth, and applauding the murderer of their idol—now working themselves up to the mutinous pitch under the influence of a new elooueuce, and clamouring for the blood of the man who just before they were prepared to carry in triumph to the capital, and invest with the imperial purple. It may be imagined that there is difficulty enough in one man's enacting the two leading characters, diverse as they are; but Mr. Montgomery not only did this with consummate skill, hut by taking notice of the comments of bystanders brought the scene vividly before the minds of his " The Disgrace of Cassio" was given with equal ability. The ficndlike humour of Iago was ex pressed in tone and gesture so successfully that one could almost have wished to see Mr. Holloway ai Othello, in order that Mr. Montgomery migh have taken the part of the Moor's malignant •councillor. And then the drunken drivellinga of the unlucky Casslo, followed by the remorse and mental anguish arising from the consciousness of lost reputation, were so.natnral, and so unlike the impersonation of the calculating venomous Sago, that one could scarcely realize the fact of so in congruous a combination in one performer. The charming scene between Orlando and Melancholy Jaques, and afterwards between Orlando and Boialind incognita, from "As You Like it,'was admirably rendered. Then came "The Bells, which is very properly put down as a standing dish an the intellectual least nightly provided at white s Booms. Tennyson's "Northern Farmer, although "the greater part of the words were undistinguish .able, was accompanied by such an eloquence of action, that the attention of the audience never flagged. The last piece was the,sensational poem "i£u-:ene Aram." 1'here was a terrible reality thrown into the revelations of the self-accusing murderer, and it was easy to see that those •who listened were about as much spellbound as the "wondering boy," and it would not have acquired an exaggerated fancy to have imagined •the presence of huge drops upon the brow. lne impression with which the. company dispersed was not a very delightful one, although it was most flattering to the dramatic talent of the reciter. Thtjhsdat. July 23. On Thursday night Mr. Montgomery's fourth appearance in White's Booms was made to a fair audience, though we have seen larger ones drawn out by a much inferior attraction. Beyond the limited number there was nothing to regret. The artist went through his programme with the utmost care and vivacity, and his hearers were prodigal of their applause. The Shaksperjan element was very large, comprising five distinct pieces—three of which were repetitions. Of toe two new ones, the first was a tragedy, and the other a comedy illus tration. "Othello's Address to the Senate" was delivered with a dignified energy, which showed the best side of the Moor's character. In the % Charge of the Watch," from "Much Ado About Nothing," Mr. Montgomery had an opportunity of adding two more to his gallery of Shaksperian •clowns. These were Dogberry and Verges. Dogberry had to be pourtrayed in his pompous humour before that unfortunate occasion occurred for his being written down an ass. There was a spice of modern Bumbledom thrown into the burgher of Messina. His tone was emphatic, and bis manner grotesquely authoritative. His mal apropisms were committed with the most natural gravity. The palsied action and cracked voice of poor old Verges were also wonderfully imitated. Before commencing "The Baven" Mr. Mont gomery alluded to the curious contretemps be: ween Dickens and its author as to its quality, Mr. Dickens having praised it as one of the most perfect poems he had ever seen, foe, in the eccentricity of his genius, wrote an essay to ex plain that it was a mere mechanical versification, and that: so far from it embodying a subtle artistic design, the verses had been jumbled together by accident. Mr. Montgomery is among those who see method in Foe's madness, not withstanding his own repudiation of it. He considers "The Baven" intended to re present a Nemesis, which pursued the poet through his wasted and unfortunate career. This conception gave the reauiog a much more weird and tragic character than it receives from ordinary reciters. Bight or wrong it must be an immense gain in elocutionary effect; for without some such conception the poem were only musical insignifi cance. Its delivery communicated every thrill of wonder and of terror from the reader to the audience. Did Mr. Montgomery's reputation as a tragedian not render it almost inconceivable, we should say that he is also a first-class comedian. We do not mean in high comedy only, for that the public already know from his Benedick and his John MiLdmay; but in downright broad comedy. To •express exactly the new talent he has revealed, he is an excellent reader of Dickens. Yesterday's programme closed with "The Bloomsbury Christening," from "Sketches by Boz."and we trust that many a future programme will have a similar conclusion. In a quotation from the Argus regarding Mr. Montgomery's precedents, it was mentioned that he had commenced his dramatic •career in connection with the famous amateur theatricals of the Punch staff. There and in other private theatricals be was associated with Mr. Dickens, whose friendship he continues to enjoy. This " Sketch from Boz" he once had the honour of reading in presence of "Boz" himself, who toid him tnat he made such horrible faces in it he •ought to have the copyright. Mr. Montgomery bas since been the recognised historian of "The Bloomsbury Christening," and it is liis only encroachment on the Dickensian domain. Mo desty as well as professional delicacy restrict him to this, for, as he truly says, it would be absurd presumption to imitate Dickens in embodying his own creations. And there is the less excuse for it now that the probability of the great novelist visiting Australia is no longer remote. Mr. Montgomery may be thankful for his one specimen of the Cockney classics. For a foil to a Shaksperian buskin he could have nothing better. Those who hear of the agreeable surprise be gave his audience with it yesterday will regret that he has not produced it sooner. That single reading of a quarter of an hour should fill White's Booms if our sense of humour has not departed from us. Mr. Montgomery can assume the genuine style of Dickens, allowing for difference of voice; ! but he does not ape the master. It is just near j enough to give those who have not heard Dickens I an idea of what his readings are—Mr. Montgomery j all the while preserving his own individuality. Me. Montgomery.—The accompanying extract from the Sydney Morning Herald of April 6 will he read with interest by Mr. Montgomery's ad mirers:—"Presentation to Mr. Walter Mont gomery.—An interesting scene took place on board the Galatea yesterday, previous to the arrival of His Excellency the Governor. His Royal Highness gave orders for every man to be mustered upon the upper deck, the officers and guests joining him upon and around the bridge. His Royal Highness then called Mr. Walter Montgomery forward, and informed him that it was with special pleasure that, as captain of the Galatea, he had complied -with the request of his petty officers and seamen of, the ship to present to him a slight token of their regard and esteem, a slight souvenir of their -visit to the colonies. His Royal Highness then read the following letter, and placed in Mr. Montgomery's hands a very beautiful ring:— * H.M.S. Galatea, Monday, April 6, 1868. To "Walter Montgomery, Esq. Dear Sir—We, the ; ship's company of the Galatea, most respectfully j desire your acceptance of the enclosed souvenir as a small token of our appreciation of your great •courtesy and kindness in favouring us with the j highly iqtei.ectual treats which your several j •dramatic and moBt interesting readings and I recitals have afforded us. We have the honour j Sir, to remain your obedient servants. Galatea's Ali..' This gracious act elicited the heartiest ] cheers from the sailors, the Duke himself leading : the applause. Mr. Walter Montgomery, who ap- | neared to be taken quite aback by the unexpected ! honour conferred upon him, nevertheless delivered j a manly and appropriate reply. He said, 'Your i Royal Highness. Commodore Campbell, officers of the Galatea, and men of the Galatea—The honour you have conferred upon me is so unexpected that I am at a loss to reply In appropriate terms, but I can sincerely say that the regard and esteem you entertain for me is more than recipro cated on my part. It has been a labour of love to j me. I assure you, to give these recitations to you, 1 and indeed I should be wanting in common grati- j tude did I not seek to make some return, however | slight, for the honour conferred upon me by your ! royal Captain, my most gracious and generous j patron. Now, I have one very earnest word or two ' to say to you; and I beg you, by all the love you j have for me, to lay it to heart. I am like your- j selves—a stranger and visitor here—but I know I that Her Majesty the Queen has no more faithful j and loyal subjects in her vast dominions; and I ! implore you not to let the execrable act of an j infamous scoundrel be for a moment connected j with the generous people of this beautiful land. Every man and boy on board the Galatea will be a ; hero and an oracle in England; and each will have \ his own circle of enouiring friends, anxious ■ to hear of this horrible outrage and its ; attendant circumstances.' At the conclu- ; sion of Mr. Montgomery's address the j cheering was renewed with greater enthusiasm ; than before, and climaxed when Mr. Montgomery presented the crew with Staunton's edition of ■ Sbakspeare. which was inscribed as follows:—* To , the petty officers and men of the gallant Galatea, this edition of Shakspeare is presented by their faithful friend, Walteb Montgomery. Sydney, | April 6,1868.—Read this when ! * The sails conceive And grow big-bellied with the wanton wind.' Midsummer Might's Dream. Or when * like a seignior or rich burgher of the flood Yon overpeer the petty traffickers That curtsy to you, do you reverence, As you fly by them with your woven wines.' Merchint of Venice. But not when you should ' Tend the master's whistle.' Tempest."' Theatre Royal.—'The season of the star com pany closed finally on Monday evening, when the greater part of its members united in giving a fare well benefit to Miss Forde, decidedly the most promising of all the lesser lights. There was a considerable number present. The performances of Mr. Greville in " O'Oallaghan on his last Legs," Messrs. Warde, Forde, and Lewis, and a juvenile foreigner in the Royal Japanese, and Mr. Rogers and M iss Forde in " The Loan of a Lover" provoked much merriment. The whole closed with a French pantomime ballet. Mr. Rogers, on behalf of Miss Forde. thanked those present for their patronage Vital Statistics —The number of births and deaths registered in the District of Adelaide during the weekended Saturday, July 18, were—Births— 31 males, 42 females. Deaths—12 males, 7 females. Total, 73 births, 19 deaths. Excess of births, BA. The Town Hall.—On Monday evening, July 20, an entertainment was given at the Town Hall by M. Vertelli and the Japanese Troupe. There was a large attendance, the performance being under the patr~nage of His Worship the Mayor and the Corporation. M. Vertelli performed several daring feats on a tightrope, and also on an aerial bar outside of the clock-tower. Various featB were also gone through on a horizontal bar by members of M. Vertelli's company. The Japanese portion of the entertainment consisted of jugglery, egg ard top spinning, and walking on the slack rope; this latter part, which was gone hropgh by Herkuneske, waB greatly admired by he audience, as were also the other portions of the htertainment. 