OUR.SYDtfET LETTER. ' Did you fuel thu earthquuko V promises to become almost as popular u cry as the quory ' Have you lean tho ghost )' was a couple of years ago. Whurerer they meet, out-of-doors or in-doora, men, women, and children aro compar ing notes as to the duTutonb sensations experi enced by thuiu throughout the duration of thu startling vibratory movement. For the time being we are all ' quakers.' Nervous old maiden ladies, whose solo companions for many , years have been comprised in a small ariary of parrots »ud a perfect menngerio of catiifm and 1U1LUU pUL3, IIUIJIU LJl. VlllIllllLllgO nibii (JIVWB effect, and predict that tho shock of Friday morning last will be followed by largo rninplei of a similar article, to tho utter annihilation of Sydney and the entire discomfiture of thu drapers, who have just laid in a heavy winter stock, a-nd will have to pay for tho samu whother it be devoted to its legitimate usu in thu adorn ment of out fair liators or meet with an abrupt summons to descend to Unit warm liiid-terrustrial region, whoso only possiblo inhabitants must bo highly-tempered and woll-suusnuud siilnmandors. Meanwhile tho wheel of life rolls round us it over did and oror will, till tho day comes, of which not all the Baxters or Oummingies in tho world tau fortol tho date. Mun clmffur and bargain, buy and soil, lio and cheat, prosper and yrow poor, and carry on thu numerous petty details that go to muke up the *um of human existence just tho lanio, Aud is it not a wise dispensation of Providance that they should do so / What ? soane of misury, of constant apprehension, of bitter to'ars, and horrid madrluuiug shriots this little globe of ours would be if our minds wcru not armed with a species of elastic buffers, re pelling tho too constant intrusion of hurror, and throwing off thu subjects which, to dwell upmi too long, would rondur each of us a hermit or a miiniac. Think over it, oh ! reader of tlia Chronicle, who may scan these lines, mid bless tho divino . bonu volonco that muda man more prono to unilo than frown, to laugh than waste liiafimnin llimlrl illtf '* toM's. idlo tftars.' Plllich will bo full of the earthquake this week. 1 suppose we shall have a parody upon tho Hendd't lirsfc report, wherein tho sensations of several worthy householders wore so naively rulated. It's a great pity Parliament is'nt sitting, for we «ould have a ' Parliamentary inquiry' into thi affair. I'm aure there Imvu been select commit tees sitting on far less important subjects fre quently. I can picture some of the ovidoncu that would be brought forward. Mrs. Saivery Sudds, of Charing Ooltuge, would probably tell the learned gentlemen how, 'ou the night bin kervostyun, 1 hand my hold ninn, we wos a sleep in* has peaceful has two mortial babes has over wos, wen we wos hawoko by a nois*, for hall tha, world jist likeaomoun a gattiugjntu tho kitchen windy. My hold man he savs to mo ' Sairoy, go and take a look round, there's ago»d woman,' to which 1 roplioa, ' go yourself, Sainivol, hand ?how yer a man,' at which remark ho fell a cus *in' and a swearin'. like a wild injun, hand w» a ?hivering with bright, when the bed goes hup in tho hair hat ono hend, and throw* holla both koui ou the * flure. 'My himprcsahun hat tho time wos us how it were a keryseen hoxplogion, for lori it did bump a body' so !' Mr. William Macready Kemblo Jones, first-class tragedian (in bis oiTii estimation — not tho public's) vtoiiIQ describe his'ai follows : — ' In the dead wa»t» and experience of middle of the night — th« witching hour, when churchyards yawn and hall itself breathes forth contuifion to tho world, an eartliquako camefv Diseased nature then did quick break forth,'. in strango eruptions, and Ilia toeing oarth wm with a kind of colic pinch'd and vexed. — Shahpeare. Ahern ! O. Old DryasdiwtSniellfungus, of Mildew House. Wool loomooloo, ' would recall his sensations in weighty lontimenti after this mannor : ' It was verging on tho approach of the seventeenth second, previous to the completion of tho third minute following after tho period when my ho rological instrument had told the hour of mid night, I being At tha moment referred to in a recumbent attitude, when I became conscious of an oscillating movement, parallel with the axil of my couch. J had been remarkably wakeful up to that moment, but the guble pulsatory agi tation superinduced slumber I was speedily wrapped in a profound somnolent trance, from which 1 vthi only awakened hj the combined efforts of my handmaiden, Jane Amelia, and a shoebrush, the former Bmitiug with the lattev upon tho portal of my ohainbor.' To be serious and to quit the subject, I may observo, finally, that this is by no moans the first shock of earth qpako felt in New South Wales. In 1788, 1804, 1806, and one or two later dates, such shock* have been distinctly felt. Mr. Martin having arrived at tho conclusion that tho ' Varrowville Stud Distribution' is con trary to law, intends to place his veto upon that gigantic lottery-scheme. I suppose you are awara of the name and position of the owner of the Varrowville stud. Does it not seem rather curious that a Judgo should be the one to con template an. infringement of the law. Surely the Attorney-General is mistaken in his reading of the Act ; and yet J havo been told by a couple of legal friends that lotteries of all kinds, for the sake of individual gain, aro specially provided against in pur colonial code. Have any of my Newcastle friends taken tickets for tho yarrow villo Stud Distribution, I wonder f Mentioning Mr. Martin's name, I am reminded that whilst I am penning this ho is at the T»m : porance Hall, whore, with the Mayor in tho chair, ' and a goodly assemblage of the populace 'in the body of tho building, he is .to present the sub scribed testimonial to the heroic couchmaker, Mr. Vial. I have been so disgusted with tho mean mm displayed by roy f«Uow-oolonUt» in not gir- ing moro liberally to this Vial Fund that I havo purposely abstained from goiug to tho Temper ancu Mali, to-ni^ht. I should be ashamed to s«a the presentation of so beggarly a sum. Mind, I do not blame those Now South Welshmen who have only moderate incomes ; my roinurks allude particularly to' our wealthy men. Tlwy wero 'dikdy enough with amounts of three and even four figures for .the Alfred Hospital Fund, but huro ? Bull ! let us change the subject. Tli« Kev. Dr. Lang, M.P., &c; , &c.;, has con tributod his oxpur.ancjs during a journey to and through Mudgoo iind Dubbo, to the Empire. The Rev. M.P.'s remarks aro worth reading, though what make* him desiroui of publishiuir tlwm in the manner ho hits done rather puzzlos me, I must confess. Does he get a salary as ' wandering reporter,' or what, or how, or why t The opora is still crowdud every niyht. I d like to have a sharo in the'speo.'this season. ' Rigolulto' is produced to-night. There is much talk. in theatrical circlfi about tho now play, jiut arrived from London. It is tho only authorised adaptation of 'No Thorough faro.' and is a marvellously written and power fully sensational drama. I cannot say yot whether it will be produced in Sydney, as the scenery will cost a 'powerful heap of money ;' but if any manager here provo equal to thu vonturo, it ii my hiunblo opinion ho will reap a qolden reward. It will shortly bo brought out ia Melbourne, however. But I must not tako up too much of your limited space. I must loave room for my West and East Maitland brethren, as also for thus* other co-wioldora of the goose quill at L:ir^s, Waratah, Wallsend, Lambton, Miami, Kaymond Terrace, Paterson,»Tomago, Borehole, Stockton., «fcc, &a;, &o.; You havo certainly worked up a splendid corroxpondonco department. In this respect I know no other colonial journal any where that can compete with you. Sydney, Juno 22. ? 