MISS MENKEN'S POEMS. The somewhat sudden and certainly unexpected death of Miss Adah Isaacs Menken has for med the text for a number of more or less gushing articles, and may I form the text for more. If Menken had lived another week she would have made her appearance as the living authoress of a volume of half-sad, half-biblical poems, which will now be published and received in many quarters with a tenderness they may not deserve. There is something calculated to tickle certain imagi- nations in the career of a woman who made herself notorious as an equestrian actress, married two, if not more, prize-fighters, one or two journalists, besides several private individuals, and then burst upon a world which is always willing to be astonished, with a volume of semi-religious poems. The poems, in themselves, may be valueless, but the mere fact of such a woman having her name attached to anything in the shape of verse is a new literary sensation." There have been instances within the memory of young journalists in which female notorieties have had books written for them and published as their own, and this fashion has been peculiarly popular in Paris. Rigolboche, Finette, and other heroines of the casinos have all published their " memoirs," written in a style that suggests the autobiography of the once famous " Harriet Wilson, but Menken takes a far higher flight in the book that will be given to the public in the course of next week. Under the title of "Infelicia," about thirty short poems and prose fragments will appear, plentifully landed with quotations from Scripture. Luxuriously printed, artistically illustrated, and dedicated, by permission, to Mr. Charles Dickens, the volume will doubtless find a sale far above the average of poetical ventures. The dedication to Mr. Dickens will probably have something to do with this, particularly when the public learns that the following letter is handsomely printed in facsimile as a preface to the book : " Gads Hill-place, Highaw-by-Rochoster, Kent, " Monday, October, 21, 1867. " Dear Miss Menken,-I shall have great pleasure in accepting your dedication. I thank you for your portrait is a highly remarkable specimen of photography. I also thank you for the verses enclosed in your note. Many each enclosures come to me, but few so pathetically written, and fewer still so modestly sent. Faithfully yours, " CHARLES DICKENS." The poems thus bowed into the world by this distinguished author are of various degrees of merit, the weakest being certainly those which are written in rhymed verse. The strongest, or apparently the strongest, are those in which the "Whitman style of rhapsody is copied, and language is thrown about wildly, with here and there a few happy combinations. People who have the English vocabulary to deal with, who never seem to pause to think, and who stick at nothing that will produce, an effect, would be very unlucky if they always failed to " strike oil." A cat running over the keys of a piano will produce harmonies that have escaped the great composers and in the same way the wild school of posters, to which Menken belonged, are often the parents of a few happy phrases. Menken is as bold in poetry as she was on the stage. She talks about " ringing trancing shivers of rapt melody down to the dumb earth." and " grasping the white throat of many a prayer." She is hard upon the conventionalities : *. Stand back, you Philistines ! Practice what you preach to me; ' l ' ยก I heed ye not, for I know ye all i Ye are living burning lies, and profanation to the garments which with stately steps ye sweep your marble palaces. . Stand back I am no Magdalene waiting to kiss the hem of your garment." , , ii' Some of the poems have a sadness and genuine force which prove them to be the! out- pourings of a heart ill at ease, and some have a grace of expression far removed from the wild rhapsody we have alluded to. The poem called " Drifts that Bar my Door," is worthy of full quotation for this quality :- ยก DraFTS THAT BALL MY Doon. 2 ' !. t .' O Angels will you never sweep the drifts from my door ? "Will you never wipe the gathering rust from the lungs P How long must I plead and cry in vain? .' > i Lift back the iron bars, and lead me hence. . j Is there not a land of peace beyond my door ? a Oh, lead me to it give me rest release me from this unequal strife. , Heaven can attest that I fought bravely when the heavy Hows fell fast. , Was it my sin that strength failed ? r "Was it my sin that the battle was in vain ? Was it my sin that I lost the prize ? I do not sorrow for all the bitter pain and blood it cost me. a ' Why do we and sobbing in the sunshine ? I cannot weep. There is no sunlight in this dark cell. I am starving for Might. , . l 0 angels ! sweep the drifts away near my door I II. ' Oh, is this all , Is there nothing more of life ? , See how dark and cold my cell. The pictures on the walls are covered with mould, i The earth-floor is slimy with my wasting blood. The emberS are smouldering in the ashes. The lamp is dimly flickering, and will soon starve for oil in this horrid gloom. ' ' My wild eyes paint shadows on the walls. ; And I hear the poor ghost of my lost love moaning and sobbing without. , Shrieks of my unhappiness are borne to me on the wings of the wind. I sit cowering in fear, with my tattered garments close around my choking throat. I move my pale lips to pray ; but my soul has lost her wonted power. Faith is weak. ; Hope has laid her whitened corso upon my bosom. The lamp sinks lower and lower. Oh, angels ! sweep the drifts away near my door ! III. Angels, is this my rowoTd ? ' Is this the crown you promised to get down on the Boer leaders of the loving- the suffering the deserted ? Where the sheaves I toiled for Where the golden grain you promised ? These are but withered leaves. Oh, is this all Meekly I have toiled and spun the fleece. All the work ye assigned, my willing hands have accom- justified. See how thin they are, and how they bleed. Ah me what meagre pay, even when the task is over ! | My fainting child, whose golden head graces e'en this dungeon, looks up to me and pleads force. O God ! my heart is breaking ! Despair and Death have forced their skeleton forms through the grated window of my cell, and stand clamour for for their prey. The lamp is almost burnt out. ' Angels, sweep the drifts away near my door! IV. Life is a lie, and Love a chest. ' There is a grave in my poor heart dark, heaped-up graves, from which no flowers spring. The walls are so high, that the trembling wings of birds do break ere they reach the summit, and they fall, wounded, and die in my bosom. I wander 'amid the grey old tombs, and talk with the ghost of my buried hopes. They tell me of mv Eros, and how they fluttered around him, bearing sweet messages of my love, until one day, with his strong arm, he struck them dead at his feet. Since then, these poor lonely ghOsts have haunted me night and day, for it was I -who decked them in my crimson heart tides, and sent them forth in chariots of fire. Every breath of wind bears in their shrieks and groans. I hasten to their graves, and tear bock folds and folds of their Shrouds, and try to pour into it their hold, nerveless veins the quickening tide of life once more. Too late the late! Despair hath driven back Death, and clasps me in his Mack arms. And the lamp ! See, the lamp is dying out 0 angels ! sweep the drifts from my door lift up the liars! v. Oh, let me sleep. I close my weary eyes for think-to dream. Is this what dreams are woven of ? I stand on the brink of a precipice, with my shivering child trained in my bare bosom. A y nuning chasm lies below. My trembling feet are on the brink. I hear again AM voice; but horseless not eat his hand to save me. Why can I not move my lips to pray ? They are cold, My pony is dumb, too. Death hath conquered ! 1 ? feel his icy fingers moving slowly along my heart strings. How cold and stiff! The ghosts of my dead hopes are closing around me, Then stifle me. They whisper that Bros has come back to me, Bnt'l only see a skeleton wrapped in blood-stained cere- ments. there are no lips to kiss me back to life. O ghosts of Love, move back give me air ! Yo smell of the dusty grave. To have dressed your cold hands upon my eyes until they are eclipsed. The lump has burnt out. O angels be quick ! Sweep the drifts away Dunbar my door ! Oh, light! fight!" Menken was evidently an impressionable woman, as plastic as wax on whom the last influence had the strongest effect. The ani- malism of the prize-fighter affected her one moment, the philosophy of the poet at another. There are thousands of such women in the world, and always have been-London Review 