STATION WORK ON IMPROVED PRINCIPLES. (From the Pastoral Times' Special Reporter.) COREE station in River is forty-eight miles north of Deniliquin, and is on the Billabong Creek. I give the modus operandi in cleansing the wool on the sheeps' backs by hot and cold water. The washing depot is on the northern side of the Billabong Creek,' and the soaking and spouting tanks are about twelve yards from the bank, through which a sluice is cut to feed the centrifugal pump, and which is placed in posi tion at the head of the sluice, and near the spouting tank. The engine working a centri fugal pump, is one of seven-horse power, bought at Melbourne for £280, and is worked to a pressure of 501bs. to the square inch. It is most compact, and keeps the machinery in motion with perfect ease; of fuel it consumes one cord of wood every two days ; the wood is cut for 3s. per cord, and is conveyed to the engine by station drays. The boilers are of 400 gallons each, and are filled by a two-inch pipe from the spouting trough, and it takes about an hour to make the water boil. They are generally filled the last thing at night, a little fire being put on, bo that in the morning they are soon heated. The hot water soak is 28 feet long by from 4£ feet at bottom to 5 feet at top, and 5 feet deep, divided into four compartments, and contains two thousand gallons of water, to which are added lOlbs. of soap and lOlbs. of soda for every 1000 sheep to be washed. The hot soak is cleaned out every evening, the bottom dipping to a box drain which, closed and opened with a valve, conveys the soiled water to the creek. The temperature of the water in the soak is kept up to 110 deg., and washing commences first thing in the morning. The sheep are brought from the yards contiguous to the depot to the small yard terminating in a platform erected two feet above the hot water soak into which they are plunged as required. They are then guided into a compartment a little wider than themselves, where they stay for about three minutes. When the proper time has ar rived they are allowed to go forward on to a platform, a little above the level of the top of the water of the hot bath. Here the sheep stands for a time—greatly re.iuced in bulk, the wool sticking close to his sides—the hot water trickling down and returning to the hot soak down the platform. The sheep now gets breathing time, and though looking much cleaner and less like a vagrant than he did be fore he got bis hot bath, still he is only half clean. Here he stands looking about him, ap parently bewildered at the operation. The steam engine close by is puffing away, while perhaps the washers are singing " Cheely man," a song well known to those who have crossed the seas. Eventually the sheep is seized by a man, in whose bare, brawny arms the 50 lbs. or 60 lbs. of mutton encased in wool are as nothing. The animal is now pitched neck and crop into the cold spouting tank, where he is remorselessly seized by two men, one taking hold of the head, the other of the two hind legs, they hold and turn the struggling sheep under the douche, where the water descends from two wide thin jets with great force, and in large quantity over the head and body of the bewildered creature. He is kept from forty to fifty seconds under the jets. The process, hot and cold, takes about five and a-half minutes. The sheep goes in a dirty brown, with clotted and matted locks or fleece, and lands on this platform a milky white, his woolly coat or lleece fitting closely to his sides. Though glad to get from the power of the ope rators, the sheep in some instances becomes so weakened as to be unable to keep his legs, in which case he lies helplessly down on the bat tened platform—his fat side 3 pantiug, his eyes dilated, mouth a little open, and tongue protrud ing, he himself looking the picture of despair, apparently about to give up the ghost; should he lay long in this position, he is helped upon his legs by one of the men, and finally the animal walks or totters to terra fir ma, quietly making his way into the adjoining paddock, which* is one of a series of paddocks leading to the woolsbed. Through this process 1700 sheep are put daily, but the appliances on the ground are capable of turning out 2000 per diem. There are four spouts, and each one is capable of doiug 70 (?—Ed. Q.) sheep per hour. It struck me that these brush fences answered admirably; they keep the wind from raising the dust, as the outer part of the wetted wool would of course freely catch any dust blowing about, and the outer side of the fleece would lose its whiteness, through the moss of wool, from its coheaivene99, would run no risk of being thus contaminated. For a period, dependent on the drying qualities of the atmosphere, of from two to three day*, ■•-the washed sheep is allowed to roam about these paddocks until he has been handed over to the shearer. Here the 6heep is deuuded of his woolly coat, which it took him twelve months' grazing to bring to its present weight, and it now weighs about 40 ounces—the wool of sheep fed on the frontage of the run having lost in specific gravity by the cleansing process about 24 ozs. of dirt, grease, potash, &c.; Sheep from the dry back blocks, where they have to travel far for food» and where the surface soil is greatly mixed with sand, lose about sixty or seventy per cent, in weight of fleece. In the saltbush country the fleeces will not be a 9 heavy as in the richer and more fertile districts of the colony. Here in Riverina it takes throughout the year about four acres of average land to sustain a sheep, in other and richer districts one acre suffices. In the saltbush country, therefore, the sheep must travel in search of food —hence he does not fatten so quickly as if he could satisfy his appetite on a small area, and by the same rule the fleece is not so heavy as in better favored localities, so that, independent of the breed or size of the sheep, it is still an open question whether carcass and wool can be brought to the same perfection in the Eiverine territory, with its sparsely furnished herbage or grasses, as they are, for instance, in the rich districts of the western parts of Victoria. It is still an open question whether quantity of country can make amends for quality in the soil. In about 100 hours, then, at Coree, from the time when the sheep were plunged into the hot bath, the wool is washed clean, the sheep shorn, fleeces sorted, wool packed by powerful machinery, and the wool en route for England via Melbourne. There were about twenty-five shearers employed in the shed, and a few assis tants, woolwinders and picker3-up, at 15s. a week and food ; for shearing 18s. per hundred were paid, and as a first-class shearer can clip eighty sheep a day, the average hand can do about fifty or sixty—the earnings of each man would be from 9s. to 16s. per day, the men finding themselves. At the stations they can purchase meat and flour at about cost price, and sleeping room coats them nothing. It is gratifying to notice an improvement in the shearers as a class, many of whom are far mers of small means from Victoria, and some of them have grown-up sons, and they possess drays and bullocks, so that in each shearing season in Southern Riverina a farmer, with two or three sons and a team, could earn £100 while his crops are growing. Thus one interest supports an other. It must be very Bhort-sighted per sons who would preach that the squatting and farming interests are in any way opposed to each other. The charge for conveying the wool to the terminus of the Melbourne and Murray River line at Echuca from Coree, a distance of about 100 miles, is 80s. per ton, with a bonus of ss. or in some cases 10s. per ton, if the wool is delivered within ten days. Each dray can very well take from twenty to twenty-four bales of 300 lbs. each, or, say three tons of wool, and by i industry, with perseverance and sobriety, four trips caa thus be made, netting about £50 cash team for the season. The 53,000 sheep at Ooree (there are 14,000 lambs—these are not to be shorn) are expected to turn out about 150,100 lbs. weight of clean wool, or roughly estimated at 67 tons, and as each fleece is expected to be worth ss. at least —making a total of £13,250 for the season's clip. The amount paid for shearing would be £477, to which may be added about twenty per cent, for assistants, of (say) £600, and the car riage would be something like £300. The station and cattle were, a few years ago, sold to Messrs. Mackinnon and Lydiard for about £60,000, since which Mr. Samuel Wilson purchased it from them, and has changed it to a sheep station—it is enclosed by wire fencing, and is so sub-divided as to carry 63,000 sheep and 14,000 lambs, witli working horses, bul locks, &c.; —the acreage is 130,000 —up to March last there were 74,000 full-grown sheep on Coree, but this was after' an exceptionally fine season, as the winter of 1867. The sheep are all of the Merino type, 2, 4, and 6-toothed— among them are 1000 eweß and 300 rams of Bayly's fine breed. The wool is of considerable fineness, has much waving, some is short in staple, but moderately fine in fibre—it possesses the two excellent qualities of soundness and fine ness. A practical woolsorter of eminence examined specimens in my presence and pronounced them as being nearly as clean as they could be if washed by the best process known. It is customary in England to allow 151bs. per cent, for dirt on best cleansed wool—on the Coree wool he would allow 181bs., being a difference of only 31bs. in lOOlbs. Of course there are immense improvements on Coree—one dam alone has cost £1000, and the capital invested is very considerable—in su perior stock, in fencing, in wells, and in scores of small works. " Economy" is here the rule under the able management of the chief super intendent, Mr. Maclean, Coree represents the bright and successful side of Bquatting. Though the returns look large, I do not think from minute calculations, they average more than 15 to 17 per cent.—one season with another—and taking all the risks into consideration. While successful squatting pays well in the hands of men owning large capital, it is an avocation demanding mere than the average amount of shrewdness, perseverance under difficulties, and activity. 