IMPROVED STATIONS IN RIVER1NA. No. T.— (Y»nira ( From the Special Keborter of the Paxtornl Time*. I in oruer to remove mucn misconception in tlie public mind as to the condition of the stations in Southern Riverina, and particularly to inform tlinse who have Hut had an nnimrfiinitv nf mtlrim HiuuB«icaui^u«uiKU niui hue IU1)J{UIVU SJBVCU1 of wool-cleansing by hot aud cold water operating on the sheep's back, 1 present tho following as the first of a series of these article, Corec Station is4S miles north of Deniliquin, and is on the Billabong Creek. I give the modus operandi in cleansing the wool on the sheep's backs by hot and cold water. The washing deiot 8 on the northern side of the Billabon* Creek, and the soaking and spouting tanks are about 12 yards from the bank, through which a sluice is cut to feed the centrifugal pump, and which is placed in position at the head of the sluice, and near the spouting tank. The engine, working a centrifugal pump, is one of sevcu horse-power, bought at Melbourne for £260, and is worked to a pressure of : 0 lbs. to the square inch. It is most compact, and keeps the machinery in motion with perfect ease; of fuel it consumes one cord of wood every two days; the wood is cut for3i per cord, and is conveyed to the cngiue by station drays. The boilers are of 400 gallons each, aud arc filled by a two-inch pipe from the spouting trough, and it takes about un hour- to make the water boiL They are generally filled the last thing at night, a little fire licinz imt on. so that in the mnrnine th-. v ire soon heate.l. The hot-water soak is '28 feet Ions by from 4$ feet at bottom w 5 feet at top, and 5 feet deep, divided into four compartments, and contains 2,000 gallons of water, to which, we added 10 lbs. uf soap and 10 11)3. of soda for every l.OtO sheep to be washed. The hot soak ia cleaned out every evening, the bottom dipping to a box-drain which, closed and opened with a valve, convoys the soiled water to the creek. The teniper.dure of the water in the soak is kept up to 110 dcurcei, and washing commences first thing in the morning. The sheep are brought from iheyaHs crtntiKUous to the depot to tlu; small yard terminating in u platform erected two feet above the hot- water soak, into which they arc plunged as required. They are then guidcl into a compartment a little wider than themselves, where they stay for about three minutes. When the proper time has arrived, they are allowel to go forward on to a platform a little above the level of the top of the water of the hot bath. Here- tlie sheep stands for a lime— greatly reduced in bulk— the wool sticking close to its sides, the hot water trickliug down, and returning to the hot soak dotvn tlie platform. The sheep uow gets breathing time, and though looking much cleaner and less like a vagrant Una he did brforo he got his hot bath, still ho is only half clean. Hero he stands looking about him, apparently bewildered at the operation.. The steam-engine close by ia puffing away, while, perhaps, the washers are singing ' Chealyman'— a song well known to thoae who have crosaed the seas. Eventually the sheep is seized by a man, in whose bare, brawny arms the 50 lbs. or GO lbs. of mutton encased in wool are as nothing. The animal is now pitched neck und crop into the cold spouting tank, where ho is remorselessly seized by two men, one taking hold of the head, the other of the two hind legsi, they hold and turn the struggling sheep under tlie douche, where the water descends from two wide ;he head and body of the bewildered creature. Ue s kept from 40 to 59 seconds undnr the jets. The process, hot and cold, takes abaut rive and a half minutes. The sheep goes in a dirty brown, with slotted and matted locks or fleece, and lands 3n this platform, a milky white, his woolly cout or fleece fitting closely to Jus sides. Though glad to get fioni the power of the operators, the sheep in some instances becomes so*wcakencd as to l-o unable to keep his leps, in which case he lies help lessly down on the battened platform - his fat hides panting, his eyes dilated, mouth a little oucu, and tongue protruding, lie himself looking the picture of despair, apparently about to give up the ghost. Should In; lay long in this position, he is helped upon his lops by one of the men, and finally the animal waks or totters to terra ftrma, quietly making his way into the adjoining pmidoclc, which is one of u series ofjpaddocKH leading to the wool shed. Through tins process l.fuj sheep are put daily, but the appliances on the grounl arc capable of turning out 2.(J0l) per diem. There aro four spouts, aud each oue is capable of doing 70 sheep per hou-. It sttuek me that these brush fuuues answered admirably | they kuen the win 1 from raising the dust, as the outer part of tlie wct'C'l wftol would of course freely catch hiiy dust blowing about, and the outer side of tho lleeee would lose its whiteness, though the iimss of wool, from its collusiveness, would ruu no risk of being tliua contaminated. For a period, depen dent on the drying uualities of the atmosphere, uf frdni two to three days, the washed sheep is allowed to roam about these paddocks until he has been handed over to the shearer. Here the blieep is denuded of his woolly coat, which it took him 12 months' grazing to brinat to its present weight, und it now weighs about 40 ounces— the woul of sheep fed on the frontage of the run having lout in specific gravity by the cleansing process about 21 ounces of dirt, grease, potasli, &c; fcheep from the dry back blocks, where they have to travel far for fowl, and where tho surface soil is greatly mixed with sand, lose uloui, iJO or 70 per cent, in weight of fl.-ecc. iu this saltbush country the fleeces will nut lie as heavy as iu the richer and more fertile districts of the colony. Here in 1'iverina it takes throughout the year about four acres of average land to sustain a sheep; in other and richer districts one acre suffices. In the saltbush country, therefore, the sheep must travel in search of food -hence he dues not fatten so quickly as if he could satisfy hia appetite on a small area, and l-y the snme rule the fleece in not sn heavy as in tetter favoured locali ties; so that independent of the breed or size ol the sheep it is tstili an open question whethei carca.se and wool can be brought to tlie same per fection in the Kiverine territory, with its sparsely [urnisncu neruagc or grasses, aa they are, for instance in the rich districts of the western parts of 'Victoria. It is still an open question whether quantity of country can make amends for quality in the soil. In about 100 hours, then, at Coree, from the time when the sheep were plunged into the hot batb, the wool ia washed clean, the sheep shorn, fleeces sorted, wool packed by powerful machinery, and the wool en route for England via Melbourne. There were about 26 shearura employed in the shed, and a few assistants, woolwindere, ami pickers up. at 15s. a week anl food; for shearing 18s per 100 was paid, and as a first-class shearer can clip SO sheep a day, and an average hand do about 50 or 00. the earnings of each man would be from Ds. to Jos. per diy, tiie men fanding themselves. At the station - they can purchase meat and flour at about cost price, and sleeping room costs them nothing. Itisxratifjingto notice an improvement in the felieaiers as a class, many oi whom are farmers of small means from Victoria, and some of them have gro-vn-up sons, and they possess drays and bullocks, so that in each shearing season in Southern liiverina a farmer, with two or three sons and a team, could earn £100 while his crop* are growing. Thus one interest supports another. It mu^t be very bliort-sighted persons who would preach that the squatting and farming interests are in any way opposed to each other. The charge for conveying the wool to the terminus of the Mel bourne and Murray Kiver line at Echuca from Coree, a distance of about 1C0 miles, is 80). per ton, with a boniuof {«., or in some cases 10d. por ton, if the wool is delivered within 10 days.- Each dray can verynell take from 20 to 24 bales nf 301 lbs. each, or, say three tons of wop), and by industry, with perseverance ami sobriety, four trips caii thus be made, netting about £'&) each team for the seasou. The 53.000 sheep at Coree (there are 14,000, lamln -rthese are not to be shorn) are expected to turn out about 150,100 lbs. weight of clean wool, or roughly estimated, at 67 tons, and as each fleece is expected to be worth 5s, at least, making a total ot £13,259 tot the season's clip. The amount paid for shearing would be £477, to which may be added about 20 per cent, for assistants, or, say 1 000. and the carriage would be something like £3X1, The station and cattle were, a few years ago, sold to Messrs. Mackinnon U Lydiard for about £60,00), since which ilr. Samuel Wilson purchased it from them, and has changed it to atheep-ttation It is enclosed by wire fencing, and is so subdivided as to carry £U00 sheep and 14,000 lambs, with working bones, bullocks, Sio. - The acres ee is 130,000, Up to March last there were 74 010 full-grown sheep on Coree, but this was after an exceptionally fine season, as the winter of 1867 The sheep arc all of the Merino type, 2. 4, and 6 tooHied; among them are 1,000 ewes and 300 rams of Bayjy's fine breed.. The wool is of considerable fineneH hat much waving, aonie is short in staple, but moderately fine m fibre-it poasesRes the two excellent1 qualities of soundness and fineness A practical woolsorter of eminence examined speci mens m my presence, and pronounced them as being nearly as clean as they could *-e if washed by the best process known. It Is customary in Kngland to allow 15 lb?. percent, forlirt oh Wt cleansed wool. On the Coree wool he would allow 13 lbs , being a difference o-ou]y 3 lbs. ia 100 lbs. .Of course tneite are immense improvements on Coree-one dam ajone has cost £%000-and the capital ^ve^d is very considerable in superior stock, m fenemjr, iu well- and! In scores of small works, Economy is here the rule, under theaWemanaaementof the chief superintendent, Mr, MoUan. Coree represenlg the bright and sncpessful Bide ol squattSng. Thoujfh the returns ..~«. ™~ nv, * «„ uw Muuft jroia minute calculations they average more than 15 to 17 per cent, ow Beason.with another, and taking all the risks into consideration. While successful Bnuatking pays well in the hands of men owning large cawlal. it is an avocation demanding more than theaverane amount of Bhrcwdneu, peipeverance under diffl culties, and activity. Turning from the Crown tenant to the Crown itself, there is a splendid future fof New South Wales in these extensive squatting, runs under wise legislation. lieverse the picture, however, and let tbe political war cry lie havoc,1' undermine these improving shiep walks in the confidence of capitalists, the State s property wiil decrease in value, and New South Wales will h»vo a large territory overrun with masses of poor settlers, who may exist, but can hardly be piosperons. -i§T We aro request^ to direct at tention to the Sale, Tbia iMj, by the Government Auctioneer, at the Powder Magazine Port Ade laide, of a, fcae quantity of ^unpo»der, Ammu* nitiori^e. Balo at 12 noon. r» ..,??««»»'. 