? THE IMMACULATjB y CONCEPTION. {From, the Liturgical Tear, ^friwMduiil by Fr. . The Feast ,oC lihu Bltjss'ejt Virgin's; Immaculate Conception ia 'the; mivst V(-leiiui' ot\all tiioae which the Cnureh celeiu-aWa duviug b'tietloiy time of Advent, and if th« ti ret part A the cycle hud to. offer us the comuiwnloriitiitn of. some oi' the mys teries of Mary, there vv.ia none whost) object coulti better' iiarmonise vri'dli'-'tiie 'spirit ot the Church ia this 'mystic ? season' of exptutabiou. Let 'as, then, calebrate this auletnmty with joy ; for the Ooucep ion oi Mary tells uit' tiaat the'birth of Jesus is noo tor off. The intention of tho Church, in this Feast, ib 9Wt only to celebrate tue auvuversary of fehi happy moment in which began, in the worab oi Wie pious Anne, tho life of ' :i\ie \'erir ^iorioue Virgin Mary, but also to honor the Bublime privilege, by which Mary was preserved from the original stain which, by a sovereign and. universal decree, is contracted by all the children of Adam the very moment they are conceived in thair mother's womb. The faith of the Catholic Church on the bubject of the Conception of Mary is this, that at tho very instant when God united tho soul of Mary, which he had created, to the body which it was to animate, this ever blessed aoul did not only not contract the stain which, at that same instant,- defiles every human soul, but was filled with an immeasurable grace which rendered her, from that moment, the mirror of the sanctity of God himslf, as far. as this is possible to a creature. The Church, with her infallible authority, declared by the lips of Pius the IX:, that this article of faith had been revealed by God- himself .' The deiiui tion was received with enthusiasm by the whole of Christendom, and the 8bh of December of the year 1854 wae thus made one of the most memorable days of the Church's history. It was due to his own infinite sanctity that. God should suspend, in this , instancs, the law which his divine justice had passed npon all the children of Adam. The relations which Mary was to bear to the Divinity could not be i'econ ciled withher undergoing the humiliation of this punishment. She was not only Daughter of the Ebernal Father ; she was1 destined also to become the Mother of the Son, aud the veritable Spouse of the Holy Ghost ; nothing defiled could be admitted to enjoy even the sight of his Divine Majesty in Heaven ; nothing defiled could be permitted to enter,, even for aa atom of time, irifco fchft nroi.fcurfi that was thus Dredestined to contract such close relations with the adorable Trinity; not a speck could be permitted to tarnish. iu Mary that perfect purity which the infinitely holy Glod requires in those who are one day to be admitted to.enjoy aven the sight of his Divine Majesty in tieavenj.in a word, as the groat Doctor St. Anselm, says, 'it was just that this Holy Virgin should be adorned with the greatest purity which can be conceived, after that of God. himself, since God the Father was to give to her *s her Child, that Only-begotten Son, whom Ho. loved as himself, as being begot ten fco Him from his own bosom ; and thia in such a manner, that the self-saine Sun of God was, by nature, the Son of both God the Father aad of thia; Blessed Virgin. . This same Son chose her to be substantially his Mother ; and the Holy Ghost willed 'that in her womb He would operate the couceptiou and birth of Him from whoiii He himself proceeded.' The Church, even before tho solemn procla mation of the grand do»;rna, kept the feast of this 8th day of December ; which wae in reality, » profession of her faith Ib ia true, that the teaut was not called the Immaculate Couco.ption, but simply the Conception, of Mary. Bat, the fact of auch a feast . being instituted aud j«pt, was an unmistakable expression of the fabh o£ Christendom in that truth. St. Bernard and the Angelical Doctor, St. Thomas, both teach that thu Cliurch cannot celebrate the feast of whatia not holy j the Conception of Mary, therefore, was holy and immaculate, since ths Church. haa, for ages past honoured it- wish. 'a special feast. The. nativity -of the same holy Virgin is kept as a solemnity in the Church, .because.. Mary, was born full of grace ; therefore, - had ths tirst mo ment of Mary's exiatences'^jeenjone of : sin, as i«. taat of all the other cliiidr'eii'pf Adam,, it never could have been made tua subject' of the rever ence of the Church. Now, there are few feasts so generally.' : and . .'so,': (irmly established in' tile ChurchVas'.'this'-'/wHich-'we.-' are keeping to- day. All nations and . Churches that believe in our Lady have mamteated their devotion to this doctrine. Greece, Spam, Nau'es. Monte Cassino aud Bineveuto, Eugtaud (1086) through the order of St. Bauedieb (to Aviiich. boati writer and - translator belong) Normandy, France, Germany ' (1049), Navarre -(1090), Belgium (at ;Liege, in .1142), i testitied-to the doctrine. IiiRbuie, Pope Six tus ' IV' pubiidhed, in ?147(-,: the decree ot' the Feast ; of: our'Livdy'B Concepbuin-; and in 1588 St. Pius '? y. inserted it in1 the JR.i)ai'au Rreyiaryi From R|L)ihe:was r the impulse !givenj' from Rome the lioubrine vv as spread '-forth 'over tlie world, and in Ryme was it soletunly detiued- as a .matter of i'aith.. But' iueyory ;aauiou and in every age th» .Sous of Sb. -Fraucis were the stoutest chain piuna ' oi; this doetrine oi faibh. ;Aud when at ieng'tii the great day of the dotiuithtfi of the I d'tnaea Via.te Cpuoejitiou eartibi iiovv justly .merited was ;that ^raud amlience; -whicii the Vicar, of Chrisib granted to the Frauciscau Order, anil with which; closed ,the pagoiiut or tub -jiioiTJUj), soletmiity !; Pi us' 'the Ninpi'i.roc^ved iriiiii the: haud« ol t*ie cUiUir'e'u bf St. Fraucis a tribute; of. hoi'nuge- and tliankt'u i ness, which tho 'Scot's t S,,chool, alter baviny; tought . four ''hundred'' years in JlcMic*. of Mciry^s 'Iininaeulabe Couceptiou, iiow ? presented' to ttve i Poutilf.. '? -la the preeence of tke tifty foui' 'Cardiuajs, ? torty two Arehi.itthops,: and ninety rtwo; Bishopa ; bciore an immenso con eourso or people, tliat tuiod ot. l'eter b, ? who naa uuinedi-iu i ? prayer, ? begyiug : -'tire : assi^tanuo of ..tlie apnit.uf trutti^ — fciitj Vioar o\: Cnrisb liaci just jjrououut:ed ;tlie. deeieion whiuh ao many ages had 'JiOued ' to ; hear, i ,'J'lto , P.bntilf had ottereci the Holy : 'Sacrifice -on the . '. Con tension of ? Si . Peter. He had erovviidd: the statue oi the Immaculate Queea with a. splendid diadca. Carried on his lotty- throne, and wearing his tuple crow u, he Itkd; reached the portico ot tlie Basilica ; there he. as; met by the two representatives of St. Francis ; tliey pi'ohtrate before ths throne : the trium phal procession halts: and iirst, tlaere advance's' the General of the Friara Muior Obaervantines ; ho preaonta to tile Holy Father a branch oi silver lilies: he was followed by the General ot the Conventual Friars, holding iu his hand a oranuh oi silver roses ; the Pope grajiously accepted both. Tne lilies and 'the roses wer^. symbolical of Mary's purity and love; the whitenoaa of the silver was the 'emblem of the lovely brigiitness of that orb oh whicii is reflec ted tho l.ylit of the «nn : , for as the C«uticl-: says of Mary, 'she is beautiful as the nioon.' The Poutitl waa overcome with emotion at these gifts of the family of the Seraphic Patriarch, to which we might justly apply the words of the Maid of OrleanB : 'it had stood the brunt of the battle ; it deserved to share in the glory of the victory.' And thus ended the glories of that grand morning of the Eighth of December, Eighteen Hundred and Fifty-four. ; 