A BYGONE SPORTING NOTORIETY. Illustrated Sporting Theatrical News. To begin from the beginning an admirable mode of saving time, about the year 1818-19 there were few pugilists or patrons of the P.R. for that matter, that ever went down to a ujcirjr win m tuc eastern uuuuues wuo were unacquainted—if they themselves were at all known in the sporting world, if^only by name— with a tallish, powerfully built, brown haired, somewhat beetled-browed, but by no means in other ways ill-looking young gentleman of fast tastes, who hailed from Norwich, was the son of a much-respected alderman of that city, had some time served in the army as a subaltern in Spain, had by no means a bad notion of amateur theatricals, dearly loved a prize fight, and with youth, strength, high spirits, a little money, and at that time a decent business as a bombazine manufacturer at his back, preferred spending his days and nights in a sporting society to the fol lowing out of a career marked out for him by his stay-at-home parents. His name was Mr. John Thurtell to hiß inferiors; his friends of the " fancy," behind his back called him the I s swell yokel." * For some six years. previous to the dates above any one who might have cared to drop in at night for a friendly pipe and glass of grog with the^red-faced old stage-coachman at any of the Charing Cross hostelries, might have heard, singing songs of questionable propriety as the small hours wore on, a down- looking, callow, well-featured young man with big black whis kers and a remarkably good tenor voice. This person, whose profession was that of a tenth rate public singer, to a superficial obser ver carried no worse expressions on hiß face than a slight look of good nature, leavened by a little sensuality and no end of silliness. As a lazy, public-house vocalist, who preferred the free and easy familiarity, drunken applause, and hail fellow well met friendship of a pot house to •»'iaht more enduring or lucrative, "Joe Hunt" u.~ O —» in those years to most of the fast was mo*» *- '" "♦■'•ooolis as one whose song night-birds of illS Divv. __ -""many. In that redeemed the stupidity of his co- A "^nrtell, capacity, doubtless, about 1819, John j.~ the so-called " swell yokel" from Norwich, on one of his many runs up to LondoVon the spree, " became acquainted with this num, who, but for his complicity in a terrible crime^would long ago have been forgotten by all decent people. So much for two of our dramatis pejr-. some. Some years before John Thurtell learned to mix himself up in " ring barneys," and from a " fly flat" to become a " sharp," with an ugly stain .of murder in the long run attaching itself to his memory ; and before Joseph Hunt's fine voice had grown none the better for late hours and much gin and water in public houses, a heavy-faced man was acting as clerk to a wine merchant named Bramwell, in a large way of business at Pimlico. We next find him mar ried, and carrying on business on his own ac count by dint of much " cheek" and no capital, in the Haymarket, residing privately at the house of Mr. Lambert —we believe the firm of Lambert and Co., silversmiths, exists still —in Coventry-street, Haymarket. One fine day, however, our soi-disant prosperous wine mer chant, who was clever enough on next to no thing, save credit, to keep an elegant establish ment and " flash about" town in the neatest of tilburies, with the smallest of " tigers," went to smash, and into the " Bench" prison to the tune of £22,000. During his confinement there—he was always at heart a sneaking rogue, who would have stolen a blind man's etL-k, or a canary bird's svgar —he actually robbed the till belong ing to the prison coffee-house, and got six months for it "on the mill " at Brixton. The name of this gentleman was Mr. William Pro bert, of whom the late Mr. Justice Park de clared that " a more infamous scoundrel nevei presented himself in a court of justice" on a later and painfully-memorable occasion to which . we are coming shortly—our present object being first to give you the " names, weights, and ! colors of the riders," as the " c'rect card " men | say, and" then, more nostro, to " report the running," as best we may. Come we now to the last of our quartette of " bad eggs," one William Weare, whose fearful end, however much it may excite our horror, has never, we must confess, moved us to anything like compassion. About the time that delightful Mr. William Probert came out of " quod," and from selling wine took to more general " picking-up," Autolycue-like, of those " uncon sidered trifles" that floated on the seething sur face of fast and loose London society in his day, as in ours, a Mr. William Wcare lived in souje? very nicely got up, but externally dark, dreary chambers in that", abomination of brick and mortar desolation,;Ljon'B Inn, now, thauk Pro vidence and the innovating Strand Hotel Com pany —if the two can decently come into such close juxtaposition-2-pulled down. Of this man all we know is exactly about as.much aa we know to-day of scor.es of otherjfree and easy pleasant pepple who live by 4heir wits on nothing in London, and fatten on that same agreeable nothing. He was one of the uumer i ous class that modern civilisation foists for its I folly upon society. In the mediaeval ages he ! would have been a mere pettifogging thief whom j some feudal lord would have strung up to a tree for filching a purse or robbing a henroost. In our more enlightened titfea he was reputed to be a well-to-do " gentleman of no occupation," fond of shooting, withfco objection to a quiet i game at chicken-hazari and an hour or two I every night at billiards. True, his dear friends I said that " no deader nail than William Weare ! ever queered a fiat at the ' bones,' cards, or bil ! liard9." But, then, friends, we know, are so very hypocritical! It might, however, as the sequel will show, have been better for Mr. William Weare if he had not played quite so good a game as he did, with one at lea9t of his dear friends, young Jack Thurtell, the " swell yokel," from Norwich, who, about this time, though but a " fly flat" at such pastimes as above, was, with a damaged charac , ter and a fast-emptying pocket, " learning life" I and seconding prizefighters in London. Mr. 1 William Weare might then have gone on, to a ! good old age, perhaps flatcatching. And who \ i knows but that, instead of being dragged out of I a roadside pond, stiff and stark, with a hole in his head and a nasty cut across his lean throat, he might not have retired on his gains and settled down as one of that humbug Society's " highly respectable" men, and so calmly have ! slid out of the world at last, with a lying marble monument to tell us, all the virtues he hadn't and leave out all the vice he had—with perhaps, an appropriate text^for we have really seen such things ere now, in the case of men quite as bad—telling us the blessed state of " the dead that die in the Lord." There were queer times in London in those riotous, four-bottle drinking, Tom and Jerry, Charley beating, bear-baiting, cock-fighting, elbow-shaking, j011y,... neck-or-nothing, black guardly, high- collar-wearing, poor old days! Days when Mr. Jack Thurtell challenged Tom Belcher to. fight him for £500 aside, and didn't fight. Days when his dear friend Abe Belasco, annoyed with Thurtell for (as the Jew said) trying to induce his (Abe's) brother, Israel, to fight a cross with the Berghamptou Groom, told the " swell yokel," in a vein of gen tlemanly bandinage, that he " should live to see him hanged." Which pleasant little prophecy Mr. Abe, doubtless to his heart's content, saw accomplished not long after outside Hertford gaol. On the night of October 23. 1823, William Weare was neatly handling his favorite cue at his friend Rexworthy's billiard rooms, at No. 6, Spring-gardens. Not long before he had—to use an elegant phrase—" bested" John Thurtell out of some £300. A pleasant-looking man enough (if traditions be true) must have been this same Mr. Weare, with his cool, oily smile, steady nerve, irreproaohable " get up," and merry jests, as he bent over the table with the green-shaded lamplight streaming down on his small white hand that, after that night, would never, hold a cue more. Did he think, we wonder, how Death surely stood behind him, when up into the room strode broad-shouldered Jack Thurtell, with his hard mouth and heavy ex-soldier's stride, and remembered, all the while Mr. Weare cannoned away so merrily, how the " striker" yonder had helped to drag the " swell yokel" down, down, to poverty, desperation, and—but not for twenty-four flours more; no! no! not yet— murder! k The next day Weare went to the dingy old chambers in No. 2 Lyon's Inn^ in which the present writer, but a few years Vgo, smoked many a pipe with as fopdji fellow, a brother scribbler, as ever penned X^mftgazine article or floored a pot of " Culvert's black champagne" at a draught, £atfi}ess of all mfgner of " chaff" about ghosts with loaded-dice in their pocket, coming to scare WealtA successors in the " short hours." There he (Weare) dined, packed up, took a double gun, a backgammon board, and some dice, and sent his laundress for a hackney coach. He never returned. He was going, he said, "for a day's shooting in the country." He was going to be shot, stabbed, murdered. There was a slight difference. His destination was Prob6rt's cottage, Gill's Hill | lane, near Eteetree. . That afternoon Thurtell told Probert that he (Thurtell) was going to take up a friend "to be killed as he travelled down with him." That I afternoon also Thurtell and Hunt purchased ' two pistols at a pawnshop. That day also I Hunt hired a gig, which, he falsely said, he was I going to drive to Dartford, an entirely opposite direction to Elsetree. He purchased a rope and a Back. That night Weare got out of a oab in the New- road, and came back to the cabman " with a tall gentleman in a rough coat," who presently drove off with him in his gig. This Thur tell. Hunt and Probert followed. Hunt and Probert in due time both confessed. Both pro bably lied in some d egree as to their share in the murder. But it seems certain to us now that when Thurtell and his victim get down into a by-lane, the former shot the latter in the head, whereupon Weare jumped out and ran away ; that Thurtell then folk wed, got him down, cut his throat, and finally for ever quieted the wretched creature by brutally jamming the pistol-barrel into his already lacerated skull. Whether, as Ruthven, the acutest detective of that day, surmised (in spite of Probert's and Hunt's statements) Hunt really did hold the head of Thurtell's horse all that time, while Probert minded his own horse or not,'none m#y ever know. That night, after a good supper—Hunt had brought down a loin of pork, and ate no less than five chops himself—and some songs, the wretches moved the body and threw it into Probert's pond, sack and ail. On Saturday, and Thurtell wont back to town. Oa Sunday uT" catne back am to Gill'B Hm Cottage, and playeu card8 J and °Q Monday night, while Hunt was making himself agreeable to Mrs. Probert, Probert Ttad Thurtell took the body away some distance and sank it in another pond. Hunt soon "peached" as to the place of concealment, denying every thing as regards any knowledge bofore the fact. The body was found. Probert turned king's evidence. Hunt and Thurtell stood their trial, during which Hunt behaved like tho coward he was, and Thurtell, with a oalm dignity, high courage, and keenness of intellect worthy of a better man. The closing passages of the latter's defence rose, in their earnest pathos and solemn asseveration, almost to the height of true elo quence. His withering denunciations of the faUe ruffian Probftrt made even him shrink in his shoes. And when at the laßt Thurtell wound up a fine defence, by raising his oyes to heaven and solemnly saying—" So help me God, lam i innocent!" —there were mapy wet eyes in the court, and a deep impressidh was evidently cre ated in his favor. All in vain. Hunt's sentenco was at last indeed commuted to transportation for life. But Thurtell, as* the world knows, wa9 hanged at Hertford in his 32nd year, on January 9, 1824; demeaning himself to the last with a wonderful fortitude that bore no trace of indecent bravado; a truly Christian penitence, though he never in plain words confessed ; and a gentle gratitude to ■ all those whose painful duty it was to attend his > last moments that won their warmest sympa • thies —so much so, that all near him, from the ■ governor to the meanest gaoler, were affected to tears. ! Enormous as his guilt was, Thurtell was, per- i haps, at bottom the best man of the three. He | died bravely. His last thoughts were regrets for ! the sorrow he brought on his parents. If he | sinned he suffered, and humbly Btrove to make his peace with God. A terrible criminal, it nay be, yet for all that, a man who often had shown nobly his generosity to many people, good and bad, in their distress ; a man whose fine talents were impaired by dissipation, while his pockets were bemg fleeced by false friends ; and who at last, maddened by Weare's perfidy, sent that wretched scoundrel to death with a ferocity rather like that of a fiend than of the once gay, light-hearted, good-natured " swell yokel," who, the town said, was "nobody's *enemy but his own," ' Probert escaped his deserts for a while, but little more than a year afterwards stole a horse, and was hanged for it. Hunt got a pardon at I last, aud died a justice of the peace in Australia i not many years ago! Weare lies buried in the j little churchyard at Elsetree. I Reader, it is time the curtain should fall on i a quartette of rascality.— We are glad to learn that a successful at tempt has at leugth been made to break through the established custom here in the matter of ventilating rooms during this hot weather. Mr. Witty hti3 introduced the Indian punkah in his luncheon-room, aad with a good " punkawal lu.h," or operator, the luxury of a current of cool air in a heated, room at mid-day is one that must be experienced before it can be appreciated. 