ROYAL SOCIETY. The monthly meeting of the Fellows was held on Tuesday, 12th May. The SECRETARY informed the meeting that His Excellency the President intended to be present this evening, but was accidentally prevented by the arrival of H.M.S. Virago, which necessitated his presence at Government House. The following returns were laid on the table : 1\. Visitors to Museum during April, 400. 2\. Ditto to Gardens ditto, 1,578. 3\. Plants room veil at Gardens From Mr. R. Henderson, Sydney, 21 plants. From Mr. C. F. Creswell, 04 papers seeds received per overland mail. 4\. Plants sent from Gardens: To A. Very chariot, Ghost, 12 tree ferns (Dicksonia antarctica) To Messrs. Taylor and Sangster, Melbourne, 1 case containing 40 plants. 5\. Loafing, flowering, and fruiting of a few standard plants at Botanic Gardens. C. Books and periodicals received. 7\. Presentations to Museum. Meteorological Returns. 1\. Hobart Town, from F. Abbott, Esq., table and summary for April. 2. Port Arthur, from J. Boyd, Esq., table for March. 3. Swansea, from Dr. Story, table for March. 4. Westbury, from F. Belstead, Esq., table for April. The presentations to the Museum were as follows 1 From J. W. Graves, Esq. An English fox (Games values), prepared and mounted ; two specimens of the Banded Grass finch Poephila cilicia.) 2\. From M, Allport, Esq. Eggs and young of Dog-fish. [Those were the eggs of the common Bpinod Dog-fish of the Derwent, taken from a specimen 4 feet long caught by Mr. M. Allport off the Iron Pot lighthouse. When fresh taken these would have been admirable objects for micro- scopes investigation, as the umbilical cord, by which the young fish is attached to the yolk of the egg, is of such a length that it could easily have been placed across the field of the instrument while the fish and egg remained in water ; the circulation through the large vessels would thus have been easily observed. As an instance of the wonderful vitality of immature forms of many creatures, those eggs were remarkable, the small fish attached to one of them exhibited lively motion after being removed from the parent fish, and remaining on the dock of the vessel for nine hours. The smaller blood vessels, spread over the surface of the yolk like rivers on a map were very clearly shown on these specimens when fresh.] 3\. From Salmon Commissioners. A young Salmon Trout (Salmon native), found dead in the breeding pond at the River Plenty. 4\. From His Excellency Colonel T Gore Browne. A specimen of the artificial stone of which the new Wesleyan Church at Launceston is built. church at 5\. From Mr. Allison, Oatlands, two bkcV magpies. Strepera fatigues.) 6\. From Mr. G. Joseph, Single Hill, a0Ool Fiddes Australis.) "'scoot. 7\. From Mr. T. Wise, skull of seal 8\. From Mr. T. Oldham, a spur-winged Plover {Labwanellus Hiatus.) 9\. From J. Beamont, Esq., specimens of printed and written official documents in the colony, dated 1817, fee. 10\. From G. Gellibrand, Esq., sample of coal from Grey River, New Zealand. The SECRETARY read a paper by Sir. E D Harrop, of Launceston, " on Desmidiacek with a list of species found in Tasmania." Accompanying it were numerous and very well executed drawings (by the writer) of these minute forms of vegetable life. The paper was listened to with great interest, and will appear in the transactions of the society. In reference to the very able paper of Mr Harrop, Mr. ALLPORT stated that one very strong argument against the Desmidite belonging to the animal kingdom in which they have by some naturalists been included-was the entire absence of anything like a digestive cavity. Mr. Allport also observed that many, and probably quite new varieties of the Desmidke were to be found in the salt swamps of the colony. Mr. ABBOTT suggested that when Mr. Harrop's paper was printed it should be forwarded to the Royal Microscopical Society of London, who he thought would print it in their journal, and at the same time illustrate it by engravings from the drawings. This society could then procure a copy by applying for it. The SECRETARY brought forward a command cation from Mr. A. Biggs of Bothwell, on a method of making microscopic measurements " for which Mr. Briggs claims some advantages over those in general use. As, however, the hour fixed upon for the microscopical soiree was now approaching it was determined that the reading of the paper should be postponed till the next meeting, when it might obtain a more lengthened consideration. The thanks of the meeting were given to the donors of presentations, and a special vote was accorded to Mr. Harrop for his valuable contribution. The meeting then terminated, and the Fellows proceeded to the microscopical exhibition in the large room of the museum. Here a number of microscopes, each supplied with a variety of objects, were collected. Mr. F, Abbott, by means of a powerful standard instrument, brought under notice many exquisite forms of the first order of dintoraacero, also beautiful specimens of marine plants parasitic upon algae and zoophytes, together with many other objects of great interest. Mr. Abbott also contributed a large number of enlarged photographs of microscopic objects beautifully executed by Dr. Maddox. Another instrument shown by Mr! Abbott was a dissecting microscope on the plan adopted by the celebrated Darwin, and fitted with the large double designed by him and used in all his experiments. Under this power was exhibited a series of metallic objects. With another instrument of binocular construction Mr. Abbott, junior, shewed a choice, series of botanical sections, chiefly colonial. Mr. Morton Allport contributed one of the most beautiful objects of the evening in the vortex globator, of which the incessant rotatory motion and delicate traceries were well displayed, and excited general attention. Mr. W. Stone exhibited rotifers and and melodies from rain and pond water, some of which were magnified to 480 diameters. Numerous crystals of salts under the varied and beautiful changes produced by polarised light were exhibited by Mr. W. Knight, junr. j and Mr. Napier also shewed many crystals under similar circumstances, together with some forms of minute animal life, such as polyzoa, (te. , Mr. T. Westbrook provided a binocular microscope, and showed a variety of selected objects, Mr. Legrand exhibited for the society specimens of forumiuiforw collected by himself at Sandy Bay-also spores of ferns, which were examined with great interest by most of the visitors present. The society also furnished an interesting collection of the hair and fur of indigenous animals, also a number of objects illustrative of insect structure, with microscopic photographs, etc, The meeting broke up about 10 o'clock, when the numerous visitors departed highly gratified with the exhibition, which had been organised expressly on their behalf. 