Many important discoveries in medical matters have been accidentally made by non-professional men—the Cæsarian operation in midwifery, for instance, was found out by a German pig-killer. We have to record the discovery of a new remedy for lumbago. On Saturday evening last a shepherd from Nangus, sorely afflicted with this ailment came into Gundagai to seek advice, and proceeded to Webb's Commercial Hotel previous to so doing. While there, probably to alleviate his pain, he imbibed sundry nobblers, and finally found it expedient to recline for a period on the sofa of the parlour behind the bar. Arousing himself after a little while, he detetmined to leave the house, but for some unexplained reason resolved to make his exit by the window. He probably was not aware that owing to this being "a city set upon a hill," although you may enter a room from the street the other end of it is many feet above the ground, and therefore, having crawled through the window he was precipitated with a violent shock to mother earth, and lay there stunned and motionless. He was picked up and put to bed, and although still very stiff and sore from his bruises, the shock has quite banished his lumbago. We suspect the remedy he has discovered is too violent to become popular. Our correspondent at Echuca, (says the 'Pastoral Times,') informs us that the wise men of the common council there have deter- mined, on applying to the Melbourne Govern- ment for permission to put a toll on horses, horned cattle, and sheep passing through Echuca for the Victorian markets. If successful, it will only lead to reprisals on the part of the Sydney Government. With regard to the late assaults on the editor of the 'Wagga Wagga Express' the 'Yass Courier' writes:—We understand that the action for assault—Hawkins v. Thompson 'pere et fils'—will come on in the Supreme Court at Sydney this term; damages laid in both cases at £1000. The Melbourne 'Argus' reports the follow- ing singular and fatal accidents. An accident occurred in the Moyne River, by which two men have met their death. A boat, in which there were three men, capsized by the mast striking against the bridge, and one of the men was drowned. A young man, named James Fletcher, whilst dragging for the body, overbalanced himself, and was also drowned. The 'Western Post' notices the arrival of Mr. Spencer and Mr. Samuel, M.L.A., at Gudgegong, for the purpose of making ar- rangements for the working of the cinnabar mine. From the assay made in Sydney of the oxide of mercury, it appears that 75 per cent. is pure quicksilver, and with the vermillion obtained, the mineral is worth nearly £250 per ton. An extraordinary case of mistaken identity has occurred in Victoria. About two months ago, a man was found dead or dying in the verandah of a house in Hotham. At the inquest subsequently held upon the body, a number of persons testified to its being that of a man named Collard. A verdict of death from apoplexy was returned, and the friends of the deceased in England were written to, informing them of the event. Last week the man Collard appeared in Hotham alive, and in his usual health, after some months sojourn in the country. The terror of the female mem- bers of the household where he presented himself was extreme, until he had satisfied them he was real flesh and blood, and not a ghost. This seems to have been one of these curious instances of personal resemblance that are sometimes read about in novels. The genuine Collard has taken steps to establish his identity as he has been in the receipt of an annuity, which of course will have been dis- continued on the news of his supposed death. James Henry Kemis, son of a Melbourne merchant, has been committed for trial at the city court in that metropolis for bigamy, or rather poligamy, the evidence showing he had married three times and on each occasion deserted his victims. His last marriage was contracted with a young widow named Moore. He succeeded in getting into his hands a sum of £200 which she possessed, and for which, it seems, he married her. The 'Ballarat Star' narrates the adven- tures of a vagabond named Reid, or McPherson. He called upon a publican in Buangor, stating that he was about to be married and wished the host to provide a first class entertainment for his friends. As he mentioned the name of a respectable female known to the landlord he was believed, and obtained present drinks to a considerable extent. Reid subsequently re- peated this performance at another hotel, and afterwards proceeded to a hut, the property of Mr. Strand, where he passed the night. Next morning he decamped, having stolen a bank-deposit receipt of £35, and some valuable papers from the pocket of one of the men who slept in the hut. The rascal was pursued by a constable, and after a long and arduous search was found in an old hut in the Beaufort ranges, relating to a traveller who was camped there that he was going to Melbourne to receive £6,000. The Ballarat police have made a raid upon Chinese gambling house and have secured fifty-four prisoners. Trusting to the generally pacific character of the Celestials but a small body of police were told off for the duty, but the gamblers resisted desperately, and it was found necessary to procure reinforcements. Relative to future snagging operations in the Murrumbidgee, the 'Wagga Wagga Ex- press' states that on his recent visit Mr. Moriarty, accompanied by Mr. Labatt, took a boat at Mundarlo and came down the stream as far as Borambula. On two of the shoals on this portion of the river several stumps of trees were revealed by the lowness of the water, which the clearing parties had over- looked, and those Mr. Moriarty directed to be removed. After this has been effected the work of snagging will be immediately com- menced below the Company's Bridge, and will be energetically proceeded with during the coming summer, from that point downwards towards Narandera and Hay. The small uncleared portion of the upper river still re- maining between Gundagai and Mundarlo will be let to a contractor, and it is hoped by the time the navigable season sets in, that from Gundagai to Hay the whole length of the river will sufficiently be cleared to admit of the safe and easy passage of steam boats. A man named Baker has been fined at Yass for disposing of books, knives, and other articles to boys by menus of a wheel of for- tune. 