, omM$MM$H¿¿MWk) .Ú'FHOM.OÚR OWN CO'UBISSPQNCEXT.) ?J.-r/V 3ij;l,!ío.'.. , , .c.PARIS,>RBB:'27J j^Ôic""^^ interesting news, ''as forces regard "*'the,situation abroad, is that from America, whence New York telegram of the 23rd Inst; apprises us of a crisis as being immi spirit at "Washington.' An order of the President of the United State's has for the second time dismissed from his post Mr. Stanton, . the Secretary for the War, Department, who, I in his turn', has communicated the President's order to the Senate, by whom a resolution has been passed declaring that the dismissal is > illegal. The House of Representatives, in their turn, have introduced a new resolution in favour of the impeachment of 'Pre'si- i dent Johnson, which, resolution has been re- ¡ ferred to the Committee of Reconstruction. It is difficult to make out by what motives (the President in these circumstances is actual dated. By good fortune General Grant, whom he had sought to win over to his side, appears to have remained strictly true to his constitu- ! tional duties and by this attitude of the i honourable commander-in-chief of the army, I any attempt of the Executive power against Congress is deprived of all chance of success, should, peradventure, any idea of the kind enter into the head of President Johnson. '"In the Mexican Republic civil war has once more broken out, or rather continues. The son of Vidaurri, the son of Maria, and the brother of Miramon, have made themselves masters' of the provinces of Durango and Monterey,' and every day sees new competitors for power rise up against Juarez, who has lost all his prestige since the departure of the French. So long as the stranger told the Mexican soil, the President, defeated and a fugitive was looked upon as the chief of the nation. "Now that he is triumphant and master of Mexico, he is only the chief of a party. Turkey is, as ever, in a turmoil, and hourly threatened by a general rising of the Christian, Greek, Servian, and Roiim'an populations, who tend openly to make themselves independent of the i Porte. The Western Powers, moved by a well-grounded mistrust of Russia, seek to ward off the impending crisis, which Russia, on the contrary, would fain ghosts. They endeavour to check its on ., ward progress, but without in anywise de- luding themselves, I imagine, that there is the slightest possibility of maintaining the status quo. Did old Pam. himself, who all his life was a fervent upholder of the Turks, believe in the duration of their empire 1 In- credulity is lawful in this respect, when we call to mind a certain breakfast which he ,, shared at Florence with Lord Normanby, Some beautifully fresh oysters were served up. "Excellent," said Lord Palmerston. . i " There are two things in this world which -'are irrevocably doomed to be swallowed fresh oysters and the Turkish empire." I In Italy the situation is becoming less perplexed. The announcement of the Prince Royal's approaching marriage with his cousin, the daughter of the Duchess of Genoa, has pro re duced a most favourable impression on the " public, and revived the popular affection for the of dynasty of Savoy. The wedding ceremony is to take place at Turin in the second week after Easter, and will be guided by the pre sence of the two sisters of the heir-apparent -Her Majesty the Queen of Portugal, and the Princess Clotilda, the wife of Prince Napoleon. After the ceremony the bride and bridegroom will go to Florence, and thence to j Naples, where they are to take up their residence. It is rumoured also that King Victor Emmanuel will avail himself of this circumstance to create an Italian order of knighthood, the order of St. Maurice and St. Lapants belonging more especially to Savoy, like the dynasty itself that derives its origin from the ancient Dukes of Savoy. The new order is to be called " La Colonna d'Italia." | The relations of Italy with France, have again become friendly. The Mcnabroa Ministry is here in high favour, on account of the success with which it upholds the cause of order and the French alliance, and our Government has taken into serious consideration a note addressed to it by General Mena brea, complaining of the intrigues and ma- louvres of the ex-King of Naples, who, from the PalazzoFainese, whereby is still residing, is over impelling Sicily and Calabria to rise in insurrection. Observations have been made to the Papal Government with a view to put an end to all this plotting, and at the same time the Separatists have been apprised that they are not to rely either on the support, or the sympathy of France. General de Fairly has come back to London with the artillery and engineer stalls of the expedition. We have at present only one division in the Roman territory, under the ( command of General Dumont, and I will add that even that is a great deal too much. ¡ Spain is in high glee. The Pope has conferred on Queen Isabella the Golden Rose! Now, you must know, if indeed you are ignorant of it, that the Golden Rose is the most magnificent gift which the Sovereign Pontiff can confer on a crowned head nor had any Spanish sovereign since the marriage of Philip II, the grandson of Louis XIII been honoured with this precious distinction. You will perhaps remember that it was conferred on the Empress of the French at the birth of the Imperial Prince. The ceremony of, the delivery of the Golden Rose to Her Catholic Majesty was celebrated with great pomp in the Royal palace, in the presence of the most eminent personages of the court and state. , In Portugal the state of affairs has all of a sudden taken a critical aspect. Popular manifestations have broken out in several parts of the kingdom, and an attack has evenijeen made against the detachments cav ally which escorted the King and Queen on their return from Villas across to Lisbon. This incident has greatly disturbed the youthful monarch, . who w would seem to entertain the most gloomy forebodings as to the future prospects of the monarchy. This alarm is doubtless exaggerated. However, the measures recently adopted at Lisbon, the dissolution of the Chambers, the revocation by an order in council, and without Parliament being consulted, of taxes voted in the foregoing session and since repeated, in obedience to the pressure of popular opinion ; the spirit of the army, which would fain impose conditions on > the Government in exchange for its fidelity all these things awaken in men's minds the > darkest of forebodings, and prove that the revolutionary stone is ready to burst over For time). i I i Prussia-who would believe it has ceased 1 for a while to be the subject of men's talk. Is it because Herr von Bismarck has for a ii willie abandoned their helm, and requested of the King a temporary leave of absence? This same leave of absence has given a rise to [all sorts of commentaries and surmises. The i simple truth is,, however, that the health of the Prussian Minister is far from good, and i requires the greatest care. The count has been subject, ever since 1863, to a most painful nervous complaint, brought on by too even a stunt labour, and his ph>!>ieiaus nave pic seemed to him a few weeks' absolute rest. J It is said that the eminent statesman fills up the very few leisure hours left to him by the public affairs in drawing up a memorial, i orliather in writing his own memoirs, are lating to the recent events in which he has played so. prominent a part. , The news from Algeria is still heart-rend ing Famine and disease continue to dec mate the native population. The Emperor is deeply moved by the disastrous state of our 1 colony the solicitude of Government is laWakenod by-it; and a vast project of ' Algerian colonisation is now being seriously and actively examined at the War Office: but all this brings no remedy to the evil of '" to-day. i ' Turning away our eyes from this melancholy sight, and coming back to France, to Paris -we will say a word of the great anniversary of that revolution which twenty years ago the 24th February, 1848) threw down the >' throne of Louis Philippe, and prepared in france the accession of the Second Empire. >' That revolution gave birth to a Ministry which, though grievously slandered since that period, being called upon after two months' duration to give an account of its doings to the sovereign assembly, was able to prove with well-grounded pride, that they had maintained order everywhere, won for the Republic the respect of all foreign powers, established in France the greatest liberty ever enjoyed by the French nation, proclaimed universal suffrage, pulled down the political scaffold, and abolished slavery throughout the French colonies. Then, alas ! came the evil days, and a terrible and bloody insurrection was followed by a formidable reaction, which )}ayçû"thc way to-our present Government. The country distracted' wiÜiVaffright/thfOiV itself in to the arrns,,of,á'dictatór,'\únd liberty disappeared and now she is painfully struggling to rise again A slow, but resist- less impulse, bears along every one of US, nor will it cease to urge . us onward until France is once more in possession of those necessary liberties ' so exactly described by M Thiers., It would seem that the Government itself, yielding to the mute pressure of public opinion, has been induced to take a first step in this newly-opened road, by presenting the new law for the press ; but the debates have scarcely begun, and the GoVenment, beset with terrors of all kinds, stop short, and seems as if it would fain turn back. It is not, then, sur- upon thing that the debate, after having engrossed more than twenty sittings, has not yet come to an' end. Placed' between the majority, secretly hostile to the law, deeming it too liberal, and the minority, who do not think it liberal enough, the Government is evidently in a puzzle, and would be glad to withdraw the bill if it dared. The interest shown by the public in the discussion of the law is a sure sign of the revival of liberal ¡ ideas in France, nor am I the only one nor the first to decry it and I am glad to see that this revival has been remarked and applauded by a certain number of the leading papers of England that take an interest in these proceedings. I Our own papers for the last three weeks I have been busied with nothing else, and every morning comes out a host of articles pro and con., in which the question is considered in all its bearings. After the papers, I pamphlets and essays go their round. One of the best is that of Alphonse Karr, in which the author, who combines great good sense with much wit wit of that kind which our insular neighbours style humour,- under- takes to prove that all those Governments ? who have sought to tie down the press have been manifestly in the wrong first and foremost, because they cannot. All have tried more or less ; all means had been resorted to, but all without effect. One of the expedients tried was " censure before publication " (la censure preventive). Certain gentlemen were charged with the reading of the proofs, and marked in red ink the articles, passages, or even wards held by them to be dangerous. The papers obeyed, but did not fill up the words, passages, and articles thus suppressed, leaving them blank. Well, these blacks were more dangerous than any articles that could be written against the Government, for no paper would ever have I dared to write, would ever have be- thought itself of writing, what the public put in their stead. In vain did Government endeavour to compel the papers to fill up the blanks, and needs must they gave up all idea of censure preventive." But (says the author of the pamphlet) even should the Government put down the press altogether, yet should it not do so, for its own interest is bound up with freedom of the. press-not a shortcoming, limited freedom, such as they are straining hard to give us at the present moment, but with entire freedom, limited only by such laws as apply to every citizen. And the following anecdote is given to support his argument. - , , I "I had, he says, a friend in office, an eminently clever man. Well, a fortnight after he came into office he no longer knew what was going on in public, because he was surrounded by a set of people, all friends of his, who had plotted together with a view firstly, to allow no criticism that might be unpleasant to his feelings to come to his knowledge ; secondly-not to allow him to be informed of the abuses committed under the shadow of the Government. "I inquired one day of this friend if he lead the papers. 'No,' he replied, "they make me an extract of them. I read it twice, and then I gave up reading it.' ' Have you lead to-day's extract?' 'No, you may look for it. I daresay it's on that table.' I ' ' I sought and found it. A certain number of eulogiums had been called in different papers all favourable to the party in power and the statement repeated over and over again that all was going on well, and that nothing was wanting to the happiness of the nation. " ' I can easily believe you don't read that 1 stuff: I'll come myself to- morrow morning and draw up a summary of what the papers say.' i MI . ' ? " I came the next day, and extracted, chiefly from the Opposition pi less firstly, those observations, criticisms, and just appreciations which deserved to be taken into consideration ; second, the erroneous appreciations, ungrounded assertions, and unjust, attacks, which required a reply. 1 "'Ah, that's something like, said my friend. On the morrow, I had a summary of the day's papers drawn up under my own inspection, and I left Paris. When I came back, a week later, ' Do you still read the summary of the papers';' I asked. 'No,' he replied, you were no sooner gone than my friends began again, to do their work as before, and so I began once more not to read the. Nor must we forget what befell the late Emperor of Russia, the father of, the reigning Emperor, in the outset of the Crimean war. He was persuaded he possessed an army well equipped with stores and ammunition- Experience cruelly undeceived him, and it is even said that illusion brought on his death. Another advantage which accrues to Government from the liberty of the press is, that it does away with the liberty of mar nearing, the liberty of those things which are whispered about, passing from ear to ear of those more reports which can be traced to no notice, and for which no one can be called to account, which specify nothing, and leave full scope for supposition more dangerous a thousand times than an accusation clear and precise, which may be grappled with, so to bay, bodily, and fought. in the open ' day'. This lost liberty, which so quickly de- generates into licence, which makes to itself weapons of everything which expresses itself by hints and insinuations, by secrets whis- opened in confidence-is more to be dreaded than the freedom of the press, even when carried to excess ; because it has neither control nor counterpoise, and whilst it leaves all liberty to attack, renders defence impossible. This it is which feeds the drawingroom opposition, so powerful in a nation like ours, la nation ever, ready to carp, and over ready to seek revenge in Rhyme and satire, when it cannot do so otherwise. But these rhymes give birth to revolutions, and there the danger lies. _ , | I purposely dwell upon this point, nor do! I fear to displease you by so doing, because, I know you aredeshousto be made acquainted, as exactly as possible, with the state of mind prevailing in France, and because I there discern one of the characteristics of this situation. I am satisfied; for my own part, that what is serious and disquieting in the present state of things arises chiefly from the absence of liberty. It is this want of liberty that gives rise to the thousand rumours which are life among the public, and which meet with the more credit as-they are less reasonable. These rumours in their turn produce a general mistrust, and, as a necessary consequence, the disquiet under which we labour. This disquiet is no longer contested by any body, and is proved by a stagnation of affairs which has never gone so far. The present rise of the funds is completely artificial, and it is not on 'Change that we must seek the proof, but in the balance-sheet of the Bank, which becomes more and more alarming every week. The difference between the bank notes in circulation and the metallic J reserve is to-day only eighty-three millions of francs, or £3,320,001). The total amount of the bank-notes issued is 1,192 millions of francs, and the metallic reserve rises at present to 1,109 millions (£47,080,000 and £14,300,000). Should' this increase of the metallic reserve continue in the same proportion only three weeks longer, the amount of bank- notes in circulation will be inferior to the metallic reserve, and we shall see the bank-note at a premium above gold. I - Add to all this'ahostofliltlecircumstances, trifling in themselves, but fraught with significance on account of their repetition, and which have been going on in the middle of Paris for the last five or six months. The Government is, to say' the truth, placed at home in nearly the same position as that in which its politics abroad have placed it, viz on the defensive-a situation which, irksome though for no matter what Government, is still more so for ours, based on a completely different idea. Except politics, everything is in a dead calm. The Carnival, which is just over, has been less lively, less animated, than the preceding year's. Is the late Exhibition the cause of this dulness, and is the winter doomed to atone for the frolics of the summer? Some people attribute it to the absence of foreigners ; but never were foreigners, so numerous. At the present hour all America from Paris. In the official balls the youthful republican ladies of the New World and in majority. Their husbands and wires through the halls of the auction mart, and carry off all the most valuable pictures set up for the highest bidder. A picture of thirty or forty thousand francs nowise frightens them and if some opposition is not made to the purchases made by these Yankees, all the artistical riches of old Europe will be swallowed up and lost in the vian view- museums of Philadelphia, Baltic mor.and New York. To. have and idea of the'modèrn"bdhool of painting we shall be obliged to cross the Atlantic. Lea has now begun, and the balls will be followed by religious concerts and concerts of all kinds, music supplying the place of dancing.' And it is a fact that music has become a part of our national customs. 7 A German lady of great wit, coming but one evening from one of our minor theatres, said, ironically :-" A nation that has invented the vaudeville will never be a musical nation." She was mistaken : a taste for musical mean for really good music has to-day become nearly as general in France as in Germany and neither at BeilinnoratViennais there to be found anything that can be compared as far as execution goes to our concerts of the "Conserve; toire." I appeal to those of your readers who have had the rare good fortune to obtain admittance to them, for it is not every one who enjoys that privilege, not even for money. Those subscribers who have a box or a seat for life, would not give it up for an empire. There they sit fixed in their seats, like Russian sol day's s at their post. ' To be entitled to hope for a seat anywhere one must be on the look-out for the death of the titular possessor, and it is with the Conservatoire de Musique" as with the 'Academic," to be admitted one unjust step over the body of a dead man. The Italian Theatre continues to draw full] houses, thanks to La Diva Patti, who hitherto have seen no rival star rise to eclipse her glory. The fifty-five representations given by her up to the present moment have produced 650 000. (£26,000), being on an average from ll,000f. to 12,000. a night (from £440 to £480) a sum which has been made by no singer of the present day. This success is not to be solely attributed to her admirable talent, it is partly due to the care she takes, in varying her performances. Since the beginning of the season she has made her appearance in fourteen different operas "La Sonnambula," "II Barbiere," "Lucia," "Linda," "Don Pasquale," " L'Elisir d'Amore," "Rigoletto," "La Traviata," "Ernani," "Don Desiderio," "I Puritani," " La Gazza Ladies," " Cnspino," and " Don Giovanni." She has Mill to sing "Marta," "Semiramide," "Giovannad'Aico," "Faust," and, "La Trovatore," which makes in all nineteen characters for her performances of this year. As to her marriage with the Vicomte de Caux, it is no longer sur le tapis ; the difficulties and the interests depending on her position as an artist, and her engagements with various theatres, have caused the marriage to be broken oil. The rumour had also been spread abroad that the family of the Vicomte de Caux was opposed to the match. But why should not the vicomte many the day, when a prince of the Imperial house of Austria, the Archduke Henry, marries a simple actress? This romantic marriage has caused a certain sensation in Germany. Mademoiselle Hoffmann was attached to know not what theatre of Vienna when the archduke saw and fell in love with her. They were secretly betrothed to one another, and at his solicita- tion she retired from the stage, and withdrew to her own home she was of a respectable family of the middle classes of Bavaria where she remained two years. Many advantageous proposals were made to her to induce her to return to the stage, but sheicjccted them, every one. It was imagined, however, that the romance would end there, so unlikely did it appear that the archduke would ever obtain the consent of the Emperor, and of the other members of his family, when on the 28th of January last Miss Hoffmann received a letter, request- ing her to hold herself in readiness to set out for Botzen, the residence of the arch- duke and to prepare her bridal dress a simple dress of white muslin. On the 2nd of the present month she received another letter, directing her to set out and in the evening of the same day Miss Hoffmann left her home, accompanied only by her sister, it having been strictly enjoined not to say anything to her friends and relations, the greatest secrecy being required in order to prevent all further obstacles. The bride arrived at Bergen on the 3rd ' of February, and on the 4th the marriage was celebrated in the chapel of the castle, in presence of an Imperial notary and of two witnesses officers attached to the household of the archduke. The case moreover, the new-fangled couple left for Innsbruck and Italy. The Archduke Henry is the fourth son of the Archduke Reimer, nephew of the late Emperor Francis I. He is thirty-nine years old, and Miss Hoffmann is twenty- six. At the Opera Comique a new opera of M. Auber, " The First Happy Day, is, together with the comedy, 31, to speak more fully, the drama, of M. Emile Augier, the great theatrical success of the new year. Nothing more charming, mortal flesh, more youthful, if I may say so, can be imagined than this new production of the illustrious maestro, to whom wcalieady owe "LaMuette de Forties," the "Domino Noir," "Fra Diavolo," the " Diamants de la Couronne," and so many other masterpieces, the glory of our French school. A few days before the performance, M Luber (who would believe it?) attained his eighty- seventh year the flower of old age, according to the system of M Flourens, which he justifies better than its author has done. He had already passed four score when, a few years back, Meyerbeer died. The tidings of his death were imparted to M. Auber with great precaution ; but he only said:-" All, poor Rossini It will be his turn next." Now, you will remark that Rossini is his junior by some ten or eleven years. The speech, cold and slightly cruel, depicts the man. He belongs to the school of Fontenelle, who used to boast that he had not shed a single tear in all his life. With this regimen of health he reached the age of a hundred, and M. Auber is capable of doing just the same. I shall conclude this with a few details on the new fashions for the year, which will serve to complete the particular I gave in my last (letter. The spring racing sea- son was inaugurated a few days since by a grand steeplechase at La Marche. All those fail ladieS Who are looked upon as the leaders of ton were present. Crinoline has disappeared, delivered by the hoops of our great great grand mother s. Fancy to yourself our degrees, with a wanderer each hip, holding up the trains of their dresses in the fashion of the allies galants of bygone times, having no negro page to carry them. Had it not been for the absence of powder, one would have thought we had travelled back to the days of Madame de Pompadour and Madame Dubarry. These first juniors, which cause a great noise and great numbers in the female camp, will impose themselves everywhere, and take the most extravagant forms. So it is with all new fashions. People are at first frightened at them, and then they are adopted, as 111 Parliament, by a unanimous vote. The papers are against nature, both in shape and proportion ; but fashion has the privilege to render admirable what is far from being so. Lace is coming more and more into fashion, and as it had long been thrust aside, it is only thought the more elegant on that account. The iirstbonnets, or rather the first coiffures, which have come out this spring has made of coloured blonde crystallises, with flowers to match. It is fresh and pretty, both for the marriage and for evening dresses. j 