WAHGUNYALL (from our own correspondent.) Friday, 6 h March. A masting of the inh ibitants of Wuh- gu >v»h," convened by adver:is->m3'it, an- yeariiig in another col nmn, will be li-.;l j- at the En pi re Hotel, lo- liv (Situm iv) for the purpose of taking immediate notion lo i ilae« di Gov annie it io eom- nv-nee-the erection of a Court House, in fa.filment of a promise soma time sine.- ln'idc. The meeting is expected to h- very numerously atteiiled," as it, h;rt become known that one of the Govern- ment officials, from personal motives, has born endeavoring 1 1 prevent the work being executed. Tiie \Valigiiovahites, however, api.ie.ir t > lie alive to their own interests, and d > not submit to a public, inconvenience just b cause mil official feels it wearisome to p iy an occasional visit to th -ir,: township. I shall, not enter into other reasons for this move ment, hut your raiders will be made aware of them in the report of the proceedings, which will ho duly forwarded to you. ' i Br Carr in Trourle. — "It will ha remembered, says .the Wage/a IVaqc/a Express of Saturday, "that the week bifya last the phrenoJjii-al . eleclro- liif)b)«oV.tl bfltiimrhr two fir thieeViWHces at the Mechanics' Institute. Before leaving .the towji on Monday-: week last, -he handed to the secretary .of the instituto a cheque oil fh'oBamk of- New South 'Wales, Sydney, in pa\ uieut for the rent of the room. The cheque was immediately passed into the Joint- Stock Bank of this town for collection, and, soon after this was done, the secre tary received a note from Dr Carr, asking him to bold over the cheque until "Wed nesday. Even if the sscietary h;idr been inclined to comply with the request, lie .could not, then-, have done so, as the' cheque had already passed out of his( bands, and was, ia due'eourse, presented. audv dislionoin ed. . Upon the receipt of this intelligence, 'a 'warrant' for'the appre hension of Dr Carr was immediately taken ont bv ;be authorities of' theansti-i tnte, and be is now upon Iris way to; "Wagga "Wagga, to answer the charge of passing a valueless cheque." -Novel Arrangement.— It appears,: says . the Gtpps Land Times, that Dr Warren has 'o ind Ms way to the Upper Dargo/.a place where no medical man lias yet had ilie hardihood to practic.1.- A census. has been taken computing the a iult papulation at 125 souls, an I these; have, 11 is said, agreed to contribute one shilhug per week each to guarantee the doctor a living, but they also require a guarantee 'bat he will remain. The arrangements a' e hot yet completed. If th -y ,con!d only induce the Doctor to remain tlp're until the winter s -ts in. the e would not be much danger of bis making Ins escape for some litnu to come. Mr \Y., Hand-; of Cheltenham, thus calls the attention of die. Morning Star to the delay in the delivery of the Austin- I lian mails iu Loudon : — "Will you permit, ine lo direct public attention to the very regret able delav of our homeward bound Australian mails at Alexandria. We ' L-arii by t-legraph that the mail arrived at Suez mi. May on Saturday, 3!)lh No- ; vembcr. and we are al-o informed by telegram I hat the boat in ended to bring to Southampton (he heavy portion of the above nuil had, o i 1st December, cmly arrived at Malta with the onward- hound Au trakan mail. Now, as it is three divs' voyage by steam from Ma' I a to ! Alex-ind ii. it follows tint, allowing one day for unloading and reloading, it will be the 5 k December bef>re the boat starts from Alexandria for Southampton. By Ibis delay live days are lost, sufficient | to bring the mails to England riu Hrin- 1 disi. I am constrained lo viite, calling : attention to Lids malt -r, as we very rarely ! receive our let ers ria Son hiunpton early enough to is ply by same moiuli's mails while our K-lteis are alma-t every mouth lying at Alexandria from two to i'o :r days waiting the arrival of MarseilK s outward mail, which should be started ea -lier." Parrots from" Cooper's Creek. — Two young parrots, of a description im- kn ovn to us. but promising to be rarv h udsouie, have lately been purchased by Mr N.-wsou, of Bceeliworih. What invests them with lno-e that ordinary interest is, tli.ii, they were brought from the vicinity of the grave of the gallant Li t il-i-fated Burke. The New M;ntxo Do van. — The first inee'iugof ilm Beech worth Mining Board, as at pros, nt consti. n'ed. will take dace on Tuesday, the 10th March, (be suc- ci-issuil eaudiuatos are Mess s Ward and Wa it for the Berahworth division ; M>' Smart" for the Yaekaudandah, and Mr Newnan lor the Mitta Mitta. Promotion. — We are glad to hear that Mr W. H. Gibson, who has had eleven years' service in the Penal Department, all of which he has pas-ed as a warder in the B/echwyth Ga<>, lr>s been promoted to the rank of ch ef olfi-er. in place of the Ia'e Mr D i- is, who died at his po»t. Mr Gibson has be n a most eff-ctivc and trad wo n by officer, and was, we believe, highly recommended for the. step by his superior officers. The Newtown Flour Mill. — This mill, situated on Spring Creek, above the Falls, befcweou Beech worth and Now: own. after various. changes of fortune — having first been a saw-mill, and once bad the most narrow escape from fire we evr remember to have witnessed —and after several times changing owners, has at lemitli — finally, we hope and believe — settled down imo the hands of Graham a id Wilson. A great number of ad ditions and improvements, about which they have been for some time engaged, are now completed, and tbev are now ready to receive grist, in any qnantii.v. We feel assured the enterprise and energy of this firm will bo cro.vned with j suecss. We only wish f.hem. now, and always, " more grist to the mill.". lvE- DISTRIBUTION OF .-MURE BoUDYRIES. ! — A movement is on foot to hare die 1 line of demarcation at the El Dorado. | betw-en the Beooh worth and N u-th Ovens Shires, altera 1, so nstoiuciule that township and suburbs iu the to an-r i 'L'he present, division is certainly a nio-'t inconvenient one, as one part of the tinvnslrp — even m some cases one por- ; tion of a single premises — is m the one ' Shire and the other in the other. We can only say that the Beech wor di Shire has expended a great deal ot money on the El -Dorado roads, and intend to ..spend more — on one bridge especially over the creek at the Kangaroo crossing plac which is esum ited to cost £80 J. As well a ; we remember the Government; in a similar case, seut- au official to tike the votes of all Lnose couccrne 1 m the locality which wanted the re-distnbiuiou, and decided accordingly. | SiANTixoDrcuLAR. — The W'Ughtngma- chinebelotiging o Crawford an 1 Conuohy looks at present iu a vervdrunken-lookmg state, and nrg'-it .pnssiblv topple down on s hiio of the ch l.hvn who so freq-i-mtly ol iv abo tfc it. Wj pre-mma that its caducity lias been occasions I by contact with some irrepressible bullock-druv. Rcjth'Crilen Kovd Board —Tiie annual election of nndito -S lor the above Board result ed in the seiectiou of Messrs:' Diniels and Eisterbv. Chiltsrv CniosET Club. — Agmsril meeting of this club will Da held at- the Crow Hitxlon Montlav evening next, at 8 p.m., the .meeting on Wednesday last i having lapsed for want of attendance. The Late Buining Match. — ;.Tho .friends of.Cnjinck.-ai'e not satisfied at ;his: late defeat with the celebrated Higgins, and. intend issuing another.. challenge. for" " £200ui fiide..the-iacQ-t«>- btfin n in Wan- 'giVratia.' ' ,'Tiie Wangaratt-a people are stili siingnine tlial (>nsa<-k -can run away , from . Higgine, and nttrihute his. recent defeat to over-training. HigginR-is to hol'dr.jimnlstoai' fori irumiirfg in Wang.iraita;; : £160. is . already snb- scrihed-, :,aiid --a i meeting- of -Cusack's backers -' takrs place this evening.. A rather awkward mistake crept into our telegram ns ! to the' Cliampiiin'rabe ; it was 'said 'that. Higgios stripped 9st lib. on this occasion, ."aiid lOst on a. former; occiisit'iK 1 AThpb -of course,' applied to- CnsackVthd tio't to Higgins. . :. . . . : The : Ovens" Gold Escort. — The quantity of gold taken from Beh worth v during iitheffiinonth ending 4th . March inst.. was 10i944<»z. 18dwt. ;15gr._dv; " A Ghost' roiiy. — Mr Lb Contenr, who "resides"; near the "Sydney Road, was startled sotnewhere in : Jjhe. . small hours, lot; Sunday morning ! tb.y ' tbe ; | niost' dismiil groaning Fearing some ; one ' lfad Xmekywi h ;an accident, Sir Le Confeur advanced to the place from wlience ... the poise proceeded. : clothed / " iii A'a-. ? lpns, = . white "./ night shirt bind ' white nigh. -rap, after the aho:ent fa-liibn which we remember in our bovliopd. v Suddenly,, as -he came' upon the spot sought, the groaning ceased, and a voice tremulous with terror asked him to" speak and ' tell him if it wee' a human form or a spirit that appeared before him. On Sir Le Con tenr applying bis slippar t > tha prostrate groamr. be started up and vanished like a streak of lightning in the direction of Bfipeli worth, to .replace, no donbt. the liquor which the ghost had so suddenly dissipated.- Gold and Tin Co.— A meetiug of flic shareholders of tlie Great -Extended El Dorado Gold and Tin Alining Com pany. t"ok pin oe at half- past, seven p.m. on the 3rd ins'nnt, at Craig's hotel, Ballarat. Tlie deed of association was fully gone info and adopted. Messrs John Ditchburn. Robert Ditchburn, M. Robson. John Hunt, and E. Morey. were elected directors to represent, the Ballarat shareholders. Mr T. H. Birdwell to represent Melbourne shareholders, and Mr J. M. Garret to represent. Geelong shareholders. Twentv apphca!i'>ns had been sent in for th legal managership, ont of which Air Pinnell was chosen unanimously, at £i 10s p-r week. Air Pinnell is required to. give hi > sole atten, tio-i to the hn-iness of tlie company. AB' J. Brrehe was chosen as reside t director, to reside at El Dorado, and represent the oomiva->y. Imin d'ate steps 'wore, taken for the regi-trat.i<»n ol the earn- panv. Th-re was a general feeling of satisfaction exoress-d by the large num ber of shareholders present, at the meeting, an-1 a desire was evinced f->r the immediate and vigorous pros -outioa of mining npsritinns. Boring apparatus has been bought, and will be forwarded nt once. Sn-p- will likewise be taken to got a 40 to 45 horse-power engine on the ground and also to provide for mining timber, otc., before the winter sets in. Nioht Watchman. — On Wednesday 1-ist tberu were no less t.b-m s'xteen ap- plicalio'is from re-idonLs in Oh litem to pa-firm t'«e dnt.v of niglit watehmar for a salarv of £2 p -r week. A person of the name of Ronghead was the fortnmite applicant, and we since hear that the choice is generally approved. Tnd.tgo Grand Junction Mining Com pany.— The manager of this company reports as follows? — Afarch 4. — Gentle men. — " Since my last report. No. 1 coss'-drive and the right hand-drive off No. 2 cross-drive has rcef-d — No. 1 on' the smith reef, and right-hail 1 on the no'th reef, which is the cause of tha .matdi'ne turning out so little g -Id fo-d iy, only 3uz lodwt. Tlioso twi) drives are. a distance of 300 fed. npivt, and hive proved the lead to he 200 f.et wide at No. 1 cross- drive, and 6") fiict at. right-hand-drive. I have opened a drive off the main d >\vn hill-drive, for the purpose of going do.vii the Dud as far as the reef will carry me. which I consider ah- nit 200 feet. This d-ivi! T have let by contract, at 9s pt-r foot. I am opening a drive off No. 1 cross-drive, which opening will be coinp'eted about S.utn "day, when it will be lot by contract. The cross- dnve off main down-bill-drive. running to incline- drive (and in reef) h is hcei.i driven 30 f©d during the week — I am, &c.;, It. ; M'C ni Hess, Al'ning Manager." A New Mining C oipxny. —Yesterday th-re avis registered at the offi.-e of the Arining Surveyor. Ghiltcrn. a claim for 210 nmn, on the Black Dog' lead, he- twoen the Lady Alanners Sutton and southern boundary of Hi- Exten led Sous of Freedom claims, f >r the formation of a c imp mv. Tun w is e fleeted by twelve lead ng man in Alelbmu-no. ; i GhilTeun Sunday School Anniver sary. -On Sundav. the Sth inst.. the an:i:vei-surv s-wices in connexion with th ; Ohibem Preshvp'rian Sundav Snhool will he piv-a-.bel in the- PreshA-t-rnin fin i h mm- nng and ev- mug. and on tha f d lowing I'nesdav . oven :n r a s-mve nv- !1 he given in the same nlac.d, \vp-n nn u-t is of everv denomination will ad liess the meeting, and the prizes for the vear be awarded to the children at tending the school. At the close ()i the services c dlections will lie made m a- 1 of the lihrarr fund. The interest >v!poh such a cause always awakens ivill un do ibtellv dia.v crowded congregations Sir C. Dmiltng as Ooveinor, N <3 1 YT. W e copy tlie . folio \ mg cu-tius p-iragrapn from last Satnr lav's 4 ' It wijl be. veru-imherod thnt same time' .smce Mr Ctrl well stated in tlm House of Co mums th it Sp: .Charles Darling w is deprived M his office of Governo-- iff Ar.cto,li. ivd, f a any breach of - thehiw, . b it bei-insehftlialwi itteu an m'emueiie letter lx-tLchng npou the post: ion and ch.ii.iid.ei of ssve al persons oeoupving public posir.mns iu the col.nv This stiit-un -nt ooeasioned som 'vsurprise, and as a s.gmficant comment npou it,we miv mention that:-. as oon;ast'ih became kn.nvn that Sn John Y mng ba-l tendered his i fSignaMou-; of the governorship of New South Wales, Sir Charles Darlim» applied for the vacant; post, but md with a peremptory refusal at the hands- of Lord Daib." . The Cricket Match. — The. foil owing 'is the list of pluytu'8' to confust fh Staii-. Iry against the Beechworth cricketers Cleirv (captain). Hughes, S. AViighK, Alcack. Webb, Birtlcsr-Skinnpr, rFifmi?, Hei'S," Collins, and Weldon. ..The belting in Staiilev "is favorable to the local feam, j.an'1 much iiiterest.is:iii!inifi3stedritf-ihi.v mffitw: altogether. , ' Game commences at ten a.m. sharp.';- p'"-" " Meetixg at Tarramuncte.— On Wed-; nesday last , one VsP the '.riiost. .pleasant ten meetings. ever held ; in- the district took- : place at the Church of England. Tari-'a- ayirige.e. s- ,T!ie.. -church was .tastefully decorated with -flowers ; andr. evergreens, and jvhen the- adies; had their tables -laid 6nD.waiiing. for the .word.' to be given to hbniit.was a sight llvat.a hungry person'' would. never forget, — nearly two hundred persons sat down to enjoy it.. After tea the tab.ies were removed. The building wii.-'soon crammed for the pabhc mi-'etingl ' Mr D.. H. Evan?, J.P., of Waugaratia, was, voted to the chiiir, and. in a. very' hmnorous speech thought. ."it; wasi .too much like double hanking to oall upon a iWangai-jitta man for a ciiairman .when thev had so man v realiv good, men of th urown. Mr Bradshaw read the report which was -adopted and carried mnani- mousiy. The Rev. .J. H. May - read a sacred -poem, ' The Ei-ast of B-dshazzViri-' which \yas a great .-treat, Addresses were then given hv t.ho Revs. C. Booth, J. R:' 'tirone. and . J. Thompson. , A hearty vote of thanks was aeconbd to the ladies, and right, well they deserved it. « Yotes of thanks were also given . to the rev. gentlemen 'f >r their kindness in coming' to address the meeting/which in some instances had been attended with great inconvenience. Mr Hubert Stanley pre sided nt the.htirmonimn, and favored the assembly with some fine selections from Handel, &e.; After a vote of thanks had bu-.n given to the chairman, and- the benediction pronounced by tlie Rev. C- Booth; the meeting closed, and thus ended a very profitable and particularly-' pleasant evening. A Prize Fight. — Seeing several, re spectable townspeople passing, our. office the other evening in buggies or- :.on horseback we saw o.ur , report er .specu lating on "what was up." to use a colo nial phras1, when a gmilemao entered onr office in a very mysfe-ious manner, and shutting the door a ked if we bad seen the cavab-ade. Of course the answer , was. an Irishman's, an enquiry, as to what th"v were about,' when our visitor assured us positively that they were going to wilness a fight. Aston- ishel at tliisb -yond nicasur--. on acooimt of 'lie respect ihilitv of the " parties," our e squiries wmre conducted ve-y cau tiously, so cah'ioosly in fhot that wo Avere entirely at fault. We li id almost- forgotten the mutter AA!ian the suno mysterious vis tor entered our office yesterday ev.mihg. and acting in the same manner intbrmed ns lhat!be fight had really come aft' lit Tarrawing;c. " but — he added as our rep or-or's p ncil fi.nv out " gentlemen it Avas a Tea Fignt. We did not kick bim out of flic office, as ho is a poor miserable looking li'tle d - — -- just like one of our own, but we owe bin) on". The Lath ALrs alrndlhtox. — The relict of the late. Art Al'd'lle'on was in tent- -d in the Benalia Cemetery on Wed nesday. She lias -been, if. anp -ars, lo-,4 snifiring from what is described as an hereditary consumptive disease. She leaves a family of three children, who are unfortunately ton yonn g to co- iduct the business bv Avli'oh Mr Aliddleton Rccnai-ilated a tolerable fortune, but which, it is ben'eved. o-msiderablA7 di minished subsequent v to his death. I Sale of Rvcs-FTorses — Air J. A. i Brown has sold the race-liorse AIoscow . I.i) Mr Spicer of Deniliquin. for the sum ot -£L0r) cash. Air Silas Porter has also sold Mulatto to the same purchaser fai th e sum of £50. i Be eg, uwop.ru Buidding and Invest- ! ment Society. — Tlie monthly masting of this society was ltel-l on Tbursdav evening. Iii- Honor Judge Cope in the chair. At the close of the meeting the chairman announced that the receipts were £321 14s. A sale of shares took place imm->diatelv afterward-, wbe i tlnve shuivs Were, sold at a premium of £29 and seven at £28. Benaf.lv Police Court.— There was = on casti before the Police Court for the last three or four days. Tiie Auctim wag sent do the lock- up for a sh a-t in car- . eeraiion for imleoent cxpo nr- opposi/e a tailor's shop in Bridge S r et. < Fenian Sympathissrs.; — An advcrB tisemmt info-ms us that on-to-mornny (Bun lay) a m -'-ting wiil be held at Rowdv Flat, Yaekan.land'ih, to ra;se funds tor the red- f of the wives :iud fami lies of the convicted Fenians in E!lf,. land and Ireland. If the object were a eha -itahle one we wmld heartilv endorse it, as we would . .tliat of fho digressed wile or taimlv (if an assa-- g n j'-hut- this moaftngl nm-uiihu t, — .tmns pymput'iy with the prpen-a tors of the m -st co a a. dlv an Ddmhobc il murlo'-sot nnai-nif-.l men -i up'v ..loi-ig"':their dnlv, and of- the ieckl--s si.inglit.-r of -wo n--u' a i 1 c .il li-.u. 1 > .-.-ii' Itj.-. even s mp ismo that Irishman had cjushs fbr disco-iteul at bona - and well \\\e know thev have at. b-ast one bitter cause, best ffis a thou sand indelible rem Nnbranc.es _t l!--.-. j, iVe 110 reasons for earn ing such feelings and associations here where all arc Vqnal, a. id w.ie.e su..b Sj.itim -nts should lia:-e lie. n bn.i .d iu the thirteen thousand miles, of oce iu which sepn- ares us from the unhiipm s\ and afci i£> abouudiu« evervw.aere in Eurnpe. .... Electoral Rhgisthvu. — The G»- vernoc, with the ad vie-, of the Ev ivffi Coanctl, 1ms been pleased to apooint J ih i Bl.teweiv Alvrtlebu-d. fco he'Elec toial Ri4nr f« the M tie Geek Division of the uvm. Diict and the T "1P ,hmoe' dur:nor the absence of d. VYoodhurn: ' application por patent p m inven tion - Sp-Ltfi atioua hive been de- p isited at the Goief - Becrebu-v's offi m Melbo .uaii, by tiie unlet men noncd per son, in anmrlauL- with the piovwoas of the Act 29 Victoria No. 240, intituled. Aii Act in tsmsahln.-e the Law cm-en in'/ Lelteis patent for Licentious, on the date mentioned,. viz: -Thomas Wilkinson of the Ovens district, tu tlie colony of Vie tona,. engineer, dor an invention of "Im provements in the construction of Stamper Bases" ; 19th February, 1868. 