THE DUKE OF EDINBURGH IN TASMANIA. LA-TING THE FOUNDATION STONE OP THE NEW CATHEDRAL BY H.R.H. THE DUKE OF EDINBURGH. WEDNESDAY, 8th JANUABY, 1868.; . At a ; quarter: past - ten a.m.. yesterday: the spirit-stirring sounds of martial .music might be heard from the Barracks, and a guard of honor consisting of 100 men of H.M.. 2-14th Begiment, commanded'tiy "Captain "Morgan, with Lieutenants WLidbourne an'd Ottley as subalterns, marched out. and down Macquarie-street, drawing up opposite St. David's, where already the citizens rare assembling, bent upon obtaining .good positions to view the ceremony 'of laying the foundation stone of the new Cathedral. The three stands inside the church inclosure were tastefully decorated with ferns, native cherry, and flowers, Over the triangles from which the -stone--was suspended -were -the Union Jack and St. George's Ensign, whilst .close, alongside, the Standard of England threw out jits ample folds and told of the expected presence of Boyalty. The" windows opposite and Webb's balcony were full of eager gazers, and—as the time approached the stands kept filling fast, mostly with_the fair sex, whose pretty faces, Aright xlrelseg : and bonnets (the prevailing colors— bins and white) gave a very gay appearance . to, the gathering. 'Outside the "crowd extended "feoDtt Macquarie to Collins-streets, the special •OMtables ho'weveiyhavinft nlmost a sinecure, for jk more* iprderiy hody of people than those of lokart'Town-fwould be hard to find. - Shortly before 11 o'clock, a stir amongst.ths people showed that, the Dnke's equipage WBB «»efi approaching, -and the greys came round tie ebm«f in beautiful style' landing His Boyal Highness at the .Cathedral • door amongst .4e •heen of the surrounding spectators, the guard presenting arms, the ' 'buglers' sounding the salute, and the ladies waving their handterofiiefa. and.clapping . their hands with all the ehVnnsiafim of loyal .subjects. . In the .carriage with HIB Sqyal Hig&nees; were His Excelleiicythe Governbr, Iiord Newry, ;and the Eon. Eliot Yorke. His Royal Highness was received at ^he entrance by : HIB Lordship the Bishop of Tasmania, the Venerable the Archdeacon, and twenty-five" clergymen of the Church of. England, and conducted to the platform prepared for the occasion.- In attendance besides the Prince's own suite were Colonel Grawford of the. Indian . Army, Majors Vivian and May cock 2-14 Hegiment, Captain Warren, Commanding Boyal: Engineer, : -and Lieutenant Lloyd, B.E. " _ We -also T noticed inBide ttie ' enclosure the Premier, Attorney-General, Hon. J. Mv W-ilflony M.L.C., Mayor of Hobart Town, B,. Walker, Esq., M.H.A., Aldermen Cook, and Belbin, Alfred Bisdee, Esq., Mr. H. Hunter," the local architect of the Cathedral, and several other gentlemen. THE PEOCESSION, R - ~ The clergy two and two who took up their places in a semi-circle round the stone, the Churchwardens, Messrs. Cook, Criblin, and Roberts, the Ven. Archdeacon Da vies, the Eev. F. H. Cox, the jBishop aud his Chaplain, bearing the Pastoral Staff. The Prince, His Excellency the Governor,-and the .Mayor .of. Hobart Town accompanied by a numerous suite. Immediately on the arrival of the -procession, the solemn service of laying ttfe'foundation" stone was commenced, the various prayers and versicles were said and chanted by the Bishop, the Archdeacon, the Sevs. P. H. Cox, and H. B. Broaiby; several psalms being chanted, and hymns sung'innder the .leadership of a numerous -choir, conducted by Mr. Packer. THE SE&VICE.; .. . The Bishop: ' - Onr help is.ip the name of the Lord: . Who hatli made lieaVen and earth. P'Lord,"hear our prayer: And let our-cry-come unto -Thee. The name of the Lord be praised: • Prom this time lortli Jar evtonore/ Allelmar ~ The, choir then chanted the Psalm. Quam dilecta ~ tabemacula, Ps. lxxxir. The Lord be with you. *:: "'And with thy,spirit. \- The Bishop—Let us'pray. H ' Christ, Lbrd,hc.ve have mercy mercy upon upon us. us. Lord have mercy upon uB. ..,! Lord's Prayer. O • Almighty Lord God, whom 'the heavens and -earth cajinot" contain, yet • Who disdainest not to dwell with Thy Church here on earth; Mercifully grant that all evil may depart from this place whereon we are about to lay the foundation of a house-to the honor and praise of Thy most holy Name; through Jesus Christ our Lord, Who ever lireth.and reigneth with -Thee, in the unity of the Holy Ghost one God, world without end. Amen. . Let us pray. N T ..A T..N. NI—IRT- C-P„ „F (F^ Whft iff* the brightness , of the Father's gloiy, and the express image of His Person; the chief eorner-sione hewn from the mountain without hands; the immutable foundation; Strengthen this'stone about to he ljSd in Thy Name; and Thou, Who art the beginning «>& the end, by Whom in the beginning God created all thimgs, we beseech Thee, the beginning, the increase, and the consummation of this our work, which is undertaken to the glory of Thy Name, who, with the Father and the Holy Spirit, livest and reignest one God, world without end. Amen. Almighty and everlasting God, mercifully be pleased to bless" this stone which we are about to place for a foundation in the name and strength of Him who is the tried and precious stone; and grant that all they who to the furtherance of this work shall have faithfully offered to Thee of their substance, may ever be preserved both in body and soul, .through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. Except the Lord build the House. Their labor is but lost that built it. The Bishop—Behold, I lay in Zion a chief cornerstone, elect, and precious. And he that believeth in Him shall not be confounded. The Bishop—The stone which the builders refused. Is become the head-stone of the corner. The Bishop—This is the Lord's doing. And it is marvellous in our eyes. The Bishop—Other foundation can no man lay than that is laid. Which is Jesus Christ. The Bishop—Praise ye the Lord. The Lord's name be praised. Christ is the foundation Of the House we raise; Be its walls salvation, And its gateways praise. • ^ May its threshold lowly To the Lord be dear, May the hearts be holy • That shall worship here. . On the Bock of Ages Besting broad and deep, When life's tempest rages, Here let passions sleep. Here may prayers and praises Never cease to rise, 'Till, thro' Christ, they raise us Nearer to the skies* Here may infants, laved In the sacred tide, Wash'd and cleansed, and saved, Live to TTim Who died; Here may children, praying In the Holy Place, Find, thro' hands conveying, God's confirming grace. Here may ceaseless pleadings From Christ's Altar rise, Through the intercedings Of His Sacrifice; Priests in service lowly OflE'ring here the Prayer That in " the Most Holy" Ever rises here. Here, Lord, may each token Of Thy Presence be; Here may chains be broken, Prisoners set free; Here may Light illumine Every soul of Thine, Lifting up thehuman - . . Into the Divine. Henceforth no more donbtings, Dreads, or dnll ^oloya- Lay the stone with shoutings, lift the gates with praise. Hands, tliro' God's bestowing, With oblations filled, Hearts with faith o'erflowing, " Let us rise and build." Praise to Go.d the Father, God the Saviour Son, God the Holy Spirit, \- - Mighty Three in One ! Let the whole creation, At His footstool fall, And in adoration, Own Him .Lord of all. Amen The Prince assisted by Mr. Hunter spread the mortar and the stone was lowered into its place by the contractor Mr. E. Wiggins. The Prince having.applied the level and mallet then said in a clear audible voice :— In the faith of JESCS CHHIST, we place this foundation-stone injthe Name of GOD the FATHER, GOD the SON, and GOD the HOLT GHOST. Ann. Amen.. .:-r , - -, , .. (!. The'Bishop. Here let true faith, the fear of GOD and brotherlyjoye ever remain: this place is _consecrated to prayer and to the praise of the most 'Holy Name of ; the Same our LORD. JESIIB CHRIST, Who ever liveth, with the FATHER, and the SPIRIT, one GOD, world without end. ; Ans. Amen. The Choir then chanted the Psalm. Kiaida m cut a ejus Ps. lxxxvii. • . Psalm C. _ All people that on earth do dwell, Sing ±o the LORI> with cheerful Toice; Him serve with fear, His praise forth tell, Come ye before Him and rejoice. The LORD, ye know, is.GOD indeed: Without our aid He did us make: We are His flock, He doth ns feed, And for His sheep He doth ns take. O enter then His gates with praise,' Approach with joy His;courts unto; Praise, laud, and bless His Name "always, For It is seemly so to do. For why ? the LORD our GOD is good, His «£icy_is-forjeyer sure; His truth at all times firmly stood, Anid shall from age to age endure. To FATHER, SON, and HOLT GHOST, The GOD Whom heaven and earth adore, From men and from the angel-host Be praise and glory evermore. Amen. HOLT .Archdeacon Davies : Let us pray. \ O GOD, Who art the shield and defence of Thy people, be ever at hand, we beseech Thee, to protect and succour the builders of this house; that the work which, through thy mercy, hath now been begun, may by their labour be brought to a happy end, through JESUS CHRIST, our LOBD. Amen. Prevent us,.Q LORD, in all our doings, with Thy most gracious favour, and further us with Thy continual .help; that in all our works begun, continued, and ended in Thee, we may glorify Thy Holy Name, and finally by Thy mercy obtain everlasting life; through JESUS CHRIST our - LORD. Amen. 1 OIGOD, Who hast built the living temple of Thy Church upon the foundation of the Apostles and Prophets, JESDS CHRIST Himself being the chief corner-stone; Grant unto the work of-Thine own hand§ continual increase of glory and spiritual strength, and daily make Thy people more meet for the eternal tabernacle of Thy rest in the heavens; through 3ESUS"C3B5ST our LORD, to whom, with Thee, O FATHER, and Thee, O HOLT GHOST, be everlasting praise and glory. Amon The Bishop : : The peace of GOD, which passeth all understanding, keep your hearts and minds in the knowledge and love of GOD, and of His Son JESUS CHRIST OUT LORD: and • the blessing of GOD Almighty, the FATHER,'- the' SON, and the HOLT GHOST, be amongst you and remain with you always. Amen ; At the conclusion of the ceremony his Lordship. ifie Bishop spoke as follows:—"I have to thank His Boyal Highness for the part which he has so kindly taken to-day, and performed in so busineBs-like a manner. It was becoming that.England's Church should receive this recognition from England's Queen in the person of her son. I have only now to beg you all for the credit of the colony, which has a good name to keep, to perfect what has been so hopefully begun. As I hare not time to enforce this duty by a sermon or an oration, I will do it by a text. That text is the motto transferred frcm the arms of Edinburgh to the arms of the B.oyal Duke. It is engraven upon that foundation stone, and the same words engraven also upon this trowel, give it a value more real than if it were .hestudd^d with -th^ jewels of a richer colony.- The words are '-Nisi Dominus, fru'tra."—Unless the Lord build the house, their labor is in vain that buildit." Churchmen, unless the Lord shall stir up our hearts to works of self-denying liberality, the Church of whicli this edifice is to be the material type will not prosper. Nonconformist biethren, you can without compromise of principle, contribute to a work built for the gloiy of our common master. Scottish Presbyterians, cur royal guest, who takes his chief title from your great city, appeals to you to save him from the humiliation of having begun a work in Tasmania which Tasmanians have not the heart to finish. Your Eoyal Highness has preached to ns a silent sermon to-day in that motto, which is the title to one of the psalms of King David, whose name this cathedral bears. In the name of the King of Kings I am sure that there will ascend from the hearts of all Tasmanians, of whatever creed, the prayer uttered in the spirit of that motto, that he may keep the ducal house, that magnificent trophy of British skill now floating upon Tasmanian waters, that it may return safely to the shores of the dear Fatherland. Not only that, we will pray that your Boyal Highness yourself may live true to the lessonB of your childhood and youthtime, and so pass the waves of this troublesome worid as to reach in safeiy the eternal shore, without wreck or hurt, and receive the reward promised to the true and faithful, the imperishable crown of everlasting life." At the moment .of the actual laying of the stone by the Prince the bugles sounded, and the guard of honour presented arms. The final blessing was pronounced by the Bishop holding his Pastoral Staff. Among the clergy present in Borpliees were the Eeva. S. Parsons, J. T. Gellibrand, A. Davenport, G. Banks Smith,. F. Hudspeth, C. J. Brammall, J. H. SmaleB, It. D. Harris, J. Buckland, L. C. Williams of Glenorchy, G. Wright of Hamilton, A. W&gn; of Green Ponds, H. Adams of Jericho, E. Adams of Deloraine, G. M. Wilson of Campbell Town, B.. Wilson of Bokeby, — Dunning of Queensland, E. Symonls of D'Entrecasteaux Channel," Gi~Eastman of Port Arthur, W. W. F. Murray of New Norfolk, E. Freeman, of Kingston.*' - -- Within the stone were placed copies of the Church News, Tasmanian Times, and Mercury of the day; also a number of the Launceston Times. The coins deposited were a halfsovereign. crown piece, half-crown, florin, one shilling, sixpence, fourpence. threepence, one penny, half-penny, and farthing.. COPY OF INSCRIPTION ON A VELLUM SCROLL PLACED rbT A LEADEN BOX WITHIN THE STONE. This Church designed to be the Cathedral Church of the Diocese of Tasmania," and also the Parish Church of St. David (replacing an earlier structure' founded in 1SI7), was solemnly founded on the Sth day of Jauuary, in the year of our Lord 1868, by His Boyal Highness Alfred Ernest Albert, Duke of Edinburgh, Duke of Saxony, Prince of Coburg Gotha, K.G., K.T., His Excellency Colonel Thomas Gore Browne, C.B., being Governor of Tasmania; the Bight Rev. C. It Bromby, D.D.,the Lord Bishop of Tasmania; the Venerable B. B. Davies, B.A., Archdeacon of Hobart Town; the Venerable Thomas Retbey, M.A., Archdeacon of Launceston; Sir Valentine Fleming. Chancellor of the Diocese; Win Lambert Dobson, Esquire, Church Advocate; John Harrison, Esquire, Registrar; the Bev. Frederick H. Cox, B.A., Incumbent of St. David's Church; , the Rev. Henry Bodley Bromby, B_A^ Assistant Curate of the same, and Chaplain to the Bishop; Henry Cook, Thomas Giblin, and Henry L. Boberts, Esqs., GEORGE FREDERICK BODLET, Architect. HENRT HUNTER, Local Architect, and Superintendent of the Works. INSCRIPTION UPON THE STOKE. : In the Name of the Blessed and Undivided Trinity And under the Dedication of Saint David, Archbishop and Confessor.' This Stone was laid by His Boyal Highness ALFRED ERNEST ALBERT DUKE OF EDINBURGH, On the eight day of January, MDCCCLXVHL Gloria Tibi Domine. The singing from the well-trained Choir was very effective. The --t. David's Sunday School children joined ia and shared the same gallery, the girls above and the boys below. This gallery with the large . public stand- .facing Murray-street, and a smaller piriform looking towards St. David's, was occupied by ladies chiefly members of Clergymen's families, ami formed three sides of an open square, the "Stone) surrounded by the. Prince* the ,Governor and. Suite, jbeinjg in the centre. Before the' Bishop gave the final, blessing, he invited offerings from . those' present, the Churchwardens holding plates for that purpose as the company departed. No doubt a11 echoed the reasonable aspiration of the Bishop that the structure commenced under such auspicious circumstances may be completed as speedily as possible, and prove, as the'elevation promises, au ornament to our city, and worthy the great, purpose for which it is intended. It is to be hoped then that each and all will lend a helping hand to the work and contribute according to their means, as the'amount already subscribed, or promised, is stiil very far short.of . that required. The guard again presented arms as the Prince entered his carriage and drove away amidst loud cheers from the assembled crowd. 