THE ANGLICAN CHURCH. The Visitation of the clergy of the Church of England within the Diocese of Sydney took place on Tuesday, the 4th of August, at the Parochial Church of St. Andrew (adjoining to the now Cathedral), and was very name rously attended. Several clergymen, unable to attend from illness or other urgent causes, sent letters or mes sages in explanation of their involuntary absence Morn- ing prayer was said by the Rev. Thomas O'Reilly (the clergyman at present in charge of St. Andrew's Church), Mr. Younger officiating as organist. The Bishop of Sydney and Dean Cowper occupied the north side of the altar, the Bishop's chaplain (the Rev. R. L. King being placed in one of the corresponding Boats on the southern side of. There was a large congregation, composed of the laity and of clergymen from the adjacent dioceses of Newcastle and Goulburn. Morning prayer having been concluded, the Very Rev. the Dean of Sydney ascended the pulpit, and preached the Visitation Sermon, taking his text from Acts xx. 28, "Take heed therefore unto yourselves, and to all the flock, over which the Holy Ghost hath made you ever seems, to feed the Church of God, which he hath purchased with his own blood." After the sermon the Dean left the pulpit, and having re-entered the chancel, directed the Registrar (Mr. William Harker) to col over the names of the licensed clergymen of the Diocese of Sydney. This was accordingly done by the Registrar in the usual form, and responded to by the clergy. THE BISHOP'S CHARGE. The Bishop then delivered his charge to his reverend brethren. Since the previous visitation the diocese of Goulburn had been formed, with most happy results, the cause of religion, education, and the interests of the Church having received a great impulse by the appointment of his right reverend brother the Bishop of Goulburn. Provision was now also being made for endowing the proposed diocese of Bathurst, and already some assistance towards the fond had been received from the Western districts. The amount at present subscribed was upwards of £7000, which; however, must be largely increased before an appointment could be made. The diocese of Sydney would then be brought more within manageable limits, and portions of the colony, it was now possible only rarely to be reached by the Bishop, would enjoy the visits of the chief pastor. They had to lament the sudden removal of the Bishop of Grafton, and to trust that there would be raised up a faithful successor to him whom God had taken away. They had also to deplore the deaths of two of their senior clergymen in the Sydney Diocese the Rev. T. Hassall, and the Rev. H. B. Styles. Other changes had likewise taken place. Four of the clergy had returned to England, and, though prepared for some of these removals, they were not the loss to be regretted. The Rev. E. Byngo (formerly Bishop's chaplain was now labouring among a large population in the North of England. The Rev. W. Hodgson, late Principal of Moore College, had also returned, after a twelve years' residence in the colony, having during that time, by valuable labours, contributed largely to the body of the clergy. The place of the Rev. W. Hodson, as Principal of Moore College, had been supplied by the Rev. R, L. King. There were at present ton students in the college, of whom six were for the diocese of Sydney. The third session of the Synod was now about to be opened, and he might say he was quite satisfied with its constitution and mode of operation, feeling assured that the Church did right in obtaining the sanction of the Legislature to the method they had adopted of managing their own affairs. The Right Rev. Prelate then proceeded at some length, to speak of the two rival theories held by clergymen and lay members of the Anglican Church-the party" who held the one theory seeking to restore the Church to its position before the Reformation, the upholders of the other theory desiring to carry out the views and intentions of the Reformers. The Bishop of London and the Bishop of Carlisle were quoted with approbation as supporters of the latter view ; it being assumed that such as held the former were not true and consistent members of the Church of England. This matter was noticed chiefly for the sake of of observing that it was their duty to keep within the limits of that usage which the general practice of the Church of England had sanctioned for the last three hundred years, eschewing the use of vestments, incense, and other things not so sanctioned, and such a construction and decoration of the communion table as would convert it into an altar a term which, the Bishop said, was not known in the formularies of the Church of England. The right Rev. Prelate exhorted his brother to give no countenance to these things, and stated his determination to uphold that grave and decent order with which the services of the Church were conducted in his diocese. Their position was that of ministers of the Reformed Protestant Church, and in case of doubt or difficulty they were bound to fall back upon the views of the Martyr Confessors of the Reformation, to whom they owed a far deeper feeling of reverence than was due to any guides the Church had had since the days of the Apostles. The Book of Common Prayer was their authority and manual for public worship, and was neither to be altered nor departed from. A hope was expressed that such proceedings might be taken against Dr. Colenso, of Natal, in the Courts in England [those, it was understood, in connection with the Bishops of London, that decisive steps might at length be taken, and that party " be brought to trial for his heretical teachings, and thus a great scandal , removed." It was thought that the publication of Dr. Colenso's heresies in England would afford such an opportunity. The authority for deposing the heretical Bishop was declared to rest in the Crown alone. The members of the United Church of England were our nearly invited to remember the Irish portion of the Establishment in their prayers upon which evil times had come the " Irish Church " being in danger of being sacrificed to gratify personal and political ambition. The Irish Church was strenuously defended by the Prelate, who stated that of late years that Church " had contained men distinguished for an ability, zeal, and self-denial not surpassed in any Church in the world, and remarkably free from those errors at present invading the Church in England." Turning to matters more immediately affecting; the ministerial character, he reminded his brethren of their duties as to the saving of souls, and exhorted them to preach Christ cruci- fied, and to have confidence that God would aid them with guidance and grass ; bearing in mind that they were men of one book the Bible. The charge concluded with some remarks upon the special duties of the clerical callings The proceedings were brought to a close by the Bishop pronouncing the benediction. 