ROUGH NOTES OF THE WEEK. Bv Candid What -with the Easter holidays, the races, ind the circus, to say nothing of the theatre, the people have unquestionably managed to »nioy themselves durine the past ?week. But thereby hangs a (ail. I say this on behalf of ;he horses; for I observe that the enjoyment )f the biped is generally a very heavy tax ipon the quadruped. Of course we must lave our races; and at the circus Mons. Buffoon (the great naturalist) will prove plainly enough that without equestrianism the world (his world at least) would cease to jo round, and that the abolition of his canvas ient would actually sweep away one of the poles of the universe. Still in spite of ill this, the horse, which is an animal of nuch intellect, has a great deal to complain if as regards his present position; aud it svould not be wise to overlook this now that tiorseflesh is becoming so ravenously sought ifter in the mother-country. Let the noble miinal, then, speak for himself, which he seems well able to do ; for it turns out that the recent meeting on Pinkerton Plains, instead of being a gathering of Fenian lonkeys, was in reality one of a scries of saucuses (not carcases) of overworked horses. Subjoined is a summarized statement of the proceedings from 'Our own Reporter,' an intelligent three-year-old, just broken in : — The meeting, which had been convened by a notice to Bell (this is the sporting publisher who is to be seen daily delivering his news viva roce in the streets of Adelaide), was presided over by Jowler, an old and respected resident. He said he wasn't n political character hisself, but he had once worked hard- pulling a dray full of voters— for the purpose of getting! one of the late Barossa members into Parliament, under the impression that Martin's Act would then become the law of the land. But now Martin himself had resigned-jibbed and bolted, in fact— (loud snorts) -and the Act was as Far oil' as ever. However, he would leave the matter in their handa, hoping that none of the speakers would kick over the traces or indulge in any of the disgraceful tricks which the inferior unimals t,ave way to when they held political meetings at the 'public-houses. (Loud pawing and horse laughter.) Docktail, a worn-out looking individual, then stepped forward and addressed the meeting. He was one of the real working class himself, and could speak feelingly of the great want of sym pathy on the part of their employers. Take his oirn case, for instance. Every day in the week he was hard at work carrying out bread and grocery, so that by the time Saturday night arrived he could hardly stand ; yet what was the first thing on Sunday morning? Why, before he had done his breakfast his harness was put upon him, aud he had to drag the whole of the family to chu:ch or chapel. (Shame.) Then in the afternoon he was forced to take the six children and the missis out for a drive, whilst in the evening again there was another trip to chapel, so that by the end of the day he was so knocked up that not even a feed of oats could tempt him to eat a single morsel. (Great sensation.) What he wanted, then, was a bona fide Travellers Act, which he undeistood was a law to prevent any horse travel ling on a Sunday that was hard at work every day in the wetk. (Loud cries ot 'That's it' and ' Bravo, oldJoBS.') Highbtepper (said that for his part he was as ready as anyone to strike a blow for their oats and their halters. (No chaff.) But good measures were ruoie desirable than extreme measures, tie would therefore uot go for a Bill against all Sunday travelling, if his employer, who had an ottice, and' .called himself a merchant or ageutor something of that eort, would not work him so infernally hard— if he might use such language -on every one of the holidays. On those occasions, moreover, he suffered a great deal from having his head curbed up in a most ridiculous and painful manner. He believed this was done to make him look smart and showy, but the effect was to make him a laughing-stock in the eyes of every horse upon the road; and they all knew that this was the very worst kind of stock which a respectable animal could belong to. (Loud ap plause.) Old Soldier, who was received with a general whisking of tails, said he fully agreed with the pre vious speakers; but lor-amassey, those gentle men lived in clover as compare! with himself. He further said— You know, gentlemen, what my life has been; I have passed these last 10 years in the employ of the livery-fctablekeepers, and 1 speak from experience when I suy that if there is a tyrant in the world who deserves to be hung, diawn, and torn to pieces by wild quadrupeds, it is the gent as hires a 'oss for a day's amusement (Tremendous applause.) Oh, I wi.sh I was a buck-jumper for his sake; I'd soon be the death of him. But I must put up with my lot, though I can't help repining sometimes. Iu fact, as the song says— ' I wishes 1 was a brewer's oss Three-quarters of a year, I'd turn my head where my tail should be. And drink up all the beer.' With these lines, gentlemen, which ate from my own mews, I must conclude ; but I am not without a hope that an Act of Parliament may be soon passed to prevent young gents hiring poor old osscs, and so put a stop to the cruelty of riding them from! morning to nipht without giving them a bit of prub. (Loud pawing.) At all events, we may secure Hay in the new Parliament for the nest three years, whatever may become of the people's grass. (Immense applause.) After this several other speakers addressed the meeting, but nothing new was elicited, until a resolution was put and carried by all the horses to the effect that a memorial for an Act of Parlia ment should be prepared, and that iu the mean time the Commissioner of Police— whose bock on horses had been read with pleasure and amuse ment by most of the company— should be requested to assist the promoters to the utmost of his power. Thus terminated an exceedingly interesting meet ing, which had been attended by all the leading horses in the district and by many who bad come from a distance, they having bolted expressly for the purpose. The above report, which draws attention to an important subject, will no doubt be regarded as very timely at this holiday period of the year, whilst as to its truthful ness no one will question that who has read the many excellent speeches of horses in the pages of ilSsop or Phiedrus. Then, as a proof that they are quite capable of giving sly and humorous pokes in their conversa tions, don't Galen and other writers speak of the os humerim amongst the various osses which they so frequently mention? With the English mail that arrived on Monday there came a little more information about the Northern Territory. This was contained in the letter which Captain Cadell had written to the Agent-General, and it consists of his deliberately-expressed opinion that the 300,000 acres of land could be sur veyed during the season of 18C8. But I suppose the Government intend to keep the matter quietly in reserve until after Parliament meets, so that none of their opponents may have the hardi hood to take office whilst such a diffi culty remains unsettled. If it were not so there is a scheme now under consideration which would show them how the work might be done in three months at a cost of £10,000. The proposition is to send round surveyors and men by steamer, with instructions to land at some point fixed upon by the Govern ment, and to run boundary lines in the form of a square which shall include sufficient land forthe whole of the selectors, an increased area being given to each ; then at every mile along theboundary lines to put up hard wood posts previously prepared for the purpose, with the mileage marked upon them ; and afterwards to cut the square up into twelve small squares by lines at equal distances crossing at right angles, so that the allot ments could then be numbered and marked in previous to selection by the draw-ing of lots. Such is the suggestion; but whether the purchasers would consider this a fulfilment of the contract, which re quires that the allotments shall be surveyed, is another matter. To any pne who puts this question I can only reply by the quotation, '? Davus sum ; non CEdipus.' But apparently the consent of the purchasers to a rearran«e ment will be a necessary part of any plan which caij now be adopted. As to the English news itself, it came in so quietly, amidst the holiday repose of 'the metropolis,' that people hardly found it out till the next day; for the little bull's-eye lantern which the telegraph authorities make a practice of lighting is by no means equal to the occasion. From such a depart ment, indeed, one would expect a blaze of electricity whenever a signal fire had to be lighted for the information of the public. But in this case the lamp doesn't look any bigger than a policeman's bull's-eye, whilst from the dimness of the light one would think that something had occurred to ' fright the He from its propriety,' as Othello says when he finds Cassio fighting and brawlinjr in the public streets. But now I come to a more important sub ject— the grief of the great McTavish. ' O rise, winds of autumn, arise ; blow in the teeth of the Sassenach. Streams of the mountains, roar! Roar, tempest, in the groves of Grenfell-street Walk through broken clouds, -O moonshine, and look with pale anger on the traitor, Candid ! Let the tomb open to receive him, and the ghosts of pards bear him to the narrow house, for hath he not blighted the son of song, the great McTarish f ' Thus, in the words of Oaaian, do I usher in this alJ absorbing sorrow. But the plain truth ie, Saunders McTavish makee a mistake when he complains, in his letter to the newspaper, that the remarkably beautiful poem which I published last week ought not to have been accompanied by ? a signature identical with his own. Indeed ! 'Why not ? Is the mighty clau of McTavish so limited u to include only one Saunders ? Perish the idea 1 No ; let the McTavish but whistle— let him but blow his nose or sneeze — ' And every tuft of broom nlves life ' . To plaided warrior armed for strife;' And if ene-half of these gentlemen don't bear the same name as their ueloved chief at the head of the clan, then — ' McTavish is no warrior true. And, Saxons, I'm a rig'lar do I' But at the same time T am sorry that tho work of a minor bard should have been attributed by anybody to the great master of song who stands at the bead of the clan ; for the fame of his minstrelsy is spread far and wide, like 'tho voice of tho sholl in the Halls of Balclutha.' Whereof bear witness, O book of L'howla, with thy daughters of snow, whose steps me like the music of song, and whose loveliness is like the lovcliucHs of Sehua. (This Odsiunic stylo of composition ia really so pretty that I should like to see it adopted in the reports of jwlitical speeches and the judgments of the Supreme Court. ) But. to return to nlain prose, 1 beg to state that I have studied tho works of the McTavish with a view to do him full justice, especially in the matter of poetry, and 1 therefore quote with great pleasure the following excellent lines from one of his sentimental poems in 'Chowla; it romance (if tho Dnr ling:'- ''Yet stjll in mem'ry's retrospection I'll think of lliee with lund atliction, And bless tlict evermore. And whilst one simrk uf life remains, And blood meanders through my veins, Thy fute I will deplore.' Now, with this bona fitlo extract, which 1 understand the Duke of Edinburgh greatly admired when the romance was presented to him, I hoiw everybody will be satisfied, and that no one will ever again think of saying, ' Puir, jiuir Sounders ! Did ye ever see the like o' thae lines that he sent to the pnpers *' For my own i-:irt, 1 have already admitted that I don't understand the Scotch language any more than Hindoo or Arabic, though I have Hums at my finger-ends, and nm also familiar with the ancient Scalds. But the name of McTavish alone gave such a strong llavour to the poem (if lost week that it was allowed to pass without any question as to its being sufficiently (Jnelic. However, as a set-oil' to tho thistles of thai Salt tillers, another rorrespumleut of tho dnilv Press kindly sends an offering of prickly acacia from Kangaroo Island. He approves of the remarkn of ' Candid' about the necessity of sending out a missionary ship to the neglected islanders, aud thinks thht, as a 'sort of Snncho l'anza chap,' I might do for tho Governor of that valuablo dependency. But the prospect is too good to be realized. The fact is that Kangaroo Island is about to be ntl'ereil (so it is said) to the purchasers of land iu the* Northern Territory as a sort of quit pro quo; aud when this exchange has l»iun effected, tho Governorship will be too valuable a thing to lie thrown away upon me. Besides, the region is too remote. Now, Rabbit Island would be more suitable, though even in that case I should hesitate to wasto my fragrance 'on the deHert hare.' But, as regards missionary enterprise, it certainly would be a good thing if some of our ministers of religion would pay a visit to these islanders instead of writing letters against one another in tho Adelaide news papers. The Kangaroocrs have got no schools and no churches. Why, even their burial-ground has not been consecrated, so that the aged inhabitants are really obliged to postpone their demise from year to year on account of this most unpardonable ncgluct. It is to Ijc hopjd, then, that nil this will soon be altered ; that civilization will be quickly introduced into the island ; and that rum will no lunger remain at tho barbarous price of IN-*, per gallon. Until sonio alteration, indeed, has been made in this last matter 1 should not think of paying n visit to my friends on the island. Yet the literary asso eiations of the place are very stromr, for Hog ]Juy calls up the remembrance of the Kttrick Shepherd, and reminds one continually of the two Bacons — the Lard and the Friar. Thanks to the usual Ministerial policy of spreading the elections over a long period, instead of letting the whole of them Co Mettled in one day, the Treasurer lms enabled his late opponent, Mr. Boucaut, to get elected for the Hurra -the pocket Burra, as some people may supi-osc. But nothing of the sort. The fact is the Hurra has been very much out of pocket ever (tinee tho operations at the mines were partly Huspeniled, and. tlici elevtora havo therefore voted for Mr. Boucaut, as they believe that when he gets possession of. the Moonta for his clients he will remove it to Kooringa, and thus restore the pristine glory of tho place. In* fact this I nan coup at the Burra ia quite a coup ttetat on the part of the honour able member, and nobody can fairly say that his nomination was unexpected; for he attended a large meeting of tho electors, and spoke well on general ]K-litics, as well as on the various subjects in McCulloch's Dic tionary, before attempting to go to the poll. A Ciiapteb of Accident*. - Our budget of Strathalbyn news this week seems to present nothing but a chapter of accidents. We have been informed that at the latter.'part of last week a son of Air. Orwell, of LanKliorne's Creek, while playing on a straw stack, fell therefrom and dislocated the left elbow joint. The little suiTercr was taken to Dr. Heibert, who reduced the dislocation, and the little fellow is nro«ressinK is well as can lie ex* netted. -Early lant week Mr. Munro. ot Lang* home's Creek, waa riding acrotsB hu paddock, when his horse became unmanageable and bolud with him, taking him under a tree, against a branch of which bin head came iu contact with Brent force. He was thrown completely out of the saddle, and nearly one-half of his forehead was denuded uf the tcalp. He also sustained severe dislocation of the wrist and an injury to the left foot. Dt. Herbert was sent for, and Mr. Munro i* now, under his care, recovering from his iujuries.— - On Kaster Monday, about three miles on the Ade laide aide of Echunio the mail stopped to take up a pa-scnger, and before the driver could draw altogether on his rluht aide, a tandem, occupied by three gentlemen, which was proceeding at a rapid pace, ran into the conveyance, causing the bum to completely capsize, throwing out all the oi*u« pants and breaking both snafu, but fortunately causing no serious personal injury. We believe no blame can Iw attached to the driver of the om nibus.-OnTueadayever,inKaiiMr. Chisholtn. -hetp farmir. residing on the Murray, was driving through the township of Strathalbjn, in turning » sharp corner the swerving of the cart caused him to be thrown out with (treat violence. Mr. Cliinholm was taken to the TenninuB Hotel, and wat speedily attended by Dr. Herbert, who found that the left arm had sustained a most extraordinary and com* plicated fractme. We are happy io ltarn on enquiry that the sufferer, under the care of our worthy doctor, will Boon recover the u«e of hii arm.— An accident occurred on Thursday afternoon to a buggy belonging to Mr. Trew. Dr. Patterson, who in stopping here for a few dajs. was out driving with it, when he and Mre. Patterson called at a house and lied the reins to the wheel1/ The horse somehow turned the buggy round, when it capsized, and both shafts were bioken besides other injuries to the body of the veliicle.-,S'yur/*frn Argus. A Sagacious Horse.— A correspondent writing from the Wimmera sends the following to the Ararat Adverliur :—' The contractor, Mr. James M'Clounan, has six horse-drayg carting metal unto the works on the Horehara-road, nci»r the I^d« court bridge. One of the horses, ' Jolinny'-a fine, strong, docile young colt, exhibits most peculiar, imitative, and intellectual instincts. 'Johnny, although young, is precocious. It took ' Johnny* just five days' philosophic meditation to arrive at a reasonable solution as to why the drivers jumped into the drays when going for stone, and walked in returning. Johnny's imita tive instinct rose predominant, and in going back with his empty dray he jumped on all foum into the dray in front of him. The drivers immediately stopped the (IrayR, in consternation at 'Johnny'*' audacity; but his imitative functions once aroused, he used his forefoot an if whipping on his burdened brother, and clumsily broke in the front-board of the dray. The drivers at last unharnessed him while quietly standing in the dray, and, ehoving his own dray clear, capsized poor 'Johnny' froin his usurped position into that more suited to tuD interests of liis owner.' Adelaide Police CoohT.— On 8aturday, April 18, the only case requiring notice was one of assault upon a police-cojuUble. The defendant was fined £5. How to Treat Balky Hobseh.— If you have balky horscf-, it is jour own fault, and not the hones . for if they do not pull true, there is some cause for it; and if you will remove the cause, the effect will cease. When your homo balks he is excited, and docs not know what you want him to do. When lie gets a little excited, stop him five or 10 minutes, let him become calm. Go to the balky horse, pat him and speak Gently to him, and as soon as he ib over his excitement, he will in nine cases out of ten pull at the word. Whipping and slashing and iwearinf only make the matter worse. After you tave gentled him awhile and his excitement as cooled down, take him by the bits, turn him each way, a few minutes, as far as you can ; pull out the tongue; gentle him a little; unrein him; then step before the balky home, and let the other start first; then you can take them anywhere you wish. A. balkv horse is always high spirited and starts quick; half the pull is out before the other starts; by standing before him the other startt first. By close application to this rule you can make any balky horse null. If a horse has been badly spoiled you Bhould hitch him to the empty wagon, and pull it around a while on level ground; then put on a little load, and increase it gradually, caressing as before, and in a short time you can have a good|work hont.-American Farntr. 