2UBSD AT, NOVEMBER 24, 1868. When the October mail left, peace and prosperity reigned throughout Great Britain, and seemed likely.to last. Par- liament had been dissolved, and the elections under the new regime were to take place on the 16th and 18th of the present month. No new cause of party strife had arisen up to the departure of the mail, nor had any new cry been in- vented by either side. The ex^-avagance of the existing Government continued to be the principal weapon in the armoury of the Opposition, and the Tories were still in a frenzy of simulated anger about their opponents' dealings with the Irish Church. Mr. GLADSTONE was active in his denunciation of the waste- fulness of the Ministry, but does not seem to have troubled himself about de- fending his own policy. Mr. DISRAELI, on the other hand, while striving to shift the blame of the alleged extrava- gance on to the shoulders of his prede- cessors in office, dwelt on the other topic also, and denounced the disestablish- ment of the Irish Church as confiscation. " Once a community was seduced isto " plunder," he said, " predatory acts " were seldom single," and " the present " course would only end in Popish " supremacy." Of course this kind of language could not be indulged in by the Premier of England without mischief accruing, and we accordingly find that there had been fresh no-Popery riots at Manchester, and a revival or the Fenian tioubles at Birmingham. But these do not seem to have been of a serious cha- racter ; and, indeed, it is scarcely to be supposed that grave political distuib anccs could arise among a peace- loving people to whom a large accession of power had just been conceded. With an election close at hand, to inaugurate a new system very nearly akin to man- hood suffrage, the people had other things to think about besides Papal supiemaoy, and were in no humour io revive forgotten religious pi ejudices. In regard to the probable issue of the elec- tion, it is stated that the new House of Commons was expected to show a Li- beral majority of a hundred and thirty six. There are no other political items of any impoitance except that there were rumours afloat, probably occasioned by the peaceful aspect of affairs at home and abioad, that the army was to be greatly i educed. At a banquet given to Lord STANLEY and Mr. REVEBDY JOHN- SON, at Liverpool, it was intimated that two of the three questions in dispute between Great Britain and America had been satisfactorily adjusted, so that there remained no cause of disquietude to qualify the general satisfaction which this rumour was calculated to afford. Among the minor political incidents of the month, 'there was the fining of a Quaker lady of Manchester for pressing hei claim to vote. The Woman's Bights cause must be in an extremely depressed condition in England when such things can be done with impunity. But the British are a prejudiced race, and prefer that their women should confine them- selves to home duties-in which view, oddly enough, the women themselves heartily concur. To make up for the dulness that pre- vailed in the world of politics, sortie activity obtained during the month in other departments of public business. The Social Science Association was in session at Birmingham, an Anti-IlituaS Conference was sitting at Manchester, and an International Working Men's 1 Association was discussing, at Brussels, the effects of war upon the interests of the class which it represented. The issue of this discussion was the adop- tion of a resolution calling upon work- men in all countries to suspend work immediately upon the declaration of war. ,But such a resolution, if adopted, will be extremely difficult to carry out, since war-time is always a period of great activity in many branches of trade-a time of high wages and dear food, when the working man would have a natural reluctance to remain adie, and could not afford to do so if ho would. From America we hear of the con- tinued success'bf the Eepublican party, which renders General GRANT'S election to the Presidency» almost certain ; and on the continent of Europe Spain and Greece are the only countries that have any troubles on hand. From eyery other country the news is of peace. In France, 30,000 soldiers had been furloughed; the Italian army was tobo reduced; and the King of PRUSSIA had declared peace to be the general wish. , A fresh <jut "break of the old'Cretan disturbance ¿ad occurred, causing some commotion at Athens, but the consequences were not likely to be serious, i The Spanish revolution is an ' accomplished ' fact, and in all probability Queen . ISA- BELLA has by this time found a safe1, if an ..inglorious, retreat in some English watering-place.' Brighton is supposed to have been the Patmos of her choice, but the three-and-sixpenny return-ticket system has so vulgarised that once favourite resort, that it is scarcely a fit refuge for Majesty in trouble. That she should have thought of Brighton in the -hour of her-extremifcy,-ia a new proof that a ,,BOURBON . is incapable of discerning the signs Jof the times. Meanwhile, the revolution has been accepted by several European states, and acquiesced in by Cuba, and the work of reconstruction-has been carried on, so far, wisely and well. The Jesuits have been suppressed, and tho convents and monasteries established since 1837 have been abolished, while the,older establishments have been re- duced, and forbidden to receive no- viciates. A new Ministry has been formed, the Cortes has been summoned, and every necessary step taken for the re-establishment of constitutional govern- ment. Whether that is to be monarch- ical or democratic remains to be deter- mined, but the Spanish people are far behind in political education, and but little fitted to govern them selves.i' Nor is it likely that they will desire the introduction of democratic institutions. The rural population are conservative in their character,' and moro disposed to support the nobles and the clergy than the democratic leaders. Admiral To PETE'S proposal in favour of a new. monarchy is therefore likely to be carried out, especially if affairs aro not so hurried on as to prevent the rural population from taking part in the dis- cussion, If this revolution ends as pro- pitiously as it was commenced, it will prove the means of opening up to a fine people, and a country possessing great natural advantages, a new career of hap- piness and prosperity. Spain has long been the worst governed country in Europe-let us hope that it will now show that it is worthy and capable of governing itself, whether by means of de- mocratic institutions or a constitutional monarchy. The items of news that particularly affect ourselves are few and unim- portant, but satisfactory so far as they go. Our securities continue to stand high in the money market, and our new railway loan was already exciting favourable notice. The wool market intelligence confirms the view we took when the fall of twopence to threepence a pound from the June rates was first announced, namely, that the condition of the wool must have been at least one cause of the decline. This is now ex- pressly stated to have been the case, and also that there is an improved de- mand for fine wools. The Ávoca's message, in short, is highly satisfactory, and would be entirely so only for the many fatal and other disastrous acci- dents of which it informs us, several of which seem to have been of a pecu- liarly painful description. The state of affairs in New Zealand is the great subject of conversation. Every- body is puzzled to understand why more energetic measures are not adopted. The insurrection has been afoot for several months now, and every second mail brings word of a fresh defeat of the raw colonial forces. Why are not the re- gular troops employed to do what the local constabulary, militia, and volun- teers-neither regulars, nor, in the mili- tary sense of the word, " irregulars " are obviously incompetent for? The soldiers of the line are not equipped for bush service-and it is a disgrace to the Horse Guards that they havo no regi- ments organised for such a purpose but for the trying duty of attacking those well-constructed native fortresses they are more suitable than the local levies embodied yesterday. If there were no other way to promptly end a state of things which is not only disas- trous to the colonists, but disgraceful to the national arms, there is not a regi- ment of the Royal army, or a part of one, in any of the Australasian settle- ments, which ought not to be shipped at once to the seat of war. But, so far from that being done, there are troops of the line already on the spot, and tliey have not been used as yet. There are 900 men of the second battalion of the 18th Regiment stationed in garrison in different towns of New Zealand, and if the statement we have seen in a local paper be correct, the commander has said that his instructions do not admit of Ms taking the business, for the present at any rate, out of the hands of the colonial military. No doubt a new agreement exists between the local Government and the home Government. Both the British taxpayer and the British statesman grumbled hard at these frequent Maori wars, and accused the colonists of not being sufficiently careful to prevent them. The colonists retaliated by loljpging the jColonial Office with un- wise management of the natives-and, they might have fairly added, with un- wise management in permitting the original dispersal of the white settlers among the tribes; for that, in truth, was the grand blunder, the prime source of all these subsequent troubles. At any late, there was so much mutual dis- satisfaction, that when the costly Wai- kato war in 1864 was closed, the new arrangement was entered upon. The suptrvision of native affairs, hitherto in the hands of the Crown, was given over to the colonial Government, on condition that they should relieve the British taxpayer of his share in the bur- den of future Maori, difficulties. , The Boyal'troops, of which there were at the 5time over 10,000 in the North Island, were then withdrawn,¡excepting a single battalion. It is true -that this one regiment may have been left simply as an evidence and an instalment of the continued Imperial protection against foreign danger. It is true that the colonists undertook the charge of their internal ' affairs, native as well as colo- nial, and of all subsequent wars which, might arise therefrom. It is quite true that they did this willingly, and that the blame of their present unprepared ness rests solely on themselves. Nor can they say that it was the peculiar /ault of Mr. STAFFORD, or of Mr. Fox, of the Ministers who have suc- cessively ruled under the new arrange- ment, or of ' their Legislature, ' for there was a strenuous public demand for reducing expenses-in a word, ¿hore .was far too much impatience of. the coBt to have a, proper system of'protec- tion organised. But granting aU this, the local responsibility, the local want , of foresight and judgment, will not re- lieve the present emergency. A situa íion has come about which, while it is ?unfortunate for New Zealand, is1 most damaging to the credit of the national arms ; and, therefore, all available * means, Lnperial and colonial both, should be promptly put in motion to, «mend it. < We say that the credit of the national arms seriously suffers by these disgrace- ful íeverses. Does anybody think that. strapgcrs at a distance-in'France or I ¿^rica, for example-will pause to in-1 quire too minutely as to the kind of troops which are thus beaten by the .Maories1? Will they know, as well) as we know, that these men are j an undisciplined mob-nothing better | than a mob for their few weeks' drill-1 ïngi TITO KO WARU boasts-so it is1 said-that one Maori is equal to fifteen' white men j and no wonder that he be- lieves it when he sees the sort of soldiers which are sent to storm his breastworks,! or which are marched into his ambus-¡ cades in the jungle ! The first account obtained by telegraph always tries to , gloss over the disagreeable factsj but the subsequent and fuller news exhibits them too plainly. In reference to Oku ¿uku, this last defeat, the Wellington In- dependent says :-"It is no shame for a " force to retreat when it is found that et an entrenchment cannot be taken " without artillery, and it is possible " that the Okutuku redoubt was strong " enough to resist any ordinary rush ; *" still the fact that 400 men were " chased back by the Maories is a very " bitter pill to swallow. It is scarcely " possible that the Maori pursuing " force was equal in number to our " own in retreat, and it is therefore " strange that our men did not make a " stand, and turn upon their pursuers." Even good troops may fail, and have lepeatedly failed, in attacking without artillery one of those pas, defended by resolute men, and always well con- structed- for the Maori has great engineering skill. And it seems odd that in these assaults no effort is made to obtain the help of artillery. We per- ceive by the Nehm Colonist that the force at the front has not only a few Armstrong guns, but also " some light " mortars." The approach to one of these pas may lie through the forest, fcut a bush track in some sort has to be made if it does not already exist ; and is there no possible method of dragging a couple of light guns along with the advancing column, in order to breach the enemy's rampart or shell out its defenders 1 BONAPARTE contrived 'to get all his artillery across the Alps, without loads, when the passes .weie in a very different state from -what they are now ; and there is a mani- fest want of ingenuity in not being able to carry even a small howitzer where I large bodies of men either find or open a path, be it ever so difficult. As the colonists have no practical ar- rangements whatever for quelling the revolted tribes, the Imperial authorities .will need to interfere. They are sure to do so in the end, and they ought to do at at once, before any more disasters and disgiaces are added to the list. They should send one of their Indian officers to conduct the war-one of those men, so numerous on the Indian frontier, who are fruitful in resources, and conversant with the tactics of wild tribes. Meanwhile, all the regular troops available certainly ought to be employed. They are not organised for bush fighting, but they .would be steadier than the colonial levies, and so would help to train them ; while for attacking fortifications, they are of course indispensable. It is mon- strous to see undisciplined companies . despatched upon such a service. Yesterday being the anniversary of the .proclamation of the Victorian Constitution, was observed as a holiday in all the law -courts and Government oflices, the telegraph and Customs offices alone being open for necessary business. Beyond this, how evei, the day was not marked by any par- ticular observance. Business was conducted in m orean tile and other establishments as usual, and only the display of an occasional piece of bunting gave indication of any spe -cial circumstance attaching to the day. Yesterday, soon after eight o'clock a.m., the smoke of the branch mail steamer Alex- andra, with the South Australian portion of the English October mail, was seen from Glenelg, and soon after ten o'clock the message of our correspondent began to pas3 along the wires. It was issued in an extra- ordinary edition early in the afternoon, and will be found in another column. The R.M S S. Avoca may be expected in Hobson's Bay this afternoon or evening ; and wo understand that if she arrives before five o'clock pm., the letters will be delivered by the Post-oflice authorities m the course of the evening. The mail, so far, has come to hand a day before time. A telegram from London, received yester- day, mentions the arrival of the steamship Somersetshire in the Thames on the 29th of October. It will be remembered that Mr. Verdon and his family wero passengers by this ship, and it is satisfactory to hear that they have arrived at their destination in safety. Wo observe that tho name of the Right Rev. Dr. Goold, Roman Catholic Bishop of Melbourne, is in the list of the passengers by the mail steamship Avoca. A private letter from Dunodin states that the late nowa from the seat of war has occa- sioned great excitement, and not a little Wrath thero. The general Government is Warned for these disasters, and it is not for- gotten that tho apparently mistakon encou- ragement given to the Maories by Sir George Grey and Bishop Selwyn has had a' great deal to do with the spirit which the rebels are exhibiting. Raw recruits aro being embodied in Dunedin, and sent forward to the North Island, but the greater number of them haye »ever before handled a musket. Yet, unpre- pared as they are,'they aro at once inarched off to the front. ' ^ ' * correspondent propounds a question *?tfp"V deserves early consideration. "As ChnUmas Day this year falls upon a Friday!" lie remark», '. would it not be advisable, in order to give the shop-assistants a holida^, îor employers generally to arrange unani- mously to close their placés of business on the Saturday following ? I am one of a numb, rous and hard-worked class-f-grocora' assis- tants-whoso hours of business aro so long, and who get so few holidays,-that I think j I ïepresent their feelings when I say that such an arrangement would prove a real boon to them. The usual monthly ' meeting of the oom itrittee of the Victorian Shipownora' Associa- tion was held in Lloyd's-rooms yesterday afternoon. A letter 'was read from the secretary of the Post-office, on the subject of the "extension of the electric telegraph to Wilson's Promontory, stating "that upon «arefully considering all the arguments urged m favour of the extension, the benefit to the general ^ public would not,"in Mr.' ^Smith's opinion,' justify tho necpssary expenditure^*', Considerable dissatisfation waa expressed at | tho nature of this communication, but fur- j thor consideration of the subject was ad-1 journed to a future meeting. ? The honorary ' Becrctary reported that the Commissioner of Trado and Customs had fixed to-day for receiving a deputation of shipowners! and underwriters, the object of the deputation being to request Government to appoint a commission to inquire into the state of tho colonial laws affecting merchant shipping, with a view to their amendment. After ar- ranging the business 'for the deputation tho committee adjourned. ' Wo have received a state paper entitled; "Further Correspondence Kespectingi tho Steam Postal Service," printed by order of the Legislative Council of New South'Wales, «Inch begins with a despatch, dated 20th November, 1866, addressed by Lord Car- narvon to Sir John Young, and ends with a despatch from the Colonial Secretary of Queensland, of 24th July, 1868, addressed to the Colonial Secretary of New South Wales. Some of the information which, the paper con- tains is of little public interest, and some of it has already .been published. The report by the Postmaster- General (of England) on the memorial addressed to Her Majesty by the several Australian colonies, praying that "three ocean postal lines" should be main- tained at the joint expenso of the mothor country and the colonies, is given at length. To this the Pbstmjtster-Generalof Now South Wales Teplies in a long minute, by which, however, the arguments of the Imperial official are not materially affected. Persons specially interested in tho,postal question will find this voluminous paper a mine of useful information. It is rumoured that some of the measure- ments of the quantities in connexion with the Coliban scheme turn out to be erroneous, and that the capacity of somo of tho reservoirs will be under what was anticipated. As it is possible the country may havo paid for more than it has got, a searching inquiry is to be made into tho matter. A large number of girls from the Industrial schools at Prince's-bridge had an unusual but very pleasant treat afforded them by several well-known watermen of Sandridge yesterday, namely a sail in the bay, and a visit to H.M.S.S. Nelson. The children were taken in four of the finest sailing boats in the bay --the Tam O'Shanter, Blue Jacket, Red Jacket, and Surprise, in charge of Alf. Holland, Brooks, Timbs, Tempest, Stanley, and Gillett, who took quite an interest in the welfare of their living freights. Such an act of thoughtful liberality deserves more than passing mention. A correspondent, who writes from Bonny, brook on the subject of the late agricultural show at Kilmore, appears to bo greatly vexed that we should have given currency to the story that a fat bullock had been awarded a prize as the second best bull in the yard ! The story was put in circulation by the local organ, and if the editor has offended the propriety of the district by his little jest at the expense of the exhibitors and judges, no doubt they have properly punished him by this time in the usual way of "Stop my paper." Weare glad to learn, however, that our correspon- dent is able to assure us, he being a com- mittee man of the Kilmore Agricultural Association, that the yards at the late show contained more well-bred stock than on any previous occasion. Ho says,-" The second best bull was allowed by the judges to bo Derby-by Prince of tho Purple, bred by Mr. Bobert M'Dougall, and sold by him at a high figure (too high for a bullock) to his present owner. One of the judges was Mr. J. C. Cochrane, whose name has been long associated with the breeding of good cattle." The twelfth annual meeting of the Bc ligious Tract Society of Victoria, was hold at their depot, 17 Swanston-street, yesterday. The attendance was not large, andthepio. ceedings were not very elaborate, but cnoucrh vt as done to show that tho society was going on successfully, and it is proposed to enlarge their operatious by extensivo advertising. The report of the committee exhibited a satisfactory state of things in respoct to finance. The Bev. G. Mackie presided as chairman, and the meeting was addressed by the Bevs. J. Strongman, C. W. Matthew, W. Porter, Mr. J. G. Jennings, and W.R. Wade, the secietary. The meeting of the City Council which was held yesterday was somewhat pro. ti acted, about four hours being consumed in disposing of the business. Some discussion arose, in the first instance, relativo to the appropriation of £728, in addition "to the ori- ginal estimate of £3,053, for the erection of the new meat market on the reserve in Eliza- beth-street. After a show of opposition on the part of Alderman Wragge, the appropria- tion and the additional sum were agreed to. An order of the day, based upon a report of the Health Committee with regard to the'petition from the latepayers of West Melbourne for the election of baths in that part of the city, evoked some difference of opinion, and was finally sent back to the committee to be reconsidered. Councillor Arness, in accordance with picvious notice, moved for the appropriation of £4,000 for the purpose of building baths in West Melbourne, and for the invitation of competitive designs for such buildings, to be elected on the site heretofore sot apart for the purpose. This motion gave rise to a \ cry lengthened debate, a strong fooling of opposition to the scheme being manifested by a section of the council. There were no loss than four consecutive amendments moved on the motion, each of which was lost; and but for tho fifth, which was moved by Alder- man J. T. Smith, being of a compromising natuie, there appeared every disposition on the part of the councillors to sit the matter out till midnight. Alderman Smith's final amendment was, that to the resolution bo added the words, "that the designs sont in be referred to the city surveyor to report on." Bj this means time will be allowed to all parties to consider tho subject. The amend- ment having been carried, the council separated at seven o'clock, having been sit- ting from a quarter-past three in the aftor noon. , The Australian Medical Journal for this month, just published, contains as its open- ing paper a short but interesting -account of a case of fracture of the patella, treated by Mr. Macgillivray, of Sandhurst, by means of an iron ring. Not only was the treatment successful in this case, but in several others in which Mr. Macgillivray employed it The next paper is an account of a case of diph- theria, by Dr. Shaw, of Queenscliff, part of the treatment of which consisted in tho external application of eggs, "port wino, and essence of meat. The transactions of the Medical Society include a paper on preserved «meats, read, by , the Eev. Tlr. Bleasdale, land another by the .Satie author, presenting' tho analyses of somo of our mineral áprings. Dr.' Robertson.hits another long letter on the'seemingly Inter- minable question of disepso in, Victoria,' in reply to Dr. Clutterbuck, wbo has recently republished his > papers on this subject in|a separate form. Dr. Cutts('has a sonsiblo letter on the coses of scurvy that arrived iii the Dayspring. ; There are two , leading articles, i tho J first, headed, ' ' Demi-Wolvcs| "J containing some severe strictures On the ré- cent unprofessional conduct of a. certain sec- tion of the medical fraternity ¡ and the second relating to the late ferment occasioned by the action in the Supremo Court against the resi- dent surgeon of the Geelong Hospital With regard to tho'fire which occurred on board tho P., N.Z., and AR.M. Co.'s 's.'s. Tarama on Saturday, while on the Govern- ment slip at Williamstown, Captain Ferguson, the company's marine superintendent, pub- licly records bis thanks for the 'efficient help~rendcrod by those who came to the assistance of tho crew. Captain .Ferguson also very naturally expresses-his surprise at the Yan Yean not being laid on to the dook, so*as to be avilable on such emergencies, Amongst those who did not a little towards keeping the fire from spreading was one of tho stokers on board, named M'Leod, who at some risk removed a number of tins of kero- sene, which were in dangerous proximity to the fire. M'Leod was sovorely scorched by the heat, and had afterwards to be takon to -the hospital. . A very fine and varied collection of1 wax flowors ia at present on view, at Mr.1 Harrison's fancy depot, Collins-street, pre- paratory to being disposed of on the principio of tho art-union. Wo havo seldom seon tho. imitation of Nature, in what must be con-1 siderca one of her most pleasing mani- festations, carried to greater perfection j than is shown hero in the most j minuto] particulars. In the delicate blending of j the tints, and in the softness of the homo flowers as contrasted with tho gorgeous flora of tho tropics, there is an artistic skill displayed which is not always to bo found in such collections. The lovers of art will find| these specimens well deserving of atten- tion, as they are the work of a lady whoso tálente bhould not fail to command recogni- tion. Wo may stato that it is intended to give forty prizes, and to issue 240 tickets at1 10s. each. The first prizo consists of a splen- did table bouquet, covered by a glass shado about two feet in height. Its value is said to be £35, and the other prizes, though not of, so costly a nature, are such as should be re-i garded as models of artistic excellence. | The cheap fares which recently werel charged by the steamors between Melbourno and Tasmania produced an enormous in- crease of traffic, but as thoy were too low to bo profitable, and. as tho opposition steam-! vessel (the Rob Roy) has been sent to New, Zealand, a ro-arrangomont of charges has taken place. The following is now the scale, -To or from Hobart Town and Melbourne,' cabin, £3 10s. ; steerage, £2 10s. ; in both cases without provisions. On the Launceston and Melbourne line, per Derwent, cabin, £2 5s. ; steerago, £1 5s. ; in both cases without provisions. In the Tasmania, £2 16s. cabin, with provisions; steerage, £1 5s., without provisions. On the Sydney line, the saloon passago from Hobart Town is reduced to £8 Cs., or a return ticket for £10 10s., provisions being found. The steerage passage, with provisions, is fixed for £3 10s. Whilo the late low rates of passago on the Launceston' line are raised, thero is a concession to public opinion on the Melbourne and Hobart Town line, and passengers who aro not able to eat on a short sea voyage havo not now to pay for food which in many coses is wasted. ' The Rev, Joseph Dare delivered an inte- resting lecture on "True Manhood," at tho Grattan-strect Orderly-room, last evening.' The chair was taken by Major Radcliffe, and thero was a largo attendance. The subject was treated in a very comprehensive manner, the lecturer considering at length the mental] moral, commercial, and religious elements in man's character and life, and urging tho fullest possible development of each faculty as the only means of attaining to true man- hood. The usual vote of thanks to chairman and lecturer closed the proceedings. The' proceeds go to the fund for erecting a new Wesleyan church in Carlton. j A cabman named Richard Wilson has been arrested by Detective Christie, and charged will criminally assaulting Louisa Millett, a girl sixteen or soventeen years old, residing m Rathdowne-street, Carlton. The girl took a cab on the 16th inst. at the corner of Swanston and Flinders streets, and tho cab driver, having taken her to a lonely part of the road near Brighton, assaulted her and treated her in a most shameful manner. Shk has identified Wilson as the person who was guilty of the offence. > ' Cases of housebreaking are becoming rather numerous in and about Melbourno. Two or three have been reported to the police within the last few days, one of which u rather serious. The porter's house at tho County Court, Swanston-street, was entered, the catch of the parlour window having been removed with a knife, and property stolen to the value of £23. On Sunday, between two o'clock in the afternoon and ten in the even- ing, the premises of John Birt, corner of Westgarth and Brunswick streets, Fitzroy, were entered, the door being forced, and pro- perty of the value of £5 carried off. ' At the magisterial inquiry held at Heath- cote on tho death of George Wilson, wtjo was poisoned at the Prince of Wales Hotol,( Heathcote by drinking a glass of cyanide ¿f potassium supplied to him by mistako from a bottle labelled " Kirkliston Whisky," tho landlord, Jackson, by whose carelessness' tho liquid was left, was committed for trial on the charge of manslaughter. According to a local papor, a "mare's nest" was discovered the other day in Geelong by some officials connected with the office of tho inspector of distilleries. Information, it seems, was received in Melbourne that an illicit still was in full oporation in an un- occupied store at the corner of Yarra and Malop streets, formerly occupied by Winde-, law and Co. On this an officer was sent down to make a raid on the premises, but upon visiting the place, he made the discovery that it was a vinegar manufactory. The pro- prietor of the shop has lately been making experiments with a view of permanently establishing a vinegar manufactory, but was keeping it quiet until his experiments re- sulted in success. The chagrin of the officer sent down to make this important discovery may be imagined. Two men wore yesterday admitted to tho Melbourne Hospital for treatment of injuries received by accidents with drays. A min named Butterworth fell from his dray, and broke his left arm in tho fall. John Lynch, while in charge of a dray laden with bricks, accidentallyfell, and the wheel passed over his leg and broke it. In each case the fracturo has been reduced, and tho patient is doing well. The once-powerful Barrabool tribe of abori- ginals, now reduced to two, is not to bo allowed to pass away without a memorial, The late mayor of Geelong (Mr. R. de B. Johnstone) has, at his own árpense, provided a tomb to mark the ' spot where King Jerry, and some of his followers, Ho buried. Tho stone is of Batesford limestone, ornamented on the upper face with carvings,iepresenting two spears and a boomerang. In the centre is'a marble tablet, with the following inscrip- tion :-" Tomb of King Dan Dan Nook (Jerry), chief of the Barrabool tribe (Rev. vii. 9), buried , . Jumbo Moor, )r Nook (Timbo), died 25th Dee., 1866; Dice, died Feb. 24,1862. Jemmy Nelson, died 25 ;h April, 1866 ; Harry Gore, died 25th March, 1868\. Erected in remembrance of the above, i the last i of the Barrabool tribe, by R. do B. J." When tho names and dates of decease of King Jerry and Billy aro added, the tomb will be placed in its position. I ' A storekeeper named Cotton, was informed against a fow days since by a man named Pain, for selling a smaller quantity of I liquor than permitted by his licence.- 'Yesterday he appeared to answer .thojeharge at the New- town and Chilwell Polico Court, and as his solicitor admitted the offence, ho was fined in the^mitigated penalty of £5, with lös. costs. A new chapel has just been completed in FenWick-streot, Geelong, for tho Baptist con- gregation under the pastoral charge of tho Rev. G. Slade. The opening services wore held on Sunday lost, when the pastor (in the nnavoidable absence of the Rev. W. Poor'e) preached in the morning ; the Rev. D. M'Kenzie, of the United Presbyterian Church, in the afternoon ; and the Rev. W. B. Landells in the evening. Last night, a tea mooting was held in the Mechanics' Instituto, to colebrato' the event, and subse- quently a public meeting, which was addressed by the various ministers of the town. The building is of bluestone, and has been erected at a cost of £1,300. The land cost £150, thus making a total of £1,450 ; to meet which con- tributions amounting to £687 havo been received. Another serious accident from the explo- sion of gun cotton occurred at tho Great Ex- tended Hustler's Company's mino, Bendigo, on Saturday. A miner named Henry Shep- herd had lit tho fuse, and, thinking it had missed, approached the bore, when the chatgo exploded, destroying his right hand, which was-amputated at the hospital. A present, valued at £50, consisting of a gold watch, chain, &c;, has been presented by the residents of Durham Ox,' and on the Swan-bill road, to Mr. P. Leahy, the driver of Robertson, Wagner, and Co.'s coach on that line of road. - i According to the Melbourne correspondent ' of| the Bendigo Independent* tbo Minister of Justice has declared the sentence' of threo I months' imprisonment recently passed by tho Eaglehawk Bench on one Franconi, for a¡ criminal assault on a woman, to bo ultra vires, the caso being one for a superior court to deal with. "A few days ago," says tho Daylesford Mercury, "ason of the schoolmaster at the Telegraph Saw-mills, who bad never tried his fortune with the pick and shovel, determined to maleo the experiment. A spot waspointcd out to him by some men as Jikoly to contain gold, and it is said that only six inches below the surface he dug up a twelve-ounCo nugget, nis success lias causod a small rush1 to the ground," The Hobart Town papers express strong hopes that salmon will bo seen in the Der- went or tho Plonty in the season which has now commenced, and they ask all travellers on those streams or their banks to watch carefully for signs of the " interesting strangers." It is stated in Hobart Town that the two companies of tho 14tb Regiment, which were lately sent to Western Australia, are about to be recaUed to Tasmania. A reward of £500 is offered by the Fingal Quartz-mining Company, of Tasmania, for the discovery of a payable auriferous lode on the lands held in lease by them. The case of the mutiny on board the ship Western Empire, whieb has been before the magistrates of Hobart Town for the last week or two, has assumed a new aspect. One of the seamen brought a charge against Captain Rogers of wounding him with a pistol ball, but the medical ovidenco wont to show that the wound was not caused in that manner. This statement so surprised tho counsel for the prosecution that be asked for an adjourn- ment, which Was granted. "Mr. Major, one of the contractors for the survey of the main line," says tho Hobart Town. Mercury, " has completed an inspection of theproposed routes, and his report is in every respect satisfactory. He finds that from tho Deloraine line to the Halfway-house there are no engineering difficulties whatever to contend against, and along the southern portion of the proposed line they are much less formidablo than many anticipated. The valley of the Jordan has boon examined, but Mr. Major linds it too difficult a route for the proposed railway, and prefers to como through Yorko Plains and the Eastern Marshes, where the difficulties aro compara- tively few. The wor3t gradiont along this route would not exceed 1 in 50 or 1 in 60." An effort is being mado in Tasmania to have tho district watered by the River Hellyer prospected for gold during the pro. sent season. A correspondent of one of tbo local journals states that he found gold in that river in 1800, and that nothing has since been dono to follow up the discovery. He ciossed seventy eight creeks, all running into the Hellyer, in the course of his wanderings, and found gold at the mouth of every one of them within the influence of tho stream of the main nvor, Tlie Gladstone Observer says:-"The late eclipse (so wo learn from a passenger per Boomerang) was total at Capo York on the 18th August. The totality lasted about eleven minutes ('), and during that time rose coloured llames were seen projecting like ridges of mountains beyond tho dark edge of the moon. Tho stars were plainly visible. The effect upon animals was singular-dogs howled and ran frightenedinto the houses, and fowls went to roost. The terror of the black- fellows was extreme, although tliejthad been told of its approach." A friend who had an interview with a pas- senger from Capo York, has communicated the following to the Gladstone Observer: "The Hamlet's Ghost, with the spurious Count Attems on board, put into Somerset (Cape Yoik) about the ISth of August. On being boarded by the police boat, he made Inquiries as to whether a frigato had arrived thero, and on boing answered in tho affirma- tive, became agitated and eagerly inquired about her movements, but appeared re- lieved when told that tho vessel was H.M.S. Virago, and that she had left the settlement in January. Ho remained eight days, aud during tho whole time kept a bright look-out for vessels in the offing. The captain and ciew were dis- charged in consequence of a row between the . 'Count' and the captain, in which revolvers wore drawn, The crew refused to put tbo captain in irons. It appears that the Count had kept them in awe by threatening to givo them twenty-five lashes a-pieco when he foil in with tho Austrian frigato ho was always expecting. Tho acting police magistrate in- duced the crow to re-ship undor a fresh agree- ment, all but tho captain and steward, who reraainodbehind. While in port tlio CounCwas alwajs dressed in the uniform of an Austrian captain ot cavalry, and wore a sword when on shore. He mado a great display of the money he had with him, and purposely left bills of exchango lying about his cabin foi visitors to seo, many of which were' filled in for large amounts, and only wanted his sig- nature. He succeeded in imposais upon the authorities, taking supplies for his vessel an'd paying for them in bills, which tho holders will doubtless discover are about as valuable as drafts upon Aldgate pump. Among those who were i swindled are two naturalists-one named Thorpe. The count bought stuffejd birds, &c;, from them to the amount of about £30, but some slight compunction must have touched him, for, contrary to, custom, he paid thom half ia cash and half by a bill. He sailed for Batavia on tho oightb day, leaving letters for the captain of tho Austrian frigate, and'his bankers incSydnoy. Tho fri- gate was ordered to follow ltira on to Timor. The captain ho has with him is ouo Austin, late master of tho brig R'eliancQ, which wris wrecked Jon tho Solomon group. He was ? picked up and brought into Bowen, whonrlo ho shipped¡as mato on,board the Hamlet's Ghost. Two days after sho'left Somerset, the schooner Captain Cook arrived 'from Boweii, with a warrant for the arrest of tho Count. " [ " It has been known for pomo time "says the Geelong Register ^fthatran unusualjy larçe and ferocious,'shark frequents' Corirj Bay, but we were'scarcely prepared for such particulars as WO received on Saturday after- noon, from Antonio, a Sicilian, and well known fisherman in Geelong. It appears' that on Friday, about" threo p.m., Antonio, with two other fishermen, woro on the bay in a boat almost thirty, feot long, whian Antonio was steering with an oar, when lio. observed the 'shark, an enormous monster, described as over twenty feot long, rushing ' directly at tho boat. The oar, which was being used as a nidder, entered its mouth which the shark broke like a match, carry- ing away about five feet of it, and struck the boat so heavily that one half of it was lifted completely out of the' water. Tbc men - experienced fishermen - and. Antonio, well acquainted, witk^sliarks in other parts of the world, acknowledge that they were never-struck-with such terror before. To use their own words, they felt as white as a pieco of paper. Had the boat been of lighter build it must havo boon over- turned, and little chance the 'threo men would haye had if once in the natural elo mont of the monster which attacked them. It will be remembered that four years since a young man, Mr. Warren, junior, was cruising in the bay, when his dog fell into thewator. Mr. Warner, who was an excel- lent swimmer, immediately jumped in after it. He, however, suddenly disappeared, and his body was never found. It is tbo belief of our informant that ho was swallowed by a shark, probably the ono above referred to, which has boon well known to tho fishermen from that time. On another occasion the same fishermen who related the above killed a shark six feet long, which they captured in their nets, and, ac- cording to custom, threw it into the water, when almost immediately, and whilst it was still close to the boat, the larger shark rushed at and <u'zed the dead fish, almost capsizing tho boat in so doing. If thô corporation would incur the necessary expenso, tho fisher- men would undertako its capture Thore is such a natural antipathy between sailors and 1 sharks that the work would be entered upon | conamore, and no doubt ultimately a good ac cpunt would bo given of a monstor which is rapidly becoming tho terror of the bay." Mr. D. G. Jones, of Deniliquin, isatSydney, i lo urge the question of railway extension to Deniliquin on the attention of the Govern- ment, He is to havo an interview with the Ministry. Intelligence from the Darling states : "There was another body of a man, name unknown, found at Wee-water Springs, on the road leading from this river to tho Paroo. IIo appeared to be a man of about sixty years of age, stout build, quito grey, and clean shaved, no had a pocket-book, in which thero was £114s. Gd., and memorandum 'Left BiliUn on tho 7th of October.' Eis swag was heavy, consisting of two pairs of blankota, ono Scotch kilt, oil bottles of medicino, box of pills, &c.; Ho had just put on a now pair of trousers, and was, it would appear from his position, in tho act of putting on one of his boots when ho fell forward on his faco, in which position ho was found." The Colac Observer has an indignant lead- ing article on a local infringement of the liberty of the press, in which, aftor a high tributo to the consequences which that liberty has secured and the intimate connexion be tweon personal and political freedom, and tbo right of free discussion, it observes :-' ' Wo do not think that the sons of Britons, so long as tho liberty of tbo press does not dege- nerate into licentiousness, will ovor permit tbo futile attempt of some selfish unite in a, population to curtail that liberty or destroy its existence." Reading on wo find that all this introductory only to an account how three Colac storekeepers withdrew their ad- vertisements from the paper because it had a paragraph recommending to notice an auction salo of some drapery. " We are informed," writes the Hamilton Spectator, " on what wo believe to bo reliable authority,' that a young unmarried woman,! named Shields, who is servant in tho family! of Mr. Miller, schoolmaster, at Skipton, has become the subject of a very remarkable and equally inconvenieritphenomenon. It seems1 that some timo since, while out in the bush,' sbo drank some water out of a watorkole,! being, we presume, impelled to that rash act rather by thirst than by choice. About three weclt9 ago, she felt something moving in her inside, and. shortly afterwards, both horself and her friends weio surprised to hear the croaking of a frog, the sound evidently pro- ceeding from the girl's body. Our informant assures us that tkore can be no mistake about this, as several peoplo havo attested to tho truth of the story. Early last week, Dr. Maxwell, of Skipton, called to seo tho patient, as it was feared ¿bat she herself might ' ci oak,' if not properly attended to The doctor administered somemedicine, which had the effect of disgusting froggy, who fora time knocked off croaking, On. Friday, however} he commenced again, and for all wo know] may still be teasing his unwilling patroness." , At the Theatre Royal last night thero was a very full house, when Mr. Telo's adaptation of Mr. Reade's novel was again played as an introduction to tho builesque. Miss Juno, as the Scotch Fishwife, repeated her success oi Saturday night, and the piece was improved in an important particular, by the oxcision of the objectionablo dance with which it oiiginally closed. Tho performances were witnessed by His Excollency the Governor, Lady Manners Sutton, and other members of His Excellency's family. j Thore was an overflowing houso at the Duke of Edinburgh Theatre last night, to witness Mr. Montgomery's admirable imper- sonation of Hamlet. This, Mr. Mont- gomery's most porfect performance, is alwayp w elcome, and each succeeding representation of the character invests the portraiture with new charms. Tho oxcellenco of tho per- formance last night was thoioughly recog- nised, the audienco throughout being enthu- siastic in their applause Mr. Montgomery, howover, appeared on this occasion undei certain disadvantages, ne was frequently very i ill-supported by the representatives of various personages in tho tragedy, while the stage appointments weio gene- rally very faulty, a defect which' oven tho very best acting cannot i always com- pensate for. Mrs. Steele as the Queou was oi course satisfactoiy ; in fact, her performance of the part left very little to be deshod, bul Mr, Steele as the King succeeded only in tho- roughly disappointing his friends. Mr. M'Gowan was not at home in Horatio, ant] Mr. Musgrave as Polonius was altogothoi overweighted, while tho play scone was vcrj nearly spoiled by tho inefficiency of the plajcrs. As a set off, the Laertes of Mr. Ireland was a great improvement on thle Laertes wo havo been acoustomod to foi somt time, and the difficult part of the Ghost was very well performed by Mr. Reeves. Mr. 'H. Davis as the first gravedigger was also rathol successful, though ono or two oE the points woro missed. Mrs. Waltor Hillls Ophelia is well-enough known to makq anj remarks upon it almost unnecessary. ' Slit cannot look tho part; but she delivers what is set down for hor with so much intel- ligence and effect as to bo quita refreshing after the inanimate sing-song of tho namby pamby Misses wo havo been accustomod te seo in this charactor. Owing to tho length of tho tragedy, it constituted the wholo oi tho entertainment. To-night " Othello" will bo porformed, with Mr.'Montgomery as1 Iagc ana Mr. Steele as tho Moor. Tbo twelfth anniversary of'tho Ballarat Fire Brigade is to bo, celebrated by a picnic ,at the Botanical-gardens, and a grand ball in tho evening on Thursday next, the 26th Novomber. A grand soirée rmisiàak in aid of St. Mary's choir, at Williamstown, was hold last oven ing at the Forestors'-m'l in that borough. Thero was a'good attendance, and an agree- able ovening was spent. , , Tho committco of tho " Prahran Populai Readings '' announco that the last entortaiti ment of the present soason will take place this ovening at tho Town-hall, and that ar unusually attractive programme has* boori prepared for the occasion. , r Handel's oratorio, " Samson," will bo giver 1 by the Melbourne Philharmonic Society thu evening in , St. Georgo's-hall.. His Excel 'lèncythe Governor has expressed his ihtontior to bo present We have been rogucstod te state Unit tho centro of the reserved seats will bo set'apart for ladies and gentlemon ii: , ovening costume. . j Wo have received from Messrs. Masorj ïirib,1 and Co., a copy of their -diisíraKa) Astronomical and Nautical Almanac fqi 1860\. The astronomical tablés aro by Mr. E J. White, of the Melbourno Observatory. I is very neatly printed, and besides tho usua calendar and tables, contains'a great deal ó useful information of a very misccllanoou kindv | 