CHURCH-KATES. It would be idle to pretend to under rate tbe importance of the decision by which Church-rates have been abolished. We say abolished, for it would be mere affectation to consider Mr. Gladstone s Bill in the light of a compromise. It is abolition, even though the form of the abolition is the very reverse of pure and simple. We all knew that the position of Church-rates was logically and legally untenable. An obligation to do a thing which may be done or neglected is no obligation at all, and sooner ot later the form, or pretence, of the obligation must be abolished. Whether, when this prin ciple is conceded, it is worth while to devise a cumbrous set of devices to pre serve the mere ghost of a dead institution maybe reasonably doubted. A qualified abolition is very nearly a contradiction m terms. The Bill of Mr. Gladstone- who at the last moment feels some compunc tion at owning his offspring, so we will call it the Bill ot Mr. Waldegrave-Leslie -when it came on for discussion on Wed nesday, embodied abolition with a difference. Because this difference was a purely imaginary difference, it of course recom mended itself to Mr. Gladstone's iove of refinement. The Bill abolished-the com pulsory payment of Church-rates, bot it left the Church-rate, if that mav be called a rate in which every quality of a rate is lost. A rate is a rate, and a rate means something that must be paid, whether one likes it or not; but Mr. Gladstones Bill proposed, and perhaps in some way still proposes, that the rate should be asked for with all the old formalities, and then that a poll might be taken on the question whether a rate should be made, but only a poll of those who would pledge themselves to pay it, those who did not under any circumstances intend to pay being debarred from tbe great privilege of voting on the question of rate or no rate. This pledge to pay thd rate in substance means no more than putting one s name down in a voluntary subscription list. When the matter came to be debated, it was seen that this safeguard or security merely affected to preserve what was not worth preserving, and was so illusory, if it ever could emerge from the realm of shadows, that it was abandoned with only a show of reluctance by the promoters ot the Bill. But though this clause was lost, one which depended on it remains; and, as the Bill stands, power is given by it to enforce the recovery of a sum agreed to be paid by those who are in favour of voluntary pay ment, though how their liability has been undertaken there is no provision for ascer taining. We very much doubt whether, with all his subtlety, Mr. Gladstone or anybody else can tell us what the voluntary rate which his Bill at the present moment authorizes is; who can and who cannot avail himself of its privileges; who can, and when he can, evade them. The old confusion has been superseded by a new complication, and one series of uncer tainties replaces another. If it were worth, white to consider the remote causes which still leave the matter of Church-Tates thus vague and compli cated, it would be found in the difficulty, perhaps the impossibility, of abolishing the Parish itself, as well as the Church rate. The Vestry must be preserved, and so a distinction was at one time thought of with a view to save some reality of Church rates by establishing a new Church Vestry, with whom should be lodged the power of collecting and applying Church funds, and leaving the old Parish Vestry for non ecclesiastical purposes. But the Dissen ters would not be "ticketed;" and, apart from Nonconformists, there remained the anomalous and bat-like body who claim to be Churchmen for all purposes except paying for their Chuichmanship. No doubt such persons exist, and a voluntary rate is precisely the best method for rear ing and encouraging the breed of these i hybrids. Mr. Gladstone's Bill, as it origi nally stood, was designed-whether it would have succeeded in attaining the object is another matter-to check the growth of this variety. The man who announces his intention beforehand to give nothing to the support of the Church ought to have no voice in disposing of, or applying the voluntary offerings of those who are inclined to give, So far every one would agree. The Bill as it stood met this case, and excluded from any voice in the <psposal of Church funds or rates not onfr those who all along would have nothinglto do with the Church, but those who, having promised to contribute, had failed to do so. But this provision cut two ways. It visited with a penalty those who had thought worse of it-that is, who having undertaken to pay a Church-rate, backed out of their promise; but it also apparently debarred a locrn poenitentioe tbose who might think better of it, and, having once refused to pay, had altered, or were likely to alter, their mind and become ! willing to contribute. If no person who had declined to pay a previous Ghurch rate was to have a vote upon another, it is obvious that this provision made a man a permanent Dissenter, or at any rate in capacitated him for life from paying to wards the support of the Church, at least as a vestryman. And we suppose that these reasons combined-namely, the dis covery that the clause created a perpetual disability, and that it interfered with the parishioner's rights as a vestryman proved fatal to Mr. Gladstone's attempt at solving the difficulty. And no doubt there are cases, and there are emergencies, and there are purposes, in regard to which a parishioner may fairly say that a rate is now advisable and now unadvisable; or at any rate there may be times at which, and objects for which he may reasonably decline to open his purse. The mainte nance of the fabric, for example, and its insurance, the salaries of the officials and provision for the necessary services, stand on a very different ground from organists, choir expenses, and the other luxuries of religion. It is a narrow view of this diffi culty to look at it as one only likely to occur in the question of so-called Ritualistic services. It goes much further than this. On the one hand is the very reasonable reluctance on the part of Churchmen to admit that the church is a common pro perty held for religious purposes, and alike for religionists attached and unattached a reluctance which takes the form of Churchmen .declining to accept a fabric rate; and on the other, is - the equally strong reluctance on the part of others to be driven into practical, and, still worse, perpetual non-conformity on the mere score of objection, and perhaps provisional objection, to this or that annual Church rate. Anyhow, the conclusion into which we are forced is that the voluntary assessment, as it stands in Mr. Gladstone's present Bill, not likely to work; and that this thin and unsubstantial compromise is des tined, if not in its further progress through Parliament, at least ultimately, to be re solved into its kernel, the one clause for abolishing the compulsory rate. It would be futile to disguise the importance of this event. It is unquestionably a vast step towards the separation of Church and State, supposing that connection to exist, and admitting that the expression is more than a picturesque figure. It may be very desirable for ardent Churchmen to persuade the mselves that all this is for the best, and that the exchange of the security of an application to the magistrates for the higher and holier sanction of conscience and sacred duty is a benefit to the Church. Of the piety and beauty of these sentiments there can be, or ought to be, no question. We are not sneering at them when we say that there will be many and many a parish in which immediate, and perhaps permanent, . loss will be caused by the abolition of Church rates. In the great towns the change ensuing on the abolition of the compulsory rate will not be much, or generally felt. Where a church in a populous parish has a large and flourishing congregation, it will be supported in all its dignity and even splendour. But there are hundreds and hundreds of churches, not only in rural districts, but in the deserted places of even London, where the abolition of Church-rates will soon come to mean the suppression of the Church. Experience of the rural and shopkeeping mind does not lead, us to expect that, when a great many inducements are provided by law for enabling small farmers in villages and non-resident owners in city parishes not to pay, they will be very anxious to pay. At first, at any rate, there will be considerable confusion, and plenty of subterfuge and shabbiness, and here and there churches will fall down, and here and there they will be closed. But in most cases these things will right them selves. The abolition of compulsory Church-rates must be supplemented and weighed by new facilities for endowing churches-not clergy. Landowners, it is already understood, must be trusted with increased inducements and. powers to create Church funds in their parishes; and there are few parishes in which it would not be possible, perhaps easy, to create a capital the interest of which would be equivalent to the present Church rate. In cities where, for instance, the amalgamation of benefices fails to produce a Church fund, it might be easy to extend the provisions of the late Bishop of Lon don's Act, and to endow the church, not the clergyman, with part of the proceeds of the sale of a useless and unnecessary church. For it is a curious thing that in places like the city of London, where one church is totally without funds or endow ment, another church in the next street may have estates and endowments.so large, and settled on the fabric, that it is difficult to expend the income. The precedent set by the union of parishes for poor-law purposes might perhaps be extended to Church-maintenance purposes; and it is not robbing Peter to pay Paul to ask of Peter's superfluities to supplement Paul's poverty. Useless lectureships and en dowed week-day preachments in town churches too might well be commuted into a Church Maintenance Fund. But such matters belong to the future. The only thing which we are anxious that Chuch men should realize is that the change will be a very real and serious one, and is not to be dealt with by sentimental talk. , 