CHAPTER VIII. Continued The morning of the twenty-fourth of November broke gloomy and threateaing. A strong gale blew from the southward, bearing on its wing dense clouds of sand and dust. Heavy drops of rain fell sluggishly at intervals, and deep-toned thunder growled heavily in the distance. It was one of those mornings when men look anxiously in each other's faces, to see if the terrible presentimests which have unaccountably taken possession of themselves are shared in by their neighbours ; when the merry voice of childhood is hushed into tearful silence, and the tottering steps of age grow more feeble and uncertain, as though afraid to stumble into the grave unexpectedly ; when dwellers on the sea coast fancy they hear cries of distress borne on the rushing wind, and they who live inland sigh for the fresh breeze of the ocean ; and when all the long-forgotten stories of ghosts, goblin, murders, wrecks, fires and unfathomable mysteries, which we heard in childhood, crowd back upon the mind and roll over each other in one mess of uninteligible confusion. Harry Linton felt, in common with the rest of that portion of mankind who are capable of feeling anything, an unaccountable depression of spirits. He had passed a wretched night. When awake his thoughts would naturally turn on Dora, but he could not see her in his mind's eye as he had always seen her in actual life - artless, lovely, and faithful. Dark thoughts would always intrude, and hoarse voices would whisper in his ear warnings of coming tribulation. Strange forms would alwarys persist in accompanying the beloved vision which he conjured up, and presently hide it from his view. When asleep the same shapes would become more palpable to sight, and the voices grow louder in their predictions of coming trouble. He woke shortly after daybreak with a splitting headache, and anxious desire to see Colonel Winter as soon as possible. He determined to go down to that gentleman's house, and enquire when he would return. On arriving there he was told by old Peggy that the Colonel had, before his departure on the previous day, left word that he would be at home by one o'clock. It was yet only eight o'clock, so Harry bethought himself that a walk would be advisable, to blow away the mental cobwebs with which he was afflicted. He turned down King- street and so into George-street, along which he strolled in the direction of Brickfield Hill. Few men were out on such a morning, and those who were, appeared heartily to wish themselves indoors again. Harry had just gained the outskirts of the town, and come to the conclusion that a walk in a Sydney dust-storm is neither conducive to good health nor temper, when he was accosted by a man dressed in the rough garb of a labourer. " Morning sir !" said the man respectfully, selecting a tuft of hair which grew immediately over the centre of his forehead, and pulling it by way of salute. " Good morning !" returned Harry. " If I may make so bold sir, beant you a proud Salopian ?" asked the stranger. Harry smiled : " Yes my man !" he said " I come from that fine old county." " So do I sir !" exclaimed the other heartily, "and every man who comes from there I look upon as a brother, humbly asking your pardon sir," he added apparently fearing that he bad given offence. Harry, however, only smiled at his companion claiming relationship with him. " Leave Sydney at once sir ! " the man said excitedly coming close up to Harry, " you are in danger. Leave this day ! " Harry was so astonished at this extraordinary speech of his companion, that he was unable to utter a word in reply. The stranger at that moment espied a man on horseback riding towards them, and hurriedly ran away, before the bewildered young man could ask him any question, regarding his strange warning. The horseman cantered past, and Harry recognised Mr. Cash. The young man then sauntered slowly back again, and in a few moments, the pent up storm burst forth in all its terrific grandeur, driving the foot passengers before it to seek shelter from its fury. Harry made the best of his way to the barracks where he remained until a quarter to one o'clock. He then went forth to have the long dreaded interview with Colonel Winter. He had just reached the door of the house in Macquarie street, when he saw the Colonel and another gentleman riding towards him on horseback, and waited for them to come up. At this moment two rough looking men rushed towards him, and, before he could look around he was handcuffed and a prisoner. " I arrest you Master Linton," said one of the men, " for forgery !" Harry could not speak, he appeared paralysed, rooted to the spot. Colonel Winter and his companion rode hurriedly up. " What is the meaning of this ?" enquired the former gentlemen in a voice of unaffected amazement. " Nuffin much sir !" said one of the men civilly, "only Master Linton's charged with forging a cheque for fifteen hundred pounds, and a good hawl too ! " he added in a tone expressive of admiration. " Leave this business in my hands, Winter," said Mr. Camp hurriedly, " I'll see what can be done. Very shocking, very ! I'll come with you to the police office constable, and hear the charge made." The constables bowed respectfully to Mr. Camp, and took their prisoner away. That night the pale moonlight fell, soft and serene over the slumbering city after the storm of the day, and lighted up the fair sleeping face of Dora who was dreaming of happiness, and of one, who at that moment lay heart-broken and alone, a prisoner in Sydney gaol. 