' LONuFELLOW IN ENGLAND. ' INK following excellent verses which appeared in the TIMM on July 2, as a welcome to Professor Long tallow, were generally attributed to Mr. Charles kingsley. They were written by Mr. Charles Kent, welcome to 1 England ! thou whose strains prolong The glorious bEde roll of our Baton song Ambassador and Pilgrim Burd In one, Fresh from the home-the bolac of Washington (In hearths as sacred as thine own, here stands The loving welcome that thy name commands ; Hearths swept for thee and garnished as a shrine Dy trailing (garments of by Mu60 divine, look of Nature and of Nations, know Thy fair fame spans the ocean like a bow, Born from the rain that falls into each line, Kindled by dreams with her latest fancies rife ; A radiant arch UiM with prismatic dyes I sales the two worlds, its keystone in the Mea. The noblest creatures of those dreams of thine, from Hlnwalhu to Evangeline, I Jloro thou wilt find where'er thy footsteps roam, Loved as the cherished cares of each home. What prouder refrain heartens to the care of Than thou Last sung in brave Excelsior 1 V heard sounds more gladdening 'and this earthly strife than the sweet cartons of the Psalm of Life 3 none but the rarest raconteur may grace The morale conteSt where most yield then place. ' Kay which, for either, fairer wreaths produce, Irrlng'B Astoria of the Flower de Luce J Which haunted hostel cures more guests within, Hawlborni'a Seven Gables or thy Wayside Inn Turning to pictured page, what varying dyes Shine through each latticed margin's new surprises were the Bwart Blacksmith, scorched with grime and tan, Tears in his eyes, yet every inch a man. Here, 'mid the ice-field, having his last breath, The poor Slave monarch of dreams himself to death. More, while without loud raves the tempest's din, Here, while around the revellers brawl within, The dying Baron throw the grave's dark goal Seeks Christ's redeeming passport for his soul. Who hears not now, stormed down among the leaves, The rain had poured like cataracts from the caves, Roared throat li the kennels, lashed the streaming panes, I loaded the theatres, the streets, the courts, the Innes, Staging like so us that o'er some foundering wreck Swill thro' the scuppers from the swimming deck ! Cool, teeming, plintcouB, soul refreshing showers Guarded by parched earth and by the thirsting flowers, or less by those who listened to thy song As, like I adore s, thy deluge dashed along, in here subtler solace than thy gentle voice From river hearts can draw till griefs rejoice t Answer, what oft repining woe overpower That lay serene, the Reaper and the Flowers a So large they sympathies thy hand can trace Charms in each crime and glory in each race to penetrate thy love, its gave can find Coat in the flower, His breathings in the wind ; Mesh with mere hempen colt in rope-walk spun All human joys and ills beneath the sun, is nice with grand echoes of responsive rhymes Long silent notes of median al chimes , hay, bear in hush of carried arms arrayed The diapason of the c cannonade " 'Mid purgatorial fires, in heaven, in roll, Iii j dauntless soul h nth lately dared to dwell, rawing o'er burning mark where Dante trod With Virgil's ghost to Beatrice and God yet rarely gifted nature to translate, Eifltct not others, thou thyself create. Ring out once more in thy own golden lines Life's inner meaning, not the Florentines Thou who hast get on thy dreaming to our sight And syllables the 'Voices of the Night Thou who hast sung, as none but thou could sing, The tender legend of the Angel-King Thou who around with a fluent hand halt thrown The heavens) large of thy benison, Regarding none is niles to thy breast Columbia a Poet, hill as England's Guest. CK. 