CHURCH OF ENGLAND DIOCESAN SYNOD. THE first session commenced on May 6. The delegates attended at St. John's temporary church in the morning, at 11 o'clock. The Rev. J. Bliss read the morning prayers. The Bey. T. Jones read the first lesson. The Bey. J. Moberly read the second lesson. The Bey. J. Mathews said the Litany, and the Bishop, assisted by the Yen. the Archdeacon, celebrated Holy Communion. All the clerical delegates were present, and most of the lay members. At ten minutes past 3 o'clock in the afternoon the Synod assembled in the Chamber of Com merce, Town Hall. The Bight Rev. Dr. Tufnell, | president; the Yen. Archdean Glennie, vice president. After prayer had been offered by the President, he read the following minute of Con ference, by virtue of which the Synod was assembled:—" Moved by Mr. Douglas, seconded by the Bey. E. G. Moberly, and carried, — That the Bight Bey. the Bishop be requested to convene a Synod of this diocese in Brisbane, in the month of April or May next." The roll was then called, and the following members answered to their names:— CI.KEGY. Bey. John Bliss. Bey. G. G. Danvers. „ — Campbell. „ W. T. Harte. „H. C. Claughton. „ — Jagg. „ C. J. Clayton. „ T.Jones. „ E. G. Moberly. „ Jas. Matthews. „ Jno. Mosely. „ R. Thackeray. LAYMEN. Messrs. L. A . Bernays. Messrs. H. P. Abbott. „ W. D. Box. „ J. Macdonnell. „ W. A. Tully. „ A. Martin. „ E. MacDonnell. „ S. L. Peterson. „ T.V. Dudgeon. „ Justice Lut „ W. L. G. Drew. wyche. „ H. Sparrow. „ A. Hodgson. „ E. Marley. „ J.C.S. Hegarty „ W.C.Belbridge. „ Bobt. Ramsay. „ W. T. Blakeney. „ O. Coxen. „ Capt. Priaulx. „ Jno. Douglas. >„ R.T.Atkin. > „ — M'Arthur. The lay members absent were, Messrs. D. F. Roberta, Judge Sheppard, G. Faircloth, J. Taylor, W. H. Groom, and G. Clarke. The roll was then signed by the delegates present. On the motion of the Rev. R. Thackeray, seconded by the Rev. T. Jones, the Rev. Jno. Bliss was unanimously elected as secretary to the Conference. Mr. A. Mabttk proposed, and Mr. W. T. Blakeney seconded, a motion to the effect that Mr. R. T. Atkin be lay secretary. Carried. president's address. The President then read the following address:— B My Rev. Brethren and Brethren of the Laity, —In my opening address to the Conference of clergy and lay delegates who, by mv invitation, assembled at Brisbane in September of last year, I said that the first question which I de aired to submit for their consideration was whether, in the judgment of the Conference, the time had arrived when it would be desir able for us to enter npon some form of synodical action, with a view to the ordering and government of the Church in this diocese, and, if so, what form of synodical action it would be desirable to adopt; whether it should be by legislative enactment or consensual com pact, and the Conference having expressed a unanimous opinion that the time had arrived for the adoption of some form of synodical action, it was, after careful consideration, resolved that the Synod to be convened should be founded on the basis of voluntary compact, and not on legislative enactment, and a committee of the Conference was appointed to enquire into and report upon a Constitution for the Church in 'fills diocese, which might be laid before the Synod, which I was requested to convene in the month of April or May of the present year. It was also resolved that the basis of repre sentation should be that which I had adopted in convoking the Conference—namely, Church membership ; that an electoral roll should be prepared in each parish or district, to be signed by every adult male member of the Church, of 21 years of age and upwards; to which roll the following de claration should be attached:—" I, A. 8., do hereby declare that I am a bond fide member of the United Church of England and Ireland, and of no other communion." That one dele gate should be given to each parish, two dele gates where the numbers of Church members enrolled should amount to thirty, and three delegates where the number of Church members enrolled should amount to one hundred or more; hut in no case should any one district return more than three delegates. And it was also determined that every person elected as a repre sentative to the Synod should be required, on taking his seat, to make the following declara tion :—" I, A.8., do solemnly declare that I am bond fide a communicant member of the United Church of England and Ireland, resident in the diocese of Brisbane, and of no Other communion." These resolutions of the Conference have, I believe, been duly observed in the convening of this Synod, which I have declared to be duly constituted; and at the conclusion of my address, as it will be necessary for us to have some rules for our guidance in debate, it will be my duty to re quest you, my reverend brethren, and my brethren of the laity, to appoint a select committee to draw up a code of stand ing orders, which may be presented to the Synod, and considered in a committee of the whole; and also a committee of qualifications, to whom may be referred the election of any delegate, the formality of whose election may be called in question. These preliminaries having been adjusted, the report of the Standing Com mittee of the Conference, appointed on the 6th of September last, to consider of a Consti tution for the Church in this diocese, will be laid before you. Those of yon, my brethren, who were present at the late Conference, may re member that in speaking of the present position of the Colonial Church, and its connection with the mother country, with reference to at once securing the general unity of our now widely spreading branch of the Catholic Church oi Christ with the necessary independent govern ment of its several brunches in all matters of local detail and internal discipline, I advisedly said that I should purposely refrain from enter ing at any length upon the consideration of that question, because I thought that it was our wisdom to await the result of the deliberations, and trust to profit by the wisdom and experience of those Bishops of the several branches of the Catholic Church of Christ in visible union and communion with the United Church of England and Ireland, who, by the invitation of the Archbishop of Canterbury and Primate of all England, were at that Ume about to assemble under his Grace's presidency, in solemn conference, at Lambeth; and it will, lam sure, be satisfactory to you to learn that the resolutions adopted by our Conference, in September last, were almost entirely in accordance with those which were adopted by the Conference of Bishops of the Anglican communion assembled at Lambeth about the came time. Theae resolutions, so far as they relate to the establishment and or ganisation of Diocesan Synods, I will now read to you. On the question of the relation of the Diocesan to the Provincial Synod, and of the Provincial Synod to a higher Synod or Council, of the Anglican communion, it is not at pre sent necessary that I should enter. Extract from the report of the committee appointed under resolution 5, by the Conference of Bishops of the Anglican communion, held at Lambeth Palace, September 24-27 th, 1867: " In the organisation of Synodal order, for the government of the Church, the Diocesau Synod appears to be the primary and simplest form of Buch organization." . ..." By the Diocesan Synod the co-operation of all members of the body is obtained in Church action, and that acceptance of Church rules is secured which, in the absence of other law, usage, or enactment, gives to these rules the force of laws binding on those who expressly, or by implication, have consented to them." " For this reason,wherever the Church is not established by law, it is, in the judgment of your committee, essential to order and good government that the diocese should be organized by a Synod. Your com jinittee consider that it is not at variance with the ancient principles of the Church that both clergy and laity should attend the Diocesan Synod, and that it is expedient that the Synod should consist of the Bishop and clergy of the diocese, with representatives of the laity. The constitution of the Diocesan Synod may be de termined either by rules for that branch of the Church established by the Synod of the province, or by general consent in the diocese itself, its rules being sanctioned afterwards by the Provincial Synod. Your committee, however, recommend that the follow ing general rules should be adopted, namely : — That the Bishop, clergy, and laity 'should sit together, the Bishop presiding. That votes should be taken by orders whenever demanded, and that the concurrent assent of Bishop, clergy, and laity, should be necessary to the validity of all acts of the Synod. They con sider that the clerical members of the Synod should be those clergy who are recognised by the Bishop, according to the rules of the Church in that diocese as being under his jurisdiction. Whether in large dioceses where the clergy are very numerous, they might appear by represen tation, is a difficult question, and one on which your committee are not prepared to express an opinion. The lay representatives in the Synod ought, in the judgment of your committee, to be male communicants of at least one year's standing in the diocese, and of the full age of 21\. It should be required that the electors should be members of the Church in that diocese, and belonging to the parish in which they claim to vote. It appears desirable that the regular meetings of the Synod should be fixed and periodical, and that the right of convening special meetings whenever they may be required should be reserved to the Bishop." The committee adds,—" The office of the Diocesan Synod is generally to make re gulations, not repugnant to those of higher Synods, for the order and good government of the Church within the diocese, and to promul gate the decisions of the Provincial Synod." Amongst the many subjects which will claim the attention of the Synod, I, my brethren, may mention—The sustentation of the clergy, and their appointment to their respective cures; the organisation and subdivision of parishes; the consecration of churches and cemeteries; the compilation or selection of a hymnal for general use in the diocese; the education of the young; the supply of the occasional offices of the church, such as marriages and burials ; church dues and fees; the adoption of some model trust deed, or the appointment of a Board who, subject to the control of the General Synod, and to the terms of any specific trust, may stand possessed of lands or moneys, either granted by the Crown or given by individual members, for the use and benefit of the church ; the education of the children of the clergy, and some provision for those who, through infirmity or age, are no longer able to fulfil the active duties of the ministry. It is probable, my brethren, with regard to some of these many questions, that you will find it desirable to appoint select committees to in quire into and report upon them to a future ses sion of the Synod, but I would desire more par ticularly to urge upon your immediate atten tion, as questions of the deepest and most pressing importance to the progress of religion in this diocese, those which refer to the con tinual increase in the number of the clergy, and the most desirable course to be adopted with a view to their sustentation; because, whilst I am perfectly aware that the work before the Synod is more than it can at all hope to grapple with satisfactorily in the course of a single session, yet we must remember that a very large number of souls each year are pas sing into eternity ; and that, although within the last eight years the number of the clergy in the diocese has been increased nearly sixfold, yet there are large districts of the interior which rarely, if ever, are visited by the ministers of any religious denomination whatsoever. I trust, therefore, that the obtaining the services of addi tional clergymen for the ministry of the Church in this diocese, the support of the clergy, and the mode of their appointment to fill existing cures which from time to time may from cir cumstances become vacant, and open up new centres of missionary exertion in the interior districts of the colony, may be amongst the subjects which will occupy the earliest attention of the Synod. It will be for you, my brethren, carefully to consider whether, in your judg ment, it is moat desirable that the contributions of the members of the Church for the support of the clergy should be cast into one common fund, or that each clergyman should, as at present, be maintained by the contributions of the members of the Church resident in the district in which he ministers. I believe, my brethren, that in any colonial diocese where it is practicable, a system of partial endowments for the support of the clergy in the different districts, to be supplemented by the voluntary contributions of the members of the congrega tion to whom they minister, will eventually be found to be the most desirable and satisfactory expedient. To be entirely supported by volun tary contributions, in my judgment places the clergyman in a position of unhealthy depend ence upon the will of the congregation; whilst, on the other hand, it appears to me that the system of entire endowment is exposed to the danger of rendering the clergy too independent of the affectionate respect and good will of those who are committed to their pastoral supervision; and it will be my desire to bring under the control of the Synod certain portions of land, some of whioh are the gift of individual members of the Church, and others kave been purchased by me with funds kindly placed at my disposal t y English friends. These lands we can scarcely expect will for some little time be productive of any return, and occasionally they are sources of expense when you are called upon by the owner of an adjoining property for your share of the dividing fence; but with the increase of population and prosperity in the colony, they may, I trust, be found here after a valuable assistance in providing a glebe and partial endowment for the clergy in some districts of the diocese. And here, whilst lam speaking of the support of the clergy, it will be a seasonable opportunity for me to mention to the Synod the assistance which has been afforded to my diocese by the Incorporated Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in the Colonies, Plantations, and Factories of the British Em pire. In the year 1865, the clergyman offici ating at Maryborough, with the Wide Bay dis trict, and Taroom, with the Upper Dawson, each received £100 from the venerable society, in part payment of their stipends; and that year, being in England, I obtained from the society, partly in consequence of the depressed condition of the colony, an increased additional grant of £500 per annum (in all £700) for three years. That augmentation of the society's grant has enabled me to assist in providing the stipends of clergymen for the new districts of Roma and Port Mackay, and has been a valuable aid in preventing, by a temporary assistance, the sad necessity for the withdrawal of the ministering clergy from some of the districts where the commercial depression of the colony rendered it almost impossible for the scattered congregations to supply the neces sary stipend. That grant will expire at the close of the present year, but I have asked the venerable society for a renewal of the grant, or of a portion of it, and in doing so I have suggested that in future the grant assigned by the society to my diocese should be ad ministered by the bishop, in conjunction with the Standing Committee of the Synod. To gether with the maintenance of the clergy, I trust that you, my brethren, will give your care ful attention to a scarcely le9B important ques tion—that of their appointment to their re spective cures. As I said in my opening ad dress to the Conference, it is, in my judgment, very desirable that the different congregations should have a voice in the appointment of their clergy, but it is a subject which will require very careful consideration, and it should be well understood that a clergyman, when once presented to the Bishop, and ap pointed by him to a cure, has a moral, if not a legal, right to the regular quarterly payment of the stipend which was as sured to him when he was presented to the ; Bishop for appointment, and that he cannot, ! when once appointed, be removed from his cure, i except upon just cause shown either to the 1 Bishop and to some tribunal appointed by the I Synod and approved by the Bishop. It will be for the Synod to consider whether, with a view to from time to time obtaining the services of clergymen from England, it is desirable that the Bishop should altogether divest himself of the responsibility of the appoinment of the clergy, or whether, by some defined system —such, for instance, as alternate presentation to the diffe rent cures of the diocese, he should share the re sponsibility with the congregation. In hia Cathedral, when the circumstances of the colony will allow one to be built, it will, I believe, be almost necessary that the appointment of the officiating clergy should be vested in the Bishop. I have already, my brethren, felt it necessary to occupy at some length the attention of the Synod, but there are yet some subjects which I should be unwilling to pass over in bringing my address to a close. It is, I think, desirable that upon the occasion of this first meeting of our Synod I should briefly review what has, by God's blessing, during the last eight years been accomplished in the diocese in the way of church extension. I have already said that the number of clergy officiating in the diocese has been increased nearly six-fold. In the municipality of Bris bane, and its immediate vicinity, new congrega tions have been gathered, and churches built at Wickham Terrace, Lutwyche, and Toowong. The churches of Fortitude Valley, South Bris bane, and Kangaroo Point have been enlarged, and St. John's is in course of enlargement; at Grovely and Doughboy Creek, in the same neighborhood, churches are being built; at Ipswich, of the debt of £2800 which existed upon the church, £1800 has, by the exertions of the congregation, been paid off, and the par sonage, which had fallen into considerable de cay, thoroughly repaired ; at Toowoomba and Drayton, the churches have been enlarged, and steps are being taken at Toowoomba for the erection of a new church; at Dalby, a con venient church and parsonage have been built; at Taroom a parsonage; at Warwick a sub stantial parsonage has been built upon a beautiful site, which was kindly given by a former member of the congregation; and a church is in course of erection, which, when completed, promises to be the finest building of stone dedicated to the service of Almighty God which has been hitherto erected in the colony. At Allora a church has been built, and I have been enabled to place there a lay reader, who conducts Divine Service twice every Sunday in the little church, and visits in the week the family settlements in the neighborhood, and the laborers employed on the line of railway. At Maryborough and Rockhampton churches have been built; and at Bowen, which is beyond the limits of the diocese, a small church and parsonage have been erected. I must not forget to mention the churches, which, by the liberality of the proprietors of stations, have been built at Yandilla and Gumburra. I should wish to avail myself of this opportunity of publicly acknowledging the kind gratuitous services of the Bey. Mr. Creyke, who is at present assisting Mr. Mosely in the care of the Ipswich district, and who, if he happily finds that his present desire to return to ministerial duty is not inconsistent with his health, will, I hope, before long be able to allow me to enroll him amongst the regular clergy of my diocese, and so summon him to take bis place in our Synod; and although His Honor is present as a mem ber of our Synod, I cannot from any motives of false delicacy shrink from acknowledging the very valuable services of Mr. Justice Lutwyche, who, as a layman, has, in the absence of the Bey. Mr. Matthews, regularly conducted the services in the Church at Kedron Brook. Neither would I forget the kind services of Cap tain Macarthy and Mr. Drew at Toowong; and of Mr. Nicholson at Grovely. I shall hope on some future occasion to bring before the Synod for their approval a few simple rules, with a view to the regular employment of lay agency in my diocese; and here, my reverend brethren, and my brethren of the huty, I cannot refrain from raying that not only in conducting Divine Service in the absence of the clergyman, but in parochial visitation, and in works of oharity and mercy, the kind co-operation of lay communi cant members, and of ladies who are willing to devote some portion of their time to so Christian a work, might, I think, often with great ad vantage be sought by the clergy. A careful house to house visitation is one of the most important parts of a clergyman's duty. It is a trite but true saying, that a house-going pastor makes a Church going people. To my mind a well-oiganised parish almost implies some regular system of lay visitation under the direction of the clergy man, by which the attention of the pastor may without delay at all times be directed to cases requiring his spiritual ministrations. The school, my brethren, has been regarded as the handmaid of the Church ; and in a well-ordered parish, next in importance to the ministrations of the ordained pastor, we may regard the effi ciency of the teachers of the day and Sunday schools. Some of our daily sohools, as at For titude Valley, South Brisbane, and Toowoomba, are, I am glad to say, assisted by the Board of General Education; but in these it is found necessary, by a practical experience, that there should be an adjustment of the relative position occupied by the inspector appointed by the board and the clergyman of the parish, subject to the supervision of the Bishop. To others of our schools, as at St. John's, Spring Hill, and Ipswich, aid has been refused ; but it is only fair that I should cay that since my return from England our applications for assistance to those schools have not been renewed. I have beenrather awaiting the meeting of the Synod, aud I hope to look to its standing committee, or to a com mittee specially appointed by the Synod for the purpose, for valuable co-operation. I need scarcely do more than repeat what I have already often taid, that it is my earnest desire that the secular instruction afforded in our schools should be thoroughly efficient; but that, together with efficient secular teaching, we should be allowed to impart a sound religious education to the children of our communion. When the Synod shall have been enabled to make some better provision for the regular payment of the sti pends of the clergy, and for affording assistance to the more newly settled and widely scattered populations occupying the interior, who are themselves able to do but little towards pro viding the ministrations of religion, the endow ment of the See will claim a share of its atten tion. At present it consists of the capital sum of £6000 provided by the Colonial Bishopric's Council, with the assistanceof societies in England, to which has been recently added £1000 from the contributions of English friends. This capital sum of £7000 is, with the sanction of the Colonial Bishopric's Council, invested in first mortgages in the name of the Bishop and his successors; and lest any loss might accrue to the See, my personal estate is liable for the capital amount. There is also in the hands of trustees a sum of £2200, arising from the subscriptions of friends in the colony, and from the interest on original subscriptions, which, for a period of six years, has been permitted to accumulate. This sum is also invested in mortgages, but from circum stances into which I will not now stop to enter, some loss will, I fear, accrue to the See. When the Synod is in a position to make an arrange ment for the permanent support of the Bishop, I shall be glad, with the concurrence of the Colonial Bishopric's Council, to arrange that as opportunity offers the moneys at present in vested in mortgages should be laid out in the purchase of Government securities, or be in vested in such way as may be thought most expedient for the benefit of the See, and be brought under the control of the Synod. I hope shortly to be able to say that by the kind ness of English friends a convenient See house lias been provided for the permanent residence of the Biebop. There is at present in my hands a capital sum of £3000, placed at my disposal by Eugliah friends, together with £600, which is at present lent to two congregations of the dio cese, as assistance towards the building of par sonage houses. The interest of the £3000 is devoted to the support of those Church of Eng land schools to which aid ha 9 hitherto been re fused by the Board of General Education. But I trust that the time is not far distant when, without any sacrifice of principle, our schools may be assisted by the board. This capital sum of £3000 will then be set free, and of it I pur pose to apply £1000 towards an endowment of a bishopric for the northern portion of the colony, £1000 for the benefit of orphan children of members of the Church of England, £300 towards the purposes of education, and £500 towards the endowment of the archdeaconry. The other £600, as it is repaid, will be added as an augmentation to the endowment of the See of Brisbane. In the appropriation of the moneys entrusted to my care, I trust that I have endea vored to meet the wishes of my English friends, and to consult the best interests of my diocese. To enable our branch of the Catholic Church of Christ to lengthen her cords and strengthen her stakes, that she may, in dependence on the Divine blessing, fulfil the purposes of her mis j sion, the Synod will, I trust, devise some means for the establishment of a church exten sion fund, by means of which provision may be made for the outfit and passage of clergymen, and candidates for holy orders coming from England, and for the temporary support of clergymen in the poorer and' more widely scat tered portions of the interior. There are, lam sure, many members of our Church who are at present residing where, unhappily, they are not called upon to provide for the ministrations of religion, who would gladly contribute to 6uch a fund. And those who are permitted to enjoy the regular supply of the ministrations of our holy religion will surely regard it as a duty, and a privilege, to remember, in the enjoyment of their own spiritual blessings, the wants of those to whom at present the opportunities which are afforded to them are, in the inscrutable order ings of Divine wisdom, denied. Had time-per mitted there are yet other subjects upon which I should have been glad to have addressed you ; but I must not trespass too long upon your forbearance. It is my earnest prayer that the same mutual forbearance and brotherly good will which pervaded the deliberations of our Conference may be with us, my brethren, now, by God's mercy, for the first time assembled in our Synod. Guided by the spirit of love, and faith, and peace, may our deliberations tend to render our beloved Church more and more effi cient in carrying out the great work for which she was appointed by our Lord—namely, the perfecting of the saints, the work of the ministry, the edifying of the body of Christ. CONSTITUTION OF THB SYNOD. After some formal business, the Yene rable Archdeacon Glenn ra moved, and Mr. H. Sparrow seconded, a motion to the effect that the report of the standing committee appointed by the Conference on the 6th of Sep tember last, to consider of a Constitution for the branch of the Church of England in this diocese, be read, ordered to be printed, and taken into consideration the following day. The report was as follows :— " CONSTITUTION. " 1. The constitution for associating together aa a branch of the United Church of England and Ireland the members of the said Church re sident in the diocese of Brisbane, in the colony of Queensland, agreed to at a Synod of the Bishop, the clergy, and laity of the said diocese, assembled in the city of Brisbane, this day of 186 . "In the name ef the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. " 2. Whereas it is desirable that the members of the United Church of England and Ireland, in the diocese of Brisbane, should be associated to gether as a branch of the said United Church, and that a representative body should be con stituted for the government of the same; and whereas, until due provision shall be made in that behalf by competent authority, it is de sirable that the members of the said Church j should, so far as they lawfully may, associate themselves together by voluntary compact as a branch of the said United Church, for the ordering of the affairs, the management of the property, the promotion of the dis cipline of the members thereof, and for the inculcation and maintenance of sound doctrine and true religion throughout the said diocese to the glory of Almighty God, and the edification and increase of the Church of Christ: And whereas the Bishop, the clergy, and the laity, by their representatives, have met together to determine the fundamental pro visions on which the members of such branch of the said Church shall be thus associated to gether, and for the purpose of deciding on the constitution and defining the powers and jurisdiction of the governing body of such branch of the said Church, and of prescribing the termß and conditions on which the property of such branch of the said Church shall be held and administered : "Now, therefore, the said Bishop, clergy, and laity, in Synod assembled, do solemnly declare and establish as follow :— "I.— Fundamental Provisions. " 3. Thisßranch of the United Church of Eng land and Ireland in the Diocese of Brisbane doth hold and maintain the doctrine and sacraments of Christ, as the Lord hath commanded, and as the said United Church of England and Ireland doth receive the same, together with the Holy Scriptures and the book known as the Book of Common Prayer, and administration of the sacraments, and other rites and ceremonies of the Church, according to the use of the Church of England, together with the Psalter or Psalms of David, pointed as they are to be sung or said in churches, and the form or man ner of making, ordaining, and consecrating bishops, priests, and deacons, and also—The Articles agreed upon by the archbishops and bishops of both provinces and the whole olergy in the convocation holden at London, in the year 1562. And the Synod hereinafter consti tuted for the government of this branch of the said church shall also hold and maintain the said doctrine and sacraments of Christ, and all and every of the said Scriptures, books, and articles hereinbefore enumerated. "4. Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall prevent the said Synod from accepting such alteration of the above-named matters, books, and formularies as may from time to time be adopted by the said United Church of England and Ireland. " 5. Provided also, that in case any manner of question or dispute shall arise, as touching the interpretation or meaning of any of the afore named matters, doctrines, books, formularies or articles, or any part or portion of them, such question or dispute shall be decided in con formity with any judgments, orders, and decrees relative thereto, given or made in any ecclesias tical court, or any court of law in Great Britain, or any judioal committee of the Privy Council. " And the said Bishops, clergy, and laity do further declare and establish as follows :— "6. There shall be a governing body for the management of the affairs of the said Church, to be called the Synod of the Branch of the United Church of England and Ireland in the Diocese of Brisbane, in the Colony of Queens land, which shall consist of three distinct orders, viz., the Bishop, the clergy, and the laity; the consent of all of which orders, by their majori ties, shall be necessary to all acts binding upon the Synod, and upon all persons recognising its authority. v "7. Whenever it shall be deemed necessary to revoke, add to, or amend any of the funda mental provisions of these presents, ar any part thereof, a committee Bhall be appointed by the Synod to enquire into the necessity supposed to exist for such repeal, addition, or amendment, and shall report in specific terms the alteration (if any) deemed necessary to be made. When the Synod shall have adopted the report, the said alterations in the specific terms recom mended by the said committee may be embodied in the draft of a canon, to be submitted to the Synod at its next annual session ; and the assent of the Bishop and three-fourths of the clergy, and three-fourths of the lay representatives, shall be given to the said draft canon in all its stages before it shall be deemed agreed to and passed thereby, whereupon the said draft canon so agreed to and passed shall be further sub mitted to the annual session of the Synod then next following for confirmatiou; and when the said draft canon, without alteration or amend' ment, shall have been confirmed by the Bishop and three-fourths of the clergy, and three fourths of the lay representatives, then, and not before, shall the fundamental provisions of these presents be altered, revoked, added to, or taken from, in the term 9 of the canon so agreed to and confirmed. " 8. Ihe foregoing provisions shall be deemed fundamental provisions ; aud the same, or any of them, shall not be altered, revoked, added to, or taken from, save and except in the form and manner hereinbefore stated. " ll'— Provisions not Fundamental. " 9. The Synod shall be convened and holden once in every year by summons of the Bishop of the diocese, stating the time and place of meeting; and the Bishop, or, in his absence, a commissary appointed by him in writing, shall be President of the Synod, and may adjourn, prorogue, or dissolve the Bame with the concur rence of the Synod. " 10. The Synod now sitting, having been convened in pursuance of resolutions made and passed at a Conference of the Bishop, the clergy, and representatives of the laity, as* •embled in Brisbane on the 4th, sth, and 6th days of September, in the year of our Lord one- thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven, shall be taken to be the first Synod of the branch of the United Church of England and Ireland in the diocese of Brisbane, in the colony of Queensland. " 11. The Synod shall, from time to time, determine at what period new elections of j delegates shall be made. " 12. It shall be lawful for the Synod to fix any standard of qualification, and to appoint any mode of registration, for the purpose of ' I determining what persons are admissible to take I part in the election of lay representatives, and ! also to declare what qualifications shall be re quired of the persons so to be elected as lay representatives. " 13. No person shall be permitted to take part in the proceedings of any Synod, or of any board or committee, whether an elector or representative, or shall hold any office, whether honorary or of emolument, who shall have been declared incompetent by any tribunal j acting under the authority of the Synod, or i who shall have declined when required by the same authority to sign a declaration of his ad hesion and submission to the provisions of these presents. i " 14. The Synod shall have full power to j determine how and by whom all patronage j shall be exercised, and in what manner, and on j what conditions every clergyman, trustee, lay reader, churchwarden, schoolmaster, or other office bearer or agent, whether clerical or lay, shall enter upon the use and occupation of any portion of the Church property held in trust under the provisions of these presents, and in what manner and upon what conditions all such office bearers, whether clerical or lay, shall receive their respective appointments, and the Synod shall have full power to fix the amount of all salaries, dues, fees, or other emoluments, payable to any person out of the proceeds of any property held by or in trust for the said Synod. *' 15. All clergymen, trustees, churchwardens, schoolmasters, lay readers, or other office bearers or agentß, who shall be so appointed, or who shall receive any income or emolument from or out of the said trust property, and all office bearers who, whether receiving any emo lument therefrom or not, shall have consented to hold their appointments under and in con formity with the provisions of these presents, shall be liable to be deposed, removed, or sus pended from their respective appointments by the Synod, if from any cause whatever the Synod thall shall deem it expedient and proper to exercise such power; and whenever any clergyman, trustee, lay reader, churchwarden, schoolmaster, or other office bearer or agent, whether clerical or lay, shall be deposed, re moved, or suspended from his appointment, he shall ipso facto cease to have or exercise such function or office under the provisions of these presents, and shall be absolutely deprived of all rights, emoluments, stipend or salary, to which by virtue of such appointment he would have been entitled but for such deposition, removal, or suspension ; and shall forthwith deliver up to the Synod, or to trustees appointed by them, all such trust property, and all such deeds, books, papers, money, and effects belonging, or relating thereto, as may then be in his occupa tion, possession, or power. " 16. Subject to the provisions of theae pre sents, the Synod shall constitute and appoint a tribunal to hear and decide all questions of doo trine or discipline, as touching any person, whether clerical or lay, who shall hold any office or appointment whatsoever under the control of the Synod; but the decision! of such tribunals shall uot be carried into effect until they shall have been confirmed by the Synod. " 17. It shall be lawfui for the Synod to frame such regulations as shall be found necessary from time to time, for the management of the property held subject to the provisions of these presents, and for the government of all persons holding office under, or receiving emolument from the Synod, and generally to make all such regulations as shall be necessary for the order, good government, and efficiency of the said Branch of the United Church of England and Ireland. " 18. It shall be lawful for the Synod to ap point a Standing Committee, consisting of not less than two clerical and two lay members, to act as a council to the Bishop, and to assist him in conducting the business of the Synod at such times as it shall not be sitting; provided always that such committee shall bring up a re port of their proceedings at the commencement of each session of the Synod. " 19. It shall be lawful for the Synod to dele gate to any board, committee, or commission, either specifically as the case may require, or under such regulations as shall be laid down by the Synod, all or any of the powers con ferred upon the Synod by these presents, ex cepting always such provisions as are herein declared to be fundamental; provided also all acts done by virtue of such delegated authority shall be submitted to the next session of the Synod for ratification. " 20. In case of the avoidance of the see, saving the rights of the Crown, if any exist, the nomination of a Bishop shall proceed from the clergy, and shall be submitted to the Synod for approval. " 21. All real or personal property now held by any one in trust for the purposes of the said Church, or which shall hereafter be conveyed to the Synod, or to trustees on behalf of the Synod, shall be held upon trust; and such Synod or trustees shall and do stand seized and possessed of and interested in the same, or otherwise shall and do convey, settle, assure, or assign the same upon and for or according to such trusts, in tents, and purposes, and under and subject to such powers, provisions, declarations, and agree ments, and in such manner and for such objects and purposes, whether religious, missionary, ecclesiastical, collegiate, scholastic, or charitable, as the Synod of this branch of the United Church of England and Ireland shall from time ! to time direct or appoint in writing under the hand of any person authorised by the Synod in that behalf, subject, however, to any special covenants and declaration of trusts imposed by any founder, donor, testator, or other bene factor, which shall have been assented to by the Synod, or by any board or other person authorised by the Synod in that behalf. " 22. The trustee in whom any property real or personal shall be vested, either solely or jointly with other persons or person, for or on behalf of the Synod, shall hold the same with the powers and subject to the limitations, re strictions, declarations, and provisions contained in the several clauses of a model trust deed, hereafter to be prepared and agreed upon, and any board or commission appointed by the said Synod for that purpose, shall possess and may exercise all and any of the powers vested in the Synod, as shall be by the said Synod in that be half prescribed. 4123\. The doctrines which shall from time to time be taught or inculcated by the Bishops, clergy, schoolmasters, lay-readers, or agents and others, wholly or partially endowed or main taiued by the proceeds of the property held subject to the provisions of these presents, and the doctrine which shall from time to time be taught or inculcated in any church or chapel, whether cathedral, parochial, collegiate, or mis sionary, or in any college or school, or any other building which shall be either wholly or par tially built out of the funds derived from the property held subject to the provisions of these presents, or upon sites held by trustees ap pointed under these presents, shall uot nor shall any such doctrines be repugnant to the 1 doctrines and sacraments of Christ as our Lord hath commanded, and as the United Church of England and Ireland doth receive the same, and as the same are explained and contained in the Holy Scriptures, in the Book of Common Prayer, and in the thirty-nine articles as set out in the fundamental provisions of these presents. And it shall be the duty of all trustees appointed pursuant to the provisions of these presents, to obey all instructions issued to them by or on behalf of the Synod for the purpose of guarding as far as possible against any trust property or proceeds therefrom being so applied or disposed of as to promote the teaching or inculcating of any doctrine repugnant to those of the United Church of England and Ireland as so explained. "24. No clergyman, trustee, churchwarden, lay representatives, school-master, lay reader, catechist, or ather agent or office bearer shall be admitted to any office under the provisions of these presents, or be entitled to receive any in come, emolument, or benefit from or out of the property held under the Bame, unless and until he shall hare sigaed a declaration of his ad- hesion and submission to the provisions of these presents in the following form:— "I, A. 8., do declare my submission to the authority of the Synod of the branch of the United Church of England and Ireland in the diocese of Brisbane, in the colony of Queensland, established by a constitution agreed to on the day of 186 , and my consent to be bound by all the provisions of the said con stitution, and by all the canons and regulations which may from time to time be issued by the authority of the said Synod. And I hereby undertake immediately to resign my appoint ment, together with all the rights and emolu ments appertaining thereto, whenever I shall be called upon to do so by the Synod, or by any person or persons lawfully acting under the authority of the Synod in that behalf. " Given under my hand this day of 186 " In tlie presence of " 25. Any doubt which shall arise in the in terpretation of these presents, or touching the constitution of this branch of the said Churoh, shall be submitted for final decision to the Synod. "26. It shall be lawful for the Synod to alter, amend, or repeal any or all of the provisions of these presents, excepting always those provi sions which are herein declared fundamental, and for whose repeal or alteration special pro vision has been made. "27. The foregoing constitution for associ ating together as a branch of the United Churoh of England and Ireland, the members of the said Church residing in the diocese of Brisbane, in the colony of Queensland, was agreed to at a Synod of the Bishop, the clergy, and the laity assembled in the said city of Brisbane, on the day of in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and "In witness whereof the said Bishop, clergy, and laity have hereunto subscribed their hands." Thursday, Mat 7. The President entered the chamber shortly after 4 o'clock, and offered up prayers. Mr. Bernays asked the President, pursuant to notice:—"Who is the registrar of the Diocese of Brisbane, and where are the evidences of ordi nations, consecrations, and other official acts of the diocese recorded ?—2. Will the Bishop be good enough to state for the information of the Synod,—What are the duties of the office of chancellor ? And whether the present incum bent of the office is expected to return to the colony at an early date ? Is any person acting on his behalf as locum tenens or substitute, or does the Bishop contemplate making any other provision in his place ?" The Bishop made the following reply:— (1.) The Bishop has not yet appointed a Registrar for the diocese. The duties of Regis trar are at present discharged by the Bishop, and the evidences of ordination, consecration, and other official acts are reoorded in books kept by the Bishop. (2.) The duties of the office of Chancellor are defined at length in the first volume of Philimon's edition of Burns' Ecclesiastical Law, page 288. The Chancellor is Official Principal and Vicar- General of the Bishop, it may be briefly said in a country where the Churoh is in connection with the State, the Chancellor is the official through whom the Bishop discharges the judicial duties which the Bishop exercises through his Court. The Chancellor attends the Bishop when on visitation, and when engaged in the act of con secration, and other official acts. In a colonial diocese, where the Church is a voluntary asso ciation, the office of Chaacellor is honorary. The Chancellor is the legal adviser of the Bishop, and, in case of any complaint being preferred against a clerk in holy orders, the Bishop in hearing the case by himself, in any tribunal constituted by the Synod, would call in the Chancellor as his assessor. The Chancellor also attends the Bishop when engaged in the act of consecration, and applications for consecration are submitted to the Chancellor for his enquiry and approval. The present incumbent of the office may, the Bishop understands, be expected shortly to return to the colony, and it is the Bishop's intention to ask him to undertake the office of Registrar. If the Chancellor's purpose of shortly returning to the colony is abandoned, it is the Bishop's intention to make another appointment, and, if practicable, to combine the offices of Chancellor and Registrar in one. In the absence of the Chancellor, the duties of his office are kindly fulfilled by the Archdeacon. The Bishop believes, but is not certain, that in a colonial diocese the Chan cellor, ex officio, genorally has a seat in the Synod. THE CONSTITUTION. Mr. Justice Lutwychb formally moved that the report of the standing committee of the Con ference be now adopted. He said they were not likely to enter upon a matter of so much importance that night, and he formally moved the proposition in the expectation that some other member would move its adjournment until the following day. The Rev. J. Mathews seconded the motion. Mr. L. A. Bernays said he would move, as an amendment, that the consideration of the constitution should be adjourned, but his amend ment would go further than anticipated by his honor. The amendment he had to propose was to the effect " That the consideration of the draft constitution be deferred until sufficient time has elapsed to admit of copies reach ing the remote districts of the diocese, and of the members of the Church generally forming a judgment on its provisions." He did not move this without grave consideration. The President said he had no definite in formation as to the causes why some of the dis tricts were not represented. The clergyman at Mackay had not come down, because he (the President) thought it would not be desirable that his congregation should be left for three or four months without a minister, and therefore he had intimated to him that he should not expect him. Besides, there was the question of expense. He supposed this was the case with respect to the Church in Rock hampton, where the clergyman had been lately appointed to bis duties, and could not well leave. In Maryborough the case was similar. He had not room for them at bis house, the expense of the journey, and the fact of their having no friends here, made it very difficult for them to attend Synod, even if they could have left their congregations for the time. Mr. Ramsay, in seconding the amendment moved by Mr. Bernays, said that it would take some time, to master the provisions of the report, which had only been laid upon the table the previous night. Though any steps they might now take would not be absolutely irrecoverable, it was not desirable that the con stitution, when once it was formed, should not be altered. If the report was adopted, there were provisions in it which threw great diffi culties in the way of any subsequent alteration of the constitution. There were also in the colony, as Mr. Bernays had said, many earnest and able members of the Church, who were not members of the Synod, and it was desirable that their opinion should be obtained. In short, it wa9 highly advisable that the subject should be well ventilated before any definite 1 decision was arrived at. He would suggest that the day to which the consideration of the report should be adjourned should be Tuesday, June 23. The Rev. E. G. Mobbbley, while agreeing with a great deal of what had been said by the proposers and seconders of the amendment, observed that at the same time, if they adjourned the Synod without giving any further conside ration to the report than they had now done, they would be going away with but a very crude idea of what the constitution really was. He would suggest that they should read the report once, have a debate on its provisions, and then, if they found any ditßculty in the way of passing it, they might adjourn it. | Friday, May 8. The President took his seat at 4 o'clook, and said prayers. The minutes of the previous meeting were then read and confirmed. PRESENT FINANCIAL POSITION OF THB CHURCH. Mr. W. L. G. Drew asked—" Whether, with reference to the portion of your Lodship's opening address, which relates to the subject, your Lordship will kindly cause to be pre pared and laid before this Synod on an early day, a statement showing—(l.) The total amnunt of all funds subscribed, collected, or otherwise placed at your Lordship's disposal up to the present time for church purposes, con nected with this diocese. (2.) The special pur- poses for which such funds were subscribed or received, or are now held in trust or otherwise. (3.) The expenditure of the same to date. (4.) The available balance in each case, and the manner ia which the same is held or invested, with such other information as your Lordship may think proper to afford." The President said the total amount of funds subscribed, collected, or otherwise placed at the disposal of the Bishop by friends in England amounts to a capital sum, as near as possible, of £9000. Of this sum £2000 are kept distinct. The funds were placed at the absolute disposal of the Bishop, with the desire on the part of the donors that out of the same some augmentation should be made to the endow ments of the See, to provide a residence for the Bishop, make some provision for orphan children of members of the Church of England, and for education in the principles of the Church of England. The interest arising from the investment of £3000 on mortgage has been devoted to the purposes of education, and £400 of the principal has been expended in parson ages for clergymen, supplementing defioient stipends of clergymen, and sundry other pur poses. The present position of the finances is, — Erection of a See house £4000 Endowment of See .. 1000 For orphan children 1000 For endowment of a Northern See "'. 1000 Education sqq Endowment of Archdeaconry ... ... 500 Augmentation of endowment of the See 600 Total £8600 The only balance in hand is—For Church at Port Mackay, £52; for Church purposes ia some districts not yet defined, as It depended upon the settlement of a young man whose friends placed it at my disposal, £50; for Church at Doughboy Creek, £11. It might, he. said, perhaps be interesting to the Synod to know also that the boys of one of the endowed schools in England were going to build a small church in his diocese with funds subscribed by themselves. It would be their special offering to the diocese. He hoped this answer would be considered satisfactory. It would be seen from it what the actual state of the finances was. Colonial Bishops always raised funds for their Sees, and it was not necessary for him to give an account of the manner in which they were expended, but he had no objection to doing so. Some of those present might recollect that in June, 1864, at a meeting in St. John's school-room, he placed a statement of that kind before the meeting in a letter which was pub lished in the daily papers, and which could be seen on reference to the papers of that date. He was happy to say he had been enabled to carry on the necessary work of providing cler gymen, outfits, and other expenses, without trenching upon the capital sum. That money was lent out in mortgages in his name. While he was speaking on the subject of finance, there were one or two other points whioh might be interesting. It was said by a member of the Synod, the previous day—what could a Bishop know about mortgages and the buying of lyyj ? It was not so many years ago since hesatonthe same form with that gentleman at Eton. He did not profess to know a great deal about mort gages, and he left the matter entirely in the hands of his solicitor, with the stipulation that it should always be a first mortgage on whioh the money was lent, and on property whioh was producing an annual sum, by which the pay ment of the interest could be met. He was very much indebted to his predecessor the Bishop of Newcastle, for the sites of some of the churches, and he thought, as a body, the clergy had some little idea ot land. If, in his journeys through his diocese, he happened to see a spot which he thought would be suitable for a churoh or a parsonage, he did his best to lay his hands upon it when it was sold by Go vernment. (Laughter). His Lordship then related how he had purchased, or rather com missioned, an influential member of the Church to purchase twenty-seven acres at a Govern ment land sale, for which £2 per aore was paid. This land happened to be subsequently required for railway purposes, and as the land on one side of it had been paid for by the Government at the rate of £180 per aore, and the land on the other side at £200 per acre, he had offered to give it up without going to arbi tration, but the Government refined and offered £15 per acre. This offer he refused, and the case had been referred to arbitration. Let the decision be what it might it would bring a profit. r SERVICES AT THE GAOLS. Mr. Bbrnays asked,—"lsit contemplated to make provision for regular religious instruction by clergy of the Church of England in the several gaols of this colony ?" The Pbesident said : Finding, on my return from England, that with the withdrawal of the Parliamentary grant, for payment of a chaplain at the gaol, the services of a chaplain had ceased, and that no provision was made for visiting the prisoners in the week, or affording ' the ministrations of religion on Snnday for members of the Church, I consulted with the Sheriff, and with his assistance arranged chat the Rev. Mr. Jones was to conduot Divine ser vice on every Sunday, at some hour convenient to the authorities at the gaol, and to visit the prisoners regularly in the course of the week. After a short time an objection was made to this arrangement, and it is suspended. At present no provision is made for affording religious ministrations to prisoners who belong to the Church of England. It is my desire | that such ministrations should be resumed. In the country diatriots of the colony, where there are gaols, I believe the clergymen of the district visit the gaol. "p KOBTHBEN DELEGATES TO THE SYNOD. Mr. Blakeney asked—" Whether the mem bers of the Church of England in the various districts of Northern Queensland have been in vited to send lay delegates to this Synod; if so, to whom were the communications inviting them sent ? Will the Right Rev. President kindly explain, if in his power, why the districts of Wide Bay, Rockhampton, Maokay, and Gayn dah are not represented in this Synod ?" The Pbesident said the members of the Church of England for the northern districts have been invited to send lay delegates to the Synod. The precepts were sent to the officiating clergymen, but at Gayndah, where there was no resident clergyman, it was sent to Mr. Bligh, the Police Magistrate, who has kindly been perfoaming service there. I have no direct in formation as to the reason why these districts are not represented, but, indirectly, I under stand that at Maryborough they made no elec tion, not knowing Jthat they could elect a lay- I man not resident. At Rockhampton and Port Mackay, I believe that the distance was the cause. THE BEY. C. BEABLB. In answer to a question, without notice, by Mr. E. T. Atkin, « The Pbesident said the Rev. C. Searle had registered himself as minister of the Free Church of England. He thought there must have been an error in accepting his registration, as it was necessary for a minister to have a congregation before he could register. What Mr. Searle's reasons were for taking this course, he could not say. He tried to form such a church in Rockhamp ton, but did not succeed. He (the President) denied, with very much pain, a license to Mr. Searle, because he would not present to him the proper papers. Probably that was the reason why he wished to set up a Free Church for himself. SOUTH BBISBANE. Mr. S. L. Peter-on presented a petition from the members of South Brisbane, setting forth that Mr. Judge Shephard had expressed his willingness to be nominated as a delegate, but, ou the day of election, had withdrawn his consent. The returning-officer decided that another nomination could not be made, and consequently they were only represented by one instead of two delegates. The petition was read by the Secbbtaby, re ceived, and preferred to the Elections Qualifica tions Committee. The debate on Mr. Bernays' motion was then proceeded with, and was continued up to the time of our going to press. The probability was that the motion would be rejected, and a suggestion of Mr. C. Coxen's adopted, by which the constitution should be read a first, second, and third time, and discussed in committee in stead of being passed in globo, as at first pro posed. 