A MILITARY NOVEL. "Under Two Flags." A Novel. By Ouida: author of "Idalia," " Rnndolph Gord "Strathmore," ," Cecil ' . . Castlemaine's Gage," &c.;, &c.; 12mo. pp. 467. Phila- delphia: J. B. Lippincott and Co. Tho Honorable Bertie Cecil second son of Vixoount Royallien is the Achilles of this new Tînt-1. He is, of course, very tall, very handsome, and very aristocratic. There was a period following the successful ap- pearance of "Jane Eyre," when all eroes of diluted notion wore shaggy, short, saturnine, and savage. The reaction set in. It is Narcissus, not Orson, who woos, and wins, and wears Beauty, graoe, and genius, and blood, and breei are as plenty as blackberries in pages -these; and every aristocrat has them ; and every plebian hasn't the ghost of eit ''Now, liko all good Americans, our h . ryoos oat to an uristoorat. Tho cheerful sj ' ''tooloo f tho elevation of a class, at the COE the painful degradation of the multi< thrill us .with delight, and fills us wi profound and satisfying sonse of the flh . pf things. Our best hat was hopelgi flattened in our futile attempt to cate ?-, glimpBe of the Prinoe of Wales when rodo through Broadway, and above all A ricans do we hold Mr. J. S. 0. Abbott viable. Therefore, when we found that honorable Bertie, and his intimate fríe " Lord Rockingham, and his papa, : his brother, and his comrades in ar: "'.were pre-eminently and to the obsourat \- of all other qualities, aristocratic, wo ci fully studied these, so eminent models morals and' manners, thinking in a hum . ..and far-off way to mould ourselves in tl .likeness.'. What were it not worth to i press the driver of a street-oar with i ', haughty mien, and well-bred nonchalant What wero it not worth, on a Sature i Afternoon in the Park, to bestride our hil haok with, tho loftiness of a lord, and ' . listlessness bf a noble Briton ? ; The first element of an aristocratic ont we find to bo laziness, utter and entire. ' "laziness which refuses to saturate its hai kerohief with Jookoy Club, or fasten ( buttons of its gloves. A laziness to whi " ' reading its morning paper is a hardship, a lounging in its oarriage a fatigue. A la: noaa whioh is rude, whioh is oontemptuoi \- whioh is despicable. Hardly less emphasised is the ability swindle. A true blue British gentleman, . appears, no matter what his inoomo, is cor polled by the freemasonry of his Order, "incur mountains of debt, whioh he h ^Weither the ability -nor the disposition ¡ j, i,;.-, to. oheat his tradesmen, to strip the vei ?> Je ws, to draw post orbits, to give' pap whioh is not worth the ink upon its face. Lest pur enthusiasm bethought to blir us, let IIB hurriedly sketch tho oareer of th new knight, without fear, and without r proaoh.' Chivalry is hot dead while Ceo îivos. \- - In tho very opening line wo learn one < jhis virtues. '.He is fastidious oonoerning hi tops. Not those reeling toys whioh lay, lil \- Heaven, about him in his infancy ; but tb v fair foping bf his hunting boots. . Theymui bé deaned till the leather and the laokey ai Jnoapable of further polish. And thei if there be the least tint of brown, where a should bo as fair as his virgin soul, thl new D'Orsay will not encase his mani calves in them. Not he.' He will be sc quick i'.the earthy and ;b owled to death wit turnips first. He has a right to bo fastidi \- oas about his bootB, however, for thé " in »corrigible tops," which were introduood t .us, are set down "beside six pairs.of the! fellows, and six times sis of every otho 'sort bf boots that the covert side, the heathe the flat-why empbtaise that use when it i . evident that they are-all for the flat?-o the ' sweet shady side* of Pall Moll ©ve : knew." Besides its leathern wealth, thi dressing-room bf the young Guardsman con tains ".pretty things enough to fill thi Palais Royal," whioh.women, had sent him The dreislng-table was " littered with golf \- and crystal bottles containing ; all the per- fumes of Arabia. His dressing-oase was o: silver, with his name in turquoises on th< lid ; all his brushes, boot-jaoks, boot-trees whip-ßtands, were pf ivory and tortoise ? shell. Above the mántel-piece were orossoc swords, in all tho varieties of gilt, gold silver, ivory, aluminum, ohiselad and om bossed hilts, and on the walls were a few per foot Frenoh' pictures, with a Landseer, a Harry Hall, a hunter or two by Herring, ond several fair women in orayons. The hang- ings wero Büken, and : rose oolonred, and a . dolioiouB confusion prevailed, pell-mell, box spurs, huntinß-8ttrrups,carW onaine, muzzle-loaders, hunting-flasks, and white gauntlets, boing mixed up with Paris novels, pink noted, point-laoo, ties, braoelets, and bouquets to be Bent to various destina- tions, and velvet and silk bags for bank "notos, cigars, or vosuvionB." On a sofa in this delightful ?' apartment lay the hand- somest man in tho regimont, exhausted by 'his plunge in his bath-tub, "as big as a small pond," but nnohored firmly in the noxt room. They do things on so large a soale in London. Now there is hardly a house in New York, exoept the Fifth Avenue Hotol, whioh would havo oontained the Honorable Bertie, his boots, and1 his bath tub. Con- sidering that none of his lavish surround . inga wero paid for, ono may admire equally his taste and his generosity. . Over, and over, and over, we are informed that ho was ". thoro'brod," and "that his set was .« thoro'brod ;" BO let'all half- breeds/ who live in a hall bedroom, and pay their debts, forswear their vulgar honesty. It is sweet .to linger with this young Apollo,, splendid in his youth . and glorious In his beauty, simple, and faithful, and manly. But the notion of tho story hurries us on. 1 Bertie proooods to, give, his . young brother fifty pounds, whian don't belong to himself, that the. youth may pay a gambling debt. Then ho rides out on escort ' duty, to install Parliament, and growls and ourses about the weather, and then ho goes', to Riohmond to see his Opora Queen, tho Zu-Zu, and that is the ena of his personal efforts in that obaptor. But tho novelist makes an episodo to relato how ho told an unblushing lio to a joalous husband who surprised him, "en tete-a-tete with his handsome Countess." Whioh oheop notion the author oalls a ?*< RiohoUeu-llke impudonoo," and 'adda that, " it mitde bia reputation on tho town/'ai that1" tho ludios oalled, it, very wjokcd,j b woro obarrhod by it, (ind potted tho sinni who,.from that time .till now, had held' 1 own with thom." ? Ö, women" bf Englan thanh your ohronioler '< Ouido," who th iuiniortalisos your purity, your flnenet your scrupulous honour ! What a silly mi woman was Roman Lucretia 1 öho sh ou havo in vitcd S&stua; to her parties, ai danaed the Latian two-step .waltz with hit So mu oh domestio infelicity might have bei avoided had she been " thoro'bred," ni known that her melodramatic proaedu wouldbe " bad form." Passing over several minor adventures our aristo ara t, we como to a ohaptor entitli "A Stag Hunt nu Clair de la Lune." "V shut ourselves up with a Frenoh diotionar till we found that this perspicuous phra means A Stag Hunt by Moonlight. B English is inadequate for a novel like thi The opening conversation betweon Ceo: and his friend Rockingham is cribbed, \ should, say, from the '? Confessions of. Pit: boodle. Tho adventure of the' chapter original.' ,, Geoil ,.takes the' '^handson Countess"-who has " Titian-like lips, ai Velasquez eyee,"-to dine at Riohmond, at drives her home through the Park in tl moonlight. Ono of tho horses has been ai oustomed to hunt, and when ho sees ast( in the distance, dashes off,'hiß mate wil him, id a mad pursuit. .They canter, thc gallop)* they fly, they tear out of tho roai They jump into a bramble bush, and sorato out all their'oyes, and, although Oeoil is " perfcot whip, and. a Very Hotspur wit horses, he can do nothing with these apoorj phal beasts, because " they-the lover not the steeds-had both see tho ' Babylonian sun set over th ruins of tho Bira Nimrud, and ho talked of Paris fashions while they did sc and had both loanod over the torraao of Bel loaguardo, whilo tho moon was full on Giotto tower, and had discussed their drosses for tl Vogliono masquerade," and Ccoil was in ''roforce," in consequence. At last thc see the river before thom, and thoro is bi ono ropriovo from instant death, and that s dosparate that tho daring Cooli has no hope t suococd.. .Novortholoss, ho takes tho rein ; between his teoth, and, with a leap whio ,would mako- tho fortuno of a oirous-ridei lights on tho back of tho wiokod huntor, whe surprised at tho unoxpeotcd attontion, stop short;' The mail- phaeton-tips over, orasi bang, the "Volasquoz eyes": close inafainl but Ccoil, rising in immortal youth, a vor pheonix of guardsmen, says : " Dearest, yoi aro safo/' and adds that he will never, neve toll about the stolon Riohmond dinner, am this little stag-hunt au alair de la lune. Hoi they got homo-for at their rate of speed tho; must have travollcd,"in seyoo pages, at leas ninety degrees-tho author wisoly leaves ti tho imagination. But get homo thoy did it is probablo that among Cecil's eignty-sia boots he possessed tho . famous soyen-loagui pair-^and a month after thoy were . all a Baden) But while he promisod that b< would novor, never toll, "ho forgot that h thus pledged his honor to leavo four hours o his lifo so buried that. however muoh he needed, hp neither should nor oöuld aooouni for thom," which is not moro portentous than grammatical. . < 'Before this" littleepisode, howover, hil horse, Forest King, wins a raoo, and no one of money, and Cooil enters him for tho Groatos Baden Raoo, on whose suocessful issue all hil future ' dopénds. Bat at tho first raoo hil manly soul is outraged by tho attempt ot i " wclohor," Bon. Davis, to take bots with hil oxemplary young brother, Berkeley, and almost without effort, ho drops tho audooious woloher into tho ditch1, outsido tho,grounds. Por whioh bath tho man vows vongeanco, and conspires with , the racer's groom-whose long arroars in wages might excuse hts trans- gression-to paint tho bit of Forest King on the day of the Baden meeting. Then Borke ley implaros Cetil to give him- moro pound notos; but as the Guardsman has, by thii timo, neither cash or crodit left, ho politely but emphatically rofuses, and . Borkoley doparts with a dreadful resolve written in hit dark countenanoo. Well, Ben Davis paints tho bit, and Forest Sing is beaton, and Cooil observes, that it it all up with' him, and retires to the obsourcat labyrinths of tho grounds, whero nobody can find him exoept tho twoponny postman, and Rookingham's. sister, Lady Vonotia,. oalled Potito Reino oîght yoars of ago, of astonish- ing preoooity, and many ruffles. The ohild brings him twonty Napoleons, whioh she bogs him to . accept, . but his proud spirit ' rofuses booauso it ia not-enough. Still, truo to his instinct of appropriating all ho can lay his hands on without paying for, ho takes tho onana oled bon bonni ero (candy-box, dear ple- beians) in whioh she kopt her wealth. Tho postman brings a lettor from Borkoloy, in whioh ho says that ho has forged Lord Rook- ingham's chaque, and drawn tho monoy. Then Cooil stamps-his feet, and toora his hair, and says, " Anything but disgraoo I" Thon Ben Davis, into whose possession tho forged bill has oomo, has him arrostod, and when Lord Rockingham begs him to clear himself ho will not/for, le' and behold you, tho very time at whioh tho bill was proscntod was tho timo when1 ho was ohasing tho antelopo ovor tho plain, au olair do la lune. So ho starts for jail, but on tho way ho hast a montai illumi- nation to tho effect that his long, and hithorto lazy, logs wero not mado in vain. "'Boauty' .of tho Brigades," .bo softly murmurs to him- self, " is its own oïouso for being." So he runs, and though Bon. Davis, and all tho Baden Constabulary- and tho bloodhounds of tho Grand Dako, and'all tho mob of tho rabo weok follow him, he rpaohos a houso in tho suburbs and climbs upon an ivy vino to a dark piazza.. . - Tho pursuit ia stayed, boneath him, tho duoal army whîoh has by this timo arrived ; is drawn np in lino of battlo, sevoral oolum bia'ds aro fired through tho Soor, and a num beri'of bombs oxplodo in'the corners .of tho gallery. Butas ho has tho presonao.of mind not to stir, tho mob with ono voioo, oxolaims, "Ho I is not. thoro," and goes back to Badon, Ho j thou rompmbors that he has promisod to danoo with tho' "handsome- Countess" at a masqua I ball that ovening, so he trips lightly baok lo, town,' Sickos' a dómino and masquo from a oarriago, finds his oharmor, oxooutes a two stop waltz with hor, goos, forth again, mounts Poroat King, who had by that timo rooovorod from tho paintod bit, and never stops till ho roaohos Algorfa a morning or two aftor. Moanwhllo tho charming woman who »aoom« ,t .?: ??? . . ,n ' .'- . ' . .* -rf .>. .., panion" bim in tho stag bunt au clair do la lui and in whoso hands is his roputation, goos a dinner party at tho house of an Austri Princess, and forgots all about him, and that is tho ond of bor, so far as tho novoi concerned, wo talco our leave of so much hoi and so much purity with deop regret ; but n we hope, without having conveyed to t reading world that contagion of virtue wi whioh truo nobility is quickened. , Oecfl outers tho Algerian army as a priva but in a week or two he has, singlo-handi and alone, exterminated sovon se par ato tri! of the red-handed sons of Ishmael, produc contontmont in tho army in placo of mutir and would bo a Fiold,Marshal on tho oigb day of his enlistment but for the onmity bis Colonel, Ohatcturoy, who degrades hi and hatos him. And the reason of his sp; is that he carried off tho favourite of the Em whioh Oooil didn't approvo, so that Baya went into his Colonel's tont and said "BO( to him in suoh a terrific manner that tho m oroant shook in his cavalry boots, and itara diatoly sent tho lady back. - But ho hated I subordinate over after. This is a 'strikii pioture of'tho disciplino and tho manners the .Fronoh army, and of tho rolatión botwoi chief, and private. Thus mottors wont on f twelve years.'.' Every morning Cecil said himself "Fee-Fau-Fum, I smoll tho blood an Ara-bi- ÚN," and shore off the hoads twontydogs of unbelievers,daily, but it w all of no uso. He was but, a Corporal in tl Chasseurs d'Afrique. . Then a pretty vivandière named Oigarot fell in love with him. '. She is a dear croata who smokes, ohows, swoars, drinks brand .talks slang, and knows, :not tho name womanhood. Strange to say,. Ceoil does ni return hor, passion. ' At whioh she.threatoi to bo revenged. And now Lord Rockingham sister ro-appoars. Twelve years havo 001 verted her into a blooming young widow twonty. It was necessary that sho should 1 very rioh, and have, another name, so thi Cooil should not know her, at first. So she ; wedded to a Prince who, with raro conside ation for his wife's happiness, dies in tl course of half an hour, and loaves her moi money than tho Rothschilds ovor dreamed o all in Spanish bonds and Spanish oastlo Well, sho and Cecil fall in love with "cac other, each without, knowing the identity < the other. In Franco ladies of wealth an position frequently do fall in, love with tb illustrious obaouro, andithoro ia the " Lady < Lyons" to provo it. So thoy moot.atocan yansorai in tho desort,'where it is so hot thc tho potatoes aro cooked . in tho . sane and whero '' tho Prinooss Corona, alii tho Lady Venotia, alias Petite Reine, glide to meet him in an alvy of " superb oachc j meres sweeping the floor.". Thon and thor< by means o£¿ tho bonbonnière, they disóove i that he ¡is, he, and that she. is she. Sh I entroatshim to lot hor tell Lord Rockiogbair who will providentially arrive next day. Bu by this timo old Lord Royallicu is dead,and hi oldost son is dead, ¡ and "Cecil is supposed t be dead,.and Bcrkoloy has succeeded to th poerago, whioh Ceoil proposes to let him kee as the reward of a virtuous life. Ho eanno disprove tho, forgery without, impliöatinj Berkeley, who believes' him dead, and i happy. , So ho says that he has found th wisdom of life to be to grin and bear it that* if he oannot -marry her, hp woult rather prof or to bo. shot than not.' 80 sb goes off on a journey/ and he roturns to oámj. and engaged in a sorics ;of wild affrays usually in tho proportion of ono Cooil to fift; Arabs, bat he uniformly conquers. Once i however, whon tho' odds havó been a hundroi i and ninety to one, qr thereabouts, though hi boats of oourao,- he is.loft for dead bn thi field,; àigàrbtto,..rcflOH08 tim and savos~ hi lifo Once beforo aho has saved his life ¡ for, hoing a yoritabjó Abhillcs,' ho has. th I vulnerable hcól, and those miscreants 0 Ishraaolitos persist in '.finding it. Well, hi rcoovers ; the Princess Corona roturns to camp and sands for him to bid him an eternal adiou Against disoiplino, ho goes. Ho repeat Byron's touohing butóbsouro lines, boginning " Faro- ^theo: well/, and . if . forevbr," J'sweari fidelity, and is returning, whon he enoountèri Chatcauroy, his enemy, who says something impolite to him, for ' whioh Ceoil, being thi bigger, strikes him, is seized, manacled, anti carried to, tho guard-houso. Tho Prinoost dopirts at dawn, ignorant of tho ' little affair and Ceoil is sentonood to bo shot at doybroal of tho seoond morning thereafter. Cigarottc is down at Algiers','but she gets tho nows bj a oarrior pigoon. Maddened, sho dashes inte .tho streot, whoro the first porson sho meets it Borkoloy Oooil. With an instinot quite marvelous, considering that sho has no vor scon nor heard of him boforo, sho knows that he ie Bertie's brbthor, and demands of him a full confession and explanation.1 .' Frightened out of his sonsos Borkeloy writos that tho Chas sour is Lord Royallieu, and ¡a Peor of Eng- land. Sho soizes tho papor, mounts hor horso, and gallops fifty milos undór an African sun to a fortress, whore tho Marshal of Franco, Viceroy of Africa, had that day arrived. ,Sb6 appeals to him in tho ñamó of all tho virtues to pardon Cooil. He refuses. Then, in tones of thundor, sho informs him* that thc victim is , a Poor, of England, whereupon ho i offers hor his best horso, and bogs her to kill it in tho effort to savo that hopo of Albion. I Midway hor horse fails hor. Sho secs a band of ravaging Arabs who have sworn to toar hor limb .from limb. She rushes boldly upon thom and oxpressos her oagorncss to bo dismom borod, if (tho! Ohiof will but ride himself with tho pardon, and sayo , Cooil. Convortod to tho Christian faith by hor, oourago, ho gives hor his barbad steod and, his Mossing, and she snoods on. ' Meantime Rockingham has hoard that tho finost'soldior in tho .army is tobo shot, and socks him to ask his photograph ; ho finds him standing bosido his; coffin with tho Fronoh army training the cannon! " Ah, ha ! ho, yolls; "havo you a strawberry mark on your loft arm?'', : Cooli, too high- minded to bo agitated by this unoxpooted mooting with tho friónd of his youth oaltnly roplios "No." "Thon,", says Rockingham, flinging his arms about him, "you aro the long-lost Bertie." Tho Boldlors objoot to tho attitudo as inter- fering with tho aoouraoy of their aim. But ho wreathes himsolf about that mild Laocoon, and i spooks oontumaoiously of the Fronoh army. Twelvo regiments fall upon him, and drag him away, and tho signal to Aro is givon. At this instant Oigarotto appears at tho top of I a hill, half < a milo away--ono of thoso hills I whioh so thickly bestrow African dosorts I waVos tho pardon ovor hor! hoad, amd shrioks i » Wait, in tho namo of Franco t" But tho . . . ? ,\i i._. .' ' '' ._ ory oamo too late ; tb o volley was flrod, tho crash of sound thrilled aoross tho woods that mado ÏIIKM [Quory-Whom ?] pause j tho doath that was dooraod was doalt. Now wo supposed that this would ñnish Cooil, and very glad wo wore. Good graoiouB 1 no. Tho sepulohro opens once more its pondorous and marbia jaws to oast him up again. Ho only "staggered slightly, "and thon'stood oreo:, grazed only by somo few of tho balls. Tho flash of .fire was not so.floot as, tho swiftnoas of hor love, and on his broast she throw her- self, and turned her head baokward with her old, dauntless, sunlit smile as the balls piorood hor bosom, and broke hor limbs, and woro turned away, by that shield of warm young lifo from him." Half a milo au piod as " Onida" would aay.whilo a pistol ball travels two rods; is, undoubtedly, tho best timo on record, but if Cigarette wore oapablo of this, how could sho make tho blunder of trusting to tho slow speed of an Arabian stood ? On foot, sho' might havo mado tho two hundrod miles or so in season, but not ovon Dexter oould do a half mile in pistól-shot timo. Well, of oourso Cigarette dios, a martyr to her love,' and Cooil lives and goes back to England and olaims tho peorago, and marries tho PrinoosB Potito B9ine Venetia Corona, and givos lumps of sugar to Forest King, who turns up again on 'tho last page. This is tho uttorly preposterous throad of. tho story..' It outdoes Mrs. Henry Wood in absurdity, and yet the preeminent misohiof of " Ouida's" novels is that thoy aro not stupid. Impossible as those mon and women are, they aro not sticks. A hurrying aotion pervades the volumes ; a certain cheap but positive power informs them. A gaudy tinsel rhetoric charms school-girls and clerks. A bad classicism and an interlarding of foreign phrases give the pages, an air of erudition, and, notwithstanding flagrant errors of syntax, nine readers out of ten declare them " so well written."- They aro pernicious books booouso they- aro vulgar: books. Forms, and shows, and pretences are the good things of lifo. A, good-natured, easy-going scamp is mado to appear a hero. Inherent impurity is pre- dicated of all women. A base gallantry is imputed to all men. Even the virtues mas- querade in suoh tawdry attire that they are hardly better than vioes. Cigarette, for example, has really a noble nature, but she is so melo-dramatic and sensational, that she appears a very vulgar Joan of Arc, in whom the vulgarity overbears tho heroism. Cooil and alibis set aro youths to mako one's heart aoho, with .their protenoo of high brooding, their shrivelled . souls, their blackguardly habits, their affootod sonso of honour. En- thusiasm, beliof, achievement, aro condemned as " bad form.'' Coldness, and sluggishness, and eynioism aro the aristocratic attributes of ' a gentleman." If these ' novels oro a pioturo of the jeuriesso derce,of England, that un- happy nation harbors enemies at homo moro dangoroua than - all. tho armies of the Conti- nent, and needs such defences against tho, decay of her strongth and pówor, as not all the wealth of the kingdom can build her.,. And aro thero roally no Englishmon in En- gland who speaks English ! No Frenohmen in Franco who spoak Frenoh ! Under the flag of Saint Georgo evory mothor'ason, and, alas, every mother's daughter, talk slang from birth to death. Under tho trioolor the daintiest lips drop argot as it were manna. Is it'only in'Boston that both languages ,aro preserved in their purity ? . It is foolish business to break butterflies on wheolsj ' and it hurts our non union CIA to j advertise 'f Ouida" to 200,0p0, readers. But the appalling popularity, of books like this makes tho subject one of importance. " Under Two Flags" ia tho kind of novel one would oxpeot to find in drinking shops, its pages fringed with ale, and redolent of pipes ; or, in paper covers, vended in the care, or sold in large numbers in Bowery and Eighth-ave, bookstores, or orowding the shelves of seoond-rate circulating libra- ries. When it is constantly domanded a t the counter of the " Mercantile," and eagerly. read by fascinated sohool-girls, with tho aid of surreptitious candles, or seen lying on tho oentre-toble of intelligent persons, a oon soientious critic must- Tail-in good-set terms. .>? . It is said that " Ouida" is a woman. It is incredible that books so coarse, so tawdry, so cheap, with leaves from tho Nowgate Calendar, tho Betting Book, and tho worst Fronoh novels, should be the work of any' woman's hand. If they be, and ".Ouido" re-: somblos in the least her English sistors, tho' degeneracy of the young men of her beauti-; ful island oeasas to be inoredible, and bo oomes only terrible. / I 