THE, STOCKTRIDEI'S STORY. [C . A. A, ATKINS.] Supper was over in the mena' hut at Carmo, a ENw England station, and the stockmen drew around the bright fire to enjoy their last pipe before turning into their re spectivo bunlks, whilst the cook, a wiry, sun burnt "old hand," washed up the plates and pnnnikins, replenished the "sluslt-lamps,' and set to work baking a substantial damper. Thoe ut-door opened, nld Mr. Bolding, the owner of the station, entered baring sundry bottles of grog, which he laid on the table. "My ladsl" lie said, "to- day is my birthday, ,o I have brought you something to drink my health in. Persando old Phil there to tell you his story, and let's have no fighting, cr quarrelling over your cups, it hoe liles he can tell you n good yarn, you know what I mean Phil," and with this tihe squatter closed the door amidst nniversal ex Spessions ot thanks, and colling out "good night" went to his own quarters. This last observation was addressed to a tall shrivt lltd old man, who occupied the post of honor on a block near the fire. There was somethling striking in his app. nrance which imlpresudl a stranger at once ; andi as he sat now, with the fire-light falling on hi, fine intellectual countenance, stern though melancholy, his bright black eyes, heavy eyebrows, ecquilino nosr, and firmt,-set jaw, thero was something in his appearance that led the observer to the conclusion that Phil was no comemon man, and one oni whoat early impressions would leiveo their indelible stalnp, either for unchangeablo good or un changrablo evil. The old cook was now en gaged iin knocking the head off one of the bottles with the back of a Milte, and when this was eccormplished the rum was hntled round, anid each man pouring out his dote into a pannikin, drank the health of ir. Bolding. '?heln this imposing ceremony waos comnleted, a univerual call ,was madl, upon "old Phil" for his story, and at length, having set his pipe going, the old maut com OeIred : I am about to tell yon, my lads, a true story of what haplpened within my own knowledgie, and in whlich I play a leading part. Miy Itther was a wsealthy farmer in the county of Shropshire, andi had only two children, tmyself and my sister Mary. Sithe was two years ounger than I, andti thile belle, of the village. She was as good as shle was pretty, ands by the time I grow up to be twenty years of oge, Mary had halt' the young'lellows in the cauuty in love with her. Mly lather determined to bring rite up a lawyer, and I wns articled to uin attorney in Sl riistbury. \Vhen I enme home on a visit to keep sny twentieth bIirthday, which eill in July, I found therm nl busy pIreparing obr the rejoicings whicih were to take place to celebrate the coming of age of our yolung Squire. There wasi to be n dincor in the village, open house at the hIll, a dtuncoon the gre.n, cnkes and tea for til chilhlren, andi plenty of roast beef; plume pudding and good old ale for the men and women ; everything ssas to be carried out in first-rate style, anil we young :peolti looked torward to thie day with ieelitngi of pleasure and excitement. About.tlli tiime an old schoonl tellownt mine, of tenarly the sante age, u hIe had removed withl his lather to a distant part ofat the countrj, camne down to lpa us a tisit. Fred hIles was it good el!ouw in every respect but one, aijd that on00 usas thliift ho'e ws an in veterne jpratlical joker, you yOnuighteri know what I ntunt, I've spt.kent to'. you about the rn5am tthing often enouglh. Fred,. wo going to sail in a low weeks for this country, anlld lhad comniedowl to -ay good bye.; little did weo think when wu laugaed at the' tricks of the light-henrtd buy, what awtul, over wheilong girlt and trouble he would leave behind lit,. At lengtlthhe day of the "Squira's row" (ies they call it in Shrolpslire), dawned; indl fonunl us all dressed in our best and lull of hialth anti hlapiness. I Rtl t0ot-goiing to tell s on about all the fun thint we hd thaint day : the tub races, the running in ancks, the wheelbarrow races, the grinning throbse hIors.e-colars, clil ling the grensed pole, catching the pig with the soaped tail ; to say nothing ut the dance on the green. Many and many . time since that day Iave I seen Mary as slho lookedl then, floantlng gracefully rown thue ounltry dannce in 'her light dress, her cheeks flushed and hcr eyes sparkling with ploa'ure: I have seen her far out nt son Ibeckoning to ano through the tropical moon light; 1 have soon her on stormy nights in tbh bush, and heard her merry laugh borno on the wind; I have seen her hovering in the fog near dark l]goons; I have seen her in the brond suonhino of noon, always bright, happy, beautiful I and I son her now ! " "ily word i" exclaimed a long native of Nuw South Wales, who sat opp'ositi tihe story-teller glancing fearfully behind him, for old Phil's eyes appeared vacantly fixed on a corner of the hat. "Take another drink mnae," said the old cook, and Phil passing Iris hannd over his eyes, touk the " ductor's '' advice and pro ceeded with his story: " Well, the sports were. nearly over, and it was last getting dark, "eahen my sister comen up to where I was standing, and asked me if I was ready to go honue, but seeing me hosi tate sh added : " Don't hurry yourself, Phil dear, fornfter the next dance I can run over by Grindley's Gap ;-no fear of meeting anyone that way they are all too afraid of the ghost." " But, my dear,' I replied, " why not get one of your sweethearts to go with you?" "Oh, no I" she said, laughing; " that wrotld only set the whole army of them fighting. 13esides, I don't knuoy which to choose. Bnt don't trouble yourself, I can run across in half an hour." And she tripped off to where the new dance was forming. These were the last words that ever Mary spoke to me. It was wrong and selfish of me not to see her.lthome, but God only knows how -heavy has been .my punishment. The road which my sister had spoken of, past Grindley's Gap, was a short cut across some fields, by whilch the distance between the HIall and my father's house was lessened by half a mile. Many years ago a brutil murder had been committed at one of the stiles on the road-the last one, which led into the lare, about two hundread yards from home. It was a woman who had been murdered: she had been found with her head completely, severed from her body, and the story was, in that part of the country, that the ghost .of the murdered woman nsed to sit on tihe stile, holding her head on her lap. .Of course, many people used to laugh at this, but for all that there were very few who would pass the "fHaunted Stile" after nigltfall. Shrop shire people, as a rule, are very supersti tions, and this ghost had been seen, so it was averred, repeatedly, by respectable people, wlhose words were believed. The murderer had never beenr distovered, and it wits supposed that the ghost sat there for the purpose of divulging his name. lily sister would have to cross this stile, but she had too much faith in divine protection to fear ghosts or aught of the kind. No sooner had Mary lelt me than Fredl Hales came up, and said he must wyish me " Good by," and then he went on : ,i I've time to run up tor the farm and get my things, and sayy good by to all there. 1 got the letter this morning telling me that tie ship sails in four days, ro I must catch the night coach at the end of the road at eleven o'clock." He shook me by the hand hastily, and I saw him go to where my sister was dancing, and wish her "good by," and he was gone. After the rejoicings were over at the hall, I accompanied a number of -my young com panions to the village, and there we had dancing at the inn, and singing, and drink ing, and tsmoking, so that it was hard upon midnight before I reached home. I had not gone by Grindley's Gap. My father (I think I have forgotten to tell you hie was a widow er) was sitting, dozing, at the kitchen fire, and he awoke with a start as I entered. "I'm glad yoi'rve come home at last. I couldn't make out where Mary was. staying no late," he said. "Mary I Has she not coine Ihome ?"' en quired I. "W' hat do you mean?". said my father. "Is she not with you ?" " With me? no. She left hours ago to come home by Grindley's Gap. I've been down to tihe village since then. She must have gone to bed whilst you've been sleep ing," I said, though I felt a presentimtent of evil. I went at once to her room, The door was open, and the room empty. Never shall I forget the horror of that moment--the frightful thoughts that rushed upon me. Where could she be? The thought of an elopement first entered my mind, but I dis missed it at once. Then other thoughts, strange, unearthly, which I in vain attempt to recall, but which caused me to tremble as 'with ague, and my hair to bristle on my head. Silently I retutned down stairs. My father was in the middle of the kitchen. fiHe looked in isy face (his own was stern and lowering), and taking his hat, followed me out into the front garden. Silently--without a word-we crossed the farmyard, and turned down the lave towards the haunted stile. We called-no answer. No one was visible near the stile. I crossed into tbh field, a dreadful hlorror heavy. on me, and close under thld hedge saw somettiing wite. ., I np proaclhed-it never moved-it was my sister -pale, insensible.. ' \V,'e.carried her home, and it was long before she regained conscioss. ness--I am wrong--shle never regained con sciousncss. She was nmadl-incarbly mald l Site never spoke afterwards, except at night fall, when hlier eyes weoild dilate with jor ror, andi she teoulsl slhriekl, " Tue ghost I" and, corerissg lier face with her hoands, fall down insenohle. Thin tould happen every evening. All tlnt medical skill coull accom plish was done for her, but without avail. She die. in less than six months--died withlout even' a modmentary return of reason. 'lThe doctors were of opinion that her midness was brought on by fright-either that or epilapsy, they said-hbut swhat could liave frightened hler? I foundl out tlat she had started for homne shortly after speakling to mine, and that is all that could be discovered relative to the matter. ' Trne, I suspected Fred llales of having ai hand in thie bs- ihness tinut I thought again it ias.very instkely, as welhad given him pretty strongly to-tnder standt duriut hiis visit that we would not tolerate any of his practic!l jeking. B.lsides, he lhad called for his luggage shortly after leaving tim hll, uail subserqentlly sailsd oni Ilis voyage. We had recci'ed; a letter from hnm, and he had iiade ido meietiton. of any-. thiing tending to throw light. ion iy. sister's mnadness. And so we were all in the dark. In threo months after my sister's death my father was laid in his. grave,: and I deter mined to sell off the farm and leave a neigh Iourhood that, to nme, was filled with such agonising recollections. I did so, and then made up my mind to sail for Australia, which was at that time beginning to attract the atten tion of small capitalistsathome. One thinq was ever uppermost in my mind--an unsatiable longing to discover the origin of my sister's iadness, and wreak terrible vengence upon the person who had beeninstrumental in causing it-for that it had. been caused by sonimc human agency I could not for a mto ment doubt. BIeforo sailing, I called on the elder IIales, and found Irm in:great trouble. Ile had heard bad news of Fred. The yonng mana had dissipated all the capital le took out with him, in Sydney, and gone tp into the bush penniless. I will not trouble you with any description of my voyage nor of ten years which elapsoed after my landing in Sydney,. Sullice it to say, I fell into bad habits and left for the bush Ipenniles as aPred Hales ihad done before me. During ton pears I sought. him eovery where, but without success, no tidings of fiim could I" gain. I had nursed my evll revengoful feelings until they beaoino part and Iparkel ofn-my nhture. Night alter night 1 lay awako devising plans to find Fred inles and wreak my vengeance on: him, for I had at length persuaded myself that he, and ha only, had caused my sister's death. I will now coma to the time whien I was em ployed as teacher to the sons of a squatter on the Bathurst side, for I had received .,a good education. One- evening an overseer who lived on one ot.the outstations,,was ex peated home, and a bed had been cnads up for him in my: room. I-os was, spoken of as Fred Ilorton, and the two boys; ay 'ipupiil wore delighted at his arrival, as thor,said lie was full of fun, and I beard them whispering togethrr that " he'd be sure,tot play some of his tricks on the schoolmaster.' Theo.day on which Mr. Horton was exproted was, the anniversary of my sister's strango attack of madness, and as was usual with mo 1 keptt that day as one of fast and prayer, ,prayr for revenge I I was bitting. on my . bLd, looking moodily out of the rooma window, when I heard the sound of horses' hoolt,-and miy employer and the ovrerr-re rodoe past. Could I be mistaken ? No I0 Ther a was the 'man whom I most desired to meet, comcu to me on the anniversary of her death; Fred Hales I Thlov entered the lieose together, and from where I sat tthrough the thin por tition which divided the rooms, I could hoar tbe noisy welcomI whichIgreeted his entrance, and the clink of glasses. .-.Then the boys told him of tile surley sclhooltnster, and I heard Iim laughingly promisoe to -"tuno Iim-nup.'! Thien there was business talked, and afltr that, thle children wvere boisterous in their ro quctsls that Fred should tell them a story. I listelied and heonrdthis story at which, theyo all lnughed heartily: [ow the narrator "nad born at a "spree" and lhotw hil?J frightened a foolish girl, by buttoning Ihis coat over hii" hIead and sitting on a style holding a: large turnip, (which he took-out ofat an adjacent field) on his knees, how thl .girl screamed; and how .he ran away and was just in timo tocatch the coach. I could not stay to hear mnot?, my,blood loiled, and t rushed from the roont into the bush. There Itried to shape my revenge, and as I. looked through ltll' dark forest trees Isaw iMary, as plailnly as:1 see any of yoiunow, and she smiled n nie. I had made up my mindiI to murder Fred Hales in his sleep, to cat his throat. I re turned to the house calm and deotoermined. When I opened my bed-room door, I heard the conversiation in the next room suspended, and could detect a smothered IHugh. I sus pected soma trick, luoked under tile bed, turined down tile blanket and there lay a largo black snake iled , up, ,dead,. placed there to.frightoe me; _ After satisfying niyself tlat the reptile was quite dead I noiselessly witlhdrew it from my bed and' placed it in that of Fred Hales. Wiith a penknifo L prized open tio,snakes jaws and(as well as I could) placed the poison. fangs so .that he would tall on, and wound .lcimself with them. That done I canrefoly .arranged the bed clothes on both beds and was leaving the room, when one of the boys called out (halt nlaghing) "Are you going to bed -Mr. Jones?" How thacnklul I tell that my name was a very common one, " Not yet my boy," I answered, "I'mIn going to take a walk first, my head aches." I went behind thie house and waited. Presently a movement was madet and theo'overseer went to the bed-room. I could not sea him, but could hear him Inugh ing to himself, and stumbling about the room, as he prepared for bod., At last a shriek, loud and uneartble, rang on the frosty night air, a sound that it is impossille to describe, and a general rush was made for the bod. room. There sat Fred unable to move, Iis eyes starting fromn his head, his hair stand ing on end, his countenancdlivid with horror, his hands pressed on hist left sitlo. He re mained so a moment, as we entered the room and then fell back, dead I " And better luck than yout deserved," said tihe cook, " why didn't you put a live snake there anti make sure of the wretch, instead of a dead uni? Now lads another nobbler and then -last in' bed -put out tihe light I " 