WATCHING ON ST. MMIK'S EYE. I From the ilreros.y.l (Concluded from,'our last.) A -wild screech.! Two mid screeches. Phoebe had put her hands ;on the startled women, and given vent'to a dismal groan. She laughed ; but the others went into a desperate passion. First at having been frightened, next at having been followed. "When matters came to be investigated later, it turned out that Phoebe had over heard a conversation between Molly and Hannah, which betrayed what they Were about to do, and had come on purpose to startle them. 1 • A row ensued. Bitter words on both sides-; mutual abusings. , The, elder ser vants ordered Phoebe home ; 'she refused to go,r and .gave, them some sauce. _ She intended to'stay' and see what there was to] be seen, she said ; for<; :all ,;she. could tell, their shadows might pass, and a good thing if they did ; let alone that she'd not, dare to'go back by herselfat that hour and meet the ghosts. Hannah arid Molly cut the matter short by leaving the" stile to her; 'they went round, and took up their places by the churchyard gate It seems very , stupid to be writing of this, P dare say; it must read like an old ghost-story out, of a fable-book; but Avery word-is true, ; as the ^people vthat lived around us then could tell you>, ■ \ There we waited ; Hannah and .Molly gathered close agairis't" the;hedge by the churchyard gate ; Phoebe, wrapped in her shawl, leaning on the top of the., stile; I on the old tree's stump, feeling iriclined to go do .sleep. 7 • It- seemed a. long time, and the night grew1 cold. Evidently there were no watchers for St.- Mark's shadows abroad; that: night except our selves. Without ..warning the old clock boomed out the strokes of . the ho_ur. Ten. . .... ~ Hid you ever have the opportunity of noticing how long it takes for a sound like this to :die; quite away on? the calm aware that some figure Was' advancirig up" the lane towards us with a rather swift step. It's Tod this time, I thought, and-maturally looked.out; and I don't mind telling that I caught hold of the bars of the stile; for companionship in my sheck of terror. - : .;/■ I had never seen the dead walking; hut. I do believe I thought I saw it then. •' • It looked like a corpse in its win ding! sheet,; whether man or woman, none could tell. An ashey-white, still, ghastly face, en veloped Erouhd-^ i bandsj (of white; linen, was turned full to the moonlight, that played upon the rigid,features. The' whole person, from the crown of the head to the soles of the" feet, 'was en shrouded in , a white _t garment. All thoughts of Tod went out bf me ; and I'm not sure but' what my hair rose up on end,-as the thing came; on. Toumay laugh "at me," all of you, but just you go and try it. _ .Myfear went for nothing, however ; it didn't damage" me. .Of all the awful cries'ever heard,. shrill at. first, changing to something like the barking of a dog afterwards, those were theworst; that arose opposite^:. They came from,Phoebe.; The girl had,stood petrified, with strain ing eyes and ; labored- breath, like . one who has not the power to fly, while_ the thing advanced. - Only when it stopped close 'ahd looked at her did "the pent-up cries come forth. Then she turned-to-fly, - and the white ^figure leaped the stile, and went after her into the' copse. "What im mediately followed, I , cannot remember— never could remember it; but it seemed that not more than a minute had elapsed when I and Molly and Hannah were' standing over' Phoebe, lying in convul sions on the ground, and the-creature nowhere (to be seen. The cries had been heaDDiff-the' road,"ahd-sbme'people1 rpass ing came running up. They lifted the girl in their- arms, and bore her home wards. ^ : ! My senses were coming to me, sho wing plainly enough that it was no' " shadow," but some ill-starred individual dressed up to personate' one;: Poor Phoebe ! I could hear her cries still, though the group was already out of the copse and: crossing the: open field beyond. Somebody touched me on the shoulder. ■ "Tod !■ Did yo.u do it ?" "Do what?" asked Tod, who was out of breath with running. '' What was all that row?" v <:> P fold' him. *f' Somebody had made him self into a. ghost, with a tied- up whitened face,, just' as "the dead have, and came up the. Green Lane in a sheet; and Phoebe .was being earned home in convulsions. "You are a fool, Johnny," was his •wrathful answer!• "I am not one to risk a ; thing of that sort, not even for" those two old women we came out to frighten. Look here." - He went to the edge of the copse near the road, and showed me some things— the old pistol from the- stable, and <"gun powder lights that went off with a crash yards high. It's not of much use going into it now. Tod had meant, standing at "a safe distance, to set a light to the ex plosive articles and fire off his pistol at "the same time.; j ; "It would have been so good to see the women scutter off in their fright, Johnny; and it couldn't have hint them. They might have looked upon it as the blue light from below." " What made you so late ?" •'. "Late!"'returned Tod, savagely;'"! am late, and the fun's spoilt.: That con founded old. Duff and his cane came in to see you, Johnny, just as I was starting; there was nobody else, and I couldn't leave him. I said you were a-bed and asleep, but it didn't - send, him. away. Down he sat, telling a tale of ..how hard wbfkepvbe'di.been all day, ;anff asking for brandy-and-water. The dickens take him !" "And, Tod, it was really not you?" "If you repeat that again, Johnny, I'll strike you. I swear it was not me. ■There !Tilever told-you a lie-yet." . He never had ;: and from that moment of strong denial I knew that-Todr had no more to do with'the matter than l had. "I wonder who it could have been?'' "I'll find that out, as sure as my name's Todhetley," "he said, catching up his pistols and lights;. We ran all the way home, looking out in vain for the ghost on our way, and got in almost as soon as the rest. What a hullaballoo it was;,! ? They, put a mattress '"onthe'kitchen" floor, "and" laid' "Phoebe" "on it.-..Mr. Duff ham was upon the scene inj no time ; ■ the SQ^uire had returned earlier, than was thought for, and Mrs. Todhetley came down with: her face smothered in aj woollen handkerchief. j As to any concealment now, it was* useless to think of it. None was at-j tempted, and Molly and Hannah had to confess that they ,went out to watch for the shadows. The Squire blustered at them a little, but Mrs. Todhetley said the ; keenest thing, in her mild way : • " At your age, Hannah !" "I have known a person rendered an idiot for life with a less fright than this," said old Duff, turning round . to/speak. "It was. the following'her that,did;the; mischief." • ' Nothing could be" done that'night as to; investigation; but with the morning the 'Squire'* entered upon : it; .in/hot ganger.; ." Couldn'tthe fool have been contented; with what he'd already, done, without going over the stile after her ?\ Jf I spend a fifty-pound note, I'll unearth him. It looks to me uncommonly.like a.trick you two boys would play/' he added; turning sharply upon me and Tod. And the suspicion, made us all the more eager to find out the reat fox. "But not a clue could we discover. Nobody had known of the proposed qxpeditipn; except Gooder Picker, and she, as everybody testified, was true to the backbone; As the day wjent on, and nothing came-.of it; Tod had.one. of his stamping fits". ■ „ "If one could find out whether it was. man or woman ! If one could divine how. they got at the knowledge !" stamped Tod.- - "The Pater does not look;, sure about us yet:" - " I wonder if it could have been Roger Monk V' J. said, speaking out a thought that.had been dimly creeping up in my mind by.starts all day. "Roger Monk !" repeated Tod, " why, pitch upon him !" ' "Only th'at it's jfist possible he might have got it out of Goody Picker." .'.Away went Tod,1 in. His stiuightforward fashion, to look for .Roger1 Monk, He was in the hothouse-doihg :somfethihg ftp nis plants: : •; ' " Monk, did yout play c that -trick last night 1" n-« [i-l . /, "What tfick,: sir ?'■' askedMonk/twitch ing a good-for-nothing leaf ofLa bndding geranium.: - ::0 ; "What trick! As if there were more. tricks than one 'played'! Tomean dressing yourself up like a- dead manjand frighten ing Phoebe," .. .. .. '"I have too much, to do with my;wort, \- Mr. Todhetley,.to findjfcime to. play tricks. ; I- took no holiday at all yesterday, day or night, but was . about my business, till I went to bed. They were saying out here this morning that the Squire thought you had done it. ; :2 ' ' |. " Don't you be irisolent, Monk. That won't answer with-me." --. *-> M " "Well, sir, it is not pleasant to be ac- ! cused point-blank of a crime, as you've just accused me. I know nothing at all about the matter. 'Twasn't; me. , I had" j no grudge against Phoebe, that I; should harm her." :.s; .m. -j, „r ■ Tod was satisfied ; I wa3.. not. .;'. He never once looked fin either of . our faces as he was speakings We leaped the wire fence and went acros3> to Goody Picker's, -bursting into her kitchen without cere ;mony. ' - r r : " ; > r "Isay, Mrs. Picker, we can't find out "anything about that business last night,'' began Tod. " , - " And you never will,-gentlemen, as is my opinion," returned Mrs. Picker, get ting up in a bustle-and dusting , two wooden chairs. ... "Whoever did that,, .have took himself off; for a bit; never doubt it. 'Twas some oneo' them village "lads.". / "-We have been wondering'whether it. was Po^er Monk." ' ii:; r> - | "Lawk-a-mercy !" cried, she,''dropping a, basin on the brick floor. And/if-- ever I saw a woman change color, She did. ! " What's the matter now ?" J . " Why you sent me into a tremble, gen tlemen, saying that," she answered, stooping to pick up the broken crockery.. "Ayoung man lodging, in my place, do such a villain's trick KrII?d -hot hke^tb think it; I shouldn't rest in my bed. The two servants having started right out from here for the churchyard have cowed down my heart bad enough, without more ill news." j . " What time did Monk come in last night ?" questioned Tod. " Do you re member?". ,. . , "He come in after'Mrs. Hannah anjd the other had gone, " she replied-taking la moment's pause. " Close upon it; I'd hardly shut my door on them when ! had to open it to him." ; c {Did he go out again ?" ; _ "Hot he, sir. He eat his supper, telling me in a grumbling tone about the: extra, work he'd had to do in the . greenhouses and places, because the other mari-haid took holiday best part b' the day.; Arid then he went up to bed. Right tired he seemed." r . We left her fitting the pieces of the, basin together, and went home. "It wasn't Monk," said -Tod.- i'Dut now— where to look for the right: man,' Johnny?" Look as we might, we did not find him. Phoebe was better in a day br |two, 'bufc the convulsive fits stuck to her, coming on at all sorts of unexpected times. Old' Duff thought it might end in insanity. ;,; And that's what came of Watching for, the Shadows on St. Mark's-Eve! * Johnny Ludlow. An author tells thee following amusing story of the verdict of ah. inspector on a set of Waverley novels "They were -consigned-to; a; ! gentleman, who was an aimirer of English;]itera ture; and,;.wben the name of thefbojok andiAhtf author were read out, for the "information of the Inspector, who sat at a high desk and did not look at the volumes himself, he imme diately declared that the work was prohibited." The clerk, who read the name Walter Scott, ! pronounced it • as any Italian would do Voltaire Scott, ij ;This, 'Sirfis^yoltairOiScott. Well, .Sir, and- what,-then? Voltaire's works, are prohibited; and I do not sec what difference the Scott makes.' "T . ,-4 rr_, . Abernethy once said to a rich but dirty pa tient, who consulted him about an eruption " Let your servant bring_ to yoif;three or four' pails of water and put it into a wash-tub ; take off your clothes,, get irito. it, and rub yourself , well .with soap and. a .rpugh towel, and^you'll recover."' " This advice seems very' inuch like' telling me to wash myself," said the patient; "Well," said Abernethy, "it maybe open to that objection." - - 02=; :v; : 