THE . PROCESSION. His Royal Highness was received at the Church gate by the Bishop of Tasmania, the Venerable the the Archdeacon, and twenty-five clergymen of the Church of England, who immediately preceded the Prince in procession, into the enclosure, in the following order:— Clergy in Surplices Two aud two. The Churchwardens of St. David's : T. Giblin, Esq., Alderman Cook, H- L. Roberts, Esq. The Reverend F. H. Cox, Incumbent of St David's. The Venerable Archdeacon Davies. The Bishop, Preceded by his Chaplain bearing the Pastoral Staff. TTTR ROYAL HIGHNESS, THE DUKE OF EDUJBUB&H;, K.G., and His Excellency'the Governor, With their respective suites. Her Majesty's Ministers. The hon. J. M. Wilson, M.L.O., Chairman of the Preparation Committee and Mayor of Hobart Town. The procession filed slowly into the enclosure all bareheaded, the Bishop, Clergy and Churchwardens taking up a position in a semi-circle round the Stone, facing towards the street, The PBIKCE, who was supported by the Governor and his Ministers on the right, and by Lord Newry and the Equerries-in-waiting on tbe left, stood upon the carpetted platform near the shears, beside which Mr. Henry Hunter, the local Architect, and Mr. Robert Wiggins, ihe Contractor for the building, were in attendance ready to lower the Stone, and hand the Royal Mason the level, mallet, and trowel at the proper moment; lay the mortar, and adjust the Stone itself in its destined position. The solemn and impressive service in use in the Church of England, for the ceremony of laying the foundation" stone of a Church was then said and chanted by the Bishop. Clergy and Choir. The Prince, assisted by Mr. Hunter, spread the mortar and the stone was lowered into its place by the contractor, Mr. R. Wiggins. His Royal Highness having applied the level and mallet then said in a clear and audible voice:— In the faith of JESUS CFFRLST, we place this Foundation-stone in the name of GOD the FATHER, GOD the SON, and GOD the Hon GHOST. As the PRINCE pronounced these words, the guard of honour presented arms, and the bugles sounded the salute, and the Choir chanted— " AMEN." The Bishop—Here let true faith, the fear of GOD and brotherly love ever remain : this place is consecrated to praver and to the praise of the most Holy Name of the'Same our LOBD JESUS CHRIST, Who ever livetb, with the FATHER, and the HOLY SPIRIT, one GOD, world without end. Ans.—Amen. The Choir then chanted the Psalm, Ftmdamenta ejus (Ps. T.VVTTVTT ) and sang Psalm O., metrical version. " All people that on earth do dwell, &C.;" The Stone being now duly laid, the site blessed, and the ceremony and the service concluded, his Lordship the Bishop spoke as follows :—" I have to thank TTia Royal Highness for the part which he has so kindly taken to-day, and performed in so business-like a manner. It was becoming that England's Church should receive this recognition from England's Queen in the person of her son. I have now only to beg you aU for the credit of the colony, which has a good name to keep, to perfect what has been so hopefully begun. As I have not time to enforce this duty by a sermon or an oration, I will do it by a text That text is the motto transferred from the arms of Edinburgh whence the Royal Duke derives his title. It is engraven upon that foundation stone, and the same words engraven also upon this trowel, give it a value more real than if it were bestudded with the jewels of a richer colony. The words are " Jfisi Boimmus,fnistra,."—Unless the Lord build the house, their labor is in vain that built it" Churchmen, Unless the Xiord shall stir up our hearts to works of pelf.denying liberality, the Church of which this edifice is to lie t immaterial type will not prosper, brethren, you can without the compromise of principle. contribute to a work built for the glory of our common master. Scottish Presbyterians, our royal guest, who takes liis chief title from your great city, appeals to you to save him from the humiliation of having beirun a wo: k in Tasmania which Tasmanians Jiave not llie heart to finish. Your Royal Highness lias preached to us a silent sermon to-dav in that motto, which is the title to one of the psalnisof King David, whose name this cathedral bears. In the name of the King of Kings, I am sure that there will ascend from, theheavtsof all Tasuianians. of whatever creed, the prayer uttered in the spirit of a motto, that he may keep the ducal house, that magnificent trophy of British skill now floating upon Tasmanian •waters, that it may return safely to the shores of the dear Fatherland. Not only that, we will pray that your Boyal Highness yourself may live true "to the lessons of your childhood and youthtime, and so pass il>e waves of this troublesome world as to reach in safety the eternal shore, without week or hurt, and receive the reward promised to the true and faithful, the imperishable crown of everlasting life." The Bishop then taking his Pastoral Staff into his right hand pronounced the blessing as follows:— The peace of GOD, which passeth all understanding keep your hearts and minds in the knowledge and love of GOD, and of His SON JESUS CHBIBT our I/ORD ; and the HOLT GHOST, be amongst you and remain with you always. Amen. The Duke of Edinburgh then, attended and escorted as before, passed out of the enclosure, and entered the Governor's carriage which awaited H.R.H., at the Church gate. The guard again presented arms as the PBIKCE took his seat in the carriage, which drove away amidst loud and prolonged cheers from the assembled crowd. 