TOPICS OF THE DAY. On Monday afternoon a horse belonging to Mr. R. Davenport, driven by Wm. Quin, dropped dead in Pulteney-street. It is supposed that sunstroke was the cause of its sudden death. On Monday afternoon an acciden occurred, which fortunately was unattended -with serious consequences. By some means an omnibus, with two horses attached, when near Mr. Jackson's, in Bundle-street, ran. into a horse and cut, breaking the pole of the omni bus, and doing some other slight damage. There were no passengers in the omnibus. The adjourned meeting of the South Australian Coal Company was again adjourned, failing a quorum, sine die, in accordance with the articles of association. The Secretary in forms us that those shareholders who attended at his office to receive dividends expressed them selves perfectly satisfied with the state of the accounts. We are informed that Messrs. Ellis and i Chittleborough gave the men in their employ a ' treat to the Bay, on Friday last. A large omnibus was engaged, which left town abtrat 2 o'clock. A pleasant day was spent, and a bounteous repast was provided, to which ample justice was done. After spending a delightful afternoon—albeit the weather was very hot— the party returned to Adelaide about 10 o'clock in the evening. A meeting of the electors of the Dis trict of Gumeracha was held at the Higher combe Hotel, Teatree Gully, on Monday afternoon, March 9. Mr. Gallard in the chair. The meeting was adrdessed by Messrs. Hay, Robertson, Ward, and Hardy, the candidates for the representation of the district. After the candidates had been duly ca'echised, a show of hands was taken with the following results:—For Mr. Babertson, 20; Mr. Ward, 8; Mr. Hardy, 6; Sir. Hay, 29. We are com pelled to hold over our full report in conse quence of the demands upon our space. The annual general meeting of the shareholders in the Cape Jervis Silver-Lead Mining Company was held on the 9th instant. The Directors 1 report and accounts were received and passed. Mr. Shepherd, who is now in charge of the management, attended end reported the completion of the level had drained dry both Cooking's and Ned's Shafts ; that ha was now sinking on the lode at Ned's, which was looking well, and yielding two tons of ore to the fathom. The following gentlemen were elected Directors for the ensuing year:—Messrs. J. B. Neales, F. C. Singleton, W. W. Ttuford, Robert Stuckey, B. B. Colley, and W. Hughes. A few members of the United Commer cial Cricket Club met together on Saturday night, at the Norfolk Arms, at the call of an advertisement to wind up that Club. There was very little business to be done. A state ment of accounts and central matters was made, which showed the Club to be barely solvent and totally inoperative. Under these circum stances it was resolved to wind it up. The Secretary to write to the President and hon. members thanking them for their past patro nage, and informing them of the step now taken. It was resolved (o seTl the property of the Club and hold a closing dinner if prac ticable. A preliminary meeting o f a number of the ratepayers of lhe District of Yatala was held at the Windmill Hotel on Saturday even ing, to consider the advisability of forming a separate district of the southern oortion of the present district. Mr. John Wflliairs having been called to the chair, stated the object for which the meeting wai brought together A considerable amount of discussion followed, from which it appeared that the feeling generally was in favor of dividing the district, but some difference of opinion was expressed as to what should form the boundaries of the new district. It was ultimately arranged to call another meeting of the ratepayers, notice to be given by advertisement On Monday evening, March 9, a juvenile missionary meeting was held in the Hindmarsh-square Congregational Church, when the Rev. S. Hacfarlane, missionary from Lifu, gave an interesting acconnt of his labors on that island. There was a large attendance of scholars from several of the City Congregational Sabbath- Schools. The Rev. F. W. Cox preside i, and after singing and prayer, made a brief address, and then introduced the Rev. S. Macfarlane. who Btatedthat he was happy to see such alarge gathering of the children. He then referred to the scene of his labors, and remarked that the islands of the South Seas were very beauti ful in their appearance, and especially on approaching them, when you saw the waves dashing against the coral reefs, and these reefs had to be crossed in canoes, but when you got over them the water was smooth and you could see the coral at the bottom of the water. He referred to a cruise round the island by night, and spoke of the inngnificent appearance the waters had from the phosphorus it contained. He then referred to various plants in the island, mentioning more particu larly the cocoaunt, banana, and orange trees, the fruit of which he said the natives almost totally subsisted up in. He referred to their peculiar style of dress and adornment, and spoke of their cruelty and barbarism when the missionaries first went among them. He also referred to their supe'stitious traditions and customs, and said that from the time when the missionaries landed in 1841, till about eight years after, they eeemed to have made no im presrion 19011 the minds of the natives, and they were obligedat last to leaj? tiie island, bnt x after /about a twelvcmontUV absence they Returned and -were able -to instil into their minds the troths of the GospejL. He sad k^was pleased to tell them now instead of war and cannibalisain pre yailing, there- was Christianity throughout' the island. Many European ideas had been intro duced among them in the way of making their roads and building, their dwellings, churches, &c;, the missionary's aim being not only to erangalise bat to civilise them. He referred to a very happy gathering the natives had on last Chritmas. whsn one of the churches was decorated, and a Christmas tree was set np and adorned with presents received from South Australia. He concluded by urging upon them to assist in the work. A collection was then made, after which Mr. S. AVhitmore moved a congratulatory resolution, which was seconded by Sir. Scrymgour, and the meeting closed with the benediction. The following correspondence will show that the South Australian Society of Arts has received two valuable classes of presents from the Boyal Academy of Arts in London. We trust they will arrive safely:—"37, Great George-street, Westminister, London, Dec. 11, 1867.—Sir—I have the honor to inform you that 1 am advised by the officials of the Koyal Academy of Arts that a case of most valuable prints and books is ready to be shipped as a donation to the South Australian Society of Arts. I have suitably acknowledged this very handsome present on behalf of the colony, and -will immediately, ship the case to its destina tion. On the other side I hand you a list of the contents of the case, which I beg you will communicate to the Society in Adelaide.—l have, &a;, Fbancis S. Dutton." •• December 18, 1867.—1 have just received the bill of laden for the Cisc of books shipped per 'Coenr de Leon, 7 and enclose it with Mr. T&llack;'s account for £1 3s. 4d. As the contents of this case are valuable I shall cover it for in surance against total loss in £100.— F. S. D." List of works presented to the South Australian Society of Arts by the ltoyal" Academy cf Arts, .London:—Norman Shaw's "Architectural Sketches. Antique Statues, 2 vols. (20 parts folio); do. do., 1 voL, small folio; Bollius's Ancient History, 8 volr. octavo; The Lusted, translated by NicMe, 2 vols. folio; Flaxman's Outline of Homer's Uliad, long quarto ; Antichi Monjunenti D* Italia, folio; volumes of en gravings, various,' long quarto ; eiigravings from sculptures on 'he Triumphal Arch of Augustus, tolio; Antiquities of Herculaneum, folio; Ruins of Diocletian's Palace, folio; Newton's Dis coveries at Halicamassus, folio, with volume of letter-press ; Sir Joshua tteyoolds*s Works, 2 vols. ; Lectures of Academicians; Engrav ings from Sculptures on Trajan's Column, (long quarto). " London, November 25,3867. "Sir—tie so good and inform the Society of Arts in Adelaide that four cases of busts from the Royal Academy of Arts in London are now in dock, ready to be shipped by the John Nicholson. I enclose list of contents of the cases, and wOl forward bill of lading ?nd account of disbursements next maiL The whole of these busts have been carefully cleaned and repaired by Signor Brucciani, Modeller of the Academy of Arts, and they are a very valuable collection. No. 27, head of Apollo, is a cast, the original marble of which the Academy paid £4,000 for. Mr. Eyre will liave a few more busts and casts to follow, and also some volumes of prints of statues, Ax. I have, &c;, Fbakcis S. Dotton." List of casts presented by the Boyal Academy of Arts, London, to the South Australian Society of Arts :—Susannah, Homer, Ajax, Seneca, Koman Head (Augustus), Boman Head, Niobe, Minerva, Ariadne, Boman Head, Head of Laacoon, Child of Laacoon, Pericles, Roman ] Head, Young Augustus, Jupiter, Boman Em-; peror, Cicero, Jsscn!a]>ius, Diana, Young Nero, Paris, Boma, Julius Cae-ar, Head of a Female, Boman Head, and Apollo. We may add to the above that a sped -1 meeting of the Committee of the South Australian Society of Arts was called for Monday, 9th, for the purpose of con-, sideling the desirabi'ityof trecting a monument in Adelaide to the memory of the late Governor, Sir D. Daly. Owing to the smallness of the attendance the further consideration of the matter was deferred until the next regular meeting of the Committee, when the office, bearers are to be specially invited to be present. On Monday evening "Richardlll." was put on the stage of the Town Wall Theatre. The attendance was not large, but attentive and apparently well pleased with the bill offered. The calico ceiling was not completed, so that we can hardly yet judge of the effect upon the acoustic qualities of the room, but it struck us that the hearing was better than it has yet been. We confess we looked forward doubtfully to the production of such a tragedy as that of " ltichard 1U.," so full of important characters, with the present company. The difficulty was, however, met to a large extent ' by extensive clipping, and the omission of the part of Clarence. As some set off for , being de; rived of the pleasure of hearing or : seeing poor Clarence splashing or floating in a tub of Blsasdale. we were favored with the assassination of King Henry VL by Gloster, which scene it will be remembered does not belong to the tragedy of " Richard ILL," but to the Third Part of " K? g Henry VT." Mr. J. J. Welsh acted the part of the weak Henry, making him appear fully a? imbecile as the 1 most •infavorrble history has painted him, and succeed, d in conveying the impression that royalty did not suffer much in his death. Such a monarch might suit re sponsible Government, but was decidedly unsuited to the iron age. Mr Anderson gave a very fair rendering of Richard. His facial expression is not sufficiently plastic to assume the depth and subtlety of the monster i when in his most diabolical and crafty moods. The smile of the murderer was not sufficiently sinister. In delivery, tone, and attitude Mr. j Anderson was exceedingly good. His solilo- j quies were admirably given, and the sime may be said of bis diplomacy and his banter of his victims. The wooing of Lady Ann was a masterpiece, and elicited rounds of well merited applause. The closing scenes of the wretch's life, when tormented by the plots of enemies and the defection of supposed friends, haunted by the ghosts of bis murdered victims, were fine'y rendered. The battle and the combat with Bichard can hardly fail to have in it something of the ludicrous, unless placed on the boards with the most ample and perfectly arranged accessories; but the fight between the rivals for the Crown and the death of " the bloody dog" gave great delight, especially to the gods, who gazed upon the tcene in ecstacy, and when all was over testified their approbation in a most demonstra tive manner. The part of Richmond was taken by Mr. Lawrence, whose utterance lacked soldierly precision and clearness ; however, he possesses a fine figure, which showed to advantage in the cut and thrust exhibi tion with which the piece closed. The Duke of Buckingham found a pleasant comfortable looking representative in Mr. Holloway, whose rotund form and merry countenance, reminded us of anything but blood, murder, and dark conspiracy. Lady' Anne was personated by Miss St. Denis, who exhibited a great deal of her usual clever acting and appropriateness of delivery. There was, however, a want of fire in her rendering of Anne's scathing invective and fierce anathemas upon the murderer of her husband and fatfaer in4aw. If this proceeded from a desire to avoid rant it was a mistake, for there would necessarily be a wild energy in the bereaved woman's denunciation of the author of her woes. The Budden appearance of the wretch in' the presence of the last sacrifice to his remorseless ambition, all bis crimes and her wrongs crowd ing upon the recollection and imagination, the loathing -created by tie eight of the monster would excite emotions that could not find' vent in subdued tones or mea sured delivery. Then what must have been the violence of that passion that could enable a woman knowing Glostees deadly,-pitiless chr ractcr, to his face, to pour the bitterest re proach upon him, and call down the most awful curses on his head. Nowhere can anything ap proaching to tameness be so much out of place as in such a scene. However, though Miss St. Denis might properly have thrown more fervor into this part, her elocution and acting were otherwise very good. The style in which she rendered Ann's gradual yielding to the persua sion of Bichard was excellent. Mrs. Holloway, as the unhappy Queen hardly gave the idea of wastin; grief, and altogether the cha racter did not seem one specially adapted to her peculiar talent. As the Duchess of York, Miss Melville showed a slight want of the courtliness befitting the character. Mi-s Forde represented the Prince of Wales, and Miss E. Harsh was very piqwintc as the little Duke of York, jeering his deformed uncle, the ac cursed Glo'ster. Mr. J. B. Grevflle represented. the Lord Mayor with a becoming gravity. For Stanley and Norfolk we can only say they did not exactly agree with our idea, of the old nobility of those times. Ratcliffe, Catesby, and Tyrrel seemed harmless gentlemen enough, and talked about the most horrible murders in which they were concerned with an astonishing placidity. At the close of all there were loud calls for Bichard, and Mr. Anderson appeared before the curtain. The cheering being renewed Mr. Lawrence ctme forward and bowed to the audience. The farce of "A Regular Fix" followed, and created an immense amount of laughter. To-night "Money" will be played, followed by a farce. . 