SOUTH AUSTRALIAN BAPTIST ASSO CIATION. The annual meetings of the above Association commenced on Tuesday morning, October 27, when the ministers met at the vestry of Flinders-street Baptist Church, and spent some time in devotional exercises and conference upon subjects of special interest to them as pastors. In the evening a meeting of ministers, delegates, workers, and I members took place in the chapel, when addresses were delivered upon "Early Conversions" by the Rev. W. O. Ashton, of South Rhine, and others; and a paper was read by the Rev. J. Price, of Alberton, entitled, " What is the precise truth to be placed before the unbeliever in order to his i regeneration?" Statements were made as to striking conversions of children recently, and details of Christian effort were placed before those J present. On Wednesday morning, at 10, the first meeting for business was held in the vestry, when there was a good attendance. After an hour spent in prayer, praise, and Scripture-reading—the Rev. D. Badger, of Morphett Vale, presiding—the Rev. S. Mead, M.A., briefly introduced the Chairman for the ensuing year, the Rev. H. J. Lambert, of Norwood, who proceeded to read the annual address, as follows:- Dear Brethren and Fathers in the faith of our Lord Jesus Chiist—With humility and much diffi dence I accepted and now occupy this honoured position, as Chairman of the South Australian Association of Baptist Churches. Young as a Christian, younger as a Christian minister, and yet again younger in my experience of colonial Church life, I crave your sympathies and ask your prayers. My feeling of reluctance in yielding to the wish of your Committee was at once followed by the feeling of responsibility in selecting a sub ject for my address. I believe that, in answer to prayer,I have to ask your attention to the follow ing:—"True success in our Churches, and how to attain it." In the interest of the Churches we are met here to record, as far we are able, the measure of success with which we have been favoured of God, to stimulate each other in the service of our Master, and to suggest or devise means for carry- ing out more efficiently the work committed to our hands. My subject, therefore, must commend itself to the brethren. I shall endeavour to indicate what we should regard as true success in our Churches, and then notice some of the means by which this success may be secured. As an association we gratefully acknowledge the Divine hand in leading us to our present position and feel thankful that today we realize the presence of our God. Yet in the Lord's work to which, dear brethren, we are separated we must recognise our great responsibility. The burden of every prayer and effort must be true success. It would be unbecoming even for men of the world to enter upon their schemes and specula tions careless as to results. How much more so for Christian men to engage in the Lord's work of winning souls and extending the Redeemer's Kingdom, dealing with spirit life, where results both to themselves and to others are eternal. For Christian men in their work to be indifferent as to success is a contradiction. But what is true success ! When the farmer is adding acre to acre and barn to barn, or the merchant is adding vessel to vessel and store to store, and the leathering account at his banker tells of his rapidly increasing wealth, it is said success attends him. When the warrior gains conquest after conquest, and everywhere asserts the power and might of his arms, a nation shouts his praise—his deeds are recorded in history, and his name handed down to posterity as that of a successful man. In worldly affairs or ordinary transactions, because men deal in things that are seen, results can generally be tabulated, and a fair estimate of success formed. But in the work of God this is not always possible; success is not so readily marked here, because whether in the heart of an individual believer, or whether amid the community of Church members, we deal with things spiritual and unseen. True success is not merely great show of numbers, but it is the winning of souls. This is an age of great enterprise, great companies, great exhibitions, great Atlantic cables, great armies, and great wars. And this spirit of the age is in the Church. The aim appears to be great Churches-- i.e., great in numbers, as though in the range of figures we could find the sum of success. I trust that I shall not be misunderstood. It is the greatest joy of both minister and people to receive accessions continually from the vvorld, and we feel that where there are no additions there can be very little life. But numbers are not a true index of success, or of the measure of success. The work of a Church is spiritual, and consequently to a great extent is unseen; so that results can scarcely be reduced to a statistical report, or be estimated and marked down by any number of digits. Did success consist simply in numbers, then might we excite many to join us; but men are to be fully persuaded. An actor on the stage can excite and move a vast audience to tears or alarm just in sympathy wish the part he plays; and this can can be doue in the pulpit as well. In such seasons of excitement many under strong feelings would crowd into the Church; but their experience would prove to be mere feeling, and presently they would withdraw again into the world, in worse condition than before, and from very shame avoid the means of grace. N umbers may deceive. Where there are numbers, there is seeming health; yet it may be but a hectic flush upon the cheek, while the cruel hand of disease is holding the heart and crushing out the life. In a Church where the numbers are few, there may be more real success than in that Church where numbers are most pretentious. In fact, according to present experience, where error most abounds there are greater numbers than where the truth is pure; e.g.. compare Buddhism, Brahininism, Mohammedanism, Roman Catholicism with evan gelical Troted antism. While, however, true suc cess cannot be represented by numbers, yet without additions there must be failure. \Ye want numbers, but we want only such as God will approve. W e are concerned that our membership shall increase, but we are more concerned that the increase shall be of those only whom God shall save. To win such must ever be the aim and eff ort of the Churches. Undoubtedly the gifts Jesus bestows upon His disciples vary; and it may be the work of one particular Church member or of one particular pastor, to simply sow seed or water the seed sown by others, or to edify and build up , the Church, and such may be verv faithful in the Master's service, without seeing souls saved; it may be another's to reap. But we must remember the pastor, or individual member, is not the Church, and cannot do the Church's work; and while it may be that here and there some particular member or the Church can possibly claim exemp tion from responsibility in the direct work of winning souls, yet surely such cannot be claimed for the entire community of members. Most assuredly our work is, under God, to win souls. We are to be fishers of men: and without success here no Church should rest content. I have often thought of late that the measure of success in winning souls which a Church ought to seek, where there is a fair field and population, is to double its numbers in 12 months. Every member should be a worker for God, and is it too much to expect that in 12 months—having the public services and prayer-meetings, the Sabbath-schools and Bible classes, religious publications, and other means of grace to supplement and sustain all individual effort—is it too much to expect that in 12 months each member of the Church shall be the means of winning one soul: We do not think this is pre sumption, neither is it defining for God what He shall do. True success is not merely great show of wealth or fashion, but it is the edification and sanctification of Church members. Wealthy means, refined deportment, or even fashionable appear ance in the Church we would not condemn. We think the days have gone for Christians of liberal means to build mere barns in which to worship God, and to provide most rough and uncomfort able accommodation for worshippers, and to nearly starve their minister, under the impression that everything like worldliness or pride must be checkeil, and that in all things we must be most plain. We think that respectability and comfort and refinement in our midst are to he commended. There should be courtesy, a kind and gentle beha viour, bearing and forbearing one with another. Where it is otherwise, confusion, discord, and petty annoyance will arise, iiveu fashionable attire, so often condemned, does not always indi cate a worldly spirit. Of course any extreme is unseemly, and singularity will generally mark pride-a Quaker's quiet garb has often clothed a spirit very proud of its simplicity. Wealth in a Church—other things being equal—is a good: for while God works by means, wealth is needed 111 order to provide and sustain the machinery for evan gelistic effort. A wealthy Church member, having piety and goodness of heart, is a man of extra talent and power. But mark, neither wealth nor respectability can indicate true success in any Church. These might only conceal the ruin and death beneath. A Church might have the grace and elegance of a piece of sculpture, and with this it might have the coldness and hardness of marble; show and deportment might be but the I purple and fine linen of this world, the flowing folds of which only enwrapped the hideousness of disease. The _ Church might be a whited sepulchre, a garnished tomb. Wealth in itself is neither goodness nor strength; used by a fool, it is weakness, and in the hands of a bad man, it may prove to be a curse. We must not seek success in these things. Our Churches must seek higher treasures than those which perish—richi s that shall endure. Our great work is spiritual; and, beyond extending llie truth in the hearts of the ungodly, true success may be seen in the edification and sanctification of our members. In the Church spirits are to be trained for God s service both here and hereafter. By its ordinances and means of grace they are to be edified and strengthened and established in their holy faith that they may bear fruit and wiu others. The Father's will concerning us is our sanctification. For tills end we are chosen, and called, and ordained. We are born into this new life, but we are not to remain babes we are to grow into the stature of strong men. Peter urges us (2nd Epistle, chap, i., verses 5-9)—"And, he sides this, giving all diligence, add to your faith virtue, and to virtue kuowledge, and to knowledge temperance, and to temperance patience, and to patience godliness, and to godliness brotherly kindness, aud to brotherly kindness charity : for if these tilings be in you aud abound, they make you that ye shall neither be barren nor unfruitful in the knowledge >.f our Lord Jesus Christ. But he that lacketh these things is blind, and cannot see afar oil', and h ith forgotten that he was purged from his old sins." Thus we are bound to seek in our Church members an ever-deepening knowledge of the truth, and an ever- increasing vital godliness. Yet with many Christians it appears to be for gotten that they must grow in knowledge and grace, and often an objection is raised against teaching the more advanced truths of the New Testament It is very commonly confessed by Church mem bers—and the confession is generally made without, shame, sometimes even as if there were tiie belief that ignorance was a kind of virtue—that what they need is not strong meat, but. only the milk of the word—the first principles. These good and ig norant people seem almost sorry that the Apostles were so fond of that deep doctrinal teaching with j which their epistles to the Churches are filled. From such these derive no benefit, aud they much prefer "the simple Gospel"—"the simpler the | better." Brethren, there is something very sad ; and very ridiculous, too, in so many Christians in dulging in such babyish talk; always crying for milk as though it were quite proper for them to remain all their days infants in Jesus. Tliey appear to think there is soinethiug very touching and beautiful aud humble in ail this. But, brethren, how wrong: What a terrible condition would that be for a family where the sons and daughters of 21 summers still retained the inno cent simple features and lisping speech and pathetic helpnessness of babyhood Bo; tliev need then to have the developed strength of men and women, that they may do the world's work. And so of the Church. God is not anxious that we should perpetuate the weakness and ignorance of our infancy in Jesus. Evil is in the world around us; errors are in our midst with which we must contend. Seasons of struggle are constantly I arising for the Church, when her faith is tried. Now, unless our members are edified and strengthened and built up, in the time of danger, where are we to look for strong ones to defend the truth? God asks for men to fight the fight of faith. His demand is that Christians should "grow in grace and in knowledge;" that they should "gofrom strength to strength," and attain unto the perfe stature of the man in Christ Jesus." This world is the training-ground, the schoolhouse for our souls; so that unless, after gathering in men and women from the world, the Church is the me ms of educa ting and sanctifying, in order to fit them for higher service, she is unsuccessful in her Lord's work. True success is not merely completeness of Church organization, but it is the maintaining of true dis cipline and the faithful administration of God's | ordinances. The different races and classes in society are doubtlessly all included in the won drous plan of God's mercy, and are all to be reached and affected by the Gospel of ills grace— "Go ye into all the world, and preach the Gospel to every creature." To meet the wants of each class and character, whether the stem Konian, or the luxurious Greek, or the ceremonious Jew, the Master in founding His Church made provision. He chose out men of opposite temperaments and gifts, providing one with strong Jewish sympa thies, as the Apostle to the circumcision; and another with cultivation and discipline, as the ! Apostle to the Gentiles, able to cope with the ! subtlety of the Greek, or to contend with the strength of the Itoman mind. Society, in its diver sities of race, &e.;, demanded the exercise of various gifts in the Church; and that all the gifts our Lord bestowed should have unity aud strength, Jesus banded His disciples together, and constituted them brethren of one family. And from the earliest days good men have sought to give effect to the numerous powers and appliances of the Church, so that all gifts might be utilized, and that each should contribute to the success of the whole. And seeking to preserve unity and order, they have elaborated the different Church organizations. They are systems elaborated by men. and there fore, however complete, must partake largely of human imperfection. Each perhaps represents a particular age or a particular people, but can scarcely be univeisally applied. As a fact not one lias yet been altogether successful; not one has brought under its influence and rule ail classes of men, else we should not now have so many distinct denominations. Doubtless in the Divine mind the Church is a complete organization—;.il its sections blending in a higher unity, which we at present are not able to comprehend, and which, purged of all evil, may in the last day be known as the one "Church of the firstborn above." In these days Church organization is a snare. With many the tendency is to rest in the 6ystem as the end attained, rather than to use it as simply a means to the end. This is especially the case when the organization assumes the proportions of a vast connection. We find men so deeply absorbed with the glories of their particular system that they appear far more concerned about building up the metliodisiu of their party thau iu the establish ment of the truth, and far more anxious to spread the connection than to extend the Redeemer's Kingdom—seeming to confound these two things, and to make them synonymous. We do not forget that unity is strength and that organization is power. We recognise the Divine appointment of Church offices and system. Hence we hold as very dear the simple and scriptural order of Congregationalism. In this we possess all the advantages of union, and at the same time are free from ail those b ;r.(ls cf thought and action which must attach to a connec tion. We have a constitution the laws' of which are in the ISew Testament, which it is our privi lege to interpret and apply. We call none master save Jesus, so that we are free to adopt any fresli or distinct appliance which promises good, and for which we can claim the sanction of God's Word. We do not adhere to the dress of cur childhood or of home, but with the growth of years and change of clime we are ready to alter both fabric and fashion. When our clothes become old or cum brous we put them off for others of more advantage. Wc do not pretend to the possession of an unalter ably complete organization, but we rejoice in having one derived from the Scriptures, and capable of almost endless growth and application. Yet, however complete our orgaifizitiou, such is not success, but onlj1 a means to this end, and a means which in one age may be necessary but in another age may be set aside. Consecrated priests and temples, sanctified seasons and ceremonies, as under the old economy, were important ami sacred; bat now, uuder this dispensation of the Spirit, the Lord requires and will bless the lay preacher—"him that hearetb" and says come that we should regard a work-day as a holiday; and that a simple upper room or a bush but may lie the dwelling-place and presence- chamber of our King. While, therefore, we would be careful not to trust organization as success, yet wc feel there must be order and t-ue discipline. The Christian Church, according to the Scripture, is a company of believers iu Jesus, an association of spiritual men and women, or "saints." orceitainly of those who profess and seem to be such, and in order to strength and purity and true success this character must he maintained. In the Church there must be no admixture of the world ; none have a right there, except those who, by the grace of God, have experienced a change of Peart, and "have passed from death unto life." In all eges there have been in the Church the self-deceived and also deceivers. Among the Apostles there was a Judas, and in the first Christian Church there was an Auanias and Sapphira. Such may some times be our experience. But men cannot long remain deceivers; the real life wili bring forth fruit and reveal itself. And that the pure may be defended and the false cast out, there is the heed for maintaining true discipline, and faithfully administering God's ordinances. Further, this discipline must be exercised from the first; the unworthy must be refused, the '• giro's ordinances must not be administered to the ungodly. So essential is this in God's sight that we are com manded in the case of any ungodliness—" Put away from among yourselves that wicked person," 1 Cor. v. 13 Care in this matter ; f discipline would not only exclude from membership ail who are not Christians, but would also prevent that terrible evil pertaining to some Churches, viz.. ungodly men holding office as elders or deacons, or even ministers. The Church is the appointed organ of the bpirit of God. through which He acts and operates upon the world around, and only in proportion as the Church is ! framed in conformity with His will can Go.*l flash through its eyes the light, or speak hv its tongue the words of love and wisdom, or work be its hands, and accomplish His own sovereign will. Faithfulness in discipline, would he a means towards the proper administration of the Lord's ordinances. We recognise two in the Christian Church—Baptism and the Lord's Supner. Res; ect ing the administration of the Lord's Supper, all Evangelical Churches are agreed, in theory at least, that it is only for believers. It would be deemed a disobedience and a degradation to allow of an unbeliever or of an unconscious babe to partake. It must be received remembering Jesus. So of the Christian ordinance of baptism. It is prescribed and commanded for Christians as the first public act of obedience to Jesus, by which they profess their faith_ and declare the name of their liege Lord. And just as the Lord's Supner must be administered, and received remembering Jesus, so must baptism be administered and j received profes-ing Jesus, and professing faith in His name. But upon this matter all Kvangelical Churches are not agreed, even in theory, it is a > distinctive m3rfc of the Churches we represent. ! While, therefore, among others this ordinance is j misrepresented, or entirely ignored, by the substi- ; tution of an unscriptural ceremony, there is the ! greater need that we should faithfully witness to this truth, and maintain its strict integrity. We never said, and never do say, that it is essen tia! to salvation; on the contrary, we believe it is valueless where it is not observed in faith. We ' ever insist upon the candidate for baptism being : first a believer, and therefore saved through faith in Jesus, before he has any right to receive, or before the Church lias any authority from her Lord to administer this Christian ordinance. Had there been faithfulness here from the earliest ages of the i Church, had baptism been administered only to ] I such as made a creditable profession of faith in : Jesus, some of the greatest apostacies and cor ■ ruptions and deluding doctrines which have dis torted and stained the Church would never have ] been known. Moreover, this ordinance, faithfully maintained and administered, will, we believe, yet ! | prove to be as an axe laid at the root of the -tree, ( by means of which many an evil now in the j ] Churches will be overthrown, iiemember, brethren. ! | we are children of the Divine household, and our : i privileges can never set aside nor supersede the i laws and regulations of our Father's house. We ] j are servants of the living Cod—servants of Jesus. ' | We are under orders, and we are bound to obey. | Thus, in the winniugof souis to the Saviour, in the | educating and sanctifying of Church members, in the maintaining of true discipline and faithfully administering God's ordinances, the Churches thus growing in numbers and knowledge and I purity, and being kept pure to witness for I God aud Histruih—in this do we see true success. I We wili notice some of the means for attaining | true success, 'file age of miracles is past. God lias now ordained means, and it would appear that I always it is through the faithful use of the proper and appointed means that we receive the bessing. The Lord sends prosperity in harvest ; only when men employ the means, preparing the | land and planting it at the proper time. So in j spiritual tilings—if we would reap, we must sow; i aud whatsoever we sow, tiiat we must reap. Tluce ! whom God blesses most abundantly are invariably j those who are most faitiifui aud mast diligent. 1 Our Churches do not always leahze this siuipie fact. As means to success we must use the simple Word of God. We must have the power of the Holy Spirit in answer to prayer, and there must be consistency of life iu our Church members. We must use the simple Word of Cod. The Scriptures are God's utterance—the revelation of His mind aud wili.. These He has eutrusted to the Cliuiches t'iat they may prove "profitable for doctrine, for reproof, f r correction, for instruction in righteous ness, that tiie man of God may be perfect, throughly furnished unto all good works." These aiso are "die power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth." If, then, God's Word ! be a means to success, we must understand it. It would be utterly useless for good to nlace in our hands an implement or weapon respecting the nature and use of which we were i-i perfect igno rance. This Word of God is the weapon we must use in order to destroy error; it is the means of oursanctirieuion; it is to guide us in all Church action. Is there not the need, then, constantly and reverently to search its truth and learn? We deem it most important that as far as possible there should be a knowledge of the Scriptures iu their original languages, especially iu our ministers and teachers, that like the Levites ofoid they should be able to read the word "dis tinctly and give the sense." This knowledge the ; Association endeavours to impart in the training of our young men for the pastorate. But when, as in the case of most of our members, there is no op portunity of readiug the original Scrip :mes, how irit- i portaut is the matter of placing m their hands the 1 truest translation possible. And when two or more English versions are within our reach, and we have the opportunity of circulating one which is a truer aud more faithful renderiug of the original than is the other, may it not become a question even of guilt 011 the part of the Churches and Christiaus geuerally when they ignore or refuse the more accurate, and still distribute the less correct and somewhat antiquated Bible ? There is a general feeling in our day among the Churches that one ef our greatest wants is a more thorough knowledge of God's Word, not of isolated texts, j hut of the word in its fulness and in a more con secutive order. This can be gained only by diligent and earnest study. Aud here how important it must appear that oar Churches should make pro- j vision so as to supply all aid for the study and understanding of God's Woid. Where a Church is healthy and successful in winning souls to Jesus j there will no doubt be received same who are I young in years, and very many whose minds are uninformed. These are special wauls which must be met. Here arises the need, wherever practicable, of instituting aud sustaining efficiently Sabbatli scboeis, Bible Classes, and sectional meetings of Church inembersforthestudy of Scripture, all being under the care of teachers and leaders who themselves realize the power and precious uess of the truth. In these means would be found a bond of union, but especially ' here would our members he instructed and built up in the faith. Having understanding of the Word, knowing our weapon, we must fearlessly use it. God's Word is the sword of the Spirit, "living and powerful;" it is the hammer to break hard hearts. Almost invariably in the case of conver sion wc learu that the Scriptures have been the in strumental causi; it may have been in a sermon or lei-son, or csuversatiou, or quiet meditation, but it was the Woid which was "the power of God unto salvation." The Scriptures are a lamp to guide the wanderer's feet; they are as a light shining in a dark place. They are a "shield ani buckler" to the tempted. When our Lord was sorely beret by the enemy. He simply met him witli "It is written," "It is written," "It is written;" and with this sword of the Spirit the tempter was over come. in all our work we should use the simple Word of God; we may trust it to accomplish its great purpose. Far too often man's word is sub stituted for God's Word in "eloquent sermons," ; or "interestingdiscourses," or "eiaboratearticles," i or "essays;" and these fail to accomplish much good, and we wonder. But God's Word is the ' msans; not man's word. Bid wc familiafza our selves with God's simple truth, and always faith fully and fearlessly use it iu all its simplicity, we should find it the means of winning souls— " palliug down the strongholds of sin and Satan;" the meaus of educating and sanctifying Church members; and the means of guiding and giving authority in maintaining the order aud purity of the Church. Let us guard tlie Word of God, and that Word will guard us. Brethren, we are sometimes blamed for a spirit of controversy. But shall we who own no creed save the Scriptures; who are free from the trammels of men's traditions; who are unbound by subscription to any "articles of belief" drawn up by human wisdom; who are free from the restrictions of assent and consent, or agree ment with the "notes and sermons" and rules ; written or enunciated by auv great reformer-shall we who reverence God's Word as the only rule for our faith and practice—shall we be silent when error is preached and spreading around us, and when God bids us to "earnestly contend for the faith which was once delivered unto the saints." (Jude, 3.) In 1 Tim., iii. 15, we read that the Ghtrch is "the pillar and ground," or stay "of the truth." And when we see some transposing these tilings, and, instead of defending the truth, making the tiuth subservient to their own ends, and using it to build up aud defend their own party interests, we dare not, even for peace sake, be silent. We do not want a peace which is no peace. Ho; let us have coutroveisy rather than erior; but let us ever contend for principles, not for party; for truth, nut for connection. Then shall we be faithful to our trust, and then shall we be able to answer at the bar of our Judge. We must have the power of the Holy Spirit in answer to prayer. Our woik is God's v.-oik, and not ours. God may convert through the Word. God may sanctify through or by means of the Word; but throughout it is the spirit that qu giveth life—it is the Spirit that sanctifies. So that while we employ the simple truth of God as a means, we must have the energy of the Holy Spirit to give it power. It is not so much the sword in the day of hattle as it is the arm that wields it, and for this power we must pray. " Them that honour me I will honour, saith God.''— 1st Sam., ii. 110. Now men do not honoui God wheu in contra I ici ion to the Scriptures they declare there is ( 110 personal Holy Spirit, and that the Spirit is a mere inflrence which dwells in the Word. The people : 111 our .Lord's day s 011 earth possessed the Old 1 Testament Scripture, yet the Holy Spirit was not I come. Jesus was with tliern, yet the Holy Spirit was not come; nay, it was expedient for Jesus to ] go away that He might send them the Holy Ghost. Our blessings come from God. He has ' unarmed the blessings, yet we are tc ask at His hands. Our Lord taught, and we receive His ; teaching, not that the Spirit or all power is in the ' Word, ami inseparable from the Word; but by i that very iVo:«l we are taught that we mu.t ask . iu order to receive, and seek in order to fiud. There : must be prayer in our Churches for the Holy : Spirit's power if there is to lie true success. A praying Church is a mighty power with Gou and 1 man. And knowing this, that od dees hear and : answer prayer, then should the Churches con- ! stantly supplicate that their own and otbeis' hearts might be prepared to receive the truth, and ' that God's power might attend the preached : Word. As Aaron ami Ur supported the arms of : Moses, so should the Churches by prayer support ! tlie pastors in their work. But observe, prayer is ' not simply uttering wurds of pe:itiou;it is this 1 carried into effort as well. Emerson remarks. ! "The prayer of the husbandman is kneeling in his field to weed it; the prayer of the rower is the ! stroke of his oar." And surely we may apply ■ this to ourselves. Ti;e prayer of the Christian ! is ell'ort as well as utterance. Like faith, : unless it take form in actions it is dead. Cur Lord ! said mora than "ask and ye shall receive." He j said "seek." there was something to bs done; "seek!" We have known men to crawl on their hands and knees over whole sections of land, part- j ing the grass-blades, and disturbing the surface ; soil, that!iiev might discover some indications of 1 copper. That is see-king. "Seek, and ve shall ! find." Our l ord said more than this. You may j receive a cheek; you may come to a closed door, i which may seem to deny you further progress, j Well, "knock;" perhaps you will have to wait still; : '■ knock," and it shall be opened unto you." j " How much more ready is your Heavenly Father I to give His Holy Spirit to tbem that ask Him" j than you are to give good gifts unto your children. , Had our Churches au enduring faith in this > healthy prayer, then might we all have revival in i onr midst, not by exciting men, and so "getting I up a revival," but by praying the reviving in- 1 fluencesfrom above, and so bringing a revival down 1 from God into men's hearts. Then should we j have true success. We must have consistency of life in our Church members. There can he little doubt that one of the greatest hindrances to success in our Churches is the inconsistency- of essing Christians in their ordinary daily lives. professii _ Every Christian should be a worker and a witness for God. _ We profess to have given ourselves to the Lord's service in the winning of souls, and vet how many are altogether indifferent eoucera- j ing those who are absolutely perishing arouud. We j like to be instructed and comforted in the house of prayer, aud we are ready to give of our sub stance towards Christian or benevolent objects; ' but we never speak a word, never raise a hand, | never suffer inconvenience, that we may save a 1 dying sinner. Men mark our listlessness, and j say—these Christians do not believe what they pro- ' fess, else they would be in more earnest care about ! us who are without the Saviour. Thus our work is j hindered. We profess to have a higher and a j better life than others, and men look to see the ! fruit. Men watch us, and instead of seeing the I graces of the Spirit, they note our shortcomings j and our sins, selfishness, pride, bitterness of spirit, and sometimes even most cruel deportment one towards another; aud they say-these who profess to imitate the meek and lowly Jesus are no better ' than others who make no such profession; and they put away any good impressions of the truth. Thus our work is hindered. On the other hand, a con* sisteut, earnest godly life is a testimony, the force of which is felt by all. The great power which Uod brought to bear upon the world was the power of a living Christ. Men who had forgotten God, and were living afar off', were aroused, and brought nigh to tiie divine in the person of the living Jesus. And, brethren, the great power still brought to bear upon the world, through the Church, and the power to which men will now respond is theliving Christ, reproduced and manifested in the lives of His di-eiples. There, in the Christ- like life of a believer is the Bible and the Gospel which all men can read and understand. And this our Lo«d demands. He who has bought us with His own blood, He who lias saved us, say, "I am the vine, ye are the branches,*'— i c.. I am the true lite and source of life; you partake of that life. Go ye and live it out before others—bring forth fruit, the product and expression of My life in you, Were this the case with us ail, men would yield, not to us, but to our Lord, whose life they would feel, and whose image they would see. Then should we have success; and just as the bitterest enemies of our religion yet often do homage to the pure and exalted teachings of the New Testament, so those who might oppose ur individual claims, and even ridicule our faith, would be constrained to bow before our Christ-like life, and owu it to be of God. This is what, the Church needs in order to tell upon the world and to be truly successful Christ like men—men on whom can be recognised the image of the "Lord from heaven*1—not those who can talk beautiful pious words, but whose spirits are the temple of pride, aDd whose hearts are the altar of Mammon; not those who are devout on the Sabbath-tiny, but godless through the week; rather those who live a watchful con sistent life always, who keep holy not simply the seveuthday, but the seven days, who worship God on 'Change as well as in the Church, and who ate holy in the mart as wed as in the pew. Such is the preaching and service to impress men; Buch is the service God accepts, the service of the life in illustration of the service of the sanctuary. Brethren, let us enter upon this another year of our history with a fresh consecration of ourselves to tiie Lord. Let our lives be prayer, and then the blessing will come. Let our lives be praise, and then God will be glorified. We pray for abundant success in our midst, and that like blessings may attend all true and faithful Churches of our Lord Jesus Christ. Then, after faithfully seivir-g him below, we shall each find our place in the one Church above, and shall there rest in the enjoyment of our eternal reward. Discussion was then invited, the ex-Chairman (the Bev. S. Mead) having previously pointed out the reason for having the annual addresses, and de fined the position which these utterances were in tended to take. The Chairman's address, it was considered by the previous speakers who followed, was to be in all cases regarded as the embodiment of his views upon the subjects which he con-idered it of importance should be brought forward for thought and discussion; but these annual papers al.-o received a certain measure of sanction, be cause coming from the Chairman, and being read at meetings of the Association in fact, tbey occu pied a similar position to those spoken or read at the gatherings of the Congregational Union. A lengthened discussion ensued upon the paper pre sented, and the meeting adjourned at haif-past 12 till half-past 2. On reas-emhling a number of ministers, mem bers of Committee, and delegates stated their views, some taking exception to particular forms of expression, but all appearing to agree with the mover of a vote of thanks and request that the address be printed, who said that as to deprecating controversy, it was often rather necessary in de fence, and that he regaided the paper as excellent in attitude, substance, style, and spirit. The vote of thanks and request for publication were carried unanimously, and the Chairman ackuowledged the first and consented to the second. ANNUAL REPORT. The Secretary (Rev. S. Mead) then read the report as subjoined " The chief feature in the history of our Churches during tiie past year is the signal bles siug which, almost without exception, has rested upon thein. .Requiring as we do from each one admitted into our Churches distinct testimony to the possession of such a faith in Jesus Christ as is connected with immediate regeneration and justi fication, the numerous additions iurnish a just ground for thanksgiving and rejoicing in what the Lord has graciously accomplished. In an especial degree has the Divine Grace which saves the soul been bestowed 011 the smaller Churches. In some instances the number of members has been doubled. " It is noticeable that these blessings have been vouchsafed where, from a human point of view, there appeared to be special obstacles in the way. All our Churches have keen blessed; but the greatest proportionate blessing has not been where the more efficient human organizations exist, but in p'r.cts where the ministration of the Word is sustained with difficulty. -Some among us may still need the lesson deducible herefrom re-im pressed on our hearts that our trust must be in the Lord our God. "As co-workers with God, this success is largely attributable to the earnest labours of some brethren who have visited the people in their homes while holding frequent meetings during the week in the evenings. God lias shown His approval of these special services by the many conversions which occurred iu connection with them. It would be well if all the Churches were thus to fall in with God's method of working with and blessing souls. Wherever during the year there has been much blessing there has also been much close personal dealing with souls by means of individual conver sations. The private appeal has followed the public preaclnug of the truth. "The history of the year shows us that if the pecuniary means could be found the Association would act wisely in sustaining several evangelists, whose mission should be to visit the several placea uusupplied with ministers, and occasionally remain ing at one place a month or two, visiting during the time from house to house. One brother has been so engaged during the last six months, and to the full satisfaction of the Committee. "There has been scarcely any increase in the number of places taken up by the Association during the year. One reason of this is that our available labourers are few. The Committee have not felt justified iu incurring auy heavy pecuniary responsibilities in sending to .England for fresh ministers. At present Kapunda, Gander, Magill, and Aldinga are in need of settled ministers. Steps have been taken to secure some ministerial help from the other colonies, but without success except in one iastance. We are thankful to. be able to report that through the very generous liberality of au esteemed friend ci the Saviour's cause, the Khpunda Church has been relieved of the greater portion of a very heavy debt. But for this timely and valuable assis tance it must have been to some a cause of grave anxiety how to meet the obligations entered into in more prosperous times. It is gratifying also to , mention the erection during the year of a good and 1 substantial chapel at Morpbett Vale. A new chapel lias been erected at Mount Gambier, and was opened for worship on last Sunday. "A Church has been established at Norwood, as reported at the half-yearly meeting, and another Church has been formed at Stockport, with a goodly number of members, and it is hoped that new chapels will be erected there and in the neighbour hood during the year. The public services of wor ship have been discontinued at the chapel between Mount Pleasant and Tungkillo, owing to its disad vantageous situation. The chapel at Port Lincoln has not been reopened. •"the studies of Mr. John N. Birks have been carried on throughout the year. At the termina tion of Mr. Birks' course of study it is intended that he should undergo a close examination. " The year past has been marked by the origina tion and sustentation of the monthly magazine Truth and Progress. At the last annual meeting the proposal was first broached as to our establish ing a seiial, to be a means for disseminating infor mation, and for the quickening of religious thought anil life among the Churches. In January the fiist number was issued. The Committee of the Asso ciation are not held responsible either for the views expiessed, or for the pecuniary liabilities incurred. One thousand copies have been printed per month. Owing to the appearance in another magazine of articles on the question of baptism, the pages of Truth and Progress have been more largely occupied with controvetsy than would be held desirable in the future. There is a willingness to discusB other questions of a practical and important character, hut the discussion must be resuictedto narrow limits, and a finis placed at the point of usefulness. The success attained, judged by the conies taken, is encouraging: but it is hoped that all the Churches will readily and largely give it support in the future. " At the last annual meeting 100 copies of 'Scripture Immersion' were ready for disposal. Some few months ago the Committee engaged to take the stock in iiand, whi -ii was—500 in sheets, 4(10 in still" covers, and 170 clotli. Thus during the year, in various ways, 1,070 have been distributed in this and in the other colonies. An extra thousand copies of the first two articles on Bap tism in Truth and Progress were in a separate form put into circulation. "As to the publications of a denominational character, we are sorry to report that the stock in hand last year has experienced scarcely any per ceptible diminution. Of Spurgeon's sermonss on the baptismal question tbere are m stock over 500, and about 300 of W. Landell's sermons on the same subject. We should be glad to see these pur chased and distributed. "At the liaif-yearly meeting hell on the 10th March, at Salt Creek, a resolution was passed that the Committee should prepare a draft of constitu tion for a Building Fund to be laid before this annual meeting. But little progress has been made in this matter. A letter, asking for information and suggestions, was sent to the Secretary of the English Baptist Building Fund. His reply has but recently come to hand. The letter, together with reports and forms transmitted, will require mature consideration to be given to them. Meantime the great need for a Building Fund of considerable resources is forcing itself upon us with increased urgency. A very few subscriptions have been sent in with a view of forming a nucleus, including a collection from the Mount Gambier Church. We lamlibe hope that speedily friends will come to amliberally in making the Fund available forhelpingChurches in the erection of places of worship. " The Committee in reviewing the year feel that we have good reason to thank God and take courage. We believe that the real glad tidings of the Gospel have been earnestly proclaimed in the Churches. We rejoice in the assurance that the Holy Spirit has been at work in contacting men of unbelief, and we trust that as our comforter He lias been with the Churches. May the coming year be one in which we may see yet greater things in the way of true success." The Kev. T. C. Baker (Salt Creek), and Bev. J. L. Parsons (Angaston), seconded the adoption and printing of the report. Carried unanimously. The Kditors of the Magazine Truth ana Progress (Kevs. S. Mead and J. Price) traced the h'story, and stated the present position of the enominational organ. A discussion ensued, during which suggestions were thrown out, and Opinions expressed on the various subjects, by the Eevs. Parsons, Ashton, Oavies, and McUormac; and Messrs. Shaw. James Gumming, D. Fowler, James Smith, Pledge, \V. K. Thomas, Games, Darling, and Summers. It was- resolved that the Editors be thanked for tlicir labours, and that the Magazine be commended to the Churches with a View to increased support. Great praise was awarded to those who undertook the pecuniary responsibility, and insisted upon retaining it. and the speakers, while suggesting additions of various kinds which it was promised should be attended to. congratulated the Editors upon success at tained and the value of the organ. The meeting then adjourned. In the evening a large number assembled for prayer in the chapel, when the Kev. J. L. Parsons presided, and at the close of a solemn and im pressive service the Lord's Supper was ad ministered. j 