A PRINCE'S HOLIDAY. (FROM ' ALL THE YEAE BOUND.') I. A STEEPLECHASE. Having seen the gayest of processions flash by, and having roared ourselves hoarse in shouting at — that is welcoming — the interesting young pair who have come to see a certain green island, we go to rest, and are up in time to rush down to the steeplechase — Irish Derby — twenty miles away. This is a very happy shape of entertainment to welcome noble euests to the land of Charles O'Malley and of the great strong horses which cross country and' take fire-barred gates, aid 'top' walls with ease and enjoyment. Others have the conventional ' laying the first stone,' and Stubbly Volunteer's review, with the Stubbly ball in the evening ; we offer the wares in which we- are strongest, and in which we have some little credit We are, besides, to have a week of galas, special of their kind, and an Installation, that is to be as sumptuously theatrical, in its way, as a little coronation. Such j is the fancy of our nation. We like any Verging on dresses and decorations — we would not part with our court for the world. . , To get down to -the steeplechase — Punchestown ! a name inviting to both' rider and horses — is a muter of almost appalling difficulty. To firfl a large rail way terminus wholly given/ up to a crush ing, shouting mob, franticdly fighting for tickets; and taking them lup in the air, clutching a partition which las been scaled ; with ladies Bcreaming arn fainting, and, betting roughs fighting, iBeems scarcely promising of entertainment. But the rash for trains is yet worse; /and it is not a little dispiriting, though lamusmg enough for the non-combatant, to see train after train pass away slowly, ejery compartment packed closely, with peopfe standing, sitting and lying on each othlr ; luggage-vans, horse-boxes, all packed in the same herring fashion, so much so thlt the lid of the cask cannot be made to Jhut them in tight — and they go off witk doors flapping. Some one at last turning frantic at being left behind seven or eight times, and think ing it highly probable th t he will be thus abandoned Seven or ei ht times more, cumos to we root, an lample speedily followed, and thus by so lappy a device a double freight is secured As this heavy load trails away out of th ? station, it seems transformed into a mass f grinning, chat tering faces, actually enjoying their cribbed and cabined situation, uid shrieking and hooping with delight /Perhaps the sense of their own private disdomfort, which will presently be horrible, is ' overborne by the delight of contemplating' the lines of rueful faces left on the desert island, gazing with a miserable despondency, while the others glide away triumphant Those hanging on behind, standing on the buffers, shout and yell with delight, while a few, grown frantic at the spectacle, take a leap, harlequin-like, and shoot bodily through the open window, and arrive headforemost in the packed mass within, who, willing to cast them out, are yet afraid to do so from the danger. Separate engines are out on their own re sponsibility ; some crowded with smiling ladies, all tulle and boumous, in the hope of 'picking up a train' somewhere along the line, while a gallant mUUaire or two, in all the glory of veils and speckless dust coats, is actually lying on the great pile of nnala liaftTuu? in film tanAer Tn fant- tlia whole line near the station is given up to the populace, who swarm and surge, and go off in great masses to meet and carry by escalade the returning empty trains, which thus always arrive laden, and with swarms of human ants clinging to the steps and windows. At last all the world has got down. Here is the course, said to be the prettiest one of the break-neck order in the kingdom ; for nature and art have happily combined to furnish it with all the known choice morsels of danger, en masse as it were, and which, to other places, are distributed. with but a niggard hand. The day is of the loveliest — a true ' ladies' day'— the country a charming comer. There is plenty of local colour. It is in a green and rich country, undulating, rising here into hills, falling there, pretty to look at^ as a mere view, with a pleasant range of grey hills in the distance. The day is an Italian day, the air balmy and delicious. Who does not recal the glitter of a course, the ' mother-of-pearl' sparkle from bright bon nets and brighter faces, and gayer dresses, that seem to shine and glisten like feld spar under a strong sun : the dark irregular fringe made up of carriages, which meau srs and straggles afar off, and marks the line of the course — with the ' drags,' tem porary temples of opulence, locomotive stands, in their way, and whose real function now seems to be established. They are luxurious race club-houses and buffets, stored with all the good things of earth and air. But we have besides local colouring in the cars of the country, which swarm, drawn by ever}' known pattern of horse, and which can insinuate themselves in all sorts of clefts and passages between the greater monsters. At such a scene and on such an occasion, the spirit of gaiety and enjoyment seems to be enlarged, under the best conditions, and with her rosy pinions flutters all day long to and fro. Now it is full time, rather, a good bit after time ; but we are none of your stop watch philosophers today. At the little modest station, some four miles away, have been waiting royal and vice-regal carriages — the scarlet outriders so familiar to Ascot, and the gentlemen of the hunt in their cheerful scarlet, and the green-coated police. At last there is a cloud of dust, and a roar — a surging of the multitude, and an avenue opens. First the mounted police, clatter ing aud jingling, native soldiery of the place, the green hussars of the country. Then the scarlet stewards of the hunt ; then the vice-king of the country ; popular and admired for his magnificence, and style, and sporting taste ; for his banquets and balls, and perhaps for his own good loobB, and perhaps, again, for those fine black horses which draw his carriages and carry his outsiders. Then noblemen and gen tlemen, aides-de-camp riding, and a master of the horse ; then scarlet liveries and royal outriders, and then the pleasant young pair, seen for the first time by thousands of the honest Irish peasants. Then rise the shouts and the waiving of hats; then, too, it is seen that the fair and delicate princess' dress is of pale green, and that completes ; the victory. On t jy go amid a swelling ! nhnrilR. fratllpriticr aa it rieaa nnA votilnlil ? -— — j o— -—'--'o 'w »«i **wwj, nuu niMvu utterly drowns a low hiss or two, which a few ill-looking but baffled Fenians try to make heard. There are are criticisms. ' Nice-lookin' craythur I' and ' 0, Biddy,, did you see tlie gown on her?' Then do prince and princess appear on the grand stand, amid its glass and scarlet, and' which is, indeed, more like an opera-box than a stand. They become introduced,! ae it were, to the world en masse, and the. ail is again rent Then the racing begins. Competent1 judges have pronounced it a very pretty' course, with 'double ditch,' and stone walla, and natural fences, and banks, and' every obsitable that could be desired., English bookmakers complain that there is' no money to be got; but the truth is the' horses are mostly 'dark,' ridden by their owners, or gentlemen friends, and their! merits are only known to a select few.: Certainly the few seconds of a race, the) flashing by to hollow pounding, the glitter-' of the specks in the 'distance— now seen; behind the trees, now lost to' vipw nnm reappearing over the line ' of the hedge, now drawing nearer to us, nearer and yetl nearer — all to a, roar of voices, gradually; inctawiug :#e,J)|ey draw neiiy' and come; sweeping past the stand in a rush, with' the crowd closing in behind— this spectacle! has, for its length; more excitement crowded1 into it than any other, the course, we note,! is kept in a pleasant, degage1, loungkg fashion ; ' and 1 observe that people ' are so eager to see the 'big Lep' over the stoutf wall, that they scramble eargerly up on it1 When they see the horses charging at it 'full tilt,' the parti-coloured arms of the jockeys, well squared and sawing at their horses in the usual characteristic manner, a panic seems to seize them, and they turn round in a wild manner to see bow they are to get down. Paddy in the frieze coat, has been left in charge of the ' Lep,' with' a light stick, and growafrantic 'Get down; every mothers' son av yes ! D'ye see the harses comin' ! Ah, you Bundhoon, you !' This was addressed to one of his own rank; who, indignant at the insult, turns round under the wall to resent it, but hears the coming thunder on the other side, and darts back, only in time. The ardent amateurs are flying in all directions ; but one un happy womaniscaughtandriddenover. One skilful artist here shows his jockeyship ; fnr hiR finroA fcrinn n-. thin inmn Kuf. ro_ covers, nearly sending the rider over his head, who luckily catches his horses's neck and hangs on literally at one side. The horse rushes on, the rider tries gallantly to save himself, and, after hovering: some se conds ' between the stirrup and thegronnd' and failing in two or three attempts, at last lands gallantly in the saddle, to a cheer from the applauding crowd. By this time the race is over, carriages and drags burst open as if they were ham pers themselves, and give up meats, and; salads, and champagnes, and all the deli cacies of the earth ; and when the groat race named in honour of the royal guest of the day is over the sun has begun to decline, and it is time to depart But now every thig looks different Moistened eyes see everthing with a heated and obstreperous loyalty. So, when the procession is again formed, and the loyal lady in green passes by, the progress is indeed tumultuous and triumphant A vast number of unrecog nised aides-de-camp insist on making part of the procession, and rush by the side of the carriage, their hands on the door, waving their hats and caubeens in the face of the object of this homage, and bellowing loyal cries. The effusion is supreme — alarming almost The contrast between that fair and delicate creature thus invaded, and the flushed and delighted faces, is almost ludicrous. Bat it was meant well and heartily. Since the great day of Lon don-bridge there has been no such welcome for her as at Punchestown. With that we all begin to disperse and get home as best, or rather as worst as we can — that is, on the engine among the coals, in the horse boxes and cattle vans, and, more agreeably, on the tops of the carriages. n. THE INSTALLATION. The old cathedral, where the great dean was in office — and where the large, dark, saturnine face had often been seen in the choir reading the offices, while that tre mendous soul within was preying on itself, wasting with rage and disappointment at exile and neglect — was for long, a totter ing decrepit pile, broken down, awry, and propped up with crutches. Lately came a large-hearted and generous man, with a stout cheque- book, the best medicine of the day, which brings health, strength and beauty, and gave back to the decaying veteran new limbs, new bones, and new skin, nnd new blood. It now almost challenges notice from a jaunty and spick and fpanair. Heere are the stalls of the knights of St. Patrick — the swords and banners and relics of the gold preunion days, when there was a great deal of plea sant theatrical spirit abroad, and a taste for glitter, and for shows aud processions. Here is a strange old quarter, a very rookery, a uest of narrow old streets, of squalid lanes, of ruined houses, and mean alleys which in those days were once ' fa shionable' aud select, and like reduced gentlemen, have sunk into degradation and necessities lower than any which would have befallen the regular poor. To this quarter it has been decided to bring our prince in a procession, the like of which has not been known within the memory of man, and to make an Irish knight of him with a pomp and splendour that shall long be talked of. Again the day is bright, the sun shining, and that pleasant feeling is abroad over every one, the result of fine weather and good spirits combined with a show. For months preparations have been going on — and now at last all is ready. The city has very much the air of a foreign town. There are ambitious build ings in the Greek manner, and little breaks and vistas, irregular and' highly picturesque. The grim manufacturing element is far away. On this festival all the streets are lined with soldiery, and from the gate of the rather gloomy castle, down the steep hill which leads from it, on by the old Parliament House, by the College, the squares, the huge St Stephen's green, ap pears this broad scarlet avenue, with its sparkling silver bayonet fringe.' On the' outer edge clusters the usual coarser black fringe of the commonalty. All business is stopped, all carriages save those going to the show, must retire into back. places.' There is the roar and hum of expectancy, the distant braying of military music pass ing on afar off, including the' great orches tra of the guards, whose tuneful strains' have made many a twinkling foot move to music so pleasant There are the usual' false alarms when a general or' an inferior player is taken for the principal. At last it comes, a stately procession, soldiers, car bineers, lancers, a dozen of state carriages, liveries blazing with gold and scarlet, and goes by in a roar and a shout that it passed: on, and which to the' persons thus saluted' must seem to be one prolonged cheer from the first starting point to the last. But as it begins to trail through the Squalid Ghetto — the narrow network ? of streets that lead to the cathedral— the hill and dale' slums that cluster about it, conceive the amazement of the inhabitants of this quarter at such-an august invasion ! From the' windows of the cracked and'tottering: houses, where' the view is not impeded by clothes hung out to dry, look' out unkempt heads packed cloBe; while below cluster thickly an immense throng of the unwashed commonalty. Poor souls, it ib long pince they have been so' disturbed in their half savage retreats, and, above all, so dazzled by the cluster of superior mortals who have been coming and going nil' this inohth And now the bearskins appear, and the lines of soldiery have mute their way down, lining these Seven Dials, as they might be called— a great day for Ireland, indeed! Inside the pale yellow cathedral all is ready, with all in their places, waiting — a scalet pathway from end to end, be tween two vast banks of human flowers, potted and bedded therewithout crush or confusion j gay bonnets, and laces; and dresses, and ribbons, fluttering in the sun, and dotted with scarlet— every one seated, every one waiting. The colours, the faces, theshiftingof tones, withthe palebluecolour of the Order; the thrones and canopy, the galleries where the musicians are, and the distant view through an arch; of the chap pel where the chapter is to meet, all unite to please the eye. Every one of note and every dignitary is there— English, Scotch, and native,. Here are ' the peeresses in' their own department, the wives of the knights of the Order ; judges in* scarlet and ermine, chancellors in goldandblaclc ; privy councillors with gold laid on in rich' splashes and daubs ; Soldiers' 'uniforms in profusion — all clustered according to^their degree ; strangers from all parts j Lord' Mayor of London and other : civic poten-' tates ; English bishops, English earls and! nobles ; and in a place of honour, the: ' skilful Irishman' who has seen and de scribed more gaudy shows than any one, in the world — from a coronation at Mos cow to a marriage at Windsor— and whose picturesque touch will presently draw the whole scene for the most important journal1 in Europe. At last! Now -we, so long in restraint, so patiently waiting, hear the faint sounds of martial music, far away and drawing near; with the more starring strain of lively cheering ; now we, who have a good view, glance down to the great door, where the curtains have been drawn up, and see the flitting by of many figures against the daylight. Now, at last, a strong corps of trumpeters make their instruments blare — a flourish that echoes down the nave and floats up again. Now the organ, and the drums, and trumpets, and voices break out, and one of the most picturesque proces sions conceivable begins to come up slowly; seeming to gather as it goes by, in magni ficence — beginning with humble retainers, beadles, and vergers, and sober colours, and hipfviminiy flrrojinftlltr #F#M*wwtnn ?»?»*! ».U ? Soldiers, maces, « household ' in the golden robin-redbreast coat ; the ' esquires,' great life-guardsmen and guardsmen, two to each knight, and the knights themselves— noblemen of the best blood in the land ; their sky-blue mantles sweeping behind them — their stars glittering. Then the genius of the whole — ' Ulster ' — who rules the heraldic world, unrivalled in a pageant of this sort, supported by his two assist ants. Not one so skilled in thote mys teries — so firm, yet so courteous. Then the grand master, the stately Viceroy — a true Hamilton — his train carried by Gains borough blue boys — three miniature little noblemen, in slashed satin doublets and trunks ; then the state sword, carried by a nobleman; then, the prince's cloak and sword, carried by more esquires ; then the Postulant himself, and, finally, the great ladies whom the English Earl of Shrews bury, becoming here ' Grand Seneschal of Ireland,' has marshalled. So they con | tinued to pass by for many minutes into j the chapter-room. Then, after some formalities, they emerge again ; and, to some pretty and dramatic organ music, the ceremony goes on. Every knight passes to his stall ; in front of him stands his two esquires, over his head his own banner and sword. Then the new knight is brought to the Grand Master, and kneels before him while the sword is girded on and the blue robe and collar are adjusted. Other blue mantles cluster round, and archbishops read the mystic forms. The most picturesque moment is when the esquire stands in the middle and unfurls the knight's gaudy banner, swing ing it in defiance, and the trumpets twang out a cheerful blast, and Ulster, coming to the front, proclaims the style and titles of ' the most puissant ' knight Best of heralds ! Then it begins to pass away. The tall knights and their squires, the little blue pages, supplemented by more, to bear up the new knight's train ; the dignified Grand Master ; the three brilliant ladies' in snowy white ; the pale lady in deep blue, who is most of all interested, vanish in succession. It seems like, a soft dream, and we are sorry the spell has been broken. It looks like going back to medieval time; yet there were tew there to whom it seemed such. With so much poetry going out of the world, it was pleasant' to have Buch a relic left Even- a doctrinaire would have been moved. It may have disturbed 'the grim ghost of the great dead dean.' But to the crowd, Celtic and perierridjit was deeply and poetically interesting.- : 