TOPICS OF THE DAY. His: Excellency the Acting-Governor has passed a Commission to be issued to the Hon. John H. Barrow, appointing him a mem- <*> ber of the Central Board of Education. 'We Understand the whole of €he shares in the KevadaSllvar Mining Company (Limited) have been taken ?p} and that applkabons were reorived for more than the number of shares offered to the public. Negotiations are still pending for the barter of f vtojfto capwey Ae N&tartt;&eW; ntory surcrir expedition. If |th?| BeaiwhOg loading, when once a suitable vessel is ob tained. The Judges in the Society of Arts com petition gave their awards on Monday last, and expressed themselves pleased with the progress of the Society, as shown in the number and character of the painting* and other worics of art submitted to them. We defer publishing the awards till we can give them with the 'Judges' report, which we understand will be ready shortly. We are informed that Messrs. Manders and Harvey, contractors for a portion of the Port Wakefield Baflway, have commenced an action againttha Government for upwards of £2,000, the cause of dispute being a disagree ment with the Engineer-in-Chie? as to the quality of the work, upon which it was pro posed by the Government to annul the contract, And payment was stopped. Our Port correspondent says :—" I have seen a specimen of gold quartz out of the Duke of Edinburgh Beef, Barossa, near the new rush. "Hie sample weighs eight grains, and there is over a grain of gold visible. The specimen was knocked off a boulder taken from the shaft 15 feet deep. The promoters have several tons of quartz, which they intend to have immediately crashed, and they are very mugging as to its results." On Thursday evening, December 3, a complimentary concert to Mrs. Price was given in the Tewn Hall, Norwood. There was a large attendance. The entertainment com prised sbloi, duets, and choruses, and these were all well rendered, more especially the latter. Amongst ?? the performers were Mrs. Proctor, Mrs. Price, Miss Vaughan, MadUe. Lindstrom, Messrs. Edwards, Chapman, Jagoe, and several amateurs. The entertainment, which was very successful, closed at about U o'clock. On Thursday evening, December 3, a meeting of the drapers1, grocers1, and iron mongers' assistants was held at the Norfolk Arms. There was a good attendance, and Mr. Wahn presided. The annexed resolution, moved by Mr. William Short, and seconded by Mr. Wilson, was carried:—" That this meeting considers it desirable that steps should be taken to secure the day following Christmas Day as a public holiday." Mr. Smith proposed; and Mr. Lsvell seconded— " That two drapers, two grocers, and two iron mongers be chosen to form a Committee, and obtain the signatures of the employers in favor of the movement" The following gentlemen 'were appointed as a deputation to wait on the ?different three trades, to obtain the consent of the employers:—lronmongers, Messrs. Griffiths and Harrington; grocers,' Funnel and Ander son ; drapers, Laffin and Smith. Carried. The usual vote of thanks dosed the meeting. A dangerous runaway accident occurred in Adelaide on Thursday evening, though happily unattended with any serious results. A pair' of horses, attached to one of Cobb's coaches, standing opposite the booking offices in King William-street, near the Post-Office, took fright, and not being in the charge of any driver, bolted along the street, and turned up into Bundle-street, where they rushed ahead without meeting any obstruction till opposite the Globe Inn they came into collision with a spring-cart, and a lady in that vehicle was thrown by the shock into the gutter, but fortu nately without sustaining any seriousinjury. The runaways only received a momentary check by this collision, and galloped on till they were foul of a tip-cart belonging to a vegetable gardener from East Torrens, which effectually stopped their career. A female passenger in the coach stuck bravely to the vehicle through out, and was quite unhurt at the close of the scene. It is with very sincere regret that we learn that the Rev. C. W. Evan, 8.A., pastor of the Stow Congregational Church, has been ordered by his medical adviser to relinquish for a time his ministerial work. It has j been known for a considerable period that the rev. gentleman's health has been in such a. weak state as to cause much uneasiness amongst his friends and people. We now hear that Mr. Evan has made known to his Church that his doctor has recommended cessa tion from labor for a period of 12 months, and has suggested that a voyage to England would be conducive to his restoration to physical strength. We believe correspon dence has been entered into with gentlemen in Victoria and New South Wales, with a view to the supply of Me Evan's place daring T?u enforced retirement. We are sure that this intimation will cause the greatest regret amongst all Christian denominations. The third annual festival of the Bowden Band of Hope was held on Monday, 30th November, 1868. The members met at 2 p.m. at the Bible Christian ChapeL From there they marched in procession about the neighbor hood, headed by the Bowden Drum and Fife Temperance Band At half-past 4 the mem bers of the Band of Hope were regaled with their usual treat. At half-past 5 the public tea was held, which was well attended; followed by a well-filled public meeting at half-past 7.' The chair was taken by Mr. E. Gould. An j excellent report was read by the Secretary (Mr. B. Gould), showing that there was an increase of 40 members ; that the Band of Hope had worked prosperously during the past year; and that financially it was in a good position. Addresses were delivered by the President (Bev. J. Stoyel) and Mr. J. Pickering. Tem perance recitations were given by Messrs. Ash ton, Rhodes, and B. Gould; and a dialogue by Messrs. H. Chaston and J. Gould. After Che usual votes of thanks, the meeting closed about 10 p.m. The Drum and Fife Band, which were stationed in the Chapel grounds, added to the enjoyment of the occasion. On Thursday evening the Rev. J. M. Day, of Mount Gambier, delivered a lecture in aid of the Baptist Chapel, Mount Gambier, in the Lefevre-terrace Chapel, on "The true story of certain ghosts I have seen." There was a very large attendance, and Dr. Campbell occupied the chair. The rev. lecturer handled his subject in a very homorous manner, convey- ing sound advice by a great many side-splitting allusions. The ghosts referred to were not altogether of a spiritual character, and were called " Mrs. Grundy," " To-morrow," "Long credit," "It can't be helped," "You don't know," "I don't remember," and "A short, life and a merry one." In concluding his re- marks Mr. Day said that there were three ways by which the ghosts might be exorcised, namely—"A clear conscience," "A good di- gestion," and " Faith in Christ." Mr. E. S. Wigg proposed a vote of thanks to the lecturer, stating that he was not lecturing for his own amusement, but for his church at Mount Gam- bier, and the little they had to send would show that the people there were not forgotten in Adelaide. Mr. U. V. Bagot seconded. The Rev. Mr. Day acknowledged the compliment, and proposed a vote of thanks to the Chairman, which was seconded and carried. A collection was made which amounted to £8 1s. 6d. A fatal accident occurred on Wednesday evening at Norwood, to a person named Johann Chris. Brookman. It appears he was breaking in a colt, assisted by a lad, and had fastened a rope with which it was being led, round his wrist, taking several turns of the cord. The colt commenced plung- ing, threw the rider, and dragged him till the poor fellow's head came violently in contact with a post. Shortly he was dashed against another post, and the colt running round became fastened thereto, the man still being attached to the cord. The animal then kicked furiously, striking the man in the head. During this time the neighbors and spectators had been making unavailing efforts to tender assistance, and when they at last succeeded in releasing the man he was quite dead. We un- derstand he had been frequently cautioned against the practice of fastening horses to him- self, but paid no heed to the caution. Mr. Ingleby, the Coroner, held an inquest at the Alma Inn, Norwood, on Thursday afternoon, Deceased 3, before a Jury of 13, of whom Mr. Jas. Zimri Sellar was chosen Fore- man. The body was lying at the deceased's late residence, where it was viewed by the Jury, and, after their return to the inn, the following evidence was taken :—Alfred Champion deposed to being with the deceased about 5 o'clock on the previous afternoon, and to assist- ing him in catching a colt, which having been done, the deceased put a rope round its neck to lead it to the Maid and Magpie. After proceeding as far as the Buck's Head, Stepney, the animal became restive and bolted into a yard in Os- mond- terrace, where the deceased caught it, and on taking it out of the yard it bolted a second time, but was again secured. Deceased then threw a long rope round its neck, and whilst leading the colt it attempted to bite him, when he kicked it. After going a few yards it again started off, and deceased having the rope wound several times round his wrist, he was thrown to the ground, and dragged some 200 or 300 yards along the road and then against a fence, where the colt com- menced kicking, and struck the deceased twice on the head. It then dragged him against another post, and afterwards against a brick pier, where the rope broke, and the colt, on being released, galloped off. Assistance was procured, but the deceased died before being removed. Henry Scott, medical practitioner, deposed to arriving just after the deceased had expired. There was a pool of blood under his head, and his face was very much grazed, and there were wounds in his head very deep. He died from injuries received to the temple bone just above the right ear, caused by a blow or a kick. The Jury returned a verdict of accidental death. 