THE DEAD WTrNESS cBY WILlIAM SAWYEIR. (CROH THE ENGLISH BRIOH'TON GAZETTE.) I.. Tile house occupied by Mlartin Thredder, underwtriter, was situated on the Quay, at Bristol. It was very old and exc?ptionally -loomy, through hlaving been jostled out of the way by newer and more prosperous buildings that set their backs ag?inst its windows, and monopolised nearly all the fiontago. So from the Quay it looked a mere, slice of 8 house, squeezed back, and displaying only an evil eye of a window. and door enough to beair the plate (black with ag') announcig Martin Thredder's name and cllin'. The house was, nevertheldss, iarge and roomy. It ihad been the home fior generations of Bristol merchants, in the days wshen merchants dwelt in the old city, and loved to be ever amongtthe shipping and mingling with the lifaofthe Quay.. Since thoseoi da:ys it had grown dilapidated and all the best rooms had .long since been abandoned to the spiders and the rats. Martin Thredder had lived in it twenty years, and in all that time not; a foot step had invaded the great sleeping chamber everhead, or the forlorn dining-room, and still more desolate kitchens in the rear, once sancredto Christmas mirth and hospitality now utterly desolate and forlorn. So far as Martin's needs were concened o mere corner of tlhe old place sufficdd for them. He had his little oflice, into which door with the great plate on itl opened. Behind that was the room in which ihe lived--too large, but dividedl in twvo biy a glreat screen of black leather, on which Martin kept his accounts, in cllhlk,-and .above this was his sleeping! apartment, to which access was gained by means of a ladder, away in a corner beyond tlhe screen, leoading up tlhrough a trap-door in the ceiling. 1hat arrangement of the ladder iand the trap-door was Martin's own device, adopted long ago. It seemed superfluous, because he had only to open the door of the sitting-room and there ,asa broad staircase, winding up past the door of his bed-room. Why could he not have used thlat staircase ? 'The question would have occurred to any. body. Had it been liput to the man most interested in thei matter, hlie woull pirobably 'hiave evaded it sullenly, as Wats hIis wont, when people tried io pry into his affair-s; or he might haie explained that thie ladder arrangement ivas more snug and convenient, and enabled him to keep himsslf -to himself, and lock his door on thie rest of thie great, rambling, draughty 'bid place, te bare thought of which was enouIgh to give one the horrors. That explanation would havebeen reasonable enough. Most people would have been contented with it. Aye, even most of those--and they were many-who didn't like Martin 'hredder: who regarded him with suspicion, and shook their head at the mention of his name. Out of that number, it is only fair to sa~. that the majority had no real grounds for their dislike ofthe man. He was quiet, harm less,and unpresumiag. He followed hisoccu pation honestly, and threw no impediments in the way of others doing the same. It is, of course, possible to detest your neighbour on purely fancy grounds. So when the, citizens averred that they did not hlike Martin T?'hredder one might have basedl his dislike on the gene zal principle that an underwriter haslno busi ness to have griazled black hair, a round face, darkened half over by a stiff beard, closely rasped off, anid the general aspect of a pilot So it might have been an offence against another section of the street, that the man slhould live in a house fifty sizes too big for him. Cer tainly a third and very strong ground of his unpopularity was that lle was "mysterious," whiuch meant that he did not trouble his head with the affairs of others, and took special care that they should adopt. the same rule. to wards him, by never taking a soul, into con fidence. How could such a man help being un popular ? Besides, people not only have eyes; but memories.. 'IThey not only disapproved of his life, but regarded him through the medium of certain floating rumours, vague and ill- defined; but all having the flavour of mystery about them. This was what the rumours amounted to: Years ago, when Thredder came td live in Iristol-came from Amsterdam thet general impression was,-he had a cousin, one Rallili Aloberley, who sometimes lived at the old house for a year together assisting Ma'rtin in his business, and sometimes yielded to a strong lore for the sea which was inherent in him, and took the command of a vessel, remaining absent for long periods. How it came about, or how it came to be known, no one exactly recollected I but the tradition went that the 'oie friendship between these cousins was suddenly interrupted, and, as might have been eupposed, through a'woman's agency. 'The voman,-nay, she was but a girl, a pretty rosy, petite creature, was called Janet. She vas remembeid by that name dnly. And it vas Janet's misfortune to have kindled a fierce ,laze of love in the hearts of these two men. No one, looking at Martin even in advanced ifeo, could doubt the strength off his passions mny more than the iron tempeil of his will. No doubt, therefore, in the heyday of youth, Ie loved fiercely, madly, beyond all power of restraint, spurning the curb of reason, and Certainto chafe horribly at anythinglike rivalry. On the other band, Ralph Amberley was'a landsome, well- grown, attractive fellow, with a bright eye, a merry laugh that disclosed a row of white glistening teeth, and manners :ure to render him attractive to women. TIhere s little doubt that Janet's head was turned by tlhe attention of two such men. She probably played the coquette with bota. At all events, there was a terrible quarrel between them, in the dead of one menornable night; and after hat, Amlierley. left Bristol in a ship bound for Africa, and so forced the fiir cause of the quarrel to make her choice between the lovers. She did so. She chlose thle san-c ptain, an quittrd Brlstol to follow his fortunes. That was the tradition. No.lthint more. et, stay; thier was nu3t this more,-in ail tie long intelrval since that nignt of the quarrel not a word had ever reatched tle city respecting Am!terley or Janet. Sorely a stange tlting that! So people thottglht; and thleie were not wanting those who eyed Thredder askance in conseqltence, and woulhdl haIve liked to qulestion sbout it. But, as I have said, Ite was notta man to qllestion abut Is nhisff.tirs. A single glance of his eye was generally enought for those who werit on that tacitk. II. Thus mhischlbyway of prelade. 1\. was Christmas Eve. The weather had not been cold; but it weeas plehlnat to sit by Sbright fire, such as blazed in the room behind Martin Thredder's office. lie was alone as usual: always alone. Yet he appeared contented, and stretched out tihe palns ofhis hands enjoyably towards the roa:ing blaze that lit up his face and'gave a pleasant glow to the whole room. Even as hie sat lhere, however, solacing himself with the warm:h, there was one peculiarity about th'is man.' lie was always on the watchl; Iis head turried hall over his shoulder and his face assumed a listen ing aspect perpetually. And it was clearly a habit with himn; he would listen most intently when there was no sound. The roaring of the wind in the broad: chiinney did not startle him; the noises of. the street and those indescribable sounds whlich make the horror of old buildings in thie night season, failed to attract his attention. What he heard was not audible 'to other ears; what blanched his cheek was the creation of his own fears. But at'length as he brooded and listened thiere came a sou.d whichl did strike on his terrified ears, and caused him to startto hIis feet and pace the room with a look of horror. It was indeed, a strange sound. A crash, followe i by a long low wail, as of some poor wretched in mortal agony. That was the eature of it, and tihe crash was so sharp, the wail so protracted, echoing from room to room throughout the old house, that the man miglit well quail at the thrilling strange ness of it. "That sound again l" hIis blue lips muttered, " for the third night! Oh, that I but dared !" iHe ceased, and hesitating looked round as ex pecting something to happen, some horror to stcceed the portent that had filled him with shudderinmr dread. ' But in thishe was miistaken. "If I but dared!"" he resumed, after a pause, during which his thoughts had been actively at work, " and yet wlhy not? I have the heart of a lion. Why should I fear to face.what can do me no harm ? And if J once saw it, once satisfied myself that it was there, safe as ever, I should be content. I should refer these strange sounds to some natural cause." He stopped and thought again. Then: "The fancy that I twice saw him on the qaay within this week has taken all the heart out of me. It must have bedn a mistake. After all these years Ralph Amberleymost be dead. His ship must have been lest. And if not would hlie come back to the old city and never seek me out? Never seek Ihr out? Never try to find what lhad become of her? i'11 not believe it. He's dead and gone, and it was my fear that made out a fancy tohim in some one in the crowd. .As for these sounds- " Hark! It came again. The crash, and the- moaning. Martin reeled back and dropped intb his chair. The cold dowcame out oni his brow, nand his leatures were distorted:wiitli agony. For some minutes lhe remained incapable of motion, then, springing up, he seized a lamp from the hliglh mantel-piece above his head, and proceeded, with tremulous fingers, .to gnite it. "I wiill know the worst-the very worst, he said. There was an old bureau beside the fire-place, crammed with papers, samples of shipping gear, and other rubbish, and this he now opened, and with some difficulty forced back the spring of a secret drawer. It was a large drawer of its kind, but it contained only two things, apparently of little value. 'tlhere lay in the drawer aslittle,. tuft of gold coloureld lair, and a great key, red with rust. It was fbr this latter, object that he sought; iut that did not make him indifferent to what lay beside it. lHe regrided tle lock of banii reverently, andl a tear glistened :on his cheek as he put it back and stut it lip from view. The key Martin Tlhrdder tlhuis secured was the key of the room. By means of it and having the lainpin hise hand, be let. .himself into that part of.the hiduse so long abandoned. The change from light and warmth.to the c?ldh desolation he thits encountered, chilled him to thle heart; but he did not filter. ' Thel iesoloution he had come to was not to be de felted. 'hie dust of long. years on the ground was so thick that his footsteps were noiseless. Thei ceilings and walls as he went slong were festooned with great ropes of cohiveb. The smell of the deserted chambers was the smnell of the grave-earthy and tainted. He was conscious of all this, but it did not stay his tfet. Like ghost the figure of this man hioldiig aloft the lamp, glided on snd on, throu?gh the tomb-like hobuse. Along the passages, and through tlie forlorn dining-rom, and out at the back into the servants' otfices,-that was the course he took. 'Th'liis brough him to the huge *1:itchen, witli iis rusted grate,1 and fldg- stonies green with fineus, .nnd so by degrees to a door, painted llockl , with a grating in the'upper part of it. At sigkht ot the door tthe man started. It stood .sjur, and that simple fact seemed to r L3 him of Ill courage. " I closled it--I swear I closed it" he iacullaetel, "It couldn't have stood open like this t1r twenty years! There must be some uno below." Convinced of this hle listened; but it was in vain. eT profound silence wnas only broken by time, cieaking of the old timbers, the tick ol insects, mind his own hard breathing. Trying to assure Ihimselfthat lie hld nothing to fear, he: snatched at thie door, and drew it towardis him. lit resisted; his blood ran cold lest unseei hand hell it back, but he made a second clutch st it, theu it fldw open. The simple explanation was that thie hinges ad rusted in twenty years. The door had not been closed, and in the position in which t hlind haeen left it remained. The black door opened at thlo head of a •inding flight of brick steps. These he de ended.. The gleam of the lamp then fell on :he low arches of spacious groined vaults. with which the whole house appeared under mined. The ground underfoot was sodden nd clammy, as if consisting of damp clay. Martin Thredder noticed this, because it mpeded his course, but he stopped to notice .othing else. He made his way straight into a econd and inner vault, and there proceeded it once to stand.his lamp on the ground. By its light le saw where the clay: had been roughly smoothed and beaten down by a spade-the spade itselt was there lolling in a' corner-and was; now covered with n aren.slimy overgrowth. " Not touched !" he nried out clasping his bands in an ectsacy, " thanik God, for that ! Pshaw ! I was a fool to terrify myself with the thought.that the dead.c~uld heave up tile soil thoughi it was oily a foot deep. The noises never came firom this. There must have beerisome other cause for them, He paused and reflected, still scrutinising the ground of the vault. "Only a foot deep!" he muttered, "Shall I have the nerve toseei how my work looks after all' these years tr Ten minutes would reveal all! Have I the strength ?" Without answering his own question, he made a dash at the spade, leaning there in the corner, and with clenched teeth and de termination expressed in every braced-ull muscle, thrust it into the ground. A few spadcs'-full of: soft clay were soon thrown up. It was as he Ihad said, only the work of a minute: almost before he could believe his eyes, the work was done. T'he light of the lamp revealed to him thl erlect tace of a dead girl embedded in th. lay ! Quite perfect! . 'liamehad wvrouglt no visible change is that exiluisite' form whieoh.hadlain there is the floor of the vault for twenty years. It was like amiralcld. Martin thlrbught s, and recoiling, dropped tihe implement he had used, which fell with a heavy tllhud. Then hIe dropped on his knees. " Janet, Janet, will your beauty hunt me to my doom ?" he cried out. with. passionate fervour. " 3Iust it for ever gnaw out my heart and blind my eyes ? Is it preserved from' decay only to be a witness against me ?" "Only to be a witness against me " rang out the echo of thie vault. He sprang to his feet. The scene was too horrible. Coqdrageous as he was, it overcame himl. le felt sick and faint and the vault seemed to swim round him. . In that trj'ing morient hris enars were sud denly shocked with a repetitlrn of the sound that had startled him in the rooms above, rnd had led to his coming there. The crash, fullowed by the low moaning. But this time it did not end there. Human voices, human footsteps accompanied it. People were in the old house. He could hear them runningeto and fro overhead. Thiere was confusion, consternation among tlthem, and unless his fears misled him, he heard the mention of Ir his own name. As' lby an iirstinct the truth'flashed upon im. "It was hIe," the wRetched man gasped. Lie has returned to Bristol; hlie lbaSome clue to Janet's death--le suspects me as her murderer, and lhas covertly forced his way, not unattended, into the deserted part of the old house.. T'ile sounds that have terrified me have come from his efforts to gain admission:" The surmise was a corlect one. Almosi as he ceased speaking, footsteps chittered down the stalis of the vnult, arnd lMartin Thredder stood tace to face with Ralph Amberley, over the grave of the womn they had both loved. (7o be continosed.) Mr. Micliie, who wais engaged last week in a crimiiinl ease at. Dieniliquiin, hals undertaken to deliver a lecture there bel;,rfte his return, fitr tile benefit of tile local Mechanics' IJsti ltution. The manufacture ofcloth at the works of thile Victorian Woollen Cloth Company on the Barwon is an established fact. Some fifty hands many of them women ate reglanrly employed firom six a.m. ito six p.mn. 'Two ad litional looms have bIeen set gingr. There s a large quan'ity of tweedls of various hlues ieiidy for pihicing on thle mntrket. The revenue of the Government Railways continues toimprove. For the weck ending on the 19th instant it wta.s £11,0931 as coin pared with £10,574 in the corresporling week of 1867. Theeaggrgate receipltsfi om the I'lst of:Jananry. were £1:24,810, as cilm pared with £110,870; and the weekly vawrage ans £11,846, as compared wirth I0pSO97. A Masonic hanquet was givep ooa ,o sight, at Garton's Hotal, in hl t.on"?f Mr. A. K. Smith's installation as R. MW-i anster of the St. Clare Lodge, 416 S. C. The cus. tomary loyal toasts i~ere drunk with more thIan customary honoursi, in. consequence ot the recent attack on the life of his nRoyal Highness Prince Allred. Captain Kenney's bathls at B3righton have bIeen burned to the piles. No one has been in the habltof sleeping at the, pace, and the origin oftlie conflagration cannot be ic'counf~l tir. The loss sostained is estim'ated at £600, only £200 of which is covered by insurance. lhe owner having only a short time since coused the policy to be considerably reduced in amount. Tihe Melbourne Philharmonic Society an nounces that its first concerit for the season will be given on Friday, the 10th April, when will be performed Mendelssohn's "St. Paul." SAn extremely curious case-Patterson v. Finn--came. before the Jamieson County< Court last week. It appeared that some two years ago the defendant made a bet with Mr. Perkins, of Wood's Point, as to the quality of their respective brews. 'Thle trial camne off at Patterson's Golden Age Hotel, on the 26th ofApril, 1806, and the palm lhad been awarded by some chance passer-by to the defendant. 'his, according to plaintiff's statement, set the defendant on the spree, and he was alleged tohave, said "Pat, my lhd, give the bo3s something to drink. I have licked Perkins, and I don't care a red cent. for anything." Thie plaintiff had accordingly kept open house for all hiunds, on defbndarnt's account, and in tlh one day the price of the liquor consuined had amounted to £1837, on which, amount, how ever, he gave credit for a, contra account, amounting to over £50: 'The plaintiff was nonsuited, as publituis *cannot i'recover for liquors supplied in this way. . Burglars should take.warng from the fate ot? ide of their frat~hrnity?wh liast week, while. attempting .to t?renk. ino 'a shop in Ararat, was shot dead by one, cf.the pro prietors. An inqut on the bddy resulted in a verdict of justi`fiislc homicide. 