SPORTING IN TASMANIA. THE QUORN PACK. (From the Sobart Town Mercury.) Once more, end this time with reluctant spirit, I resume my pin. 1 would it were in my power to enter eon atnofe into a plowing and fervid description of the last meet of the Quorn Pack, but, else! I fear that alike unto the days of chivalry, the glories of the 'hunting field' In this district, if not finally departed, emit but a faint and expiring glimmer, It was not always so in Campbell Town. In former days, the meets which then took place wore justly renowned for the large attendance of genuiue and plucky sportsmen, and for the ardent aest with which one and all entered into and displayed in the cultivation of what is indubitably the noblest and most daring of manly sports. I must now, however, proceed to give you an account of our spin of last Saturday. Do not suppose from the preceding remarks that it is unworthy of record, far from it; tor, though the attendance from tho causes I have adverted to, or some others, did not perhaps exceed two and twenty, the sport met with came fully up to the expectations of those present. The early forenoon, though somewhat moist, fortunatelv cleared up soon enough to enable us to reach the hunting ground selected near Quorn, There, under the directions of that priqoe of sportsmen, their master, the staunch tittle beauties com- 1 posing the Quorn Pack were caat loose and set to their ap pointed tatk. Almost on the instant a clamorous burst ef melody, which made the bills And woods rc-echo, betokened the game to be afoot, and away they dashed on the trail of & long-tailed marsupial. After a short but exceedingly rapid and exciting burst, the doomed victim sought safety in the centre of a large water tank, where, perhaps, be flattered himself security was obtained ; but, poor Joey ! be knew nothing of tbe indomitable and vindictive character of his bloodthirsty enemies ; his harbour of refuge was speedily violated. First dashed to tbe encounter a noble-looking little animal oi English birth, his colonial relatives politely yielding him tlie/Hta; but. almost incredible to relate, the son of Old Albion did not feci at home in tbe watery element, and declined coining to closer quarters with the quarry : then, as if to put to the blush the representatives of his ancestors, a young spotted Tasmanian plunged in, and swimming with all the easy vigour of a spaniel, dauntlessly seized the prey, and triumphantly bore him to the snore, where, under the combined assault of bis numerous assaihtnte, poor Joey soon gave up the ghost. Afterthe performance of tho usual ceremonies which generally take place on a pause of the sort, we proceeded further in quest of a stag. Our search was more tham sufficiently rewarded, for we put up some dozens ; of which number we hunted two or three individuals with unflinching perse verance, but without success ; a ? .result which I anticipate will generally prove' the case, as those Elcck and agile creatures are too well breathed, and too much at home on the steep and wood- embarrassed hille of Quorn, to succumb to such diminutive specimens of the canine race as those now used for the purpose of their capture. Not that I do not believe that the gallant little dogs of Quorn could give a good account of the fleetest buck did they come on him on the plains, and removed ficm the neighbourhood of his too numerous companions. 1 cannot here do justice to every act of prowess per foimcd on this day, let it suffice to say that they were worthy of the admiration and imitation of a greater con course. Many & mile did we gallop over hill and through scrub, over many a deadwood and stub as high end for more unyielding' than the most terrific-looking array of rails, — still onward cheered by that harmonious babble so i dear and so inspiring to tile sportsman. Some spills occurred 'tis true, but unhurt, and with a laughing ' all n'gbt ' each son of Nimrod, ns he shook himself together after bis contact with Mother Earth, sprang to his saddle, and resumed his scarcely retarded course. Vet, before the gloorav mantle of night rendered all things obscure, we acre destined to have for a finish a& fine a run ae is often uiine&Fcd.; The Fates ordained that we should cross the scent of a veteran brush kangaroo, who proved himself to be one of - the fleetest and most enduring of his species. A potty distance he led us, and at a pretty pace, but just as ni6 flagging energies barely sufficed to keep him clear from the eager jaws of the nearest hounds, lo ! & great hollow log presented ilscif, into which, tilth 'desperate preserva tive instinct, he forced his way. and fairly jammed himself in its interior. There he or his remains are, in my opinion, to be found now, ae all cffortB to expel him proved vain, for be bad entombed himself alive. Men, horses, and dogs now evidently had nearly enough for the day, and the first named (I can vouch for the fact) folt tolerably hungry. 80, towards our evening rendezvous at mine host Smith's, of the Caledonian, nothing loth, and well satisfied with our ptrformaneee, we sped our way, there to partake of what we well knew from past experience would prove a delightful and effective counteractive to the fatigue which pervaded our almost exhausted frames. The dinner was as ever under such auspices a complete success. The chair was occupied by Mr, 1. B. Clarke, the generous and hospitable master of the pack, and rallied round him were a select few enthusiasts, in whom tbe ancient spirit had not yet, and never will, become quite extinct. After dinner tile usual loyal toasts were announced from the chair, and duly honoured. The chairman in per foiming that pleasing duty could not help adverting to the disappointment felt by him at the paucity of attendance characterising this and other meets of late ; he lamented the fact, but he might assure those present that so long as he could get but two followers, he, at least, would never nlinquish a sport which he so dearly loved and ai'mired, — a sentiment which elicited warm and unfeigned applause. A short interval baling elapsed, the \ ice-chairman arose, and said it was his pleasing duty to propose the health of their honoured chairman. It 'does cot fall within the province of this communication to fully detail the well deserved eulogium passed by the speaker on the gentleman who was its subject. He painted a just and graphic picture of the dulncss and monotony of existence in a country district, and claimed as a public benefactor a pctleman who had both the means &na; the inclination to iulu&e; a vivifying principle into the stagnant blood of his t( ighbours, end to call from the dimmed eyes of the tram melled slave of business an occasional glance of sun shine. Otber toasts were drank, and responded to in suitable and appropriate tonne ; and after the lapse of a few hours pnt-scd in social converse and vocal contributions of excel lent quality, we adjourned for the evening, very well satisfied with the day's result and its concluding ban quet. Ton Moody. 