EMU GREEK GOLD-FIELD. from our correspondent. July 20, — Reports from Wood's Flat, nearOowra. by private letters, speak again very favourably of the alluvial workings, and .state that a number of claims had come on a lead about sixteen to eighteen feet wide, with two feet ot washdirt, and prospects of 1 dwt. and 1 dwt. to the dish. Mr Gaete, who with a partner has obtained a lease of four acres at the Junee reefs, visited Grenfelllast week, and sold a few shares of his interest in reefs here and at Junee. Qe informs me that there are three distinct reefs at Junee, and eight miles from Wallace's four men are prospeoting for alluvial diggings, with every prospect of their effort being crowned with Bucoess. There are altogether about these diggings some twenty men, and a good deal has been done already by them in spite, as 1 stated sometime ago, of tbe difficulty of getting materials, tools, or even rations in these yet wild regions. Mr nolman from hero intends to put up a machine there. Oanowindra reefs are also at tracting attention. A few lots of quartz were finished Inst week, namely, at Campbell's, of tho Welcome Njs. 3 and 1, over eighty tons brought very near 18 dwts. to the ton : and at Matbison's, 190 tons O'Brien's leased ground, 12 dwts. per ton. At the Seven-mile there is no water, and therefore I cannot speak of its results or prospects. Tbe Fourteen-mile is very nearly deserted again. The all engrossing topics of conversation are the lectures, seances, and operations of Dr. Carr, and his success you may guess when I tell you that he performed before audienoes willingly jammed and cramped up in the by no means small Princess Theatre, whioh may hold over 600 persons or more. Many persons eager and curious could not on.the seoond and third nights obtain admittance, as the building was crowded to excess. The ohair. at the seances was occupied on Monday, by Mr MoOonnoll: on Tuesday, by the Rev. Mr Valloncy ; on Wednesday, by Mr Dalton, P.M.: on Thursday, by Dr. Falder : and on Saturday, by tho Rev. Mr ValLency: and everywhere tbe conversation refers to Dr. Oarr's extraordinary performances. To mo all this appears very strange, as I can see nothing to produce such effects, inasmuch as Dr. Oarr is but a skilful operator under Dr. Stalyi's system, not taking into consideration at all the dootrines of Mesmer. I The Rroent Visit of the Governor. — A gentle man resident in Sydney, who is well acquainted with Yass, writes : — " I hope tho loyal citizens of Yass have goc over the extreme effort mndo to re ceive the Governor. I am quite proud of the decent way the thing went off, and it has even done some servioo to my poor self. I have not tho troublo latterly of stating tho direction in which Yass is. and how far from any inland centre of civilisation it is situate, as I had to do formerly. In faot. you have revealed yourself, and created as much surprise by your advnnced progress towards ' known lands ' ns the discovery of the refined Peruvians and Mexicans to the soldiers of Onrtez and Pizzaro. It was quite refreshing to road of a triumphal arch in Ynss; and though it did rain, nnd notwithstanding the numbor of bonfires set | down in the Herald's telegram wore not blnzing (I am to suppose the correspondent saw double on that occasion), still it was grand. I am glad to see thnt is able to take his place once more at publie meetings. May I soon boo an account of his taking the chair at a mooting for tho oreation of the Yass Munioipalty." Opium Smuoolino. — It is rumoured in town that in tho course of his recent journey from Melbonrne to Sydney, tho Rev. Dr. Lang discovered that a systematic plan was in operation for conveying opium from Victoria into New South Wales, the difforonce of duty charged in the former colony making it a profitable speculation for denlors who consider it a trifling mattor to defraud the Now South Wales Custom-house of its due. A Fit Subject for Tarban Greek. — Wo have received a long communication from "William Hartley Noble." whose freaks at Narrandorra and Wagga Wagga have lately been commented upon in the press. Tho perusal of the letter leaves not the Bhadow of a doubt on our mind that tho un fortunate man is a religious monomaniac, and that his proper place is in the Lunatic ABylura. Tho letter is written from Ma">ngo. and was posted at Burrowa. so that Yass m iy -hortly again bo visited by Noble. Tho letter commences : — "My dear sir, — Permit. I have soon— I have heard — yea. I have seen tho foul mis-statoments concerning my self and others of society, ns appears in the paper so accredited, the Wagga Wagga Express and yours, bearing date tho 4th July, 1868. A few words only, and then my story I'll relato, ns hap pened to mo down in tho Murrumbidgee. and whilst dwelling, living, lingering nlso and upon tho great estate. Aye. sir, listen to mo for a while and a story also I'll relate. A tale I will unfold, also, not just like the other one, nor of tho common one, nor of the adversary, nor of tho baser one. nor yet — for all — nor yet. not such a ono, nav. ns tho reverend gentlemnn's, nor the editor. It needs nonesuch to adorn nor gild; whorewithal, it is perfectly true. I sav it. You have nothing on that score to fear. Well, then, my dear Mr Editor, albeit so. It onrao into my head, when I neod not Bay. nor what I was doing : likowiso, I noed not sny whether a Gideon threshing his wheat ; or ns in one day whilst working nt my plough, in tho stilly night oft; or in my waking thoughts bright; in the morning watching, fasting, prayer, nnd so forth, and so forth. I cannot tell how— how that I, even I. William Hartlev Noble, should likewise, ns a disciple of the Lord Jbbus, preach and other wise make known fully his gospel for nnd in order to the salvation of mankind, and likewise my dear brethren. Lo, henceforth, having met nnd saw Tesus in tho way, immediately I conferred not with flesh and blood. Oh I sir, being so empowered as adisoiplo nnd faithful follower of Christ Jesus, went forth on ray way rejoicing and praising God nnd singing in the power and spirit of the Holy Ghost, also demonstrating by Bigns that followed, and the rest." There are some dozen pages of closely written notepaper, containing similar rhap- sodioal nonsense, and if the unfortunate writer vi.sits Yass we shall consider it our duty to hand his letter to the authorities with a view to his be ing sent to Tnrbnn Oreok for medionl treatmont. Tho perusal of the letter cansoarooly leave a doubt on the mind that Noble is deranged : and having had his handwriting in our possession on moro than one occasion, we have not the slightest doubt of the authenticity of the manuscript. The O'Brien Bridge Toll-Bar.— Tho follow ing letter from tho under-seoretary for Public Works, in reply to a communication from Mr J. Wood, transmitting the resolutions ngreed to at a reeent meeting of the inhabitants, was received on Wodnesdny last : — " Department of Public Works, Sydney. 20th July. 1868. — Sir. — In reference to your letter of the 9th instant, forwarding copy of resolutions passed at a public meeting held at Yass respecting, the unsuitableness of the site chosen for a toll-bar at O'Brien's Bridge, and representing the desirnbility of its removnl to a site near the Gap Inn, by whioh arrangement the traffio would cease to be diverted from the town of Ynss. and tho toll-bar evaded, as is the case at present. I am directed by tho Honourable the Secretary for Public Works to inform you thnt it has been decided to erect a check bar nt a suitable place near tho Gap Inn ns the only means of obviating tbe diffi- I cultv of tho traffio not pnssing through the town. Pnyment at one bar will dear tho other. I have tho honour to be. sir. your most obedient servant, John Rae. To James Wood, Esq.. Yass." Weblevan OnuRcn. Burrowa. — We are in formed that the tender of Mr J. Preston, of Bur rowa, has been accepted for the erection of a Wesleyan Ohuroh at Burrowa. The building is to be of brisk, and will accommodate over one hun- > dred persons. Tns Weather. — From an early hour on last : Monday morning until late on Thursday evening I rain continued to fall, with but slight intermission, i in and around Yass. On Thursday night the I weather cleared up, and yesterday was fine and i dry. There is nothing now to retard agricultural 1 operations, and on many farms during tbe oon- l tinuance of the rain the plough might have been I seen actively at work. The rain that has fallen was much required, and has proved of great bene fit both to the farmer and stookowner. We are glad to learn that it has been general through out this and neighbouring districts. Leoturb — We understand that the Rev. Dr. Steel will deliver a lecture in connection with the Mechanics' Institute, either on Tuesday or Wed nesday, the llth or 12th of August, in tho Court house. on " The writings of working men." Par ticulars will be duly advertised. The Qundaoai Mail, duo yesterday at S.15 a.m. did not rench Yass until a few minutes after ono o'clock. The delay was occasioned by tho axle of tho coach breaking at the Blaqk Springs, about Bix mileB above Jugiong. With night tra velling and the heavy and bad roads it is astonish ing that the contractor is able to keep to the time table; and it is equally surprising that accidents to the coaches are not of more frequent occurrence. Goulburn Mechanics' Institute. — The ad journed half-yearly meeting of this institution was held on Wednesday evening, the President, the Rev. W. Ross, in the ohair. There were only twenty members present. Tbe report showed a decrease of twenty-one in the number of members during the half-year. The debt on- tho building has been extinguished altogether. Tbe appoint ment by the committee of the Rev. W. Sowerby as vice president, in the room of Mr W.'E. Dignam, who had resigned through ill health, and of Mr W. H. Maybury as secretary, vice Mr O. Welby, who has left town, were confirmed. The Attack on the Duke of Edinburoh. — His Excellenoy the Governor has directed the publication oi the following dospatoh. dated 1st Slay, 1868: — "My Lord,— I have reoeived your various telegrams, informing me of the attempt which bos been made on the life of his Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh. I communicated this intelligence to tbe Queen. Although it is inevitable that her Majesty should have been greatly moved at intelligence so unexpected, tho Colonists of New South Wales may be assured that it has not impaired her appreciation of the hearty and unanimous enthusiasm which has marked the reception of his Royal Highness in Now South Wales as in all tho other British communities which be has visited. Her Majesty's Government await with much anxiety the fuller accounts which they will probably reoeive by the ordinary mail. I have. &c;„ Buckingham and Cuandos." Insolvent. — Miohael Darmody. of Duijiroon, i labourer. Ctuso of insolvency : LussuiTBy failnro of crops. &c.; Liabilities. 422. 2s. lOd. Assets 8/. Deficiency. 362. 2s. lOd. Mr Sempill, official I assignee. Thb Eastern Market SnooTiNO Case.— The i Protestant Hall Murder.— Tuesday's Melbourne i ncrald. states: — Tho charge of shooting at and wounding Mr Kinsolla at the Eastorn Market, on < tho 24th of Juno, was investigated yesterday i morning before tho citv magistrates, nnd the pri soner, named Jamos Ritsnn. was committed for trial. The demeanour of Uitgon during the honring of the case showed that ho is a hardened young sooundrel. As the witnesses were examined he smiled sevoral times, and nctualiy lnughed when constable Rivers informed tho court that prisoner said, soon after his nrrest. that ho would have shot Mr Kinsella a second time if he had an opportunity of doing so. and regretted he was prevented ns he heard persons approaching. The most extraordinary part of tho affair is the following statement, that tho prisonor made in tbe watch- house. He said : — " I committed this act of shoot ing Kinsella for the two following reasons, viz. First, beoause tho prosecutor grossly insulted m'o, as stated by constable Rivers on tho examination ; second, because I am the man who, on tho evening of the Protestant Hall outrago. fired tho fatal shot which sent the unfortunato youth — the bny Cross — to his last account, nnd wishing to expiate the snme, I resolved to commit a sncond not of tho samo nature, under cover of which I might suffer for both, the first still remaining a secret. But as the second attempt proved abortive, I felt it neces sary to expose tho whole affair, whioh I now do, and nffix my signature to the same. Signed by mo. Jambs Rithon." The Ophir Gold-Reef. — A telegram to the S. M. Herald, dated from Orange on Wednesday, states :— Ohristopherson and party brought in this morning from tho newly discovered reef at Ophir, two hundred and one ounces of gold, which they deposited with senior-sergeant RuBh. ns gold re ceiver. Tho abovo was picked out of the reef with their knives ; the quartz, which is very rioh, re mains to be crushed. Episode in the Life of a Tramp. — At tho Gandagni Police Court, on Tuesday, John Frnnklin was charged with an assault by G. R. M. Collins. The facts were that on tho previous day tho pri soner had como to Mr Oollins's station, at Kimo. nnd asked for fond and work. Ho. received tho former, and was referred to Mr Cummins, surveyor, as likely to give him employment. In the afternoon ho returned very drunk and asked for his swag, whioh he said ho left behind the bar. Mr Collins told him his was not a public-house, and prisoner then wont about two rods away, drew his knifo. cnncoaled it in his sleeve, and returned. Mr Collins observing this took up a stick and threatened to knock him down if he came near him, nnd afterwards taking him off his guard, threw him down and took the knife from him. Ho then sent one of his men to see prisoner down the road, telling him to roturn his knifo to him when ho was some distance away, but' as prisoner ngain came- back to tho station ho was given into tho custody of constable Fox. Fined 40s., or fourteen days' hard labour in Gundagai gaol. — Qundagai Times. A Strange Story. — We take the following from a late issue of tho Port Dcnison Times. It is only a recapitulation of tho painful story which wo had from the month of John Cameron himself several months ago, and which, with tho view of helping him in the search for his wife, we then published. As ho has not given up pushing inquiries in the matter, wo are glad to bo able to assipt him by again publishing his statement : — " We havo reoeived a long letter, dated Townsvillo, May 6, 1868, from one John Cameron, asking us to assist him in his search for his wife. John Cameron's narrative is of tho most romantic charaoter. Ho stated that ho married at tho manse, Ayr, Newton, the Rev. George S. Burns officiating (ho does not give the dato), ono Janet Cameron Murdooh, and lived with her long enougli for her to have ono child. Ho somo time afterwards, ' many years ago ' is the nearest cluo ho gives us, left Scotland for the gold diggings of Australia; had no luck, and did not write to his wife, hoping, as he says, to ' make his pilo. and go home and sur prise her.' Ho wns at one time in the employment of Mr R. Scott, O.C.L.. Bowen, and whilst there wrote to his wife and father, telling them to ad dress letters to the Post-office, Sydney. The wife on the receipt of John Cameron's letter does not write, but in her turn thinking to surprise her husband, sails for Australia, and arrived three years ago in Brisbane, per Castle Eden. At that tima it appeared that John Cameron was in the employment of the Australian Steam Navigation Company, on board tho James Paterson. s.s., and was actually in Brisbano when the Castle Eden onma in, but was not aware of his wifo being on board of her. Janet hearing that John was on board of the James Paterson. went to Gladstone to meet him. As tho Clarence was coming into port the Jnmes Paterson was leaving. When tho James Paterson arrived in Sydney, John, to use his own expression, hnd some words with the pro- vidore : left the ship and went to Victoria, where ho ongaged in mining in tho employment of tho Albien Gold-mining Company, Sebastopol; was injured in tho mine, and. in consequence. in hospitnl for seventeen months in Scotland, whither" ho had gone as a cripple from Ballarat. Inquiring in Sootland about his wife, he finds to his astonish ment that Janet had been in Australia two and a half years. He then, having recovered from tho injuries he hod received in tho mine, returned to Australia, and since his arrival has done every thing in his power to find her. Such is John Cameron's Btory as ho gives it to us. nnd so wo lay it before our readers, feeling certain that if any one who happens to read this abstract of his narrative knows anything of the missing Janet, he will not mind taking a little trouble to com- municate that knowledge to John, it the said Janet is married again poor John says— ' I will not molest her. but will take her by tho hand, and hope God will give me health to repair the injury I have done her.' " A Model Court House. — Our Emu Creek cor respondent has frequently referred to the unrmit- ability of tho building ueed as a court-house at Grenfeli. The matter has now been taken up by the Mining Record, in a late numbor of which ap pears the following : — It dimensions are 20 x 12 feet, tho material used in its construction being calculated co attract and generate heat enough in summer to melt its inmateB, and to freeze every thing that approaches or enters it in winter. The frnmework of the walls is rough unsquared timber fitted into rough square holes in the floor, whioh admit sharp currents of biting winds for tho gene ral benefit, during the cold winter days ; and as if thiB were not sufficient to congenl every spLrk of vitality in adjudicator and adjudged, in reporters and other unfortunates whoso presence is compul sory. in such bleak midwintry weather as we have had of late, nn opening of somo eighteen inohes is loft nearly all round the building, the windows fit badly in their frnmeB, whiob are much too largo for them, and the space between the flooring boards pots one in mind of tho floor of the Great Exhibition building of 1851, through the openings of which articles varying in size from a six pence to an umbrella easily found admission. When it rains it affords no shelter ; when it bails tho noise is deafening, and business is suspended pro. tern ; white a dust-storm of only a few minutes duration oovers everything and everybody with a thick stratum of alluvium, and gives tbe bench, bar, prisoners, and spectators a most bullock- driverlike appearance. During a heavy Bhower on Tuesdny last the rain came through the roof and sidea in such torrents tbat the bench was compelled to adjourn in order that people might put on their hats and open their umbrellas in court without being chargeable with contempt; and the continu ance of rain must have necessitated an adjourn ment of the business altogether to some other building. This model Oourt-houso has neither an office for the magistrate nor the clerk, the first boing obliged to appropriate part of his private dwelling for an office, while the O.P.S. has to mnnage as best he can in other unofficial quarters. We understand there is . a probability of the Government expending a sum of money in im proving the building shortly. The oxpendituro of 1502\. or 2002. on it must render it " tolerable but it is impossible to make it cither elegant, con venient. or in any other wny suitnblo ns n Court house for an important and rising township suob as Grenfeli. Distressino Calamity. — Tho following case ap pears in the Bathurst Times of Saturday: — About six weeks ngo. n journeyman baker, employed on tho Western Railwny works, lost himself in the htish, nnd. after travelling several dnvs without food, nnd undergoing very sovore sufferings, nt length renched a habitation, nnd was carried in a thorough =tnto of exhaustion to his friends. It appears that during his absence a girl named Shepherd hnd gone to stay with nnd consolo his wifo : but tho distress, anxiety, and angnish of the poor wnmnn unnerved the girl herself, so that, when the Inst mnn returned, the strain thnt her mind hnd endured proved too much, and she lost her renson completely. The girl has parents living in tho locality, and noting upon advico. they took her this week to tho asylum at Tarban Greek, whero tho hope wns held nut to them tbat sho might in a month or so ba restored to her senses. Rosblla Parrot. — A remarkable natural curinsitv is on view at the shop of Mr J. Gaskell, hirdstuffor and naturalist, 120. Eliznhefh-streot, Melbourne. It is a rosolla parrot, which died very recently of nld ago. nnd has been stuffed for its owner. Mr Upson, of Oastlemaine. Its peculiarity is in its beak, tho upper" portion of which has grown into a long curled horn projecting down wards. and over a foot in length. Eighteen months ago this unnatural lengthening took the form of a curve and threatened to pieree tho bird's breast, when it was cut, and then grew after tho fashion described. Tho lower portion of thn beak onoo grow in a similar way. and wns cut off to prevent its entering the bird's head, as it curved round in that diroetion. — Australasian. Deniliquin Assizes. — This court wns opened before his Honor Judgo Cheeke, on Monday last. There wns hut ono criminal case. Mr Forbos prosecuted for the Crown, nnd there was no other barrister in attendance. The court for civil oases wnH formally openod on Thursday, bai ns thero wns no enso for trial, the jurors wore dis- _ _ charged. Somo of tho jurors summoned for the common law cases nppliod to his honor to discharge them on Monday, as there wore no oaHes set down for trial, but Jndgn Oheeke objeotod, ns nt the last moment a case might ho set down, nnd thero might ho no jury to try it. When wo first hnd an Assize Court, we rushed at law as children would at a new toy: however, wo anon fouud out who in the main wero winners, and the paco was too sovore to ho kept up. Attorney and Solicitor General and Crown Prosecutors all visited us — a few rioh pigeons had to he plucked of some of their feathers. Wo hnvo no serious aversion to tho limbs of the law; their charges are, however, herd to be relished thnso poor times. — Pastoral Times. Incendiarisji and Robbery at Major's Orrbk. — On Tuesdav evening a -diabolical attempt was mado to burn tho store and promises occupied by Mr H. A. Cobb. Tho family wero at tea in the parlour adjoining the storo whon their attention was arrested by a strong smell of fire. Search was immediately mado, and it wns found that tho hack store had been sot fire to by igniting n quantity of straw within tho building, and juBt nine feet from about a half owt. of blasting and rifie powdor, whioh, had it ignited, would no doubt linvo de stroyed some, if not all. of tho family. While Mr Oobb was engnged in extinguishing the flames, an accomplice of the scoundrel who fired tho plaoe, sneaked into the store nnd abstracted the ensh-box, containing ahout seven pounds. Ho was seen to leave the store by one of the children, who was frightened nenrlv out of her wits. Thero is not the slightest dnubt"but that it wns the concerted act of some of tho Chinese scoundrels infesting the creek. The villain who fired the place jumped ovor the garden fence and through a gate, the tracks being easily seen of his ingress nnd egress. — Braidwood Dispatch. The Abo yi.e Quartz Crusher. — Tho process of quartz crushing at Duntroon has been enrried on with steadiness since the pumping gear has been put into order. Tho stone hronght from Mae's reef lias not turned out well, barely paying for carriage. But wo believe it wns only some of tho old stone formerly raised, Bnd that it is intend ed to bring away other pamples for testing before i abandoning nil faith in thn old reef. The first lot of Duntroon stone has been crushed, and was being wnshod up last Sntnrdav ; but wo have boon un- ablo to ascertain the yield. -Qucanbegan Age. Proposed Extension of the Municipal Franchise to Females.— At a meeting of the Brisbane Town Council, on Monday, Alderman Thompson moved, pursuant to notice - " Thnt this council recommend that tho senior representative nf tho city bo oonsulted with the view of intro ducing tho words 4 female or beforo tho word male,' in clnuse 12 of the Municipal Institutions Act of 1864." If the clause was thus nltored, female ratepayers would be entitled to vote at municipal elections. This wns not at all a political matter, nnd females who paid rates to the counoil should bo allowed to vote. The ladies were not, in tho first place, so easily led nwny by bribery. (Laughter.) It wub nil very well to laugh, but the "men had never done jnstioo to tho females with regard to their rights. .The motion was, ho would repeat, nothing to langh at ; it aimed to do a piees of justice to the other sex. The ladies had as much right to havo full valuo for their money as the men. but at present tlioy hnd not tho full value of the money they paid to tho Municipal Corpora tion. Alderman Beattie thought they wore rather too young a body to introduce this alteration. Tho Mayor would suggest to Alderman Thompson thnt he should adviso ail spinsters and unmarriod ladies who had proporty to get married at onoe, and thus solve the difficulty. He believed nn- raarned Indies . who possessed landed property could easily get husbands too. Alderman Thomp son might inform the counoil that many of tho ladies believed they had moro sense than the men. Alderman Murray reminded tho council that if the motion wns passed, ladies would be elected to the council. Alderman Porter: Of course tbey will, and they should be allowed one side of the chamber. Alderman Thompson i Why ' should they not bo aldermen as well as 'the men P -The institution would bo carried on equally well if thoy were, if not better. The motion, not being seconded, was declared to have lapsed. Gympib, — The following letter from a returned miner appears in the Ballarat Evening Post : — " It appears to me that there is some very great excitement going on about the above-mentioned gold-„fieId. I do not know what Bhopld warrant such a formidable exodus as the present, for I have only returned from there within the last few days. At the time I left everything in the alluvial stats of affairs was exceedingly dull ; in fact, it was im possible for hundreds to get any gold at all, let alone to make a living. Indeed, I have conversed with scores like myself, who by dint of bard work could not earn a pennyweight a week, and I can venture to affirm that the few gullies dioovered about nine montbB ago have long since been worked oat. The only thing remaining are a few quartz reefs, whioh wo term hero leaders, a lew inches in width only, from which several hundred weight of rich specimens have been picked and sent to tho mill and yielded very riohly. It is the general supposition that these veins (few in num ber) cannot hold out. To my knowledge more than one has given out already. These reefs are in the hands of but few, and are worked by those principally holding the different claimB; therefore there is no scope for employment, nnd I onn ven ture to assert thnt one 20-head ba'.tory of stampers wilt suffico for nil tho needs of Gyrapie. All the present veins working have been discovered months ago, and nothing now hnd turned up when I left (or was leaving), although hundreds of persons had been out prospecting, and mnny thousands had left the colony sick of the scene. I am positive the escorts do not show any results favourable to carry away a population whore thoy ean earn some kind of a living. I know too many who would ba overjoyed to roturn elsewhere if tbey possessed' only the means. As a general rule Queensland will not furnish employment to many, the squatters being the prinoipaf employers of labour, and in Queensland wages are even lower than any othor colony, and employment less. In my estimation the diggers are madly rushing they don't know whither, and will rue the day they ever saw Queensland. Should they intend making the voyage for the benefit of the sea air only, why then I would give them some oredit, but otherwise they will find out their mistake. If you will give publicity to the above I will feel much obliged, and I am sure in tho end my predictions will not fail." Tns Quartz Reef of the Braidwood District. Mr Maddrell has reoeivod tho returns from the Mint of the analysis which has been made upon two separate consignments of quartz which he recently forwarded to tbat establishment. One ton of the stone was from Flunky Gully, near Jembaiouro- bone, nnd the other ton from Strathallan, about a mile nnd a half out of town. The per centnge of gold to the first was G dwts., and that of the latter only a ponnywoight and a half. This, of course, is not encouraging enough to warrant tho reofs being proceeded with any further, but it must bo reraem- ' bered that this stone was taken from within three or four feet of the surface, so that it is no proper teBt of what the reefs may contnin at a greater depth, and it is genernlly oonsidered as a oharacter- istio of the best reefs that they are poor on the surface. This much has been demonstrated, how ever, that the reefs whioh are so plentiful in tho granite country on nil sides of tho town do bear gold, and, as shown in tho roturnn of the Flunky Gully reef, in anvthing but inconsider able quantities at so small a depth. Wo shall soon be plaoed in possession of the result of another crushing which is about to be obtained of a ton of stone which has been sent down to tho Mint from what is known as the Jellamntong Reef, about two mileBOut of town, on the Jembni- eombeneroad. The gold, it is snid, is plainly ob servable, through the stone whioh has boon taken from a good deal greator depth than that sent down by Mr Maddrell. This stone has been taken from tho reef at a depth of twenty feet, and as tho roof is from eight to nine feet wide, a vory small per cent- age of gold would yield remunerative results with . n crushing maohine in convenient proximity to it. We aro also awaiting with much intorest the re turns of several parcels of stone taken down to Sydney a few weeks ago from the Little River reefs by a Mr Mnnton, a gentleman who is largely interested in quartz reef enterprises in different parts of this and the adjacent colonies, and who was on a tour of inspection of tho quartz reefs of "this district. In a conversation which wo had with this gentleman whilo ho was up here, he expressed the opinion that this district has all the appearanco \- of being as rich in gold deposits in tho matrix as it it has proved in the alluvium. Mr Manton ex pressed his intention of introducing a crushing machine into the district should the stone sent down to the Mint prove to be payable. — Dispatch. A SCOUNDREL AvAILINO HlMSELF of the 1,aw. — At tho Supreme Oourt. Melbourne (matrimonial jurisdiction), on Friday, tho case Wade v. Baker was again called on. The facts of tho ease were published in our last issue, when evidence wns taken showing that in 1851 tho petitioner was marriod to Franoes Baker, who died in August, 1853\. nnd that in September, 1853. tho petitioner eloped with Susan Wade, the avowed sister of ' Frances Baker, nnd was married to her in tho enme month at Launceston. Tho two Hvod together until I860, whon a separation occurred, and the petitioner afterwards lived with another woman in Goelong. having part of tho time resid ing with him a daughter of Susan Baker, who last week, being then about fourtsen years of age, was brought up by petitioner to prove that her mother had always acknowledged that Franoes Baker was , her sister. The enso came on (says tho Melbourne Herald) on Friday morning for argument, when Mr Lawes Baid the only fnct to be established for the petitioner's case was tbat the two women were sisters. One of the objections taken for the respondent was that the husband was not a com petent witness to prove tbat tho women were sisters, and oven if he wero, that bis evidenao was inadmissnble; but ho (Mr Lawes) contended that this was a question of pedigree or relationship, and that thero was no limit to the evidence whioh could bo given in such a ease, wbicb admitted of even hearsay declarations. In rofcronco to an observation which fell from his honor in the pre vious week, that if registers of tho baptism of the women wore produced it would be moro satisfac tory. Mr Lawes cited a number of oases in whioh in England it had bean held tbat registers were only circumstantial evidence, and that it was quite sufficient if relationship wore proved by oral evidence. In regard to tho objection that the husband could not be a competent witness against the wife in this ense, the learned counsel said it was the constant practice in divorce cases for a husband to prove the facts of marriage, adultery, etc., and for tho wifo to provo respecting cruelty; and he contended thereforo that the husband here was a competent witness to make declarations regarding tho fnmily sought to be impeaohed. An objection had also been raised against tho certifi cate of the death of Frances Baker, described as the daughter of John Baker, being admitted as evidenoe ; but tho fall oourt in Eastwood t>. Bullock, reported in page 02 of Wyatt and Wolt and A'Beokett, had ruled that such certificates were admissablo if they wore copies of publio doouments which oould not be removed, and were signed by tho persons who had oharge of the originals. The certificate was signed by the regis trar of Tasmania, and was therefore admissible. The present was a case whioh might be deplored, but it was one of thoBO in whioh tho law gave a remedy, irrespective of any hardships which might be inourred; and in support of that view he quoted Ohichester v. Muir. 32, L. J. 140, and Rogers v. Hampsbaw, 33, L. J. 141. As to the mode of life which the petitioner was now follow ing, he snid the respondent might perhaps be living under preoisely the same oircumstances in whioh the man was said to be living. She had not been produced, and therefore thero was no opportunity of cross-examining her to ascertain if such were the faot. He. oontended that the evidence of the husband and daughter of Susan Wade, with that of the stepmother and Mrs Finlay. was sufficient to prove that the women were sisters. Mr G. P. Smith, for the respondent, submitted that there was no proof whatever that the two women were sisters born in wedlock, or that they were really sisters at all. Acoording to Haughtey ti. Haughtey, 1 Philiraore, it should be shown that these women were sisters ; and ho apprehended it should also be proved that they were born in wedlook, and consequently legiti mate. It was upon that point he chiefly rested his case, holding that tho opposite sido were bound to prove that Frances Baker and Susan Baker were legitimate. Frances Baker might not have been the daughter of John Baker at all; but might have boon the daughter of a man and a woman, to the latter of whom John Baker was afterwards married. That suoh could have been the oase was quite probable, there being ten years difference in the age of the two women. He also contended that the women could have been foster- sisters, or one of them might have been an adopted ohild. The evidence whioh had been given, that Susan Baker had acknowledged both to her husband and ohild that she was the sister of Franoes Baker, was, he held, inadmissible, be cause she herself oould not know the fact. There was another ground on whioh he objeoted to the petitioner's obtaining a deoree. He appre hended tbat all the principles and practices of ordinary divorce coseB applied to the present, and that the petitioner, to obtain a romedy, should have come into the oourt with olean hands; that until tho marriage was declared null, he was bound to fulfil all tho conjugal obligations imposed upon him by it. But instead of that, the faot shown was 'that he had been living in adultery with a woman for nearly two years, If he were to refer to the moral aspeot of the oase, it was as bad a oase as was ever brought into court. He further contended that hearsay evidence of rela tionship oould not bs admitted unless proof was li# given. The petitioner had in faot endeavour- ed to prove that the women were treated as sisters, 1 but had brought no positive proof that thoy were so. Ho submitted that tho attempt to prove tho relationship had entirely failed. Mr Spensley 1 followed on the same side, and after Mr LaweB had replied, his honor intimated that, he would reserve his decision. Thb Tore Well. — In South Australia a dis cussion has arisen as to the first discovery of tho now famous tube well. Mr Babbage claims the honour, and says that he first devised this plan for obtaining water in the interior during an expedition nomas the intorior on which ho was to have gone in 1858. Ho then hod tubes about two inches in diameter made to screw together, the bottom length being perforated, and having a cast-iron screw attached to its extromitv. A cross handle was mado to hold any part of the tube with a clip, so that two men could by turning it ono way screw tho tube into the ground, and. turning the other way raise it again ; and Mr Babbnge claims this as a grent improvement on its successor that was to be. tho plan of sorewing tho tube down being, in his estimation, far better than the steel point and the pilodriving apparatus. Suoh a tube well was made and proved at Adelnido, two men patting it down quickly, and without very hard work, through ten or twclvo feet of hard clay in summer. It was then taken up tho country at tho beginning of 1858. but never tried aftorwards, and finally abandoned, with the remainder of tho heavy stores and material, when Mr Babhage was recalled, and tho projected expedition given up. Such is the plain and simple history of tho first tube well of which we have any acoount; but Mr Babbnge hns since been rominded that the idea arose from an aooident. and was suggested to him by Mr Woods, as indeed ho noknowlodged in a leoture at the time, whioh is still extant in print. The accident re ferred to was this : — In putting down hollow iron screw piles for the Glonelg jetty, it was found that as soon as they pierced the limestone crust under lying the bed of sand on the benah, thoy ontered an artesian Bpring. and fresh water roBe in them, nnd flowed over. Just at the time there was much dis cussion as to the boat means of supplying the pro posed exploring party with water when crossing the dry snnds and plains of the interior, and it wns naturally thought that the idoa, adapted from tho screw pile, might be turned to good ncoount, in some localities at least. And bo it will yet, for in many plnoos the sorewing down of these tubes will be far more simplo and easier than the driving of them, and for two reasons the account of the acoident from which they originated ought to bo widoly circulated throughout Australia. Ono of those is that screw-tubo well, or indeed any other form of it. is publio proporty hero, and makers cannot bo reBtrictod by any patent- right; and tho other is that this accident, as will as many others reoorded from time to time, shows plainly in what unlikely- looking plnces strong springs of fresh wator aro often to be found. And the tubo woll, whether drivon or screwed down, is manifestly destined to be tho means of bringing many of these to light. Experiments in Boilino. — RecontlyonWargam ! station, the property of Mr William Lang, ten old 1 ewes, unpicked, were taken and boiled down for 1 tallow, yielding nn averago of 22 J lbs. : each lot has been neatly paoked in tho paunch of the animal by Mr J. Lisoombe, the manager, to sec whether that would bo a cheaper way of transmitting it to Molbourno. Reckoning the tallow at 3d. per lb. we have 5s 7£d., and with tho wool at 3s. 6d., a dear 9s., the skin probably covering the costs of reducing and of carriage. Tho tallow !b considered oxtremoly good, and may bo seen at the office of Messrs. Ryan and Hammond in this town. — Deniliquin Chronicle. Tube Wells. — We recently printed in this journal an English extrnot pointing out tho advan tages of tube wolls, whioh were ooming into pretty general uso in America, and other parts : our en terprising townsman, Mr Oox, blaoksmith, after perusing tho extrnot, set about manufacturing a tube well, for sinking nnd proouring froBh water upon the plan recently adopted in Europe, and whioh invention, through the perseverance of Mr Oox. is now introduced into this district for tho first time, and it may not be uninteresting to many of our readers to learn by what simple prooess that most indispensable element — pure water — may be obtained. The well consists of an iron tubo. tapered at one end by a steel point, above whiah are a number of perforated holes, through which the water filters. Tho tube is driven into the earth by a " monkey," or other available forcing power, to the required depth, after which a sucker and rod is introduced into the tube, nnd the well is thus established. The well put down by Mr Oox. on his own land, was driven into tho onrth twenty feet, and the discharge of sand with tho first water was a sure indication that the same would soon establish for itself a resorvoir of aqua pura, so essential in a climate like the Olarenoe. The capa bilities of the well were tested for hours, and nfforded one continuous stream of good water.— Clarence Examiner. OrniR Diooixos. — Rion Find of Gold. — Talk ing on any oooasion respecting tho above diggings, it is somewhat remarkable to observe the universal impression that prevails is that in this loonlity oxist untold and as yet undiscovered treasures. Not a doubt existB on the point. The nature of the country proclaims it. Experience has demonstrated it, and the opinion of suoh men as Olarko and Stutchbury confirms it. What is remrkable then is not so much the knowledge of the existence of the precious metal, as that the knowledge has not been acted upon, and that we have not locnted there a population of from two to throe thousand diggers on a spot but sixteen miles from Orange, all of whom would find ample employment, and we hesi tate not to say, receive ample renuraeration. Since the deoadenoe of the palmy days of old Ophir, occasional rich finds have disturbed our equilibrium, and oreated a spasmodic rush, but our statement will be endorsed wbon we Bay that neither in its haloyon days, nor up to tho present time has the country beon properly tried and tested. Tho nature of the country is peculiar, and of course a peouliar system of mining must be adopt ed. Oompanies havo been started, some being successful, others the reverse, and works of whioh the publio, without a personal visit, oould form no oonoeption have been proseouted. Yet this could not be considered an aotual test. As in every occupation, ono person must be more successful than another, so in this the most precarious of all. it oannot bo wondered that success has not attended every attempt. We have lately reoeived reports of a wonderous find in this looality, and from a porsonal inspection are enabled to place before our readers such facts we have gleaned. With the usual reticence of minerB, the quantity alreadv taken from the ground is withheld, though judging from the samples submitted to us it must have beon enormous up to this time, and the rich harvest promises to continue. Tho looality of the now reef is close to the tunnel excavated by the Bank of Englnnd Company, and in fact leads from that claim. It is in the face of a hill, and the vein is olearly discernible in the wall which has been formed. The vein from the prospectors' olaim, who have it at two points, olenrly tends upwards, but as olaims have been taken up north and south it will doubtless bo easily found before it runs out. The nature of tho ground is slatey, easily workable, with a gad. When exposed, the richness of the vein is extraordinary, pieces of small size weighing remarkably heavy. To ascertain the amount already taken out would be impossible, but we believe 30 pounds weight had beeh earthed the day preceding our visit. Ten olaims south havo been takon up, and tho whole ground north to the oroek, including leases of two and five aores eaab. Building sites, we noticed, have already been marked. From the other claims than the pro- speotors nothing has as yet been obtained, with the exception of No. 7, in whioh tho oolour was got on Wednesday evening. At the present mntters remain in this state. Doubtless, shortly an accession will be made to the numbers on the spot, tending not only to develops this new find, but to open out other looalitieB equally as rich. A com pany already on the ground propose to ereot a crushing maohine near the oreek. Provisions on ths spot are cheap and plentiful, Mr Blater (apply- ing articles at prices as low as obtainable in Orange. I With regard to other works in progress. Slater's 1 party have a tunnel into the hill near biB house j Borne 187 feet, proposing to drive 200 feet, and then prick upwards. By this means, as Binking from the top is preoluded from tho water, egress is given, and work proseouted from benoath, tho water Tun ing into a dam. the stuff being oarried away by tramway and waggon. Other works of a similar nature are in progress, wbioh wo had not time to inspect. Various parties nro scattered over the field, their continuance demonstrating that they find the occupation lucrative. Wo may mention tho looalitv of now find is but a short distance from Yorkey's Point, the scone of the first oxcitement, nnd the spot where the first gold was discovered. It is al«o only about three quarter's of a milo from Mr Sinter's. It appears that registration of clnim is permitted both at Orange nnd Bnthurst, nnd this oourse has already given rise to much dissatisfaction and inoonvonience, and cannot fail, if continued, to bo productive of a groat deal of unpleasantness. Disputes have occurred already through registra tion of tho samo claim having been made by differont parties at different plaoes, and however determined, dissatisfaction is sure to exist. — Western Examiner Orange. Antidote for Snake Bites. — Last weok. a person calling himself Albort Nioholson, visited our office, nnd showed us a small bottle of dark brown liquid, whioh he said wns a sure nntdoto for snake bites. Upon quoBtioninghim furthor, he gave tho following account of how ho discovered its— In 1868, while' on the Big River, ho noticed Bomo aborigines boiling a plant, which they nnmod " Ooomha." but which is known in Botany as polpothicum filex mass (male fern). Tho proceeding appearing strange to Nicholson, ho inquired their object in boiling it. and was informed that they wanted to poison thoir spenrs with the extract. In order to convinoe himself as to the poisonous nature of the plant he innoculated a dog with Borne of tho liquid, but it \- had uo ill effect. He then imagined that tho blacks had seen a snake using it to oure itself aftor having beon bitten by another roptile. Ho, to test its powers, as soon as he oould got a brown snako, and plaoed it in a barrel, and put a dog in with it, which it soon bit. Ho used the antidote and tho dng lived. He then allowed tho snake to bite another dog. and did not apply the extract ; the consoquenco waB that tho animal died half-an-hour after having been bitten. Sinoe thon Nioholson has, on various occasions, applied the antidote successfully in oases whore men have been bitten. The directions ho gives are, ' that one pound of tho root should be steoped for a fortnight in brandy. Tho patient should bo put to bed and covered woll with blankets, until perspiration ensues. The remody may bo used externally whon the bite is of rccont infliction ; but in very dnngorous cases it is to be used inwardly as well." The roots of tho forn from which this antidote is compounded woigh from 6 lbs. to 20 lbs. ; its seeds represent a pine apple. It is found at Obley on the Little River, at Ooonabarabran, at the Goulburn Rivor, in the Mudgee district, and in all ridgy country. The above is tho " story as it was told to us-." it is neodlcss to say that wo do not vouch for tho officacy of the antidote. It is only fair, however, ; to state Nicholson seeks no reward ; his object in 1 making the 'discovery publio being to placo within tho reach of every one tho means of curing snake bites. — Dubbo Dispatch. Prairie Grass. — A letter to tho Australasian, signed " Farmer," and datod from Boga, states : — A few years ago a gentleman in the neighbourhood sowed a few pounds of prairie grass in biB garden, on the banks of the Bega River. As the grass was cut, a flood took it down the rivor, scattored the seed in small quantities along its banks, and now for five miles along this river there is nothing but prairie gross. It is eating out everything before it. forn. sorub, tussock grass, all giving way before this fine fodder plant. If parties having land sub ject to inundation, and river ..banks, where the plough oannot be well got in, were to scatter seed of this grass, it would soon surprise them how it will spread. There are scores of aores of land on this rivor yielding the finest pasture that were worthless a few years ago, and all from about four pounds of seod. Government , Land Sales, — We oannot think mnny of our readors aro in the habit of seeing that crudito production, tho Government Oazette, the porusal of which is mainly confined to editors of newspapers, and a few Government offioials, and yot tho announcement of matters of the utmost publio importance is oonfined solely to its pages. This is particularly tho oase with respect to the announcemens of land sales, which system has not only deprived the revenue of the full value of the lands sold, but has inflicted injury on many tanants, who took up land under the Freo Selection Act, Tho public have surely a right to demand that every publioity of the various lots to be offered should be afforded. — Western Examiner. Deatii of Dr. Bland. — Dr. William Bland, one of the few remaining old colonists, passed away on Tuesday morning, at ton minutes to one o'clock. The deceased gentleman had been ailing for some time, but was not oonfined to his room moro than a week, his last visit to a patient having been mado on Tuesdny week. During his last illnesB ho was attended by Dr. a'Beckett, with whom co-operated Dr. Bennett and Dr. Bedford. It was fearod from the first day that he was oonfined to his bed tbat the physical vigour which had long sustained him would succumb, as his strength had evidently been (ailing for months prior to the final attaok. Had he lived to tho 5th of November next he would have completed bis 79th year. During his illness he was several times visited by the Venerable Archbishop Folding, with whom ho had been as sociated for many years in movements having for their objects the social, moral, and political eleva tion of the people. Dr. Bland was elected in con junction with Mr Wobtworth to the first repre sentative Parliament in Australia, namely, the Legislative Council of New South Wales. This election was very hotly contested, and the vener able gentlemen was muoh injured during a scrim mage that took place on the hustings in Macquarie- place. Under the new Constitution, two Houses were created, and Dr. Bland was nominated to a seat in the Upper IIoubb. which he retained till the unsettled state of his private affairs rendered his resignation neoessary. He. however, still continu ed to lead an aotive life, though he seldom took part in politics during the latter years of his life. Dr. Bland's name is associated with the educa tional, political, and benevolent institutions of tho oolony, and privately he was always ready to assist, both with his purse and advice, all who solicited him. We oopy from the Register for 1843, the fol lowing briof notice f Dr. Bland, published in that journal under the title of " Heads of the People." " William Bland is a native of London, and the son of a medical practitioner of lato cele brity in that city. Having undergone the necos- sary preparation, the Bubject of our notice entered the Royal Navy as a surgeon, which position ho held for some time, till sailing up the Persian Gulf, a quarrel ensued between him and the purser of the ship. The latter challenged Mr Bland — they fought, and the purser fell nt the first shot. Bland's second in this affair was Mr Randall, the first lieu tenant of the ship. They were both tried nt Cal cutta—found guilty of manslaughter; Blnnd was sentenced to transportation for seven years, and Randall for eight. In terms of this sentence, Mr Bland arrived in New South Wales in tho yoar 1814, but was shortly after emancipated, and re sumed the praotice of his profession. In 1817 he married tho daughter of a gentleman engaged in missionary labours. In November of that year, a Mr Riohard Drake, of the East India Company's service, who had touched at Sydney on his way to Bengal, made use of Mr Bland's friendship and hospitality to seduce his wife ; and with a consis tency worthy of suoh baseness, declined to notioe the messages whiah Mr Bland, in the first tran sports of his rage, sent him. On the 3rd of March following. Mr Bland brought an notion for oriminnl conversation against Drake, and obtained a verdiot — damages, 2009'. ; a large sura, but a very in adequate compensation for an injustice for which no reparation oould be made ; and to whioh it is but fair to trace subsequent irregularities, in them- sslrti indefensible, a« to their oauae. On the24tb 9eptembor, 1818. Mr Bland was brought to trial on 0 charge of libelling the Governor (Macquarie) by the composition nnd publishing of various letters and vorses, oontained in a manuscript book droppod on the Parramatta road, and thenoe brought to light. Tho information contained sovoral counts: upon two of whioh — one a copy of verses signed ' Levator,' and the other an anony mous letter signed "The Farmer' — the prisoner was convicted, and sentenced to bo imprisoned for twelve calendar months : to pay a fine of 50(.. and to give security for his good behaviour for two years after ; himsolf in 200t., nnd two sureties in 1001\. each; and to remain imprisonod till tho ful filment of tho sentonae. Wo havo not been able to ascertain what was the nature of thoso libels. If we may givo credit to the Sydney Gazette of the time, they ' were concoivod in malignity, and brought forth in tho blaokest ingratitude : ' hut as the Gazette wns then under a Government censor ship, littlo importance is to be attached to this opinion, or to the ' agitatod foelings ' of tho writer, when ho had tho misfortune to listen to their recjtal in court. At any rate Mr Bland under went tho full terra of his imprisonment in Parrn- matta gaol for tho offenoe. Sinoo that time Mr Bland had been known ohicfly as a successful medical practitioner, nnd as the corresponding roomber of tho Patriotio Association. In tho latter capacity he wrote a series of very able lettors to MrQCharles Buller, jun., M.P.. advocat ing tho concession of representative institutions to this oolony, based upon a vory extonded scheme of elective franchise. He has since, howover. thought proper to recant mnny of tho opinions put forth in these letters, at least so far as to go the full length with, his friend Mr Wentworth. in mensures at direct variance with tho principles laid down by himself in this correspondence. In Juno, 1813. ho was elected one of the members of the Legislative Oounoil for the Oity of Sydney, but has not been more than a few days present in his place, in con sequence of ill henlth. Mr Bland writes with fluonoy, and is a close reaRoner, but in his attempts, hitherto, at publio speaking ho has altogether failed. Apart from the defocts in his character, to, which wo have thought it unnecessary to do moro than slightly allude, Mr Bland onjoyB a reputation for benevolence, particularly in connection with his profession, which few men, if any in tho colony, possess in an equal degreo. Wo believe be hnB novor withhold his purse or advice, when either was wanted in aid of any philanthropic enterprise, and his private benefactions have beon equally numerous.'' — S. M. Herald. Hollo Wat's Pills. — Restoration to health. — When disordered action is first noticed an early re- Bnrtto thoso purifying pills will set all right again. Thev improve the appetite, strengthen the stomach, and overcome all its difficutios. No medicine is so well adapted for the sedentary and studious s they fortify the nerves, nnd givo universal tone to tho system. Bo tho malady what it may, Holloway's purifying pills will abate its severity and abridge its duration. Thoy extract all poisonous matters from tho blond, and expel nil gross humours from the frame. Biliousnoss, flatulency, nauBea, dis tention, nnd constipation givo way at once to these pills, which, acting through tho medium of the con stitution, exerciso a most beneficial influence over the entire body. 