CONSECRATION OF ST. ANDREW'S CATHEDRAL. From the Herald of Tuesday. Yesterday morning, in the presence of a very great concourse of persons, the Anglican Cathedral of St. Andrew, in this city, was consecrated according to the rites and cere monies of the Church of England by the Metropolitan Bishop (the Right Rev. Dr. Frederick Barker), who was assisted by the Suffragan Prelates — the Bishops of Adelaide, Melbourne, Newcastle, Brisbane, Goulburn, and Tasmania — togetner wiwi uiu x/eau ui Sydney, Canons Vidal, Stack, King, and O'Reilly, and a large body of clergymen. This fine building has, therefore, after the lapse of many tedious years, at length been opened for the performance of Divine service, in confor mity with the use of the Church of England. Having already laid before our readers some few particulars in respect of the history of this remarkable structure, and a general description of the entire edifice, we shall now, without further perface, give a brief and comprehen sive account of all the proceedings having refer ence to the consecration of this church, which took place yesterday, being St. AndrWs Day. At half-past ten o'clock .the Metropolitan and his six Suffragan Bishops began to as semble in the temporary building on the north side of the cathedral, where they were joined by about seventy clergymen. Thence the pre lates (in their episcopal habits) with their clergy (vested in hoods, stoles, and surplices) walked in procession across the enclosure on the north of tha church to the Great Western entrance, where they were met, at about five minutes to eleven o'clock, by the Very Rev. Dean Cowper, with other raombers of the Chapter of the Cathedral. There the Dean, on behalf of the Chapter, presented to the Metropolitan the formal petition for the con secretion of the Cathedral Church of St An drew, and the document was read aloud by Mr. Barker, the registrar of the diocese. The Metropolitan Bishop intimated that it was his inteution to comply with the prayer of the petition, whereupon the Dean and Chapter having joined in the procession, the Metro politan (followed by the other Bishops and clergy in attendance), proceeded up the middle aisle to the altar, repeating alternately the 24th Psalm (Domini eat terra.) The Bishops having taken their places within the Com munion Rails, the sentence of consecration was read' by the Chancellor and signed by the Metropolitan. The document was handed to the Registrar^ be registered, which being done it was returned by that officer to tho Bishop, and by him laid upon the Communion Table. Then theMetropolitan standing on the north side of the Lord's Table turned to the congregation and said : — ' Dearly beloved in the Lord — for- asmuch as devout and holy men, as well under the Law as under the Gospel, moved by the secret inspiration of the Holy Ghost, or by the express command of God, or by their own reason and sense of order and decency, have erected houses for the public worship of God, and separated them from all profane and com mon uses ; whicB godly practice hath a mani fest tendency to fill men's minds with a be coming reverence to the Divine Majesty, and to affect their hearts with devotion and humility in the service of God ; let us humbly hope that our Heavenly Father will favourably approve our present purpose of setting apart this place in solemn manner for the perform ance of the several offices of religious worship; and. let us faithfully and devoutly beg His blessing on this our undertaking.' Then fol lowed tho Lord's Prayer, in which the whole congregation (consisting of between threo and four thousand persons) joined ; and next, was said the prayer 'O, Eternal God;' after which, the Metropolitan repeated the six col lects having special reference to the future ministrations of the Church in that building, mploring Divine blessing on the same. The morning service then commenced, the Proper Psalm3 being the 84th, the 122nd, and the 132nd. The first les 3on was taken from' the eighth chap ter of the first book of Kings, from the 2*}nd to the 62nd verse. This lesson was read by the Very Rev. the Dean of Sydney. The second lesson (taken from, the fourth chapter of the Gospel of St Luke, from the 14th to. the 31st verse) was read by the Rev. Cannon Stack. Here, and in the subsequent service, the collect used was that of St Andrew's Day, with a special prayer for the occasion.' In the ante-communion service the opening prayers were read by Dr. Short, the Bishop of Adelaide. Dr. Thomas, the Bishop of Goul burn, read the Epistle, tho Gospel being read by Dr. Perry, the Bishop of Melbourne. In this service, as in the Order for Morning Prayer, there were several special prayers for the occasion; one after the Collect for the Queen, and one after the prayer for the Church Militant. The first anthem (in the Morning Prayer) was the 1st, 2nd, and 4th verses of the 84th Psalm, Quam DUecta — (Richardson). The first hymn was 'Christ is made the sure foundation' (St Werburg) ? and the second, that before the sermon, was the well-known hymn beginning with theso words, ' Jesus calls us o'er the tumult,' «fec. (Butti). In consequence of the length of the service there was no voluntary. The preces and responses were Talli's, and the Venite, that by Philip Hayes. The chants of tho Proper Psalms were by Hine, W. Hayes, and. D. Purcell. Tho Te Deum, Gregorian ; fifth tone, 2nd ending, and seventh tone, 1st ending. The Kyries in ths ante-communion service were by Narer, in F, and the chant for the Nicene Creed by John Goss. The Sen tences at the Offertory (a very large one) were read by Dr. Tuffnell, the Bishop of Brisbane ; and the Prayer for the Church Militant was said by Dr. Bromby, the Bishop of Tasmania. The Metropolitan then preached a sermon, from the words, ' Follow me, and I will make you -fishers of men.' — Matthew, 19th chap. 4th verse. After the sermon the Holy Communion was administered. ?The entire servico was of a Cathedral cha racter, the morning prayers being very ably chanted, in monotone, by the Rev. J. O. Cor lette, the Precentor.- The responses and tho Psalms were chanted by seventy-six lay cleiks, andchoir3tors. The Offertory was given to tho Building Fund. ? His Excellency the Gov ernor and Lady Belmore were present Tho appearance of the interior during the services was very striking, the thousands of worshippers, and occasional bursts of music having a most impressive effect. Mr. Monta gue Younger presided at the organ, and, it is needless to say, did full justice to the remark able powers of that instrument The chant ing was excellent ; indeed the entire service appeared to give very great satisfaction to all present, many of whom had never before seen the interior of St. Andrew's. There was a Cathedral Service in the even ing, at which the Bishop of Adelaide preached. On this occasion there was also a very krge congregation, the public (as in the morning) being admitted' by tickets, so as to ensure per fect order, and to prevent the church from be ing dangerously overcrowded. At this service the preces and responses wore by Tallis, the Psalms,* 147 and 148, Gregorian, 5th tone, thirdending ; tho 149th Psalm, also Gregorian, 8th tone, first ending ; and tho 150th Psalm, to a chant by Pelham Humphrey. The Mag nificat and Nunc Dimittis were by King in F, the creed by. John Goss; and the Anthem — ' Lord for thy tender mercies' sake,' by Fur rant The hymns were, ' The Son of God goes forth to war' (Dr. L. Mason), and ' The strain of praise' — an Introit The sermon at the morning service, this day, will bo preached by Dr. Perry, the Bishop of Melbourne. 