GREEK FOOTS. BB1TISH AND FOREIGN BIBLE SOCIETY. (From a Correspondent.) The annual meeting at Green Ponds of this Society took place on Friday last. The Societv's meetings had previously been held in the Independent Chapel. The retired and respected Pastor, the Bev. W. Waterfieli, having always engaged with the deepest interest in the Society's grand mission. It •was now deemed preferable, from the unsectarian character of this Bible Society, to occupy other and unquestionable ground. The Lecture Hall, therefore was chosr-u for the meeting. At a quarter after 7 p.m. Thomas Gorringe, Esq. occupied the chair. The Revd. Arthur Wayn was requested by the Chairman to read a portion of " the •word of God." Mr. Gorringe rising, expressed the high honor he esteemed it to take that position in the Society's meeting. He spoke with warmth of the great work which the Society had organised and prosecuted ; of its almost world-wide operations, elaborating on the unquestionable wisdom of send- , ing out " The Book" to the world, carrying exclusively what "Holy men of old" spake and wrote, as they were moved by the Holy Ghost. Mr. Water- field, the Treasurer, being requested to " present his report did so by verbal statements. Mr. Wayn spoke to the first resolution, which referred In logistic terms to the Society itself and to its great success, with which was coupled the pledge of the meeting for its co-operating support. -Mr. Wayn regretted that from the comparative isolation of his previous ministerial labors he had teen debarred till now from publicly expressing the admiration In which he held so praiseworthy a ^ Society. It had bis -warmest sympathies. He re- : grafted that so disproportionately few of his brother clergymen gave to tbi» institution their support. r He hoped that especially the youth present would *. make the Holy Scriptures their daily study. The resolution was seconded by Mr. Joseph Johnson, of Castle Hill, and then put to the meeting \- and carried. The Bevd. Mr. Dear, the Society'* agent, now , rose to present for adoption the second resolution. "This resolution referred to the selection of a committee for the ensuing year. Mr. Dear quickly •• - Tearing from his text presented to the auditorv with • uncommon and sustained elaborateness, force and • -effect, the steady and rapid advances of the Society's : \grand work. Several fields of its operations were i. consecutively brought under review — Poland, • . Bugsia, Austria, China and France—and the speaker ; enlarged on them. The detailed successes enumert. ated on these two moral battlefields were grandly . .presented by this unique representative of the *'• Society, llr. Dear has no successor. ' ' fflr."I<um»den seconded the resolution, which was also put and carried. J-> The collection was then taken up. - ;.Tfae Bevd. Mr. Kennedy submitted the last rcsov ; Intjon, which was to present a vote of thanks to the ladies who had been collecting funds. Mr. ; .^Kennedy said he should be sorry to eStice by any- ; thing he might «ay, the impressions made by the eloquent address of Mr.' Dear. He would just v: : Mmarkjthat^onlythe^aaies themselves could fully realize the anticipatory and actual unpleasantness and difficulties incidental to. a collector of money -for the Bible Society, and he wai sure the meeting would accord their hearty thanks to those ladies. "•••' The resolution was seconded by Mr. Lawrence and responded to by the general expression of the audience. After the doxology Mr. Wayn pronounced the "benediction, and the meeting dispersed. 