A REAL GHOST IN COOJIA. (From th* Xonara Mtrturv. ) Every town of any note pooieiute* something supernatural appertaining to it — nomo well known local ghost, or gome haunted dwelling; but hitherto we had classed Coomu as an ex ception in this respect. However 'circum- st-iiuces niter cases,' nnd we have it in our power to nun-ate for the especial benefit of the lovers of the supernatural, a real live ghost story — nnd u Coonia ghost, too. We have the nnscdote as it was told next morning, in forcible though flowery language, to Davy by tlw survivor of that dreadful night, Jem the carrier; the mimes are fictitious, but we have uo doubt many of our readers can vouch for this ghost stoiy : — Lust Wednesday week, Jem the carrier had business in Coonia ; so he harnessed up his team, touched up his leaders, mid away lie wtmt gaily on tho road ; after bestowing a few blessings on his off-sider and near aider, his. well-greased dray wheels rolled him speedily into Cootna, the scene of his des tination. Business engaged his attention the greater part of the day, so towards the evening he camped at the well known resort for cur riers, unfixed his horses, gave them a feed, and turned them into a paddock for the night. The billy was then unslung, and before long, bv the help of a convenient lire, it responded in very warm teims to the solicitations of Jem the carrier. He then unlocked his ' grub' chest, ttiul satisfied the craving wants of nature. Jem now thought of hU horses ; h? got a good feed of hay for them, put it in the bed ot the dray, which he civered over, shafts and all, with his tiirjiaulin Everything being all right he strolled up tho town jusb as the stars began to twinkle and dance merily overhead, and, meeting a few friends, Jem had a yarn ere lie retired to rest. It was a bright and beautiful moonlight night, though ' Jack Frost' was rather too persovor ing, when Jem tho Carrier Htm ted for his camping-ground, and ere the night was far advanced, Jem was coiled up in his blankets, enjoying sweet refreshing slumber. At tho dead hour of night, ero Cooma had put on her niautlo of white, Jem tho Carrier woke up, his thoughts tending towards his prenious ' billy,' wliich Iib was sure contained some of the bent tokny. Hark ! Some dreadful sounds in rest his attention — from all parts of hisdniy there seem to be wrestliugof eril ones, gnash ing ot teeth, while, us Jtmi says, above the din could be heard a fast and furious chorus of deathly music, 'Crunching, munching, giunch ing,' and to this strauge and woird tune Jem kept time through drimd. Ouv friend's Imir stood erect : he lost ull inclination for the soothing beverage contained in his burnt anil blackened ' billy,' nnd helplessly awaited the conflict with his ghastly enemy. With time he at last gained courage to rise, opened his trembling eyes, And made a minute but cau tious inspection of the dray, not forgetting to search the immediate vicinity of his where abouts. All seemed wrapped in sweet slum ber ; the moon was shining brightly, seeming to be thu reigning power ; nought else mot bin fearful gnzu. lie imngiued he had been th« victim of nightmare.* so ho invoked the pow ers of the soothing god of sleep, and went to bed. Again the horrible din — the gnashing and wrestling — the ' Crunching, munching, grunching' — assailed Ilia ears. Sleep he could not ; so h« lose up. He went to the tail of his dray, lifted the tnr pnulin, looked at his feed of hay, and seeing nothing there, felt convinced his camping ground was thu gastly midnight walk of thu perpetrator of somi» horrible tragedy. t Dire forebodings filled his heart. 1 lie walked about to calm down his agitated fern's, but die sharp frosty nights of Mnnam drove him very reluctantly to his humble retreat — but there .was no rest for him. The noise had increased tenfold, and our hero, in order to shut out from his gaze t'-e sight of any apparition, co vered himself from head to foot with his blan kets. Nearer and nearer came the dreaded sounds; footsteps were heard 1 but, above all, Jem couldn't stand the music. He resolved to dress himsulf, and procure, a stimulant to allay his shattered nerves. But what sees he now 1 Where he had left two propstioks under the shafts, there are now $ix I Poor Jem says he was ' nailed to the spot — I couldn't stir tor all thegold in Australia ! I thought it whs the Four-footed D ? 1 of Cooma coming to pay me a visit.' He spent a full half-hour contemplating the awful sight, and he felt con vinced lie saw the cloven foot. Ho shut his eyes in the hope thut the apparition would melt away ; but the ghost wan inexorable. The cold sweat formed in bis drops on the carrier's forehead, and ho furtively prepared to wrestle with the evil one. Oh ! didn't Jem pray for daylight : the minutes seemed to him like days. — Davy here nsked Jem if he hud had tv nobbier, and our friend said all he had was ' two nips.' ' What did you have for supper, Jem ?' ' Nothing but Halt horse, damper, and a pot of tea.' — 'Then it could not have been night-mare.' ' You'i e pok ing borak now, Duvev ; did you ever hear of a chap getting the night-mare on Halt tack and damper?' Even Davey was con vinced it was a ghost ' nil in while.' ' No,' says Jem the Currier, ' I'm darned if it was the night-WMJtre.' 1 mustered up all the courage I had remaining, and prepared to. learn my fate. I crawled up to the shaft, not withstanding that the horrible noise still con tinued, and determined to have a good look at his sutanic highness, even if I died for it Then — ' ' You needn't say any more,' inter-, posed Davey ; ' he vanished in a flame of blue tire, leaving behind a strong smell of .sulphur and brimstone.' — ' In faith, whose ghost was it, then]' enqiuvedDuvoy,all anxiety. ' Well,' replied Jem the Uarriei, ' the ghost who frightened me all night was P ? 'a cream pony ! There he was, standing between tho shafts, the tarpaulin completely covering him, with his head in the dray, quietly munching the hay I had put there to fend my horses in the morning.' When Jem made this discovery, fear gave place to rage, and, seizing the whip, he inadu some vigorous cracks ut the enemy ; but the tarpaulin saved the disturber's back, and he rushed off amidst the — not benedictions, we assure you — of a Jecided enemy to ' night marc' nnd Coonia ghosts. Tub Nkw GooDH-sriHO. — We hare ascertained the (limtnaiont of the new gooJa-ilied, referred to in our lust iasuo, to bu as follows : — The now Bhei) will be 80 feet long, by 28 wiiU, and 14 foot high to the eavea. The actual erection of the Mlied ia to commenco on Mon day next, nnd the contractors (Meisrs. Henderaon, Lain? and Wylie) are to have it finished in two month*. There will be a stage, twelve feet wide, running the whole length of the building, upon which the geods will b« ditt barged from the railway imoks, 4 !i«e ?( failf UliW t*c»U|l wi% *« «»)[», ?-;;»?» ^ ? ? - t 