fENTCLOSV'JRK ] (Immediate) Colonial Secretary's Of&te;, Sydney, 29th April, 1S6S. Sir, — The ireport of the evidence given before yon, by the ttev. M. J. Dwyer, on the 25th inatant, ooBelndes frith the following word* : — I question if I am bound by the terms of the regulations No. 4 clause 12 attached (0) requir ing officers to report any breach of the regula tions or other irregularity thst way occur. I vrill address a fomraunicatiou to you on the subject. 2\. L am directed to iuquire whether any com munication, such as Mr. Dwyer expressed his intention oi addressing to you, has been received from that gentleman. If no such communication has been received you will uncertain from Mr. Dwyer, whether he still intends to state anything further ia explanation of the course he has pur sued, and the example of insubordination which his conduct has exhibited to tbe other officers of the gaol. '3. The Colonial Secretary regrets that it is quite impossible for the Government to overlook the extraordinary view which Mr. Dwyer takes of bis duties and obligations a« chaplain, and t&jlacgsag;©, employed, by bua. ia. th» -J-se»te*«ft - dated th« - -Sifch. isstassM ; but Mr. T^kss ?? if C- dsairous oi hearing aay ©xplacatsica wbick M& ??' Dvyyez: may wish to raaka before aav sWq & ' iskta in the saatter. I hare fcbs fcoaor ia be. Sir, .' (Sigsed) Etas* Hallo&jlx.; Th«S2i«i£ St. Mary's Cathedral, May 1st, 1S6®. Sir. — Iq reply to yoer conicaunwafcioa oi tlb»: SQih ultimo, with. its. eaolcsarea of tfee, S&feib;, I : do myself the honor ia say briefiy, that oa coa- J sideration, I am satisfied of the correctness ol ? the view which J expressed relative to the. appli- ' ? cutioa of. th-s terms of she regulations, JSo. 4-. clause 12, to a. chaplain. A chaplain is not, and; nflvec coald be, aa oiScer of the gaol, in su«& ' ? sense as_ are the other oificers whose whole, day - and duties, and rssyonsibzlities, belong to $3a« ,-- mstitatioa. The tSssplaia's duties are simply;' spiiuual, aad it xs aa essential cocditioa of Bis ' ? usefulness to- the prisoners, that; ho should &«$ , . be viewed in any way, as a penal or detective agent. ' . Perhaps it would have been enough thafe I ? should say so much, but the letter of the Und«r Secretary seems to me so extraordinary in its terms, chat; before I say uiora I urns!: r«spectf ullj ? beg_io be informed what are the specific charges of insaboriina*:iyu s^id evil example wMch an* brought, 'or to be brought, against me. I have the hoaor to bo, Sir, (Signed) M. J. Dwvsk. H. MacleM, Esq., Sheriff and Acting Xnsrae tor oi Prisons. ? Sheriff's Office, Prison Branch, Sydney, 4fch May, 1SSS. Eev. Sir, — Having forwarded, for the conssi deration of the Colonial Secretary, your latter of ' the 1st instant, upon the subject of ths state- ' ment by the lace prisoner O'Farrell, I now d» ' myself the honor to iaforni you that I have ?' received direetious from the Colonial Secretary ' to notify to you your suspension from ihs offie« '?. ' of chaplain of Darliughurst Gaol, p«adinsr $hm ' decision of his Excellency the Governor sna tkv Executive Council in the matter. I enclo*® .: herewith n eopy of » letter froia the Princijwl -.; ' Under Secretary, in which are 'set forth ti* reasons for your suspension, I have the honor to be, Reverend Sir, Your obedient servant, - Sheriff and Acting inspector of Prisojafc ' The Rev. M. J. Dwyer, K. C. Chaplain \ Darlinghurst G»oL I ' ?[Enclosxtrb.] Colonial Secretary's Office, l Sydney,* 4th M'»y, 1S6S. ' Sir, — I am directed to acknowledge your letfc« '' of the 2nd instant, enclosing a latter-' dated tSia lat, from the Roman Catholic chaplaia or D«r- v. linghurst Gaol, ia which that gentleman givsa '' some explaaa'«ion of tha views ha holds of th« duties pertaiuing to his office. The Colonial Secretary infers from the substance of this com* muni cation that Mr Dwyer has no intontvoa ' of ' » making any statement) in writing as supplemented. ''* to his evidence §iven before you on bhe '25ik April, and there ia no rsasoafor further delay m stating, in precise terms, the grounds of. coat. . plaint agaiost tho reverend geutlemsn. 2\. Iu a paper signed by Mr. Dwjer and haa.daj.-' - ' to you a3 S3 his 'protest' on the occasion o£ ! your conducting an official inquiry inta tha '?''' irregularities relating to tho so-called sfcatenieat of the lat« prisoner O'Farrell, the terms, 'grow * luis- statement of facts,' 'a direct falsehood,' . ; and 'gross perversion of facts,' are applied to ? , the Proceedings of tho Government, It ia us necessary, as it would at this iimo be improper '''* to enter upon any discussion as to whether th# ' ' letter addressed to Mr. Dwyer by yourself as ' head of the gaol department, was couched in ©X- ' coptionable terms or not, as no ternis iu s\;ck a ' document woald justify the iutempcrate Isngtt- , ')? age deliberately used by him. Nor can tfii* ' luoguage be tolerated iu 'any person, clerical «v i\ » non-clerical, holding an appointment under th& *' Government, * 3\. 1 am to observe, however, that th© inquirs' ! eondnct«l by you sufficiently proves that th© %'' terms of your letter of. the 23rd April wero ' substantially accurate— m^t iu jqstitiontion el * any step takeu by the authorities, but as illag- ' tratire of the course pursued by Mr. Dwyer ia . '* the ease of tho late prisoner O'FarrolL It jg ' slw-wn by the inquiry tli.it the written stata- '* s aunt forwarded by tht- priaouor ti- the Coloui^ ,' Secretary was not aim .'ou'l not have bae» ''''} copitd after it Wiis w:U-- u, while, at, the sania ^ time, a ainulw written R^tei-.xent waa secretly in the hands of Mr. Dsvyor ; and it ia furtiug1 shewn that Mr. Dwyer \w» cognisant of all tH^ '',\ wiw done iu tho preparation »£ these difforoj»fc, ', 8t:itemonts, and that ho '-of uses to iuforni tb- i Government of what .he knows on tha subject * It cannot ba donitul that either Mr. Dwyor niai» '' ao\i conveyed, or was privy to others oonv«yin& , tho clanditetincly- propAredstiittHuout outside t5 I gaol, in direct violation of tho rtigulatiuaa. 4\. The Colonial Secretary notiomj that iu his *. letter of tho 1st instant, Mr. Dwyer deactUwf .^ his duties as 'simply spiritual,' Mr. Parken.itf '.' at a loss to understand in what way tho conduct ' hero complained of can bo considered '»piri« ? tual' or ' essential' to a chaplain's 'asefot* ness.' During his. ittandnnco upon the uuhappy | man, O'Farroll, every rnquost that Mr. Dwyoc made to tho Government waa complied with| and tho existence of a pretext for tho coiirso h» has pursued in relation to what are said. to bo the dying words of the prisoner ia irroconoileabl* ', with tho facts of tho wholo ease-. That tha pup pose should have been formod to prepare a dupli* T cato of the prisoner's statr.iijtuit, to bc- hold is secret for after use, evinces on the part, of the chaplair a hostile feeling towards tlio authorities and a disposition, as the. event pravod, to com* pel tho Government to adopt a course which in* , special manner was desired by his ecclesiastical superiors. ' ' 5\. Nor can tho circunistunoo bo overlooked IWi-tl»jto'cliMid&tine-writing-wabvoon;*«y'«d'-oui- «* the goal, and iMo the hands of u i member of JPtfliamenfcremarkable for his hostility to tne fctisiang Government. The Colonial Secretary Ittedily admits, in the . language of. Mr. tomsr, that a prison chaplain ought not to be fe penal or detective agent. Neither ought he to fed an agentor client of a parliamentary opposi tfat. It is not hi8 province to call the Govern 8&©nt to an account ; but so long as he holds his ftpttointment, he is clearly bound to support it $6 promoting the ends of law and discipline. 6\. I am to add, that it cannot for a moment fed admitted that prison regulations,, so far as &ey; apply to chaplains, are not equally binding ^potn .them as upon other officers. If any regula tion is found to interfere with the efficient dis 4kaXR6 of their saored duties, and a representa At Uonis made io that effect, it will be considered '/? With a desire i to remove the impediment. fc-In view of the circumstances stated above, $he Colonial Secretary directs you to suspend the JWerend M. J. Dwyer, from his, office of chap llSaypending the decision of his Excellency the ? . Governor and the Executive Council, on his case. 'Sfou Will supply Mr. Dwyer with a copy of this letter. —I have the honor to bo, Sh, ii'- ' (Signed) Henry HalxoranV 'j-'. '?? Saint Mary's Cathedral, :--? u- May 7th, 1868. Sir,— In reference to your letter transmitting lotne a copy of the Cdloirial Secretary's letter to JfOtt of the 4th instant by the Under Secretary, U Ifhioh it is statedy ' That the Colonial Secre tory infers from the substance of my communica tion of the 1st of May last that I had no inten sion of making any statement in writing as Supplemental to my evidence given before you,' I beg to say that I am totally at a loss.to eompre- : ke&d; the grounds upon which the. Colonial Seere laryhas arrived at such an inference. I am the JBi©r.eJat a loss in this respect when I read again tW*^erms of the letter to which the Colonial Secretary refers ; for in' that letter I stated that, *? Before I say' any more, I respectfully beg to #0 informed. what are the specific charges of in jijlwrditiation and evil, example ,to be brought fegainst me.' This statement, so far from justify - lag^ke Colonial Secretary's inference, I submit, $drniti» of only one inference ; and that inference U precisely the contrary to that which the Colo *~i- k. tiial Secretary has thought proper, to draw from . ' ?&» letter.'... - : .; ..' '. ?' At if; quite clear from my letter above men tioned that I did intend to aaswer any .charges preferred aginst me. I ? still intend to do so— I Mill intend to answer more particularly sthe ^hargea of the Colonial Secretary, contained in the letter of the Under-Secretany to you of the ; 4lh instant; but pressure of clerical duties has jMrevented since your letter was received yester «y,(i .For the next three days I shall be un ttVoiSably engaged with my duties ; but oh /,' Holiday, or Tuesday at the furthest I shall send' ? Jtta&faer;; ' . . ;'? '\ ' : ' ' ? '.' ' ' . ' -.' fp, ~y\ % have the honor to be, Sir,.' '*f.'- !./.' Your obedient servant, ?'.??? ? '1^ '?'!'?'?? ?.'.' .....'' M.#. Dwyer. J^fMaelean, Esq.. , Sheriff and Acting Inspeo - ?Itt^Priaona.::., ;. ' ]_ '' '.. . ' ,'.' ,' ' 'Vi' '' -Saint Mary's Cathedral, ,??' .'?? f^.'''.'..-.'..':'.'.' r :; ?;.,. May nth, i86a. Siii^ -^-Referring to a copy of a letter addressed ., ' . ,4o jaa by the ^pripcipal under Secretary, and of . . : Wa^i yifMi have by direction eupplied me with' j* 60£y ; and adverting to my brief communica ^0$ t-f the 7th io&tant;, I take leave now to ^OaGider the most material portions of the copy fe^ir referred to. Thfe second paragraph of thai document con iftinfl'the following passages :— ' It is unneces Stery^asit would at thiB time improper to' enter 4ipoij?ahy discussion as to whether the letter ad 4»e^3edt6 Mr. Dwyer by yourself as head of Ihe fc&ol; department, was couched in exception able terms or not, as no terms in such a docu , MenV 'jvould justify the intemperate language Adit&ately; used by him, nor can the language fee Fiblerated in any person, clerical or non ^fcriteal, holding an appointment under the Go Verfiment.' That it is unnecessary, and would lie improper to enter upon any discussion as to Ifrhdiaerthe language referred to as used by me $&n;;bs 'tolerated' is a proposition which I ftoadfty admit, for such ?' toleration' is I con ?eivej -entirely discretionary with the Govern Slaant for the time being, and may or may not be toniistent with the justice of the case. But tSiaf it 'is either Unnecessary or improper to enter ttpon'bny discussion as to. whether the letter ad ftoeis-8ji';to me, aad which elicited from me the language eomplaiued of, wae couched in. ex ceptionable terms, or not, on the ground that no forma- in such a document would justify the in temperate language deliberately used' by me— Wus'j- ;is a proposition which I take leave ' Jesrieotfully to deny. So far from this discussion feeing unnecessary, or improper, I beg to. beper JBUtted to say that I consider it to be precisely aeoessary, proper, and even fundamental, to an faopftvtial' and just understanding or,, decision of the^e'Btion at issue. So far I rbiri it . beiqg un Siec^asary or improper, the assumption, of its ? being ; uunecesgary or improper amounts to a. lor^bhe conlu'sion which would take away my grounds' of defence, and practically condemn me Witnout being heard. The assumption that it is improper to discuss the terms in which tlio letterlto me was couched is something more than begging the whole question ; it is burkiug the substantial merits ot the case. liejb me, sir, before entering upon the discus siori^pf that document;, do an act of simple justice to ^ourself, by bearing cheerful' testimony to your personal courtesy' upon, all occasions. .1 did'nbt for a moment suppose 'that '.' the excep tionable terms in which that . document was Couched' originated with you ; I snp,pbs?.d that they^ originated with the Honorable the Colonial Secretary, and they were all the niorp. grievous .as coining from so high a f uhctionary.', In this supposition I find I was quite pprrect.; for it appears by the correspondence since ''produced before the. Legislative Assembly, that, the ' ex« ceptiopablo termfj' ', in your, letter tp; me are, a, ?verbatipi copy of portion of an antecedent letter of instruction to you from the Colonial Secre Let me in the next place, in justice to myself, make the fact plain that those expressions .were manifestly applied to myself as chaplain of the, gaol. They, had relation to a document alleged to have been 'furnished clandestinely' to O'Farrell— and a document alleged- to have been '^clandestinely copied' by him— and a document which was in the nature of a dying declaration, and purposed to make atonement for a previous false statement, an atonement which would consequently be a matter in the ordinary course of things, within the privity of the, spiritual- director of the criminal who was about to die. Having respect to these and several other cir cumstances, 1 think it cannot reasonably be doubted that I, the spiritual director of the un fortunate man, was the object of that enquiry, and if the language addressed to you, in direct ing you to hold that enquiry ; the letter which by the authority of the Colonial Secretary you addressed to me meant it. It meant the prejudging of the case, that a statement had been \ aimed off as the dying declaration of O'Farrell, which statement in reality' was' not his own. This being so, the meaning was that by my privity, and by my contrivance, I was ushering into the presence of its Creator, an im mortal soul for all eternity, with the guilt on that soul of unspeakable fraud; and this with the further diabolical intention upon my part as the man's spiritual adviser, of uttering that fraud after his death. This, was the meaning which the letter conveyed, and that this was tho meaning which the Honourable the Colonial Secretary intended to convey, this ? ©ne fact bears sufficient testimony, namely, that ', writiug on the 4th instant, through his principal secretary,, he repeats those imputations by describing O'Farrell's dying declaration as the 'bo called statement of the prisoner O'Farrell.' I admit that I protested L* strong terms against such imputations. I wa8 ana;ry, and I was amazed. At evea this distance of time, I am still amazed, like one standing over an abyss, that such imputations should ever have been made. My language may or may not be deemed excusable or befitting by the Government ; but at least it was provoked. I, Sir, freely admit on my part,' the rnle of official as well as pf habitual life, which requires respectful language from subordinates to supe riors, and humbly venture to hope that my life and character will bear testimony .to the sincerity of this admission. But I submit that the rule ceases to operate when the superior so far forgets his reciprocal' obligations as to wound and injure me, as a man and a Christian clergyman, in thoae. feelings and aims which are sacred to me for time aud eternity. Therd is only one other subject importaat enough to require . particular notice. In the third paragraph of the : letter to which I am. referring, there occurs the following statement :. ' It cannot be denied that either Mr. Dwyei hiinself conveyed, or was privy to others con veying, the candestinely prepared statement outside the, gaol, in direct violation of the regur latiouB.' I believe, sir, it would have; saved some time aad some enquiry, to have questioned me directly as to the fact. ; I have never denied that O'Farrell's statement was conveyed- outside the gaol by me j 1 admit that such was the fact. The assumed mystery of the transaction ia easily dispelled. O'Farrell preferred this mode of, atonement to & verbal declaration on the scaffold ; and I, as his spiritual adviser, preferred it also, Seeming it advisable that so excitable a aature is hi» should not be disturbed, at the final mo ment of existence, by making a dying speech and declaration. It was in accordance with O'Far rell's wish, and with a wish on my part to insure the publication, of that small measure of atone ment, that a copy or duplicate of his statement; was written by him and entrusted to me. This act, the Colonial Secretary asserts; is in direct violation of the regulations. He means, I suppose, a violation of the 12th Regulation, which says : — 'It is the duty of each offi©er to report any breach of the regulations or other ir regularity that may occur ;' and of the 64th Regulation, which says — ' No prisoner in any gaol; unless confined for debt, orv for contempt under civil process, shall be permitted to receive any letter or parcel, of any description what ever, excepting through the hands of the gaoler.' I am not aware of any other regulations applicable to the case, and I submit that I have not violated either of th^ae regulations. Not the first, because I hold it to have been intended for the officials in the' gaol itself, who are entrusted with the bringing of the regulations into effect, and ; with. the supervision o£ irragularitiea. This construction is borne, out by the context which requires each officer to. make report ' through hia immediate superior.' May L be permitted to inquire' in what grada in the rank of warders I was supposed to stand, so that I should have known or discovered who my ' immediate superior', was ? I deny the applica bility of the rule ; but, at the same time, I do not pretend to deny tliat I am1 amenable ?toi the constituted authorities, if I have been a- party to the infraction of a regulation by a nrisoner. It appears to me that I have not done so. It appears to me that the 64th 'Regulation never contemplated the caae of a statement intended to take effect after a prisoner's death ; that 'sending or receiving' are. reciprocal terms, ?'each. -contemplating the continued existence and safe custody of the sender or the receiver^ and at all events the acb of milking me an; 'executor of: a sort of last will and testament, is not -either 'a sending or a receiving within the meaning of the rule. I may possibly have offended against the letter of the law. If the fact be/so, my offence amounts to an infraction', unconsciously by mo, of rules of '-'dubious construction and equally, dubious application. My offence is in an ? oilici.il signification of the term only, morally I am guilty oE' none ; 1,'havb been faithful' to the behest of a dying criminal, and at the same time, as I.humbly hop^o, ,of a dying, penitent- \\.My faithfulness in this respectj I believi&i; coincided with my duty as a' citizen. These were the 'reasons' '-'for procuring the publication of the statement; 1 did so only when the Colonial Secretary refused the publication of the duplicate statement entrusted to him for publication* His reasons for so refusing seemed, I presume, auffi ' cient to himself. . ' . . I am not sufficiently conversant either by knowledge or experience, with political subjects to enable me to determine whether 1 have subverted any fundamental ? rule or principle of responsible government in conveying for publication the statement of O'Farrell 'into the hands of a member of Parliament, remark able for his hostility to the. existing Govern ,ment.'. .^ : , ., . ... . .. ..; . ' ; '.: ; It did, not, I confess, :occHr to me that my purpose of procuring publication would be surely served, by committing the same matter into the hands of a prominent supporter of the existing Government, nor. do I even now profess to:know whether or not an official may be permitted to entertain in hia , own person, conscientiously, hostility lo 'the existing Government, or even to giye effect to such hostility, by. recording his vote as an elector against even the honourable the Colonial Secretary himself. ?,-,.'?'? I confess my inability to understand the fol lowing passage in the Colonial Secretary's letter, to which Iain referring 'That the purpose should haye been formed to prepare a duplicate of the prisoner's statement to be held in secret for after use, evinces on the part of the chaplain a hostile feeling towards the authorities and a disposition, as the event proved, to compel the Government to adopt a course which, in a special manner, was desired ;by his ecclesiastical sup eriors,' I cannot comprehend the meaning of this passage, except vaguely that the Colonial Secretary seeks in some way or other to impli cate my ecclesiastical superiors in the affairs of O'Farrell. I can only say that I am entirely unaware of any desire, apaciai or otherwise, or of any circumstance which warranted the Colonial Secretary in allowing himself to take the liberty which he does take, in the passage which I have quoted, with my ecclesiastical superiors; The' reference made by the honorable the Colonial Secretary to my ecclesiastical superiors, I con sider unjustifiable. ; Were they capable of such conduct, I should be ashamed . of living under; their authority; and near unto such a state of feeling is that of the shame whieh comes over me , when I find that the honorable the Colonial . secretary of the New Soutk Wales Government— that he should deem them capable of it. No, Sir, my ecclesias tical superiors were.no party, to such a miserable political subterfuge; anduince the honorable, tho Colenial' Secretary has opened the question, I will tell you the course I pursued^ There was one lay gentleman in this community in whom the. unhappy criminal had expressed hi3 confi dence. In the hands of that gentleman the do cument was plaeed— no direction given aa to the mode of publication or even: time, . save that as the allegations of O'Farrell might be' productive of; injary in the old country, it was deemed advisable that his statement should be made public before tho departure of the mail. In every other respect the document was placed unreservedly ia the hands of this gentleman re ferred to. '?.?:. ' ? , Perhapa I may give to tha honorable . the Colonial Secretary the key, if I may uae'the expression, to my conduct in this matter , by, stating that I consider, ' and. have considered,. 1st : The declaration on the part of O'Farrell ; 2ndly, the publication thereof ; and 3rdly, the publication at the very earliest period after his decease as essentially part of his conscientious obligations. He had been taught from early childhood that as in the case of fraud, or other pecuniary injury, restitution must be made,', or ? the sin would, not be forgiven- by God, so in the ease of injury to good name, of false allegations against individuals, separate, or aggregate, satis 'faetibti mast be made, and the good name, as far as possible, be restored. Ip this view the declara tion was made, to.be published of tier his death without unnecessary delay-. Tt was a sacramen tal act and when the obligation of making resti tution of property, or of character, as in this case, devolves on another, by reason of commis sion or of trust, any ncgleet or unnecessary i&elay; on the part of such person, would be equally criminal with similar neglect on the, part of the ' principal. It would have been criminal iti me if through any neglect on my part it diet not receive its entire completion by being com ; rau^icated to- the parties injured, without unne cessary delay. ... The letter of the, honorable tho. Colonial, Secretory further states that '.dariuij his .attest*. daDoe on tlje unhappy man . Of Famuli every request that the Rev. Mr. Dwyer '.'m?Jde to tlve GoYernment was complied ;with.'.' 1 willingly ackaowl:idgc the# eorrectnegg of this «tatemont, but I should be reticent of .'the tratb.' if 1. did not add that from the day of O'Farrell's imprison ment up to day of his bsing sentenced to death, I was, by the express order, of tlia . Colonial. Secretary, precluded from visiting him in- the, ordinary discharge of my duties as chaplain of the gaol'. Ecen themornhig after his sentence' I1' was refused permission to see 'him.- I believns a fact of this kind has occurod for the first time in this colony under the.aduiijiistration.of.the pre sent Colonial Secretary— a fact .which p.oeemcd to me to be reasonably ''attributable ^'to a distrust of me in his : 'mind, liamely/ that 'T' was : capable of becoming an ex post -facto accomplice of. the prisoner by reason of my. b'oing;a Roman Catholic priesly, . ..'_ . ,.?: .'..??,-.?. ..,. ... I have written. to. a much.gfea-ter ?. lyngtk than I intended. My aaswer may.be reduced briefly to this: The intern perate* language ' cdaiplained' ?f was i\\\Q Tcsult'of gri6v6us'[jrovocafci'6ri. \ And I submit that I'bavenot'broken ;any; of the regu-. lations of the gaol-.; ;but -t.lia.^i.ti l.have,; it has been an unconscious infracbiou. on, my, part of. rules of very'dubiotWappli'cajbibn.''' , ,?',.' , ?; I.;haif:e the honor. vto ten' Sir, your, obedi#oir[;j servant, .?. ... '-. . .: ... ,. ... .., . .-, -., ? ' . M. J. DwinsjR. ; H,-' Maclean, Esq, Sheriff, knd Actirig-Insp^C' ' m tor of Prisons. ? ?' ????? '????'??'? '.: U::-. .,:.?] ? nU sd'i Sheriffs Office, Prison Branch,; ,..; ?: r~. ; '?,,,.'/; , Sydney, '6th June, 186$.V Reverend Sir,— I do myself the honor to'fbr- '';' ward annexed, a copy of a letter from the Prih-'j' eipal Under Secretary, notifying your removal I .r from the office of Roman Catholic cbaplajn,:of,.,,r the gaol at Darlinghurst. '-?'?.. ., , ''.^ I have, the honor to be, reverend Sir,. ;yonfM;C mo8t|obedient servant, for and in the absence of -° theSheriff.: ?, .-.. ;; : i-.-.;,..^ .??.;?;. ,--, . Johk Phelan, Under Sheriff./. \ ,- ,X The Rev. M. J. Dwyer, St. Mary's Cathedrals .^ ; .'? ' ' ,' [A'jfNECTioir.] ' ' ' . ''J i::' 'i1 ! ; Colonial Secretary's -Office,- ; - Oii--' ? Sydney, 3rd June, a8(58..::ojn Sir,— With reference, to previous correspon*:; '? s de'nce,.I:am directed by the Colonial Secretary, ,;-:? to inform you, that his Excellency the Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council, haiJ''-; been pleased to direct tho removal of the ' RsV.' '? : ?'??'?; M. J. Dwyer, from the office of Roman Catholic Y/ chaplain of the gaol at Darlinghurst. ' $j-:! ,,----:' I have the honor to be, Sir, your most obe^di*.' r ent servant, ' ' '' ; i '/„ '''^ W. Goodman, for the Under Secretary!. l -'' -'??'?- TheSheriff; .,-??':. ? ? ??;.- ??.?. ?? ; ^,... i-Iu id . ' ' ? '? ?. ': , ? :t ?. r : ? cu\\\ v!r The Popb's Cuess.— We allude ; in :: onr ? -'i , Weekly Summary, . on the ' first page, to -, .this ? *? precious produciion :'— The Archbishop ? of ,''J Paris, in,a recent speech in the French' Senaite '' on the Roman queation, observed that if the' ! Pope was obliged to quit Rome and wander- - through the world as a pilgrim, 'the earth, would tremble beneath his footsteps, and his, words would' be maledictions.' In plain Eng-' \ \ lish, if turned out of Rome, the Pope would go ' about tho world cursing ! The following is the - substance of the Pope's dreadful curss, as being . the form of excommunication of the Church of . Rome.' We quote it as given by Dr. Keitk - (froia Harleian MSS., vol. viii. pp. 553-5), in his ;7 'History and Destiny- of the Church a'ad the ??'* World. ' ' By the authority of-, God Almighty, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, and of the, holy canons, and of the un defiled . : Virgin Mary, the mother and 'patroness/''' of our Saviour, and of all the celestial' -'- virtues, angels,, archangels, thrones, domi-r.o nibns, powers, cherubim and seraphim, &e.;, ' ?: we excomunicate and anathematise him or . them ; and from the thresholds of the holy Church of God Almighty we sequester them, ; '? .that he or they may,:be tormented, disposed, ani; ..'. delivered over with Dathan and Abriam, and ? with those who say unto the Lord, 'Depart from -.-' ua, we know not thy ways.' And, as fire i» ' quenched with water, so let the light of him or ' them, for evexmore, unless it shall rep«nt.;;h'im-.: » or them, and they make satisfaction. Ameft, ,-''. ; May the Father, who created man, corse him ©r '- '?''' them. . . . May all the archangels, prin€i«;': palities and powers, curae him or them. . , „ '?'?' May the heavens and earth, and all holy things r.rc remaining therein, curse him or them. May -.)».?... br: they be .cursed, wherever- he or they m&j; '? ' be ;. whether in the house, or in the field, ©r ' in; the highway, or in the path, or i« :/ the wood, or in the water, or iu tha church. .. May he or they be curaed in living, in dying, in eating, in drinking kc. ; in the faculties of theor 'T-. body— inwardly and outwardly— in their braia '' (^-their head— their nostrils — fcheir heart— thefr- ' ' veins. ; . . . May'he or they be cursed ik: all their joints, from the top of the head to the. - so|e of the foot. ..'. . *. . May the Son of the living God, with all the glory of hia majesty, ' curse him or them ; and may heaven, with all ta« f powers which move thereinj rise up against him ;-! - or them, to damn him or them; unlejda it shall - .-?, inake satiafaetipn.- Amen.' Dr. Keith qaofcear this Pope's curse in illustration of that trait ia ' '\ the prophetic character of the pretended vieacof :Ml Christ, when it is said (Rev., xiii. 11-18), ' Jfe-i;-i had two horns like, a lamb, and he spake as ^'(-1 dragon.' -^-Leisure Hour. ... I A legal opinion oa the closing of Catholic. I-«x r . nominational schools by Mr. A. Gordon, Bar- ?'''] riater- at-law, is as follows, vide his letter' ' of the 6th inat., in , the Herald:— 'Supposingi '-'-^ that on the 30th June inst., any school coulft rj have 30 children in regular attendance I ventur*. ?-..,- to: think, that, if the Council of Education wffl» to withdraw the eertificate as threatened, it ttoitld - ..exceed- its' power, act illegally.' I should hope, ;; fchwt Catiiollca will: be prompted aad encouraged. -. by this legal opiaionj and rally round these threafcena-'l sc'hodisand s'ecure thereat a imdM* * ''attdhda'huu of children of tho requisite number, '! ? and- thereby: 'a«-. far as possible, defeat the at- '? teinpt t'.iab is being now made in certain quarters,: .-:?& ' to smash Catholic education, church, faith and .r. ? diaciplin'i ;' and. which will partially succeed,'^ f they do nofc ' shake off at ? ;once and for ever the' ''^ ' ?lethargy .that htin hitherto kept them spellbbnraM : ;1 'The Wkeok of the Stbambr Black SwA.fti~ '' ?? :'z r.The Susannah -Cuthbert, which arrived from the -.-:! .Clarence River on Wednesday, .'. brougiit,.,to;v c; Sydney the chief engineer, a passenger,' anil o'ne'/:'t ?'of i tho crew of the wrecked steamer Black Swan/''!' .who were taken from the ketch Amity when off ??'?-!l' Port Sijcphcna. We learn that. the Black S.wan i: '. ' when lost, was outward bound from the , Man- ..') uing River, with a eargo of maizo. ' Slie was s crossing the bar on Thursday, the -1th instant, u .when a sea bit her, carrying away the fore com- 'i panion and filjing the engine-room with ' water, m:. The two succeeding seas also broke on board .- the steamer, and put out her 'fires. The engine s / was worked by hand until the vessel was steered ' '. into 3aiooth water, where she sank in IS feet, ™ :) , the channel, . inside the bar. The , crew. fortUf » ; .nafcely got clear of her by the assistance of the^.J; steamer's boat. About half her funnel is visible ,.i{.t ' ubore water, and it is thought that if an effort '% . were at onceniade the vessel might ? be raised as ??';'? she, is not materially injured. The remainder. of i-;i'u the Black Swan's crew, are on their ,way,' -:t»;,'i .Sydney in .. another \ essel. . ,...:.,\ ,j 