s (fenitr. i .. , . DEATH IN TfiE STREET. What is tbecrvwd upyonder. pray? . With eager 'faces. Vith active lungs; Words of import th«y seem to say. : r And I hear a perfect Babel of tongues. Make your marketings/count 'your gains. ,r Rapidly pass with hasty fe«t; . ^ nie lo me cao-stand ! haste to the trains ! Tis only a pauper dead in the street. ' ? Blue with the cold, drenched with the rain, ... On the cold stone pavement dead he lies; His thin sad features are wrenched with pain, Hunger stares from his sunken eyes. Stoop and behold how fair the skin Beneath tbe tatters looped with twino; - b it just possible that within Was a soul as precious as yours or mine ? Ours was the gain and his tho loss ; Lift the clay from the cold hard stone. Is this the shape that hung on the Cross ? This poor lean burden of skin and bone. Instead of women wringing their hands With passionate prayers, with foiling teari, (Oh ! Christian people in Christian lands 1) Onlookers bandying jests and jeors. Cover him up and take him away— _ 'Tia an awful spectacle to behold! I Died by the will of God, men say; . fro; t-at of agony, want, and cold. ?''Poor fellow !' the doctor says ; a phraso | Repeated by merchant, parson, peer | Yes, he was poor in a thousand ways; | But what about wealth in another sphere ? ' ' Doubtless his faults were many and great ; Doubtless h'e iet his chances pass.' Faugh I I am sick of such canting prate'; A sinner smiles in each looking glass. He has broken the laws, good people cry; Divine and human his tatters show. Peradventure he erred with you and I» Only We don't let people know. I look at the face, so old, so spare, Bloodless, haggard, a ghost-like face. There are masses of. gray, rough, tangled hair; Showing he came from a hardy race. Can it be true he onoe was yoiing? CSn^it be true he once was 'fair ? That his blue eyes laughed when a Mother sung? ! That a woman still keeps a lock of his hair? j Yellow as gold, glossy as silk, I C&t; in the long, long yeafd ago. When his forehead was white and smooth as milk— His thoughts like the untrodden snow. Whei be bathed in the ^rook, raced on the lea; Caught small trout near the old mill-dam ; Chased the butterfly and 'V&e; iooe. Played with the squirrel and tfielamb. Away, ye visions .that pass 1 repass Like clouds reflected oh the sea; Like shadows over the summer grass; 6rim realities stare at me. A doad man's face, a brutal crowd, . A roadway full of rain and mire; Oh. God ! let tho lark and the summer Be over me when I expire. — Sixpmny Mogasitie. 