A WONDERFUL JR JFFOBTBLLS.THE LOSS PT'-OYK,^ rossu^tjBjuqiBBpl . iSFr&m; an.Aptgncqii paper) . atihe Winslow House, hundrOTBof people have visited .the building, and .occupants of thq house state that the strange sights' anjj-fsounds'have often. been, repeated^Aij- thejihanifestations were^ery similar to "those apoke^of in our first account,,we have not referred to them, but the^ following statement in reference, to occurrences^ on last Sunday morning, verified by three witnesses, will be read with interest, and furnishes food for reflection. Mr. M'Bain.is at present in Norlhfield, and expects to start: for California in a few days. The prophesy, made by- the apparition in reference to.the burning of an .ooean stoamer. will furnish a test of his j^hoataliip's.reliability. On Sunday morning last, at abp^t half-past 8 o'clock, I met a gentleman froni Steam's coun- : try, by the name of Secord, who^canje down to see if he could not splve the mystery, connected with the "Winalow House Ghost."' He told me his business, and requested me to show him through the haunted,portions of the house. He has a strong belief in Spiritualism, anS'&isplayed; a good deal of enthusiasm in its advocacy, and felt confident that the apparitions which had been previously seen were from the spirit world. On our way to. the engine room we.met^Mr* Hurbert, who accompanied us. 'We went through all;thc cellar rooms* and holes., in the lower part of the building, and all. was silent as the tomb; not a sound, was Jheard, no? anything seen, until we went i&to; the rpoig on .the north- west corner of the building,'in which'^stands a large heavy table. "When we entered the room: the door waB closed behind us, and; wing to. the fact that the inside inob was off.the lock, I, in a joking manner, remarked that we had closed ourselves in, and would have a poor chanee to beat .a hasty retreat, if any generalship should, in case of emergency, be required- We were at this time about ten feet fronj the door, and had aspumed a half leaning posture against the table. I- had scarcely made the remark about the door being closed on us when it gently opened back, to the wall, and a tall ghastly-looking man deliberately, entered the room. He was clad in a black broadcloth coat and pants, a satin vest, broken and hanging in shreds, just above the right hand pocket, show ing that it was considerably worn, and his. appearance showed what might be ca]led "shabby gentility." He was. in his, stocking feet, which were blue in color, while nearly one half toward the toes were white. His head was. covered, by a clean and yery white night cap, with very long broad flaps to it like a woman's, hood His beard was long and black, and had a wavy appearance on the chin, while on liis upper lip. toward the angle of his. mouth, it turned up to ward his cheek bones, in a long curl. His complexion presented a ghastly and cadaverous ap pearance, his eyes, were large, gloBsy, and rolling, and were deeply sunken m his head, and were shaded by very long, glossy eyelae ; His eyebrowB. were hea^y, but not large, agd : his. forehead was very high and full. When he. entered I must confess that I did not feel quite at ease, and hardly knew where I was, but re covered my thoughts when Mr. Hurbert exclaimed, " In the name of God, doctor, what do you want 1" I had never seen Mr. Jewell in my life before, and while he was seemingly meditating on his. answer to Mr. H-urbert's question, I saw him before.me, as. described above. His appearance was not, in point of materiality, like anything earthly. It seemed to lack weight and substance, and more resembled the gravity and movement of a very dense and heavy shadow. His movements, were noiseleBB and graceful, and he seemed to slide rather than walk, and looked like a man on skates with both feet together, with very slow motion. After a pause of a few seconds, which seemed an age, he said, '• I have a message to communicate and have hitherto failed to get any one to whom I could unbosom my troubles, because they seem to fear me, and in their, confusion leave mo or forget to ask me the question which you have done. I am not happy in my present sphere, which is one of the lowest, and places me in too close proximity with earthly friends and things. I am permitted, as all here are, to see ail .that transpires on earth, and our thoughts, like those of strangers in a strange land, are continually reverting to friends and things which wehave left behind; bat those in the higher spheres are too pure and enwrapt iu heavenly enjoyments to be defiled by such contaminating scenes—but my probation here will soon terminate, and then upward, higher and more delightful, will be my course,. My troubles are concerning my wife and daughter, who are shortly going to California, and unless they take this warning they will both be lost. The steamer that will be waiting fpr them on the Papificj after being three days oi^t, will be destroyed by fire and many lives lost. They must not gq on that vessel, but on another of smaller tonnage, which will safely reach i$s destination. TJUB is my trouble and now I shall be at rest, and will not be here any more/'- ^ tl>en asked him why he had told my daughter to go to room 74 on the fourth story. Ho Bai(l " ;t was for. the purpose of getting her to go there that she might find an old paper in whioh was the full account of the destruction of one of the Pacific lino of Steamer^ a few years ago."- V Why di£ you desire Mrs. Jewell to sit on the west side of the table ?" " Thig I thought would arouse her attention and cause lief to ipquire abo\it her projected journey, and then I could impart the necessary 'information." V Why did you not appear to hferonste&d; of my daughter P" " J have done 6Q frequently; but although she is fplly aware of my presence, Bhe is incapable of seeing me, and I cannot speak to those who do not behold me." The fgost singular part of this affair is, that althpugh Mr. Secord was standing between Mr. Jewe)l and myself he saw nothing, although he distinctly heard all that was said. He attempted to elicit some information from him concerning dpad relatives, but he seemed not to heed Mr. Secord ! s interrogations at all. HiB voice was subdued, but clear, and his words - were articulated with a marked -precision that indicated labored effort, and eaoh sentence was followed by a long paiue as if he was pondering over the next sentence before .uttering it> He then Tfuus^ed, but did not go «ot: of the door, .mnd'it .appeared that lie had been in the room lhalf an^ojps but as to .the exact tinjpt ca^ot' rioanjp into ne house and talked -the er, and the above is the exaet version ' ^ ^ S ^ S S ^ ^ W)» satisl|jjd, 'tv^rtfSSrajj no optiqalvdelusion, no. working •of iinagination, but that we both saw and heard whatislierein stated.—F. M'BAIN, T. HTOBBBT,. jB. SBCOBD., • : P-S.—;Fo|.the last 20-years I-have combattedn both witb^pen and tongue^^ manifestations 'projnulgated and placed before ife world, as jSlffiffi'g froni the "spirit.jim'fl, as mere humibugs; have looked,upon ljpimanuel, Swedenborg*a " Life of Man after Death" as the vagaries 'of a disordered mind; have pronounced Befeert (Dale Owen's/' EbotprintB"mere effusions of the visionary; but thfc gainful solemnity of yesterday's interview i?_so ii>delibIy stamped on the ' tablets of memory that.it oann'ot fade while life lasts. Let, not idle j?jfers of-the sceptical be. .hurled in ridicule on that which is above their. reach, or beyond the. power of mpre man to explain. Lam incapable of treating lightly that which my senses of hearing, seeing,, and feeling, incontrovertibly ylaoeibefore me, and for which science cannot furnish a rational solution ; I have for days borne the laughnnd jeers of those from whom better might have been expected; but all. th?harm I wish them,that they:,had been .present.at.the interview, and - beheldithe awful fiplemnity of the scene, while.listening to the - (dear measured tones, that came .from one whose %feryappearance clearly indicated that he was not flesh and- blood. In the name of reason and charity, respect the feelings of those who arp. already too much troubled. with' this unso- licited notoriety, and oblige, yours truly, E. M'BAIH. 