SYNOD OF TASMANIA. The following IB the address of the Lord JJishop of Tasmania, on the opening of the bynod at Lan.jcesfcon. It is taken from the Lauiteeston Examiner of the 13th inst. :— My fieverend Brethern and Brethern of the Laity. I have summoned Synod to hold its Session in ^maceatoa m the hope that experience will show that the great object for which Synod lias been constituted will be better attained. That object f. to nnte the Clergy and Laity of the Whole dioeess for the purpose of general conmutation and legislation. The practical consequence of the Synod meeting iu Hobart Town has been to deprive it of the presence of almost all the clergy, and moat of its Synodsmen belonging to the ^Northern Archdeaconry Many plans have been projected for the correction of this fundamental defect, bnfc, to my mind, all of them would be attended with evils greater than those which they sought to remove; among such were the votingbyproxv ££i h V\ Bemb i! n S at Bome central place between Hobart Town and Launceston. 1 am aware that there are disadvantages which we xnay expect from the departure from our hitherto uniform practice of meeting in Hobart Town, but they are capable, if not of removal, yet of great modification. The principal objection, and indeed the only one of any importance is this, that we may be deprived of the presence ol many Southern Synodsmen and those, too whose judgments have done much to shape our counsels, and the result may be that the reso- Jutions of one session of Synod held in the JNorth may be cancelled by a subsequent one held m the South. There is one unchangeable element, however, in our constitution, and that IB the President; and whenever it may appear to him that a resolution involving a radical principle which affects both Archdeaconries, or any principle which may have important beanngs upon the whole Dioeess, and upon • 'which there should be united sentiment and united action, it will be the duty of the President to suspend hie sanction until the question has been re-opened at the subsequent session of bynod held in the other portion of the island •By this means sipon him will fall the doty of preventing all one-sided legislation, and of , amending and harmonising that which should be one anduDdmded-the Dioeess of Tasmania Jbet us, in all our doings, avoid the spirit of disunion. We are free from many influences which attach to political arenas, where private interests enter into controversies of men. The remembrance that it is our duty to legislate upon matters which involve the eternal interests of \- ourselves, our families, and our fellow men, and that it is terribly inconsistent to bring into our •CUecUBBions "envy and strife," the works of the flesh, will surely operate upon Christian. hearts, and prevent, as heretofore, the display of any other feeling than that of men consulting in a Wide and comprehensive spirit of Christian brotherhood for the whole family of the Church Buffer one other word of counsel: " Whatsoever our hand findeth to do let us do it with all OUT might." Let our words be few, and our thoughts matured. I have more than once •ventured to recommend that no new subject of real importance be introduced which lias not been previouslysubmitted to members of Synod after being examined by some competent Council. In the absence of any standing committee, as in Victoria and elsewhere, the -Bishop s Council of Advice has this year, to some extent, discharged this duty 0f "receiving fftd considering" subjects intended for our deliberation. The tendency, at all times of an imperfect knowledge of any subject under discussion is to unprofitable waste of time, and I am sore that such a system as that which has been now particularly for the first time adopted, wiU greatly economise our strength and time, and lead to a larger and more regular attendance. Une clergy and laity can spare three days for eWTieet energetic work, but they cannot spare heart or leisure for labor diffused over a whole week, with a possible Sunday intervening, -f pleasure to report some considerable increase in the work of Churchbuilding and Church-extension since we last met in Synod. Iu the Southern Archdeaconry toe settlements along D'Entrecasteaux's Channel are at length placed nnder the care of a Resident clergyman, whose locomotion from place to place is accomplished by a boat built by subscription, and manned by the voluntas seal of Bome young men. Towards the cost the children of the Sunday Schools made a liberal contribution. In the Northern Archdeaconry, Mr. Mitchell's ordination not only enables him to minister to the inhabitants of jJJawarra gnd Bishopsboume, but to pay p missionary visit to parts of the "Archdeaconry which the Church has as y et failed to penetrate. The inhabitants residing on the Stivers Leven and Don, hitherto united with those on the Mersey, have petitioned both P)y§elf and the Finance Committee to be formed into a separate parish under Mr. Brome, who has been 'ong known to them as an energetic Oaiechist; andthev have undertaken to raise the amount of stipend required by the resolution of Synod. The same settlers are also engaged iu the erection of a small church. It has been objected to tjie system of Chflrch extension that it is our duty to con- Serve the funds at our disposal for the benefit of existing cures. No doubt care should be taken to protect present claims, but I hope that the general sentiment of Synod will be in favor of the principle of extending the ministrations of the Church in"proportion to the extension of the funds which vacancies in the scheduled cures place>under our control. To adopt any pther principle wpuld be equivalent "to saying what no <?<her denomination that pretends to Cnnstian zeal would say, that the largor our resources the less should be our esertionB. It Beems to me that our duty is to see that as our resources become larger, so the larger shall be r ir el o° f our °P erations - The appointment of Mr. Brome as an ordained clergyman, at the earnest request of the people among whom he has been so well known as a Liy JEeader, enables toe Church of England to unite by a net-work t ministrations the entiie Iforth Coast from f 'ort Sorell to Circular Head. This desirable end being effected, as I trust it will be, I am ?fit disposed to advise for some time to come »ny further division of cures. Perhaps it mav pven. be possible to consolidate some already existing. The most important want, which should now be kept in view, is that of a missionary or itinerant clergyman in each archdeaconry, whose work and journeys should be narked out by the Bishop and Archdeacon, or a local committee under the presidency of each Archdeacon. Meanwhile, it is our mission, for more reasons than one, to employ, in destitute places, the services of volunteer laymen. They may be made most valuable pioneers. Experi ence has already shown to me that a dist.ict Jeft to itself gopji begins to lose every degire for ordinances of religion. On the other hand the settlers of some other district who have been kept together by the voluntary zeal of a competent and educated layman, so far from confounding all ideas of distinction between the layman and ordained clergyman, are gradually taught to desire the blessings of a more complete Church system. The occasional visit of the clergyman tends to draw stronger lines of demarkation between the two offices, as they are taught to observe that to him alone pertains those functions which, by the word of Grod, by the practice of primitive Christianity, and, according to the common instincts of mankind, cannot, without profane presumption, be claimed by the ordinary layman. The recourse to such a lay agency, I am persuaded, has led on to the employment of a resident clergymen at Long Bay in the South, and Torquay and the Leven in the North. To lay-agency, properly and carefully administered, we owe it that South Arm, deprived as it was of the valuable services of Mr. Gcllibrand, continued still weekly to witness the assembling together of the entire little population who love to worship God through the lithurgy of their fathers. By the zeal of the same layman, Mr, T. Westbrook, in connection with Mr. Patterson, the little cliunkat Kangaroo jpoint Ii .s been cleaned and improved; and what is move is filled by a devout congregation, which "' visited periodical IT by the incumbent and occasionally by myself. In this place a Sunday school, under their Superintendent, gathers together the lambs of Christ's flock. I cannot too highly commend the self- denying labors r,f Mr. Westbrook, who, when he might well claim the privilege of enjoying his Sunday rest with his family after the very arduous labors of the ;reek, chooses rather to spend the whole day in crossing and recrossing often a dangerous sea for the discharge of Jiis Christian labors at South Arm. As of old, so now, I wish that I may have to record, if God shall so bless his example, 41 His zeal hath provoked very many." I have to state that new churches are in course of erection at the Leven, at Chudleigh near Deloraine, at Constitution Hill, at Jerusalem, and at O'Brien's Bridge. We have had the satisfaction of lately witnessing the laying of the foundation stone of the new cathedral, which will be, in fact, a simple parish church, so much needed in the capital of the colony. It has been determined to erect nothing more than a nave, and I have obtained the consent of the "Christian Knowledge Society" to devote their promised grant, contrary to their usual practice, upon a portion only of the undertaking. By this determination, we shall be able to confine ourselves to a task which ought to be easily within our reach. I am glad to reciprocate the sentiment of our metropolitan, the Bishop of Sydney, in regard to the functions of a cathedral in these modern times. "The services should be of that character and frequency which is common in cathedrals at Home, but I do not think it desirable to introduce services of an ornate kind into our parish churches." And my own opinion entirely accords with his, that when for simple chants and hymns of praise there are substituted elaborate performances in which the choir only can join, we do a great wrong to the congregation, whom we deprive of the opportunity of uniting in this most important element of all congregational worship. I observe that the con- duct of the new cathedral at Sydney will be committed to a Chapter, superintended by the Dean, part of which is to be nominated by the Bishop and part by the Synod. I am disposed to recommend the adoption of a similar constitution when the proper rime shall arrive, as tending to associate with it the idea that it is the property of the whole dioeess and not of the capital. I hope that the liberalty of churchmen will enable us to complete what has now actually been begun. For what we know, the future may reveal to ns that this is the most favorable time to do a good work which had better have been done some years ago. After all, it is but an exceptional work, and instead of magnifying difficulties let us not act the part of a Sanba'lat but of JVehemiah; and with one valiant effort bring it to a completion, and leave ourselves at liberty to commence new work. I muBt here record my conviction that we are very pemiBs in not establishing a sufficient machinery for the increase of church fimds for the general church work. We have no appliances sufficient to reach more than a mere fraction of the professed members of the church. The consequence is that they often make their contributions to other communions, simply because other communions apply to them. Our executive, it appears to me, might with advantage be made more broad and popular. Parochial or similar associations need to be formed, and the names of subscribers should be enrolled and published. Well to-do parishes should cherish a de,ire to be independent of the General Church Fund. In Victoria the Church recognises different grades of parishes, catalogued according to their ability to maintain their own clergymen, and to sustain their parish church without becoming pensioners upon the general fund. Prom that fund the parishes which are most favorably circumstanced receive no help; a second class ."less favorably circum- stanced, receive a certain amount of help,- and a third class, consisting of poor inhabitants, or those very widely scattered, receive the largest share. If we are not prepared to adopt a scheme which is admirably adapted to fulfil the Apostle's^ precept to "bear one another's burthens," I confess a wish to see springing up amongst our town parishes and well situated rural ones an honorable desire to forego the liberty to claim their share. There is one great practical evil to which I desire to draw the attention of Synod, the deliberation upon which will be invited by the Secretary. It is one fraught with grave result s. We hare no sufficient means for relieving parishes superintended by incumbents whose age and infirmity render them incapable of meeting the necessities of colonial cures. For the eternal interests of the parishioners, no less than for their own comfort, and for ihe credit of that good name which they may have earned in other times, some legislation, and relief as the result of such legislation, is imperatively demanded. I desire also to draw attention to the neglect of the education of the youths. I wish that I could persuade ail my reverend brethren to imitate the example of some of them, in devoting a portion of their energies to the religious instruction of our children in the public schools. These public schools may be the only possible schools assisted by the Government; but they are necessarily imperfect in the most essential principle of real education,- their imperfection, however, may be largely supplied by the clergy, man. It falls to the daily teacher to impart secular instruction, and to inculcate lessons of moral conduct; but religious instruction, the knowledge of the way of salvation, and of those truths which must underlie all mora? education, must come from the ministers of God's sanctuary. A faithful clergyman will not neglect the school any more than he will the church. The Sunday School, the primitive practice of public catechising in 1 iiureti at least once a month, and an habitual attendance at the daily school, allowed to every minister of religion by the wise regulations of the Board of Education, will form part of the bouoden duty of every true and conscientious servant of Christ. Older children who are, or who fancy that they are, too old for Sunday School attendance, should be formed if possible into a separate class held, if possible, in a different room, and known as the Bible or Confirmation Class, or, as it is called in one parish, "The Bishops Class," The rite of confirmation ought to be administered with greater frequency than has been the wont, and I take the opportunity of expressing my readiness to pay annual visits to any parish in the dioeess, however small, where the clergyman has a few—say ten—candidates to present. Annuil administration at St. David's have witnessed larger numbers of catechumens than were present at the previous triennial confirmations; and the advantage to the general community arising from a careful and systematic course of religious instruction among the young, as they are about to enter upon the duties and temptations of life, cannot, be properly estimated. It will be-remembered that Synod, at the last meeting, requested me to take measures for the reduction of the fees for marriage by license. I have ascertained that the only sca'e which, in the opinion of the clergy, would meet the evil complained of, is one to which the Hegistrar of the Dioeess refuses to give his consent. A registrar at home, by virtue of his letters patent has the power of resisting any attempt to interfere with his emoluments, and it is a question which I feel unable to answer how far the like protection extends to the colonies. If the funds at the disposal of the Synod permitted it, the difficulty would be got rid of by offering compensation. Assuming this to be beyond our power, the Synod will have to say whether we shall allow Church people to be induced by the low charge of other denominations to repair to their ministers for marriage, or whether it will hold either myself or the _ sr my; officiating clergymen harmless, if thi should appeal to a court of law. I thing that our ultimate aim should be to solemnise the offices of the Church without fees except such as voluntary benevolence may prompt. My own impression is that the Registrar has no other than a moral claim upon Synod • for compensation. I found that opinion upon the fact that the ecclesiastical laws of England are not necessarily binding upon the colony; and that, in the eye of the law, the English Church is a voluntary association bound by the laws which itself has made, and which derive their force only by his consent. If so, this Synod is competent to declare that the Bishop, from whose letters patent granted to the Registrar that official claims his full, and «ertainly exorbitant fee, and one altogether disproportionate to the means of the colony, lias power to recall the letters patent, or to modify their terms, or to make any other arrangement for the registration ol' marriages which the circumstances of the colony may require. I must be understood to be speaking of the legal claim, irrespective of those moral claims to which long service and very liberal concession to the wishes of the clergy may entitle the gentleman who now holds the office. The movement at home, to which I alluded last year, at length has led to the appointment of a Boyal Commission. Public opinion, legitimately expressed, is, in theBe days, a much more effective weapon of repression than an action at law, which savors too much of persecution to suit the temper of the age. My object, on that occasion, was to analyse the rationale of that movement, and to point out that iu a time of excitement there was a danger of confounding an exaggerated ceremonial which, we had toi mnch reason to fear, might be the outward expression of unscriptural doctrines, with that sober and decent form of worship which happily had begun to take the place of a cold and spiritleBB routine with which we were once too familiar in England An intelligent Churchman will surely appreciate the difference between a relapse into that heartlessness which had contributed its full share to the prevalence of dissent, and that love of excessive ritual which, by i ts very excess, ceases to be a reverent ritual, and be- comes a pompottB ceremonial. The appointment of a Royal Commission, in the place of any rash exercise of authority, will, I charit ably hope, induce the leaders of this movement to abide by the conclusions at which the Commission will arrive. That report, probably, will point out what practices ar^ inexpedient as well as illegal, into which the zeal of some of both clergy and laitj have been led. By conviction, no less than by education and habit, my own predilections are in favour of a quiet, simple, yet becoming ritual, the channel of and not the substitute for a true and spiritual worship. The first day of the week should be a day of rest and of religious improvement— the torch that shows the way." To secure these inestimable blessings to the mass of the population is not, in my opinion, to invite them to other meetings and other places which the Church does not know and cannot consecrate, in order to listen to lectures, however improving iu themselves, but to render her own services more inviting and heart-stirring—and mere than all, to open her places of worship with equal hand to the poor as well as to the rich, f cannot forbear here to commend the valuable lecture upon free sittings delivered by Dr. Ozanne at the annual meeting of the Church Union, held in this town, when I had the advantage of presiding. One of the advantages of the Lambeth C onference may he to secure to us a less restrictive system, and one more suited to our colonial wants. Like the iris of the eye, the rules of the Church muBt have some elasticity, contracting or expanding according to the prevailing taste and circumstances of the age. And unquestionably this desire for a warmer, and I might say, more stimulating character of religious service' had largely manifested itself, even among those who had deserted the communion of the Church of England. Our Church must not forget that her strength consists in her comprehensiveness, and that not so much in the spirit of compromise, as of a large and liberal sympathy with and reverence for the due exercise of private judgment—comprehensiveness both in dogma and ritual. No good will be separate from evil; and so, if an expansive system of Church government be adopted, it will of necssity follow that there will ever'be men who, if they use their liberty of private judgment at all, will be verging perhaps dangerously close to Geneva, or dangerously close to Bome. This diversity in unity, within certain limits, is not her shame but her boast. Yet limits there must be, and the question arises who shall lay them down ? The voice of the Church itself, and not of the individual bishops, much less of individual parishioners, must define these limits; and those to whom authority is given must enforce the observance of them. This principle of Church discipline was laid down from the very beginning "Obey those who have the rule over you." How important, then, that we should pray that a sound and faithful mind should be vouchsafed to those on whom BO grave a responsibility rests, that they may preserve for i'-s and those who come after us our ancient landmarks. For if rules and dogmas, which are essential to the verv exislence of a Church, be c mtraeted overmuch, as some would wish, the Church would degenerate into one of many sects, each of which may represent a trijth^but a one-sided and exclusive view of truth. On the other hand, if these rules and dogmas are so relaxed as to admit of a T >y interpretation that individual liberty chooses to put upon them, and if the limits of the Church are made so wide as to admit men of all creeds—from the most debasing superstition even to the denial of the Lord that brought them—the very essence and meaning of a Church would be made to evaporate. Perhaps the time may be approaching when it will be admitted that if the English Church would vindicate this her claim to comprehensivnesg, she must aim at union of worship and communion more than even unity of confession of doctrine, content with essentials already defined by the early councils and the primitive Church. Since wo l^sfc met in Synod you are aware that an important conference has metat Lambeth upon the invitation of the Archbishop of Canterbury. The idea orignated ia the minds of Colonial Bishops then in London, who were dismayed by the conflicting decisions pronounced by ecclesiastical lawyers upon the very credentials of the colonial churches, and their general relation to the Church at Home. Immediately the American BisbopB pleaded for admission to the general conference, on behalf of their own Church. Ihen the Provincial Synod of Canada urged their own still stronger right, and was backed up by the Lower House of Convocation, in a reguest made to the Archbishop, that his grace should assemble a council or conference of the bishops of the whole Anglican Communion. The Archbishop responded bodly to the call, with the christian hope that, though no such council was competent to declare definitions on points of doctrine, yet that the unity of the Anglican Church would be practically promoted by the closer bonds of " peace antl brotherly love" and '"the united worship and common counsels" ot an assembly which, for number and influence, has no precedent since the Reformation. Of the 75 bishops who attended the Conference, 18 belonged to the Home Dioeess. 19 to those of the United States, and 23 to those ol the colonies. Some persons who do not bear sufficiently in mind the tentative and informal character of the Conference, may regard the resnlts as disproportionate to its magnitude and imposing character. Iu any such disappointment I do not share. I think the moral effects must be considerable; and it is impossible to calculate the future practical consequence that may flow from what I regard as merely a preliminary convention. The very presence of so many representatives of the Anglo-Saxon Church is an evidence before the eyes of the world of a determination to abide by" the faith," deduced from Holy Scripture, witnessed by the early Church, and set forth in our liturgy and formularies. That assembly is an evidence, I trust, that the via media will be mantained by her world-wide communion. She will hold the JJ j 0nce delivered to her keeping, neither added to by any assumed prerogative of Church authority nor subtracted from by any pre sumptuous exercise of private judgment. ' She will impose no articles of faith except what can be proved by the " sure warrant of Holy Writ," but Holy Writ construed once and for ever by the creeds and councils of the primitive ChuTch not subject to the fluctuations of private interpretation—that prolific source of endless subdivisions. She will add no new article of faith, but holding fast those which have been defined in her primitive liturgy and scriptural formularies ; aiming not to limit beyond what has 1 J A N EADY limited by them, but to comprehend all the varieties and shades of individual belief which do not defy their manifest scope and meaning. It may be well for the Synod to nominate a committee in order to be prepared for the discussion of any subject which may be referred to it by the Lambeth Confererce. I am advised that the judgment of the colonial bishops will be asked upon a report on the best mode for removing the injury and scandal alleged to have arisen from the present condition of the Church in Natal. I need not tell you how grave and delicate such a question is, which practically amounts to this—whether the Bishop of Ifatal has exceeded the limits of private judgment. When we remember that though the very canon of Holy Scripture rests upon the authority of the primitive Church, yet that authority has never attempted to define the exact nature and meaning of inspiration, the rejection of all authority from without, and the forgetfulnessof that Apostolic caution, that" no Scripture iB of private interpretation," is an evil symptom of the umes in which we live. I confess that my own fears for the future point more to those incipient heresies which are leading the age to the denial of our blessed Lord's divinity, rather than to the return of superstition. Superstition is the offspring of darkness: Socinianism of the bold and sceptical speculation of unsatisfied intellect. I recognise, at least, in this conference the utterance of a strong desire, felt by a vast communion, to be placed under a more perfect organisation—a desiie of liberty in unity. The torch of history will help to invest the See of Canterbury with the status of a Patriarch, but not of a Vicar of Christ. By that light such a conference may learn how to meet the want of the age, to control the liberty of living thought by a submission to constitutional law, to recognise an authority from without which, divine in its origin, must not cramp the life or restrict the human mind in open questions, or the effect may be that the dogmas of theology shall come into conflict with the truths of science, and there may then arise amongst thoughtful men an universal stillness but it will be the stillness of a suppressed unbelief. I will briefly refer to two important particulars made prominent by the resolutions of that important Conference. The one is practical, the other theoretical. First, it is held that while the close union with the Mother .Church demands the maintenance, without alteration, of the standard of faith and doctrine which we have already received; nevertheless each Province, I do not say each Dioeess, but each Procmce, should have the right to make adaptations of, and additions to, the services of the Church, as its peculiar circumstances may require. Such changes, however, aie very properly made liable to revision " bv any Synod of the Anglican Commurion in which the said Province sliall be represented." The other particular refers to the growing desire for the more visible union of Christendom. Great and well- nigh hopeless as the difficulties now appear for any true, substantial re- union, they are not greater than those difficulties which the infidelity and the wickedness of man oppose to the very progress of Christianity, and yet we are taught to pray, ' Thy kingdom come." Similarly we cannot altogether blame the enthusiasm of those who yearn for the fulfilment of Lord's other prayer, That all mav be onethat the world may believe.thatThouhast sent me." Yet the prospect may appear very small. Before this consummation, after which every true heart must yearn in the abstract, there are two preliminary obstacles which must be first removed, if the Eeformed Church of England shall take her stand upon impregnable and never to be surrendered position, namely. Holy Writ, interpreted by the Primitive Church—that Primitive Church by whose authority the very canonicity of Holy Writ was determined, and by whose fidelity a precious heritage has been handed down to us. Those two preliminary stumbling-blocks which no sophistry or explanation can remove, are—"The universal sovereignty asserted for the See of Home," and " the practical exaltation of the blessed Virgin Mary as mediator, in the place of her Divine Son, and the addressing of prayers to her as intercessor between God and man." God forbid than the coveted blessing of an intimate and visible union should be purchased by the Eeformed and Primitive Church of England at the price of chose or any other superstitions, which the Reformation swept away as unknown to the early Church, by whose standard the principles of that Reformation were guided. It is the glorious mission of our own English Church to guard the entire foundation of Christ's truth, surrendering no stone here and 110 stone there to modern heresy or unbelief on the one hand ; and on the other to protect it from the. re-intrusion of those superstitions by which, one after another, the truth of God has been in comparatively recent days distorted or overlaid. Upon one subject it is desirable that the judgment of Synod should be declared at once. I refer to the Bill which the Secretary of State will bung before the English Parliament after Easter, upon the principles of which it is important that the opinions of the colonial churches should be communicated to his Grace the Secretary of State, or the Archbishop of Canterbury. The fundamental principle is now well understood, that no coercive p^wer can exist iu any conutry except with the consent of the legislature of that country. It follows from this principle that no new See can be created at Home, invested as the English Sees are with coercive jurisdiction, without an Act ofParliament; that the Crown, in conceding a constitution to any colony, has abandoned its supremacy over all causes ecclesiastical in that country; and that no ecclesiastical tribunal with coercive jurisdiction can exist iu any colony under the authority of the Queen's Letters Patent alone without the consent of the Colonial Parliament. It follows from the application of this principle, that the coercive authority, claimed by the Metropolitan of the African Churches over the Bishop of Natal, cannot be sustained in law. The legality, indeed, of our own coercive jurisdiction in Tasmania is secured to our branch of the- Anglican Church by our Constitution A ct. But although we are protected against this particular evil which has leied the African Church, there are other evils arising from the new relation in which we stand to the Mother Church, some of which might beset us in any vacancy of the See, and some beset us now, which it is the object of the Duke of Buckingham's Bill to correct. That Bill proposes first to give a legal status at Home, with all the ri><ht to discharge clerical duties, and to hold preferment to such clergy as have been duly ordained in any of the colonies ; secondly, that bill proposes that since the right of self-government is exercised by the colonial Church, so the privilege of electing its own bishop should be conceded to the province to which it belongs, and his consecration shoul i occur at the hands of three bishops of eaoh povince, according to the canons of the Universal Church. For it seems peoessarily to follow that " the (Drawn caii of itself claim no coercive authority, nor territorial jurisdiction over such colonies, so neither should it, nor can it legally, claim the appointment of the bishops. If tbe royal supremacy, in matters ecclesiastical, has ceased, the privileges inherent in. suchsupremacy cease with it. My own consecration was, I believe, the very lasiiustanceofconsecration issuing from a mandate of the Crown,- and brings me to the practical question which is now submitted to us: what scheme shall be adopted for tbe election and consecration of future Bishops in the Dioeess ? The Bill proposed by the Duke of Buckinghamseeks to transfer the right of nomination from the Crown.into the hands of Synod, adopting the principles which bave guided the Church from the earliest ages. From the Canons of Primitive Councils we learn that the Bishop was elected by the clergy of each Dioeess, and the election was approved by the laity before he was presented for consecration to the Metropolitan and his other Bishops of the province. Many amongst UB may perhaps prefer the plan which has hitherto prevailed for two reasons. They may desire that the chief pastor should be selected from a larger number, of Presbyters than can be f->und in a limited L'iocess ; and they may desire the continuance of that connection which hag hitherto bound the colonial Church with the mother Church at home. It must, however, be borne in mind that the Bill in question does not limit the choice to any one Dioeess, whether at home or abroad, nor does it hinder the right of petitioning tbe Queen for a license to the Archbishop of Canterbury to consecrate the Bishop nominated by the Dioeess, especially if sueh nominee Bhould be selected from Presbyters at home. If the experience of the American Dioeess be taken as a guide, the nomination of the Bishop mast depend upon tbe consent of two-thirds of the clergy, and two-thirds of the congregations : or, as it would be amongst us, two-thirds of the Lay Synodsmen are required to signify their approbation. Without, however committing ourselves to any details whatever, the necessity of holding another Synod may be obviated by oar affirming, if it is thought expedient, the two simple and general principles of the bill which have been affirmed by the dioeess of Adelaide— 1\. That it is desirable that the Synod of the dioeess should nominate its future bishops. 2. That they should receive consecration at the hands of the Metropolitan and of his com-pro- vincial bishops, or of the Archbishop of Canterbury, tinder license from the Crown, if a petition shall be presented to the Secretary of State for that purpose. I regret that my address haB extended itself beyond the limits which I had promised to myself. I have only to add that I trust that the deliberations of this newly-elected Synod may vie with the last in the spirit of tolerance, brotherly respect for diffirence of opinion, freedom from party narrowness, and a steady determination to be guided by the one motive of promoting the honour of Christ's Church, and the extension of His kingdom. And if our laybrethren of the Church are willing to devote their time and talents, and sacrifice their ease, in order to relieve ns of the burden of secular duties, we, my reverend bretheren, are bound *o much the more to devote ourselves to the Word of God and the spiritual interests of the people committed to our keeping. God give us grace to be more it earnest; instant in season and out of seaso^ careful to give no offence, that the miiiistry be not blamed; mixing in the occupations and relaxations of life no further than our example and presence shall serve to sanctify them. Avoid all scenes of wordly amusements, unless your presence distinctly shall control or sanctify them, as otherwise you endorse, by your high authority and the authority of your Master, and are partakers of the evil. I know that our religion iB one rather of principal, and not the Judaic one of rules ; and what cannot be indulged in by one without spirtual harm may be so by another. Still, there are scenes where the "pride of life," not to say the " lust of the eyes," predominates ; where night is tamed into day—scenes of recreation in which no lay Christian can well tale part without some spirtual loss; and the spiritual guide,must hesitate to be anywhere where he cannot'but encourage what we cannot correct. Finally let us set our face steadfastly against popular error; " constantly speak the truth, boldly rebuke vice, and suffer patiently for this truth's sake " whatever may be the consequence of the faithful testimony we hear for our dear Lord. As it is no common trust committed to our keeping so no common penalty awaits our unfaithfulness. We know not how soon the Son of Man may come, but we do know that the time i» very short which fallB to each ol us for " the hastening of His Kingdom, and accomplishing the number of His elect." M®y we have grace to be found faithful, and to give up our account without shame at His coming. Let us avoid the entanglement of earthly carea, and give ourselves wholly to th e glorious work of bringing men to Christ— to which at our ordination we declared ourselves to be called by the Holy Ghost. My reverend brethern, let us show in our daily work and conversation, by our ministrations among the living and dying that we indeed believe still what we then solemnly affirmed before God and 