COLONIAL EXTRACTS. CUaIoua CeIAnon OF ASSAULT AGAINST DR. CAnn,-On Friday, ,the 7th instant, Dr. Carr appeared before the Forbes Bench (as recorded in the Lachlan Reporter), at the instance of"a person named Ingram, who claimed £10 damages for alleged wilful injury to his tooth, caused by the breaking of the same on the publio platform of the Princess Theatre, Forbes, Dr. Carr having stated before the audience the same was done to punish the man for his impu dence. Plaintiff examined by the Bench: I was one of a number of volunteers that went forward on the stage to have my tooth extracted, and Dr. Carr broke it off by the gum, and said'to the meeting that hle had done this to punish nme. The Bench: Punish you; for what P For'my impudence. ThoBenoh: Have you suffered much pain. It is not what I have suffered, but I am afraid of what I may suflbr in the future by having the roots removed, The Bench : Did' you feel any pain at the time oP I did. The Bench: Where you mesmerised P I was not. The Bench : Did Dr. Carr tell you that you wero mesmerisedP No. The Bench: When you sat down to have your tooth extracted did you expect to feel any pain? .I expected to fool some pain. Cross.examined by defendent: Were you drunk.upon the night that I broke your tooth P No ; I cannot say that I was. Defendant: ,Wcreoyou drunk P I had taken a nobler or two. Defendant: WeYre you drunk P The Bench : Yes or no? Yes. Defendant: -Did you swear and smoke your pipe upon the stage during the interval while I was absent, and annoy my subjects P I believe I was smokling. Defendant: Do you remember my breaking your tooth P Yes. Defendant: Do you remember swear. ing and smoking before the audience dur. ing my absence ? Yes; I was not swearing at you, it was at the painist. Defenudalt: When,you sat down, to have your tooth extracted, while I was in the net of placing the iiistrurment, did you throw your hands up violenty and force mine awayP Yes, I I did ; it was high time, because you hurt me. Defendant: Did I give you to under. stand either that you were meslnerised, or that you would fool no pain P Defenda?t: Your worships, pernift rue to explain that all the punisnmeont I wished to infllict upon this man was the pain consequent upon tooth extraction. I extracted other tooth that, night upon the stage without pain while th ,subjects were in the mosmnerie state. This man admits that he knew he would fool. pain; that.ho, was perfectly consoious, and: that I had given , him distinetly 'to understand that. he would fool the pain-; he did not carn, he would insist upon.having it out. It wasnot my inton tion to break the tooth, It was my wish to extract it,. but. owing to the violent resis teneo ofithis drunken man the tooth was broken off by. the ,alveolar, process. I consider it'no want of. skill on my part, since,the most skilful dentist would find it impossible to extract such a tooth uuder equalroesistance. ThoBecnhl retired for about fire minutes, and upon coming into Court the Police Magistrate stated the majori:y of the Binch wore of opinion that it was a case of nssault ;that if the plaintifflhad been guilty of, misconduct he- should have beeon hlanded.over to the .police; that Dr. Carr had no right to',tako thd law into his own hands. Dr. Carr's statomoint to the audience that he had done this to punish the plaintill clearly proved an assiult haind been commit ted, Mir.ropper, thio said, " Idissent fiom the decision of the Bench, becauso I consider that no assault has been committed as the plaintiff Was aware.that he would feel pain, thlatihe was, not misled by the defendlant, and linat defendant wished him to feel the pain'incidental'to tooth extraction. Fined 40s. Theo. defendant then. gave notice to the Bench that lie should apply. to the Supreme Court for prhibition. ''Te . PAnonaA (s.)-Once more we (Southland 1News) have tidings of .the Pareorir-thl twls.scrow steamer that started from Glasgow.somo two years ego, bound to Otago, to the order of a Steam Shipping Company formed here. Our " readers, ddubtless, remember how - the ill. starred, essel, proved uiiable to sail or stcani, from waant of fuel, through the equa. torial oalms; hows once and again she put into South American ports, barnacle and weed-covored to an unpredecented extent; and how as oftein; after sorapingand, refit. ing, she pt' to sea on her apparently inter. minable yvoyageo. Well,. it seems thlit about four months since she again made for an Americen' port' ,(Pernambuco), which Sshe 'suoeceded in reaidliitig-couvitcen months out-=with the loss of the captain, and short of provisions alid water, The crow woro anxious to leave her, but there was no one to take the respbnsibility of ending 'tli voyage of the 'Pareora by a sale fo r tihe benoefit'o ? hom'it mnight ooi'neim." So tioe p'oor fellows;'iithi no ngent'to aipply to for moneny, witli clotliin wiolrri "t tatters, were left on their own resources iintil ad. vices'ro'clied theli 'from E1agliad-r-om: polled' to tay 'by' the .crilt' or 'lsose"tbo wages . ?hu'the?tdi ' o thley, would: gut over the diflldhlt"y it was impossiile to sht5; but it was liopud lth vessel ewould be soid, Thliose particulra s rotirkeit' from'a lirivate letter, reeeivid rits g:ulaind, by a resident oflthis towsn, 'io li has placed his informina tiorn at'our disposal. ' The letter-drlos not state ihe im irniie of'ths eptiain'H ddath, TIern 'l so CaHirito AT'd 1r1 , ise i-PAN. -The ,iht fi??tir'i 'imnes of Wediueddy; the 1.th, says in- I our issue of the 2ils '.J.un, Ss act, o~r Frying 'Ph crroespondonit ribolites the loss of a little boy a year and ten moaths old, named Brown. It appears that on the previous Satorday at midday, an alarm was given that the little one had disappeared. The mother hlld left the child with his elder brother'(3 or 4 years old) beside a log in the vieoiity of the house while slhe went for ali armful of wood which was lying aboutl a hundred yards distant. She returned t9 the log in about tell minutes afterwards and found the little one had disappeared, andihis scarcely less infantine brother was unstble to give any account of him.' A search for the baby was instituted but not the slightest trace of him could be found. The hiost intense anxiety was excited by the circumstance; and the child's disappearance was looked upon as a most mysterious occurrence. It was asserted by the parents that it was ins. possible for the child to have wandered far, alone, inasmuch as ihe could not stop over an ordinary broom handle without falling down. Nearly two montli had elapsed since the boy wase missed, whoe late last week news was brought into the Frying Pan that some human remains bad been found at a place called the Rocks about a mile and a half fr'om the townshlip. It seub. sequcutly transpired that tileoremains--sia. ply i. heap of bones fiomn which every par= ticlo of flesh had disappearedl-wore those of a lchild, and from fragments of clothing found'near the spot, no doubt was enter. tained but that they were those of the poor little fellow lost two monlths ago. There appears to be a general implression that the unl'ortunnto child had been dragged by dogs to the spot where it was found. We have not ascertained who discovered the remains. TI?a SouvT S.. Is?Anoens IN Qunalns. LAND.--?ir. Thoalas Gerrad writes to thle Exrpress, on tie 14th ins:e nt :-" On Tuesday, 4th August, 1868, crossing over the .Brisbane ferry. I thought I know' one of them, and this induced me to advance and ask himn did he know an islander I named, from one of the islands I also namaed.. Though I did not pronouneo the m ai ' name very well, he qhickly sitd t. that's my brother I' a second asked' is tmy brother am thlere tooP' I told him he was. A third islander named1 another I know. They expressed an aesnous desire to commnicato by letter (for they could read and write) with their nes' bound rola. tiolis in this stiange land. I, equally anxious to serve these fine noble men, furnished them witll the means of writing, and they did write in thle depoet, and left their letters with the ferryman for me to fortiard to'their rolatio.es, wlhom I know to be good mnn,-employed on Captain Hopi's sugar plantation at Cloveland.' When I got .the' letters I found the addresses so inmporfeot that I wrote proper ones, and got them envolopes and paper so that they could direct them again from my copy, to go throtigh the luanager of tihe Wcll.condue. ted plantation of lptain' Hope. Would to God all such estbahlislsients werore cou duated upon the same principles sts far as regards the islanders I No slavery there,. do assure you. But, Sir, my astonishenient was great to learn tlhut the employer of tlese men in question in the dopot, had ftailed. They hlad agrooeed to serve three years, and had served, duly and truly half ofl the time. Thle enmployer having fidled, olrcourso those islanders were atl perfect liberty by the la', and could delisandl a passage homes. A wo. man in the depot said to mee !' but they do lnot cknow this." True, they might not b:. lbre they heard hler say so, and I oll'frd to take them as relieved from their former engagemet. I was askecdi'f Ias prepared to give £9 per undl dfor tlhemee, if not I could not have tlihem, s they ivero. detained lit the depot unstil solubotly came forevward and paid that sllue le' thlem, '' that being thcir value." Now, Sir, if' this be not seivery, I do'not know what is, sand I thuble cll puib lie .ttention to this state of' thilngs, and plead for Ilthio fino men, .not savages, but Christians." FalliAls oF A DUNATIO.-A- local journal states that a person eonployed in the Ararat Lunatic Asylum has experienced the nischieovous tricks to whlich lunatics sometimes resort, HIe was sitting at work nonr thie lmachinery, when one of the patients came quietly upito him and asked him to gat up and lot hima sit down. At this request the occupant 'of the seat smiled,' but, paying no lirther hIed to tile demand, was proceeding with his business, lhen l'his attentign w?eae again iclled to this subject by ca treomndous blow .on the eye, the wishes of thlcpatienit behig yet further exprossed*by otlier blows, Wlhilch folldowed in rapid succession,' Tlihe sound of osufflinlg reached the ears of tile attendaent almost immotliatuly, and tise niuseularo eihbrof the seat was ' cecommodated. as edon as possible with a stand in a nhth, whloe tihe cooling "ahordr 'ln dobubt ',aetd, iil a vel'y biiellciaenl ,vny ili dampising lis, ardour lebr cooielictl '?lhe bloew wavs ia very viohlsihtono, tho flesh rousnd thee nlitnl's ey' ecitig as clelinly culit oist' s tblooghlrl thL operlstiso had boon plrlbrme d wiltha c li le il'o, ' P.ROcctIk.N POLrIT10 hL A dbOTi'tiON;- The usual, w'slokly'micoline ( of thie 'assouilh lion wilhdl(dl last voli'ie ing ithe l l tliuratt steeroc Sclhoolroome, Thla presideint of tihe assoialtion occupied thise elhii'.. '.L]ho`iniutcus of the previouci s ilmeelting eore rcCi tIl y the suo'ulauly Ilandl cuulirlelud,' lThe seretlary, lthld read lt' report Oi ties couui.il, whlicui rcelocisuinded tile untabllishaiont ol blrialiua of thie isseocitioi set Jlnthurst and tjalinuiu, &l.;, lsipllt'itionne for ith sanulue 'iv lg, bWeui received from residents at both places., Tho following letter was also read tothe moet lng:--".Randwvickl 15th August, 1808. My dear Sir,-I see Mr. Woolfrey delivers a lecture in the Masonio Hall, on Monday evening, on ' The Holy Catholic Church,' .&.. LHad I the power of hearing him I should certainly attend; but it would be useless. It would perhaps-be desirable that somebody should go anld (ake accurate notes, and if it is worth unswering he shall not want a man. His being put up to leea tore is a Iproof that ours has told. ' They soldom come out, until they ore absolutely forced by the ceffect of something on their oKn ipeople, I am rather curious about the line of argiument lie will takle up. I think he will keel) as cloer as possible of mine. Yours, fiithfully, Ztcisrny UAallY." The letter was addressed " to the President of the Association." The'chairman drew at tention to an advertisement which had ap. peered in the daily papers during the week respecting the vacancy in the representa tion of the Canterbury electorate. ioe had seen Mi'. Pomenll's letter intimating Isis re sigultion, and he consildered it behoved the members of the association to use their cn deavours to get a gentleman returned for the electorate who would not only bea Pro testant, but who would uphold the Educa tion Bill iii its resent slhape. 1{e believed the time would coinsme when this association would have branch associations in erory eloctorate in the colony, and would be as powerful as the Victorian Association, through whose instrumenutality the M'Cul. locll Ministry had been re-elcclted in every instance. The Council, lie might say, had takens steps to communicate with any can. didlte who smightofb'r himself for the Can-. turbury electorate. lie know that the Speaker of tite Legislative Assembly haud not received tihe resignation o Ma'l. Peiesoll, but the document was in the hands of' i gaentleomn, who was emrpowered either to place it in tlie Speaker's hands at once, or withhold it for a time as he thought proper. The chairman also drew attention to the forthcosming election of throeo fr a newly. crealted ward lit RIedelrn, and exlpressed ia lihope that any ,nomcbers of the association who might have a vote i i the ward would exert themselves to got suitable men re turned. Mr. William Maguire informed the meeting that he had obtained the opinion of counsel upon one of the clauses in the Party Procession Act; and accord. ing to that opinion it was contrary to the provision of the Act for the Holy Cantholic Guild to walk in procession, oven sit finse rals, and those who took part in such pro ccs-ions were liable to be prosecuted. Mo. lions were thou passed instructing the soc. rotary to communionato with the Melbourno Piotestanu Political Association, and also nnauthorising the council to takes stops towards tihe formatlon of brunch' assooiations at Ball main and Bathurst. Voealy one hundred ad ditional members were initisatedlduring the evening. The proceedlings wore closed with three cheers for the Queen.-llorald of Saturday. VoLsusTIEcRINo.-oTho rage for volun teering is greatly on the increase, not only. iii the metrololis, Ibut also in the country districts. 'lhiso ighland lBrigatde-of which we have boasrd so much of late-is. not pi'ogressing sas satisfisatorily ias some would desire. The exclusiveness with which it is endeavored to organisb the brii gade is giving great ollbsco; lbr, while the rules admit tse sons and gransdsons of Scothl enll, no mlatter vlwher born, they, ex elude those of Scotch wnomen, even ifl born in Scotland. The result is it pretty squab ble on the question. We hIar .nothing more of the I orth of Ireland Drigado ; per, halis bcitdse they were threatoned with a South. of Ireland Brigalde, or picrhaps a Tilpperary one. The loyal.ilnhabitnstss of Kiuian i' are nxious to figure upon ia colonial army list, Iand attemplts fire breing made to fbrs i a body of volunteers in that muilk and butter district; and; ifaucOcssAful we would advise theml to call tlhmesolvcs the .' Loyial Kifiuni Grays." No .doubt, lin case po a hostile invasion, this brigade would giv's a good accountt of.itself, espccially if the Iresent Colonial Sucretary happened to be still ini oiceO whenl they miglit be allowed to chanug their naulu. Intos .that of thlI l' loyal Kiiima Grays." Esvoi ii .Bai:hui'st, beyond thoe tlus Molnitlins,'wo real. that ia body of volunteers are abouat to be en rolled; for .what purplos we cannot under. stand, unless it be to pasrat bolbro tlhe Ministers whenever they visit the ametro polis of the West. The Ministerial piss. nlcing ground .will, no doubt, extend that tar wshou the railwayuis opened to Bathirst. .But while bodies of voluntoers are spring ing upl throughout the country, it must not be imagined i ll this is done witlh. out moley i on t rary, thIs voluntoleo t'lbosi' ilreidy i co S o . ecuiltry several thousands l'pounds pirt annum and this suns inireasias i'lory, yoeui'. We olin se solune soes's inll escouraginsg volunteers in Sydlusy, b6t Wo canilsot seile use of thello in thu fruOlo .town to o thio interior.--.Prea. muai's "domraJrnal. MAlha FeLouns-- Wa (IBraidwoed dis patch) lshao luid selt to aus lrom l M'oruyn, is sthspll of flour, sinueulsettlursd frolm tiho white maiize which has bhis recenitl intro. dueud flromi America, and which will in a sliort tlltl be nlioat . exLstirely cuitii'vated oni tile ccoast lauds. 'TIse flour of uhich weii, hluad a siiunlila is isnaulaoctutred by Mr, Shlli sou, the Billier, oa' M\oiruyi, - ii ppeliri'sce is dill' his in.n wsay fromal the liluest whl10eite lloilr, isid' ioe beliuve miikes n vory good loif, psrh.p: not so pala'tbhlo 1.t;lirst to thsoss wo shave blbon aousetomod o.ily to ,., .. wheaten broad, but eventually the tasto be.. comes adapted to it and it becomes every bit as palatable as'the wheaten, and quite as wholesome, if not more so. The culti vation of this white maize, of which there are two kinds, tlho Susqueanna and some other, and its general consumption, will rendor the residents of the coast districts. entirely independent of the growth of wcheat, for which the climate of lhte years has not proved itself very well adapted. Already the manunfature of this maize into thho most proepared form of flour has eeon very successill at Merrimbula, lwhere it is superseding the importred corn flour from Atmeric. Mr. George Weber of Nelligen," we observe, has lput upi nn Ameriena horse power mill for the grindints of the maize grown by the farmers of that neighbourhood and since the mill has beeoon at work he o has had a large quantity to grind from the surrounding settlers. Tien Mool CouNT.-The Brisbane Cots. ricr of Thursday last contains the following paragraphs :-" t is pretty well known that the illustrious stranger who lately honoured our poor city withl his presence, under the style,; title, and dignity of the Count von Atetms, is the individual who, in our Sydney telegram on Tuesday, was said to hare obtained large advances in that city, on flititious papers. We are sorry to sany that he managed, during his short stay . here, to walk.into the good graces of some of our citizens, andtl to make rather Ihoavy drafts oiln Ilir bankers. 1-His coimtship, it iwill be remembered, left Blrisbano in that renobwnd craft, the IHamlet's Ghost, the history of which vessel ought to be writton somet day ; andit hie as last- beeon hard.of at Cleveland Bay. A warrant is out for his apprehension, and troopers have boeen., dispatched overl'and from Port Donison to. secure him if possible before Ite makes a des. cett on our friends at IBatavii. We failed to notice tile Count as deserved lwhen Ithe was in Brisbne; linbut should he visit us again, es tecially with the order which tlhe Sherill'f ol' Queosld desires. to confer on hint on his breast, and Ai'. Seymour's do. corations att his wrist, we shall endeavour to make amends for our former negloect of San Altesse." J.Lt.-uslo BULOIcs,-TI e A.nmidale Ex. press says that .on Sunday, 11th instant, ai few abioriginals, consisting of one old man, several ginlls, ad some children, wore cittaped at a spot a fos miles from Arltil. dale,,who i throe whlito lads atteioled lihels,. The old man was beatonseveorely, and threatened to be drowned, and one of the gins was almost crippled by. bloi, . Thi.'s old blankets .and spare clothing of thet blacks were torin up or burned, and an olipossum rug and a tomalhaik vero'e crried.: oil. It is a pity that suobhbui tal conhduce to a few blaclks ' who, while oaiipi'si at'. , another. place for about- tiwo months pro. vioutly, were very quiet ,and inoffofnsiv should pass without the punishimentit;i 'd.,i serves, A mtbro dastardly not can scaroply' , be conceived,. Tt.O0.osr oFdlha RECtrHPToN oF' ,paNOe AroTno in VIorooiin.-Nowl that the oCr.!, poration accounts are being sottled in tlhe. ' up.counntry districts of 'Vitoria, we learn frlom Saturdny's Arguts that the expenses, connected ivith the rccoeption ofaihis Royal' Higliness the Duke of Ediinburgl areolikoly. to form theo subjeot of ltather lieen discus. sion, On Friday, a deptitution represnting the municipal bodies of Ballarat, Si?dhurtst, Castlemaine, and Geolonig had an inter. view with the' Chief Secretary for the purr.. pose, of asking an increouse in tlle sibsidy allocanted by.. tlie lteceptioit Comlnissiont to those towns, It appears that ito stun voted by' thie Oo'mission to these loaltios was somniwhere about. £5000, itnd that the, amount actually slipnt 'ris nabiut £22,000,' Thie deputation declared that it would be too great a tax on their, own resources to itmako up.t Ile. dillretce, Mr, r. l'Culloek pIromised to bring the. miatter before: the IReception Commission, but. held out no .; Ihopes of more moneoy being voted. 'Theo dilferoet - bodies :kneow the stinls., : titnt Ihad boon allounted to thoen by the, commise ioln, and. ought to have bedn careful to keapl their expenditure wiithiln. their, resources, It is to. be hopoted that Parlia.: tritit till support Afri l' Opullock: in his Ili decision. T'e oexponditure in most of tihe towns. wast .unaccountably. la'rge Itn Blallartt.it amounted to £10,000, and' it, would be troll to know if this, includes' the : Royal Alfred ItHall, which is now beoisng turned to profitable account, . In Castle. maine and Goolong, wtuhr the Prince only, stayed about twentylfour hours,, the expenditure was £3000 at each .piince. It is manifiest that the Du)ke of EIdinlburgh and his suite did not require an expenditure of £8000 in one dtiy, and its a groat part of the suot must have bees oxpcnded' in the gratifloation of local vanity--ii the oxalta tion of msayors, councillors, autd other dignitaries, it is but rightttVlt the localities shonul hour the expense, itas they enjoyed thoe pleasures and honours arising fromt it, JUVINII, Na ENDIAIIIS.-T .. j ll lral, coreoslpollndlt of thise Ari'tos states that.two bo3?', tnamed Jutttnea Itoothlaau and Janoes Tyson, aged 12 anat 13 years respeotively. i uenstody ont it, c.hrge o?' ul"itvitg wilfully, anud itmaliciolusly set 11I te antit burned down the Iresbyteria sehool.ibouso in Eurokta.' street, ot Ito 110t1i ultimo, wure iplcett belore .the BIlenth oil 1Fridlay, The uvaloeur'e tvitof It very convincintg unture, bouth the'younlg ettlplrits havilng. dnitted to sirteral otbh?r. boys that they .had' set the V place onil fire, The lonquni hadr no altornativea but ton commlt theta for trial,but allowodthombail. 