THE CHAMPION FEDS. Br A LOOKEE-ON. Since the memorable meeting between Mesa re. Harrison and Moont, no event in the pedestrian world has created greater interest and been productive of a greater difference of opinion as to the respective merits of the com petitors and the result, than the match between Higgins and Cosack last Saturday. The < prestige of the champions was great, the amount at usne considerable, and there was the rivalry between the metropolitan and the . up-country partisans of each champion which . made the match town and country talk for months previously. Professional pedestrianum has rank so low in public estimation of late years, that it is pleasant at last to be able to chronicle a match for '* money, that root of all evil," which has from the first deposit been conducted, I firmly believe, on the u fair and square principle. Everybody knows the stereotyped creations which are usually asked when professional peds meet in that light and airy costume which displays the muscular powers to the anxious gaze of an admiring publio and knowag critics at the starting-post T*Which is towin? Will it end in the usual way, a "barney ?" Are the losing party deter mined itBhall be a case of "win,tie,orwranjlef" Was tljere ever a professional match run during the last ten years in which this " idea" diduot prevail jn~ the minds of ninp-tenths of those assembled to witness the revolt ? Are not bookmakers looked on with suspicion when they fey 5to4 or 2 to 1P If inclined to back your judgment, are yon not prompted to caution by tile thought that your friend with the metoilica, who is bo anxious to write your nana, in his bode for a first or jao, ** knows aometfaing p" Which of the men has been M got »t?r' you involuntary nek yourself. You scan those splendid muscles standing out in bold relief, (bat j^ne. broad chesty you note the .tye* full of life and til? niady glow of l)^hjoii the cheek,' speaking ,ot strict training .iutdnd Istehoursordissipation.' You hare *|tfcked your favourite, buthesitate aga!n to ipick your opinion. You fefel iojre he pan win, but you alsb think it not improbable he has bees "gdt at;" you remember some very questionable running on previous . occasions, when you were on the right man - as yon : thought, but lost your money. "? You raoali to : jnind jonr " favourite's antecedents in the: world of profewionaj pedestrianiun, and yoa gain little o<?nfidenoe from the memory of the 1 past Apd jf you arq wisei, in nine pases o^it of ten you depline to speculate. Again, if you! take an ipterost in the sport from a pure love j 6F it unalldy^ by consideration of baspr metal, are' yoti not disgusted alter witnessing a feplendfd contest between t#b noted runners, attd Beeing one Wia by a yardtath* |*>6t-are you uot ditgustad,and doubly disgusted, to read, perhapfe a Mr days after, that this. close struggle waa fmarr&ORed;, that the losfcr was Car superior totbevictpn bUttUtlbeflwejrfa ran to su|t pertjun ,pju*»ee ,wbp bad mongy .f»t-pW. JM&: A ..&$> W; mm ap dull you,: did not;4»«>»«f «jwodle; fo arM>tioslly was it got «p and managtsdthat fawsaw throtaghthe ^w>oeeding,andtto meet; vw/UUMU vm ,4-W " -!. I .>... ?> wH ,-vt : r" i it not that I hope it inaugurates a long reign of professional pedes trianiam, I, would npt trouble?you with these remarks. Let but the public gain confidence in die bona fides of pe destrianism, and it will meet with publio sup port. Then .might we see, as in cricket, "gentlemen and professionals run together; F6r why not P Gentlemen ride against professional jocks in Great' Britain, sod why not !;entlemeh rfln against jprofesatorials here P The atter can be respectable; they, can be above suspicion} they would fl/id 'it1 (iay best, for, in'the 3dbg run, honestyu'tbebest policy. But beware of the bookmakers, 'beware of the ring. (Betting is the leprous spot oil the body of athletic sports, which'threatens in the oourse of time to dertroy the whole.. It has!rained ithe P. £. inEnglanfl, it hft& givenprofeasidnal jpedestrianismja kapok-do,wn blowthere, and it ^hfeatene to annihilate ^heTur/.Tfoe knowing . ohj Saturday laid 2 to 1 on a man who inever ha^ the ghost of. achance, Ibut it was, I feel convinced, all bond fide betting on the faith of a trial. Oh, those private trials!. How often do they,prove "a, delusion and a snare." s I' hear another match is on the iapti, ifr which Biggins Will rheet a foeman mdre worthy of hie steel. May I be again a looker-on. Hiooms Aid) CUSACK agaih MATCHED. At a sporting house in Melbourne, on-Monday laBt, the .relative merits of Higgins and Oasack ?at various distances being under discussion, a friend of Cusack declared himself not satis 6ed, and offered to back him against 'Higgins for £100 to ran 160 yards on a metalled road. This was instantly accepted, £50 a side staked, and the match made without the slightest demur on either side. The parties- met on Monday evening, made the whole of the stakes good, tossed for choice of naming the con vincing ground, and Cusack winning, named* the Brighton-road, in the vicinity of the' Eleternwick Hotel. Accordingly, on the fol lowing day (Tuesday last) all parties met by appointment, and a suitable 160 yards was found. Mr. George Watson agreed to act as judge, and Mr.B. W. Wardill as starter. Mr. Wardill effected an excellent start, and the men got away at a great pace. Cusack led by two yards, and seemed all over a winner. Higgins, nothing daunted, braced up every muscle and nerve, and after a splendid race for 100 yards caught and passed Cusack, and although the latter struggled Bbsperately to the finish he was beaten by three yards. Time, 16sec. ATHLETIC SPOETS MEETIXG.-The pro gramme of this meeting, which is fixed for Easter Monday, will be found in another column. It will be Been there is «n alteration this time in it, three of the races being open to all comers. The prizes are on' the same liberal scale as formerly, and under the same efficient management there is every prospect of the meeting being as successful as any that have preceded it. 