\", . GOVERNMENT. OAZKTIK. : ' '' "Â I The following ?etlfioatioaa ara promulgated Ia the hut G!.Euf.a:- . ' EXTBNSIOV or PoLick AOT,-Tho Polioe Act is ex- tended to Camperdown. THE ALLKOKD SHOAL NB a POBT. EnpnBKS- ' LifuteLant Gowlland, in command of the Kew South Wa'ea M»iino Survey, reports that tho suspected shoal reported by Captain Gills, of the brig Mary, hal no exlstenoe. The report will he found elsewhere. PARISH ROADS.-lt is proposed tt make tho follow- ing roads, and all objections must be lodged with tho olerkofthe Executive Oounoil within ono month from thia date:-Th rou (th Thomas Parnoll'a pre-emp- tive purotiase of 316 sores ia County jf Nandawar, polios dlettiot of Gunaodah ; from the . ro»d from Sydney to Rooky Point (George's River), end from the north boundary of Maredon's (now Joh« Law sm's) to the Western, Road t also from Boorowa ta Padman e Greek, being; pert of the rood from Boorowa to Gunning ; from Walcha to Orundunby; from the Bandielaand Broughton Greek road, being part of tho road from tho Kangaroo Ground to the Southern Bail way, from the Maaloay Hirer to the Bellinger River, and from tho .Shellharbour and Ta ngarr a Oreeb road, boin? pact of ibo road leading towards Mount Murray (Wingeoarribbee) The following ard confirmed, : and all olalme for compensation must bo srnt in within forty days from the 8th instant i-From Karaak Flat to the Manning Hiver; from a reserved road to the road from Toss to Boorowa ; from River- atraet, in the village of U'Lran, to the'north-west corner ot Donald Stewart's 46 acres ; from the road between yarravel and Sherwood to Dingay Creek ; part of the roads from tho,Farren .Grounds to Hutton Forest ; from Ihs Manly Beaob and Pittwater Road to the Balgowlah and Pittwater Road ;. and from the north- east corner of George Humphrey's to the north-west, corner of James Osborne's land. The following have been formally oponed-From tbe Monsro Road, hear ita junction with the Karaeraka Road, to the eastern boun- dary of the Twofold Bay Company's laud ; from Aps- ley, Campbell's Bivor, to O'Connell's Plains; and from the Post Office, Bodalla, tn the town of Bega. . ' Penna POUND.-The Court of .Petty. Sessions at Moree ha've appointed Bambie as a place for the creation of a publia pound, '?'? ¡ ' TBNDÏBB INVITXD.-Teodora aro, invitod by the Treaauror, until the 10th ipstaot, for the supply of sur- veyors', materials. : LicartsiD funvaïOn.-Mr.' William Edmund Ben- nett, of K vd ney, bas boen licensed as a surveyor under th* Real Property Act. ' " NEW PUBLIC SOUOOL.-An application has been re-' eeivod by tho Counoil of Education for. the establish- ment of a publio school at Kyla. ' SIDNKT .QtjARTan Sessions.-The next Court ! sf Quarter Seaeions at Sydney will bo hold on Monday, thefith Ootober. . SALES OF LIASES or Eons.-A supplement to the Government Gazette of last evening;, contains a: eohedule of ninoty-nine hlocks of Crown land, now leases of whioh having five years to, run, will* ba offered for sale under the Crown Lands Occupation Act of 1861 on the ßth proximo. . LXCTOBB.-Last nigbt a lecture was delivered by Mr. P. It Holdsworth, on tho principles of the Sydf ney Starr-Bowkett Building Socioty, in the seoiety'a mom, 282, Pitt-street, opposite the School of Arts. There was a very ..'good attendance,: Mr. David M'Bea th was called to the obair, and introduced .tho lecturer. Mr. Holdsworth commenced by noticing several letters on the eubjeot whioh' had appeared in the Sydney daily journals, whioh letters'ho attacked with considerable vigour. He then proceeded very elaborately to expound the principles of the Starr Bowkett Society. This society, he stated, was different from other societies, in that thoy placed tho borrower on equal footing with tho lendor. Thero were no paid directors or trustees belonging to the society ; all tho officers, with tho exception of the seoretary, were honorary. The shares of this sooiety aro one thousand in number; that is single shares at tho rate of 2'. Od. per week, or in other words fire hundred donblo shares at 5s Od. per week. As soon as sufficient money is accumulated the appropriations, eaeh for £300, will commence to take place, and these will be disposed of by ballot and auotion alternately. Tho way in which the ballot will bo taken is, the shares will all be num- bered; a person having only a single share in tho society must, in order to tako an appropriation, which is not leis than £300, enter into partncr it woro with another member who has a single sharo, and thoir two shares combined will entitlo them to £800 between them, or £150 oacb. These single shares having been joined will bo numbered os ono share, and all tho. shares will bo numbered, and, the number entered in the society's books. Balls will then be numbered to eorrcep nd with tho numbers of the shares, and will be plaeed in a box. A person :will then be appointed to draw; ho will then draw a ball, and tho person tho number of whoso shore corresponds with that on the ball drawn. will be entitled to an appropriation which he will receive immediately, and pay back at the rato of IC per cent per annum, until tho whole of the money is paid off. There will be twonty-f. ur appropriations during tho first year, but' the number will increase yearly, so that at the' end of eleven years and a half the wholo of the members will have received appropriations. The subscrip- tions will then bo repaid to tho members, and tho member who rocoivod the first appropriation will be the last to be paid baok tho amount of his subscriptions, and tho last man to receive an appropria- tion will be the first to be paid back his subscriptions, the amount of which will bo deducted from the £300 or £150, as the oase may be, whiob he has received as an appropriation These sums of monoy are lent to members without any interest, and in this respect thoy are unlike the other building sooieties, whioh must from the rate of interest chargod bring ina large profit to the lenders and directors ef the society. Members may at any time withdraw from the society by giving proper notice to the seoretary, whoa his money will be refunded to him, or ho may sell his sharo to another. Ia case of a mombor - dying, all his < interest and shares in the sooiety will go to his heirs and ex- ecutors, but if no executors aro formally appointed his widow, or noxt of kin, will receive tho benSfit of his share in tho society. Mombora may have moro than one share/ and may reçoive .eparata>appropriatidn>. In tho event of a member receiving an appropriation somo timo before he may i-otualiy want it, he may either pay it baok to the sooiety, and on giving notice to tho secretary draw lt out whon ho rcquiios it, or may oxohango it with anothor mombor who has not ?'et received his sbaro. Mr. Holds wot th thon went uto details on tbo minor features of tho sooiety, such; as tho duties of officers, payment of arrears, s ouritios, &a;, and at the OIOBO of his lecture was accorded a voto of thanks, whioh, having been duly acknowledged, tho meeting dispersed At the oloso of tho mooting several oppllca.ions were mado for abaros, ACCIDENT-An ncoldont likely to ba attended With fa'.clresulteocourredvi;teidíy n o ningonboardthoship . Alanna Birnie. Tho unforiunato mun, James Byrnes, was in tho hold assisting to diechargo the ship; a case'' had been slung, and whon it bad been mi Bed a'consi- derable hoight slipped from the slings, and foll heavily upon the poor follow. Ho wis pioked up insondble, and convoyed to the Infirmary fearfully smoshod and bruised. SALB or Snottr-nornr OATTXB.-Tho sale of Messrs. Lee's pure bred short horn bulls end 'heifers by > Mr. G A.Elliot, on Tuesday last, ¡ was largely a (fonded by the cattlo breeders of tho district) and, taking into considération that tho bulle wera very young, very good prices wera' realised. The heilere wore much admired, and, after a spirited competition, tho wholo lot foll to Mr. O. B. M'Kinnon, st Goonambll. Thoy aro intended for bia prize bull John O'Groat; and tho young bulls, thoir progeny, whioh in tho course of a couple of years or eo will probably bs in the markot for salo, may be expected tolw really ilrst-olass ani- mals, as in them will bo united tho blood of tho two most popular breeders of Now South Wales and Vio ' torin, Messrs. Lee and M'Dougall. Mr, M'Kinnon's bull John O'Qroat ought, and no doubt will, through those heifers, produco stock unequalled by anv in tho colonies for stud purpoaes.-Wagga Wagga EXUBCBS ' Some days slnco, a person, about S feet 10 inches in height, of a dark, sallow (omplcxlori, drctccd in black, and with the general appearance of a half starved lawyor, arrived ot luveroll, and introduced himself OB a cattle purchaeer for an cxlcwtlvo firm shipping to New Zealand. This perion put up at tho luvt roll ilotol. beoamo Intimato with the Invotell " ton," played aristocratic airs and billiards, parti ok of tho beat .of ? cheer, was molt llloral in his thOHts for creaturo oomforls, and, In foot, was considered eligible for a friendly teat, on tho bench ; but all friends must port,and, Ilka Banrjuo's ghost, this important poison vanished, forgetting alike his debts for worldly comfort and of honor. Host Heffernan will havo to add »to his juge of losses, as will also tho bllliatd marker and other friends, 0 temporal Omore* I 