THE PUBLIC LIBRARY. No.II. A subject of even still greater import- ance than the classification of the books in the Public Library is their preserva- tion. A great deal of care, we have no doubt, is taken to keep the volumes in as good a condition as possible, for we have rarely met with a flying leaf or a loose cover. It is not, then, to any neglect of the books that we have to refer, but rather to the possi- bility of large numbers of them disappearing altogether. Though the losses have been fewer within the last eighteen months than they had been previously, pilfering has by no means ceased, and the facilities for it are as numerous as ever. If we look to the experience of other places we shall find that Melbourne is no exception in this respect, but, on the contrary, the losses elsewhere have in some cases been so considerable that we should neglect no means of guarding against an evil which may at any time assume similar pro- portions amongst ourselves. It is notorious that books and manuscripts evidently pro- ceeding from public establishments, abound in every large collection, and are ordinary objects of commerce in every country of Europe. When M. Libri, whose cause célèbre will be remembered by bibliophilists, was gathering proofs for his defence, he collected in a short time, amongst the stock of a few booksellers, and forwarded to M. de Falloux, upwards of 200 volumes stamped with evi- dence of such an origin. In the British Museum are thousands of such books, and it is a curious incident in the prosecution we have just mentioned that one volume (Origine degli Volgari Proverbi, Venice, 1526), which M. Libri was charged with having stolen from the Mazarine Library, is now in the British Museum, and though it has the Mazarine stamp upon it, there is good evidence that it had previously belonged to George III., and that it has now been for nearly fifty years a portion of the collection called the King's Library, which George IV. presented to the nation. But a still more remarkable example of this kind is that of one of Montaigne's letters, which was some years ago abstracted from what was then the Bibliothèque Royale. So completely was this theft accomplished that even the catalogue had been blotted to efface the record of the letter. The manuscript several times changed hands, and its last possessor actually forwarded it to the Library, begging to know if it had ever belonged to it, and giving the evidence of M. Gouget, to the effect that it had formed part of the Dupuy collection, and yet the answer was that " toutes re- cherches faites ils pouvaient affirmer que la Bibliothèque du roi n'avait jamais possédé et ne possédait aucun autographe de Montaigne." Strange to say, however, it has since been proved not only that the letter in question formerly belonged to the Library, but that another still exists there, and that a third, which at one time belonged to the same establishment, exists in the British Museum. We need hardly remind anyone who takes an interest in this subject of the loss of a precious MS., which contained some of Dante's unpublished poems, and of the appearance of a certain autograph of Molière at a public sale. But there are on record robberies more daring than any of those we have mentioned. At Lesneven, for instance, M. Ravaisson, Inspector-general of Public Libraries, says in his report, addressed in 1840 to the Minister of Public Instruction, that he found no remains of its former library. At Saint Pol-de-Léon, all that was left of the arts and monuments of this city, the centre of a rich district, were its clock and cathedral ; its literature and its library had disappeared. At Dol a rich li- brary had vanished, saving a few books, which had been preserved from a continuous course of robbery, to be delivered over to the rats, whose teeth were proving as destructive as the literary taste of their predecessors. Even in Paris, in one single library in 1834, the keeper of the printed books reported that in his department there were as many as 4,248 works which were incomplete, owing to the absence of one or more volumes of the set, and that the number of volumes thus missing was 11,530 ; and the assistant-keeper of MSS. estimated in 1847 at 20,000 the number of volumes stolen from the same establishment which were at that time to be found in the book trade or in private collections. But France is not the only country where in- stances of similar rapacity could be found ; everywhere the French axiom, " Voler un livre ce n'est pas voler" has been adopted, and everywhere it has been put in practice with wonderful success. Various means have been employed from time to time to preserve the treasures of certain libraries. In the middle ages strong locks and vigorous anathemas were used to secure some of the most valued volumes ; and it is related that some suspected books were even fastened to their shelves with stout nails to save them from pilfering hands. Of these old customs, a relic has remained till now in some churches of Florence, where missals and rituals may be read under wire gratings, a simple contrivance enabling the reader to turn over the leaves. The Abbé Barthelemy had recourse to still stronger measures, having actually taken away with him to Italy the key of the col- lection in his charge, lest the inferior officials should not use sufficient caution during his absence. The Jesuits, on the contrary, contented themselves with an expedient which, at least in our day, would appear harmless enough, and which consisted in erecting a mock gibbet in their colleges, with the following macaronic inscription referring to the fate of the victim who was dangling in mid-air :— " Aspice Pierrot pendu Quod librum n' a pas rendu Si librum reddidisset Pierrot pendu non fuisset." We cannot recommend any of these means to those who make laws for the Melbourne Library. In the present age of printing, no work in the collection is worth the least of the great tomes which formed the literary opulence of mediæval convents. It would hardly be worth while, then, and it would certainly be inconvenient, to use gratings or nails, or even ecclesiastical thunders, for the safety of any of them. It would be still more inconvenient if Mr. Tulk were at any time to act like the author of the Jeune Anacharsis; and if it would not be inconvenient, it would certainly be absurd, in our degenerate days, to think of frightening light-fingered book- lovers from their evil practices by any such device as that which served the turn of the reverend followers of Loyola. The sugges- tion we have to make is one which would be valuable for various reasons—the addition of a few officials of a certain class to the pre- sent personnel. We shall explain what we mean. The library of Melbourne requires, beyond doubt, a larger number of employés than it now possesses. Many persons we know are of opinion that there are already too many of them, and they grudge these really hard- worked public servants their two holi- days in the year ; but no notion can be- tray more ignorance of the machinery of such an institution. The staff as at present con- stituted is ridiculously inefficient for any of the purposes for which a staff exists. All the assistants and attendants now employed would be required to perform the duties of police necessary in a library open to the public, and the other occupations which are not of a literary or clerical character. Were the functions of those officials limited in this way, we should certainly hear less of those depredatory visits which are sometimes paid to the library, if, indeed, the works which it contains were not thereby rendered quite as safe as the libri catenati of former times. But it is not alone in numbers that the present employés are unequal to the task im- posed upon. It is no disparagement of inferior officers to say that they are unfit for the higher duties in which the librarian must constantly need assistance. To render really intelligent and useful service of this kind, is what, perhaps, could be expected of but a very limited number of persons in the colony. Some acquaintance with most of the arts and sciences, and with the principal dead and living languages, would be neces- sary; but this is not all — a considerable know- ledge of books and libraries, such as is rare even amongst educated Englishmen, should be united with these attainments. Biblio graphy, the ars magna of the Germans, is little cultivated amongst us. People are not yet sufficiently aware of its necessity. This is hardly to be wondered at, to be sure, for the accurate study of books as books is of comparatively modern date. In the ages of manuscript—that is, of rare manuscript—when crowned heads could not borrow a book to be copied with- out giving security for its return, there could obviously be no place for and even no possi- bility of such an art. In later times, when writing had ceased to be scarce, but printing had not yet been invented, books might be divided into those that were known to men of learning and those that were known only to a few. The work of the bibliographer was no more called for then than in the former age. Now that books have multiplied to such a wondrous extent, it has become of the last importance, but few as yet seem suffi- ciently to realise the fact. The neglect, indeed, of bibliographical research in England has up to a very late period been so lamentable, that it has on more than one occasion proved injurious to our national reputation. As an instance, we may mention that Lalande, in his Biblio- graphie Astronomique, talking of Hood's book on the Globes, published in 1590, says, "L'astronomie commençait a percer en Angle- terre." The ghost of Tycho Brahe could have told him of some Englishmen of the six- teenth century more worthy of his notice, and of an earlier date than Hood ; but he would have needed power to summon this respectable witness, or to do something else equally supernatural, before he could have written on the bibliography of a country which had taken no pains with its own lite- rary history. It is worthy of note, however, while on this subject, that amongst men of science there is in general little biblio- graphical knowledge ; exact and minute ac- quaintance with the history even of their own pursuit is rarely if at all to be found amongst them. The peu nous importe au reste, with which Delambre often dismisses a secondary point of which the settlement does not come readily to hand, has been cheerfully agreed to by his critics and his readers, and adopted as a motto by all followers of science since his time. Literary men are obliged to train themselves, more or less, in bibliographical research, but even of them it may be said that only a limited number take the trouble to make themselves really skilled therein. This art being then so rare, and the other accomplishments to which we have referred being so seldom found together, we have no doubt but it would be almost impos- sible to find persons entirely suited to perform the duties that would devolve on the higher class of officials we recommend. If we had a few, however, of the best to be obtained, we have no doubt but their very occupations in the library would add much to their stores of information, and render them in a short time very valuable public servants. one of the duties of these gentlemen (who are called secretaries in some of the libraries of Europe), beside the ordinary functions which they would have to perform, and which must of necessity be ill done at pre- sent, would be to point out to students those works of whose value or even whose exist- ence they might otherwise be ignorant, and to serve in general as polite and enlight- ened guides to those who make use of the library for serious purposes. Another would be to prevent the confusion which arises from books being misplaced. We wrote at length upon this subject in our last article, showing how grave an obstacle is thus put in the student's way, and how serious is the cause for complaint in this respect. We know well that Mr. Tulk, with all his vigilance, cannot replace every book which a careless visitor may remove from its proper position, and it is often impossible for persons who have no knowledge of the nature of the work to detect the error. A few officials such as we mean would easily rectify any mistakes of this kind, and preserve the classification as perfect as it should be. We should at least not be likely to see books in such extraordinary company as to remind us of the old joke about the Almanach des Gourmands being placed amongst the astronomical works and treatises on the differential calculus in the medical department. One of the most im- portant uses, however, of such a body would be, that in them we should have always at hand fitting men to fill the posts of librarian and sub- librarian whenever they become vacant. Though the duties of a librarian at the present day are not quite so arduous as those of an armarius of the middle ages, who had, besides his other occupations, to regulate what was read in the refec- tory of his convent, to correct faults committed in reading or chanting, and to arrange processions, yet they are of a nature which requires activity and attain- ments possessed by only a few in any coun- try. But this is not all. They demand also an intimate acquaintance with the very in- stitution which is placed in his charge. This being the case, it will be seen at once how important it is that we should have persons properly trained for the office, and how ridi- culous it would be to think there is any sacra- ment attached to the appointment which confers all the qualifications necessary for the discharge of its functions. It will not do, when we are deprived of the services of Mr. Tulk or Mr. Sheffield, to look about in dismay for a successor, and accept the best of those who may present themselves as can- didates at the time— some incapable, perhaps, whose only merit consists in one of those degrees with which the University rewards a few years' successful "cram." We should have a regular hierarchy, of which the libra- lianship would be to the employés of the establishment what the baton de maréchal is in a certain army to the humblest private of the line. A profession would thus be opened to gentlemen of learning and experience, which would be sufficiently attractive to draw into its ranks some of the material from which able officials are made, a staff would be formed which would add much to the useful- ness of the library, and a provision would be made for worthily filling the higher posts, wherenever the necessity of doing so should unfortunately arise. It is lamentable to think how far our library is behind all others with which we are acquainted with respect to the intel- lectual calibre of its personnel. We know, of course, the story about an employé in the Bibliotèque Laperiale looking for Jan- senius in the catalogue, first at the word "Senius" and afterwards at the word "Jean." This certainly betrayed ignorance enough; but we also know that in that same Bib- liotèque classic lore is (or was lately) worthily represented by M. Naudet, elegant literature by M. Magnin, Greek and Oriental Philology by MM. Pilon and Dubeux, and Bibliography by MM. Gnichard and Ravenel. We never expect to see such a pleiad of great names in the Melbourne Library; but surely we might have a few officers of a higher class than those who perform the menial duties of the establishment, and we might expect amongst them to find qualifications of which the colony need not be ashamed. While we are on this subject we think it right to say a word or two with regard to the salary of the librarian, as this matter has been touched on lately in the Legislative Assembly. Nothing more short-sighted, or even unjust, could be done, than in any way to diminish the well-earned remuner- ation at present paid to any of the officials, but particularly that to the librarian. In the highly civilised countries of Europe, where arts and sciences are held in more esteem than in a youthful colony, tormented with the auri fames, those who hold so important and responsible a position are not only well paid, but in many cases honoured in an especial degree. The Papal librarians, for instance, have at all times received great marks of favour from their employers. Thus, in 1475, Pope Rictus issued a Bull, con- stituting the celebrated Bartholomew Platina perpetual keeper of the library, and in addi- tion to his salary allowed him board for him- self and his three servants, and food for one horse. We need not, however, go so far back for an example, nor even to the time of Holstenius, Leo Allatius, and Evodius Assemani, whose appointment was celebrated by Pasquin ; most of our readers are aware of the dignities and favours conferred on Mezzo- fanti and Angelo Mai. The fact is, the labour of a librarian is essentially a labour of abnegation, which leads neither to the glory nor the fortune that the qualities he must possess might inspire him with a reasonable ambition to attain. A position at once easy and honourable is therefore due to those who undertake the task. We hope, then, we shall hear no more of those unseemly remarks upon this subject, which are as little credit- able to the "collective wisdom" of Victoria as to the community they represent. We intended in this article to ramble through the Library, and give our readers some notion of its contents. The preceding remarks have, however, extended so much further than we anticipated that we must content ourselves to-day with a mere glance at the ensemble, reserving the more detailed in- spection for a future occasion. As a collection of books, the library of Mel- bourne is emphatically the most magnificent upshot of Australian advancement—the most imposing proof of a love of culture which any of these colonies can show. We are by no means inclined to give our enthusiasm too loose a rein, but whenever we enter the Mel- bourne Library we cannot help feeling as- tounded that so much has already been done on the very spot where thirty short years ago the wild eucalyptus and acacia afforded scanty shelter to the lowest savages of our race. It is no exaggeration to say with Richard de Bury, speaking of the valuable works possessed by the Dominicans, that the Melbourne Library is "rich as the granaries of Egypt filled with wheat," and its contents are precious as "the sumptuous presents which the Queen of Sheba offered to Solo- mon." We do not mean, of course, that it is not poor in comparison with some of the great book- repositories of the world, but we mean it is a collection so well and carefully chosen, such a splendid accumulation of good things literary and scientific, that it must inspire every visitor who reflects on the circumstances of this community with sentiments of wonder and delight. It contains 47,000 volumes—a number which is by no means small, even when compared with most of the secondary libraries of Europe, and which is not reached by many public collections we could mention. The books are classed under two great heads —Man and Nature; and these primary divi- sions are broken again into about fifty sub- divisions. We have not, it is true, any rare editions, or other extraordinary curiosities, as our Library has no pretensions to be a museum of bibliographical bric-a-brac, but aims at fulfilling a more useful and elevating purpose. You would find no Valdarfer Boccac- cio here such as Dibdin relates to have been sold for £2,260 ; nor would you discover any of those much priced trouvailles, of which it is said that when the unconscious auctioneer knocks them down to a buyer, the sound of his hammer reverberates through all the learned societies of the world. Money has been much more wisely expended by those who purchased for the Melbourne Library than in the acquisition of mirabilia of this kind. We should state here that there are indeed very few books at the present day which are really scarce, that is to say, both sought after and not found. Of course, in saying this, we mean to speak of London and the last twenty years. All bibliographical writers notice the decided manner in which plenty or scarcity depends on time and place. Of Vieta's trigonometrical canon, of which Hatton had never seen or heard of any copy but his own, there are now at least eight or nine copies in England. The editio princeps of Euclid used to be described as of excessive scarceness, which is now far from being a just description. The reader who is not acquainted with this subject should be told that a book is not scarce merely because it cannot be had for the ordering; some which are so circumstanced can he obtained in a year or two ; many are pretty certain to turn up in a few months. According to the general opinion of bibliophilists, a book is considered to be scarce when it is not sold by public auction in London more than about once in three years ; but, according to others, it would be by no means a rarity if it made its appearance so often as that. We say in London, because the tide of commerce has a great tendency to bring rare works to that wonderful market, where they generally fetch the highest prices, the number of public libraries on the Continent, and the ease with which they can be used, having considerably diminished the ardour of those with whom bouquiner was once the passion of their lives. We should not perhaps say, however, that we have absolutely no literary curiosity in the library: the Queen's book, preserved under a glass shade, is an object of interest, which it may not be wrong to describe as such. Bearing the autograph of Her Majesty on its title-page, and a touching tribute of loving exaggeration to the good Prince whose memory is enshrined for ever in her widowed heart, it naturally attracts every day hundreds of eager and loyal eyes, while as a token of the regard which our Sovereign Lady enter- tains for the most distant of her subjects, it must be cherished by the people of Victoria with affectionate respect. It would show but little taste, and but a poor appreciation of this Royal present, were we to criti- cise it as a literary production. Were it meaner in this respect than it is, we should despise the man who would search for little faults in the tender outpourings of a woman's love; and were it a more brilliant contribu- tion to letters than ever came from Royal hands, we should only think it all the more beyond our praise. To us it is a palpable memorial of the gentle nature, whose sweet- ness is felt as a blessing throughout her wide dominions, and of the purity and love wherewith she once brightened the narrower circle over which the shadow of sorrow has now hung for many a year. At the present moment, when the weight of suffering is bowing down that generous heart, and change of scene and glacier breezes are thought necessary to save her valued life, the bouquet of fair flowers which she has gathered from the sunny past, and which she has presented to the colonists of Victoria, must be regarded as one of the most precious public treasures we possess. If this be considered a literary curiosity, then we have one ; but it is the only one the library can boast. In our next article, we shall undertake to show in what the wealth of the library really consists. A GREAT fire took place at Dunkirk on Tuesday evening, Aug. 4, by which the Go- vernment warehouses on the Marino Quay were destroyed, the loss being estimated at 1,200,000 francs (£48,000). No lives were lost. 