LITERATURE. TEE MOONSTONE.* The latest of Mr. Wilkie Collins s novels will scarcely add to the reputation the author of the ".Woman in White, it is even more artificial, more tricky, more elaborate, and, it must be said, more tedious. The pains taken with the weaving o! the mystery are so obvious as to make the reading of the book even fatiguing. Mr. Wilkie Collins cannot work without showing us the whole trick of his craft. He is a juggler, who performs the most curious feats,but performs them so as to make the spectators see the whole process of their deception. The art is a great deal too con scious of itself. We hear the whirr and the click of the wheels during the whole opera tion of the conjuring, and see the wires and the strings by which the machinery is moved. To write like this is not art at all, and it is scarcely literature. A novel under these con ditions becomes a mere piece of mechanism a sort of Chinese puzzle, except that it is by no means puzzling. There is not even the common element of surprise in the sensation ?which is excited in the reader. We are kept on the rack for a long time to know the secret, and when we know it it is nothing It reveals itself by the very multiplicity of the devices to keep it dark. Mr. Wilkie Collins sets out with a most tremendous display of all his implements. He .'shapes," to use a sporting phrase, exceedingly well as a con juror. He makes great play with his appa ratus, and is always preparing us for some extraordinary sensation; but itnever comes it dies away in the preparation. Materfcs siiperat opus. We cannot help admiring the wizard's get-up, his wonder-working armoury, and the general elegance of his appointments. But the trick is no trick at all. We could solve the conundrum long before it was all set before us, and when we solved it there was nothing in it. As usual with Mr. Wilkie Collins, in Moon slone the plot is everything, the charactersand the incidents nothing. The personages who move at his bidding arc mere puppets, with out flesh and blood. We see the wires by which they are pulled, and the voices which they produce are not theirs, but the voice of the man behind the show, who collects the money. In Moonstone this presti^gitateury trick lias reached its climax. Asa novel, it is the most artificial, the most stilted, the most wearisome of all Mr. Collins's works. It is not .only that the story is built up round a plot which is extraordinary and sensational, but that-the sensation is worth nothing when wfc reach it. It is highly improbable, with out being in the least thrilling. In order to set the sensation going, the author is com pelled to use means which of themselves are utterly fatal to his work as literary work. The characters, if they really per. formed the parts set down for them, could not po&sibly; exist in nature; and if they did exist, they could not do what they are *made to do. Surely a worse fault than this a literary workman could hardly commit i Glever and ingenious as the story is,, it requires ns to give up the actors to the one greit incident of the piece,' and that incident is of no interest or importance. To found a novel of model English life upon the abstraction of a large diamond from the eye of a Hindoo idol is a piece of daring which no success can justify. In the words of Mr. Snagsby, " Itdu-it really du- itduindeed!" There is a Sconce which the novelist may ?fairly ijj." tiie choice of his materials, but there is surely something due to the laws probability^** leafct to history and to geography. Let the story be ever so strangei it titinnlfl bo always possible ; for a sensation that is not possible nnder any conceivable conditions, how can we deliver ourselves up to jit It is trne that De Foe has written of a ghost, that appeared to one Mrs. Veal, in a manner which almost cheats us out of ^ our disbeliefi& ghosts^, bat then Mr. Wilkie f-ftilinn |e not De Foe. He has none of the art required to invest an improbable story with an air of truth. He is minute without being realistic, and elaborate without finish. He buil^s npjiis materials with great labour and exceeding ingenuity, but the labour and the ingenuity aremade obvious the whole fimft, and we are not deceived. There is none of thai; MlveU, that self-abandonment, whicb are the principal aids by which De Foe and other great writers of realistic -fiction produce thfir effect3" Not only Mr. Wilkie Collins himself, but all his puppets, are painfully conscious , during the .process of the reader1* myi^GBtion that they are assist ing in what fs portly fictitious. The story doesnot gn>?T« together. AH life and character aretaade subservient to the ! Of'imagination there . 1tnmran* 4YkAWfc IB AflllA. . Wfi 18 humour there is none. We i,-nor ? Mmf of the per stonris not in: nonaction* but _ } benefit*? the ml£ to eomiait, and in the w is so glaring as t? undoubted cleverness venpt#»". tber«raf«* lliw plot is ; ^abirardity. And oneappn ofa y Indian «Wt . ClitilMlffnfl true that there is one such instance on re cord-the Pitt diamond, which was dis covered by a British soldier, at the sacking of a town in the war with Tippoo Sultan, in the eye of a Hindoo god. But it is certain that it is not the habit of the Brahmins to have their gods so decorated. The so-called pre cious stones are in ordinary cases only pieces of glass, and they could not bo other wise in a country where the tbiicves are so dexterous as in India. Again, it is highly improbable that a British officer should have committed a cold blooded murder in order to possess himself of what he could not know to be a diamond. It is still more improbable' that the legend of the murder and robbery should have survived through two generations. It is in the highest degree improbable that three Hindoos of the Brahminical caste should undertake a voyage to England for the recovery of the diamond ; and it is absolutely impossible that, granting the conception of the undertaking, three Brahmins could disguise themselves, and could move about in England in the manner suggested. We say nothing as to the minor assaults upon bur credulity which Mr. Wilkie Collins makes-the involuntary stealing of the moonstone by the hero and its possession by the villain-the process by which Franklin Blake is made to believe in his own innocence, and the still more extra ordinary mode, in which the true thief is de tected and punished. The demands which are made npon the reader's imagination ex ceed the privilege of the novelist We know that the things spoken of could not have hap pened, and if they could have happened, we know that the personages engaged could not have accomplished them. Mr. Wilkie Col lins's three Indians are scarcely less absurd than M. Eugene Sue's Prince Djalma. They are utterly false and unreal. They are worse than puppets, being puppets fashioned in no sort of resemblance to living men. The other characters are scarcely more happy. The old butler Betteredge gave Mr. Wilkie Collins some opportunity of drawing a cha racter, but he has not availed himself of it. He simply twaddles, and is a tedious bore. Miss Clack, who is introduced without any occasion whatever, and who has no con nexion with the story, is intended to be a humorous delineation of the over-pious spinster. Her chief function is to deposit tracts at the most inappropriate season at the most unexpected places. She abounds in spiritual ejaculations, of which the follow ing may serve as a sample: " Oh, my young friends and fellow-sinners! ben-are of presuming to exercise your poor carnal reason. Oh, be morally tidy! Let your faith be as your stockings, and your stockings as your faith. Both ever spotless, and both ever ready to put on at a moment's notice!" She gives ghostly counsel to the chairman of the Mothers'-Small-Clothes- Conversion Society, in this fashion: "I put this view before him in a few simple and sisterly words. His joy was beau tiful to see. He compared himself, as I went on, to a lost man emerging from the darkness into the light When I answered for a lov ing reception of him at the Mothers'-Small Clothes, the grateful heart of our Christian Hero overflowed. He pressed my hands al ternately to his lips. Overwhelmed by the exquisite triumph of having got him back among us, I let him do what he liked with my hands. I closed my eyes. I felt my head, in an ecstasy of spiritual self-forgetfal ness, sinking on his shoulder. In & moment more I should certainly have swooned away in his arms, but for an interruption from the outer world which brought me to myself again. A horrid rattling of knives and forks sounded outside the door, and the footman came in to lay the table for luncheon. "Mr.Godfrey started up, and looked at the clock on the mantelpiece. "'How time flies with you!' he exclaimed. 'I shall barely catch the train.'" On another occasion she presents letter one thousand and one of the correspondence of Miss Jane Ann Stamper by way of solace to Mr. Ablewhite, senior, who has just heard that he iB left nothing under a will " I held up my precious book before him; I rapped the open page impressively with my forefinger. ' Not my words!' I exclaimed, in a burst of fervent interruption. ' Oh, don't suppose that I claim attention for My humble words! Manna in the wilderness, Mr. Able white ! l>ew on the parched earth! Words of comfort, words of wiadom, words of love tlie blessed, blessed, blessed words of Miss Jane Ann Stamper V " I was stopped there by a momentary im pediment of the breath. Before I could re cover myself, this monster in human form touted out furiously, , " Miss Jane 4*® Stamper be 1" The imperturbable Miss Clack seizes every opportunity for sowing her seed i "Here was a golden opportunity! I seized it on the Bpot. In other words, I- instantly ' opened my bag, and took out the top publica tion. It proved to be an editionr-only the twenty-fi|th-of die famous anonymous work (believed to be by precious -Mfes Bellows) en titled, 'The Serpent at Home.' The design of the book-with which the worldly reader may not be acquainted-is to show how the : Evil One lies in wait for usin all the most innocent actions of our daily ] [res. : The chapters test adapted to female " ' Satan out 01 the Wijidpw,' tow {five your attention, dear aunfc,to$ precious book-and you will gtvetneaUX' iaiki' Witt these word* I handed it to her I open, fit a marked ^assagfe-one continuous ofustofourti^g^ioquenfce! Subject j-^atftti teshrtttrtar'i®6"1 PwWons) glanced the;boS£, itfiidTOjjjffilllt, Itfck cto me, iwfcir wim.e^er.. V....... i" 'Itoi afraid, Drusilla,' she said, 'I must wait till £ amauttlefcetfcerbeforel can read uamfe, Pvejr.iM perisn^^fcllbw-creatures, the memberaof i 'it wanted tiuietandtfiat the disturbing , blinded! (working fcreacheroualr.behind. now flought to rob me of the only { right of property that my poverty could claim -my right of spiritual property in my perish ing aunt ' The doctor tells me,' my poor misguided relative went on, ' that I am not so well to day. He forbids me to see any strangers: and he orders me, if I read at all, only to read the lightest and the most amusing books. " Do nothing, Lady Verinder, to weary your head, or to quicken your pulse"-those were his last words, Drusiua, when he left me to day.'" There was no help for it bat to yield again- for the moment only, as before. Any open assertion of the infinitely superior im portance of such a ministry as mine, compared with the ministry of the medical man, would only have provoked the doctor to practice on the human weakness of his patient, and to threaten to throw up the case. Happily, there are more ways than one of sowing the good seed, and few persons are bettor versed in those ways than myself. "'Yon might feel stronger, dear, in an hour or two,' I said, 'Or you might wake, to-morrow morning, with a sense of some thing wanting, and even this unpretending volume might be able to supply it. You will let me leave the book, aunt ? The doctor can hardly object to that!' "I slipped it under the sofa cushions, half in, half out, close by her handkerchief and smelling-bottle. Every time her hand searched for cither of these, it would touch the book; and, sooner or later (who knows?), the book might touch her. After making this arrangement, I thought it wise to withdraw. ' Let me leave you to repose, dear aunt; I will call again to morrow.' Hooked accidentally towards the window as I said that; it was full of flowers in boxes and pots. Lady Verinder was extra vagantly fond of these perishable treasures, ana had a habit of rising every now and then and going to look at them and smell them. A new idea flashed across my mind. ' Oh! may I take a flower?' I said, and got to the window unsuspected in that way. Instead of taking away a flower, I added one, in the shape of another book from my bag, which I left to surprise my aunt among the geraniums and roses. The happy thought followed, ' Why not do the same for her, poor dear, in every other room that she enters?' .1 immediately said good bye, and. crossing the hall, slipped into the library. Samuel coming up to let me out, and supposing I had gone, went downstairs again. On the library table I noticed two of the 'amusing books' which the infidel doctor had recommended. I instantly covered them from sight with two of my own precious publi cations. In the breakfast- room I found my aunt's favourite canary singing in his cagg. She was always in the habit of feeding the bird herself. Some groundsel was strewed on a table which stood immediately under the cage. I put a book among the groundsel. In the drawingroom I found more cheering opportunities of empty ing my bag. My aunt's favourite musical pieces were on the piano. I slipped in two more books among the music. I dis posed of another in the back drawingrooai, tinder some unfinished embroidery, which I knew to be of Lady Yerinder's working. A third little room opened out of the back drawingroom, from which it was shut off by curtains instead of a door. My aunt's plain old-fashioned fan was on the chimney-piece. I opened my ninth book at a very special passage, and put the fan in as a marker, to keep the place. The question then came, whether I should go higher still, and try the bedroom floor-at the risk, undoubtedly, of being insulted, if the person with the cap ribbons happened to be in the upper regions of the house, and to find me out But oh, what of that ? It is a poor Christian that is > afraid of being insulted. I went upstairs, pre pared to bear anything. All was silent and solitary-it was the servants' tea-time, I sup pose. My aunt's room was in front The miniature of my late dear uncle, Sir John, hung on the wall opposite the bed. It seemed to smile at me; it seemed to say, 'Drnsilla! deposit a book.' There were tables on cither side of my aunt's bed. She was a bad sleeper, and wanted, or thought she wanted, many ! things at night I put a book near the matchcs on one side, and a book under the box of chocolate drops on the other. Whether she wanted a light or whether ! die wanted a drop, there was a precipus: publication to meet her eye, or to meet! her hand, and. to say with silent eloquence,, in either case, ' Come, try me ! try me !' But one book was now left at the bottom of my bag, and but one apartment was still | unexplored-the bath-room, which opened out of the bedroom. 1 peeped in; and the holy inner voice that never deceives, whispered to me, ' You have met her, Drasilla, everywhere else; meet her at the , bath, and the work is done.' I observed a dressing-gown thrown across a chair. It bad a pocket in it, and in that pocket I put my last book. Can. words express my exquisite sense of duty done, when Ihad slipped out of the honse, unsuspected by any ot them, and when I found myself in the street with my empty bag under my arm? Oh, my worldly friends, pursuing the phantom, Pleasure, through tbp guilty mazes of -dissi pation,' how easy it is to be happy, if you will only be good !" : Monstrous as Mr. Wilkie Collins' story is, , it is rendered more tedious in the telling by the absurd and intolerable method of letters and diaries. No one has abased this mode < of writing somucli as Mr. Wilkie Collins. The letters: and the diaries are to the last degree ^ artificial, attdinstead of tending to givfe, as wasintended, a greater air of natural^ xuess to the story, only give the effect 6f 1 elaborate preparation. Ev6n Miss <31ack '«v ond* WE;^the diaristsj 'aiid it is tl character cf&e; perforjpaiwe.: It cannot be^tttbe iwost insatiable ;ofjfche ; raadfi««f ieensatioftawvfllrfrilL life <vf swph, StplfeB«sJlteJfddjwfottO. k 95,13 ortl ind 