TURF NOTIS. The doings at M.,wbray in the mornings nro as yet of a vory limilteo oharactor, Mr. Part's string anti Tim Whifler and his oam panions being the only regular frequentors' Tim Is doing strong work; he wont a four mile brouther on Wednesdny mornltlng- afid repeated the dose on Thursday morning, the last mile being sent along. Strop since his arrival oe been kept very quiet, not having shown on the course either onl Thursday or Friday mornings; he may be awaiting the arrival of the remainder of Mr. W. Field's string, which is to take up its quarters at the family house, in Brisbano- stroot. Mr. John Field's string is (this morning reported) to take up its quarters at the Race Course Hotel. Dr. L. L. Smith's horses have also remained incoq, as far as the training ground is concerned, doing their slow work in some sequestered locality without attracting attention. Cowra is likely to be an absentee, it bring reported that she was shipped back to Victoria direct from I obart Town, it is saril to undergo a preparation for the Adelaido Cap, whilch she will stand a better chance of winning thian either of our big races. By the arrival of the Tasmania to-day information will no doubt be receioved of the horses intended for their journey; Mr. Fisher is expected to bring over Fishhook and Sour Grapes, Little Fish having been taken back to Victoria after his Hobart Town performances, is not likely to make his appearance at Launceston. Mr. Talt's three, The Barb, Fireworks, and Glen coe, are also intended. Kingfisher's appear ance is doubtful; however, Mr. Keighrsan may make up his mind to send him. Phosphorus, Tory Boy,. Nimblefoot, and Lady Manners Sutton are all doubtful; although Tory Boy is handicapped just to his Melbourne Cup winning weight, seven stone, and the Tasmanian Handicap being just his distance, if he is well he ought not to be absent from the post. The field for the Champion will probably be com posed of the following eight:-Fishhook, Sour Grapes, Fireworke, The Barb, Core, Saxby, Strop, and Tim Whitflor. There is small probability of any increase in the number of starters, the only chance for this is, King fisehr or Lady Manners Sutton being sent at the last moment. In the above list Mr. Fisher and Mr. Tait have each two strings to their bow. As it is not likely either of those gentlemen would lose a chance of winning, the second horse of each stable will most likely be sent on the ofs chance. In the Leger Sour Grapes will most likely be the Marybyrnong representative. Dr. L. IL. Smith's stable furnishes L. L., while fMr. Tait's colors will very likely be carried by Glencooeif con sidered good enough; if not by Fireworks. Those three gentlemen have the race amongst them, not a single Tasmanian horse being op posed to them. Of the Two- Year Olds, the five remaining in are likely to be found at the post. For the Tasmanian Handicap the field will he taken from tie followingsoeven-Strop, Saxby, Cora, Jewel, Deception, Sour Grapes, Lancashire Witch, always supposing Tory Boy does not make his ghost like appearance at the lost moment. T'he first day's racing will determine which of the above will be ab-. soetees on the day. Out of the twenty-seven nominations for the open handicap, only about four so far may be considered non-starters, namely-Queen of Diamonds, Grace Egerton, . Erie, and Tory Boy. r All the others, so far as information is obtain able, being in work, preparing, for the fray, and for a local incident will create more er.. citoment. Its bigger brothers the 'Tasma nian,' is no question a very, popular race all over the country, for there is scarcely a dis triet unrepresented, each locality. having its favorite nag, gives the race a local feeling:, generally, apart from the owners of the horses engaged in it. Launceston begins to feel at little racy like: small knots do congregate to disnuss the drawing. of the last sweep, or pro pound the momentous question of " What's to win." The visit of the Prince, and all the hubbub and turmoil connected therewith, is gradually being swallowed up and lost sight of in the speculative anxiety as to whether The Barb can knock over Tim Whiffler at weight for age, or if Fireworks can upset the pot on the pair ; and in the great discussiops , going on, in places where sech things do take place, the three outside nominations of poor Tasmania are lost sight of, and left quite in the dark. But who can'tell-it's not over yet. The only thing doing on the course in the way of booths is the bar in the saddling read dock. There is ample time to get up those B that were sold, and others that will no doubt! 3 be negotiated for prievaiy, tenders being called for those not disposed of by publio auction,. The paucity of the bidding by pub- licans indicates that booths on a? race course are not so much sought after,, as in years gone by when ten was the snm' t total, and numberless publicans paid -their: a soes. for a chance to get one of them. Now, a that our racing has arrived at such excellence., and become of sufficient consequence to s attract and obtain nominations from- the e Australian colonies, the non-disposal of the y whole of the booths can only be-bo attributed u to one of two reasons, viz., either the class of,. a people who attend race courses at the present! a day are much more abstemious than those of -former years, or the publicans of the present day cannot afford to pay the price the. e itowards consider thoe stands are worth. " e o Feb. 7. 