OPENING OF PARLIAMENT. J BRISBANE, Wednesday, Nov. 18. THE Purl ¡ame nt was opened to-day by the Go- vernor wit!, the usual formalities. THE GOVERNOR'S SPEKCH. HONORABLE GENTLEMEN OF THE LEOISLI TJVJE COUNCIL, AND GENTLEMEN OF THE LÉGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. It giren me much pleasure in meeting you for the first- time srnce my assumption of the Government, and on opening tho fourth Parliauu'nt of Queensland. The Parlia- ment has been called at the earliest possible time after the general election. Tho lute period ut whiuli it assembles »uirgesu tho ifesirnbility of devoti g attention to measures of pressing importance, including supplies, ii .vurtailingthc present session, you wilt be enabled to meet for a wore convenient scs$¡<>n. Tlie permanence of tho goM fields appears to be established, ani thc yield continues catt¡*fic tory. Tho ronda and t eh'graphs conned ing Gympie willi Maryborough and tho capital ure iu course of complot ion. The Southern Railway' returns have been maintained. Tho line from Toowoomba to Allora is to be opened early next session The alio nation of the Crown lands under tho new Act is progressing favourably. Pupers ou the nubject will lie laid »ti the table. The depressing influences unrior which the pastoral tenants in tfie unsettled districts ere labouring, point to the ut'ecesity of affording them relief. The advisability of effecting an improvement J in poeUÎ communication between Earope and ? the Northern Porte will be brought under jour notice. It is proposed to la; be Toro you billa far Ad iitionn. Members for the Legislative As- sembly,, for fia Ri-Jiitnbutioa of iCIooton-'es, for Immigration, for the better Munugeraent of the Gold-fields, for thc Kstabliahinent of Pro- vincial Council*, and f».r tim üVüVf of the Pastoral Tenants in thc Unsettled Districts. GENTLEMEN OP TOR LRGISLATIYK A&BKKBLV;, Estimates for tho ye3r I8ß0, will be laid before you without, delriy. It is gratifying ti Hud that the f* Tourable condition of the Kevenue hm been sustained. Tt is pripo*r*d to in uko a reduction of the ad valorem d u ties to 5 per ; c«nt. AUo a rémission of the duties I on machinery, an i othi-r alta-ations in the ' tariff. It is proposed al3 J th tt a Join be raised f>r Immigration, and for tba completion of .'luting ruitwdys. HON. GENTLEMEN OF THE LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL AND GK NT LE M nv OF TUB LEOIS LAIIVB ASSEMBLY, Rains which have fallen in duTurent parts of the colony, lead to the lt9pe th it tho drought will soon be over, and viii give pla?e to favourable seasons for Agriculturiste nndGrnziers. I trustthutQueenpIand ie emerging from her difficulties, and by wise arid economical legi slut ion («ho will in time assume that, position, which for her resources we are ju-iiified tu ex- pecting. Mr. Fitzgerald, tho member for the Kennedy, moved a motion of want of confidence in the Ministry. Tlie motion is now umler discussion. TUE manner in which proper names are iraiiNinourifien', and the Queen's Uiigliali butchered in some nf our loi-al courts (siys the Beaufort Chrnniclr) was experienced not lon»; ago. The bench directed the atiendan'- constable* tn call " Duncan Cnoi|ibell and another." The limb of the law stepped to the door, and with a strong Milesian accent vociferated, " Drunken Catnpbi ll and his motlier," A<;ain, when directed to call Chamberlain versus Stewart, thu Hiberninn annoyed, after calling at th» dur, that Chamberlain and Stewart were " he-e, your worship," adding ' v'arsus don't appear," Tho ma<ri«trafe at once directed the removal of the oracle, observing the proceedings re. semblud those of a pantomime more than a court of justice." THE Clara brought wool, ta low, hides and skins from the Gulf, also a first i shipment of about 3 toni copper froio < ffie Cloncurry, and 22tons b.-che-nVmpr : from the Melanie. The Xula, barque, ' ix at Sweer's Island, loading wool, tallow, , SK , for London direct, and ia expected to leave full. Towna and Co, are abixit I to establish regular communication I*'- 1 tween Sneer's Island and Bata"ia. The ' health reports from tho iîuîf nre satis- ' factory ; there is a fjood suppl}' of drugs i and medical advice,and lin- nature of the j '. fever being better understood, it is hoped | \ that should it return this nultimn it will j ' imf dave euch serious results ni it bad j , hitherto had.-P. D. Time», Oct. 31. j 1 NEW ZEALAND file» nra to the fol- lowing dates :-Hokitilta 24th, Dune- din 19th, Lytteltou 21st, Wellington 23rd, and Nela.m 24tb Oeluber. The I Govprnment haB obtained leave to misc £200,000 on treasury bills, £150,000 of the sum bsinjr to muet bills now fallin» due ; the University Endowment Bill has been passed ; there is no chance in the state of mattara at Patea'or the Wost Coast ; tho Government are in favour of continuing the arrangement with the Panama Mail Company as it now exists, and Parliament has talton the Haine view ; at Dunedin business waa improving ; the Lord Bishop of Christchurch has been elected Primate by the Synod ; it is recommended by the Synod that Dr. Jenner's appoint méat as Bishop of Dunedin should not be confirmed ; Bishop Selwyn is autho- rised to choose his own successor, who is to be called the Bishop of Auckland ; Colonel Whitmore has goue to the front; in proroguing Parliament, on the 20th ultimo, the Governor said tba*. JIP had every confidence tn the success of tho colonial fnrees and friendly natives ; the steamer Nelson has been wracked at West Wanganui. SOME tidings hare at last como hand respecting the movements of *U accomplished swindler who lately gulled so many, nuder the assumed name o' Count Von Atteins. Captain Howe, who was io command of the Hamloi'e Ghost, writing from Somerset, on Sep. tem her 29, tells his wife that he has left the vessel, and will shortly be in Bris- bane. The Count (?) has set sail for the Mast Indies. How many of oui readers will say bon voyage ?-Courier, 7, TUE REV. P. MAC GUINNESS, of Rockhampton, has been paying a pas- toral visit to the members of his flock scattered about thc Calliope Diggings. We hear from reliable authority that the reverend gentleman will visit Gladstone in a day or two at the furthest. Father MAC GUINNESS takes long and weari- some journeys, at great personal incon- venience, to perform the duties of his sacred calling, and the Roman Catho'ies of this community will no doubt give him the welcome his untiring Zeal deserves. -G. Observer, 12. Itt-.MEDY FOB DIPTIIEBIA..-"W.P.A.." writes to the Melbourne Argus :-" I desi ra through you to make known a remedy for diptheria, namely, cayenne pepper, administered ns follows:-L'or a person of full age, three teaspoonfuls ; from fdiirteun to seventeen years, two ; from nine to twelve years, one ; and fruin four to ei»ht years, half a tea- spoonful, to bc swallowed dry, as in this disease a so'id will generally be found more easily swallowed than a fluid. If the patient cannot take it dry, try moistening with a little water; and if it cannot be swallowed, let it bo retained in the throat as long as possible. The object sought by this treatment is the removal from the throat of the fatal obstruction, and the pepper causes such a flow of saliva ns appears to looseD its bold, and such irritation as will lead to its expul- sion. In the case of tender infants I would BU igest a milder a?enf. I have known an infant of fifteen months to ba saved by a teaspoonful of liquid mus- tard ; and I have known the popper tn be effectuel in many cases-some mern berg of my own family. I have not B ien this remedy referred to in print, and I think it is uot generally koowa." To produce abundance of food in droping Beasons is no difficulty, but management is required in raising sulHeiont fodder when assisted by the usual fall of rain. There are (says the Economist) some plants which possess agricultural and feeding merits, and which when established require no ai er treatment, but will yield an astonish. ;g weight of food during the hottest season. We refer more particularly to gorse or fitT ; however hot and dry the weather, this plant will continue to throw out tender shoots, and not only tender but nutritious shoots, palatable and relished I br al) stock. On land perfectly useless i for any other purpose, whether rock or Bund, this plant will flourish, und whi n ' once established does not require any after atteulton. It ts really astonishing the quantity of nutritious food an acre or two nf furze will yield, and that too in a season of drought, when everything else is in a perishing stage. In England it is mown, and the young shoots are passed through n crusher, cut up and then mixed with chaff. Mnny a horse has scarcely any other food all winter but bruised furze and chaff; il has its disadvantages, and among the most prominent is the difficulty of extinguish- ing should a bush fire catch hold of it, containing as it does so much essential oil; another drawback, perhaps, is the cover it affords to vermin in thu shape of rahbits; Inwever, if it be Bown in strip«, and away fro n the homestead, its estab- lishment will prove more beneficial than otherwise. IT is stated that the juice of th« fern (ree «Ulk in a perfect antidote to tbe bit» of the bulldog ant. 