' BIGNS OF THE TIMES— NO; It !a bordly necessary to say moro in roferenco to tho Irish Cburoh Question and tho efficiency of tho Pulpit as a teacher of tho peoplo. IIeoco in few additional sentonces wo shall dismiss this branch of our subject, nnd turn our attention to its contemporary agency the Press. We caunot, howover, pass over without comment tho ycry, remarkaVo manifesto presented to tho Queen herself at Windsor Castlo on tho 14th of May by tho ArchbiBhop of Armagh, tho Archbishop of Dublin, tho. Bishops of Month, Ossory, Down nnd Connor, Ki!aloe,-Cork, Kilihore, Limerick, Dorry, and Tuam, accompanied by tbo Archbishop of Canterbury; tho Archbishop of York, ond tho Bishops of London, Oxford, and Carlislo. Any ono'would naturally expect: that snob a " noble army of n/nrtyrs" would have tad something pertinent to say on so important an occasion — that they would at 'least havo 'boon careful to havo taken .tho very highest ground possiblo (viz., its spiritual aspect ond claims) in dealing with tho question, and if anything could ho said to prova a divino warrant for, or show on scriptural grounds, or from the ex perience of mankind, demonstrate tho utility and expediency of endowing any particular embodiment of Christianity with tho trappings of state and tho powers of tho civil magistrate, it would certainly have been forthcoming; at any rate, tha utterances of such illustrious men aro entitled to rospoot, nnd mny Bafely bo taken as the truo index to tho prompting nnd real feeling of those who opposo Mr. Glad stone and his resolutions. Let us hear them, then. The bishops folt it their duty. Jto. protest against tho proposal whioh had h#pn made " For ever to alienate property which has, from time imcmorial, been dedicated to. sacred uses. They believe that thoro is no moro precious arrangement thai that by which soma portion of a natiou's wealth is, with the nation's saootiou aud undor its guardianship, separated oif for over from private possession, nod common or profane uses, nnd, to the ond that it may ho tho moro inviolable, solemnly set opart to tho servico of Almighty God; tbo oojoyment of it being linked uot merely with tho porformanco of tho ordinary duties of a citizen, but with tbo obligation of setting forth that Divino knowledge by which alone men are made capable of fulfilling their higher duties in this life, or brought into any meet- ness for another." . , " In tho destruotiou of tbo national cha racter . of our Church, with whioh wo aro threatened, in tbo severing of tho ties' whioh bind it to the state and the stato to it, iu tho disappcaranco of the! lloyal Supremacy whioh thereupon must follow, an important safeguard of the reformed faith and of many! precious rights-will bo overthrown. Your Majesty will hot merely be.deprived.-of a bright jewel in your Crown, but will Bee very much of that influenco and authority which now aro ours, who reader no divided allegiance, transferred to another Church whioh can never, bo truly national — finding, as it does, its centro outsido of tho nation, .and submitting to tbo jurisdic tion, which it must recognise as paramount to any other, of a foreign potentate or prince." The bishops have no fear for themselves. '" But there are investments in just hope ns well as in actual possession ; and tho injustice which would bo iuflioted on multitudes of our brethren would be extreme upon nil those who at this timo are reasonably looking forward to somo modest reward of long nnd ill-requited labours in tho past, but who would thus find themsolvcs for ever cut off from this and from overy expectation of it." Moreover, " there aro other vested rights and interests besides thoscof tho olorgy. Our poorer.' Protestant brethren who have established theinsclvea in every part of the country — nnd this in tbo faith of tho maintenance of tbo present settle ment of things— thoy, too, have a vested right, for themselves and for their children, in that ministry of Christ's word and sacraments according to the ordor of our Kcformcd Church which hitherto they have .so freely enjoyed." The last of tho . opi&copal; argu- ougmjanuii, . urns vno assauu on our establishment is avowedly, on the part of its most strenuous conc!v otors, only tho open ing of a gc&cral; attack on tho establishments in England and Scotland; nnd that, if success ful against us, will prove almost irressistille in tho other cases." ' . i Wo have said before that tho manifesto was a remarkable ono, and we think tha document 'itself fully justifies this assertion, and is proof, strbng'ns Holy Writ, 'of nil 'wo have previously advanced. If this does not indicate a hanker ing for tbo " flesh pots'of Egypt," wo 'confess wo do not know anything in tho shnpo of language that would. For ourselves, wo tnko exception to tbo very first paragraph ; 'so far as wo aro nblo to understand its very ambigu ous phraseology, and still moro doubtful English. As far ob tho words " Almioiitv Gob," wo admit tho proposition, but wo altogother fail to seo tho sequent contained in tho concluding words, of tbo sontenco. On tlio contrary, without any reservation, wo utterly deny that "the enjoyment of a nation's wealth " being "linked" as stated, and subject to tho conditions and accompaniments of our hierarchical system, as exhibited in the.work- ing of Church Establishments throughout tho world during the lost tbrco centuries and moro, has any tendency whatever "towards "setting forth that Divino knowledge by which alone men nro capable of fulfilling their higher duties in this life or brought into any meetness for another." Tho sober' fact is that .the result hitherto has beon. anything but this. In short, it baa beon impeditivo rather than impollcnt to tho cause of Christianity, and kept back rotbor than set forth that " Divine knowledge " ao essential to tho well-boing of tho masses both as it relates to this life and that which is to comb. Who, for instance, .could recognise in tho'- "enjoymonts" of our Lords Spiritual in thoir worldly pomp, their gilded' chariots, thoir prancing horses, nnd their fanfaronndo of tho manners and custom of tho Kingdom of plutus, anything at nil " - suggestive of that Kingdom of which CnBlsT isKiNQ,' and for " which this very Divine knowlcdgo is a prep'arant. Wo think not ono. Ia it not rathor a fact,, proved by all ex perience hitherto, that tloso who havo bad tho least of theso " enjoyments " havo accom plished tho most- work— havo laboured most earnestly and most effectually in tho cause of Christianity, .and the "setting forth of this divino knowlcdgo ?" -Wo think it is ; nnd, if so; it surely must ho liigli timo to sweep away for over so rotten a system, which has hitherto proved only a stnmbliDg block to tho spread of trua religion. Whilst wo say this, wo do .not forget nor dcoy tbo groat excellence of many of our clergy in all respects, and in all ranka. of thoir profession ; hut such men aro excel lent in spite of thoir system,' and would bo far moro excellent -were "they divested altc . gothrr.of thoir cffemiDatory arid meretricious surroundings. Ncithor do wo overlook or ignore the ejistcnco of certain " veBted rights'' and "private- interests " which .must not ho disregarded, but demand, and doubtless will receive, cqnitable adjustment when the timo comes to deal with them. All wo say is, . lal tho evil stop at onco. Lot us have no more of it. Honestly ,'ot ns square up and settle out accounts for tho past, and, haying paid tho reckoning, lot us start afresh under moro favourable auspicos, and leave religion and tbo power of Divino Truth to provide a snstenta- tion ' for the clergy and means to defray tho expouseof the sanctuary without aDy assistance from civil governments or state legislation ; and wo aro quito sure that neither will the clergy have to complain of lack of " a modest reward for ill-reqtaited labours," or tho causa of religion suffer by tbo withdrawal of atato patronage altogether. Furthermore, wo aro sorry to see the plea 'ad raisericordiam ' . put forth in the strange phraseology, " investments in just hope," " somo modest reward of long and ill-requited labours in the past," and think it altogether-, unworthy of the august and reverend chapter from whom it emanates. It ia unseemly, to say the least of it, and wo have only to imagine the words as the utter ance of the primitivo bishops Peter and Paul, and ail Christendom would he shocked. There is, however, ono aspeot of the document which we cannot condemn, altbongh we mny feel regret at tho stato ' of heart it discloses, nnd that is its straightforward honesty, for there is not the slightest attempt to disgniso tbo. truth, that in the opinion of. thesh mcmoralists tho impending withdrawal of the "enjoyments" "linked" as aforesaid (in plainer English, of the loaves and fishes,) will prove a death blow to . " that influenco " and authority which now are theirs who render no divided allegiance," and work disasterously for their future comfort, if not for their futnro offioiency. IVe have now said enough about this " precious arrangement," and sum np nil we havo further to say in refcrenco to tbs pulpit and its requirements under existing exigenoies : if it is to he an influential power and effioient teacher to guide and educate tbs masses of the peoplo throvgh tho probationary singes of tho life which now is, and Gt them for the aotivo engagements of tho lifo which is to como ; in tbo words of a living English' nreaoher — . ' What wo want is preachers of equal conVago' and equal genius, who shall emancipate soma of us from tbo dull tyranny of " three divisions with an application," and others from tho strange delusion that a spoken address should bo a written essay — sensible, pcrbops, and with a certain soholarly finish— hut colourless iu stylo, with no toneh of humour, or pathos, or of passion, no grace of fancy or intensity of moral appeal, no worldly shrewdness of spiritual fervour- — an essay' without a solitary passage that could by any mischance provoko a smilo or a tear, startlo, molt, or interest any man, woman, or. child in tho congregation. In another issuo we shall notice tho symp toms of. degeneraoy and inefficiency not manifest in tho teachings of tho Press, and thus closo' for the present our cogitations oik tho sigus of tho times. The Leoislative Assembly mot together. on Wednesday last, nnd presented an address to tho Acting-Governor; after whioh, on th motion of tho Colonial Treasurer, the House formed itself into committee, and prepared an address to tlio Queen, conveying their thanks to her Majesty for tho present lutely mode by her to the library of two of bor latest- works. The House then adjourned until Wednesday next, the Colonial. Treasurer remarking when making the motion, that " Wednesday was pre ferred instead of Tuesday, because ou Tucsda) there would ho a total eclipso of tho sun," thereby intimating .that it waa not dcsirablo - that wo should experience two eclipses on tho same day. - . Railway Fades, for Puppies. — We undor- thnt on Saturday . last a shepherd, with bis wifo-and three children, camo fnom Dalby to Toowoomba by tho train. Ho had a sheep dog with him, for which ho paid a faro of 4a. On arriving at tlio platform of the Toowoomba station it waa discovered that the shepherd hod two pups in Lis pockets, stotod by him to hs threo days old, for tho faro of which he had to pay 4s. each. Tho byc-standers expressed theirdisapproval of the charge, under tlio im pression . that it was an imposition. Wo cer tainly should havo supposed that', under tho circumstances, "puppies in pockets" would hnvo been classed in tho samo category as i "infants in arms." REroitT op Patients inToowoomha Hos-" pitul, for tho week ending August 14, -181)8 : — Males'. Females. Jn hospital last report ... 18- . 8 Since admitted 0 " -2. . . Discharged 0. 1 Died ... ... 1 0 ' Remaining in Hospital ... 17 4 Receiving out-door medical relief ... ' 8 adults 4 eliil- dren. Dr. Callan will bo the visiting surgeon for noxt week. "J'.lig Hospital Committee beg to neknnwlcdgo, nitli thanks, the receipt of . a buadlo of old" linen from Mrs. Alaud, Mort Rstato ; and ono from Mrs. William Smith, Toowoomba. . Off to tub Dioqinds. — Mr. Joseph IVor- dorloy (Mayor of Toowoomlin), Mr. George Iloopor (landlord of the Sovereign Hotel), hi r. A. T. Rccs (of- the lato firm of Limmer, ltecs, and Robinson), and John Jones (son of Mr. Charles Jones, formerly of tho Highficlds S. 8\. Mills Co.), left Toowoomba on Thursday morypig last for Gympio Creek. Wo wish lhci.»suocess in their new field of enterprise. DltAYTON 'POLICE CoUltT, AUODST 12. — Agnos ISmn'ett, (wife of William Bennett), charged . Jaoics Houston with making uso of nbusivo language. Complainant deposed : On tho 3rd instah't Mr. Houston camo to my place in Camboeva'-strcet, and accused mo of stealing his lucorno to feud my pigs; bo called mo an angel, and a beauty, and,, a. beautiful out of aoinething; when ho acoused mo of stealing I believe I said it was a d— — -d lie. Cross-oi- amiced by defondant : You were talking to my husband ; I did not call you a b— y old liar. Case dismissed. 4,329 ounces of, gold was brought into Maryborough from Gympio on Wednesday last. An "Illp'stiuous STitANOBti" Wanted. — It is pretty wall known, says the ' Courier' of Wednesday ,J that tho illustrious strangor who lately honoured our poor city with bis presonco, under the stylo, title, and dignity of tho Count Von Attons, -is tho individual who, in our Sydney tologram on Tuesday, was said to have obtained, large advances in that city on ficti tious paporb. Wo aro sorry to say that lie mauagod, during bis short stay hero, to walk iiltU vilv gUwU' gllvva Vt D'/UIU Ui uut vill£VIIQ, and to mako rather heavy drafts on thoir hankers. His coiintship, it will bo remoin- horcd, left ' Brisbane in thnt renowned craft tho Hamlet's Ghost, tho history of which vessel'ought to ho. written Borne . day, and ho has last been heard of at Cleveland Bay. A warrant has.been issued for his apprehension, and troopers' have been despatched overland from Port' Donison to socuro him if possible before ho 'makes a descent on our friends in. Batavia. We failed to notico tho count as ho desorvod when bp was in Brisbane, but should bo visit us again, especially with the order whieli the Sheriff of Queensland desires to confer, on him on his breast, and Mr. Seymour's doeoratieneon his wrists, wo shall endeavour to mako amends for our former neglect. Land Selections at Ipswich. — Tho Commissioner for West Morotoo bold his usual fortnightly. Court at tho Ipswich Land Office on August '7. Thcro wore sovcnly-six appli cations for consideration, and threo clashes oeeurred. i Notwithstanding the large number of applications, tho business was transacted in a manner satisfactory to all parties. Twenty- five of tlio applications wcro for homestead , and of theso twenty wore accepted. Tho total quantity of land taken up at this sitting of tho Court was a'hout 18,000 acros. Queensland Rum —The ' Courier ' eon- tains the .'following letter in referonco to the superior quality of rum manufactured in this colony, tho samples of rum spoken of were produced at Morayfiold, Mr. Raff's plantation Allnutt and Co. aro themselves large shippers to tho colonies of West India rum "London, Juno 18,. 1868. Messrs. Redforn, Alexandor, and Co. 'Dear Sirs — Wo have carefully tested tho semplo of.rum from Quoonslond which you bare sent us, and aro much pleased with tho quality. .It is very swoct and clean, quito froo from all rankocss, and would bo an excel lent spirit for mixing. It might bo preferred hero with a little moro colour,, but that is not of much" consequence. Wo consider it fully equal to, if not better, then the fiuest West Tiiilin nr. Tiftnanri) rum. Thia is nlso the opinion of pno of tho first rum brokers to whom wo have' shown tho sample.-1— Wo aro, dear sirs, yours vory faithfully. (Signed) John Ablnott and Co." A Chimney on firo at tho Grammar School on Tuesday oveoiog caused a good deal of ex oitoment in town, asj from the violent and continued ringing of the bell, it was feared that the buildiog itself was in danger. By adopting the usual means, the flame was speedily extinguished. Tbo energy displayed by tho boys on tho occasion was very great, especially in ringing the bell.—' Queensland Times. »' Rookhampton.— By a telegram in Thurs day's ' Courier ' it is notified that some ono had maliciously destroyed the ono o'clock gun, tbo property of Mr. R. H. D. White. On two previous occasions tbo gun bad boon spiked, wo therefore presume, from tho determination evinced to render it usolcss, that some person or persons in the vicinity, had arrived at tho conclusion that it was a nuisanco. 