DIOCESAN SYNOD. The fourteenth session of the Synod of the Diocese of Adelaide was commenced on Monday, 18th May. In the morning service was held at Trinity Church, conducted by the Bishop, the Dean, and Canon Manyat, and at the close 12 of the clergy and 18 layman partook of the Com munion. The Lobd Bishop then delivered his Pastoral Address:— "ttev. and Dear Brethren—The subjects which invite attention at this our annual Synod of the Diocese naturally arrange themselves into two classes—those which concern the spirit and essence of religion, and such as relate to the organization or work of the Church as a whole, or in its several parts—national, provincial, diocesan, and congre gational. Here, after the service in which we have engaged, I would confine my remarks to the former class, reserving ecclesiastical matters to our. business meeting in another place. , "During the interval which has occurred since I last addressed you in Synod the principal subjects which have occupied-the minds of Churchmen^ in (elation to spiritual religion are Ueologian nationalism in science ana biblical criticisms; Ritualism, doctrinal and esthetic; and,.finally, outward manifestation of fellowship in the Gospel* which led to the Lambeth Conference of Bishops of the a npiiVan portion of the Universal Church. "I find less uneasiness prevailing in regard to the progress of scientific enquiry, whether in geology, ethnology, the languages of the world, or biblical criticism. A closer study of the text of Scripture has in many cases modified or corrected traditionary ideas of sacred history and theological interpretations. Supposed difficulties have been removed, and the conviction strengthened that as the Scriptures which furnish the inspired rule of spiritual life, and the order of nature proceeded from the same divine wisdom, they canuot really be at variance. Theologians, therefore, as well as men of science, are content to wait for maturer knowledge, based upon accumulated observations, instead of propounding or confuting cosmical theories on insufficient data. On the other hand the exquisite adaptations of organized creatures to the material world around them, as well as the pro gressive genesis and laws of that world, have been ao traced out in the earth beneath our feet, as well as the heavens above us, that on the plainest evidences of intention and will, which are the attributes of a Personal Being (not a mere Elastic force), it is irresistibly concluded that he must be fool indeed who says, even in his heart, 'there is no God.' And miracles, as the proper evidences of personal communication from the Author of Nature to his intelligent creatures, come to appear as natural and reason able as the sequence of natural events which they interrupt; for in no other way could the Ruler of the Universe manifest His presence, or declare His will so unmistakably for the instruction or correc tion of mankind. Worship, therefore, that is, " prayer and supplication, with thanksgiving,'follow in due order, as the reasonable service of man to his Maker. Theology thus owes its obligations to science, not as discovering truths taught us by the inspired Word of God, but by supplying evidences from the material world in accordance with those teachings. " If the aspect of scientific enquiry has become less antagonistic to revealed religion, neither has ethnology, nor the study of languages, nor geo graphical exploration, nor antiquarian research in Egypt, Asia, or Europe done more than contribute facts confirmatory of the recent appearance and history of man upon this earth. " It may well, then, excite the shame and regret of Churchmen that no legal tribunal has yet been found to try one whom his comprovincial Bishops and the Pan-Anglican Episcopate, as well as Pres byters in' then several convocations, have charged with fatal heresy, and with teaching contrary to the formularies of the Church of which he pro fesses to be a Bishop. ... . . , " Much as may be urged in favour of the great principle laid down by Gamaliel in the Sanhe drim—'Now, I say unto you refrain from these men, and let -them alone; for if this counsel or work be of men it will come to nought; but if it : be of God ye cannot overthrow it.' Yet to what end is the Civil Magistrate acknowledged by mem bers of the Church of England to have the pre rogative of ruling the State Ecclesiastical as well as Temporal, if a chief pastor consecrated on the nomination of the Crown may with impunity teach doctrines alleged to be contrary to the truth •of Holy Scripture, and wound the consciences of weaker brethren! Such is the spectacle afforded to the world of a legal but effete supremacy as regards some of the colonial Churches. "The heresy which asserts, in teeth of 284 | direct devotional addresses or ascriptions of priory in the Book of Common Prayer and Offices to our Lord Jesus Christ, 'that the whole spirit and the general practice of our Liturgy manifestly tend to discourage such worship and prayer,' and denies that it is based on any scriptural or apos tolical authority,' might surely claim some remedial legislation, if need were, to establish a legal tri bunal for its trial. _ . "Contrasted, however, with this indifference, we cannot but remark the outburst of feeling which has shown itself both in and out of Parliament against : certain Ritualistic innovations. . . , . " Having watched the progress of this revival of forms apparently obsolete, 1 have endeavoured to discover the principles on which its advocates rest their case, and £ shall now lay before you as suc cinctly as I can the grounds on winch, in my humble judgment; the. Ritualistic clergy have neither law nor Scripture on their side. " Let me remark, in the first place, that there are two principles which underlie .this revival of a snore ornate ritual. One is the * sense of beauty, 1 and its elevating effect on the human mind; the -other a mystic doctrine in relation to the EuchariBt. The former appeals to the Hebrew ritual and the splendid garments of the Aaronic priesthood, well suited, no doubt, to a sensuous people and a semi idolatrous age; but with more earnest minds Ritualism is only valued as it symbolizes and teaches implicitly certain dogmatic views. " With regard to the former principle, while we all unite in deprecating that which is mean and slovenly in the structure or service .of the sanctuary, yet I believe the sober devotional spirit, of the Anglican worshipper is well satisfied with the simple but dignified forms and vestments which . have now been in use from the reigUB of Edward VL and Elizabeth; a more scenic service detracts from rather than enhances the worship of the spirit and the understanding. ... "I pass therefore to doctrinal Ritualism, which is really the object at present of legal or legis lative consideration. It is designed, then, to represent the ministering Presbyter in the character of a sacrificing priest; not offering with his people 'the sacrifice of praise .to God, that is the fruit of their lips, giving thanks to His name;' but offering for them to the Father Christ crucified ou their behalf. (Hebrews xiii 15) It claims for the ministering priest that he represents •on earth the Great High Priest in Heaven, who by 'one sacrifice perfected for ever them that nte being sanctified.' That sacrifice He indeed ■ever 'presents' before the throne of grace; but the Ritualist, not content to 'commemorate,' 'plead,' And 'appropriate' its 'innumerable benefits,' deems himself to 'present' and 'oiler' that sacri fice at the Lord's altar-table on behalf of hi3 people, militant upon earth. He intends, indeed, no repetition of the one sacrifice at Calvary, but still he claims to 'offer' rather than 'commemo rate' Christ's precious death on the cross. He in trudes himself therefore as a necessary mediator betwixt Christ and his worshippers at the Lord's table. That ordinance is no longer solely or chiefly the 'communion of the body and blood of Christ; but becomes a propitiatory oblation ou the Lord's altar.' "The train of reasoning which leads the Ritualists to this conclusion is based on the literal interpretation of ' this is My body and tbis is My blood.' It is asserted that by necessary concomi tance, where the body is ortbe blood of Christ, there His whole Person, as God and Man, 'never to be divided,' is present also. He is to be adored, therefore, ' under the figures of bread and wine,' and as being truly 'present' with his body broken, and blood poured out; he is truly 'offered' along with them. "Tbis doctrine requires us to believe that in the 'bread' which our Lord brake, and gave to His Apostles, at the last supper, and in the fruit of the vine which He bade them drink. He gave Himself, with His own hands, as the whole God-man, to be A sacrifice for, as well as the food of, their bouIs. " The Anglican doctrine, as stated in the Homily, concerning the sacrament is not so. It is that there is 'no untrue figure of a thing absent'—that the 'inward part or thing signified' by the outward clement, that is, 'the body and the blood of Christ,' are, as the 28th Article expresses it, 'given, taken, and eaten in the Supper only after a heavenly and spiritual manner.' fit is well known,'saith Cyprian (the Homily goes on). ' that the meat we ■*1L me UOia B UUUV Ul »U1UJ OU i. out ayoaaa, -".-M as the wise Hooker explains it, the Eucharist conveys to the faithful recipient' all such saving grace as Christ's sacrificed body can yield, and this is to such and in them His body.' "It ha9 been said, however, by a Ritualist writer, that'this view of the 'sacramental presence of Christ's body and blood' makes the greatest possible demand on our faith. Be it so. Still, that faith is not tainted with Rationalism, either dogmatic or sceptical. It does not 'intrude into that which it has not seen.' It accepts without questioning the 'severance' which our Lord, in His own words of institution, seems to make between His adorable self and the separate elements of His human nature, namely, His body and His blood. Without questioning, also, it receives the personal union of the divine and human natures in Christ-, ' indivisibly and without confusion.' when the Only Begotten was conceived by the power of the Highest. But to take on Him the likeness of man, who was created in God's image, and to make Himself locally present in "bread aud wine,' is another. The latter assump tion, however, is essential to the idea of 'sacrifice,' and on it the Ritualist takes his stand. For the ■camp purpose, but equally without foundation in fact, tne table of * devils,' at which the heathen sat down and feasted in the idol temples of Corinth, is assumed to be the 'altar' at which the sacrifice was offered. In the Temple at Jerusalem, 'the holy place in the Court of the Tabernacle of the Congregation,' beside the 'altar,'where the meat offering was consumed, cannot be identined with the 'altar' itself on which the blood of the sacrifice was sprinkled In like manner the altar of the founded. The table of shewbread M the • altari by Ezekiel and Malacni, but in that offering of 'thanksgiving', there ww ^propuiato^ sacrifice, as in sin-offerings of blood. yet this idea is the essence of the Romish sacrifice of the mass, and apparently of Ritualistic obiatiom St. Paul has abstained from using the word altar when speaking of the table and supper. The like reserve by our reformers in the com munion office shows their anxiety to eliminate error, while securing the true grace of the sacrament itself. "The Bitoalists do not indeed speak as the Catechism of Trent speaks of * immolating the victim Christ,' 'offering a true propitiatory sacrifice,'' making satisfaction to God for sin,' and so'meriting all the fruits of the Lord's passion;' yet by vestments, and lighted tapers, and incense, and genuflexion, tbev imply a doctrine apparently identical in purport with the sacrifice of the mass; and fch. s it was the first step in the Knglish Refor mation to set aside by changing the cauoh of the mass into the office of holy communion. "Apart from these cmisiderations—that is, its departure from the spirit of the Anglican office, and its rationalistic interpretation of the words of Christ's institution —Ritualism seems practically to obscure the mission and work of the Comforter. By the daily ministering the sacrifice of the altar there seems to be made, as under the Mosaic cove &&Qt;» the tsoicBibi&Qcc; of sins, ioste&d; of putting the conscience and perfecting for ever them that are being sanctified. There is a bringing bade the bondage of fear,' and putting into subjection to hnman mediating priests (com passed about with sin and infirmity) the penitent believer. Accordingly sacramental con fession is enforced as obligatory before receiving holy communion, and the ordeal of the confes sional required instead of the comfort offered to our uneasy consciences by voluntarily opening its grief, and receiving, if desired, the benefit of absolu tion, In such a system, then, there is nothing in of Jesus. Indeed, the idea of absolution seems to swallow up ana put bat of Bight the duty and power of sanctificatioD. We miss, tbo, the faith like that of the centurion in.the superlocal divine energy of Christ to heal and save even from Heaven. His dwelling-place. Ritualism requires that He should be materially (so far as a ' spiritual body' is material) and locally present under each of the elements separately—the bread and the wine of the Guclianst. No trausuhstantiation of the elements or consubEtantiation with Christ is affirmed; yet, as the figure is in the Bitualistic system linked indissolubly - with the 'thing signified,' there is a tendency at least towards worshipping the visible elements as well as the unseen Christ, who under them is said to be present. On these grounds we are then, we feel, compelled to refuse this doctrine as grounded on no warrant of Scripture. But while we speak the truth, we would do so in love, and pray the Holy Spirit to lead us and all others into a right judg- , merit in these matters. He will guide us into all i truth, so that while with mutaal forbearance wegive liberty to private opinion upon this great mystery, we must firmly insist that the peace of our Church shall not be disturbed by stepping beyond the prudent reserve of our Reformers, who, while maintaining the verity and reality of the spiritual presence of. Christ's body and blood in the Sacra ment, are silent as to the doctrine of concomi tancy, and puiposely omitted the terms 'altar,' ' victim,' and ' immolation.' To them the Eucha rist was a holy feast upon the sacrifice offered on the cross, the spiritual food of the soul; it was the sacrament of absolution, the pledge and means of Christian fellowship. These truths are scriptural and incontrovertible: Let us hold them fast, and build up ourselves in the faith and love of Christ by more frequent and devouter solemnization of this 'preaching of Christ,' and His cross, which He Himself ordained. While, thus endeavouring, according to the measure of judgment which Christ has given me, to preserve the flock committed to my charge from the Galatian error of seeking to be perfected by the letter, when we have begun in the spirit I must advert for a moment to a similar formal error in regard to the other sacrament of baptism. It seemB almost an outrage on the spiritual teaching of the Redeemer to insist on 'immersion of the whole body' as essential to the validity of the rite. The chief advocate of this opinion and of a new unauthorized version of the New Testament admits that if in one case only immersion would be inapplicable as the equivalent of 'baptism' the argument for its necessity fails. Such a case occurs in Markvti. 4. The 'washing9 or baptism of cups and pots and brazen vessels may be their 'im mersion,' but neither 'tables,' nor 'beds,' or rather 'sofas,' 'couches,' 'divans' can well be con ceived to have been 'immersed* rather than ' washed' by pouring on of water. Nor can it be shown that every Jew 'immersed his whole body' whenever he returned from the 'market.' Our Saviour (Luke xi. 38) certainly did not so 'im merse' himself and the Pharisee—his host—was surprised, not at that omission, but that he sat down to meat with 'unwashen hands.' This, pro bably, was done by him of purpose. * To eat with unwashen hands/iHe said, 'defileth not a man.' He reproved Pharisaic formality, which was being more particular about outward than inward purity; for the custom of the Israelites from old time was to wash the hands with water ' poured upon them,' even as Elisha (2 Kings iiL 10) 'poured water on the hands of Elijah.' Moreover, the whole nation of the Israelites was not 'immersed' in the cloud or the sea, which they went through on dry land, and yet were baptized into the Mos tic covenant. The blood of ail the sacrifices typical of Christ's atonement was' sprinkled' on the altar. It seems, therefore, to outdo even Pharisaic for mality to object to pouring or sprinkling of water in baptism as typical of the cleansing work of the Spirit in the heart. Again, the Apostles were not 'immersed' when 'baptized with the Holy Ghost and with fire.' A cloven tongue of flame sat on each of the disciples. I notice these things with much disinclination, but am compelled to break silence by the exigencies of the times. " In like manner, I would not have ycu ignorant, brethren, concerning the Apostolic authority of Episcopal government in the Church of Christy as if there were want of scriptural witness to it. Historically it rests precisely on the same external evidence as the genuineness of the ScriptureB themselves; We receive these, in the first instance, on the witness of the Apostolic Churches, who were severally the keepers of the Gospels, Epistles, and Apocalypse. All these Churches were un doubtedly under Episcopal government before the death of St. John; we must therefore, eitber sup pose the Apostles to have allowed an unauthorized transition from Presbyterianism to Episcopacy to have grown up unchecked, or that for the perpe tuity and better government of the Church they directed the appointment of such an order in the ministry. Even before the dispersion of the Twelve Apostles from Jerusalem on the great per secution of Herod, the oversight and presidency of the Church at Jerusalem had been committed to James, the brother of our Lord. The voice of all early tradition declares him not to have been one of the Twelve, but in the true sense of the word a Christian Bishop. WithoutinBistingontheministry of Archippns of Colosse, or the 'Apustleship' of Epaphras of Philippi, there can be no reasonable doubt that the powers of governing and regulating Churches, as well as ordaining presbyters and deacons and of excommunicating heretics, was committed by St. Paul to Timothy and Titus. To say that these powers were merely temporarily given to them is pure conjec ture in the case of Titus, and is evidently refuted by ihe context in tbe case of Timothy, for it was because of St. Paul's own approaching martyrdom that he solemnly charges him 'to reprove, rebuke, and exhort with all Iongsuffering and doctrine.' For the time was coming, he saia (that is, after his death), when men * would not endure sound doctrine,' but would 'heap to them selves teachers having itching ears, and should turn away their ears from the truth.' That surely was no time to withdraw (except for a season) a chief minister from Ephesus, whom the Apostle himself had placed there, * to charge some that they should teach no other doctrine' than that they haa received from the Apostles. Passing onwaru to the close of the century we find that each of the Seven Churches of Asia had its 'Angel.' to whom St- John is bidden to write a letter concerning the state of his Church. And to remove all doubt as to the human character of these 'Angels,' the manuscripts of best authority make the false prophetess Jezebel to he the wife of him of Thyatira, who is reproved for suffering her false teaching and impure life. "The letter of Clement, written to the Corinthian Church before the death of St. John, directly asserts that the Apostles them selves constituted overseers or elders, and forqjmowing that there would be contention about this dignity, committed to other (ellogimoi) selected nun the power to appoint them.' Such selected men were Timothy and Titus, to whom the 'Apostle' Paul gave the charge of 'ordaining Elders.' Insisting also on the continuity of the Church under the Old and New Covenants, Clement cites the distinct duties of the High Priest—the Priests and Levites as an example to the Corin thian Church, and to repress their insubordinate spirit in deposing their Presbyters. We have further tbe direct assertion of Tertullian, confirmed by Clement of Alexandria—both writers in the second century after Christ—that in the East 'St. John was the chief creator of Bishops;' at Borne Clement was appointed by St. Peter. Comparing, then, the Pastoral Epistles of St. Paul with the opening chapters of the Bevelation, and the latter with the letters of Ignatius of Antioch, Bishop of Syria. A.D. 107, we see how in the latter half of the first century the Episcopal form of church government was accepted by the whole Christian world, and freely spoken of by leading Christian writers as a matter of Divine institution. Could, we may ask, anything short of Apostolic authority have thus completed the organization of the whole Catholic and Apostolic Church? The Bishopric of James was instituted by the Twelve at Jeru salem, that of Titus in Crete, and Timothy at Epbesus by St. Paul, of Clement at Borne, and Mark at Alexandria by St. Peter; those of the Seven Churches of Asia by St. John, of whom was Polycaip of Smyrna, and probably afterwards Ignatius at Antioch. It is possible, of course, to shut tbe eyes to these facts, resting on the best historic authority, and so ignoring contemporary testimony, to argue on the yet undefined termi nology of the primitive Church in respect to its ministry. But such reasoning is as inconclusive as to deny that Augustus was ' Emperor' of Borne because Julius Ca»sar and other Generals were saluted 'Imperatores' by their soldiery. "In these days, when every doctrine, usage, and institution is thrown into the crucible of individual opinion, I may be excused for calling your atten tion to historic authority and the facts to which it bears witness. If we are to ' prove' all things, let us also hold fast those things which an experience of 1.800 years in the Church has found to be good. I would not have you ignorant, brethren, of the scriptural principles of your Church government any more than of its dogmatic teaching. If unity and order are ever to be restored to Christendom at large, it must be by standing on, or returning to the old paths—holding to the faith and Church order once delivered to the saints. Such is undoubtedly the principle and the standard , Anglican Church. Only let us in faith and charity maintain her principles; and it may yet be granted to her to be the eentre of Christian fellow ship (without claiming dominion over their faith) to all those bodies which have maintained or asserted their independence of the Boman Pontiff. She may in the Providence of God be made tbe instrument whereby the Grecco-Bussian Church shall through the free circulation of the18criptures and friendly intercourse return to its primitive simplicity in the Gospel, and build up again tbe fallen and degraded Churches of tbe If audi shall be one result in time to come of the late Lambeth Conference of-the Anglican Churches, it will be a eigsal token of the Divine blessing rest ing on that wise and conciliatory gathering; whereby the nnity of spirit and fellowship in the Gospel pervading the English, Irish, Scottish, American, Canadian, ana Colonial reformed branches of the Catholic and Apostolic Church was placed before the world in a conspicuous light, and sofararetur made towards the vi-ible unity of the} Church, such as existed before its Divine organization was linked and trammelled With the civil institutions of the Boman Empire." At 3 o'clock the Bishop, clergy, and Synods men met at the Church Offices, Leigh-street. The Synod was opened with prayer. The roll having been made up, it was found that the fol lowing were present:—Holy Trinity, Adelaide— The Very Rev. the Dean, Rev. Richardson Reid, Mr. H. fl. Turton, Mr. S. Toms; Christchurch, North Adelaide—Bev. W. W. Ewbank, Mr. James Bath, Me. W. A. Hughes, Mr. G. Young: St. Luke's, Adelaide—Rev. J as. Pollitt, Mr. W, T. Cooper, Mr. C. E. Darton, Mr. £. Hawthorn, Mr. J. W. Bull; St. Paul's, Adelaide—Rev. JEL Howitt, Mr. Neville Blyth, Mr. Joseph Thomley, Mr. W. S. Moore, Mr. William Mullett; St. Paul's, Port Adelaide—Rev. Canon Manyal; I St. John's. Adelaide—Bev. JL>. J. H. Ibbetson, Mr. Alfred Spence, Mr. Joseph Pritcliard, Mr.W. G. Carter, Mr. Henry Pope; St. Bartholomew's, Norwood, Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson, Mr. Alexander Birrell, Mr. Samuel Berry; All Saints', Hind marsh—Rev. Prank Garratt; St. Andrew's, Walkerville —Mr. C. B. Young, Mr. John Acraman; St. Matthew's Kensington—Bev. K. Jenkins, MajorWarburton, Mr. Edward Meredith; St. George's, Woodforde—Bev. T. B. Neville, Mr. Henry Mottram; St. Michael's, M itcham— Bev. W. B. Andrews, Mr. W. W. Blyth; St. Saviour's, Glen Osmond—Mr. Nathaniel Oldbam; St. Mary's, South-road—Bev. A. Honner, Dr. Bur ton; Christchurch, O'Halloran Hill—Mr. Frederic Wicksteed; St. Peter's, Glenelg—Mr. J. C. Dunn, Mr. B. B. Colley; St. Philip's and St. James's, Noarlanga—Mr. R. D. Bosworth: St. James's, Blakiston—Rev. B. T. Craig, Mr. B. Gray; Christ church, Mount Barker—Mr. P. Smith; St. Gjeorge's, Gawler—Bev. Canon Coombs, Mr. T. O. Jones; Christchurch, Kapunda—Bev. T. J. Smyth, Mr. James Muggins; St. Margaret's, Woodville—Rev. fit. H. Pollitt, Mr. G. E. DeMole, Mr. H. D. Cruttenden; St. John's. Mount Pleasant —Bev. W. A. Clayfield, Mr. L. W. Thrupp, Mr. Jas. Phillis, sen.; St. Peter's, Robe—Mr. W. S. Douglas. STATE OF THE DIOCESE. His Lordship read the following report on the state of the Diocese "Having addressed you this morning on the doctrinal subjects which concern the inner life of the Church, I now invite your attention to the state and progress of the diocese in its parochial or con gregational organisation. You are well aware how heavily the dispensation of Providence has fallen upon the clergy in the death of four within a very short period—the Hevs. Needham, D. Williams, Titherington, and still more recently Mr. Simmons of Salisbury. At the same time the health of the Yen. Archdeacon Woodcock has become so impaired as to confine him to his bedroom; while a temporary absence in England has been rendered imperative on Mr. EusselL for medical advice on behalf of his wife. Under these afflictive and in some degree unexpected events, it became of prime importance to fill the vacant cures, though at the cost of suspending those occasional missionary visits which are so effective and so needed in the outlying rural town ships and hamlets. The extent of territory over spread by our agricultural population is so large, the number of residents in any given place so small, comparatively speaking, that the parochial incumbency system of England fails to be prac ticable. -Lay readers become a necessity to keep up the ordinances of religion; but even so, unless they are subordinated to a visiting ordained minister, their services gradually cease to be frateful to the members of our Church. My great ifficulty under the late removal by death of so many clergy has been how to supply such regular missionary visits; and the difficulty still presses upon me with exceeding weight and seriousness. "By the 18th Fundamental Provision, the spiritual care of the members of our Church not residing in any parish is to be provided for by means of ordained missionaries or lay persons specially licensed by the Bishop thereto. The em ployment of missionary clergy or catechists in Elaces not included in parochial incumbencies is ere clearly indicated. In order to establish such agency in those vast colonies which now form the United States of America, the Society for the Pro pagation of the Gospel was incorporated, and such was the primary charge upon its funds. In like manner when that Society received donations in land and money for the benefit of the members of our Church in South Australia, it was for like pur poses and on the like trusts as formed the object of the original charter. Although something has been done in this respect, I am hardly satisfied that a due proportion of the income administered by its attorneys has been devoted to this purpose, or that the members of the Church beyond the precincts of parochial incumbencies have been sufficiently cared for. The returns laid before Synod of the distribution of the Leigh Fund will place this matter in a clear light; and I call attention of Synod to it because the western coast, Yorkers Peninsula, the country north and west of Port Augusta, the banks of the Mnrray, the Tatiara and Penola districts are left without spiritual care; and as Synod has included this subject in its fundamental provisions, it is naturafl for it to enquire how far it has been carried out. Since my return from England my time has been principally occupied in visiting and confirming in the various Churches; in 25 of which I have officiated on the Lord's Day in a less number of weeks. The candidates already presented for confirmation exceed 400, and there yet remain several Churches where some are waiting for the rite. It has been gratifying to me to mark the evident seriousness of those who have presented themselves, indicating, I would hope, a blessing vouchsafed to the pains taken by the clergy in their instruction ana training. So very large a proportion of the whole number having trnlnn^nnltr not4eban aI (TaIv Onm»rmn?AH efran. voluntarily partaken of Holy Communion after wards, it affords another ground for hoping that serious impressions in these young persons just hav entering on the career of life have been festered and matured. "The reports and statistics which have been laid upon the table, emanating from the Standing Committee and its Sub-Committees, relieve me from the necessity of going over the topics so ably treated in them. I thinkwhen the whole financial position of the diocese, as distinct from the con gregations, is fully understood, and the appropria tion of the general funds of the Church once felt to be both wise and equitable, the working expenses of Synod will be provided by voluntary rating among the congregations. At present there is a lurking suspicion in the more distant parts of the diocese that much larger funds are at the disposal of the central authorities than really is the case; and that in the daily distribution the wants of the country congregations are not supplied in fair proportions. I do not think such suspicion justified; but care Bhould be taken to obviate any such feeling, which undermines the character ana uselulness of this Synod as the representative body of the various Churches. During my absence I find two Churches have sprung up by the voluntary and unaided efforts of zealous members of our Church at Aldinga and Goolwa; while several others have been finished and furnished in more complete manner—Noar lunga, Lyudoch, Mount Gambier, Salisbury, Yan kalilla, Kadina, and Auburn. Others are being enlarged, or are on the eve of being commenced, namely, at Willunga and Fort Augusta. There is, indeed—and I cannot much blame our people for it—a great reluctance to incur heavy debts and personal liabilities beyond their ability to dis charge. Our system may be too rigid in this respect for great show or rapid progress; but we have the satisfaction at least of knowing that the 'indebtedness' of the Churches is very small indeed—in most cases none at all; consequently, that there is ample room for increased liberality. The real retardation, however, of church building and ingathering of worshippers has been the unprecedented loss of clergy by death or sickness. I consider myself fortunate, well knowing the demand now made in England for increased numbers of educated clergy, that I was able to secure the assistance of no less than six—the Bevs. Messrs. L. Smith, H. Bead. A. Homier, B. B. Webb. F. S. Poole (who will shortly be ordained deacon); and lastly, of the Bev. W. Scott, a student of St. Augustine's, who has been ordained for this diocese by the Bishop of Oxford, and who is now on his way hither. A sum no less than £550 will have been expended on their passages to this country; and, after all the delay and difficulty of setting ' the right man in the right place,' the want seems ever to be enlarging, and the gaps never to be filled up. At this present time N arracoorte and Penoia, Salisbury. Stratbalbyn, Yankalilla, Wel lington, Macclesfield, Echunga want either incum bent or missionary visiting clergy. W e need also a system of clerical education, whereby serious minded and talented young men of the colony may be fitted for the sacred ministry. I rejoice to say there is an evident tendency in this direction, and I earnestly long for the means whereby, separated from all secular callings, they may be able for a time to devote themselves to the study of theology, under regularly appointed teachers, and at the same time make themselves useful as lay readers. It is obvious that Mf in some cases their private resources may avail in part to their support during one or two years of study, still the Church ought to make pro vision for their assistance and encouragement, providing them at least with board, lodging, and teaming for their work's sake. We have a capitular body; and X always looked forward in the institution of the Chapter to the time when some of its members would give lectures to candidates for Holy Orders in the exposition of Scripture, Ecclesiastical History, and the original languages of the Old and New Testament. That there will be some competent and willing to engage in this work I have little doubt, to the great advantage of our Church and to their own advance in scriptural and theological learning. Nor do I see anything "" 5 property administered in the trust purposes of the property by the attorneys of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel Fund which should prevent an appropriation of the income for such theological students catechists. "And here I am reminded -that while we have had for some time an incorporated and paid Chapter, we have no Cathedral Church where they have legal right of entry to perform the services to which they are obliged by the trusts of their incor poration. "Bightly or wrongly I know not, but I have purposely delayed commencing such a work until the parochial and missionary organization of the diocese had to a considerable extent been established. By God's blessing, that has been to some extent effected; not sufficiently, I admit, in its missionary aspect, but still the basis has been laid on which to extend Home Missionary operations- Our Synod has consolidated itself on the basis of compact, and possesses, I believe, to a considerable degree the confidence and respect of the general body of Churchmen. Means may, perhaps, be devised to give it still more extension, influence, and 'usefulness. The Collegiate School has attuned the first rank in the educational establishment? of the colonies, and from the results witnessed ereiy day in College boys who have gene to foglaatd, I am bold to gay that the foundations of a good English, commercial modern language, classical, and mathematical education are as well if not better laid in that in stitution than in others far more widely known to fame in the mother-country. The moderate en dowment of our, Ch arches is steadily going forward.' Our missions to the aborigines and the Melaneslans are sustained, and effectually, yet without observation* maintained on the grounds of religious duty and Christian charity. The Dean and Chapter, as 1 have said before; are incorporated and endowed. A Widow and Orphan Fund for the Clergy has been instituted, and. is prospering. The endowment of the See and See House are sufficient and secure* Should any un foreseen event cut short my tenure of office, I have provided that the Dean and Chapter shall be, vaeante seda, my executors, as far as Church pro perty and trusts are concerned. The one work therefore which yet remains for me to inaugurate is a Cathedral. I may not live to see it completed. I may at least be permitted to provide, like David, the plan and materials, even Bhould another enter into my labours. .... '"It is indisputable. I think, that the Bishop of the Diooese should not be the only clergy man in it without a legal right to occupy con tinuously one pulpit from which he can preach the Gospel, as he is bound by his consecration. Tet the exclusion of the late Bishopof Tasmania i by the Incumbent of St. David's, Hobart Town, and of the Bishop of Sydney by the Incumbent of St. Andrew's, nay, still more recently, of the whole 1 Pan-Anglican Episcopate (Archbishop of Canter bury and Bishop of London included), from West Vbbey and St. Paul'tL would render me minster Abbey and St. Paul s. would render me very unwilling to try before the CivU Court the legal right which custom and ecclesiastical prin ciples give to the Bishop of occupying any and every pulpit of his diocese in turn. Personally I have ever found the utmost readiness to receive my episcopal ministrations; but still I have been reminded that the slightest interference with the legal mode of conducting the service is beyond my province, and trenches upon the rights of the Incumbent Presbyter. The time, then, has, I think, come when I may put my hand to this work without incurring the charge of interfering prema turely with the parochial organization of the City of Adelaide. On the 29th of June I shall have filled—how inadequately, God knows—the See of -Adelaide for 21 years. On the 28th of December, if I live to see the close of this present year, iBhall have been a resident colonist of 21 years' standing. I shall hope, then, D.Y., to lay the first stone of the Cathedral on the latter day, and I trust it may be with abundant thanksgiving for a plentiful harvest. " After much thought, and on many considera tions with respect to the means of supplying the daily and Sabbath services of such a building, as 1 well as the tendency of the population within the ample verge of the city, a site on property belong ing to the See at the entrance of North Adelaide, fronting the Park Lands, and at the corner of John-street, has been selected. " South Adelaide already possesses four pare- j chial churches. A second church will in a year or ! two be needed for the members of the church in North Adelaide, east of O'Gonnell-street and Irish , Town, Hackney, and other suburban dwelling places. jEasily accessible by the Frome Ford as I well as the Morphett-street Bridge, it is equi-1 distant from the Post-Office, and the northern i boundary of North Adelaide itself within an easy walk of Government House, it will be readily accessible for any public occasions or festivals con- i nected with our Chutch. The front will form a noble vista from King William-street. " With regard to building funds, a sum of £-2,500 contributed originally by private friends on my advancement to the See, then added to by the Society for Prjmoting Christian Knowledge and i the late William Alien, has grown bv careful management to an amount which will exceed £7,000 in the early part of next year. Promised subscriptions will raise the amount to above £8,000. Is it too much to ask or expect from the diocese an additional sum of £4,000? For such a sum a stately though simple church might be built, capable of holding 1,000 persons, if at least, ornamentation be subordinated to size and I proportion, and if we "leave enrichment to | those who shall come after us. In the days of scepticism and carelessness, I am persuaded that it is good for those who believe in God and- Christ to show and act out their belief by some outward work for His^lory—a work which demands energy, patience, self-denial, perse-1 verance. liberality, determination, and the single ' motive of seeking not our own glory, or gratifying I merely our ecclesiastical pride, but because we do not like to see the worship of God carried on in mean buildings while our own houses are ceiled with cedar and painted in vermilion, abounding.{ also in every luxury which decorative art can suggest and profuse expenditure can supply. have left myself Uttle time to allude to the legal questions affecting this and other colonial dioceses. The critical state of politics in England may render abortive any attempt upon the J part of the Secretary of State for the | Colonies to legislate with reference to these matters. Meanwhile, from the recent decision i of the Supreme Court of Natal, affirming the ] legal validity of the Letters Patent erecting that diocese, it may be inferred that the non-existence j of a representative constitution by Act of Imperial Parliament in this colony in 1847, and the appoint ment of a Nominee Council by the Crown, places the legality of the like exercise of the prerogative, as in Natal, beyond doubt: in a word, that the same power which nominated the Council did not act ultra vires when, under the Act of Supremacy j of Elizabeth, it erected a diocese and appointed a Bishop, who was consecrated by the Archbishop of Canterbury, under a mandate from the Crown. Hence also the corporation sole attached to the occupant of the see would Appear to be Btrictly legal!.'" STATISTICS. A statement of the accommodation provided in I the -various churches of the diocese snowed that, allowing five square feet for each person, there were sittings for 13,935 persons. The number of communicants showed a slight increase. In the Sunday-schools there had been a slight decrease, caused probably by the unsettled state of things resulting from deaths and changes among the clergy. The sum total of offerings and collections j amounted to £7,964. BALANCE-SHEETS. The balance-sheets and statements of accounts in connection with various funds were presented, and, on amotion to that effect, were taken as read. VOTE OF THANKS. Mr. N. Blyth moved, and the Rev. J. Pollitt seconded, that the thanks of Synod be presented to His Lordship the Bishop for bis pastoral address I and report, and that these be printed. Carried. His Lordship acknowledged the vote, assuring j the Synod he had endeavoured to speak plainly what he believed to be truth, though of course open to correction and fallible like other men. MKLANESrAN MISSION. The Secretary of Synod (vlr. F. "Wicksteed) read the subjoined report of this mission as fol lows:— " To the Bight Bev. the Lord Bishop of Adelaide. "The Committee of the Association in Aid of | the Melanesian Mission have to report to your Lordship that meetings have been held during the past year in aid of the mission at Auburn, Nor wood, Mitcham, Glenelg, Woodville, St. Paul's, Port Adelaide, St. Paul's. Adelaide, and at Trinity; and that sermons specially in behalf of the mission have been preached at Clare, Penwortham, Auburn. Gawler, Glenelg, Mitcham, Woodville^ the Collegiate School, Port Adelaide, St, Paul's, Adelaide, Walkerville. and Christchurch, North Adelaide, with probably several other places from which contributions have been received. "It will appear from the balance-sheet, which is appended, that the sum collected, including a balance of £62 18s. 8d. from last year, has been ! £246 0s. 2d. Of this £230 has been remitted to Bishop Patteson. This is considerably under the sum raised and remitted last year; but while they regret that the funds of the Association hare been thus diminished, they think it right to express their belief that this is very much owinz to the great call for local help which existed iu many places during the past year. In pari: also it is due to the Rev. Canon Russell being called from his . post of Organizing Secretary at .the very busiest' time. They trust that tbe blessing of God will be on their valued and beloved fellow-labourer and his wife duriug their absence from the colony, and that their many friends may soon be able to welcome them back again in restored health. They rejoice in the knowledge that much material help, which would otherwise be given to the Melanesian Mission, is being given to the abori gines of this province. " Contributions of knives, hatchete, and fish hooks for barter, clothing for tbe native girls and for the pupils of the school, jams, and other ship's stores, and drugs, have been received, and are gratefully acknowledged: quinine especially, which was kindly sent by Mr. Downer, of Port Adelaide, is most useful, as the members of the mission are much exposed to attacks of fever and j ague. "The Committee would be glad if the local col- ; lectors would forward the names of subscribers to | the fund to be printed in the report, which the Committee hope to furnish annually. They would ! also be glad to know the number of copies of the | report required by each collector. It would also materially help the mission work if the clergy would inform the Organizing Secretary, the Bev. T. Field, at what times they would desire deputa tions to visit their parishes. One or other of the Central Committee will always be ready to under take tbiB duty. "In conclusion, they desire to express their thankfulness to Almighty God for the steady progress of the mission work in the Melanesian Islands, for the success which has attended the removal of the central school to Norfolk Island, and for the growth of spiritual life among the pupils of the school, which has been such that several have been baptized during tbe past year. " They have learnt with much pleasure that there is no truth in the rumour that Bishop 1 Patteson was likely to relinquish his important charge. . „ "The Treasurers account is forwarded here-1 with. „ „ "Geo. H. Farb, Chairman." Mr. N. Blyth moved, and Mr. N. Oldham seconded, the adoption and printing of report. Carried. RULES AND REGULATIONS OF SYNOD. The report of the Committee was read. The Bev. Canon Mabbtat moved, the motion being seconded by toe Bev. Canon Coombs, that the report be received. Carried. STANDING COMMITTEE. Tbe subjoined return, showing the attendance during^ the^eaT^ was presented: — The Bight Rev. the Lord Bishop, 6 times: the Very Bev. the Dean, 16; Bev. Canon' Mairyat, 8; Bev. Thomas Field. 7; Bev. George Dove, 7; Rev. Canon Russell, 6; Ten. Archdeacon Woodcock, 5; Bev. W. B. Andrews, 3: Mr. F. Wicks teed. IS; Mr. Neville Blyth, 10; Mr. W. A. Hugbes, 9: Mr. William Mullett, 8: Mr. C. B. Young. 8; Mr. N. Oldham. 8; Mr. W. S. Douglas, 8; Mr. B. B. GbU*y, 7; i Dr. Duncan, 5; Mr. H. H. Turton, 5; Mr. O. K. j Richardson, 4; Blf. William Goase, 2; Hem. A. Blyth, 1; Mr. F. J. ffemlerson, 1. election oVGdHurnm The ballot for the Standing Committee for the ensuing year was then proceeded with, the Kers. Canon Fabb and W. W. Bvbank desiring not to be appointed members, there being difficulties in -the way of regular attendance. The Her. A. Homier and Mr. W. Molleft were appointed scrutineers, and the following were chosen:—The Very Rev. the Dean, Rev., Canon JSfanyat, Bev. G. Dove, Rev. T. Field, Rev. D. J. fl. fbbetson, Rev. W. M. Andrews, Bev. J. Pollitt, Messrs. N. Blyth, W. A. Hughes, H. H. Turton,' F. Wiefesteed, K. Oldham, B. B. Ooiley, C. B. Young, W. S. Douglas, W. Aiu51ett, A. Spewce, Dr. Duncan, L, W. Thrupp, J. Acramau, and Major Warburton. emcsBs. The various offices were then filled op thus:— Treasurers—Messrs. A. Spence and H. H. Turton; Secretary, Mr. F. WiekBteed; Auditors—Messrs. G. W. Hawies and B. B. CoIIey. NOTICES or MOTION. A number of notices of motion for discussion at future meetings were then given. BATS OF MEETING. The time of meeting for the transaction of busi ness was decided to be Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday in each week, at 3 o'clock, with the exception of Thursday next (Holy -Thursday) and Tuesday, May 2% the day set apart for the celebration of Her Majesty's birth. SUSPENSION or STANDING OBDERS. On the motion of Mr. J. W. Bull, seconded by Mr. L. W. Thbupp, the Standing Orders were sus pended, and the House went into Committee to consider motions. ELECTION Or 8TNOD3KEN. The Very Rev. the Dean asked leave to bring in a motion to repeal the 3rd Fundamental Provision. His Lobdship read the provision. The Dean stated his reasons for desiring an alteration, so that the election of Synodsmen should be triennial instead of annual. He believed it would cause Synod to be regarded as a more im .portant body, having more weight, and would induce the laity to take a greater interest in its proceedings, and in Church matters generally. He aid not propose that the Committee elected by the Synod Bnould be also chosen for three years, but only for one, and would have new blood infused into it at each election. At present gentlemen were chosen as Synodsmen for only 12 months, during which they were expected to attend I merely a few days, and there were few who, as the election was for so brief a period, con sidered it worth while making themselves familiar with the constitution and the mode of conducting business. In England, where the stipends of the clergy were largely drawn from tithes and other sources, it was not so essentially necessary as here, where all was voluntary, to enlist the active co operation of the laity. The Synod would, like the Parliament, be triennial, and the latter was found to work well. The Rev. Canon Mabbyat seconded. Leave given. The Dean then moved— "Tiiat the third of the Fundamental Provisions be repealed and the following substituted:— * Synodsmen shall be elected triennially, and if a vacancy occur another may be elected for the re mainder of the term." His Lobdship thought that withont any altera tion the congregations would return year after year the best men to represent them, and those most aquaiuted with their forms and modes of trans acting business. Sir J. H. Fisher had been elected for the 12th time, and Major Warburton, Mr. N. Blytb, and others year after year, the Churches thus giving proof of their confidence. There might on the other hand be an obnoxious Synodsman chosen for three years, who could not be got rid of without a motion creating ill- feeliDg, whereas by an annnal appointment such a one could be quietly dropped out. No injury, he thought, had accrued practically, and there being no good ground for altering, he would like to put it to them whether more evil might not result from the change than was now apparent, and whether the loss might not be greater than the gain. If they made alterations without good cause id their Fundamental Provisions,it might be difficult to see the end of them. The Dean had no desire to press his motion, unless it was the wish of a large majority. He sought to secure the greatest efficiency possible; but the reasons on the other side had a good deal of weight. Mr. E. B. Collet felt obliged to the mover for bringing forward the motioD, and desired to see it thoroughly discussed. He agreed to an extent with the mover, bnt thought many of the congre gations would not be pleased at being compelled to elect for longer than one year. Mr. T. U. Jones considered that the Synod would be improved by tbe adoption of the motion, and would be regarded as more permanent carrying more weight. If persons were elected for three years they woold be more careful to become acquainted with matters which now they did not enquire into. Major "Wabbubton asked if this resolution would apply to the present Synod, and was answered in the negative, as the resolution would be prospective. The Kev. Canon Mabbyat was opposed to the motion. For 15 years no evil result had arisen, and the congregations found reason to return year after year those who served them well. There was no necessity for the change, although it was true that new members heard at these meetings a great deal they would not at first clearly understand, and a three years' course would in a measure overcome that. Many from the country could with difficulty attend one year, and could not do it for three. The Dean replied, and asked, and obtained, leave to withdrawn the motion. WORKING EXPENSES. Mr. Wicksteed asked leave to bring in a measure to alter the first Fundamental Provision as follows:— " That after the word 'Synod' in the last line but two of the first Fundamental Provision, the fol lowing words be inserted—'provided such con gregations shall severally contribute to the various funds, in such manner as may from time to time be fixed by resolution of Synod." His Lobdship explained that the working ex penses had absorbed funds intended for Home Mission purposes, and thus would ask the con gregation to itake the burden up themselves pro rata. Leave given to go into Committee the next day. THE MARRIAGE ACT. The Very Bev. the Dean asked the President of Synod— " If the Marriage Act lately passed in this colony is (a3 the lex tod) to supersede all other marriage laws; and whether it is to be the rule and guide of the clergy of the Church of England in this pro vince in the solemnization of marriage, even if inconsistent with or repugnant to laws civil or ecclesiastical still in existence in the kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland." A law might be passed in the colony at variance with the law of England, and he desired to know whether the clergy would be justified in declining to act. There would be inconvenience if every clergyman decided the matter for himself as to time, place, and circumstances. If, for instance, the colonial law made marriage with a deceased wife's sister legal in South Australia, were they to decline, and what was to be done as to times and places? These were matters of grave importance. Bis Lordship replied as follows "That the marriage law of this colony appears only to vary the mode of solemnization of mar riages; that by the declaration on which the Synodal Compact is founded this diocese is iden tified with the laws and customs of the Church of England, which the clergy are bound in conscience, as far as applicable to this colony, to cany out. That to determine the limits of such applicability is the proper object of a Select Committee of Synod. "That no law of marriage in this colony, repugnant in principle to the marriage law of England, can validate such repugnant marriage, nor hinder the effect of such illegality in regard to inheritance of property in England." SUBSTITUTES. The Very Eev. the Dean asked:—"Whether there be any rule in the diocese, as at home, rc 3uiring a clergyman, if absent from his usual ■<AiAn /«» flkA f anf o rio«r fa nvAm/Jn An AWf^ntnn/1 duties on the Lord's Day, to provide an ordained minister las his substitute, unless otherwise per mitted by his ordinary." Bis Lordship said that as they were part of the United Churches of England and Ireland, they were bound by the well-known rule of the Bome Church which obtained in the parishes there, and that no rule could be in force here to contraveue that. ENDOWMENT SOCIETY. The Very Rev. the Dean asked— "If the Church of England Endowment Society intend to carry out one of the conditions under which they raised their funds and obtained sub scriptions from the public, viz.—That the income derived therefrom should be appropriated in such manner as Synod might direct.' Bis Lordship read from the trust deed and regulations clauses bearing on this subject. FINANCE COMMITTEE'S SPECIAL REPORT. "The Finance Committee, in taking into con sideration the different funds available in the ensuing year towards the increase of clerical in comes, have, in the first instance, considered those which are under the immediate control of the Standing Committee. "They find that, while the expenditure in aid of clerical incomes has been increasing, the revenue has been diminished. The grants in aid of clerical incomes for the year ending Easter, 1863. was £580: do.. 1867, £511 18s. 2d.; do., 1868, £660 8s. 2d. For the year ending Easter. 1868, the receipts from the General Church Fund amounted to £110 13s.; portion of Allen's Pastoral Aid Fund distri buted by Synod, £400; total, £510 13s. For the same year the expenses of Synod have been £134 18s. 6a., leaving a balance towards clerical incomes of £376 4s. 6<L , "One of the causes that have led to the excess of expenditure over revenue has been the cessation of the annual grant in aid from the S.P.G., which formerly bore the outlay for the aid to clergymen who might fairly be considered to be labouring in missionary districts. Another cause has been the principle of aiding several Churches, when served by the same clergyman, at the same rate as if they were distinct cures. " With respect to the two funds above referred to—Allen's Pastoral Aid Fund and the General Church Fund—the Committee have to make the following suggestions, feeling it to be highly desirable that every Church in the diocese should contribute to the latter, and that both should be relieved from the burden of Synodal expenses. " 1. That ' the' Standing Committee, at the end of each year, shall present to Synod an assessment on each parish of the amount they ought to contribute towards the expenses, based on the number of the respective congregations. That this assessment, when approved by the Synod, must be paid by every parish, being raised in any way that they think proper; other wise the amount will be deducted from the grants in aid of their ministers' incomes, and they will be excluded from the benefit of repre sentation. This payment to be exclusive of the > annual sermon and collection for the General Church fund, which for the future should be devoted exclusively to Home Missicw purposes, and vrsicb should be enforced upon every parish under penalty of exclusion of their representatives from Synod, "Anticipating the adoption of this suggesffon, the Committee append an assessment, which they would recommend for the ensuing year. "2. That the following alteration be at once made in the scheme for distribution of grants in aid of clerical incomes-, "That the maximum amount of grants in aid to each individual clergyman, however many Churches he may serve, shall be £99 at the full scale. "The Committee have also had wader their consideration the funds at the disposal of the attorneys of the S.P.G., generally known as the 'Leigh Fund.' '"They And that no funds will' be available from this source during the next financial yeae to aid of clerical incomes, and that the attorney* will have quite sufficient demands upon their resources for some- yearn to come to fulfil existing fiabiiities. especially if they continue their present Bcbeme of endowment. " The Committee consider that the- pfan of endowing Churches is the most satisfactory way of aiding the-different parishes; bat one- great diffi culty of proceeding in this good work is that the very small amount towards the General Cbnreh Fund prevents the Synod doing its shine according to the present scheme. The very moderate amouBt of £15(1 a yea* is all that is wanted' from the General Church Fund to continue the endowment of two Churches in* each year, so longas-the annual contribution of £169 a year for this purpose from the Lord Bishop-of St. Asaph's continues} They would earnestly wish it to be impressed upon parishes that whenever an offer of endowment is made to them tbey should not let so valuable an opportunity slip post, as the terms are bo ex ceedingly liberal aadl the benefit so great, "'For the benefit ©if easy reference the Committee append a memorandum of the plan that has hitherto1 been adopted1 in endowing Churches:— "l. To- secure the maximum amount of £50' a year— The Parish raises £18716- 6 The Synod, out of General Church Fund and St. Asaph's Fond, contributes ...125 0> 0 The attorneys of the-Leigh Fund give ... 187 10 0 "2. To secure £40 a year— The Parish, gives ... .„ The Synod Leigh Fond ... 3\. To secure the minimum of £20— The Parish gives ... The Synod The Leigh Fund £500 0 0 -£150 0 0 .. 100 0 0 .. 150 0 0 £400 0 0 ..£75 0 0 .. 60 0 0 .. 75 0 0 .£200 0 0 " And the attorneys guarantee 10 per cent, on these amounts for 10 years. " In respect to the Church of England Endow ment Society, the Committee leam that this Society proposes to invest £10,000 in land, of which £3,390 is already so invested. " That the failure of the crops having postponed all revenue from this source has prevented the appropriating funds for endowment of Churches or increasing clerical incomes this year. "That when the fnnds are available they will, in all nrobability, be applied first-of all in the way of endowing Churches, and the central funds of the Church will thns be relieved to the extent of that endowment. " In conclusion, the Committee append the fol lowing abstract of the estimated requirements of Synod on the Churches of the diocese for the ensuing year:— Towards Synodal expenses £16210 0 Annual collections—the Home Mission Fund in aid of clerical incomes ... 290 0 0 For endowments 150 0 0 £51210 0 Unless this amount be raised, the aid to Churches will have to be given pro rata to the amount amiable. " NEVILLE BlttH, Chairman." BEPOBT OF THE COMMITTEE ON DEPOT OF BOOKS OF THE SOCIETY FOB THE PROPAGATION OF CHRISTIAN KNOWLEDGE. "Your Committee have to report that they visited the Depot, at Mr. Howell's, Bundle-street. They learnt from him that he had sent home for books from the S.P.C.K. to the value of £100, which have been paid for by the attorneys of the S.P.G.; that .since the arrival of the second order he had not sent for any more books, nor had he handed over the proceeds of the books sold to the attorneys of the S.P.G.; that he has in stock books to the value of about £40 or £50. consisting of small Prayer-books, &c.; As the Depot is evidently at a standstill, and as Mr. Howell thinks that the books of the Society are not adapted to the Ade laide market (except assorted with other books), the Committee would suggest that the present Depot should be closed at once, the books in stock being either sold for what they will fetch, or handed over to form the nucleus of a new Depot, should one be opened. "In order to ascertain the amount of capital required to form a Depot, the best mode of carrying it on, and the chance of its success, your Com mittee wrote to the Managers or Secretaries of the Depots at Sydney, Newcastle, Melbourne, Hobart Town, and Perth, and from them received much valuaole information, which is appended to this report, but is too voluminous to print. I These can be seen at the Church-Office.] "From these letters the Committee are of opinion— "1. That there would be a large demand for the Society's books and books of a kindred nature if they were wellselected. "2. That a Depot once fairly stocked, cheaply managed, with a fresh supply of suitable books ordered quarterly, or oftener, in small parcels, might be made self-supporting. "3. The Committee are also of opinion that such a Depot is reqnired for the benefit of the Church and Sunday-schools in this diocese. " The Committee therefore recommend— "1. That a capital should be raised of not less than £300. by subscription, or loan, or both. "2. That a Depot should be established in a suitable shop in a central position, the salesman or saleswoman receiving a percentage on all books sold. "3. That the Depot be managed and books ordered through a Committee of five (including the Secretary and Treasurer), to be appointed by the Standing Committee. "4. That all receipts (minus the percentage) should be paid by the salesman every month to the Savings Bank, and that stock should be taken, the accounts audited, and a report presented yearly to the Standing Committee of Synod. "5. That orders for books should, as far as pos sible, be forwarded quarterly, and no credit be given. "6. That the Committee shall be authorized to fix the price of the books, and make all necessary arrangements for the working of the Depot, "Chables Mabbyat, Chairman." REPRESENTATION IN SYNOD. The Very Bev. the Dean moved— " That the 9th of the Begulatious, not funda mental, be repealed, and the following substituted —' That consecrated churches shall be entitled to return each two Synodsmen, save where two oi more may be served by the same minister, when they shall only be entitled to send one each.'" The present rule provided dor each of the city Churches sending four representatives and the country two, but in many instances a clergyman supplied two or three congregations, and thus the representation was not fair. He wished to pre serve a due proportion between the town and country, and between the lay and clerical element. Where a clergyman served two small Churches in the country the representative was as great as one of the large city Churches. The country, it was sometimes thought, was swamped by town; hut it was not so. It was thought that the town could do as they liked with the funds; but this was a mistake, and the change he desired would equalize whilst it strengthened Synod. Mr. W. S. Douglas concurred with much, though not ail, that the mover advanced. The Bev. Canon Coombs recollected that when first discussed the present plan was adopted to put the city on an equality with the country; but circumstances had greatly altered, and a large number of small congregations had arisen, which had not been contemplated should have the same representation as large ones. For instance, St. Philip's, Belvidere, or Emanuel, Chinkford, with 70 people, got the same as St. Paul's, Port, with a congregation of 500. Mr. Thrupp urged that it was more a question of lay and clerical, the respective numbers of each, than of town versus country. He desired to maintain a powerful lay element in Synod, for their experience proved that it worked well. If they diminished the number they would lessen sympathy and confidence. The change would strike 10 laymen off the city at once, and about 15 off the country. The present mode gave a good number to choose the Standing Committee from, and to lessen that would weaken the body; but his chief objection was the reduction of the lay element. The Bev. W. B. Andbews thought those who had much experience in the country would agree that it was desirable to keep up the number of representatives. If a country charge could omy choose one to send, it would often happen that the one elected could not attend, and thus the congre gation would be unrepresented. Mr. W. A. Hughes quite agreed that Port Ade laide and Gawler s-hould have more than two, and that the lay element should be kept op. The Bev. Canon Marrtat found difficulty in getting two for Port Adelaide, and would rather, for that reason, not have more. Voting by orders secured the thorough independence of the clergy. The Bev. D. J. H. Ibbetsgn considered the reasoning of Mr. Thrupp cogent. It was desirable to maintain the lay element, and the matter ought not to be decided by the present position of the Churches, but on a broad general principle. He could not agree to disfranchise small Churches, which suffered sufficient disabilities already in having only a share of a minister's time and labours. Any change here would tend to produce uncomfortable feelings. Mr. B. B. Collet regarded their fundamental principle in representation to be that of having two laymen to each of the clergy. By their list now they had 65 of the former to 3)4 of the latter, and it would be wise to leave it thus. The Bev. Canon Farb had summed up the result, and found that by carrying this they would lose 18 laymen and add tvro^ ana he was not dis posed to support that. A discussion as to the status of St. Bartho lomew's, Norwood, ensued; but it was ruled to be irregular. Mr. J. W. Bull objected Jto the change in the interests of suburban Churches. His Lordship—Under provision No. 1 Synod would regulate the representation of any congre gation, and could meet each separate ease. They desired to enlist the sympathy of the laity in every part of that extended diocese. The rote by orders was the palladium of their liberties, and no neces sity had been shown for the motion. There were about fit) Churches which might grow into 380, ana the influence of the city would then increase. Such a place as Chinhford, with it» 70 earnest worshippers, might become an important town. lhe JjJtAH replied that as to voting by orders, he should be sorry to see the laity on one side and the clergy on tbe other. The Standing Committee must be mainly chosen from town, as country i members could not attend; and yet the only valid objection was, he thought, that it would reduce tile number from. vksBrvooM be chosen the Com mittee. Thar motion was put and negatived. ENDOWMENTS. Mr, Wicksteed moved, and Mr. W. A. Hughes seconded— "That in case any Church does not accept ite turn jw endowment, it shall be competent for the StanCommittee (with the concurrence «f the ».K&.) to endow any Church {previously endowed at- less than the maximum amount) which may have given notice Co- the Hecreiary of Synod of its* being prepared to pay up the amount necessary for additional endowment. Carried. The iter. Canon Mabryat moved,- the Her. Canon FabB seconded, as a rider— " Or any other Church which is ready to accept an offer of an- endowment; those Cikurches thst have paid the money—not less thaw £75—iwtw Synod to have fee preference." On being put, there were 10 for and against,- and tbe Bishop gave his casting- vote against therider. On the motion of Mr. Wiokstked, it was-then resolved— " That in case any Church does not accept it* tnm for endowment when offered, it shall be com petent for the Standing Committee to rdfceusider the case at any time when funds are avatfabl* before going to the next Church on the list." STANDING C0M*IOTKE'8 REPORT, 1868-9. This report was then-read:— "General Church Kurd and Home Mission,— The fact of the decrease of funds available for the purpose of augmenting ministers' incomes, whiter the requirements for tnis.purpose were steadily on> the increase, having beemfcreibly impressed upon fee Standing Committee; they requested} the Finance Committee to taste the whole question of Church Funds available foe this purpose into their consideration. They now particularly direct your attention to a special report; of the Finance Com mittee appended hereto, wherein you will find a suggestion that the fund hitherto known as the General Church Fund shall for the future be called the Home Mission Fund, and'sball be appropriated solely to endowing Churches- and assisting clerical incomes, and that an Incidental Expense Fund be raised by a levy upon each Church in the diocese as per scale (vide, )> to pay the expense* of Synod. "It is the cause of extreme regret to this Com } mrttee that the appeal made by them in their last report (see page 190) for increased and general con i tributiona by all tbe Churches,.has not been more effectively responded to; m fact the gross amount collected has fallen more than 25 per cent. "No collections have reached the Treasurers i hands from tbe following Churches;—Holy Trinity, : Adelaide*; Christcliurcb, North Adelaide"; St. Luke's, Adelaide; St. Paul's, Adelaide; St. Ann's, i Aldinga; St. Mary's, EchungaSt. Matthew's^ Hamiltont; St Philip's, Echunga*; Holy Trinity, Hi vert on t; Emanuel, Chiukfordt; St. John's Aubnrnt; Christchurch, Yankalillat; St. Paul's, Hay Flat); St. Mary's, Kooringa; St John's, Salisbury*; Holy Trinity, Melrose, t * Paid since, t Cares vacant for the whole or greater part of the ; year. " The balance left on hand from the final grant of £500 per annum from the Society for the \- Propagation of the Gospel (£153 8s. 4d.) has been entirely absorbed. "' It will be seen by reference to the special i epoxt of tbe Finance Committee, that in consequence of the devastation of red rust, the Church of England Endowment Society has been unable to collect any rents this year, and has had no revenue to dis tribute. .Not only has the balance of the Allen Fund of last year, £142 lla.4d, been spent, bat also an amount of £100 contributed by the Lord Bishop; in addition to the usual amount of £409. The balance from the S.P.G., and the balance of savings, and the Bishop's extra grant from the Allen Fund (sources of income which will not be available m the ensuing year), represent more than one-third of the total amount of expenditure on the year's account. "Mission to the Heathen.—The amount sub scribed to the Mission to the Heathen is slightly in advance of that of last year, and has been in most instances specially devoted by the Church contributing to some particular mission, a course which your Committee recommend to be con tinued. "Endowment of Churches.—St. Peter's, Glenelg. has been endowed during the year in the sum of £500; £157 10s. having been contributed by the parishioners, an equal amount by the attorneys of the K.P.G., and the balance, £125, by the Synod; half from Borne Mission Fund and half from St. Asaph's Fund This entitles the incumbent to the interest obtained from investment of the money, and which the attorneys guarantee shall for ]• years amount to 10 per cent. During the vacancy of any Cure the amount iB paid to Synod, to he disposed of as the Standing Committee may see fit or Synod direct. "Clergy Widow and Orphan FjhuI.—A state ment of accounts for the first two years, ending June 30 last) appended to this report, appears to your Committee to be very satisfactory. S o deaths have taken place since the last report affecting the fund. One clergyman has died, hut he left no , widow or child. i " Depot of Books of the S.P.C.K.—The report of , the Committee, appointed at the last Synod, to I inquire into the working of this depot will be read I to you. An abstract of it has been already printed I ana circulated. "The Committee appointed to collect and append to the fundamental provisions and regula tions any resolutions passed in Synod since its formation have not completed the work, but will probably present a report. "In acccordance with the resolution of Synod ; tbe Standing Committee transmitted petitions to I the losal Legislature with reference to the pro posed alteration of the marriage laws. The Act passed last session is in a great measure in accordance with the spirit of these resolutions. " The question of tne separate lay representation ; in Synod of a Church forming only part of b minister's cure has been brought under the special notice of the Standing Committee; but not being a matter delegated to them to consider, they could only refer the parties applying to the Synod, and now direct its special attention to the question. " The Standing Commiteee have had the pleasure of welcoming back to the Diocese the Lord Bishop; who was entertained at a public breakfast, given, in the Church Office, at which there was a large attendance of members of Synod and other members of tbe Church. "James Fabbell, Chairman." Beport adopted. BED BUST. The Secbetabt explained that 12 months'bills had been taken for last year's rent, as owing to the red rust the rents could not be collected. CLERGY WIDOW AN© ORPHAN FOND. Several questions were asked, and some conver sational discussion ensued as to the state of this fund, the benefits derivable, and the terms upon which the clergy could enter. SUSPENSION OF STANDING ORDERS. These were again suspended to admit of notice of motion for the following day. SUNOS. We subjoin the amounts of the respective funds: —Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund, annual sermon from 29 Churches, £125 lis.: General Church Fund, £115 6s.: Missions to the heathen—General, £12 16s. 7d.; Melanesian, £60 12s. 7d.; Lacepede Bay. £47 Os. 3d.; Point Macleay, £6—total, £126 18s. 5<L; clerical incomes, £742 2s. &L.; current expenses of Synod, £13715s. We also annex the report of the Lacepede Bay Native Institution r— "To the Standing Committee of Synod. " Gentlemen—I have the honour to submit the annual report and balance-sheet of the above mission. "During the post year the average attendance at the school at Lacepede Bay has been about 12. In the early part of the year there were several more seeking admission, but they could not be accom modated in consequence of the smallness of the building; at present there are very few children, as at this season the parents generally take them away for a short time; but the Superintendent in forms me that they are now returning; and that she expects them all back shortly, with the excep tion of two, who have left for the school at Point Macleay, which is nearer to the tribe to which they belong. "Miss Ewens having intimated her wish to resign the eharge of the school, Miss Armstrong; who has been very highly recommended, has been appointed, and will commence her duties on the 13th of the month. "It will be seen by the balance-sheet that the establishment has been conducted at a very small cost, and much praise is dne to Miss Ewens for her economical management. " Rations have been regularly supplied by the Government, and any reasonable request for supplies, &C-;, has been readily complied with. Many thanks are due to the Ladies'* Working Committee of St. Matthew's. Kensington, for further timely supplies of clothing which have been roost acceptable. "Although the funds received by the Treasurer have been sufficient for the current expenses of the year, it is most desirable that the sum of £100 should be raised to enlarge the premises, which are moBt inconvenient, "C. B. Young, Treasurer. "May 4,186S.'* His IiORDSHit- having declared the Synod ad journed till Tuesday, at 3 o'clock, pronounced the Episcopal benediction. The Synod reassembled on Tuesday afternoon, when His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide pre sided. The Very Rev. the Dean and 16 clergymea and 24 tayiaeu attended. After prayer, the minutes of the last evening were read and confirmed. Various notices of motion were given. The orders of the day were then called on. The Dean's motion for a Committee to report on the means of supplementing the incomes of the clergy was negatived. Mr. Blyth's motion that an assessment be made on each parish for its share of the Synodal expenses was carried, and the scale proposed was referred to the Standing Committee for readjust ment. The limit at the aid to the income of any one clergy roan to. £56 in one year was carried by a bare The report of the Committee codifying the reso lutions, of Synod was adopted. The Secretary was instructed to write to the Re sident and Directors of the Church of England Endowment Society, ashing for an explanation aa to the working of Rule No. 7 in their Rules and Regulations filed in the Supreme Court, with regard to disposal of the income by Synod, The Standing Orders were suspended, to enable Mr. Hughes to give two notices of motion. Adjourned to Wednesday, the 20th. at 3 o clock. 