LOCAL it U EN RIM L I INTELLIGENCE RURROWA. IFUOM Ol'lt CMIMIK-PnKnTIXT 1 November 23. — Wo an: nut. gi-ni-rallv ii very plea sure-loving people in llurrowa. mid vet. to one unaceu'Uompd to J he true turn nfj our dispositions, the thirst Cor amusement which nnw prevails wnnhl appear strongly unfavourable to the staid ami sober characters of our townsfolk. The peel week has offered more then one inducement to sei-k n truce with our worldly pursuits. and to bani-h for a hriof season the cares and responsibilities of nlEite. to yield to the soft allurements of picn-iire. As the causes which led to this interruption in our monotonous existence may desei vo n. passing re mark. I shall briefly refer to thpyi. Racii elder's Pi cto hal Entertainment. — On the evenings of Tuesday and U'eilne.-rinv Inst a largo number of tho inhabitants visited Mr Han cock's Assembly Rooms to enjov the rich treat of viewing, in vivid paintings, tint various leading in cidents of the late American war. Both evenings presented syinptoms of the near approach of rnin: nevertheless, many persons availed themselves of this rare opportunity tn see re-acted on canvass, the thrilling and memorable events which ehar.-ic- teri-ed this internecine warfare. 'The principal leading charac'ers. anil the localities of. historic in terest. were, also clearly delineated . and altogether the entertainment « as one seldom presented in theee parts, and well deserving tho patronage of the public. Racks. — Tho raocs which havo bean so long spoken of. wero at length served nut for tho public gratification on Thursday. It requires little per ceptive faculties to ho ahlo to seo that tho spirit which at one time supported thin national pastime is fast dwindling into insignificance here, and that unless a remedy is applied the Hurrowa races will soon become a thing of the past. The day offered every attraction to the levers of tho turf, hut this inducement was insufficient to bring them out. tier were tho promised tiei-firma'-ci-s of a few crack steeds a wait mere Mie.ces-I'nl. The attendance then was very limited and the amusement all'erd- eil bv no me ma equalled what had hitherto ap peared on the same c mrse. I subjoin an am: aunt of the running. Soon nfter one o'clock the hell j sounded for the first, race, and the horses got in j readiness Tor tho event. Mai len Plato of I Of. ; mile heats, weight, for nge. Mr Dade's Castiereagh l 1 Mr Preston's Waitawhilc 2 3 Mr Petl's Red Rose 3 1 Mr R Igevorth's Tiger 4 2 The horses got well nir. hot Oastleroagh soon came to the front, anil after a badly contested race was landed the winner. In tho second heat, a similar result decided tho victory in favour of Uastlereagh. Town Plate of 20/. ; open to all horses: two miles, one event. Mr .1 .1. OnughlinV) Traveller 1 Mr D ide's-Oooramin 2 Onoramin was tho favourite, and promised to have, an easy victory. For the first round of the Course, the speed did not exceed an easy gallop, (looramin leading till the last half mile, when the rider of Traveller allowed him more rein, and lie came in tho winner by several lengths. The re sult gave much satisfaction. Publican's Purse nf 15/. : for all horses 1 one and a half mile, one event. Mr P linn's Rearguard 1 Mr Dole's (lasllereugh 2 Only two horses started, the lead being taken by Rearguard, which lie kept till the close of the raeti. Hack Race for 51.: mile heats, weiglt. 10 stone. Seven horses started hie miu race, ard after con siderable urging with ivhin and spur, tie prize was awarded to Mr K Igeworth's Playboy, winning in tho it wo last Ilea's. A Horry Scurry, which was won by Mr P. Ryan's Beeswing, brought, tho day's sport 10 a li iish and soon after the spectators began to move towards the town, evidently intent on feasting their eyes mi something more conducive to satisfying the cravings of appetite than the hel-oli. airing of a number of sorry steeds fur gain or honour. AUCTIONEERS' LICENSES — The following persons have applied for auctioneers' licences their applications to be entertained to-day: — John Carter. M. Conlan, H. J. Sampson. A. F. Remmington, W. Rudd, John Lyons and George Smith. VIOLENT ASSAULT -- Yesterday about noon an assault, was committed by Messrs. William and John Cook, of Bango.on the person of Patrick Caveny, close to the gate of Mr Colls's accommodation paddock. It is stated that the two brothers Cook had concealed themselves under the shelter of a live fence awaiting the man Caveny's return, whohad been sent to the paddock by his master. Mr Colls, for some horses. As soon as he made his appearance he was set upon by the Cooks and assaulted. It is alleged that the cause of the assault was Dint- some years ago B iveny, while in the service of the hue Mr Henry O'Brien, of Douro. was in the habit of impounding t.lio Messrs. Bunk's stuck when trespassing on Mr O'Brien's linngo Breck run. The case is in the hands ot Mr Wilkinson, .the attorney, a-d as the whole circum stances connected with it will lie made the .-object of inve-ligatioo before Die m igi-tratcs to-murroiv, we forebear further alluding to it. FINE FRUITS - Not withstanding the dryness of the season, some of the cherries grown this year in gardens in and near Yass are of very superior quality, of large size, well ripened, and of beautiful colour. On Saturday last we received a very good sample of the varieties known as white heart, black heart, and may dukes, grown in the orchard at Hardwicke residence of Mr Remmington. (Mr George Colvin - gardener). They were of excellent qualit, nicely ripened, and of fine flavour. The white heart or bigarnon cherries were not, however, so large as some we remember to have received from Mr Beckham's garden at Binalong. From Mr My!es' garden in Yass we have also had sent two samples of varieties we believe exclusively in the pos-session of Mr Myles, so far as the district immediately around Yass is concerned. The one is designated " Bayer's early heart,." the other "Adam's crowned." The former is a handsome well flavoured, beautifully coloured, and large sized cherry. The trees were introduced to Yass last year by Mr .Myles, and are now, although very young, in full bearing. PISCATORIAL— .Seven perch wero eauglit in the Yass River on Saturday night by Mick the Hardener. The average weight was about 2 J I li - . CoWAiiut.Y Assault. One night last week -time , malicious per-on threw a. stone from tho south side of Meelmti-street towards the gate of the yard at lite rear of Mr Ci. T. Robinson's simp, and which struck one of his employes in tho eltest. felling him to the ground. Wncther tho stone was intend ed to iniure the man or do damage to tho gate is almost immate.ial, as lite not is indefensible 011 either score. Rink Kmu. — Yesterday a fine otnu. standing anoutsix tew; li'gn. was run down on Yass Plains and brought into town. Although the wilful do- structiou nf the emu during the close season is an offence under tho Hume Act, it is next to impossi ble to prevent, kangaroo dogs from the infraction of the law. nod therefore it is to ho hoped that the p dico will not he nver-z.'ahms in such cases. Hiio-s Dkskuuation op tii k Sahiiatii -Our atten tion has been drawn to the I, act that a number "f the young hopefuls of Yuss are in the habit of spending their Sunday afternoons in breaking-in horses near t be Pound yard. This amusement on such a day Is suggestive of Din probable future nf these colonial aratis. A policeman is a very use ful officer Verb sap. F lo it 1 0 u lt u tt k — The admirers oT the beautiful in botany will lot delighted -with the sight of a fl iwcring plant from Queensland, which is now in full 1 1 In 1 11 amongst a- very nice selection nf flora belonging to Mrs Hart of the. Royal Hotel. We are unaware nf the scientific namo of this very exquisite and strange production nf nature. We have, however, been told that to the northward it is known as the Hogli.-h Trumpeter, but it lias all the appearance of a tropical plant It is of Die bulbous genera. Die foliage springing rmm a distinct teem from that on which the fl overs appear. Tho predominate Colour of the specimen re'erred to is scarlet, each blossom having six petals, formed somewhat like tho African tulip, bell-slmped. and, slightly drooping. We leave any further description to those who nro more ver-e'l in the stt'j ct. of botany than ourselves, and shall he very happy tn give currency to any particulars with which l key may Invour us. We are sure that. Mrs Hart will have great pleasure in showing this he autilul flower to those who dosirb to o>„ it. Otto u a i, and Dramatic Society. —A full mc-t- ing iii the iii. 111 hers ol ibis society took placo last evening at. Hart's lioynl II. m l. Mr T. Bolls in the chair. After some preliminary lai-iness. ami the election of a lady member, the c.m-idei-a'i.iti of a pp. gramme lor the forthcoming entertainment, on Boxing night took place, and occupied (he members for sonic time. The manager of the socio- y Mr Sliipwny. explained lolly tho nature nf the proposed concert, arol the secretary. Mr Rembronko, was in structed to receive Die names iff those members who intended tn take part, and also the title of the songs tn he sung on the oec.i-inn. No diliioulty was experienced in this re-pect. both ladies and gentlemen coming forward with their a-sistano t. so that the arrangements for glees trios, duels, and solos were mat ers of no difficulty. A Inice, with a ca-tu comprising ten characters, was announced by the manager, the names for which woie filled ut>. 1 tie Mi--„s Hall, of Y1-0 mhti ira. who so kindly as- i-ted at the late concert In aid of the building fund of the .Mechanics' Institute, and who wero unanimously elected members of the society at its first organised meeting, have again responded- to the invitation tn give their vnluable assistance on the 20th December next. Asnneflfirt will he wanting to make the forth- c uning entertainment a complete success, no doubt the amusement of the. public will be well catered for. while the object of the concert will he amply realised. We understand that ticket- will he early distributed, due anmnineoment of which will ho made. Iltens'-NitsT r.ntuHNO. — It has often been remarked that, although not a domestic lord, the sw ill, iw- exhibits the least amount of timidity in its contact with our rare. Its nests are hnilt under the eaves nf nor Ionises, and in munv ea-e in the very rooms theniseives. A remarkable instance of ncst- lnilMing may he seen at the present time in the vestibule of Mr Hart's Royal Hotel iu Booina-street. I nmciliately above the street door hell, and on the very spring which causes its agitation when the crank is moved, is a .swallow's ni'st. and strange to say there are just now unfledged lords in the nest who appear to he quite undisturbed bv the sound tli-it. is to awaken attention in the furthest-part of the large pile of building. A i.i.kokd Discovery op a (! n.n-lli-ap.txo Quartz Reef. — On Kiiday Inst, a pctson who is well known in Yas.i brought into town a very fine piece of gold xvuiiihinu ovnr mm mincto. which Im nn-mrtpti \va procured from some pmoos of quartz, which he had p uinded up. Tim ipdd had Imen roughly ex tracted from the quartz and formed a button about, us large as a penny. piece, ami about three or four tiroes as thick. It was purchased hy Mr Oottrell of the Southern Store. .The seller desired his name not to ho mentioned. Ho asserted that as he was riding past a certain locality ho noticed what- he thought to he a quartz roof cropping out. On ex amination he difcuvnrcd it to be auriferous, and broke pieces off. TheQe im pounded up. with the result stated above. lie aln said he would soon return" to Yass with a much larger quantity of gold Since the person referred to left town, it has been stated tbat tho gohl sold was procured from several rich specimens . got. at Adeiong and elsewhere some years ago. and it i not impossible that the truth may he f und in t he latter asserii'-n. M.r Joseph Hart purchased, on Saturday, nearly three dwts . of gohl winch had been washed ou: of 1 he s >i 1 on the Yass Uiver, Tub IiATKst S.vaku Stouv. — A lew davs ngo one of the shoplwrds ooipl drillo station, between liioalong and Murrum- burrali. received a wound on one nf his hands, the swelling and pain of which laid hiin up for some time. One day last. week, while lying down and ca-t.ing his eyes towards the foot of his bed lie discovered that a large black snake shared bis couch with him, and that the reptile was bnsilv occupied catching flies. Tim unfortunate shepherd was horror-strivkvit and know not what »» do. In his fright he nnpmrs to have disturbed his snake- ship. for it glided from ofTr.he bed. an I made tracks from the hut. On the snake getting outside it. was noticed by a inan who was passingaf Mm time, and speedily killed. It mea-'iirrd over live feet in , length. Very many snakes have been destroyed at Dcmnndrillc this season, amongst the number a carpet «nake, six feet long, hy Mr Vere Hnsnard. IInii:iin.iv Iniipmavitv. - We have heard of an occurrence alleged to have taken plac not far from I (IniitaniMndry. which for the sako of nur common humanity we tni-l, is unfounded. It true, the police have certainly hern very lax in the perform ance of their dot v. It sem'ns that, a married woman, wlmn near her c mfinnmpnt. was abandoned bv her husband, who I sta-ed u\ Imv h-ft with a paramour, and no provision made for what was sp edilv to happen. Some days afmrwanls the no fortinm'e mother round t. the h-.dy pariially extended on Mm bud. and the infant also deal. Mi» cannot more fnllv r.pfcr to the terrible picture which the interior nf the hut, pro-Pnted: and were it not, that our infirmaot. is a nmdb'al gentleman we shoubl Im inclined tn imagine i ho occiirie-tce of ton hrn'al and inhuman character to haw any foundation in f:tcf. Ihtr/.i:, — UV are informed that a gentleman resi dent j 11 town has intimated to Mr Pembrnuke, the teacher of Sr. (.'lenient' spbo d. his intention nf giving a handsome priz.to (lit; hoy m-st. efli dent l't grammar at ? ending the school during lS '»b the examination qoe-iinns to lie prepared hy the donor "i the prize. Much good would attend dip pri mary sch ml if nin'-p personal interest were evinced by the touTi-ip'TipIn gener.-illv respiting them, M e should !)' glad fn boim that, a -imilar course to that prnpo-ed hy the gentleman referred to was mow generally adopt. -d. hxoHitiMW.- Tho Dirty Swamp Fchnnl. house Dli burnt, district), which wtt completed onlv a few days ago. and which was to have been occupied in the course of the week was. m the iHilt November, horned down. There can b" no doubt, but it was the work of an incendiary, as the building was not occupied, and there are 'no evidences of the fire having occurred from withou'. A similar villany was al»n perpetrated about a 1 fortnight since at I caput Swamp.— It. is reported that although the Duke of H (inlujrgh will vi»ir Victoria during his next, voyage, the Mahitea will not conic nearer than Sydney. —Thomas Oranc has been charged at tho Melbourne Police Court with fraudulent insolvency. The prisoner bail been a draper at D illurat and failed, when his goods were taken pos-c-'ston of bv Ids creditors, and he was put in ch irg" of Ihcm as agent, to dispose of them for the benefit" of his creditor. However, lie with bis wife made away with IfiOH/ worth qf goods, and for this was committed for trial on a charge nf l-trcenv about s«ven weeks ngo — Tho c isc of Mr D lokorstein of Sydney, who has been charged at the. P.i io» Office with evading Customs duties, has >mon remove I to the Supreme Court. — Mr Fl. J N K:ng. who has been po-tr- mastor nf liallarat for a long time, ha been arrested on a charge of omLezz'emenr. Mr King's accounts have h»'cn examined, and it appears, from what has been stated that d.-falc uions to a large amount, have been discovered. On Sunday morning, about one o'clock, a man named iradshaw. residing in Ooulhorn-street. was violently assaulted at arnfil. and had his bead severely cut uith a tumbler. He. bled prnfu»'lv from a wounded blood vessel, and Dr. Hell had to he sent for to dress the wound nod stav the bleeding at this earl v hour. — The Premier ha inlormed the residents of Oiaftoo ihat tho new (iovernm«nt ha no iotcntior. of m ddling with the sugar lio'y. — A snake bite has b- en cored at Hcech wurrh. after the p itiont became ioen-iblo. by Professor Ilalfords method ol injecting ammonia into the vmns. Mr P irstrr lists been returned for i Ik; Halting. Mr PaNer having withdrawn. — A n-w mercantile bank is announced.— 'The question «»f the Dnmmis.-iMMer.-hip ()f Outturn is to he settled this week. — Seven ofth« Hi- hops in the Metropoli tan Province of Australia arc rxpcc'ed to attend the service of consccra'ion of Sr. Andrew's Cube- drill on thu 30th (St. Andrew's Day). There will he about seventy clergymen and seventy -six choris ters —Sydney was on Friday visited with one of the most violent galos of wind that have ever swept over the city. The temperature was eon-id oahly lowered, but tho immense cl-mds of du-t which were raised were inneserihuMy disagreeable, und 1 f»r ahimt an hour or two vcrv few persons were j t>he. seen walkiojr about the streets. — The, Dunedio | papers report that. Darren, the imtorimis hurghir, | who was not permitted to reside in Victoria, and ! who wiote letters to the papers complaining nf the I injo-tice, shamm'oi reformation, got gnni emph>y< | incut, hut \v;p afterward caught in Mm act ol hur- j g'lary, with numerous f-keleton keys in his po.fs- sioti.—A u Mercantile Hank of Sydney" will com mence operations immediately. s The capital is two hundred thou-umi pound , in 2),000 shares nt It)!. Of this amount nm half has already loom sun- scribed and allured, and >hu balance will not nc offend to the pohPc until after an Act of Incor- j puraiiuo ha he,m obtain d I rum P.u li iment. I — Several fJuvernnient fficmU at Molh urm- 1 wi-ri' Mi-pended iu conwrqoeneo of not having ! paid their pren.ium.s upon the pi at aniees .whic'i i th"v have to give for the security nf Hie 1 public nwn'-v.s ennnn tt«d to their charge.— ! John Httvuridge. superintcmlent at Wantalnulgery, | wo fl Quod by tho Guudugai beach ia tho bigbettt penalty of M with \l costs for an assnuU on his servant, Donald McGregor. — There were some smart showers on Tued «y and Wednesd ly in tho neighbourhood of (inndagai. and indie itioris of a further rainfall, which, however, has not vet arrived. There appears to ho a strong probability of our being afflicted with a hot. drv season and its nttemlant evils. — ft is a>d tliftt nf'er tliis year tbo pn-t-offp'o at Clarendon (Ivirongillv) will be dDcontinu ol.— Great comp'aints are ma le at tno larg« number nf sheep travelling the country; over 71)000 have pased tfie Ten-mile Creek. Albury. within the pa-fc.ix weeks, e uiog up what, little gtass tliere i. The town contnon is m o'C 1 W: o aaodv dcert than a gras comnmoag.. — At a potind sale. Ttm-miie Greek, thirteen beat) nf horses were sold at an average of a'coit I/. r er be.nl. - The growing pro. sp-ritv ol t f ic Ten-mile (-reek district is shown in the fact that the residents there nro endeavouring to gnt a provi-innal school started in addition 10 the public school already in suceesCiil operation at the. t.ownh'p tinder the care of Mr 01) moghue. — A Mr Gammon, oheoii-t. of Heech worth, has adver tised for three thousand Mnr ay Uiver leeches. — At thu Albipy Quarter S»»sions. on Xovetnb t 20 Mary llopgootl and William Kirk were j-dnMv charged with cvtle stealing. ICirk pleaded guilty, ami Mrs ID'pgno I was found guilty. Setrence de ferred. A witnesfor the defence, S. U McK-oiziu wa arrested to he pot on hi trial lor perjury.— Mr George Milner Stephen, the barrister, is an nounced a tit prnh:ihl-» ctndidito for (hmtrnl Gnmhe.rlftinl. — On Thursday Mr Walsh, butcher at Waggft Wagga. killed a bullock shown hy Mr Johnst-on. of Alhuty. at the recent Pastoral Asso ciation meeting. 'The animal was a truly magnifi cent one, and weighed when slaughtered and cleaned no less than I2K> lb.- On Wedri".day la-tan inquest was held at the Hospital, Wagga Wagga. on the hndv of ft man named Andrew -Sut ton, who had died from suffocation caused by an aheess in t.b" throat. The verdict w a died from natural causes. — A most suec 'J-fdul haz tar, in aid of t'nc fund for tin erection of a Presbyterian Olmreh in Wagga Wagga. wn held on Tuesday and Wednesday evening, in Mr Tompson'a new H'ore. The amount realised is not yet accurattdy nc proceeds nf the hazmr, I truce auction, and a col- iemiiin made nn Wednesday evening, the amount will exceed 700/. S.\u« of Pi uzk Stock. —At the sale of prize stock by M r G. A. Mint, after the close of the Pastoral Show on Tuesday last, there was a very numerous attendance of buyers, and the bidding for snrnn of the ar.im il were extremely spirited | Amongt iliem Mr F. Ohishnlm's shorthorns «cre I much admired and sought after. Pri»>e.e Arthur was pu ' chased hy Mr Waller, for 2'W 10«. Mnorong hy Mr Gordon, iv»r 21', Wall me l»y Mr Sinclair, for 10/, N'ap'ib'on, by Mr -lame IV'vridg, liir 17/, and six fine eows by Mr Wituhycr and other I gentlemen at vi»-y good prices. 'Two of Mr Lee\\- I hulls were sold to Mr Mate, one for 2 »/ l()s arid I nnntlipp 11/ 1 0 j. Mr Daw's prizfi civ its wi-rt- greatly admired, antl a'er so «»e competifioo were sold at HO per head. — FF'"(/r/o Jt iiffffci Ex press Tuapr Ma a ICS A circuiar despa'ch ha been trnnsmit'ed by the Higbt lino. the. Duke ol fhiekingham nrul Gonndos to the Governors oT j Hritisb c'>lonies. enclosing an extract of a report from the 0 tmtniinnors "f (hitom. relative to the ex iminatmn ol go uis en transhipment Jl a me ins of more eff-'Ctoal'y preven'ieg tho forgery of trade mark, and bis (trace request thai th" neeessarv iostrucMorw may he i..-u"d to tht» Go tc.m Mfii»«er wi t'»i n the re pec t i ve Go vernumnt, 'I'h" fnliowing i ih" extract referred to : — " ICx'rai from report, of Gonimisioncr of Customs, da'ed 2-Sth Ju'v. Wc would, however suhmit. fur your lord-hip's consideration, whether the nHeniion of the Gustoms officers in the British c donie might not he caHc l to the provisions ol the lfilt .section of the (Iii-fom Cnn-nlida.' nm Act. ! S'jJ. rc -drring li ible »o f r Vture any arti.-les of foreign manu'ac'urc. and packages of such uriich' bearing any name, brands, or mark being or purpm-iiog to be the name, hrvun!.. or ma'ks of manufaCiurers in tin (Jnitrd Kingdom. ' nod to the I0?h secti»m of tho Am. o! the last | se'nn nf Parliament. 30 and ill Vic., cap. Si. j which requires the pernn entering goods in lrao-i' through thi iit'iiivrv to luroih si duplicate sliinping lull con'ai dng the particulars of such good and as »hno dnpTcato ,-bipt iug hill are sent with the paper of the shin in which tin good sire imported into the B'-iti-h po-scs-i-ms abroad the revenue officers there nro thereby afforded the mono of knowing tho origin of the good, and of soizing nnv foreign good hearing British marks whic.li may hi imported in the repecti ve colonies ; and wo would further submit whether yotie |..r»lhin may not think fit to cooi- munioate with her Maje»v's Secretary of State To the. o -donie with a view to the neoearv in- c-niotinns b"ing iood ne.enr Hngl v — signed. Tip's F. FiHiMAvri.i-: OKKWII.I.H G. D. Bbuicblbv Ourom-broie. 2'h . I u 1 v . Nu\V t'APKIt Ooi:iKt'nV|)KVCR. —Some' flf OUT eorr»'«pondents evidently think that by ft little fl ittery tbev can imr»r »ve the chsince of ir.« rti-m for their b'Her. Tlmv are gr:evon-lyj mistaken In " your valuable and ii>fiuenlial journtil by " your prudent and independent cmr-c " — bosh ! Our subscribers know ad almut tbat sort, of thing; and 'without, being fold, we have a fo'erablo opinion nf ourselves. If von wish to.suy anything, put your t noughts into writing at. onec Head over what you have written Prune Jr, wi'btut. remorse. Frnso all high-fi own expression. If you find an unncces-ury word nut with it. If ym are assail- ' Ing any person or enuso do so in temperate lingtiago and gl ve n your real n »me and ad- dm and they - hall not he surrendered under a «v ciio'umstane.oM. If von have ground for your at tae.U yin have tv thing to fear. It is cow-irdW to nk n. by your incognito t«i bear ymr responsi- hili y- Sav that yon have written rim enclosed iti haste." er lh»t- "time will not permit you to correct " and we shall throw your manuscript into the firo. Why ask u to correct your scrawl when we have frequently to slight our own production for want of time ? Tct u have fuc ioeidents unusual occurrences complaint if you will, and extrao>dinary change nf any kind nod we. shall feel grateful, though y««u wrote with a pot-slick: hpt we don't want ymr opinion. Don't pray ii iti't attempt Ingic or semiment— it won't do. Stand on your own merit without, leaning upon u as a crutch : and when ynh do any hing. do it, promptly, clearly, fairly, and uprightly. With these condi'ion our casual c UTe.-ponilcnt will wn tmpC, know how to write and what to write. They have our anrnnee that who!, is writtoi to n in coo fi b»nco will he curcIVly protected. — Rvr.nintf A' uw. I sf k LaI'K r at \ r. PRI7.K Imoiit. — At hie cnn- cbis'on of the. evidence taken at the inquest on Joseph Patrick Fitzsimmoos. the Gornner said he should refrain from summing up. a the evidence had h»»en given clearly, tun! was no doubt fresh on the mind of ihe jury. It was hi duty, however, to extdabi to 1 1 1 fin the law by which they were to be guided in coming to a dec'-i-m. If two persons debhorurel y went out. to fight, and d-atli ensued, the person who caused that death was. in law. guil'v nf wilful murder: and all person who might- he pmsent a u'ders and abettors were also guilty of wil'ul murder. In (ho prcent case it appeared from the evidence that a forlnijght or three u"i»ks tigo dec-a>ed and prisoue.r Smitli carnn into coili-i m iti sum' way at the old burial ground Ii ti G corg"-. street ; one round wu fouglr. there, nod tlien : thev th n deliberately arranged for ih" fight to come off uf it huh.>quimt period; nearly three | weeks olap-ed. and they then fought on the night | nf (ho 11th in-tiint. iu H dt's p old >ck and death i was the rc-ulf. 'The juiy would h ive, to c »n>ider j three thing in w»ui. oianfic' did the tbaja-od j no'tU. with ni death: ijid the fight lake place on I Ihe spu- of tlo mo netit a'o( iti the loai. of p i-sion . or wa ira p» em<-di:ated affair. If tltev Cfm-olered ! t h:i r. the light wni premeditate!, lion ii wou'd he j their tltry to bring ia a verdict ol wiiUi! sru-dcr : agaio-t Smirl, tin J the two prioo«os wlio aeted a 1 seconders : hut if thev cim-ii|>'ied that the fight was not premeditated, but look place on ihe spur of tho moment aad ia tho heat of passion, their verdict would he one of manslaughter only. Wi» mgartl to prisnnars Bliarli's Bamiinn. Bonjatn a Davioa, and David Ritzpatrick. they did n anpear— jadsjina fr„m t|,e cvi.lenco — to'liavs tak-ti any am iv part, in the Hj.hr.. nlthou»h tliey wero liable to punishment for hciajr present. He thern- r.ira dDitharced them from custody. Tho jury were then left to 'themselves to consider their verdict, and after deliberating for moro than si- hours, they returned a verdict nf manslaughter naninst prisoners I'Mim.nd Smith. Oeorgo Bart- Wright, and i'eter Cunningham. The coroner th-rriipnn c ununited these three prisoners to tnko their trial at the tu-xt sittings 0r the Central' Criminal Court. B lil was refused —.5 M IJtra'il r The coroner, on ree-iving the verdict, staled his disagreement with ir.. and considered that most probably Die Attorney. Ceoeral would indict tho principals and abettors for murder. Mi: thiols an. m- L errua v. -The following ia from Satin day s Melbourne Ilera'tl : - The Inst has riot, been heard ol Mr Reck ami his lottery, for n number i.r the shareholders, being dissatisfied nt thu result of the a fair, havo commenced proceed ings against Mr Reek fir the recovery of the money they pan! f,r the tickets. A Mr Sinnott was plamtill in one of these cases yesterday and he sued Mr Peek for trie recovery of ()/ ds. the toioo of throe tickets. Tho plaintiff stated that u hen Die Ai torney - Henrral threatened to slop the lottery he went to the defendant and asked for the return or the money, hut Mr Reck declined tn give it up The defendant pleaded illegality. ' n.nd submitted that a'ter the Attornev-fienernl lind JjlSsri his per mission. the c-uirt could not go behind" that per mission and decide whether the prizes were works of art. Mr Reck also submitted. throii"li his counsel- that the lottery had taken place durinr- October in Tasmania, mid at the present time the pnz's we-t! in eniire of distribution, consequently plaintifl' ought not to reccivo the money. Hi's In. nor gave a verdict for the amount claimed but d -cities! to reserve the points raised hy tho de fendant. Ml- Bitoion for the plaintiff, and Mr Quintan fir the defendant, Suicide at New town. -Tho Sydney Coroner held an inquiry on Wednesday, respecting the death of William (ieorge Hardener. Rolico-ser- geiint Rinhortv stated that about half-past fl o'clock on Saturday last, from information ho re ceived. h» proceeded to the resiilorice of the de ceased. Wellington-street. Newtown: ho went into a bedroom, nod found him lying on a bed : deceased hail nothing on hot. his shirt: his feet and hands wero covered with blond, and lie had a chilo bandage lied round his neck: he saw a great quantity of bhwd on a mattress which was lyim- on the Hoor : there was also a quantity of blood on the pillow under deceased's head: Dr Sedgwick arrived ,-hortly afterwards, and put a low stfteliM into Ihe wound, and then recommended deceased's removal to Ihe Infirmary : he (witness) accordingly procured a cab. ami removed him to ihe Infirmary'; on their way deceased looked at hi - hands and in- , quired for a ring whieli had been taken off his lingers hy his wife. Ann Hardener, deceased's widow, staled I hat. her husband was a native of London, and was about )1 years of age ; he was a e'erk in the New South Wales Marine Iti- urnoco Office, and lal li en engaged Duua: for the last three year-; ho was in Die habit of occe.-ionally drinking to excess, hut she had not noticed any thing peculiar in his manner of Into ; lie went to hii-iness on l-'iiday morning and then appeared to he in his onhnary slate of mind, and thero was nothing in his inanner to lead her to infer that his ;-'inind was in any way injured: he returned homo ahont fi o'clock in the evening ; l.e was then slightly under the inllaence til drink, but was very eheorliil -in fact he h id never hoen more, cheerful than ho was that evening . he retired to tied about 7 o'clock and bad a glass of grog -l.orl ly afterwards-: when' she retired to lied almut 10 o'clock lie was asleep j nothing occurred during the night to disturb her; -he ami li-r husband were the only persons in Die . house; about 7 o'clock on Satiir day mot ning she got up and went down stairs ingot some hot woter lor him to' eiia-ve Willi : on he,- return to tbo bed room -he. found him .-landing in front, of Die lonk- iog-gla-.-; ,-l.e not iced l.lood on his lolt shoulder ; tin seeing the blood she immediately said to him uli. Willi,., whit have you done?' ,-|,e did not hoar whoihor lie made any au.-vver or not; .-ho ran lor Mr (hod y. a ne-glihour and then went for Mrs ' Curtis, a I ri cod ; on re: u-t.ing homo she f uu nil a d -c.tor ami several per- mis in the Imii-e ; her hus band had experienced no pecuniary dilliuullics lately nor \va- there anything -ii his domo.-iic re lation.- to cause him a noy anco ; she had never heard lit m threaten to take nis lilo, and never had aov reason to think lie wou'd commit suicide: ho kept three razors on Die dressing. table : thu r uxors produced, cuvei-ed with blood, appeared to ho llm-c which belonged to her liu-hand, James Conley .-toted that he had known Die deceased for tho last ten years . as lur as his knowledge ol him extended he ha I never he, n addicted. to excessive drinking: lie had never seen uiiyihing in his inanner tn le.nl hi ii to think that lii.s llllflll It'll a t III r.n t wn.1 . , to . ceased re.-ided almut one hundred yards from his (wiioe-s.-) residence: he. was standing at his doo- on Saiiiulay morning when lie saw Mrs Hardener come Irom her house anil run Inwards him; -ho was very much agitated, and appeared to be in a fainting cuidiiiun, she besought him to go tn he: hti.-h.iml wliil.-t she went to M r Curtis's : she did not say what was the matter with her husband n. immediately proceeded to Baidenor's hon-o, and ->: entering Ids bedroom lie found deceased sitting nr. Die foot ol Die bed; deceased was alone in the room ; blood was gu-liing from his neck : on a table he loii nd nvo razors, which ho immediate I v look pos-issmn of. anil removed Diem tn one of I lie rooms downstairs; he then went fur Dr Ilnbhs and Dr Se.lgwi. k. ami they were hull) in attendance in a short time ; IJr Suilgwiek dressed tho wounds, anil deceased was afterw arils removed tn the Svil- ney Infirmary. Mr W. J. H. Bedford, house sur geon III the Infirmary, stated that he received de- c-ased into Die in-tiiution almut a nuarter na.-t 'cluck on .Saturday morning; on examining him h« found an inei-ol wound ale tit three or fmu inches in length, situated in front nf the neck be neath tho r.liin ; the integnmen s nnd niu-cles to gether with Die trochee, were divided; he nisi: loiinil a second ir.cised wound, about two-and-a- half i ujhes in lingrh. sit-i-itcd on Die left pi ie o! Die neck: blood was Mowing from tho si eonG wound ; the edges of ilio wound had been brought togei her with .sour es ; deceased smelt sirnnglv of brandy on his adiniss on. and was mi Bering iroui delirium t reman-; on Saturday night deceased had a mure severe aitack iff ih-liriiio) tremens; ami on Moo lay aft em, iuii he slifTivil from an attack "f bronchitis; the same night Die delirium was nuirii worse : ili'C "iiseil nnver heeame rational, and gradually sai-k ami died on Tuesday afiernoon ; death was o u-ed by the injuries to Die threat together with delirium tremens and . bronchitis : the woo ml in front iff docoa-ed's neck was mo which might h ive been sell-infl'Cted. The jury returned a verdict t-o the effect that deceased c un- tni ted .-u'oiile whilst labouring under a fit of tem- porary iiisaoitv. — Ilr.ralil TiinouaaK's Sun. — A correspondent, who lias had an interview with Bnptnin Speedy and his pi-otpee, the Rritice Alaniavou, semis us (the Melbourne Argus i ill: following:—- Dijaich Aliimayou is tall lor his ago. hut touehingly childlike in manner. He is altogether a very interesting child. Bajituiri Speedy speaks of him as an iill'eclinnate, gentle, nag'-able h-y. Daring the journey lie showed much anxiety to see the Queen. Captain Speedy said the little Rritice c-uihi write and rend lineally in his own language, which enn.-i-ts ol 251 letti ifl. ami has no vowels. Tho little fellow also speaks it few words of I'lng'i-li. Ilo tloeps with Ouptaiu Speedv, and is much ilislre--ed il parted from Die captain lor ever so shorra time. When the Queer, of Ab\\---iniu was ilting Captain Speedy was a-k' to lake ch ug,- iff the child, hut he had in tai'-' \- oh in 1 1 oalh In Die living nio'hrr helioe he v emiiisie-l wilh her sin. Ihe Queen said to bin Have \ mi a nimher? The an.-wer was' Yes Then.' lemai ked the Queen. : swear. May Be cause my mother to ti e a hitter death il I 'h not towards this child as my own son.' " Bupluh'. Speedy swore he would do to the beat ul bin ability, aud tbo Qucon was satiaiied. Pa'TOral Proprrtt. — Thn Oinlnman. station in tfin Tomtit district. th- property of Mr .1. .1. Fennell of Wngia Wagga, with 1 1 0 '1 whoop Inn heen dis posed of to Mr J. P. Jenkins, of Nangus, nt n ir'i-ifiiotnry prion and terms. TitR R'hv. W. Itos-". — Tho Rev. W. Rosa, Mndorator of t.ho Prnslivtorian Clinroh. how for pnmo time pn=t hn"n extremely ill. 1 1 io numerous friends will he glad to Ictrn that ho is now hotter, thmigh fltill very weak. ntol not yet nhlo In on'lo'tnlto llm performance of divine worship.— Qnulbnrn Ilcrald. Ourativr Mesmerism — I no J.anneestnn Ex aminer reports that on Saturday nftornoon. 3lsr ultimo, at the Mechanics' Hull, in the preoption of his Worship tho Mayor. Or Hanson. Mr fl. J. Wooden, and several other gentlemen. Professor Hnmo trea'od Mr William ITattley. an old resilient in Luincestnn. for rheumatic pains, from which he has been a great eulToror for the past twenty- five years. The. seat, of tho malady was the hips and knees, and sn violent had it become of late that the muscles had contracted, and one of the legs being drawn tip and rendered shorter than the other. Finding the pahis increasing. and the inconvenience resulting therorrom becoming greater. Mr Hottley applied to Professor Home, who undertook his ease gratuitously, and met hint as above. The pntioot was placed upon his fttomnch nn a form, nnd the professor having slMttly prossed upon the hips made Ivn or three mesmeric passes over tho legs. This treatment was repeated several lim s. the subject tising and pacing tho room, nnd on each nee ision gaining strength. Tho experiment occupied about ten minutes, nnd nt its close Mr llottlev expressed liiiu- floll astonished at tho relief lie had oht lined : and on leaving the hall he found that lie was able to run up and down stairs without assistance from banister or otherwise — a thing he had not pre viously heen nhlo to do. 1 p.sterdav Professor Hume gavo Mr lluttley a galvanic liat'n. and made a few more passes over him. from which ho re. ceived further relief. At the present' time his limbs have so far resumed their original elasticity that lie can' lace up his hoots, which he has not been able to do for some considerable time. Inquest r.N tiih Death ok tiik i.atr Mrs Gaiivrv, ok Clarence Rivrr —We take tho fol lowing report of thn in(|oeston the late Mrs Oarven front thn Clarence Observer of tln» 7tli ins-ant: — An inquest was hold on Monday last, before the coroner and a jury nf eight, at the Argvle Hotel. Reek Month, touching the death of L-misii. wife, of the Rev. .1. IF flarven. of Palmer's Island, who had died on Saturday. Tho following is an on'lino of tho evidence adduced t —.lames Hempiln. of Palmer's Island, deposed that, lie had resided at Mr Oarven'a for about three years, and knew lite |. deceased well : nn Saturday mnrtting lie was awnko j by bearing Iter say to her daughter and servant that, she was tired of living there any longer, and j should go away that, dav ; about lialf-an-linur later the servant called him. in alarm saying that, Mrs Qarvett was in convulsions, and trembling all over : tin went, to Iter room. when Miss Harven in formed him tit -if Iter mother It id acknowledged to have taken poison : site was llp-n in violent con vulsions: Mr Ciarven c imp in and questioned Iter, when she said. " I have tittten strychnine - I inn very wicked;1' mustard and water was ad ministered. hut bail no effect., and site died about noon. In answer to questions from the coroner, the witness stated that, deceased was of a very religious disposition, that site was subject to great irritaltilit v for some months past, caused by a severe fever and lite death nf Iter oldest sun, that lately site wandnre. I in her conversation, nnd was subject, to frequent mental delusions and fancies, nnd had been closely watched In consequence, lest she should commit sulci is: that ho and others believed site was becoming insane — site not having any domestic troubles, except the dea'lt of Iter son. to cause Iter strange conduct. — Mr Oarven corroborated the above evidence and added t lint thero had been some stryehninn in the itotisn formerly, and (baton lite previous day Miss Oarven had made a minute search for the purpose of re moving it. or anything that might, lie d tngnrnns to deceased, from thn house : hut it could not he found : on Saturday the phial of strychnine pro duced was found in a drawer which had been searched t.ho previous day. when it. was not. thero. that the deceased was in a nio.st desponding state that site fretted very much upon religions matters nnd thn death of Iter son: lie had no dootit. how ever. that Iter mind was seriously alfec'ed. nnd that' some, twelve years ago site had sttfTered a similar effect. — Dr. Rruliii deposed that, deceased was of a very nervous disposition, ami hat been much debilitated front a typhoid fever some months ago; lie had not seen Iter lately: that the svtnptoms described liy the witnesses were indicative of poisoning liy strvchninn and that, nn analysis of lite contents 'if the .stomach cu Id hardly ho performed satisfactorily here. The jury returned a verdict of poisoned by strychnine administered by herself while labouring under tenipnrnry insanity. Tin: licensed lady was a native of t.ho colony, nbnut forty years of nge. and leaves a large family and numerous friends to lament their loss. Tiik Oollector ok Customs— Thn Hera'd in some leading remarks has the following: — Wo am informed that Mr IWnny has linen advised, and that lie has adopted that advice, to resist' thn wishes of the present Cnvernnient nnd to stand hv his commission as Collector which was issued previous to thn resignation nf the late Ministry. Rut tho alteration in the rules nf Civil Service, under recent royal instructions, o infers upon t.lic Government nf the day an unlimited ptwor in dis posing of public servants. It is therefore, within the circle of that, power to remove Mr Rnrney. We have always condemned, and sholl still resist, nny fretenee nn tho part of a Ministry to nn exercise of arbitrary power. There is n na'ttral equity which ought to he paramount in every community and every Administration. Its over sight would be dangerous, not only to the public welfare, hut In nil social ml Hons. We would therefore rather that Mr Ragar should have his way. and that Mr Rernev should re tain his position in spite of other considr- atinns, th ari establish a precedent sn calculated to shako all ennfidencn in public employments. He was appointed by tho Governor upon thn ndvice nf thn Ministry then in pniver. The commission ho holds was issued as a result of their policy. hut its revocation by their successors, unless corruption could lie imputed, would he an net which might punish an individual, but to the cost of the service itself. Colonial Ts'ntisTnv.— the Melbourne Argus nf Wednesday contains thn following Yesterday, a remarkably fine patent hansnm cab attracted cnnsideraltlo notice in thn streets for the elegance of its shapo. its colour (lake prettily pinked out with yellow), nnd tho completeness n'l its fittings. It pnssnssos a variety of improvements, the driver's Bent being moveable, so that he can adjust tie weight on his linrse according to his load. It has. besides the large side windows, two smaller ones at thn hack, which, when opened on a lint day. will give a plensnnt current nf air. Its curtains nro worked hy springs, nnd its cushions, carpetings. &«.. aro of new designs. _ Although large, its weight is only a trifle over eight hundredweight Altogether, it is tho handsomest cab tho city now possesses. It was imported hy a well-known hansom oah driver. S. Coulter, at tho American Stables, in Rour'ke-otreet. from tho establishment of Mr Mooro. coaclibuilder, South Head Road, Sydney." Tub ApPOrNTMBNT OK AtTORNKY-GrNERAL.— A few days ago wn ( Umpire) alluded to tho appoint ment, of Sir William Manning as Attorney-General, without a seat in the Cabinet: and. shortly nfter- wards. we published an rxtraet. front die Government Gazette. which contained an amended distribution oT lite public business, amongst tiio Severn! Ministerial department oftlie Government. These arrangements are of greater importance titan they eppear to ho at a first glance. The Attorncy- Genpral, while lie hehl office politically, that is. wi'lta seat, in thn Cabinet and the Kxecntivo. had under his control a department whose annual cost to the country was. in rnnad numbers 100 000/: in other words, the lato Attbrucy-Geuoral and Premier, Grand Jury, and Public Prosecutor had the patronage eonnocted with a yearly expenditure of about 100 000/. Hut hy n memorandum, dated tho 0t.lt instant, tho I!nnour.»hio John Robertson, tho Premier, lias transferred the business connected with this department to the charge of the Cnlonhil Secretary Tor tho tine being: sn that hut It the present Attorney-General ami Solicitor-General have each independent action so far as tin: impartial administration of justice is concerned. All offices prcviuusly enumerated under the heading "Ad- ministration oi Justice" aro now trulcr the control of tho Colonial Secretary. A ohanga so radical ami important will not escape the adverse criticism oi Mr Martin and his supporters when the House again meets. It will, probably, lie contended Unit a layman lias taken too much to himself, and that no noo but a prolessional matt ought to he in the position assumed by Mr Robertson witit respect to a profession w hich lias hitherto bean so exclusive and so dominant. From the difficulty, lion ever, of filling tlie office of Attorney. General it became absolutely necessary that smite inroad should In: made into a state of tliings| which tended So sonou-ly to c nbarrns every gentleman that was c tiled upon to form an Admini-lration. To the lion. Mr Robertson belongs tho credit ami the boldness at aholi-iiiog tin: pdiiical stares of litis oliiee entirely; wn: hope lor ever. He has acted in accordance with his previously expressed convic tions. and no doubt in lull accord witit the views of his colleagues especially Mr Forster; and there can he little doubt lie will meet witit the approval of a considerable part of tho legal prnlcssinn ami tho whole of the iinii legal part of tho cnnnuuriiry. Too administration of justice is now Treed from induction ihnttemlcd to give lite colour of partiality. Without any distracting influences, or regard for those wiio litivo received his patronage nnd speeial favour lite Attorney-General is now in a pn.-iiion to act independently, and to decide overy case brought under his notice on its own tnetits — and on its merits alone. Tub Latest about Count von Attrms.— A friend wiio hud an interview witit a passenger from Cape York, lots communicated the following to tho Glut- s'one Observer : —The Hamlet's Ghost, witit lite spurious Count on hoard, put into Somerset (Cape York) <tn or about t ho 10th nf August. On being boarded hy the pnlio.e hunt lie made inquiries as to whether a frigate had arrived there, and on hoing answered io the affirmative became agitated and (eagcriy inquired about iter movements, hut ap peared relieved when told that tho vessel wis II. M. S Virago, nml that, site Itad left the settlement io January. He remained eight days, and during tho whole time kept a bright look out for vessels in the offi'ig. The captain arid erew were discharged 10 consequence of a row between the " Count" and 'the c t plain, in which revolvers were drawn. The crew refused to put the captain in irons. It ap pears that tho Count Itad kept them in nwo by threatening to givn tlteoi tweotv-fivo lushes u- picce when lie fell in witit the Austrian frigato lie was always expecting. Tito Acting Police .Magis trate induced tile crew, to ro-ship under a fresh agreement, all hut the captain and steward, who remained behind. While in port thd Count was always dressed in the uniform of an Austrian captain of cavalry, and wore a sword when on shore. Ilo made a great display of tho money lie hud with Itiin, and purposely left bills of exchange lying about his cabin i'nr visitors to see. many of wli'ch were lille l in for large amounts, and only wantod Itis sigoaturo. lie succeeded in imposing upon tho authorities, taking supplies for Itis vessel and paving for tiicot in bills, which the holders will doubtless di-cover nro about as valuable as drafts upon Aldgute pump. Among those who were swindled are two naturalists, one named Thorpe. Tito Count bought stuffed birds. &o..; from them, to the amount of about .10/ hut. some slight compunction must have touched him, for. contrary to custom, ho paid them half in cash and half liy ti hill. He sailed for Ihitavia on the eighth day. leaving letters for tho eaptr.in of the Au-triun Irigato and Itis I) inkers in Sydney I The frigate was ordered to follow him on to Timor. The cap tain lie Itad witit him is one Austin, lato master of the brig Reliance, which was wtecked en the Solo mon Group, lis was picked up and brought Into 11 iweo. when ho shiupod :rs mate on it mrd tho Hamlet's Ghost. Two days after site left Somer set, tho schooner Captain Cook arrived from litiwen, with a warrant for tho arrest of tliu Count. i iik. Rack Country on tub Murrumiiidobe Disnucr.— Information front gentlemen on lite Lower Murrumbidgee conveys the cheering in telligence of a considerable rainfall in places along the valley of the river, and to a distance of nine miles back. Near K trrarherry fully an inch nf rain fe.ll. ami a'sn almut Yarraha, d'ite township n! I lav was c ur.pletelv deluged. Considering the droadlul accounts we have heard of tin: state ul the country io these parts, this rainfall must be a perfect Godsend. :tnd more nf lite saute hlnssing would, doubtless, be thankfully received. — Advertiser. Tiik i.atb Ma Ambrose Kvtb. — The Me'bourne lleratd , referring to tho decease nf Mr ICvte says . — Too deceased gentleman was born in Nenagh. county Tippernry. Ireland, in tho your 1822. and win consequently forty-six years of age ut the time of Itis death, lie serins to have been brought up to the wine nnd spirit business : hut he could not have Itad much experience in that tiado. as at eighteen years of age ho came to this country, wit ere lie soon obtained employment at a bakery and grocery store in Fiioders-laoo. kept hy Messrs. Crocket and Wilson. This was in the year 1810. and out of his small earnings of Ills, a week, hy Itis own statement, he was enabled, hy practising the most rigi I eennotny. to save (Is. a week; ami when Itis wages were raised Ins savings became larger in proportion. Mr ICvte u'tcr.v.irds nh- tuined other employment, and in 1815 was enabled to set up in business for himself. He opened a stnnll grocery and hay and corn storo upon the site of the Great Eastern dining-rooms, in Uourko- strect ea-t. His economical liabits enabled him to save money, and very soon lie commenced to acq lire property. sn that in 1857 he had ho far improved Itis worldly position that lie could retire witit a sufficient competence. Various specula tions into whiuh he entered proved successful, and Mr ICyto very soon, hy his own industry and shrewdness, tuna-sod c<n-iderubla wealth. Tito leaso nf tho Theatre Royal was forced upon him. nnd lie purchased it unwillingly ; bo in the first year lie cleared himself, mid since then his rental from this property formed a not unimportant item in his annual income It was through Itis efforts that the Gullingwoud Gas Company was siicess- fully launched. Ilo wns nf pointed the chairman, anil remained sn to Itis dentil. At the general election of ISfil Mr ICyto wns returned as member for Fast Melbourne as the colleague of Mr Cohen, and he was again successful in IhGl. heating Mr Aspimill; hut. was defeated at a sub sequent election for the satre constituency hy Mr N". Levi. Afterwards, upon a vacancy occurring at Richmond through Mr Wardrnp's sudden dis appearance from lite colony. Mr ICyto offered him self to tho electors, nnd defeated Mr Coppin. Itis opponent, by a large maj irity. Mr Kytc. when in lite Assembly, supported lihornl measures, nnd nkhough not a fluent or educated speaker, would frequently utter good sound sense. At the hist election lie did not cotno forward. Mr ICvte was strict in matters of business, hut was liberal in ntuuro Few knew his real character, which ivas capable of much good. It will be remembered that bo was the long unknown donor of the 1000/. for exploration purposes, and that he gave the Argus prizo oops for agricultural purposes. Those who knew Mr ICyto found in hi in a good friend, and will deeply regret Itis loss. It is believed that Mr Ivy to has left his family well provided lor. although he was not so wealthy at the time of Ids decease as he was onee snnposed to ho. Wksi.f.van District Meeting. —Tho annual district meeting of the Wesleynn ministers in tho Goulhiirn district commenced on the 12th instant, in tho Goldsmith-street church. Ooitlhurn. There were present the Revs. W. Gurnnw, chairman oi the district: J. Ur. Dowsnn. Yass: J. Glilton, Gunning: II. W. T. Piacombo. Hraidwood ; O, Stoad, Adolong; G, D. Msdgwick, Queanbeyauj R. V. Danno. Crookwell ; II. Wiles. Witgga Wagga; J. A. Waddell, Young: and R. Johnson. Herrima. Tno proceedings commenced with the usual devotional exercises, conducted by the chairman of the district; after which the lie v. Mr D >wson was elected secretary. An important resolution having reference tn evangelistic work in the interior was adopted, viz. " The spiritual i cquircmcuts nf the outlying portions of lit" Goultmrn district having heen brought before tlds district meeting, it is resolved that the conference bo earnestly requested tti appoint a minister lor next, year who shall he under the tlirec'iuri of the chairman of th" district, arid who shall travel in the interior lor tho purp so of ascertaining the localities in which circuits may lie Formed." The Rev. .1. W. Dowsurt was elected ministerial repre sentative to accompany the chairman to the conference, which is to ba held in Sydney in January next year. W. Davies, E-q . was elected lay representative, and permission was granted to till the other ministers of the district.. It was agreed to recommend the conference to connect At bury and Deoiiitpiin with the Goulburn district, these places being at present under the super vision ol the Melbourne and Gastleotainc districts. Gnntlensed Irum tl.o Gou'burn Herald. Sydney. Wont,. Tallow, and limits Markets. — I Itu weekly wool sales on Tnursday presented quite a change to lltn.-e held for several months p ist. Vendors seemed prepared to meet the market, and buyers hid with moro confidence. The total quantity catalogued amounted I7d2. of wtiicli about 1UUU were unsold. Prices showed a heavy iall on tl:o-c realised for tho same clips last season. Sheepskins wcro in moderate demand at n slight decline, '/'allow continues to he in good demand, stud largo lots for tho town trade wore quitted at late quotations at the sales held on hriday. Hides tiro not in such good demand, and tho lota u tiered although meeting a ready stile, tiid not return such prices us those submitted last Friday .Stock Reports. — Gou'.lurn. November 30 - Messrs. Finlay and Go. report: — Fat stock : This market again .shows an upward tendency, arid prime cattle tu arrive would realise about 15s. a head in miviiric.: til last week's quotations. '|qle general opinion among those interested in 1'ut stock is. that prime cattle will he scarce, and. (l< t|te spu-mn advances, rule high. Those baring pad- d 'Cks around, and who arc prepared to purc|,:lHe with the inject ufhohling for an extreme pr; J0- „rB niving to the lato favourable ruins, now disposed to In a little mnro liberal in their offers. Our sales h tvo been during the week, on nco iunt of Messrs. I II. ill Urothers. 8n lieu, of bullocks, at g/,, nnd 30 cows lit. it. Is., delivery taken at Luke liailiurst. \\\ e quote ripe c tLtle, heavy weights, at from til. 1 0s. to 5/ 5s. : the latter price for largo drafts. Fat sheep: The demand during tho week has been limited to really ripe and weighty we'tlicrs. Medium sheep command liuio attention, and buyers of such do not fuel di-poscd to give much in advance of store prices. Wo have sold this week 1 105 prime fat wot Iters, really good, by order of H. S Ant ill. I'l-q . and Irum the Lansdoivnc estate, at 9s. Gd. Wc have buyers for two or three flocks of reuliy prime and weighty wethers. Store sheep : No stilus. I'rioes nominal. Should the season con tinue favourable, wo anticipate nn active trade io store wethers at about lastyear's quotations. Storo cuttle: W u have again to report favourably of litis market for the disposal of store st ick, especially for working bullocks, a class of stock which in variably brings extreme prices, particularly those having large frames and nut too old for fattening purposes. 'I beso wo quote at. 4/. per head. W'e Itavo sold 70 head young cattle principally three years old arid small at 29 head. 11. 18s. ; 12 head. 2/. I5.S.: II head. 2/. lis.: 15 head. 11. I Is. (id. Milch cows, with out F at foot, aro much inqaired for. Horses : Nothing in the market worthy of the nnmn. Well. furnished up'tamling celdins. for j Huddle or harness, aro the only description inquired Tor. Mc-\sra. K. S. Oohcn and On. report.: — Fat cattle; None yarded thia ivtti'k. arid nn advice of any drafts heading for tliM market. Wn anticipate a brisk demand the next fna months wjrh an ad vance upon late prices f« »r citt.lo of jnnd quality. Quotations — he-it. bollocks. ;yt. to 0/ ; medium to KOiid. W. 1 0s. to 'it. Store cattle We. have unin to report a continuance, of inqniri". for this de scription of stock. 300 or -J00 bend .if which cmld lie readily placed at prices Hatisr.ictory to vendors, caused by a desire upon the part of graziers stock their paddocks for the season without further delay. We sold this week aj head of dairy cattle on account of Mr I), Cameron and others at tho following prices : - 1st yard workers in low condi tion at Is.; 2nd yard, steers. 21. 18s. Gd. : 3rd yard, springers. 21, 18. Gd. : ith yard, yearlings 20s.: 5th. yard. cows. 3Z. ; 0th yard cows, 00s.: 7th vard. c>ws. d2s. These ctttie were very plain and in low condition, sn that for good description nf dairy stock an ad-vanc upon these pries could easily he obtained. Wo quote store cattle at. say all bullocks, fins, to 70s : equal sexes, 50s. to GOs. hat sheep : The market at present is in a very un settled state in consequence of tho large numbers forced into the Sydney market, which, to a great extent, rules tho prices hero. Wc passed through our yards this week 807. and sold on account of I. Newman, C-q . 207 very plain, shorn, at 5s. ; 100 ( MiTj lughlin's) very light, and plain. 4s. 0d. : and portion of Hurley's flick, very plain, at 8s. I ho huhinco of this lnc lot not realising vendors' reserve was forwarded on Wo quote prime wethers, shorn, at 5s. 0 1. to Gs. 9d , according to weight and quality. Store sheep: No sales to report. Horses: No demand except for good useful stumps. We sold a few at from 15s. to 1 L Sytl - nnj. November 20. — Mr G. M. Pitt reports.— hat cattle: The supply this week has been very moderate, and Monday's sale wont off spirited, at an advance oo former quotations. Since than the market has receded a little in consequence of hovers expecting a larger -upply which ha not heen rea lised. Really good quality i? still in demand, and likely to be fur some time to cone. It is to ho hoped that the lato rains have h#»en general, and the drought has broken up. I quote host huPncks from 11 to 8/. according to weight and quality ; second ditto, from 5 1 to 0/ 10s. My sales have lv»en ;,G head liidgory. at 11 3. came by train Irum Moss Vale: tho condition of these animals fully snow the immense advantage it is to send by train in preserving c mdition. Fiit sheep: Market firm at former quotations, prime quality in demand, and getting scarce; any coming of this description will nicety with ready sale. Tho most of those oflcred this woek have heon in middling condition. I would advise graziers not tn send any inferior quality here for sale, for nnco they cross the Hawkahury they are in quarantine, and there is no sale for stores, unless nt a s icrilino. — Waytja Novemhf.r 21. — Messrs George Forsyth and On. report. — Fat cattle : We have no sale to re port, but have placed a floe mob of 20(1 hud under offer. Price firm. Good fat cattle mav be quoted : I or bullock. 5/ 10 rn 0/, Cows. 4/ 10s to 5/. but sheep: No trunsnciuns Buyer de cline to accede to settlers' vbw u tn price. Prime fat wether (horn) are held at Gs to 7s per head, a quotation above buyers' views. Store cm tie; Store otitic are still actively enquired for. and buyers are more dii-pomul tu cmne up to sellers' limits. Had the holid ly not interrupted loud ness, we doubt not wn would have had to report sales of some mob now under r.ffer. Mixed lots may he. quoted at 50s to GO. Bullock GOs to 07 according to quality. Store sheep: Wn have sold 6 prize ewes on account of John How. Eq.. Tognn- tnain. to Mr li. B. Wilkinson, ut GOs each. Prices for store sheep nominal, nolt.nww's Pill. — Nervous Debility, — No part of the human machine requires moro watching than the nervoti system: upon it hangs health, and life Pself. These pills are tho best regulators and strengt honors of the nerves and the salest g-neral purifuns ; nausea, lira facho. giddiness, numbness, and mental apathy yield to th?m. They dcspiicbina summary manner those dis tressing dyspeptic symptom, stomachic pains, fullnes of thn pit nf the stomach, abdominal distention, and overenme loathing, capricious appetite, and confined bowel., the commonly »c- i companying signs of defective or deranged nervous power. Ilolloway'a pills are particularly recom- mended to persons of studious and sedentary habits, who gradually sinknto a norvou and debilitated state. unlesH stone restorative, such as his pill, be occasionally taken. 