THE MORMONS. , ' (Communicated to tho Glasyoio lhratd by ono who has lived in Utah.) I This people woro first heard of in 1830. One Joseph Smith told tho world that angels had ministered to him, and appointed and ordained him to restore the' truth. Smith was styled a prophet, seer, and revelator. His friends es- teemed him highly ; Christians and the world deemed him an impostor ; a mob killed him ; his followers increased ; and Brigham Young' now leads them, as, 1st, A President, he lays no claim to the spirit of prophecy, though he has made this a grand speculation-profitable to himself and some of his adherents ; under him come a variety of officers in the priesthood, called Melchisedec. 1st, The President and his two Councillors. 2nd, The Twelve Apostles, one of whom presides over this quorum. 3rd, The quorum of High Priests including all the older meu - bishops and their councillors ; this quorum is pre- sided over by Brigham Young's eldest brother and two councillors, and of this quorum are chosen, 4th, A High Council of Twelve High Priests, before whom all cases are tried of im- morality or business difficulties-all matters ap- pealed from the lesser authorities, viz., Bishops' Courts, even from this court to the highest and final authority'on the earth, viz, the President, Brigham, and his two councillors, whose decision is final-the ond of tho controversy. 5th. Tho next, a very numerous body of men, called " Seventies." Each quorum consists of seventy, and so ion of oach quorum constitute a council or-presiding body over tho othor sixty-three. There are now (1807) nearly fifty such quorums of seventy, all of whom are eligible, like the apostles, to go to the nations of the earth to warn and save. Cth. Tho Elders form tho next, and a largo body. This is tho first power in tho Melchisedec Priesthood. 7th, Next to them, and lower in tho scale of priesthood, come the quorm of Priests-the highest in Aaronic Priest hood._ 8th, Tho Teachers come noxt-those aro the visitors at tho houses of all mombors, and as ofton as they pleaso, under the direction of tho bishops-tho secret police, if you will, in tho system of espionage—worse than ever existed among tho Jesuits in their palmiest or worst days. 9th, The Deacons come next in order door-keepers, and one step in authority above the members. Tho structure seems complex ; it works well, and tho motive power- dictatorial-rests in one man. Their faith and ordinancos may bo shortly stated thus. Belief in one God, his Son Jesus Christ, and the Holy Ghost j their books -the Bible and Book of Mormon,' but infinitely do they prefer tho oral word, spoken by a living priosthood to the dead letter of past ages. They require faith, repoutance, adult baptism " for tho remission of sins,'' the laying on of hands for the gift of tho Holy Ghost-also for tho healing of sick, casting out of devils,with anointing with oil. The faithful are subsequently washed, anointed, and passed through a series of historical comedy, called giving tho " Endowments"-a kind of masonic installation, wherein a " new name" is given,signs, grips, oaths,and covenants made-one of which, more prominent than the others, is that they must never rest until they avenge the death of their prophet,Joseph Smith. Upon whom is this vengeance to fall ? Not on Britain assuredly. Then come other induce- ments equally futile,paltry-changing of position of bands, knots on shoulders and cap. All this priestly clothing is made of white material, save the green silk apron, on which are embroidered fig leaves, or their resemblance-all devised for effect, and to create expectation and excitement. Dancing and theatre-going much encouraged. The latter brings an additional income to tho great High Priest, the presiding genius, and this was a tenth of all increase-a tenth day's labour -whether it be on a theatre for Brigham or a tem- plo for tho' Lord,it mattereth not. This tithing is a vast source of income. Many are getting tired of paying it, especially since the temple, begun fifteen years ago,in 1852,has not yet reached the earth's surface. How long to build it, when tho foundation, not yet finished, has taken so much time ? One excuse for this delay is laugh- able, viz., the Devil gets mad whenever the " saints" (this name they undeservedly assume) commence to rear a temple to the Lord. Who in Europe, and how few in America, ever heard of a temple built by the Mormons at Kirtland, Ohio, and this caused them to be expelled thence? and who know anything of a temple at Nuuvoo, or even of Nauvoo itself, outside,of Illinois? Very few indeed. And yet we are told, because of these two buildings, tho Devil has stirred up the world against the Mormons ? Their folly and enmity to the American Go- vernment are both visible. They teach and believe that God, through them, will erect an independent government in the centre of these sovereign States ; that ere long the United States Government will become defunct, and they will return to Jackson County, in Missouri ; and in their weakness and despair the American people will beseech Brigham Young, or his successor (?), to take the helm-raise and guide his sinking country ! OF POLYGAMY. These bold breakers of law and defyers of Go- vornment claim that tho holy and, supreme Jehovah gave Joseph Smith a revelation, that a man might, should have as many wives as he could maintain, and go to work and make chil- dren. Tho facts are these : -Joseph Smith was a lustful man, addicted to drink and other vices, roprobatod by all virtuous citizens. After having seduced women in New York State, Kirtland, and Missouri-after their expulsion thence, and getting a foothold in Illinois, his " passions grew by what they fed on"-he proposed to one Louisa Bedmun to hold illicit intercourse with her, teaching her that Nature's laws wore God's, aud that tho Almighty took no heed of such things ; there' was no sin or offence, only in telling or being discovered. She, being then a pure good woman, and believing him to be a prophet, told him that nothing short of a revelation-a "Thus saith tho Lord"-would induce her to yield to his request. One Bennett, watch- ing Smith's horse outside,' and guarding the house to prevent interruption on being told by Joseph Louisa's decision, suggested it was an easy matter to obtain or make the needed rove la tion. Within a few days ono was forthcoming, and a clerk (W.C.), now living at Salt Lake, avers that lie copied it, and kept a copy, aud but for this an important document would havo beon lost; for some time, after, Em ma, Joseph Smith's wife, suspooting that Josopb's courso was not virtuous, and hearing of this revelation, waxod wroth, and Joseph, to appease her indignation, destroyed tho original revelation in her presence. In tho mean time, Louisa Bedinun, believing this revelation, in company with an apostle's wifo, started on a journey with Joseph, during which it is said both ladies were sealed (secretly mar- ried) to Joseph, and added to tho number ho had so deceived. Emma knows mauy of these matters to bo facts ; but sho has concealed thom from hor sons, and they, good young men, to this day publicly deny that their father was a polygamist. Polygamy was duniod to be a part of the Mormon religion by almost all tho leading elders abroad, aud at homo was indulged in as a secret luxury. "Stolen waters woro sweet" till 1852, eight years after the death of tho origiuator of Moimonisin, when Brigham Young resuscitated tho old copy of the original revelation, and had it published aud sent forth to the world in tho fulness of time, when ho thought tho people were able to boar it ; mid, notwithstanding Congress mado a law making tho practice of polygamy in any of the States or territories a penal offence, Brigham and his sat- ellites are now preaching that all young men must get married, and take two or more at a time, just as they can support them, and if they do not marry tho girls tho old men must take them, aud raise children. Nothing said about the manner of their bringing-up—their education. They may vegetate as they best can—as they have done-their father's attention being so much divided ! Mothers, daughters, and two or three sisters are married to one mam ; half- sisters to their own half-brothers ; women debased, not exalted ; jealousy, murmuring, discontent engendered. In short, " Which things are an abomination in my sight, saith tho Lord," so reads tho opinion of this thing by tho Almighty in the Mormon's own book. But Brigham wills it, and this is enough to tho deceived. The symptoms of its dilapidation are beginning to appear, and tho virtuous help to increase the disgust of tho more sensible of tho young ladies in this Community. Of tho " Twin relics of barbarism"-Slavery and Polygamy-tho latter only remains to bo out out-a loathsome ulcer-from tho body poli- tic, and the friends of Government hope, as soon as the South can be re-admitted to political power, this festering sore will be healed, and Utah become, as sho merits, an honored member iu the sisterhood of tho States. Novcr can this nation and civilisation retrogrado so far into bar- barism as to tolerate, much less adopt, this ab- horrent practico, now being abandoned by the Turks, Algerian Jews, aud othor progressive Eastern tribos, and only occasionally practised by a few Indiana |nd other savages, Oh, how poor the .argument. .Because some people indulge in prostitution, tho same practices, under another uaiuo, aro not so bad, aro preferable-in short, aro commendable. Can the Ethiopian change the colour of his skin ? Paint the Devil white and he becomes au angel of light. The ladies especially are anxious to know how the plural wives live. Where a man has two or more he generally contrives to have a separate room for each, and frequently more than one live together. ' Although Mrs. B. Young's state- ments aro copied in some of the New York papers, and bolievod, no" doubt, by some perhaps by those who heard her and noted her simple manner-to be ontiroly truo, I would remark her descriptions aro more what a polygamie family should be than what they really are. The wives sometime appear in public very civil and courteous-this may be_ termed thoir compauy manuors. In private there aro many jealousies, bicker- ings, heartburnings, jars, strifes, and eveu locks of hair unwillingly parted with. Nor are we without instances where the lord of the harem, to compel union, has chastised severely tho offending party. Even the first wife-to whom Mrs. Y. asserts much deference is duo has^not escaped these castigatious ; nnd perhaps more frequently suffers more on account of tho newer, strongor passion-wo will not call it love -for the last comer. AU must have dressos alike, and bonnets, or something new that will cost as much. No favour must bo shown to ono more than nnothor in taking one to a ball or thoatro and loaviug another at home ; this, not- withstanding, is frequently dono, and is as often tho caso of many a scone Polygamy is not a pleasaut institution oithor for males or foinalos, aud many of the mon even-who suffer much less than females-have expressed thomselvos thus to me-"I would give all I am worth to be out of tho d——d thing (polygamy) ; to have tho love, harmony, and peace ? that I once enjoyed with my old woman and her children i with them I have no longer any home ; the affections, respect, and obedience of my first children are withdrawn from me ; and, alas ! I often think there is more of hell than heaven in this new system." And I believe many more feel similarly, though perhaps they do not ex- press their detestation of that thoy have been invoigled into by ^public teachings and private counsel ; and I for one am glad of this, thoir sad experience, and the expression of it. While I deplore the physical degeneracy that must result from this debasing practice (polygamy), I far more regret the ignorance-want of edu- cation existing among the Mormons. Tho leaders are uneducated men ; and while they would appear to favour education, in their inmost soul they ever have disliked any and every well educated man, unless he would become their minion, their tool, and acknowledge tho guidance of the " Spirit," as they call it-I name it their whim or caprice. Their counsel to thoir intimates is-" Try and drink into my spirit ; be as I am ; do as I do ; and have no will of your own, as you have no rights, You are willing to be guided by us iu all spiritual matters, but you are exceedingly unwilling that wo should control your substance, dictate all your temporal con- cerns ; but as the Lord liveth, we shall buy all Israel, and own you and all you possess ! " The abovo is a specimen of their style, aud plainly shows their ambition. In fact, most of those who work for the Church-i.e., work for Brigham -seldom, almost never, receive any money. They are paid flour, carrots,andoutof the i i thing store-the Lord's provision house-but not one pound of grain or anything else is allowed to go thence without au equivalent ; no pro- vision for the poor ; no hospital for the sick ; no home for the agod poor ; no dispensary for gratuitous distribution of modioinos for invalid poor ; no house of refuge for the homeless ; no free education for the poor, and but poor educa- tion for the rich. Yot a chango to some from Europe, in comfort and prosperity, is manifest. The young aud industrious from factories, and the rural districts in England, too, in some instances begin to own and raise cattle-a lot and house and some land, in tho course of years and the rich are invariably so manipulated and mulcted by the priesthood-even to the "strippings"-that thoy unavoidably and in- variably bocomo poor!-"That they may be tried in all things." 