LETTE~RS OP I~NG ·THEODORE TO SIR R. NAPIER. A batch of fresh papers connected with the dbws sniian expedition was published on the 10th July. Among the docmuosnts sre two communications ad. dressed to the Commander-in-Chief by the late King Theodore after the defeat of his army at .hroee. These curious letters, translated from the original .Amharie, will be read with interost,: "No. I. "Delivered by Lieutenant Prideaux and the Dajen Alamie on 11th April, 1588. Note, without super. ecription, seal, signature, or date. Along with it was returned the Oommander-in-Ohief's letter of that morning, in whieh the king was canled upon to submit. In thename of the Father, mod the Son, and the Holy Ghost, one God in His Trinity and His Unity, Kssae, shoso trest is Christ, thus speaks: O people of Albyssinia will it always be thus that you flee before the enemy, wheu I myself, by the power of Gfod, go net forth with you to encourage you ? Be lieving that all power bad been given to me;I had established my Christian people in this heathen spot. In my city are multitudes whom I have fed; maidens protected and maidens unprotected; women whom yesterday made widows; and aged parents who have no cildren. God has given you the power. Seu that ou forsake not theeo poople. It is a heathen laud. M countrvmen have turned their becks on me, and have haeeA me, because I imposed tribute on them, aid sought to bring them under military discipline. You have prevailed against me by meons of people brought into a state of discipline. My followers who loved me were frightened by one bullet, and fled in spite of soy commands. When you defeated them I was not with the fugitives. Beliesing myself to be a great lord I gave you battle t but, by reason of the wortblesmteso of my artillery, all my pains were as nought. The people of my country, by taunting me with having embraced the religion of theFranks, and by saying that I elad become a Mussulman, and in too different ways, had provoked me to anger against them. Out of what ! have done of evil towards them may God bring good. His will be done. I had in tended, if God had so decreed, to conquer the whole world; and it was my desire to die if my purpose could not bn fulflled. Since the day of my birth till now no man has dared to lay hand on me. When ever my soldiers began to waver in battle it was mine to arise and rally them. Lust night the darknesa hin dered me from doing so. Your people who have passed the night in joy, may God not do unto you as he has done to me. I had hoped, after subduing all my enemies in Abyssinia, to lead my army against Jerusalem, and expel from it the Turks. A warrior who has dandled strong men in his arms like infants will never suffer himself to be dandled in the arms of others." "No. II. "Delivered on April 12, by Mfr. Bender and the King's scribe. Note.-- Sealed with the Royal seal. In the name of tile Father, tile Son, and the Holy Ghost, one God: The King of the Kings, Theodorus: Mfay it roach the beloved servant of the great Queen ot England. I sm writing to you without being hbl? to address you by name, because our intercourse has arisen so unespectedly. I am grieved at having sent you my writing of yesterday, and at having quarrelled with you my frieod. When I saw your manner of fighting, and the discipline ofyour army, and when soy people failed to enecute my orders, then I wan consumed with sorrow to tlsiak tbat although I killed and punished my soldiers, yet they would not return to the battle. Whilst the ire of jealousy burned within me, Satats came to me its the night aud tempted me to kill mrsIf with toy own pistol. But refleeting ttatt God could be angry witht met if I were to go in this manner and leave osy smeny sithout a protector, I sent to you in a Ihurry, lest I mioght die asnd all things be in cotsfusios before sn message should reach you. After soy mesoongi.' had gone, I cocked my pistol, and Itutting it in my stnouth pulled the trigger. Though I pulled atdpulledyrt it would nst go os. IBut owset y lt people ruslsed upos n te, and laid Itold of thle pistol, it was discharged just as they Itad drawn it from my mouth. God having thus signified to me that I should not die, but live, I sent to you MTr. Rassom thsat sasue evening tltat your Iteart might be made easy. To-day is Easter, be iteasod to let mc eend a few cows toeyou. The reason of sy returtist to you your letter yesterday was lhat I beliered at that time that we shtould suvet ose anoteler in Isesnen, hut never on eartlh. I let the nightt pass witltout sending for tIme body of my friend Feetararee Gabre, because I thought that after my deaths we should both be buried together; but, since I have lived he pleased to allow Ihim to be buried. Y'ou require from me all the Rurapeans, even to my best friend, Isr. Waldo maiar. Well, he it so. Tisey shall go. But stow that we are friends, yoei must not leave me without artisans, as I am a lover of mcelmasical arts." To Sir Robert Napier the above letters appeared to contain nothing which was calhulated to soduce Isim to modify thee resolution hie had formed of insisting at all Ihazards on Thmeodore's surrender. On the con trary, they otther confirmed the impression that thse Kiing identified lme idea of friendship of the ]Euglish forces withs that of support against his enemies. "It is also necessary," remarks Use Commander-in-Chief, "if_.vo woutd avoid acquirimg from the perusal of these letters an erroneous coneep~tino of Theodores disposition, to read them lees in the light of the lan gsuage which he holds in them than in that of the actions and tenor of his pant life. Tinus it will not be forgotten that, while they were being written, the mangled remains of at least 200 of Isis cuntrymen who hlad been hutlehered bhy hls order, and some of them with his own hand, were esposed to view at the bottom of the rock from which they had been thrown. The treacherous manner in which, a few days before the oppesranee of our army, he plundered the pea nants of the districts round 3lagdola, who, trusting to his solenso promise of proeeeiioo, ied always been faithiful to him, moy he further taken as a further illustrotion of the late King'e real charaeter." Sir Robert Rapier remarks, in the course of a de spatch dated thie 18th June, that the widow who died in thie English camp liad been more of a prisoner than a wife. tier father was kbet in congnoment till lie died, and lier two brothers till the English released them. 