REVIEW. TIME AND TIDE BY WEARE AND TYNE.* It was an evil hour for Mr. Ruskin's fame when, tempted by his wayward genius or his eccentric vanity, he forsook the flowery paths of art-criticism for the dull hard road of poli- tical economy. Much bettor for himself and tho world it would have been had he stuck to his own proper vocation, and kept to his clouds, his grass, and his mountains. When expounding to us the beauties of Turner, or declaiming against the "great style," his paradoxes seemed to be not out of place, and evon his coxcombry and his conceit were tolerable. In that vein, he needed little help from the laws of strict logic. He might have wandered at his free will over the whole domain of taste, and contradicted himself aesthetically as often as he would. He was always delightful, even when most cloudy and pragmatical. His beautiful language alone would have secured him attention, and in his hands " became a trumpet." His fancy, elegant and refined, though given to flabbi ness and effeminacy, found, in playing about architecture and painting, its true field. It did the world no harm if it did mankind no good. In exercising it on the "Pathetic Fallacy," or " The True and False Grotesque,'' it was even sometimes an instrument of truth, and did nature some service. Some demon whispered to Mr. Ruskin, however, that he was born for higher things than settling the laws of art—that his true calling was that of a moral teacher and a poli- tical guide. From that unlucky hour, the world has had no rest. A succession of queer little volumes have been launched at our heads, each madder than the last, having for their' object tho creation of a new science of political economy. The ineffable child- ishness, mingled with arrogance, of these very curious productions, make them phenomenon in literature. To give any idea of this new philosophy in any other hut its own language wo feel to be bejond our power. The very titles of the works which Mr. Ruskin has written in expo- sition of his views aro mysterious and enig- matical. Unto This Last, might mean any- thing from a sermon to a three-volume no vol. Sesame and Lilies might pass for somo fairy talc for children. The Ethics of Dust is alto- gether incomprehensible, unless it were the moral to Mr. Dickens's story of " Our Mutual Friend. And as to tho last of these pro- ductions we defy any one, without the ex- planatory second title, to make anything of it. " Time and Tide, by Weare and Tyne," might be a conundrum, or a sentimental hallad, or the account of an angling expe- dition, or an advertisement fiom the second column of The Times. No follow could upon the first announcement be expected to un- derstand it. Even when he opened the book and looked into the table of contents, tho curious reader would not be greatly en- lightened at meeting with the follow- ing headings to chapters : ' ' Contentment— Entertainment -Dexterity—Things Written —Wheat-Sifting—The Golden Bough—Broken Reeds - Rose-gardens - The Rod and tho Honeycomb—Hyssop," &c.; Having pene- trated a little further, the reader would dis- cover that this is a book written to enforce certain laws of work, in accordance with a new political and ethical system of which Mr. Ruskin is tho propoundcr. Clothed in Mr. Ruskin's usual beauty and grace of language, this is a philosophy by tho side of which tho scheme of Utopia is a commonplace invention, and the visions of M. Cabet are of a material and earthy texture. So extraordinary a mixture of good common sense with stork madness—of ster- ling knowledge with savage ignorance—of noble thought and pure earnostness with tho wildest self-conceit, the rankest folly, the crudest arrogance—was, perhaps, never before exhibited in a literary work. Tho workman of Sunderland, to whom these letters were addressed, must have been gifted with a hard - headedness beyond all we have heard of Northern workmen, if we can suppose him to have assimilated all the food which Mr. Ruskin poured into his unsophisticated soul. It would have been interesting, as a psycho- logical study, to have watched tho operation of such an epistle on his mind as that for in- stance of "The Golden Bough," where among other practical lessons for " Weare and Tyne," the master dwells upon the power of tho muses to expel iniquity :— "This power of the muses, then, and its proper influence over you workmen, I shall eventually have much to insist upon with you ; and in, doing so I shall take that beautiful parable of tho 'Prodigal Son,'and explain, as far as I know, tho significance of it, and then I will take the three means of festivity, or wholesome human joy, therein stated—fine dress, rich food, and music (' bring forth tho fairest robe for him ; ' ' bring forth the fatted calf and kill it ; ' ' as he drew nigh he heard music and dancing') ; and I will show you how all these three things—fine dress, rich food, and music (including ultimately all tho other arts) are meant to be sources of life, and means of moral discipline, to all men ; and how they have all three been made, by tho devil, the means of guilt, dissoluteness, and death." But before showing how that rich food is a means of moral discipline, and music a source of life, the teacher goes on to dwell upon the necessity of honesty in the workman, and of law to the prosperity of states. Throughout his discourse he thus confounds, in the most singular manner, good and wholesome coun- sel with that which is either utter rubbish or impertinent paradox. Nothing finer and truer was ever said than some pieces of doc- trine which he drops by tho way ; nothing falser and more absurd than the staple of his sermon, and his general conclusion. Of " theft by false work, "for instance, here— is an honest, sound denunciation :— "No form of theft is so criminal as this— none so deadly to the state. If you bleak into a man's house and steal a hundred pounds' worth of, plate, he knows his loss, and there is an end (besides that, you take your risk of punishment for your gain Uko a man) ; and if you do it bravely and openly, and habitually live by such inroads, you may retain nearly every moi al and manly virtue, and become an heroic rider and reiver, and heio of song ; but if you swindle' me out of twenty shillings' worth of quality on each of a hundred bargains, I lose my hundred pounds all tho same, and I got a huudrod un- trustworthy articles besides, which will fail mo and injure me in all manner of ways, when I least expect it ; and you, having done your thieving basely, are corrupted by the guilt of it to the very heart's 'core. Ï . . .' No religion that ever was preached on this earth of God's rounding over proclaimed any salva- tion to sellers of bad goods. If tho ghost that is in you, whatever tho essence of it, leaves your hand a juggler's, and your heart a cheat's, it is not a holy ghost, be assured of that. And for the lest, all political economy, as well as all higher virtue, depends first on sound work." 'To insure honest work, Mr. Ruskin pro- poses that every trade should have a guild that every guild should have its standard, and "all puffery and self- proclamation on tho part of tradesmen absolutely, forbiddon, as much as tho making of any other kind of noise and disturbance." Further, it is pro- posed that tho prices for all artlcles war- ranted by tho guild should be annually fixed for the trado throughout the kingdom ; tho wages of tho workmen fixed ; tho profits of tho master fixed. No one is to be permitted to advance himself to tho position of master, unless with tho consent of the trade ; and all employers of labour are, in fact, to be directors of trade associa- tions, removable at tho pleasure of tho majority. This is only one small part of Mr. Ruskin's scheme. There are to be "bishops" and "dukes" in his state, with duties, corresponding to their etymology. Tho bishops are to be strictly overseers of souls in pursuit of which function they are to have tho care of all households in the kingdom, "a written statement of tho principal events in the life of each family being annually re- quired to be rendered by them to a superior state officer." These records, "laid up in public offices," would inform us as to the families whom it would be most advantageous to the nation to advance in position and to distinguish with honour. Out of these choicer families would be selected the dukes, or higher officers of state and leaders of tho people, who should "determine mea- sures necessary for public advantage "-dukes to be appointed by election, and for life. To ensure tho propagation of the propor sort of people for the working of this purer society, Mr. Ruskin goes to the root, and provides how marriages aro to be arranged. We entreat tho attention of our readers' to this portion of the Ruskinian dispensation. Permission to marry, either to the boy or the girl, is to be made the reward of tho deserv- ing youth of both sexes ; the measure of merit in the male being his proficiency in education of the female, modest and vir- tuous life, and skill in household economy. " No girl should receive her permission to marry before her seventeenth birthday, nor any youth before his twenty-first; and it should be a point of somewhat distinguished honour with both sexes to gain their permis- sion of marriage in the eighteenth and twenty-second year ; and a recognised dis- grace not to have gained it at least before the close of their twenty-first and twenty-fourth. I do not mean that they should in any wise hasten actual marriage, but only that they should hold it a point of honour to have the right to marry. In every year there should be two festivals, one on the 1st of May, and ono at the feast of harvest-home in each district, at which festivals their permissions to marry should be given publicly to the maidens and youths who had wou them in that half-year ; and they should be crowned, the maids by the old French title of Rosières, and the youths, perhaps by some name rightly de- rived from our supposed signification of the word ' bachelor,' 'laurel fruit,' and so led in joyful procession, with music and singing, through the city street or village lane, and the day ended with feasting of the poor ; but not with feasting theirs, excepting quietly, at their homes. And every bachelor and rosjere should be entitled to claim, if they needed it, according to their position in life, a fixed income from the state, for seven years from the day of their marriage, for the setting up of their homes ; and however rich they might be by inheritance, their income should not be permitted to exceed a given sum, proportioned to their rank, for the seven years following that in which they had obtained the permission to marry, but should accumulate in the trust of the state, until that seventh year, in which they should be put (on certain conditions) finally in posses- sion of their property ; and the men, thus necessarily not before their twenty-eighth, nor usually later than their thirty-fifth year, become eligible to offices of state. Excellent fooling ! How unlucky are we who have been born in tho ante- Ruskinian period, and are cut off from any chance of partaking of this elysium ! It would be un- just, however, to leave our author in the middle of his vision of "Rose-gardens." To show what strong, sterling good sense, he can write, and what sound counsel he can give, let us quote what ho has to say to working-men on education. Noticing the cry for popular education, Mr. Ruskin has the courage to probe it to the bottom :— 'There is no honest desire for the thing itself. Tho cry for it among the lower orders is because they think that, when once they have got it, they must become upper orders. There is a strange notion in the mob's mind now-a- days (including all our popular economists and educators, as we most justly may, under that brief term ' mob') that everybody can be uppermost ; or, at least, that a state of gene- ral scramble, in which everybody in his turn should come to the top, is a proper Utopian constitution ; and that once give every lad a good education, and he cannot but come to ride in his carriage (the method of supply of coachmen and footmen not being contem- plated). And very sternly I say to you—and say from sure knowledge—that a man had better not know how to read or write than receive education on such terms." Of tho degradation which comes of manual labour, and the beauty and value of Gentillesse, Mr. Ruskin writes equally sen- sibly, in spite of his queer, affected, lan- guage. Manual work, he contends, which is simply a totally manual work, is degrading, though it may be in some measure whole- some, refreshing, and necessary. " So it is highly necessary and wholesome to eat some- times, but degrading to eat all day as to labour with the hands all day. But it is not de- grading to think all day—if you can. A highly-bred Court lady, rightly interested in politics and litorature, is a much finer type of tho human creature than a servant of all. work, however clever and honest." Tho conclusion which Mr. Ruskin draws from this -that " it is tho duty of all persons in higher stations of life, by every means in their power, to diminish their demand for work of such kind, and to live with as little aid from tho lower grades as they can possibly con- trive"—is, however, absurd and illogical. It is just as pertinent to say that because pain is an evil, therefore we ought to run as little risk of feeling it as possible. Pain and labour are a part of tho the natural lot of mankind. They cannot be put down, though they may be mitigated. There must be some higher and some lower— some wholesome and refined —some given up to degradation and vulgarity. The necessities and luxuries of the rich are tho main source of provision for tho poor. To compel the man of higher station to restrict himself in his wants, is only to circumscribe the field of livelihood for the poor ; and it is only in Utopia that all men are to be born with tho same wants, the same tastes, and the same ideas. With much that is mere fanciful and deli- cate rubbish, there is in this little book a fair share of Mr. Ruskin's old gifts—his talent of graceful expression—his picturesqueness of thought—and his originality of opinion. As a contubution to political economy it is worse than worthless—as a manual of tho working men's duties, there are some grains of gold in it, hidden in the mass of viler stuff. ___________ 