I MADAME ANNA BISHOP. I [ The final concert given by Madame Bishop and Mr Lascelles, in the Alfred Hall, on Monday night, was for the benefit of Madame' Bishop, and the house was the best of the season. The hall was filled in nearly every part, the reserved and other high priced portions being the best patronised, while the other parts were also fairly occupied, so that the benefit was one that indicated in a substantial fashion the great popularity of the accomplished benefieiare. True, the programme was also exceptionally attractive, but it is rather to the sterling quality of the musicians than to the rich ■Variety of the music that we must attribute such general patronago. As the best of ballad singers, Madame Bishop would be always welcome to the musical ear even if she never touched the more difficult compositions in opera and in ecclesiastical music, and when all these are given, and given so admirably and repeated with so much grace, it is no wonder that the singer has made herself, as it were, a friend, as well as the most charming of artistes. Besides arias in opera last night and several of her best ballads, Madame Bishop and Mr T. King gave the " Gratias Agimus," and it was a fair race between the singer and the player. The florid jubilant music, so trying even to the best trained artiste, was sung with marvellous purity and facility by Madame Bishop, and the clarionet obligato by Mr King added another to his many proofs of skill upon that best of his instruments. It was loudly applauded and encored, the latter portion being repeated in response to the general wish. Mr King gave another clarionet solo at the commencement of the third part of the programme, and it was a delightful composition and delightfully performed. We wish Mr King would make us more familiar with his clarionet, for he is so good a player, and he gives so few opportunities of enjoying him in that way, that he might well add to his professional popularity by more frequently giving the public tastes of this excellent quality of his on that instrument. Madame Bishop closed the concert with what the programme calls a "musical bouquet," and the name is not a bad one either. It was composed of musical flowers indigenous to many nations, " sweet things" from the gardens of England, Ireland, Scotland, France, Germany, Russia, Italy, Spain, and America having been culled for the " bouquet." " Home, sweet home," to which America gave the words and England the music, was the first flower, and the musically apocryphal " God save the Queen" was the last in the collection of what Mr Lascelles' "Miss Barber" would call "roses and posies." Apropos of Mr Lascelles we must say that his pianoforte garniture to the " bouquet," his accompaniment to the " Agimus," and his instrumentation generally became his high reputation as a pianist, and for our own part we can never think of these pleasant concerts without remembering how largely his instrumental as well as vocal accomplishments contributed to their excellence. Mr Lascelles sang in several duets with Madame Bishop besides giving us the usual variety of ballads, and most of them droll ones, to which his own quality of humor lent as aforetime a higher charm. Even a remarkably demonstrative baby who broke out in a violent solo just as he was going to begin one of his funny ditties, did not discompose that magnificent repose for which he is so agreeably remarkable. The baby seemed to be encored by the audience, and the blushing mother retired with her infant, leaving the field to the pianist, who at once went on with his doleful tale of ootnic love adventure. We should not close this notice without again reminding our musical readers of the sacred concert to be given to-morrow (Wednesday) evening, in St. Patrick's Church, when Madame Bishop, Mr Lascelles, Mr T. King, Mr Miller (organist), and others will perform a series of the finest compositions in church music. Commerce with New Caledonia.—" There is somo talk in town," says the Gladstone (N.S.W.) Observer, " about the probability of a trade being opened up with our French neighbors. It is stated on good authority that a letter has been received by the manager of a station, from a Sydney firm under contract to supply the French garrison at New Caledonia, enquiring on what terms cattle can be shipped from this port. As there must be about 4000 troops on the island, such a trade would be a most desirable addition to our commerce, and perhaps lead to an extension in other directions." B allah at District Hosi'ital.—Return for the week ending 23rd August.—Number of inmates at the beginning of the week: males, 76; females, 21. Since admitted: males, 13; females, 3; total, 11-3. Discharged during the week: males, 10; females, 2. Died: male, 1; female, 0; total, 13. Remaining in the hospital at the endof the week: males, 78; females, 22; total, 100\. Out-patients relieved during the week, 331. Medical officer for the ensuing week, Dr Heise; surgical officer, Mr Hillas; resident surgeon, R. J. Owen. An Illustrious Stranger.—The Brisbane Courier of Thursday liiat contains the following paragraph, with reference to the person who was lately alluded to in the telegram from Sydney:—" It is pretty well known that the illustrious stranger who lately honored our poor city with his presence, under the style, title, and dignity of the Count von Attems, is the individual who in our Sydney telegram of Tuesday was said to have obtained large advances in that city on fictitious papers. We are sorry to say that he managed during his short stay here to walk into the good graces of some of our citizens, and to make rather heavy drafts on their bankers. His countship, it will be remembered, left Brisbane in that renowned craft, the Hamlet's Ghost, the history of which vessel ought to be written some day; and he has last been lieavd of at Cleveland Bay. A warrant is out for his apprehension, and troopers have been despatched overland from Port Denison to secure him if possible before he make a descent on our friends in Batavia. We failed to notice the count as he deserved when he was in Brisbane, but should he visit us again, especially with the order which the Sheriff of Queensland desires to confer on him on his breast, and Mr Seymour's decorations at his wrist, we shall endeavor to make amends for our former neglect of Son Altcsse." Riverina Wool.—Sheep shearing (writes the Pastoral Times of 22nd August) has become pretty general in these districts, and extraordinary attention is being paid, on many stations, to the gettiug-up of the clip. On Wednesday a powerful steam engine passed through Deniliquin for Illilliwa, near Hay. The fine sample left at our office of Coree wool, washed in hot and cold water on the sheep's backs, has been greatly praised, and is estimated to be worth 3s per lb, and doubtless the Widgiewa and Messrs Pejipin's clip, as well as some of the other station wools, will turn out excellent, as there is no care or expense spared in washing. We are already begiuning to reap the benefit of abundance of capital and a fair share of skill in pastoral pursuits here, especially in the wool trade. The capabilities of Rivcrina for producing the best merino wool are now admitted to be but little inferior to those of the western districts of Victoria. We hear that this was the opinion expressed by Mr Currie, the well-known sheep-breeder of the sister colony, at the Hay Pastoral Show last week. Tilt: Portland Railway.—A numerously attended meeting of the inhabitants of Portland was held on the evening of the 19th, to reeeivc the report of the deputation concerning the proposed Portland and Northern Railway. A memorial to the Government, petitioning that the line might be taken in hand as a public undertaking, and submitting a quantity of statistical information on the subject, was adopted. It was also decided to invite the co-operation of other towns in the Western district in forwarding this object. Playing with Life.—An American paper states that boys in the West are in the habit of lying betweeu the rails of a railroad track and letting the trains pass over them ; they consider it brave. A boy, nine years old, was killed recently near Springfield in making this crazy experiment. A Detroit man is preparing an indiarubber boat, in which he means to "shoot Niagara." The boat will be air-tight, and ho will be shut in with 20 minutes' air. Several persons are to be stationed below the Falls to tow the boat to shore. 