DESTRUCTION OF HER MAJESTY'S THEATRE. On the night of Friday, December 6, one of the handsomest, certainly, if not the finest, theatre in London went the way of all theatres, and was burnt to the ground in less than two hours. The fire while it raged was one of the fiercest ezer known in London, and though the main building, the beautiful theatre, quickly burnt itself out and crumbled away in a tower ing pyramid of flame, yet its surroundings con tinued to blaze as house after house in the colonade caught fire and were burnt from roof to basement. Those buildings facing the Haymarket and Pall- mall also suffered most severely, the houses on the Haymarket aide being almost completely destroyed. The fire was first observed at about a quarter to 11 o'clock, and shortly after the first alarm all the neighborhood knew it far and near, for the theatre was one gigantic mass of flame in a few minutes. Anything like attempts to save property —that is to say, the properties in the theatre —was out of the question, for the interior glowed like a furnace, and the flames, darting through the slight roof, created a draught which instantly made all hope of saving either the building or anything in it to tally impossible. The fire caused its own alarm, and large draughts of metropolitan police from Scotland-yard were instantly detached, under the command of Mr. Superintendent Walker and Mr. Kettel. They, however, could do little more than keep off the enormous crowds that at once collected out of danger. Detach ments of the Foot Guards, both from the Well ington-barracks and the barracks at the back of the National Gallery, came up almost simul taneously with the police. At least half of the troops were in full marching uniform, the rest in undress flannel jackets, just as they had been turned out of bed. With the assistance of this force the streets leading to the theatre were kept clear, and the fire mains all round Regent street, Haymarket, and Fall Mall turned fully on. The supply of water seemed ample, and fire-engine after fire-engine as they came rapidly up were, under the directions of Captain Shaw, at once got into the best positions for checking the spread of the flames, for all hope of extin guishing them at their source was hopeless. The glare at this time was seen all over the metropolis, and tens of thousande flocked from all points towards the great centre of the dis aster, while cabs, carriages, and even waggons, blocked the thoroughfares which led to it. In a short time the steam fire-engines were in full work; and as fast as the now, it is to be hoped, obsolete hand engines arrived they, too, were set to work. The steam engines threw volumes of water with tremendous force, and where their jets fell they seemed to explode in clouds of steam. Not so with the hand engines, which required some thirty soldiers to work them, and the feeble dribble from which was easily directed and governed by one man. The exertions of the firemen were beyond all praise. They climbed along parapets and copings at heights which made one cold to look at them, dragging with them great lengths of leather hose with which to play upon the flames at any point that seemed of consequence, no matter what the risk to the men themselves. In spite of flame and smoke and a terrific storm of burning frag ments, they kept their places on theToof, their comrades below now and then turning jets of water upon and around the men to keep the spots cool on which they stood. The scene was one of terrible grandeur. The roof of the theatre fell amid a shower of sparks and burning fragments, leaving a gigantic mass of white flame in the centre, the very heat of which alone wascharring'up and burning building after building around it. All the Bteam fire engines were at full work, and the monotonous thud thud of those worked by hand were the only sounds which broke upon the hoarse roar ing of the crowd and the heavy flap of the great sheets of flame, which seemed to jeopardise the existence pf every building near the place. Over the 'front of the clubs in* Pall-mall the burning fragments fell thick as hail; indeed, it was impossible at times to pass along this thoroughfare withoutdangerof being severely burnt. The chiefs of the police and the firemen working among these ; the shouts and cries of the men on the roof of the building itself and colonnade giving directions, amid the glaring uproar beneath, where to place the engines ; the efforts of the soldiers to keep the great moving mass of people back, all made up a scene as exciting and as grand in its terrors as the great fire some years ago at Cottons-wharf. The theatre was the main source of the whole fire. As is always the case with theatres, it burnt like a tar-barrel, but, as usual, left a mass of flame and heat which worked quickly and surely through into the surrounding build ings. House- after house around it was gutted, in spite of all the efforts of the firemen. The flames, however, were well within control, and the engines were principally used to keep the walls of the main building cool, for in many places they were bulging ominously. Still, from this work they had every now and then to be diverted ac fresh flames appeared in the houses around. It has always been said that Her Majesty's Theatre was so provided with large water tanks on the roof, that anything like danger to the building from fire was impossible. What these tanks were doing it is impossible to say; 'but one, at least, when the flames reached it, burnt with a fierce flame like so much straw. That there could have been any water in it is impossible. Of the theatre itself, one of the finest in the world, nothing remains but the bare, roofless walls, and immense masses of charred materials in indescribable confusion covering the whole space on which the building stood. All the costly properties, all the wardrobes of the establishment have perished, as have also the instruments of the orchestra, the grand pianos, and a musical library of incalculable value, which had taken years to collect. Madame Titiens alone has lost jewellery worth from £1000 to £1200, in addition to all her magnificent stage dresses. The grand organ, which cost nearly £800, and all the stage scenery and deco rations, painted for the most part by Telbin, Grieve, and Calcott, have been de stroyed, and the whole fabric, with all its surroundings, is in ruins. Sy an odd circum stance, the only thing which has survived the general wreck is the dress in which the ghost in Don Giovanni was wont to be played. The actual and prospective loss to Mr. Mapleson, the lessee, is estimated at £12,000, and the disaster, as it affects him, is greatly aggravated by the fact of his not having been insured to the amount of a single shilling. He was about to effect an insurance, but it had not been com* pleted. The large duty chargeable upon thea trical properties is understood to have previously deterred him. In the course of Saturday, De cember 7, Her Majesty, through the Lord Chamberlain, sent a message to him expressive of her sympathy and regret, and a telegram from Sandringham, in eimilar terms, accom panied by an expression of hope that no lives had been lost on the occasion, was received from his Royal Highness the Pr.nce of Wales. The Earl of Dudley held the lease of the theatre, about 26 years of which are still to run, and it was sublet to Mr. Mapleson for 21 years, seven of which are expired, at a rent of £8000 a year, payable in advance. It wa3 built in 1790 on the site of the previous house, erected under the direction of Sir John Vanburgh in 1705, which was destroyed by fire on the night of June 17,1789. The first stone was laid by the then Earl of Buckinghamshire, and the house was opened on March 26, 1791, but for music and dancing only, a license for theatrical performances haviug been refused by the authorities of that time. On the destruction of the Pantheon, however, by fire, in the following year, its license was transferred to the Opera in the Haymarket. The architect was Michael Novosielski, and it was originally called the King's Theatre, but upon the accession of Queen Victoria it assumed the name by which it has erer since been known. It was the largest in England, except the new Italian Opera, its internal dimensions being said to be withiu a few feet of those of La Scala, at Milan. From the curtain to the back of the boxes it was upwards of ICO feet long and 56 feet high ; the width at the curtain was 10 feet, and that of the pit 65 feet. The stage mea sured 60 feet from the orchestra to the back wall, and 80 feet between the side walls. The building was of brick, covered with Roman cement, the entablature being of Bath stone, and the surrounding columns of cast-iron co lored to represent stone, and 17 feet in height. Tne east, or principal, front was 283 feet in length, and 64 feet high. In 1790 the interior of the building was partly remodelled by Marinari, scene-painter at Drury Lane. The exterior colonnades and facades were completed by Messrs. Thomas Nash and Repton, in 1818, at a cost of £50,000. One characteristic of the theatre was its acoustic quality, in which respect it is said to have been unequalled by any building of its class. As to the origin of the fire little or nothing has been discovered, but the opinion is that it broke out first about some part of the stage. Subscriptions are being collected for the relief of the employes who have suffered most from the catastrophe. No circumstance of modern days has cast such a gloom on the lovers of music us the destruction of this magnificent theatre. Only the night before the fire the grand musical drama of "Don Giovanni" had been given, when the Donna Anna of Mdlle. Titiens, the Zerlina of Mdlle. Kellogg, and the Don Qio vanni of Mr. Stanley served to assure us that modern artistes are quite capable of presenting in an adequate manner one of the finest mani festations df the most gifted musician of any time, the immortal Mozart. We remember the theatre when the original representative of the amorous don, Signor Ambroggetti, first de lighted the town with his richly cultivated voice and refinement of method. No one since hi 3 time has approached his perfectly- finished con ception of so tiresome a character to portray save one, the brilliant-voiced Tamburini, who was the colleague of artistes of great worth and renown. Naldi (one of the best of Leporellos), Fodor, Camporese, Curioni, Yelluti, Roozi di Begnis, Begrez, Malibran, Vestris, Donzelli, Zuchelli, Sontag, Rubini, Lablache, and the great lyric tragedienne, Pasta, form only a part of the long list of matchless singers who have found an approving public to reward their talents. So short and yet so long a time has elapsed since the production of " I Puritani" brought into more prominent notice Madame Grisi, whose beauty, voice, and high dramatic instincts won for the opera a run of unprece dented length. Here she reigned su preme, the only Norma, Luorezia Borgia, and Semiramis of many and many a season. Here Rossini once directed in person one of the tuneful operas for which he has acquired his great reputation. Here Sontag and Malibran divided the applause of all the cognoscenti who flocked in numbers to listen to the two rival queens of song. Persiani, in later times, came here, and gave increasd importance to Bellini's lovely " Sonnambula. Few can remember, but those who do will never forget, the lyric impersonations of Pasta, who, by her marvellous power and consummate genius, overcame all the defects which nature seemed to have placed in her for the purpose of being overcome. In this area Lablache and Ronconi taught Londoners how to value the true Italian humor which is known to so few artists even of the Italian school. The triumphs of Jenny Lind made the old theatre jubilant with the approving voices of audiences which crowded every part of the vast building. Leaving our vocal memories of this great past, we look back on a long series of ballets produced with the greatest care and attention to the minutest de tails. In them the very goddess of dancing, Taglioni, held the highest rank, whilst the Sis ters Elsler, Cerito, Carlotta, Grisi, Lucile Grahn, and a host of other celebrities, charmed the lovers of grace and agility by the elegance of their movements. And the audience! Can we fail to regard their remembrance without regret that bo few are left of the old times departed ? The omnibus box, with the Dukes of Beaufort, Sir George Wombwell, Lord Alvanley, Lords Frederick and Adolphus Fitzclarence, Sir Lum ley Skefßngton, and the swells of their time as its constant occupants. The agreeable coterie round the pretty Countess of Blessington and and the elegant Count D'Orsay. All gone with the fine theatre, now a mass of ruins. 