! TIPS BY AoftaE&uT; Although I confess to eing it must not be supposed that I Ue ^nigbjtia ditqhea or crquch behind feoo^ ia the.^mrqing. Ob,, tio,:8ir! The hone-vcitclien' of tpe^pres^t generation aire a 'very different Btyle'totlwfe , of a.feir yean Wk. -filcff, ve ehoir, , (x4dlj m the ligiit of '^y, <Wr* trainei-s, jockeys, and eveg^bodj. WeMMqjjate. 4«th gentlemen dttsg^ notes witli tfiejn, a^ii tjwyj^M ngt.ff all; uWnledof being "bail fellow jyeU mrt withithe ao^iong, certain frnowlbdge, the owner Jtas got on all the motley lie wants, I do not aappose there cab be much harm in it, when forestalling is out of the question. One thinjgis very certain, none of (lie top weights can have a ghost of a . eliow,except it be Tim Whiffler, who will run about fourth or fifth. The Barb's poor feet are beginning to trouble him, and, most likely, be will be non est on the da^ j that, is, he will be quietly eating his corn in hia box, whilst his compatriots are doing battle for thehonour and gl&ry; of New Bouth Walea.k Bylong, anotberlavdurite, is crooked, by which I don't mean be will not be mefait, but that he can't wiii from natural causes. North Australian has been overtaken by the ailment common to all winter favourites-he got dicky on his pins, and has, much to the disappoint ment of jsome, failed to make good Itis stake. Craig's Tim, who ia so ably handled by Joe Carter, would be *<grest fancy of mine, from his fine bounding style of going, and his sleek glossy cost, only he look* 'fitter to carry a stout old gentleman of sixty then. to win a Melbourne Cup, and I have, in vulgar , par lance, " a down" , on cobs. LUtk Fish are Bweet, but I don't see Mr, Fisher's one parti cularly so. He certainly goes strong and well j so be did 'tot year before the Derby, and where wag be then ? Why, nowhere t and .therelie toiU always be in first-class company. Fancy a horse being at 10 to 1 for the Mel bourne Cup who finished second to L. L. for the Hobart Town Leger; time, aVout half &n; hour? Of county we all know he was wrong then, but I for one don't know that be is so very much better now. Gulnare, from Sydney; is another favourite of the New South Welshmen, so,' from' her past per formances, she , would be of mine,1>ut she declines to go. straight in ' her workj so it is not to be expected she will in the race. Going the wrong way round may be the cause, butieveb' so, three weeks is short: time to break £uch a high-tempered mare .of bad habits. Howard has a lot of duffers in training, and I expect to'see the doctor on the erening of the 6th> of November looking more melancholy thtui even Jaques did, on ihia return from Sydbey. Lady Manners Sutton, however, who it; still under Bobtson's charge at Emerald hill,1 is such a good thing that she won't finish a length behind the winner, and is certain to get a place. If she is not fiton the day it won't be for wantofpleqty of galloping. Sea* gull jor Sylvia won't do at any prioe; in fact, I can't have any of the Flemington nags for the race this bout, and I can assure the gentry , thatonly do that plaoe so early jn the morn ing, that they have not yet seen the winner of the Cup. They must wander Id the other side of the Yarra, and there. on a private race course, close to a snug littlf jg^sptation down Brighton way, they will see two animals doing such work for the Cup as would open their eyes a few. Now, I have let' jtbe . safe- out of ~ the bag so far, but (whether the real. Simon .pure be old Barwon or the mare, I will not say { but , though the grey is very nearly as good as the old horeertyet ehe is such a cantaokttrous jade, that her starting the right way % -not to be depended on. Although'a three-year-old can nbt wiB fimOf tsm»Wn^1ceiy that one pf that age fQtyfget plage tjapd aa neither Fenella, MyJJresin, i»r Gasvrork* have paid up, Bagpicker-aiust be the-one. Having got rid of my superfiup^ idmuL;ojrthe Mel bourne Cup, I must nowputy&aiii; possession tjf the few I have with regard to the Maidea #Mej Sheet Anchor, who ia greatly fancied by the Flemington gentlemen, is too small to ;«aity 9st. in the company that will a^ojwlup. Chieftain and Phosphorus are both duffers, and again the first and second will oome jfrom the other side of theYAtraC Dan 'Bbbisbn has in training a big black brute called Palmerston, by Premier, out of Mr. Hanoi's Black Bess. ThisboWsJiM been Jtaughed at by everyone, called > b$lock,&o.;, said ti> be likely to turn oat a jumper,but galjop-never. Well, he/jriU beBO'near win* -nmg-jp that the only horse near him will be Mr. Patterson'# Koo- Wjee-ruty ff dthe bort Toudjstone three-year-old l have seen ; and the last hone will be a chesnut wi^h a white face, mat hails from Sandridge. ' \ »..! ? 