TUEF GOSSIP. Br PLAYBOY. D illness in the betting market etQl reigns supreme. There are now no longer the num ber of busy bees buzzing about" the Corner" during the day, and the New Subscription room is left entirely to the doorkeeper, old Mitchell. The Talbot Meeting took a few of the ring to the scene of action last week, but they did not return much the richer for their journey.; and this week Castlemaine will have been another draw, but there is not much room for speculation, owing to the smallnesB of the fields. The Ballarat handicaps absorb nearly all there is to do for the metallics, and Strop still maintains his position at the head of affairs for the Cup. His prioe npw is 2 to 1, with takers at 5 to 2. Sheet Anchor is sup ported at 3 to 1, and Shenandoah at a point more. 5 to 1 is taken about Snip, and 7 to 1 about Nimblefoot, and you have got about the number backed outright. In doubles, Cup and Ballarat Handicap, business is more brisk. Strop, Sheet Anchor, Snip, and Sir Hercules have been backed to win both, and all the above lot, with others, in all sorts of ways, at prices ranging from 100 to 4 to 10.. " Fisherman Again" is rather a severe article on the progeny of that great racehorse, and the subject is creating a good deal of talk. It is like kicking a dog when he is down. No doubt everyone of his family, with the ex ception of My Bream, disgraced themselves at die late Melbourne Meeting, but owing to what? Seagull waB never half prepared On account of her being a cripple. "Neither was The Fly, for the eainetaasob, but she never eould go the pape; neither could The Swell. What was the "matter with Little Fish is a myetery; but no.one. will deny. but that the running of Ragpioker was all wrong. Why. it is not two months slnceshe was a perfect wonder at Eandwicfc Because a sire has only a few ineapaUes to represent him at . meeting, are we to forget the many good onee he has gotf Tod talk1 of them not training on; but had many of these horses beta left alone, instep of being run off. their legs as two and. three-year- olds, you would jwrbapB bavehpd another story to tell. Are we to forge®t the grand struggle between Smuggler and' Viftatipeet for the Queen's GuineM, the victoiy.df'Sobr CHapcis over. Thp'. Barb, or the game and determined race between" Fe&ella; and Kre works, two of the ' grfe&tfcBt; two and thiree-year- olde the country < evir saw? Again.arewe to forget the Sanner in which the Fishermen dfcposed of I our youngsters in thfe Ascot Vale, and Otliei" two-year-old fct&ker; or thdthree-year old performances'pf an Angler, a lady Heron, a Seagull, a S^ylriai aod jaist, though not leiist, of a Fishhook, the winner of a Champion Race, three Ltgerflt a Sydney Qold Cup, and Q.ueenV Plate in bne yearP Verily, eucoess is the great element in a-horse's character as well as in amBri'e in this'fot'world of dutt, and unless they can keep it up they soon go'to the wall. Eagpioker's runnin g at Band Wick is still freBh in the minds of every racingman, especially those who saw her there; ana what could be more beautiful than the style in whioh My Dream came home for the Oaks. No doubt the dams bad a good deal to do with the goodness of these animals ; nevertheless, fisherman was their sire, and although: Mr. Filgate is now made a martyr of, his system of training them as youngsters has been the cause of their failure at a more mature age. Fisher* man bad, ot Fisherman good, one stable daring the four years his stock hare been running turned Out fourteen winners, and von with them forty-one raoes and £10,300 in stakes alone. Can the same be said of the progeny of any other sire in tbe«olony P I cannot allow ** Planet's" letter in your last week's issue to pass by unnoticed. As you very truthfully remark, it savours a good deal of the puff { and I should be sorry to sav any* thing about Panic as a sire that would hurt the feelings of those who have formed so high an estimate of him; but I think *' Planet" might have waited a little while longer before be instanced the performances of his get to uphold the first-class situation he awards him. An aged horse, carrying 7st. 101b., running second to a four-year-old, carrying 9st. lib., in a Melbourne Oup, is nothing to brag about; and where were Nimblefoot, 7st. 121b.; Smolensko, 6st. 101b.; and Lantern, 6st., all by Panic, and all behind Tim Whiffler, carry ing lOst. 41b. P Nor do I know of any Panics on the turf that have shown their ability, when aged, to carry weight. What he may do now that he has a larger, and perhaps better selection of mareB sent bim remains to be seen. As a racehorse, Panic proved himself a good one, and h'e has to thank the strong infusion of Melbourne blood in bis veins; but his sire, Alarm, waB a failure as a stud horse in Eng land, and before Panic's praises as a sire are sung, I should wait for better results than we have yet seen in his progeny. How very far behind the age our cousins in j South Australia are, if we take the programme for their Summer Meeting as a sample of enlightenment. There are no less than three of the events to be run off in heats, a style of racing discarded years ago. There are also two raceB on the third day, for which neither money, distance, nor conditions are given. If the money has to be collected, the other two items might have been inserted, and then owners of horseB would have known what to prepare for. And there is no encouragement held out to two-year-olds, which, I think, might safely be done so late in the season as January. 1 have been informed that the South Australians still adhere to their old date, the 1st July, as the time from which horseB take their age, although the other colonies have fixed the 1st of August. This arrangement may turn out veiy awkwardly for any 8outh Australian horses foaled in July coming over here to compete for our Derby, as they are likely to do; they would be dis- j qualified to a certainty. However, breeders of really valuable stock can provide against this, although others will have the advantage of a month or so in their own country. So long as the Jockey Club adhere to the antiquated notions of running races in heats, changing entrance moneys, qualification fees, and other payments burthensome to owners of horses, I am afraid there is not much chanee of the South Australians keeping pace with their more go-ahead friends on this side of the border. By telegram we have accounts of the great ten-mile struggle at Wagga Wagga. I do not doubt the time, 23min. 35sec., but I have mis givings as to the distance of the course being properly measured. If it be correot, then the ten miles have been done in far quioker time than it was generally supposed they would be, several bets of even money, to my knowledge, having been laid that the distance would not be travelled in 25min. The race must have been somewhat interesting between the first three horses, as they kept together throughout at a moderate pace half a mile behind Glaucus, who seemB to have cut out the running for the first half of the journey. With the exception of Jerry Sneak, the others-for there were a dozen starters-never seem to have made any show in the race, and many of them were much distressed, Troilus dying from over-exertion shortly after it was over. I don't wonder at it, and the only astonishing part of the intelli gence to me is that one-half did not give up the ghost on the spot. However, I imagine that Australian, Comet, and Biverina, all thoroughbreds, were carefully ridden to within half a mile from home, when a spurt was made, which ended in the success of the favourite, Australian, who is by Mr. Martin. The stewards of the Ballarat Miners' Races have issued their programme for the 11th and 12th of February next. There are the usual Miners1 and Corner handicaps, of 50 sovs. each, a Steeplechase and Hurdle Bam, and several other minor events, inoluding a trot, ten events in all, of sufficient importance to jnake two very pleasant days. There was some very good racing there last year, and several pots were upset, owing, no doubt, to the rather difficult course, for Lories unaccus tomed to the ups and downs of this life. The miners will have two good days' sport at Bal larat, and owing to the txyst taking plaoe within the suburbs of the city, an extensive turn out of the inhabitants is atpe to.be the case.' . ?Next week we have the Ballarat Baces proper, on the 4th, 6 th, and £th of December; and nominations for the SydnqyCtoW Cup. to be run at the Band wick Autumn Meeting, are jtQ be xnade on the 3rd ( and the general entry for Smythesdale Races, to oome on on. the 10th fend llth of December, takes place on Tuesday the8th. ? ? i ( ! Ffinux EVENING. : The entries for, the Ballsfrat taites, which were made' last Tuesday, are highly gratifying, and are reassuring for ' th^ee?dayr greaV sport at Do wling FoMst next week, Since Castle ohine; Phosphorus has become a great favourite for the Cup and BallBnt Handicap, and 5«t. {certainly looks a ridiculous weight afid " a moral" foir both events. Snip's running irf Wot clearly understood,^"but his cbatfce has, not been jeopardised by any penalties further than the 31b. he gets for winning at Talbot. Strop and Sheet Anchor' still maintain their posi tions. I like B.A. for the Telegraph Stakes, Playboy for the Hurdles, and the Flying Dutchman for the Corner Stales on the first day. Nimblefoot ought to win the District Plate; and Standard Bearer to be sold for £20 looks well for the Selling Hurdle Baoe, although Valentine, if well and meant, is not to be sneezed at ; and Sir Boloman Ota win the Selling'Stakfe*, if Mr. Kerr wants to part ' with him. B.A. and Flying Dutchman look ' the be«t fojr the. Flying Handicap* The third day's racing will depend on the result of the events bn the previous days, with the exception of the Steeplechase, and Babbler and Ingleside seem the best, the dark Union having no* an opportunity of letting tie see what he ia made of. _ Sun) NEWS.-The following foals have been dropped.:-At Mount Bolton, to King Alfred -Maggie Lauder, bay colt foal, October 12 ; Glee Maiden, bay filly foal, October 80; Lady Gongh, bay colt, Ootober 27. The abov« Tint Eing Alfred again. At Mr. Astley**, Brom field, near Warrnambool, toPanic-Kathleen, by Warhawk, filly foal; Flying Boe, by Warhaw)^ filly foal-; Bertha, by Boiarao, fiilyfoal; Oona« vara, by Cotherstone, missed; Carmelite, by Hermit, missed. The above visit Panic again. At Maribyrnong, the following mares have arrived to Ace of Olubs:-Mr. Morley'a Hibernia, by Warhawk, Mr. Se well's Black Hawk Belle; Mr. Chirnside's Phizgig, Target, and Saucepan; Mr. Petty's Seagull, by Fisher man ; Mr. Gerrard's Regalia. 