ORIGINAL POETRf. WEARY DAYS. ' ' My life is full of weary days. ' — Tennyson. Yes, open the casement wide, let the sunbeams enter in, ? . Fair, and glad, and pure, as if in a world with out sin;1 Draw tho curtains aside, let me gaze on the sombre woods, : . , Oe'r-arclied by the azure vault, changing in fitful moods. Ah me, how the city's din is borne on the whispering breeze, That comes with its lullaby low, from distant lands and seas ; ' How the feverish tum«lt and roar of the world's unceasing strife Falls on the wearied mind— weary of sorrow and life. I turn, with a shuddering moan, from the clamor and noise of the street, With its harsh discordant cries, and the tramp of hurrying feet ; ' - I tarn from the sunshine -warm, - with a vague sad feeling of pain, ; For I had almost wished, that -I: never might see it again. : : And I had almost deemed that I had done with. it all, That past were worry and fret, at the last dread Messenger's' call ; -. Thro1 days of darkness and gloom, thro' nights of anguish and pain, ' ? -? ? r My spirit has prayed for release,, but the prayer has been in. vain. . . ? The Angel of Death drew near ; but he folded his chilly wing, . ..,-.'. Passing on to many a soul, that fain to lite would cling — To many a ^hopeful heart, that beat with its joyful dreams .. , ? . : Of trusting love and hope, that to me. Buch a mockery seems. , Over Life's surging waves, like a ripple of light divine, r These dreams steel over my soul, and with sad dened lustre shine ; ' : They come, like white-robed ghosts, over the waste of years, ' : ? ?; . Through a passionate haze, of regret,, and a mist of blinding tears. . . ? ? , ' Vainly I strive to forget, and to seal in oblivion's tomb - The past, with its short-lived joys, that were lost in utter gloom ; . Why will they torture me .so— those accents low and clear, ? - ? ? . That like loved and long--nute strains, fall on my wearied ear ? , When the shadows slowly fall, and the land is hushed and still, : Ihe plaintive notes of one lone bird will all the copses fill ; When the midnight sky is dark, and unlit by the moonbeams fair, - ' ' The light of one tremulous star will lighten the wanderer's care. -?.??'?-. ? ?'' ; But when the struggle is past, ^Tie stern combat . fought and o'er — -. . ' When hope , and; trost ? are fled, and we are ? wounded and sore—, ; . . When the path isdark and drear, and the desert lies before, ' '? O then to forget youth's blooming' gourds, aid remember -them, iio more. '. -.,-?-?-' . ? ? ' ?-???;' m. a Mount Gambier, July 20, 1868. + 