COUNT VON ATTEMS-OAPTUKE Olí' A. SWINDLER. (Extract/rom Me liandilsblait ¡if Batavia.) [jrruîrsLATKD BY OBBVILLK AND ca] Sourabaya, October 5 Tho commandor of the Austrian yáoht llaralel'if^ Ghost., who has arrived in this port, has made a cox> plaint to tho English Consul, that on his voyage- te this placo, whon clase undor tho Java coas', ho ha»? mot an English ship; that on flriag a salute in hoEoner . of tho Briti-h flag, tho 6aluto was not returned. Now wo read in a newspaper of Passoeroean th* following, which cloars up tho mystery :-Oran mander Said Alsegaf, in charge, of the British biî^. Biamond, which has arrived hore from Proboliogc with Battinese horses, mentions that ho had bent-' attacked near Bczoekia by a Prussian or RueeiiKu cutter, of about oight kijangs (13 tons). That Ü». cutter fired a blank caTtridgo across his vessel, afterwards ono with ball. On his threatening to ahhfc tko yacht she ceased firing. This yacht must be U>». samo which Sa'ijd Alsegaf had already mot at Koeparjjr in Timor. She was manned by Europoans, aitf*.'.' '. belongod to Sydnoy. Tho Melbourne Argu- transcribes a paragraph froro. a Batavian journal (the Handolsblad of October _23j; that an adventurer, who is rcoognifablo without diffi- culty as tho protonded Count Atloms, whom mm^y ? Sydnoy people havo too good reason to romombor, batt caused somo Iittlo interest thero. and had ultimatery succoeded in Kitting into custody. Tho parngrnpSt. states that some noise had been occasioned nt SOOT»» hnya by tho doings ef an Austrian count, who aTrireifc thore somo time ago in a yacht from Australia^. The count first attracted notice by complain- ing that an English schooner which ho mot wilst- on tho way had refused to anawor bis sainte»* Another version of this matter wa3 givon from another source, by the report made by tho captain ©£f an English schooner called tho Bi iinond. which ho& arriv.'d in Passoeroean with horses from Java, tha&a;* had oa hi« way fallen in with a Russian or PrussinKi yaoht, which had fired; first a blank cartridge, an»£> afterwards a shot at his-! vessel. Howovor, attenticc; was soon drawn to tho count on account of other civ cumstnnccs... Acoinroeroial firm in Batavia recoived ar warning from Australia to look out for an Austria*.- . count, who had in-a questionable way obtaiatit ? possession of a yaoht, and_ waa sailing in "it to Jnva».. This warning waa conjoined with tho reports ol Ha great many imp.o.-itinn.p' prnctiBod in tho prtcodirigr year in Europe, particularly in Ilolland, by a peras», who ropreEcntod himself to bo an Austina:* count, and it was thought that tho totea*, from Australia might : bo this poraon. These azo picions wero telegraphed from Batavia to Sournbeyxt. Tho warning, however, carno in somo respects too lai».. The count had already discounted nt tho bank a. biE! - of exchange for a furn not stated, and it was euV- - scquontly romarked that 'tho paper in many reepjctEv .. resembled somo of tho fradulont paper negotiated ias> year before by the pseudo count at Ainstord&rx-.; Although tho warning came too late for prrventio», iir carno in timo, porhapB, to bring to a stop tho career of this successful swindler, as it was thought propra un or tho circumstances to arrest and dotnin bât - ponding inquiry. . This was tho condition ef tia. muoh-toadioa Syclnoy visitor at tho dato of our 1 nissie intolligpnco-lying in custody, whilo inquiries xteiti being instituted preliminary to a criminal prosees», tion. 