TH# BENDIGO ADVERTISER PUHI.lSHKli OAII.Y . . ; ! , x) PantjRSiiJOK, OUR ItlftltTS, AMD OUR KRlOURCKt. SANDHURST, SATURDAY, FEB.!, ISRS, THE PANAMA MAIL. For once the news via Panama is later • than; that -which has previously reached [usT'by the Overland route, and containing some items of importance. Foremost amongst these is the intelligence of the doings of those general dis turbers of the public peace—the Fenians. The information which had previously been received told us that the threat had been used, that, if the Fenians condemned to death for the outrage at Manchester were executed the odious deeds of the incendiary would tell of Fenian revenge. Most persons, we apprehend, thought that this was but the bad boast of angry men. They believed that whatever the i capacity of the organisation for atrocious deeds i the dread of raising a feeling throughout Eng land that might be perilous to the numerous Irishmen settled in the country, would deter it from acts of such stupendous folly. What we now learn shows how idle is all reasoning when men are carried away by a- dominant passion, and such an one as revenge.' ! The blowing tip of Clerkonwell Gaol shows that the Fenians have been as good as their word. It might have been supposed, however, that who ever else they would endeavor-to injure,' tliey' would not strike at men already suffering the misery of their misdeeds against; the fpublic. That a prison should have formed the object of their attack, that they should, have taken the lives of some and maimed a number of other prisoners will strike every one with amazement. The further news which will presently be re ceived by way of Sydney may explain the reason of Clerkenwell Gaol having been selected as the scene of their proceed ings, but at present it is quite unaccount able. We know that there are forty-three victims to Fenian malice, and that is all.: But there is no occasion to think that the success of the Fenians in causing a calamity .which will assuredly recoil on their own heads 13 any indication of their strength. Any small body of ruffians could do as much. The danger lies in the secrecy that could plot and carry into effect so diabolical a deed. If these pests faced danger aa brave men and patriots usually face it, by flying to arms, they would soon be taught a lesson in England as they were in Ireland,—a lesson that would serve as a warning to all future disturbers of theipublie peace. But it is difficult for the utmost vigi lance always to thwart the machinations of a secret organisation. It matters not how well informed a Government may be, it must always be possible' for their activity to be sometimes eluded. We know how well the British Government is kept informed by traitors in the ranks of the Fenians themselves. They were • forewarned of the attack that ^vas made at Manchester, they had information of the intended raid into Canada, they were acquainted with most of the intended proceed ings in Ireland in connection with the attempted rising. But they must occasionally be baffled. . . It is easy to understand the alarm that prevails throughout England. Nothing is more likoly to inspire terror than a hidden danger.: It is not the danger to individuals probably that is feared, but the possibility that individuals may be jeopardised by a blow not aimed specially at them. When it is remembered that hundreds of thousands of Irishmen are employed in England and Scotland, that Glasgow and Birmingham swarm with them, that a large number of'them are employed in the dock-yards and elsewhere—the people and the Government must feel aa if they had a mine, under their :feet. And what is to be the upshot of. the'matter ? We are told that there are six thousand troops concentrated in London ; but troops are all but useless to prevent crimes of this kind, and it appears too probable that feeling this, people may endeavor to make themselves safe by ceasing to employ men whose very presence they may deem a danger. At any moment there may be an anti-Irish cry, and the populace i taking ( the law into their own hands may exact fright ful reprisals, and of innocent men. Supposing; tens of thousands were suddenly thrown out of employment, how hideous would be the calamity,, and hoiv fearful the disasters that must ensue,?. Yet anything is possible when a nation is, stirred by violent indignation and the victim of uncontrollable panic. There is no room to doubt that this outrage will be fraught with the worst possible consequences to Irish men. It will banish all sympathy with wrongs of which they may justly complain, and sot against them all but men of criminal mind. Americans may be jealous of England, but they will be imbued with the deepest distrust of people that could by such foul means attempt to obtain revengo. The wildest speculation cannot conceive how the British Government will secure the safety of its non-Irish subjects, but itssagacity and coolness give an assurance that it at least will do nothing under the influence of passion. It is satisfactory to reflect that whatever it determines to do it has the power to carryiinto effect. Besides its regular military force it lias the whole of the volunteers ait .'its ;disp6sal. But even these may be powerless'to'restrain tho people, should they tako the vindication of jrder into their own hands. The recent dis turbances .it Birmingham allowed us tho fanaticism that still existB amongst cor tain clas3cs of tho population. If to fanaticism be added hate, what power would be effectivo for tho purposes of control 1 It is to :.bo hoped,-, for::tho •. sako-of:Irishmen themselves,, that tho people will/takoj such an attitude as will strike- terror-into these-ruthless conspirators. It would; bo-a; cruel thing if poaceable, industrious . Irishmen were to suffer for tho deeds of tho few Fenians that exist in their ranks. Wo yet believe that the Fenians will see tho folly and danger of tho course tliey have pursued, and that the noxt mail willjtcll us that 110 further outrages have occurred, and that the public mind has beon roassnred. The. plainest understanding amongst tho Fenians must be able io comprehend that the caus'o of Ireland can never be assisted by such a crime as that perpetrated "at Clerkenwell Gaol. How sad a; tiling, it is that » raco, physically 'and mentally so well endowed, and capable of such great things, should cherish" hopeless aspirations and - follow .tho leadership of , their very worst enemies.' ' ! Summary.—The usual monthly summary, for | despotcKby thernail, ^villj bSpublished in Mon day's issue. Music is the .Reserve.—Hallas'a Band will play a selection of "sacred"pieces in the Camp .Reserve to-morrow afternoon., /■ Religious Services arc to be conducted by the Rev \Y. R, Lewis in the Congregational Church, Forest-street, to-riiorrow evening for the benefit | of the Sunday School. . -, , ■ * Soiree.—The -Catholic Young Men's Society intimate that a soiree, under their auspice?, is to take place in their hall M'Crae-street, on Tuesday i night; T , •• •: > - i\ r. fr « r, , ■ [ " The AcciB'Est to Ms 'M'Lachlan! is not likely, we learned yesterday, to" fee attended with any more serious- consequences,than hi3 detention within doors for a'few deys; ' *1 The Bendigo Races.—In the list of accept I'ances for the races, published in the 'Advertiser of Wednesday, we omitted the following, viz, Mr •,C. B. Fisher's Token, for the Sandhurst Cup; and Mr Tilyinan's Lady Zanga, for the Selling Stakes. . ; A Royal Compliment to Local Talent.— •Yesterday Mr George Joseph, received a com munication from Lieutenant Haig, Equerry to H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh, informing him that Messrs Joseph- arid Co. of Pall Mall, Sandhurst, had been appointed goldsmiths to the -Prince. The communication'added*.that'-on the arrival of His Royal Highness in England the Letters' Patent to that effect would be sent to the firm. We are glad to see that the district can furnish artizana whose'.skill so richly merits such a handsome acknowledgment from Royalty. Sandhurst Bokougii Council.—There was no meeting of the Borough Council held yesterday afternoon, although there was a quorum present. The weekly irieeting~ of the Finance Committee I was held, at which the following members were 1 present, viz:—The Mayor, Crs Macdougal), Garsed, Aspinall, Holmes, .Holdsworth, and Burrowesn The following business was transacted: —The tender of J. Galvin for the, eradication of thistles within the borough was accepted at the sumofL40 5s. The town clerk/was directed to notify to the occupiers of private property to take steps to destroy-all thistles growing thereon. The, tender of Mr M'lrinerney for work in Williamson-street at :L18 ■ 12s 6dr'was accepted. The account ol Messrs Hasker and J. D. Crofts (or auditing the accounts of the borough, amount ing to L52 10s was rendered. The committee re duced the 'amount to, ^42,.which was passed accordingly. The committee agreed to increase the salary of the sexton of the Back Creek Cemetery to L325 per annum. Stung by a Scormon.—On Sunday evening last a farm laborer named J. D. Rawlings, while sleeping in his hilt on Mr Savage's farm, Spring field, was awakened by feeling something biting his left arm. He thought it was an ant, and com posed himself to sleep again, but a second bite was inflicted on the arm, when a light was procured, but nothingcould.be seen. A burning pain spread through the arm and in the morning it had swollen considerably. When the sufferer arose he ob served a scorpion about one and a half inches in length, at the hut door, which he suspected was the-venomous insect which'had bitten him during the night. Subsequently Rawlings came to; Sand hurst, and it was considered necessary that he should become an inmate of • the hospital, as the swelling was extending up the arm. The medical treatment which; he has received in that institution has had the effect .of mitigating the pain, and last evening the swelling wasrsomewhat reduced. ' SuAKSPERiAN Recitals.—Last' evening, in the Mechanics' Lecture Hall," Mr JoBeph Iiayner, tragedian, who, during-his late'engagement at the Lyceum Theatre,- with Mr : James Anderson, gained for himself a'high reputation amongst the public of Sandhurst as^n'/actor. gave an enter tainment entitled "Shaksperian Recitals.'! The audience was not so numerous as we should have anticipated, considering , the, prestige of Mr Eayner; nevertheless those who were present enjoyed a treat rare in Sandhurst. A number of the choicest passages' from Shakspere's plays formed'the bulk of; the'programme,'and these were recited' with' singular• beauty of ex pression' and / fine 'elocutionary poweri Mr Rayner does- . not 'teffect,-; the ; .ranting, but a generally .quiet and earnest style of delivry at the same time vigor and expression in word and" action were not wanting". The selections ■from " Hamlet" were, those Jn. which Mr Iiayner excelled,' and-the scene * between arid the Ghost, also the interview between Ilamlet- and the Queeri' were splendid exhibitions of . elocu tionary skill. Othello's address to the Senators also called forth loud applause from the audience. The dagger scene from " Macbeth" was a scholarly reading. The " Death of Poor Joe," from " Bleak House," a very mournful extract, was read in too low a tone, and half of it was missed by the audience. The entertainment con cluded "with a recital of a few friendly verses in memory of G. V. Brook. To-night, at the Lyceum Theatre, Mr Rayner gives a similar en tertainment, and those who wish to hear Shaks pere well read ought not to miss the opportunity offered. Fire Inquiry.—The District Coroner held an inquiry yesterday, at the Temple Court Hotel, to ascertain the origin of tho fire which consumed the stable of Mr Alichael Meagher on the night of the ; 28th ult. The evidence of Mr Meagher was taken, and showed that he was from home at the tinie of the fire, near the Big Hill, and arrived just after the property was destroyed, which in cluded two horses belonging to himself, valued at iL40, and one belonging to Mr Batchelder worth L20.-' The total loss was. estimated at L200. Charles Edwards, i»room, gave evidence that he was hired by Mr Meagher on the morning of tho 28th ult; that he had had no drink that day, and at nine o'clock he left the three horses in the stable. After blowing out the candlc, which was in a glass lantern hauging on a peg, he walked down the lane. Within ten minutes afterwards, anil while he was talking to Mr Moran and John Wall, a female shouted out that the stable was on fire. [ Witness ran up to it and found it all of a blaze, hut notwithstanding he rushed in to the furthest horse, and was half way out with it when it jumped and knocked wituess down. He got Up and cut the halters of the other horses and then had to make iiis escape from the flames. Witness was certain no sparks flew from the candle when he blew if, out, and it was not hanging within 2£ feet of any hay. John Wall was tlic previous groom, and was present when witness took charge. C. A. Moran corroborated Edwards' evidence. John Wall gave evidence that he was talking with Edwards and Moran when the alarm of fire was given. J. W. Carss stated that ho was sitting reading in the parlor of the London Hotel when the fire occurred, and hearing the alarm he ran and assisted in extinguishing it. He did not observe, any fire in Mr Harris' stahle, which adjoins the rear of Mr Meagher's. The jury gave a verdict that there was no evidence to show how thij fire was caused. 