"BUSIc FLOWRIR FRILO AUSTRALIA."- This is the title of a pleasing little volume of poems and fragments of prose, a copy of which we have received from Messrs. Walch Brothers and Birchall. Its merits deserve a more extended notice than we are now able to give. BunaLArY.-On Friday night last the house of a man named Seer, a tailor, who resides on the Windmill Hill, was entered, and sundry small articles stolen. A man named Win. Fox is in custody onsuspicion of being the burglar, lie was brought up at the Police Court on Saturdlay, and remanded till 18th instant. ST. PAVL's CnUrtcr.-Sermons were preached at the above Church on Sunday last, in aid of the General Church Fund, when the collections amounted to £21 10s. THn GooLn Esconr hlRnnsRs.--Griflin, who has been convicted of the murder andi robbery of the police esort at the Mackenzie River, Queensland, remains in prison st Rockhamp. ton. He still professes his innocence, and seems to be little affected by the position in which lie stands. lle arrived in Brisbane, it appears, seven years ago, and was for a time in command of the police there. He was, then made clerk of pelty sesones at Brisbano, and was afterwards promoted to the office of the polioe magistrate at Olermont., MuaonAoes' INSITUTi...t-WO would re.) mind our readers that the Musi4al Union' connected with this-instituto purpose giving a concert in the Hall this evening. Amongst other choice sulections is a part song from Novello's book entitled "The song, of the Idhilroads," which at the present time will doubtless prove attractive. The programme Sis an extensive one, comprising no less than seventeen pieces, . as follows :-Overture, "Fig ,ro," Mozart; part song, "Our Native Land," Reiohliirdt; song, "Enoch olAden's Dream," Rlookley; trio, "To t the mountain away," Rooks; reiot. and air, " Nelson," Bralham;' chorus, "Gipsy," Weber;. song, "'Tis. sweet to think of those we love," Thomas; violin duet, " L'olisor 'd'amore," Wiobtl; overture, "Bohomian Girl," lialfo; cavatina, " Moerry is the Greenwood," Glover; part song, "Song of the Railroads," Macfarren; song, "The Bonny English ,Rose," Nelson; ,duet, the Flower Gatherers,". Glover; chorus, "Now tramp o'er moss and fell," Bishop; song, r "The Homeward March," Moore; trio, "A I little farm well tilled," Anon.; solo, duet, quartette, and chorus," "God Save the Queen," Bull. - FUNERAL OF THE LATIE A. BTRWART, Esq. -Notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather there was a large company: from town and country that followed the remains of the late Mr. Stewart to their last resting place in the Scotch burial ground, on Sa turday afternoon. The Rev. James Lindsay, of the Free Church, officiated on the occasion. " FOnELorAts OF TIStORTALITY."-Tis is a lecture delivered in the Town Hall, Laun ceston, on 0th March, by Mr. S. Corons. The profits are to be devoted to the memorial fund for the three children who lost their lives by an explosion of the model ship Galatea, at Sandhurst. Thobcircumstances will be fresh in the recollection of our readers. The authorities quoted and the facts cited make this a very interesting pamphlet, and-its wide circulation would be useful to a certain class-those who have neverthought on the subject and who are sceptical concerning it. TnE Gr.Asnsr.owEs. - The Bohemian Glassblowers having returned from the South announce tbothree final entertainments in the colony, at the Mechanics' Institute on to. morrow, Thursday, and Friday evenings. On the latter evenina Mr. Woodroffe will take a complimentary benefit. As usual valuable prizes will distributed each night, and a band will be in attendance to enliven the proceed ings. RoLLER SRATING bids fair to become a very popular amusement in Launceston, it we may judge from the number of gentlemen amateurs who made their debut at the' Mechanics' last night. According to an. nouncement, Mr. A. F. Spiller, the Champion Skater, gave a select skating entertainment in the large Hall, last evening, and was assisted by about a dozen of his pulpils, many of whom are already very clever, and reflect great credit upon their tutor. A strong, though not unpleasant, feeling of excitement is experienced by the speolators in witnessing the rapid and graceful evolutions of the skaters, who one moment brush past you, within an inch of your toes, and the next are whisking along at the other end of the room, at the rate of twelve miles an hour. Mr. Spiller has several lady pupils, but they did not appear last evening. It is his desire to form a large class for the winter season, on the principle of the one he conducted in Hobart Town. In the capital, Mr. Spiller was patronised by many of the elite, and perforned by command on board the Galatea. Last night the audience was very select, and we have no doubt that a large claa,, composed of the gentry of Launceston, will be formed. It is probable that another enter tainment will be given early next week. Tun CONnor GAP Mna?Rnas.-The Yaas Courier has the following:-"Superstition has planted a ghost at the scene of this fearful tragedy. We mentioned in our last'issue that the house in which the murders were com mitied had been abandoned, and that the man who had taken charge of Conroy's sheep hlad located himself in the detatehed building from which Mrs. Conroy emerged on the fatal night, only to meet the same doom as her husband and others. Since that it would ap. pear that some persons had temporarily taken up their abode in the main building. and on the first night of their sleeping there " hand described as heavy as that of a human creature passed over their bodies while they lay in bed. On the second night, by the light of tlhe fire which we have referred to as burning all night, in the pla-e where the shepherd slepta figure dressed in black was seen in the room where' the murders wereperpetrated. Thesuperstitous may prob tbly suppose that it was That figare clothed from head to foot. Which keeps the keys of all tbo creeds. However, one thing is certain, that so alarmed were all those at the farm house, temporary tnjourners and the shepherd, that they have abandened the piece, and have pitched their camp on the bank of the ereek. The pri- I eoner'Monday continues to exhibit no remorse and is seemingly quire rational on the sub ject of his past atrooious career. The medical officer of the gaol, Dr. O'Conn.r, is perlectly satisfied as to the culprit's sanity ; but we sup. pose that when he is put upon his trial the' jury will be directed to take evidence as to his ability to plead." COLONIAL WINE COMPANY.-A colonial wine company is about to be started (saya the Herald) for the purpose of purchasins atnd maturing Australian wines, supplying them st a moderate profit to the local consumers, and expOr.ing them to Enslnnd and India. 'We understand that the projector is now in com mnlication with the vignerors of Albury. *as rLNa c p rAoacysssbowzo AT Ho10 TIti!-Tho West\dGoaet 2linee of 28th ilt. mentions tswo fthrther- arrests--namely, -Mr. Melody, and Mr. Barrett-in conneotion with the late prooeasion, 'rod remarks i-The Ovlt Solloo was last evening taken possession of by the police, and searched for papers. An Secclesiastio arrived from Wellington, charged with powers to nassume the pastoral functions hitherto exorcised by the ' renegade priest,' the Rev, Mr. Larkin. On the night of 20th I-a rumor that the ?rnijns would make a movement that night being in circolation 080 special constables turned out for the defence of the city, which was divided" into diatriots and placed in their care. The theatre was opened for holding a great gathering for the expression of the loyal feel lags of the community. T'Ihe Mayor presided, And very spirited addresses were made. A meeting had been previously held (on the 25th nit.), at the Opera House, at which 2000 persons were present. In the evening there were loyal processions and illumina tions. HINDRANCEB TO MARRIAo..-The Lady's Own Paper, in commenting on the discussion that has taken place on the increasing "'disuse of marriage," observes: "Viewing the whole subject fairly, it would appear that, hovover the blame may be bandied atoot, th main cause why marriages are becoming less and less frequent amongst the upper and middle classes is, that society is more exacting than it wast we are not content, whether male are female, with the same style of liv ing as the past generation ; men are unwill ing to commence where the parents com menced, and so society becomes hollow and unsatisfactory; men die before their time by fast living, and maidens are deprived of the household joys for which the true womanly nature pines. Possibly the enhanced price of provisions in the present day, as compired with the past, may alao have some bearing on the subject. A . New PcHAsU i AwT.-London is likely to receive ore long.:the visit of .;the frerees 3onihour-said to.be brotheor..to: the celebrated Rosa Bonheur-who have been entertuiniig'the Belgian publio with':some wonderful performances to demonstrate the magnetic power. They are twin-brothers, one being the operator the other the medium Leaving any scientific analysis entirely out of the question, it cannot be- denied that their performances are highly interesting, more particularly tl-e one in which the operator, standing among the audience,' has a name of some celebrated person whispered in his ear, upion which the sleeping medium on the platforms.jumps up from the chair on which he has been dozing, stalks up to a large black board facing the public, upon which he draws 1ith incredible rapidity the exact likeness of the person whose name has been whispered to his brother at some considerable distance, and who does not move. . STAMPS FOR Tia PUBLIC SRloVIcE.-A new regulation (says the Adelaide Observer) has teen issued from the COhiet Secretary's Office, intimating that for the futurethepostage stamps issued to departments for use on public service will have an initial letter printed thereon representing the name or title of the department. The new arrangement is to take effect on the lst April, and the issue of new stamps is to be upon approved requisition, ac cording to a prescribed form, which should be limited to the quantity absolutely needed for the cereice of the department. THE STATE OF P PROVINCIALISM. - The awtoke's Bay Herald says, the provinces of the Northern Island are all more or less hard up. Auckland is virtually bankrupt. Ta ranaki has to work in the most economical manner upon an. income of less than £5000 per annum.. Wellington, hitherto so pros-. perous, is. unable to meet the demands upon the treasury cheast.: Hawke's Bay with the assistance of its £60,000 loan seems to be the best off of the lot, but its land revenue is almost nil, and it no more tItan the others can carry on any, great while without local taxation to supplement a very scanty re venue from other sources. FranaRne Aodoa.-Another accident of. a most distressing aearacter has occurred near St.' Helens from the inosutious use oe firearms. Two youths, aged sixteen and fourteen, sons of the American consul of the district, were in the kit chen, when the elder boy. took op a goo. Remarking that he was prepared for the Feslats, he accidently pulled'the trigger, and the contenta of the gun lodged in the right eye of his brother, I completely destroying it, and also severely ljor. ing the other eye. . 