CORRESPONDENCE. THE APPROACHING ELECTIONS. To the Editor of The Advocate. SIB,—I crave space for a few remarks in your next number. The Loyal (?) Liberal Reform Association, supplied with funds by Mr. Kyte, directed by Messrs. M'Culloch and Co., through their henchman Mr. Burtt, and backed up by Mr. G. P. Smith and the Age, in their anxiety to perpetuate a state of things which, while it entails ruin upon the colony, would secure to them and their followers place and pay, and give to the squatters a longer tenure as the price of their support, are making strenuous exertions to induce men to come forward and oppose the members of the Ministry. But notwithstanding their offers to pay all expenses, and even to provide the election speeches and pack the meetings, very few men can be found willing to assist Messrs. M'Culloch, Burtt, and Co., in keeping the country in its present condition. The few that are willing to accept seats in Parliament on any condition, or who are anxious to make a name for themselves, by contesting an election with a minister of the Crown, are of such a stamp that the opposed members have little to fear from them. Mr. C. E. Jones, the well-known master of an Orange lodge, who was opposed, at the late election by the very men who are now bringing him forward, has been mentioned as an opponent to Mr. Gillies. Surely Mr. Higinbotham must be in a sad plight to be obliged to choose such a shocking "Old Hat." It would be a mere waste of time to point out the more eligible man of the two. It would be a calumny on the electors of Ballarat West to suppose for a moment that they would select a man like Jones, in whom no one—not even his own backers—places the slightest confidence, in preference to a man like Mr. Gillies, who enjoys the respect and esteem of all, including even those who differ from his views. Mr.' Fergusson has been mentioned as likely to oppose Mr. O'Grady for South Bourke; but making every allowance for the lengths which the " Loyalists " (loyal to themselves) are prepared to go, I cannot treat tlw? matter otherwise than as a joke. At all events, with such an opponent, Mr. O'Grady's return is certain. The inevitable Jeremiah Dwyer, the defeated of Villiers and Heytesbury and Kilmore, and the writer of certain sensational articles in a well-known daily, villifying the men whose suffrages he sought, but failed to obtain—has, together with a Mr. Cock (admirable association, fo* the best account to which an "Old Hat" can be turned is to cock it), been brought forward to oppose Messrs. Bayles and M'Donnell. Whatever chance Jeremiah might previously have had, he has not the ghost of a one now, however deep his lamentations for past offences may be. His scandalous conduct after the last election completely disgusted the few friends he. had. He will have another opportunity of letting the public know, in the same sensational manner, through the columns of the Age, the reason why he was again rejectedby Villiers and Heytesbury. Mr. Cock, who rows in the same boat, will share the same fate—Arcades ambo, <C-c. That my predictions as to the result will be verified, I am certain; And I feel glad that some of the ministry will be opposed. Their return, against opposition, will be an emphatic declaration that the electors are heartily tired of the present ruinous state of affairs. The result will clearly prove to the " Old Hats" that if they consult their own interests they will not attempt to obstruct measures calculated to remove the present dead-lock. Otherwise, should an appeal to the country be found necessary, better men will occupy their, places. Every man who has.the interest of the colony at heart, who wishes to see pubiic works proceeded with, the money now locked up in the Treasury circulated, and trade revived, will actively assist in returning the members of the present Ministry. That Mr. Burtt and his confreres will do anything and eveiything, no matter how unscrupulous, to secure their ends, I am quite convinced. Indeed, their organ has already attempted to get up a religious cry, because, forsooth, two members of the Ministry are Catholics, a faith which no respectable man dare profess, unless he be a supporter of the M'Culloch party, such as Mr. Dwyer or Mr. FarrelL , Every honest and intelligent man in the community, no matter of what political party is called upon, to show by his vote that the b l f t c i o crism mufit^lu&tight; to a close, and that the country willsup^rfr the mtembers of;4he present ..Ministiy,. because; they iave hAdOtte ananhness to>,eom£ ^forward to .relief the jCplo>uy frtfjp lt§upx$B9i$i deplorable ^riditibn; . and also, because thw^re^thprqughly ai^ee^., and honesiTin their Jntentioiis to accomp!^sl^^:a^Bir&ble;«na.' 1 am, SSf, $bUE8, &c.;, CtoNSWTPTIONAttS*.' 