THE GOVERNMENT AND THE BANKS. Yours, Brisbane, August 5. DEPOSITOR. SIR: It is not at all surprising that, among other charges brought against the Government during the debate of August 4, that of limiting the amount of deposit at the Savings Bank to £500, should have been prominently urged. Ministers attempted a justification of their moat impolitic action by arguments and explanations at once vague and evasive, and it becomes the duty of aDy person acquainted with the circum stances to expose them. Mr. Mackenzie denies that a deputation of bankers waited upon the Government relative • to this question (it is true, nevertheless). He admits, however, that subsequently ho bad some conversation with a bank manager. Mr. Pal mer also concedes this, and gives some details of the interview. The impression thus sought to be conveyed is that the Government spon taneously, without any pressure, or even their attention being directed to the subject by the banking interest, did, in March last, make the regulations the wisdom of which has been so freely canvassed ever since. Now, what are the facts ?—and Mr. Macken zie is challenged successfully to contradict them. About January of the present year a croditor of one of the banks withdrew £2000, and placed the sum to his account in the Government Savings Sank. Now was commenced a direct attempt by the banks to have a regulation made prohibiting sums larger than £200 being re ceived. Mr. Mackenzie had several conversa tions (and I have no doubt correspondence passod) with persons connected with the banks, one of whom was the manager of the A.J.S. Bank. For some time the attempt was inef fectual, until Mr. Bank Manager excites the fears of the Treasurer by playing off upon hisv weak- mindedness and ignorance of what the question really involved. This was accom plished by invoking a financial hobgoblin. This was highly successful, not only with the hon. the Treasurer, but his sturdy colleague Mr. Palmer, who gives a most graphic description of the apparition, his hair standing on end the while. Here is the description, as recorded in. your columns of this day :— "If the Government had not limited the amount of deposits receivable at the Savings Bank, tens of thousands of pounds would have before long been paid into the bank, and great inconvenience would have arisen from the sud den withdrawal of such large sums. One banker had told him that he was prepared to pay, jusfc after the regula.ion complained of had appeared, £10,000 to the credit of the Savings Bunk, with additional sums soon afterwards. By passing that regulation the Savings Bank did not re ceive the heavy deposit, and consequently there was no inconvenience." I affirm that all this took place antecedent and not subsequent to the 19th of March last, and far ther that a quasi compromise was arranged, and the maximum limit fixed at £500 instead of £200. The latter sum was almost insisted upon, and among other forces employed a " counsel's opinion " was made to play its part in the drama. Thus, however, was the terrible hobgoblin temporarily laid, and it becomes us to inquire why it was not invoked until January, 1868, for the Savings Bank Aot (28 Vie, No. 2) had been in operation since August, 1864, and Mr. Manager might, during a period of nearly four years, at any time endeavored to swamp the Government by depositing the tens of thousands of pounds sterling (so ostentatiously jingled) to his credit at the Government Bank. Yet he did nothing of the kind, he mercifully forbore, and only threatened to do so early in 1868. Mr. Mackenzie had a splendid opportunity of retorting the argument of the bank manager, and of exorcising the ghost, for about this very time the directors of a certain colonial bank had issued their report, from which it appeared that the bank referred to had lost all its reserved fund, and written off more than £60,000 of its capital, over £21,000 of which sum was appropriated to a dividend of 8 per cent. The Hon. Treasurer might fairly have enquired whether the direc tors of this unfortunate institution would haye been very much alarmed if a few hundred new accounts had been opened, and some tens of thousands of pounds deposited; and if so, what amount in sterling coin of the realm would be required to frighten them into saying, " Hold, enough." To ask the question is but to answer it. Why, then, should the Treasurer proclaim that the colony of Queensland, with its immense resources in course of development, as well as those realised, cannot prudently be trusted with more than £500 to any single account at the Government Bank? Because, forsooth, a crisis, a rush, a ghost might appear. I contend that a Queensland Government security is better certainly than that of such a bank as I have above referred to, and, to be modest, not inferior to that of the whole of them together. To appropriate the language of the Hon. the Treasurer, I protest against bis shouting out "stinking fish" (vide Treasurer's speech in Courier of this date) any longer. The obnoxious regulation will, I suppose, be laid before Parliament within the next fourteen days, when, it is to be hoped, that the Legisla ture will unhesitatingly cancel it; and, as money is required by the Government, why not get as much of the people's cash as possible at £5 per cent., instead of borrowing of the banks and Oth««r« Jlfc moht. fin.l iiinn . 