OUR NEWSTEAD LETTER. [FROM OUB OWN CORRESPONDENT] Did yon ever hear of the Happy Land ? I suppose not; bat if ever yon did and would like to see it, come to Newstead. It is a beautiful valley, gently undulating pastures, Fkirted by wooded bills, the golden Loddon flowing through its centre, dotted here and there idth .smiling homesteads, and mobs of cattle ; the quiet hum of the little hamlet nestling close to the winding bridge—but pen would tire, and time would fail, half its beauties to unfold, half its glories to describe. There are, however one or two things which somewhat mar the perfection of the picture. The heavenly stillness is rudely broken by the music of the bells floating oer the plain from the distant herds; and the almost entire absence of the charming mosqnito, create quite a void in the otherwise complete collection of insect life. For is the moral view at all of a different character. • In other districts a kid-glove day for the Bench is a very rare event, here, however, it is quite a rule, a prisoner is a thing unknown, the very lockup, empty though it be, is to be removed to a part, wherej from the known character of the inhabitants, it is urgently needed. A wcderful unanimity and brotherly feeling prevails, should the butcher or the chemist find at any time that the business is increasing beyond his capabilities he at once aids a brother to open in the same line, should the storekeepers or schoolmasters be too numerous, one instantly sacrifices himself for the benefit of the others. If the farmers want rein it comes immediately, when they have bad enough it instantly stops, if there be a dearth of news, down comes the Times. If fiction be desired, the Mail or News manufactory at once supplies the article. Shonld a quarrel be", wanted, Strangways is ever ready ; in fact, if anything be required to complete the happiness of tliis lovely valley, it is immediately supplied. Only the other day, a little excitement being necessary, Mac. volunteered to find a ghost in his pigstye, and he found one, too - not a make beli' ve, but a real live ghcst _ Lastly, if a regular good tempered jolly-looking deputation is wanted (expenses paid), Tib the man— tt'BRAZIL. 