THE MELBOURNE SPRING MEETING OF 1868 THE CUP.DAY. Stewards—Messrs, R. Goldsbrough, H. C. Jeffrey, Walter Craig, Major Baker Captain Standish. Judge—Mr. R. Tattersall. Starter —Mr. G. Watson, Clerk of the Course—Mr. Geo. Savory. THE ROAD. i Principally dusty. To tlioso who» were« driven by hard fortuno to adopt wheels' an'dl ' horseflesh instead of wheels and steamy dust was the principal item in their experience of travel. Yot evon tho dust was not so ihsinu- - ating as it has been known to be. Thora' were no " brickQelders," and if ono's trousers did get covered with,sand, and ono's only white waistcoat changed from puro Miowiness to dirty grey, ono did not mind it much;, Tho thoughts of tho exoitemont to be oxpOv.l pcrienced on tlio course gave oucrgy to ono'«' vital powers, and the sand in ears, oyei, and' «oso was forgotten., -, '- > . " [ , Speaking in a stage-coachman sense,, the-. glories of tho road aro departed. We do not . now seo tho teams o£ thoroughbreds, driven., ? by.thomost beautiful of " beautiful swells.'V , Wo miss the small boys tumbling assiduously ,: for coppers, and yoam in vain for. the doll-. ' decorated hats of our early days. The Dead sea fruit of. harmonious applos, inado^to M juro, not to. eat, aro forgotten,,, and tho combats of " pike-keepers" and drngsmen aro not. Wo live in prosaic times, and the rail < has cut out tho rond. . . But, despite the absence of broken,, noses > and four-in-hands, the road to the races f presents some features worth noticing. " The' noblest study of mankind is man," says Pope, and man, as a jingle-hiring animal, Í3 a nobler study still. ,Wo pass over, the luxurious hansom of ferocious' Bache loidom, and contemplate with tender., regard the humblo jingle- of domestic economy. The hansom is ohicfly affected by, í men who go in for aristocratio beatitude, and- i who liko to dash past the "horny-handed" ' amid clouds of superlativo tobacco. ' Ha vannaks and hansoms go together, and, b.ôtb.,^ oro , expensive. Tho man who, stroliia«, j down Collins-streot an hour and a-half aftoc >' timo, looks grimly at his watch, and, mindful - ' of lunch and flirtation, hires a hansom re- gardless of expense, knows hot tho charm's " of a jingle. In "tho first place, look .at ilya driver-there wo havo at onco an unend ing sourco of amusomont. His jokes, his re- ' rnaiks, his adjurations to his steed, his wit- ticisms upon pnssats-by, his Johu-liko method ' of driving, and his unfailing good temper and ' moderation of charge, aro all matters tor con- templation. Moreover, the hansom cab hirer is compelled to confino his conver-' sation to his friend, or-if ho prefers to listen to a sensible man-to himself," while the occupant of a jingle has at least six individual lumps of human clay to mould ' upon tho conversational potter's wheel. He can discourse upon any topic-tho weather» politics, or the stato of tho odds,, and will pro- bably find different opinions expressed upon ' each topic. Augusto Comte diviänd mankind into classes, and considered each class sepa- ' rately. It has been said that a man is ' known by his friends. May wo not say' that ho is known by his vehicle? -*The jingle-riding class of man is as distinct Irom the hansom-cab riding class, as. ? the hansom-cab riding class is from the taxed-cart ox buggy-driving class. The riders in jingles, as a rulo, WOUT wellington boots and smoko pipes, aio givon to silk coats and' black broadcloth. They are loud about the ', favourites, and insist upon calling each other "My boy." They produce boxes of matches (four for 6d.) out or their pockets, and never wear gloves unless made of a stiff and un- yielding green-coloured kid. Tho hansomites are dohcato and dilettante in their dross, they affect hand-coverings of a pure lavender colour, and wear white hats bought the' day befoio yestprday. They aro' íegardless as to sales, and are prono tomultiply silvor.' The drivera in private traps aro legion. Wo havo the honest tradesman who takes his per- spiring family out for a day's ploasuro at the rate of four miles an hour. Wo havo also the "spoiling man," who '" tools" down a friend in a dangerously light vehicle, of American .. construction, drawn by a ferociously fast trotting mare. Wo have tho ' carriage o£ aristocracy, bristling with -beauty and gor- geous with grooms. We havo tho buggy of re- spectability, with John (in now Berlm'glovesV > on the box, and a hamper of cold chickon and champagne underneath the boot. Wo have also the postilioned equipage of Vico-royaltr with 'Vicc-royaltyitself-alittlc dusty and tired * Wo havo one four-in-hand, driven by a gontle man who cannot keep his horses straight, and who is maligned with divors and sundry strange oaths for his inability. Wo have the . "man of,the peoplo," who will insist upon driving out bis family and I his family's/great i aunts generally, in ordor to " show thurn a > little outing," and considors itjnoumbont.on > him to make tho bob-tailed cob belie hiso race hy ineffectually attempting to look as if --¡ li e could trot ¿seven miles an hour. We have tho fore-and-aft buggy overflowing -with babies in various stngos of hysteria and nursemaids, and wo have , thoi daring, im- pudent, jovial, rackotty, ricketty, nondescript trap" which goes anywhere, at any pace, and carries any-number of peoplo. < But if tho vehiclos aro noticeable what shall . be said about tho horseman ? It has always been a matter of wonder to us whoio these equestrians spring from, We see thom in shoals, trotting, galloping, cantering, ambling, in fact doing everything but walking. Itsooms that it is impossible for a man to " walk a horso" to a jraco meeting. Tho vory fact. that ho is going to tho races "renders - dt imporativo for him to stand up in his, stirrups and tako hold of his miserable animal's hoad, and caieer wildly along the > road-way. We, noticed ati least tweuty of thebo amateur Mazeppns flying along with tucked-up trousers, pushed- back hats, nnd backward-borne coat tails. They shook their elbows and pressed in their knees, and cast glances over their shouldors, as though they thought the %voild was ad- miring them, and that delicate young "scions" of female aristocracy, would starb forward from cushioned elegance in fashion- able ccstacieB of admhntion at their noble figures and daring horsemanship, Every- body who hires a hack for 10s. to go " to ITeliningten" thinks that each' person / on ! tho road is lost in admiration at his i steed, and bolicvos . him to bo a "IhosBy mon." whilo ovorybody who walks, endeavours to look ns though the carriago and. two' greys had "just gone a-hcad" o little, and was waiting for him round tho comer. , The- waiko» are not numerous. Ono docs see young men with dusty boots and short pipes, who are eternally cutting up llanott's twist tobacco with blunt pocket-knives, ímt theil general appearance docs not call for observation. Tlioy aro nil of ona .. stamp, and wear black trousers and blue neckties; unless, indeed,thoybcragged Bohe- mians, who dress in any fashion, and care not for any comment. Tho most noticeable feature of tho road is tho masonry. Wo moan ' the houses. They aro either empty, or filled--, with gaping women, shock-headed children, , andvociforou8babies, AssoonasBourko-street ', begins to ompty-whon tho cab- stands oppo- site tho Albion aronoarly deseTted--whon the last' young ira an has bought the last six, pennorth of tobacco, and received tho last useless " tip" from tho tobacconist-when, the last "bit o' muslin" has ' disappeared in | company with tho ' last patron of " Outs," 'and1 tho display of now'gloves" and penny canes bos become less startling then can tho road bo scon in all its glory. , If wo pass the Scotch piohouso, rookingwith, mutton and clammy with comestibles, and, evading tho temptations of easy shaving and cheap photography, boldly turn tho corner of the Post-office, and jump hito the car drawn by* i the Jvhito network-covorod horso, and driven , by the hoarse-voiced imperative cabman, we- , t can ¡view tho road at our oaso. Not for us the latest chef-d'ouvre of Stevenson and Elliot, . ,with box axles and patent screws in ovory available direction : not for us tho dashing: phaeton or the blindly-bowling buggy. If wa. wish to seo ,tbe humours of the road, .the» humblo car ia the placo. For our car goes", softly. ,lt give us timo to look- m' at. . the 'windows, and mark the doings of the fcatsers thorefrom. Wo hftvo often thought-. that' tho host way to seo tho " humours " of a racecourse is to stop at home. Elizalwth strcdt, tho mony- pawnbrokered, is full of matter for reflection, . Wo see the triplo crown of Mammon swing in curious luxuri- ance on all sides, and aro startled into mo- mentary Boriousness by,tho,thought of the ? misery that their gc-Jdon- bollowness typifies. > From each side como down the dwellers in tue lanes and alleys, and stare with ragged impudenco ¿it the stream of vehiclos that rubhes past their dwellings. The bare ox panse that leads to the Benevolent Asy lum is^one Sahara of dust^ and the «nattered _., windows of shops gruT blankly" as wo pass xhemi The flourishing -town- ship that shivers beneath the towering splendour of Mr. Glass's palatial magnificence, is one wilderness of .empty shops and squal- ling children. Turnpikes abound, tolls be- come'wearisome, all tie cabs seem to nave inn into the buggies, and to bo mixed up -with the carriages in wild confusion ; we begin to dust our clothes, and to fix our flowers more nattily in our buttonholes ; we top tho well-known bill, and the course-the gorgeous, glovring, champagne-bearing, lunch giving, merry-making course-lies before us ; and amid a galloping of mounted police, a clashing of sabres, a delirium of horses' heads, a nightmare of silk, tullo, horseflesh, bonnets, and bewilderment, our cab pulls np with a jerk, and we begin to wish that we had saved our money, and come doyvn by rail. ,I,K THE RAIL. Of'tho large number of the city 'and suburban people who devoted yesterday to a holiday on tho racecourse, and who had in the coarse of tho morning completed their preparations for1 a'start, a goodly proportion selected the rail as the way of reaching 'their destination. Travelling by rail yon lose, indeed, 'the opportunity for a dashing display such as the road affords, and you sacrifice sdl' the incident and variety ' which you may oxpect to find in ' tho course of-la drive. But, on tho othor hand, it is a very independent ' way of going for those who like to travel free and un- attached. It involves no preparation, occa. sions-no trouble, and also has the merit of entailing little expense. This was the view .f the subject taken yesterday by from 7,000 to 8,000 people who went to the course from the Sponcer-street Station. The railway department had made ample provision for ithoir conveyance. Trains wero to commence running at a quarter to eleven «'clock, and to keep on starting as fast as they filled. At about the hour named streams of pedestrians in gay holiday costume suited to the fine suinmer wea- ther, converged -from the various western thoroughfares of the city at tho railway tor minus, where cab .after cab was also con- stantly arriving and depositing its load of passengers. As the trains ulled they were started without delay from alternate plat- forms,'and were not long in conveying their freights to theRacecourse Station, and return ingifor nnother load. They wero to have been despatched at twenty-minute intervals, but at the time when the pressure yvas greatest this arrangement was not adhered to, and between twelve and "one o'clock four long, heavily-loaded trains left the station. 2fuU accommodation was afforded to the numbers who arrived, and all wore got away to tho ground by about two o'clock. Every- thing woiked smoothly and well, and tho, return journey in the evening was effected with, çqual success., The numbers yvho travelled by rail were larger than,they had been on any Cup day for some years, but, the railway authorities were fully equal to their task, and acquitted them- selves wit;h credit, as they have long been accustomed to do on such occasions. Although, however, when thus stated in gentsral terms, tho transit appears a very simple and easy matter, it was not altogether so when you came to realise it in all its de- tails. Tbenre was first the croyvding and crush- ing at the ticket windows before the primary condition of railway travelling could be got. Everybody was in a very particular hurry, being very anxious to catch the train just starting, or having somebody waiting for him, and everybody forgot that everybody else was in an equal hurry, yvas quite as eager to get the first train, and was equally desirous of Î;etting 'back to his companions, or of ooking after his interesting charges. People who, when seen in the ordiuary walks of business, usually maintain an irre- proachable stylo of demeanour, could now be seen i pushing, crowding, struggling, eager and hot, utterly forgetful of thepropriotiea thoy were transgressing, and of tho elaborate cos- tumes they weie imperilling. , Men who would, under ordinary circumstances, politely step.asido to make way for each othor, now wero contending with the most obstinate selfishness as to who should be first at the ticket-windoyv. When you had got your ticket, and had succeeded in dragging yourself clear of the pressing crowd, the next thing was; to hurry on to'the platform to find a train, Ten to ono you got thoro just as the traiuiyvas full and the doors wero closed, and were greeted with the bland look of solf-com placonoy with which, at euch a tinao, people who aie in a train regard thôso'who would Uko to be in but are " too late." Then there would bo a rush back to the othor platform to the empty train just backed in.' Pcoplo were not curious as to the class of the carriage into which they jumped, and hundreds who yvould not take out a second class ticket on any account, -, crowded into second-class carriages without knowing or canng about the difference. The car- riages were soon filled and overfilled, tho tickets examined, and the doors closed, and ono had just time to look out with a feeling of calm supenority and repose at the people who yvere hurrying and croyvding in so absurd a manner on tho platform. Passengers wore pretty tightly wedçed in their soats, and two or thrco yvould got in at the last moment, and stand in front of the others, to make the heat, the crowding, and discomfort tho greater. Oh, amusement 1 what things are endured in thy name ! At last tho start came -a feat which would bo sure to be men- tioned in tho words "Now we're off," by somo observant individual, who communi- cated the fact for general information. Tho samo person was always very anxious, on every necessary stoppage, to knoyv "what was the matter," and would proceed to spe- culate in a pleasing way on the consequences of a collision. During the short ran down, of course the solo topic of discourse was the chances of the day, and the guesses and sum mings up of the morning papers yvere retailed as original by many who ? presumed on their hearers' ignorance of their sourco, and for a little while shone with borrowed light as racing oruclcs. Ragpicker, Little Fish, Sydney Tim, and theircompotitors, were criticised with authority by many who did not know one of tho horses without referring to thoir card for tho colours ; and thus, crowded and hot, elevated, talkative, and noisy, ivas the living freight rollod on to the station at the race- course. The passengers here scattered to their respective places-the stand, tho hill, or tho ilat, and the train, without loss of time, ran back for another cargo. Aftor all there was but little noteworthy in tho trip by rail. The mode of travelling affords no scope for the dovelopmont of tho "humours" which onliven tho road. Once within the precincts of a railway station, a man's individuality seems to quit him. Ho becomes only a passenger-an article occupy, ing so many cubic foot of space, conveyed at so much a milo, and numbered by thousands. '? THE COURSE. Whether there wero a fow hundred more people on tho couiso, or a fow hundred loss, than on tho occasion of previous notable gatherings, must be left to tho ticket-collectors accurately to determine ; but taking a pano, ramie view, it may safely bo said that at no previous meeting has a moro crowded or brilliant scenô been seen on the Fleming- ton racecourse. Tho admhahle arrange- ment of tho course divided the J immenso throng into groups, the characteristics of which wero widely dissimilar. ' Tho front of tho grand stand, and the grassy promenade by tho carriago paddock, presented the ap- pearance of an elegant lawn party. Tho attire of the ladies was attractive without being i ' over-resplendent - somo i of the simpler toilets being, as is commonly tho caso, the most becoming-and tho gentle- men were, in the main, dressed as gentle- men should dross. No one could look at this portion of the course without fooling convinced that thorough old days of colonial carelessness and fiutic/ieri«'had passed away. Tho occupants of tho lawn walked and talked and flirted just as thoy would at a Toorak al fresco' entertainment. The air was not clouded with the smoko of cigars,' as it was wont to be ; the loud-betting bookmaker did not invade the sacred' precincts of kid-glove dom ¡ and without1 a single prohibitory an- nouncement of ono kind or another, the general good tasto of the well-dressed mob was potent in preventing tho slightest vio- lation of order and decorum. The promenade between the carriago reservo and the running ground was especially noticeable as exhibiting1 quite a verdant oasis in the midst of the com- pact mass of humanity-a lover's walk stretch- ing from'the distahco-post to the judge's chair. At the very moment when fifty thousand optical organs were rivetted on Glencoe, Stiop, and Shenandoah thundering along tíie Btraight.run,.» few pairs _ot eyes were_ "rivétted. on- each othor in this retreat, them owners-heedless whether GlencoeJ6r Cedric had won the race which for months past has been the~centre of so many hopes. Even a Cup day is not all racing, i On the dexter side of the judge's chair, however, Cupid is about the last deity that would suggest himself to the most romantic mind. Tho weights and scales, which form a prominent feature here, might hint, at .Justice, and possibly with as much propriety as in more exalted courts. What a rush is made for this .corner at the end of each race, to see the horses as they finish their parade in front of the grand stand, and come to ex- plain whether the weights on their backs during the straggle just concluded have been righteous or not! It is here where the winner," if popular,-1 and'he'generally is popular, gets his crowning ovation- hero yvhere the jockeys have opportunity for dis- cussing the details of the race in terms loud chough to catch the ears of the surrounding crowd. John Tait must know this corner woU, and can rarely have felt happier in it than he did when, after having been com- pelled 'to scratch the lender of his fortunate stud, he managed to carry off the prize with one of tho rank and file. , ? ( 1 The saddling'paddock' beyond this weighty point-mysterious enclosure, chiefly fre- quented by knowing men, or men who want to appear knowing-is a charming spot to take a ramble in on a Cup day. Each horse as he is unclothed has his knot of admirers or detractors, and here,'os°elsewhere,'the favoured ones are to be recognised by their multitude of followers. Bookmakers are thick as wasps around a pot of honey, and the very last of the latest betting odds is to bb known. It is a good thing that horses cannot, anymore than men, bo entirely judged by appearance. If they could, some of the ex- quisite three-year-olds would be less regarded, and Mr. Tait s chesnut would be the hero of the hour before, as ho became after, the race. ' In the space between the saddling-pad dock and the grand stand, in front of the stand, on the stand, everywhere sweep- stakes are being got up. We wonder how the Attorney-General, who was pre- sent, could bear the sight of so much reckless lottery business. Wo are not sure that a sweepstakes was not drawn even in the select ladies' gallery, adjoining His Excellency's box. It is sad to know that the spirit of gambling on such occasions will not allow itself to be put down. It yvas not byyeepstakes morely, but many of tho fair sex bet gloves as though their imme-, diate relatives were haberdashers, or at least squatters with runs carrying no- thing but kids.' Some of the fair speculators were, as the sporting phrase goes, "hard hit" yesterday. Of course, in every bet the lady was afforded the choice, and equally of course she chose three or four favourites against the fiold. In this way Sydney Tira, -¡ Little Fish, Ragpicker, andi The Fly had any quantity of gloves laid on their devoted heads as against tho field. The gentlemen who go out early in the morning to Flemington in tho week preceding a great race, and write "tips" for tho newspapers at night, have much to answer for in this direction. ( The glove-betting ladies trusted in their vaticina- tions to an unlimited, extent, and won nothing in consequence. 'Not only the ladies, but the glove-sellers, aro losers in conse- quence. A pleasant race meeting has many charms. It is a promenade and a party, a picnic and a speculative excitement combined. Looked at picnicicolly the carriage repcrve comes out usthestrongfeature. From two to three o'clock -before the great race-there are worse places (joan this curricular retreat. The view is a peculiar one. Long lanes between rows of vehicles, with intervals' of ^-tablecloth and green grass, efiervescent champagne and gossamer feminine forms, cold fowl and dust coats, salad and lorgnettes. The horses aro all at a safe distance at the north end of the reserve, and a rapid snack may be taken even under the very yvheels of a carriage yvithout danger. The betting spint, though prevalent enough here, is less knowing than in the saddling-paddock, and wo have heard of gen- tlemen in this locality so creditably ignorant of the mysteries of the game as to conceive that a person who offered to take 100 to 5 about a horse was desirous of laying £100 to £5 that the animal would win, and jumping at the opportunity yvith sportsmansliko ardour. U bookmakers could bo found.to bet in this wise we fear Attorney-Generals would turn betting men. , The hill-that magnificent natural grand stand, which is the boast of the Melbourne above most courses-lost yesterday some of its ordinary characteristics through the fact of its being so compactly crowded. The row of drinking booths is there; and tho "sen- tinel-box" betting offices, but the doodle-em buck men aie unable to drive a -?ade, and the men with the inclined tables and orrattc marbles have been kept out by order of tho racecourse authorities. The crowd is too dense to enable "three sticks a penny" ito drive a good trade, and Aunt Sally appears hopeloss. With, the excoption of tho betting offices, whore keon-looking gen- tlemen of strongly developed nasal pecu- liarity, stand and offer to lay the odds "from five shillings upwards," thoro is little of a characteristically racing character about "the hill" - a lively, constantly-perambulating crowd of thousands of mon, womon, and "ladies," and nothing more. The bands of Ethiopians, marble men, and the rest have betaken themselves to enliven the leisure of the people who congregate, about the booths on the flat, and " the hill" is content to devote itself pretty steadily to the alternate amuse- ments of seeing the races and drinking. THE RUNNING. Punctually to the appointed hour, tho sad- dling bell sent forth its summons for the first event of the day-tho Maiden Plato-for which a fiold of ten mustered at the post. The 'ungainly Token yvas installed first favourite, but Flying Dutchman and the dark candidates for turf honours, Palmerston and Sir Hercules, also had their admirers, the last-named pair gainihg many friends from their fine appearance. Flying Dutchman, although looked upon as tho certain yvinner by the Geelong folks, did not impress us very favourably, being devoid of those fine racing qualities so essential even in a maiden mee where there are animals engaged of more than ordinary calibre. Koo-wee-rup, like the majority of Touchstone's progeny, ap- peared small and weody ; but Sheet Anchor, albeit he yvas on the small side, stripped in magnificent form, as also did Chieftain and Boatman, yvhilo the chesnut horse nominated by Moirison appealed moro fitted for a show than a racecourse. The lace needs but little description, as Palmerston bad it in hand soon alter a mile had beon traversed, aud coming into the straight with a clear lead, he maintained his position to the end, eventu- ally winning rather easily by a couple of lengths, Sir Hercules, reported as half-brother to the Barb, gaining tho unenviablo position of second, and the big Token stalling off Flying Dutchman by a neck for third place ; Pationco, who fell opposite the scraping-sheds, coming in some timo after the others had weighed in. For tho Railway Stakes, Mr. H. Fisher's Sydney purchase, Blondín, was supported very freely at a slight shade of odds, Sir Solomon and Tho Swell being the only others at all regarded With favour. The result was never in doubr," for tho black son of Lord of the Hills jumped away yvith the load, yvas never afterwards caught, and won hard hold by three-quarters of a length ; the ridiculous ease with yvhich he won causing an immediate rush upon Little Fish for tho Cup, which was the next raco set down for decision. Imme- diately aftor the disposal of tho Railway Stakes, tho plot began to thicken, and the excitement,« yvhich had not previously been of an extraordinary character, became in- tense ; public feeling waxing up to fovcr boat as the different cracks commenced to parade the paddock. The betting men were as thick as locusts, and it soon became apparent that their lungs had in.no way suffered since their lost appearanco in public, for they made the welkin ring yvith their mellifluous voicos, and every desenption of patois in the English lan- guage might have been heard in the enclosure as the mctallicians solicited the support of the Sublic Tho easy victories of Palmerston and londin in their' respective races had the effect of materially reducing the odds against Lady Manners Sutton and Little Fish, the former having had a satisfactory trial with Palmerston.'Und-the son o£ Fisherman being spoken as stones superior to Blondin," The idol1 of the public, Sydney Tim, however, firmly maintained his position at the head oi the poll, and 3 to 1 was the highest price offered against him. He, Mr. Fisher's pair, Glenco!;, Lady Manners Sutton, and ono oi two others, yvero the only horses backed with anything Uko spirit, and wo never remombei a Cup race ovor which speculation was se limited, a fact probably to be attributed'te the tightness of the monoy market One ol the first of the Cup representatives to catch 'our eye was the rat-toiled scrubbor Snip, whose chanco was regarded as a most remote one ; and Milesian, another of the up-counto division, industriously circulated as a i "good Jhing," did not'at all favourably irnprési"us. Qnite a different conple, how- ever, were Mr. Tait's representatives, Glencoe and Bylong. With his coat shining with the bloom of health, legs clean and wiry as whip- cord, and the muscles standing out on his arms and thighs in grand development, there was no mistaking which was Mr. Tait's best as he stalked majestically round the paddock : and as bis custodian removed his clothes, and the blacksmith knocked off his plates to pre Îiare him for the fray, he was surrounded by a argo and admiring crowd of friends, who wero loud m their laudations as to his splendid condition ; and although Bylong was comparatively neglected, there wero not a1 few who hoped against hope, fondly anti- cipating a victory for the "lame'un," as he was termed by the betting men. Alongside of Mr1. Tait's pair, Mr. Clceland's ponies Shenan- doah and Barwon did not shino conspicu- ously ; but David did not nerve himself for the combat with ' Goliath with greater con- fidence than did the host of the Albion pre- pare his steeds for the coming stmggle. Both were as fit as it was possible to make them, the golden skin of Barwon shining in the sun like a mirror. Lady Manners Sutton did not strikq us as being much improved or thickened since wo last saw' her in public, for she ap- peared to have grown rather shelly, and looked somewhat slack behind the saddle. Strop was fit enough to run for a man's exist- ence-albeit many of the knowing ones took exception to the amount of daylight under ?bim. Many anxious inquiries were made for the Cup hero of 1807, but Mr. De Mestro wisely Kept him in his box until everything else had left the paddock, when ho brought the crack out, the few persons in tho vicinity .daking an immediate rush to get a glimpse of the Sydney hero. As is always the case when Mr. De Mestre has the supervision of a horse,Tim was in great fettle, and appeared to have been timed to an hour, the muscles storting out all over his body. His stable companion, Stumpy, was a horso of quite a different character, and one of that class which might win a Cup with something under 7st. upon his back, but never with any- thing above it. Ragpicker looked well, but we thought her rather light ; and Little Fish reminded us much of his siro outwardly, " but no more like his father" as a racehorse than chalk is like cheese. Mr. Keigh- rans two, Seagull and Sylvia, were, in good foim ; the former, however,, exhibited slight lameness as she paraded the paddock, and another "breakdown" was prognosti- cated by those who witnessed the tendency to limp in her gait Lantern, the " moral certainty " of St. Kilda, we regardod as an impostor directly we cast our eyes ,over him, for ho is an ewe-necked, three cornered brute, with not the slightest appearance of "a wonder" about him. The Fly, about whom we had heard so much, we did not see ; but with regard to Cupbearer, Newchum, Cedric, and Milesian they were clearly out of their element. Nimblefoot appeared to be a much better horso than upon the last occasion when we saw him perfoim ; but, like many other fancied ones he cut un a rank duffer in the race. After parading in front of the stand, the competitors (twenty- four in num- ber) marched to the post, from whence, after a slight delay caused by the fractiousness of Lantern and Shenandoah, they were de spotched to a pretty even start, of which Tim Whiiller had all the worst. Booyoolee re- fusing to go with his horses was left behind. The first to show in advance were Barwon and Shenandoah, both of whom made strong run- ning past the stand, followed byLittleFish, Mr. Tait's two, and Kagpicker, Tim Whiffier fol- lowing in the ruck. Rounding the turn, Mr. Clceland's two maintained the pnde of place, and still further increased their lead as they went along the back of the course, Mary Ann lying third, and Little Fish, Ragpicker, and several others already hanging out signals of distress. Nearitig the abattoirs, Barwon began to iall back, but the grey mare still earned on the running, and so strong was she going that many imagined she would never he headed, " Will they ever catch her?" resound- ing from all sides. Soon, however, the yellow garb of John Tait was seen forging to the front, and just as the scraping-shuds were reached, Glencoe, going as strong na a lion, made a fine effort, and deprived Shenan- doah of the lead, Strop also coming with a grand rush as they swept into the straight, from which point the race was never in doubt, the chesnut apparently having it in hand all the way home, and his success was loudly proclaimed as the rails opposite the can ¡ago paddock were reached. But Strop came again, and for a moment looked dangerous ; it was but for a moment, however, for Stanley shook his horse, and he won cleverly by a length, amidst tre- mendous excitement ; Shenandoah finish- ing a good third, Tim Whifiler fourth, and Smolensko fifth ; the ruck being many lengths behind. Tho victory of Glencoe was undoubtedly a great one, for it must be borne in mind that ho was carrying 31b. over his weight for age, and such a performance stamps him as quito the equal of Piioworks. "Whether Shenandoah might have won had she not had so much taken out of her by lier fractiousness, and also by malting the running for such a time, is a matter we shall not discuss ; but we are strongly of opinion that had she been favoured with luck, the Cup would not havo gone to Sydney again. The Tasmanian Strop ran a good horse, and his position in tho race speaks volumes for his condition. Tim Whiluer's performance was. indeed, a giand one. Getting away badly, and also suffering from tho disadvan- tage of being disappointed when endeavour- ing to get to the front, still ho defeated every Victorian horse in the race with the excep- tion of one. The manner in which ho came through his horses towards the finish must prove a silencer to those who prophesied his ignominous downfall ; and if ever there was a case of defeated but not disgraced, it was upon the occasion of Tim Whitllei running a good fourth in the Melbourno Cup of 18118. The position of the Fisherman family in the race prov. es most conclusively that the pro- geny of the old Heron horso have been sadly overrated, as none of them looked dangerous after the fiist mde, Seagull breaking down badly, and the others not even finishing near the first four. The Hurdle Race, like the two freceding it, also fell to a Sydnoy horse, 'augh-a-Ballagh, mainly owing to the fact of Potatoes and Kaled running off the course ; and tho Sydney-bred Blondin likewise demon- strated most decisively that Victoria is in- fested with a lot of animals unworthy the name of racehorses, for the first two in the Railway Stakes wero bred in Now South Wales, and tho Victorians had no chance with them. New South Wales hoi ses won the Cup and Hurdlo Race ; and, to finish us up, two New South Wales bred animals, Blondin and Sir Solomon, ran clean away from their Victorian opponents in the Darling Stakes. Appended is the result of the day's racing -. MAIDEN PLATE, Of 5 sovs. each, with 160 sovs added. Weight for age. One mile and a half. Mr. W. J. Clarke's lil li Palmerston, i yrs, by Pre- mier (Jones) .1 Mr. J. .Bradley ns bl li Sir Hercules, 4 yrs (Ohifuey) 2 Mr. O. ten is's 1)1 h Tokon, 4 yrs (Lang) .. .. r 8 Mr. It. Wbitoliead'sbeBoatman, 3 j ra, carrloil SJlb. ovcr(Goodie). .. .. 0 Ur. J. Haimes's b c Fljlng Dutchman, 3 yra (Ma- thieson) .0 Mr. II. M'IntoBli's br m Patience, 4 yra (Ross) .. 0 Mr. J. Korr's ch li Shoot Anchor, 4 yrs (Morrison) . 0 Mr. L. 0. Patterson's b g Koo-wee-rup, 3 yrs (S. Davis).0 Mr. S. Walduck'« di Ii Chieftain, 4 yrs (S Waldock) e Mr. J. Morrison ns ch h-, 4 yrs (A. Davis) .. 0 Mr. J. Wilson us - Youn(- Jessica, 8 yra .. .. di Mr. L Ii. Smith's b g No Surrender, 8 j rs .. .. dr Mr. 0. Carmichael'» ro h Caledonia, 6 yrs . .. di Betting.-C to 4 ogst Token. C to 2 agst Filing,Dutchman, 4 to 1 agst Sheet Anchor, 5 to 1 agst Chieftain and Boatman, 6 to 1 agst Koo-wee-rup and Palmerston. The unnamed chesnut jumped off' in advance, but the running was soon taken up by Token and Flying Dutchman, Koo-wee-rup, who threw his rider di- rectly the flag fell, bringing up the rear. They ran thus at a middling pace till opposite the old stand, and until half way round the turn, when Palmerston and Sir Hercules turned on the steam, and soon passed Tokor and the Dutchman, Patience coming down n burster. In the straight Palmerbton essayed the Jcad, and. carried it on to tho'end, win nine rather easily by a couplo of lengths. Sir Hercules second. Token dofe^ting Fiyinj Dutchman for third place by a head. Time 2min. DIBCC ' \- V ¡ i BA1LWAY STAKES, ' > ' Of 5 sovs. each, with 100 SOVB. added. Foi ? 3 yra old, 7st. 31b.1; 4 yrs, Ost. ; 6 yrs, 9st 71b. ; 0 yrs and aged, Ost. 91b. Winner o any race of the'value of 100 sovs. to carr; 71b. extra ¡ of two or mora such races, 141b extra. One mile and a quarter. ' Ur. È. Fisher's bib Blondín, 5 yrs, by Lord of tho Hills (Morrison) .< .: i .. : Ur. J. Kerr's b g Sir Solomon, aged (Jones) Mr. L. USmlth'ab c Melancholy Jaques, 8 yrs, 71b. extra (Adderley) .. . .. .. ..I Mr. J. Ilalmes'sb h Bachelor, 6 yrs (Coko).. .. Mr. E. Jellett'sch g Sportsman 6 yrs (Mitchell) .. Mr. 0. Marson's b g Sir Arthur, 4 yrs (Harrison) .. Mr. J. Cleeland'« br f Fl v lng Scud, 8 yrs (Carroll) .. Mr. 0. Lewis's b c Euphrates, 3 j ra (J. Jones) Mr. S. Waldock's bl h Tbo Swell, 4 yrs (S. Waldock) Mr. H. Fisher's br I Ragpicker, 8 yrs.d Mr. F.Toter'sibf Thetis,8yrs > '.'d Mr. W. Craig'« gr g Statesman, 3 yrs .. ..-id Betting.-C to 4 oêst Blondin, 2 to 1 ags The SweD, 4 tol ogst anything else. ' ' " Flying Scud was the first away, but sooQ gave place to Blondin, who never allowed his opponents the ghost of a chance from start to finish, winning, hard held, by three-quarters of a length, Sir Solomon second, Melancholy Jaques third, and Flying Scud fourth. Time, 2mm. 21scc. MELBOURNE (TOP, A sweepstakes of 20 sovs. each, with 300 sovs. added. The winner of any handicap of the value of 100 sovs., after the declaration of the weights, 31b. extra; of two or more such races, 51b. extra; second horse 50 i sovs. ; thud horse to save his stake. Two miles. ( , Mr. J. Talt's eli li Glenco«, 4 yrs, by Lord oi tho Bill«, Ost lib , including 31b extra (Stanley) .. 1 Mr. VT. Field'» b g Strop, nged, 7at 101b. (Walsh).. 2 11 r. J. Cleeland'« gr m Shenandoah, aged. 76t. 51b. (Pullar).S Mr. B. Do Mcetre's b h Tim Wliifllor, 0 yrs, lOst. 41b. (J. Kean).4 Mr. P. J. Keighran's br m Seagull, 5 yrs, Sat. i (Waterman) . .0 Mr. P. J. Keighran's b g Stumpy, aged, 8st. (Donnelly) .0 Mr. W. Craig'« b g Nimbleloot, 6 yra 7st 121b. (J. Carter) .i.0 Mr. Lee's eli m Gulnare, a yrs, 7et. 101b., including 31b. extra (O. Thompson).0 Mr. Leo's cb h Bylong, 5 yrs, 7at. 71b (Bennott) .. 0 Mr. L. L. Smith's u m Lady Manners Sutton, 5 j rs, 7st, dib. (Adderley).0 Mr. H. Fisher's br h Llttlo Fish, 4 yrs, 7st. 01b., i carried 7st. 711b. (A. DaTis).0 Mr. J. Clcoiaud's b h Barwon, aged, 7et. Sib. . (Sullivan) .0 Mr. P. J. Keighran's b f Sylvia, 4 yrs, 7st. 51b., ¡carried 7st 71b. (Atkin) .0 Mr. J. Haimcs's b gTaainan, aged, 7st. 21b. (Mathlo 'son) .O Mr. H. W. Jollctt's br g Snip, aged, 7st (Taylor).. 0 Mr. T. Evan's b g Cupbcaror, aged, Ost. 131b., car- ried 8st. 31b (Tothill).0 Mr. J. Whitchead'e b m Mary Ann, aged, Ost. 111b. carried 7st. 41b (Goodie).O Mr. J. Haimes's b h Smolonsko, aged, Ost. 101b , carried Ost 131b. (D. Mltcholl) .0 Mr. J. Lamb's b h Booyoolee, 6 yrs, Oat. 101b., car- ried 7st (Roe).0 Mr. S. Waldock's urm The Fly, 4 yrs, Ost. 91b. (An. , deraon) . 0 Mr. A. Clingin's b gTNew Chum, aged, Ost. 71b. (T. Brown).0 Mr. G Carmlchael's b g Milesian, aged, Oat. 71b. (Tremblo) .0 Mr H. Fisher's br Í Ragpickor, 3 yrs, Oat. 41b. (8. Davis) .. . .0 Mr. J. Lamb's ch g Cedric, aged, Cat. Sib., carried Oat. 01b. (Henderson).0 Mr. J. J. Miller's b g Lantern, 0 yrs, Oat., carried Ost. 111b. (Lewi») .'0 Mr. Mcckan a b g Monkey, aged, fist. 71b. .. .. dr. Mr. J. Taifa bl h Tho Barb, 6 J ra, lOat. 71b., in- cluding 31b extra .dr. Mr. J Hold's br h Boiardo, 4yrs, 7st. 61b.dr. Mr. W. Craig's b h Tim Whifflor, 0 yra, 8st. 21b. . dr. Mr. W. J. Clarko's bl h Palmerston, 4 yrs, 8st» 21b. dr. Mr. T. Ryan's b m Regalia, 4 yrs, 7st. 31b.dr. Mr. B. W. Jollott's b h B. A., 4 yrs, Oat. 121b. .. dr. Mr. S. Waldock'a bl h The Swell, 4 yrs, flat. 101b. .. dr. Betting.-3 to 1 agst Tim Whifiler, 4 to 1 agst Little Fish, 5 to 1 agst Ragpicker, 7 to 1 agst Glencoe, and from 10 to 30 to 1 agst anything else. After a slight delay, caused by the antics of Shenandoah, the flag dropped to a good start, Barwon and Shenandoah at once rushing to the front, little Fish and Ragpicker side by side in their track for the first half mile, Mr. Tait's pair also showing a bold front as they passed the stand, many who were unable to live the pace already dropping astern. No alteration of moment took place as they went along the back stretch of the course, yvith the exception of Mary Ann superseding Little Fish, who, with his stable companion, seemed to dislike the work. As thoy ap- proached the old stand Shenandoah increased nor lead, and Glencoe took the place of Mary Ann, many mistaking Mr. Tait's horso for Gulnare. Passing the abattoirs, the result was evidently between Shenandoah, Glencoe, Strop, Smolensko. and Tim Whifiler, the last named rapidly making his way to tho front as they approached the ¡.craping sheds, from yvhich point Glencoe assumed the lead, Strop soon after passing Shenandoah, and endea- vouring to catch Glencoe, but without avail, as Stanley kept his horse going, and won cle- verly by a short length ; Shenandoah third, Tim Whifiler fourth, and Smolensko fifth none of the others having the slightest chance. Time, 3min. 42sec. HURDLE HACE, Of 5 sovs. each, with 100 sovs. added. About three miles. Mr. B. Norfolk's br g Faugli-a-Ballagli, aged, Oat Mb (Downes).1 Mr. J, N. Perkins na. b g Potatoes, aged, Oat 131b. (Perkins) : .2 Mr. S. Davls'a ch m Lady Claro, aged, list (Mit- chell) .0 Mr. J. Whitehcad's ch g Bronzework, agod, lOst. (Aspinall) ..j.. 0 Mr. J. J. Miller's br h Blue Jacket, 5 yra, lost. iib. (Stono).0 Mr. J. Brown's gr g Yorksblrenian, aged, lOst. 21b. (Dalrymple).0 Mr. Pander ns b g Playboy, aged, lOat. (Callanan) 0 Mr. C. Clarke's b m Kalcd, aged, Oat. 111b. (Thomas) .0 Mr. II. Fisher's b g Standard Bearer, 0 yrs, Oat. 111b. (Cbifnej).0 Mr. J. Armstrong's b g ralston (lato Oncc-a-woek), aged, Oat. 41b. (M'Ktnzie).0 Mr. T. J. Rjan's b h Sir Domlnick, 4 yrs, 8at. 111b. (Tothill).0 Mr. G. Ilarbroo's br g Valentine, aged, lOat. 8lb. (Weat).0 Mr. R, Whitehcad's ch g Charley, agod, lOat. .. dr Betting-5 to 2 agst Potatoes, 7 to 2 agst Lady Clare.'S to 1 agst Yorksliireman, 0 to 1 agst Jack Hall, Standard Bearer, and Blue Jacket, 10 to 1 agst Faugh-a-Ballagh. Potatoes and Kaled cut out tho running, until appioaching the straight the first time round, yvhen both ran off the course, Po- tatoes coming back almost immediately. Playboy led past the stand, followed by Yoi key, Blue Jacket, and Lady Clare, but nearing the Abattoirs, Potatoes, yyho made up his ground in fine style, closed on the leaders, the Sydney horso making his effoit at the same time, and tLey had the finish to themselves, Faugh-a-Ballagh yvinning after a fine struggle upon the patt of Potatoes, by a little more than a length ; Standard Bearer thiid, but not receiving a place from the judge. , DARLING STAKES. A sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each, with 100 so vs. added. For 3 yrs old, 7st. ; 4 yrs, 9st. ¡ 5 yrs, Ost. 81b. ; 0 yrs and aged, 9st. 101b. One mile nnd a 'half. The winner to be sold for £200. Mr II. rishor's bl h Blondin, 6 yrs, by Lord of tho Hllla (Morrison) .1 Mr. J. Kcrr'a b g Sir Solomon, aged (Jones) .. 2 Mr. S. Waldock'a ch g Beadsman, 5 yrs (S. Wal- duck) .. ., .. 0 Mr. E. Jellett's ch g Sportsman, 6 yra (Mitchell) .. 0 Mr. J. N. Perkins na b g Commodore, 0 yrs (Perkins) .0 Mr. L. L. Smith's br c Monsieur Lo Beau, 3 yra .. dr. Betting.-6 to 4 and 2 to 1 on Blondin. The favourite led from the start, closely folloyved by Sir Solomon; the others seemingly outpaced all the yvay. About half a milo from home Sir Solomon tned for tho lead, but Morrison never gaye him a chance, and Blondin won easily by three-quarteis of a length. Time, 2 mm. 40sec. PROGRAMME FOB TO-DAY. The following is tho programme for this day : THE BOYAL TARK STAKES. To start at one o'clock. A sweepstakes of 5 sovs., with 100 sovs. added. For 3 yrs old, Ost. 101b. ; 4 yrs, 9st.i ; 5 yrs, 9st. 91b. ; C yrs and aged, 9st. 121b. Two miles. st. lb. Mr. E De Montre'« b h Tim Whifiler, 0 yrs .. 9 12 Mr. J^iTait'sblhTbeBarb.Byrs .. .. 0 9 Mr. TV. Craig'« b g Nimbleloot, 5 yra .. .. 9 0 Mr. HT. Fisher'a br I Ragpicker, 3jrs ,. t .. OS " ' THE FLYING STAKES. To start at a quarter to tyro o'clock. A sweepstakes of 5 sovs , with 50 sovs. added. For 2 yrs old, 5st 21b. ; 3 yrs, 7st. 91b. ; 4 yrs, 9st. ; 5, 0, and aged, itet. 61b. Three quarters of a mile. , at. lb. Mr. W. Craig's b li Tim Whifflor, 0 j ra .. 9 0 Mr. J. Balmcs'sbli Smolensko,0.yrs.. .. 9 0 Mr. J.'Kcrr'a bg Sir Solomon, aged .. ' .. 9 3 Mr. J. Lamb's b g Booyoolie, 0 yrs .. .. 9 3 Mr. B Waldock'a ch g Beadsman, 5 j ra ,. 9' 8 Mr. E. Leo's ob m Gulnare, 0 yrs .. .. i 0 1 Mr. O. Clarko's b m Kalcd, aged .. .. 0 1 Mr. S Cole's b m Mualdora,ogcd .. .. 9 1 Mr. H. Fisher's br h Llttlo Fisli, 4 yra .. 0 0 i Mr. G. Lewis's bl h Token, 4}ra .. .'. 9 0 Mr. L. L. Smith's be Melancholy Jaques, S yrs 7 0 Mr. J. Cleeland'« br f Flying Scud, 8 yrs .. 7 4 Mr. F. Toier'ablThetis.Sjrs.'7 4 Mr. T. Henry's bro Gallant, 2 vrs .. .. 5 S Mr. E. Loirsch's br c Spayvn, 2 yfa .. ..»52 ' SPRING HANDICAP. i To start at a quarter to three o'clock. A sweepstakes of 5 sovs., with 150 sovs added For a yrs old and upwards. Ono milo' anc a quarter.' \ at. It Mr. J. Talt'a ch o Glencoe, 4 yrs..1 > 0 > O Mr. E. Loo's eli m Gulnare, Byra .. .. 8 10 Mr. W. Craig's b h Tim Wblfller, 0 yra ..87 Mr. W. Craig*« b g Nimbleloot, 5 yra .. 81 C Mr. J. Cleeland'« l> h Barwon, aged .. .. 8 G Mr. J. Bradley nu. bl b Blr Hercules, 0 yrs.. 8 6 Mr. P. J. Keighran's b g Stumpy, aged .. 8 '2 'Mr. J. Kcrr'a ch'o Sheet Anchor, 4 yrs ' .. 8 2 Mr. J. Whitehead'« b m Mary Ann, aged .. 8 0 Mr. P. J. Keighran's b m Sea Gull, 6 yrs .. 8 0 Mr. Ii. L. Smith's b m Lady Manners Sutton, , 6yrs- .. '., ,. 7 10 Mrt E. Jellett's b h B.A.. 4 yrs ' .. ' .. 7 10 Mr. J. Field's b h Boiardo, 4 yrs .. ' .. 7 10 Mr. H. FiBhorVi bl h Blondín, 6yrs .. J. 7 ,10 Mr. T. J. Ryan's bru Regalia, 4yrs .. 7 10 Mr. J. Bairne«'« b g Taiman, aged .. ..7 7 Mr. G. Carmichael1» 1> e Milesian, aged .. 7 S Mr. 8. Waldock'a'blhSwcll,4jr8 .. ..7 1 Mr. H. Gamble's br li Poddy's Land, aged .. 7 0 Mr. H. FUbert br f Ragpicker, 3 yrs .. ' 8 < IS Mr. J. Haime«'« b h Bachelor, 0 yrs .. 6 J Mr. J. Lamb's eli g Cedric, aged .. ..',0,7 Mr. W. Field's bcBlsbopbourne, 3 yra . '.. 0 Í 'Mr. L. Campbell ns.be Phosphorus, 4fra^ ß .{ OOMHTHIAN CUP. -- ! To start at half-post threo o'clock. Apiece of plate, value 60 sovs., with a handi- cap sweepstakes of 7_ sovs., h. ft., and GO sovs. added. One mile and a half and a distance. To be ridden by members or honorary members of the Victoria Racing , Club and Melbourne Hunt Club. 1 Bt. lb. Mr. J. Clceland's g m Shenandoah, aged .. 11 12 Mr. S. Waldock's ch c Chieftain, 4 yrs. .. 11 2 Mr. W. J. Clarko's bl h Palmerston, 4 yra .. 11 2 Mr. H. Fisher's br h Little Fish, 4 yrs .. 11 2 Mr. H. Fisher's bl h Blondín, 6 yra .. .. 10 7 i HANDICAP FOU FOOB-TEAIl-OLDS. ' , ¡ To start at a quarter past four o'clock. A sweepstakes of 10 sovs,, 3 sovs. forfeit, ¡ with 100 sovs. added. For 4 yr olds. Two , miles. 1 st. lb.' Mr. J. Tait'a ch c Cloncoe, 4 yrs .. .. og Mr. B. M'lntosh'a br f Patience, 4 yra .. 8 9 Mr. H. Fiihor-s br h Little Fish, 4 yrs .. 7 12 Mr. P. J. Keighran's b m Sylvia, 4 yrs ,. 7 li Mr. fl. Lewla'8 bl h Token, 4 j ra .. .. 7 1 Mr. S. Waldock's br m fly, 4 yrs ' .. .. 7 0 Mr. Ii, Campbell ns b a Phosphorus, 4 yra. 6 0 ' TLATE OF '¡£50. ' To start at five o'clock. For 2 yrs old, 6st. 91b. ; 3 yrs, 7st. 121b. ; 4 yrs, 9st. : 5, 6, and aged, 9st. 21b. Winner to he sold for 100 sovs. Half a mile. st. lb. Mr. J. Kerr's b g Sir Solomon, aged .. .. 8 13 Mr. E. Leirsth'sbr g Warrior, aged .. .. 8 13 Mr. B. Waldock's ch g Beadsman, fi yrs .. 1 13 Mr. G. Lewis's g g Highflyer, 6 yra .. .. 8 18 Mr. L. L. Smith's b or br g Hindoo, Aged .. 8 18 Mr. M'Mcckan'a b g Woodman, aged . .. 8 13 Mr. P. Murphy's ch m Molly Bawn (lato Lady BosBio), 5 yrs .8 11 Mr. W. Craiu'a g g Statesman, 3 yra .. .. 7 9 Mr. F. Tozer'B b I Tbotis, 3 yrs .. .. .., 7 7 THE V.R.C. HANDICAP. [The following is the handicap made last night for the Victoria Racing Club Handicap -a race which comes off to-morrow : st. lb. 10 7 8 10 8 3 8 0 8 0 7 10 7 10 7 3 7 0 7 0 7 0 7 0 7 0 Lady Manners st. lb. ' Sutton.. Smolensko Paddy's Land Mary Ann Booyoolee Milesian .. Fly Sheet Anchor Commodore Lantern .. Flying Dutchman Phosphorus New Chum 