BURIED ALIVE AND SHOT AS A GHOST. The Cleveland Plunderer tells the following strange incidents as having occurred in southern Ohio : "An old gentleman, named Delos Winans, became frantically angry with his son because he had lost a large sum of his father's money on a bet. His frenzied feelings soon got the better of him, and he felled his son to the floor with a blow of his fist, and immediately thereafter fell down in a senseless condition. Great excitement in the family ensued. The mother ran screaming for assistance, which was soon forthcoming in the persons of several of the neighbors. Mr. Winans was found in an apparently lifeless condition, with blood flowing from his nose and mouth. " A subsequent examination by a physician led to the announcement, by him, that Mr. Winans had died from the bursting of a blood vessel. So evidently had the vital spark fled that no effort at resuscitation was made, and the remains were prepared for burial as promptly as possible. The funeral of the " deceased " took place the following Wednesday. Mr. Willans' body had only been coffined the previous day, up to which. time it had lain draped in a shroud in the parlor. Notwithstanding the wonderful life-look of the skin, and the color of the face, it occurred to no one to suggest a postponement until death was absolutely certain The funeral was largely attended and everybody remarked the life-like appearance of the deceased. The remains were temporally placed in one of the vaults of the cemetery, owing to the fact that a brick tomb commenced for their receptionhadnotbeencompleted. " At ten o'clock on Thursday night the village was thrown into great excitement by the report that a ghost had been seen in the cemetery a short time before, and that the old lady who first saw it was frightened into a fit, from which it was doubtful whether she would recover. Thinking that probably the ghost was personated by some scoundrel, who had played the triple several times before, a number of persons armed themselves with shot guns, proceeded to the cemetery, and commenced a cautious inspection their hearts thumping in their bosoms in spite of their assumed bravado. They had not long to wait, for there, sitting among the tombs, was a white object plainly to be seen. With trembling hands they raised their guns and fired, when-strange fact for a ghost-they saw the white creature fall between a couple of graves. Picking up courage, they cautiously approached the object and turned a lantern upon it. Their feelings can be better imagined than described when they found that the ghost was the lately deceased Mr. Winans. " While a portion of the party picked up the bleeding and senseless body of the old gentleman, and started homeward with it, the remainder hastened to the vault. There they found Mr. Wiuaus' coffin broken open, and lying upon the floor, and the coffin of a deceased lady, that had been placed upon it, likewise thrown down from the shelf, and standing on end, also partly broken open, displaying its ghostly inmate, The vault door, which was rather 4 weak affair, had been forced open by the resurrected man. The party then went to Mr. Winans' house, and here they found that his wounds were not serious and that he had recovered his senses. He had been carried to the cemetery in a trance. Early on Thursday evening conciousness flashed upon his mind that he was coffined alive. This lost additional strength to his struggle to get free, and he finally succeeded in bursting open the coffin 