ADELAIDE. Tuesday, 4 p.m. [Herald.]-The Treasurer and Commissioner of Crown Lands have returned from a visit to the South-East.-The Govornment have re- fused to ostablisb the proposed branch Land Office at Mount Gambier, on tho ground of tho presont depressed state of the finances of the colony.-No despatches have been received from the Colonial Office as to Sir D. Daly's suooessor.-The oargo of tea per Costa Rica was partly sold. Ghosts, £5 15s. to £6 10s. ; halves, £3 to £3 2s. 6d. ; boxes, 22s. 9d. The balanoe of the oargo of sugars ox Jano, Boll, Prospero, and Maiden wore offored to-day j a fow hundred bags were sold at full rates.-The corn market is unaltered.-The sailing of the Alexandra is postponed till Thursday. [Empire.]-Small paroels of new wheat have been purchased at 6s. to 6s. 8d. Tho flour market is quiet. Business gonorally is dull. Wednesday. [Empire.]-The oom markot is dull j there is an ontiro absence of speculation. The returns , to hand of tho yield per aore of whoat, show a serious doolino in many quarters. Prinoipal operators fear, notwithstanding, that prices have reaohod the maximum for tho season, and koop out of the market. Transactions, consoquontly, chiefly looal. [Herald.]-Tho South Australian Govern- ment intend despatching a brimoh mail steamer to the Sound on the 1st Fobruary next, and will send a supplementary mail vid Molbourno, tho object being to meet the inward mail at the Sound as usual. The Govornment are determined to uphold the geographical' position of the colony.-It is re- ported that the P. and 0. Company have offerod to call at Kangaroo Island.-Mr. Connor and Captain Hart aro tho probable can- didates for Port Adelaide, at the next election. -Thoro is very little doing in the corn market. Sales of old who* havo been effeoted at 7s. 4d. Brandy is enquired for, holders ask- ing high prioes. A noir ftihionable watering-pl»ce '. »boot to bo formed .t Boldnor, at the sonth-west oom er of the Isle of Wight. About 100 men will shortly be vet at work miking rolda and laying ont the groundi for the erection of villii. It ii propoitd to form an «iplinaile »ad a pier. 