EPITOME OF NEWS. Tub dBBAT ' Coont' SWI5DLB.— In my last I mentioned that a distinguished foteigner had, a la Miranda, been 'dving' the tuft hun ters of Sydney to n lidy tune. Tbe known liabilities are £5000 ; but 1 happen to know £10,000 is nerfrer tbo mark. Muny were patronised by the gallant count, nnd in return for his attentions, wero obliging enough to 'do bits ofatitT' for him; (hey now conceal tbo facts, fearful of being 1 chilled.* Tho fel low existed hero under the title of Count von Attorn— a distinguished Austrian nobtrman, but since the nrriral of tho mail steamer, it bus been discovered that l-o was only n valet or footman to the real Count. WLilo in Sydney bo was- lionised to the fullest extent, His re puted wealth and boundless generosity made him the 'furoro'; and a month since heavy indeed would be the maledictions levelled at the unfortunate, who would have had the temerity to hint in (he mildest possiblo shnpo —that (ho pseu lo Von Attoin was n swiuJIer. From one tho Count got a yacht ; from another & thousand or two; and, in fact, tho swelldom of (his democratic city of ours have been pretty extensively victimised by this ? chevn licr d'indiulrij.' Oh that Foreign Count swindle! Yo-i would have thought (hut tho experience pained from Miranda's feat would have been sulEiicnt to warn tho 'upper crmt ; but no, rank or anything that a breath has made, in the shape of n tillo, is too much for tbo starred opp?t!t*eof our parvenus. Tho old Vicar cf Wakefield wa« not moro cfTee tually tak-n in nnd swindled by the learned Doctor in spectaelos, than wc.'o the miserable imitators of 'ton' in Sydney by the quondim manipulator ofthe curling (ongs. Tbe clubs May smiling before' him; youth nnd beauty quarrelled for the honour of being his partner in n quadrille, or sitting in the estaebox with him nt tbe opera ; crusty old fogirs, with long purses and splcudM villa*, placed both one and the other at his disposal; carriages, broughams, and drags were at his scr rice. He was the adored ofthe 'jcunesso doree' — tbe loved of the fair dimes— tbe envy of tn*ny, and Ibe Hon of all. But, b)ib, for human h--pcj— (he Count von Attorn has been disci med (o bo nothing moro than a nobleman's barber. It seems only yesterday that I saw him whisking up George-street, the admired of all, no- lding fatnilUrly to one and then tho other. But don't think I'm cynicil— not I Iofaot, I rathe? b.-lieve in tha birbir'a clork — not for his smartness, but because be has taught the Sydney snobs— mile and fomale— a wholesome lesson. He has practically ehown themthst ifdonkrys will herd with tho lions (or supposed lions) they must pay for the honor. Tho 'Count' was recently at Roclhampton, where be was feted on ell sides He is going northward in hisyatch ' Hamlet's Ghost.' What a jolly yern ho will bo able to tell bis familiars— tho butlerr, cooks, ondost Icrsof Vienna— of (ho ' softneie' of the bian inonde of Sydney, who will drive al-cut any thing—even n noblcmWd perrujiucr— and, think itstyle. Vivn swindling Foreign Counts and Illustrious Strangers; nnd moytlier.'R-| of fool* iiPTCT tilt ou1, while there livrs n : pscudo Count with wits enough to Larabooslo ; it.— Corr. Dubbo Disjmtch. j PitMKRVkD Mjut.— Wt* (Queanbeyan Age) . have recently bad the opportunity, through ; the courtesy of the Rev. A. P.Soarcs, of test ing the qu.tHtr of -ho meat prepared for mar- : kvt bv Ike Xev S.u'll Walrs lini'osl.J Meat Preserving Company, wbosa establishment is j nt Bega. The iirltele is preserved in hermo* I tir.illy sealed tins, by u process which h of course (he secret of theconipnuy. That which was submitted to our inspection nnd taste waa n steak, which upon being taken from ths tin, wherein it had been kept for three months, had evi-ry appearance lo the cyo of nowly killed beef, und was perfectly froe from Ulut or stateness. It wa«, on tbe day after wo re« ceivcd it, fried in tbo ordinary method ; nn l, in our opinion, was as nutritious nnd whole* some as moat from (he newly. killed animal, and much more tender. If it possessed any real fiult nt all, and it was no mero imagi nation, thsre was n slight peculiar insipidity about it, but not such as a hungry man would soon dctcct, nnd which a little seasoning would soon remove. This meat wos also tasted by several other gentlemen in tho district, and favourable op'u.ions of it givfln. In our opinion tho article, upon becoming hotter known, will find a ready market, cspccially for shipping and export purposes. Tiib Epiu-opalians of this district are left in a stato of spiritual destitution so far as Church ssrvices aro couccrnud, tho pastors of Guudagai nnd Tutnut having both departed ; tho former for the purposo of obtaining advice for an ocular nlTectton, the latter for reasons best known to himself— ccrtainly not becauso his stipend was not paid, or his scrvicos un appreciated by many of his congregation. Presently, wo presume, there will be service again held in St. John's Church, Gundagal, and All Saints' Church, Tutnut, and if it is deemed desirahlo to keep tbo congregations together, (he sooner that time arrives tbo bet ter.— Gundagni Times. TnUKiwanovr Aoain.— From tho Inverclt corrcjjijuuciii 0t iuo Armutsie jvspress, learn that the notorious Ward, alias Thunder, bolt, his been behaving infamously on tho stations between Armidulo and Inverell. After sticking up a station on the 'Paradise Creek run, takinga horse therefrom, ho paid a visit to Moredun run, sticking up an out station about fire miles from the head station, where he seems to have met with a very cold rocopthn. An hour afterwards we hear of him eight tailes away from the place he first stuck-up, robbing o poor Chinaman of his notes. Oampingoutside the bead station pad dock feuce, he appropriated two of the best station horses to his use, but which wore for tunately afterwards recovered; Tho good people of Moredun, however, w- rouot exactly disposed to put up with the desperado's per formances, for next day they turned out, armed to tho tcelh, aud rode all day in pur suit; but tho bushranger had mado olT to his old haunts at the huadof tho Macintyro. Rc.v wiru tiik Mbluocbhh Hounds.— 'OuoWlio was There' forwards lo tho Argus (ho followiug account of last Saturday week's run with tho Melbourne hounds t— ' Tho rua of Saturday is generally allowed to havo brcu tbo best of tho eciwuiu Tho uiect was at the Traveller's Home, ud tbe Deep Creek Road, and arid deer bed been provided for tho occa sion. A vloudlcss sky and hot sun wero mure suggtstiro t'f crickcl thau huuli ig, but, os tho hour of iiicciing npproachcd, n tolerably nu merous ficlJ turned out. 1 noticed, bowovcr, a rery small sprinkling of pinks, and but oue or two ladies (of course the lady in grey was there) ; mony of thoso nlso who used lo go in the first flight withMrWblsou wcreconspi. cuuus by their nbicti.-e. Tho field, in fact, consisted principally of hortcuion who can go best when top rails aro knocked down, irre proachable in their get.upas to boots aud breeches, but wi!li whom discretion is the better part of voiour, Thestort was froai a large paddock opposite (be hotel, and at tho first cast tho music ofthe pack proclaimed tbo line, and !' Away, forward P was the cry. Tuo first hn.-e was brittle, and of course some boJy broke it down, nnd *' We nil took up tho ruuninpr.as Market Harboro has it ; but tho second Wis not so yielding— a still', very stilf, thrcc-roilcr, not particularly high, but with a grip iu 'front, making tho taking oQ* rather uwkward. This obstaclo floored nearly (lie nbolo field, not moro (ban tcu men surmount it. Here .Mr Smith, on Croppy, gotan awful cropper, and looked Tcry queer for a few minutes. Mr Watson also was down, but was foon up again. At a rat tling pace the pack raced straight for Broaduu-adtwa, crossing the crock cloto to tbo villago, thenboro away to the right, and mado for the hi^bhill on the opporito side, which they skirted: going closo to Corrigan's home stead ; then -vcrtho Kiliooro road, over tho hill, and baik a;a\n iu the direction of the Deep Creek, tho run describing an irregular half-cirelo. About a mile beyond tbe turn pike, where ho two roads divide, tho door was viewed a-idvcry soon run into, not very far from the. siot where the run commenced. For two-thi-ds of the distance the pice was very good, cad tho fencing frequent nnd stifl', not moro tho sovon or eight men being with tho hounds. Those who particularly distin guished thenselves were— the master, oa the Unknown ; Chifiney, tbo whip; Mr Pender, Mr Parbur;, Mr Madden, sen, on Norman; Mr M'PheMn, Mr White, on Msid of (he WannwO} Kr Patterson, of the 14'.h Regiment, on his chesiut; and Mr G. M. Nichols, on Jack up-thi Orchard. From stall to finish tho run wsi about twelvo miles ; and consi dering tbe hot sun, so unfavourable to sport, 8am Waldo.* and his psclc acquitted them selves to tl;s entire satisfaction ofthe select few who enjiyed tho 'best thing of (ho season' as yet, and I hare no doubt the rest of tbo field who eoatrived to see the finish went homo qoite sathCed also.' Mau- 1'locb. — We (Braidwood Dispatch) have had sint to us from Moruya, a sample of9i}ur,mnufaetared from the white maice which htt been recently introduced from America, a*d whi:hwillin a short timo be most extern vely cultivated on the coast land*. The flour olwhu-h wo hid a sample is manu factured by VIr. Ellison, tbe miller, of Muruta. In oppearare it ditfers in no way from the finest wbostn flour, and we believe it makes averygood .oaf, perhips not so palatablo at first to (host who have been accuitomed only to wheaten '.read, but cvcntutlly the taste be comes adapt d to it and it b.'comos every bit ns palatable lathe wheaten loaf, and qui'oas wholesome, ;f not more so Tho cultintton of this whit tnutze, of which there arc too kinds, the hsqu.'lianua und somo nthcr,' nni its general jiifumption, will ronder the resi dents of thi .'oast district entirely independent of llic grow i of wheat, for which the climato lateyearsllis not proved itself rery well adapted. 1 Already th- maiulastoro of thi* nniz- into lie most prepurd form of tl -ur has been very s.ceessful lit Merim'ili, wh--re it is superscdin; tho imported corn flour from America. .Tr. George Wader, of Nelllgan, wi observe ht- put up an Amoriiun horso power mill far tin {rinding of tho maize grown by tho farmers oMiat neighbourhood, and sinco tho mill has b in nt work ho had n large quantity of corn tojriud from tbo surrounding set tlers, Timet :1'cn SurFOCiTKn.— A lamentable ratastropl/, involving the djath of thrco i you'ig mez from tin incautious use of a char- j coal fire, c:urred on Thursday wesk 'at Y*r- 1 i »g. The :nen referred to wero John, Wil liam, nnd Uichacl Uptou, brothers, aged from twenty tourenty-flve years of ago, and sons ofCh ifl-i Upton, a farmer, of Yering. On Thurs lay t rening they wero nil wjM and in good spirits. They retired to bod at tho usual hour, all sloping iu ono room. At' o'clock on (he following morning, (heir mother, re 'marling that none oflhem had yet risen, went to their room, opened (he door, and calloi them. Siio roeoivod no answor. On i looking In she saw tint they wero all in theit ! bods. 11nding that her calling fnited to I arouse (bun, she went to each successively, I and frit their faces which were cold. They wero all iVid, Tho poor woman immediately called tb-ir father, who rame to the room, ond found a rtn of charcoal in the room, which lud appwently been kindled overnight, but had gontout, and was uow as cold as the un fortuuat* sleepers who owed (heir death to it. It seined that (he young men hid com plained^ the coldness of tho room, nnd not knowing tho poisonous effects occaslonod by burning dinrcoal in n close apartment, had adopted this plan of warming tho chamber. The fathr was acquainted with (ho properties of chanci) fires, but knew nothing of the in tention?? his sous. An inquest wa* held on (lie bod.'i by Mr Candler, when Dr Barker, wbohvimade tbe post mortem examinations, foundjfiit death hsd bron occasioned by aiphjxiifram inhaling carbonic acid gas, and obsoryVi that death was inevitable whero a person ,lopt in a confined room in which cbarcusilwas burning. The jury in their ver dict expressed their belief that tbe dccesscd I men wero unaware of thv £»tal ttiVcts of burn ing charcoal in a confined bodrootu.— Austra- lasian. Japan.— ^ We (eke tbo following, with refer ence to Japan usa field for employment, from tho Argus s— Some tine ago Japan attracted considerable attention heroes acounlry where sctltemont might perhaps be profitably mado from this colony, and a number of people went thither, somo of whom havo already returned disappointed with tbe prospect Japan presents. In reply (oaletter on the subject, wo have received a commumcahVn from a gentlrman w«H known in Melbourne, and now resident in Yokohama, dated the lltli of June, in which he says:—' There is so limited a field for European settlement in .lopan that it would be bolh wise ond kind advico were you to recommcnd Ibe restless classcs to remain where they arc. This is a beautiful country for (ho tourist who has an eye for picturesque* scenery, aud who has leisure and money to expend ; but not for {he colouists (o settlo in* A few merchants can and 'do find profitable employment for their capital in selling European and American goods, and in pur chasing tho staples of the couutry, silk and tea; but bjyond.tho treaty ports, old and new, Oriental ignorance, Jealousy, suspicion, and hostility, seal up tbo land against foreign enterprise, skill, ecicnce, capital, and co-opera, tion. There is a fus.«y aud childish curiosity on the part of tho Japanese which has quito misled tbo superficial writers on the country who havo indulged in anticipations of tli? future progress of the Jupantse in civilisation, which, in my opinion, are destined never to be realised. In fact, immobility is tho cha racteristic of all Eastern races; and the Ja panese, though they ero inquiring, and com plimentary, and pleasing in their manners, exhibit no real disposition to iinprore or to profit by the foreigner's superior skill, save in the matter of firearms and war steamers. These they purchase to place themselves iu a better position tocopo with the foreigner in tho event of war. Somo disappointment has already been experienced by young men from Australia seeking employment here, and to prevent further chagrin a lines from your pen may bo ofservico.' NBOBBrrt SitEEp.— It will be remambored (hat somo time ago Mr Route, of Guta* wang, purcliaiod an imported ram, bred by Staiger, of Germany. The animal was exhi bited ot tho Agricultural Society's meeting of 1866, nnd wns then, to all intents and pur. poses, a denss clothing sheep of by no means prepossessing appearance. Mr Rouse got rid of him, and he fell into the hands of Mr S. Blackmtn, who took him to Cooyal The character of tho wool hat rtow altered com pletely, and tbe uaseomly wrinkles peculiar (0 tba breed hare vanished. The ram is now sfiae comber, and Ihoso judges who hare ex amined bim pronounce bim to bo ti first-class animal. Tbe change can in no way be ac counted for save that acclimatisation has brought out tho merits that tbe animal nevor opparently possessed beforo, — Western Post. PitOTOdRATna or thi Eclipsb.— Daring tbe progress of the cclipte on Tuesday last Mr Glaistcr, of Pitt slrcot, succ:cdcd in tak ing four photographs of the phenomenon, which give avivilidea of tbo occurrence. Tboy are professional. Tho first Is taken at twenty-two minutes past 4 p.m., whon thj moon bad just indented tbe lower limb of tbesuo, tbe second represents tbe eclipse at seventeen minutes to D, with tbo obscuration gradually rising to the right ; the third was taken at three minuts to 5, nnd fourth at three minutes past 6. The photographs are excel- lent records of the creat, and copies of them are ready for disposal.— Sydney Morning Herald. At the insolvent coart. Melbourne, a sehe* 3ulc was filed tho other day ofauoh n dispro portionate nature as t » be quite omasing . One is tolerably well used in Australia — or, in fuel ftny-«hcre now.n dar, says tho jiufnal— to Sfhedu'ciin wbic'i;the anets fi^uro.as nil, mid the deficiency as nn oi l hundred or so ; but when one comes aerou an estate in whu*h the a«s?ts rmount to £3 and tho defloiency to £20D.053 5', 51 1., ono cm only admire in silence, or rise suggest, in tho words of Afr Mantalini, tint considering tbe apparent dissrepincy of tin nQTair, tbo 'halfpenny limy as well 'bo tleui'iod* as put in the schedule Shearing will commence on tbo Lower Mur rumbidgeo next week, and numbers of shearers have lately pa«-n 1 though thd nrinus udjiccnt townships towards the sceno of A new journal is to be started ut Wajca Waacaalmost immsdhtely. We believed its title is to be ' Tho Wue/»a.\Yuggi Mail.' 