THE THEATRE ROYAL. 'Mr J. C. Lambert mado his farewell appear ance at the Theatre Royal last evening, to a houso which was crowded in every part except the dross circle, which was very well filled. The programme submitted consisted of selec tions from ' The Rivals,' ' Money,'-and ' The School for Scandal.' In theBo, Mr Lambert sustained his old ? characters, and at the end of each he was greeted with tho warmest ap plause of the audience. At tho end of the farce of ' A Model Husband,' Mr Lambert de b'verod the following address, during which he was frequently cheered : — ; . ? 'Ladies and Gentlemen,— r am abont to quit this world of mino for ever, to cross the footlights and come and live in jour world. It is very much the custom on occasions when people are going out of the world, to make a full confession of all their sing, and I will now acknowledge tho excellence of the cus tom by adopting it, so that you shall not say I gavo up the ghost without recounting the many sins of- which' I have' been guilty, both since I came among you and for many years before that time. These, as yon may suppose, ore very numerous, for they have been going on without intermission those two and forty years. I will begin with the worst of them, , and admit that I have com mitted murder 1 In the early portion of my career especially, I aclmowledge to having murdered several .parts with which I was en trusted, bat of late years I hope I have been less guilty in this respect, and the shades of Shakspeare, Ben Jonson, Congrove, Otway, Massinger, Rowe and Sheridan, have been ap. poased, t trust, by my having imparted a littlo life to some of their creations. But of murder of another kind I havo not committed more than one, and as I was Biimmarily exe cuted for it to the great satisfaction of tho audionce, I may bo said to havo expiated that crime. I havo committed bigamy so frequently that I cannot recount the instances. I havo mar- ' ried more wives thanBrigham Young, so that it is not surprising if I should havo numbered mj sons and daughters by scores if not.hnndrcds. Some of them, I grieve to say, I have treated with great cruelty ; taming them out of doors to beg or starve, cutting them off with shillings, forcing them into mercenary matches, and otherwise provoking them to desperate mea sures. In connection with these wickud pro ceedings, I have used the most violent language to my offspring ; but many times, when in tho very onslaught of my furioas denunciation, I have relented, and have oiily uttered lmif n. nnrsp. At thiK uinmenf;. if T hn.fl not great Btrength of mind, I should bo over whelmed with remorse at tho consequences of my severity. I have to deplore the necessity of .frequon'tly numbering among my acquain tance, aud even of my friends, some very in corrigible sco-andrels ; hut I beg you will place in juxtaposition with this fact the cir camstanco of my having also been on inti mate terms with many kind-hearted and bene volent persons of evei-y degree in society. In deed, I may here remark, that in respoct of social position, my friends and acquaintance have been of tke highest and the lowest rank, with every intermediate grade ; and that their dispositions have varied as infinitely as their social position. My own pre dilections have been in like manner fluctu ating. At one time I hava been so miserly that I havo denied myself the most absolute necessaries; at others, I have felt myself prompted by generous impulses so strong, that I have had no hesitation in giving away large sums of money, vast estates, price loss jewels, and even crowns and kingdoms ! I confess, however, that now and then these gifts havo been bestowed with but an indiscriminat ing hand, and that undeserving men havo pro fited by my promiscuous liberality. I have also not. seldom rewarded small services dispropor tionately, and on these occasions I havo alwo.^s mado a point of giving the purse a*, well as the money. Believe me, I am cohsciour of a proper degree of remorse for my many sins, and that I humbly hope my good qualities may balance some.' of my f units. Bnt I am incor rigible, enough riot to bo sorry for one igrrnj* fault with' which I am charged, namely, tho LavaT£ ^f' ^e StftgG eighteen months 'ago when I was too ill to remain on It, and in having adde'd'to the atrocity by return ing when 1 had recovered. I have, Jiowever, come to-night to make the only atonement in my power for this serious offence, namely, to quit thestage for ever. Lilcettll other members of my profession, I havo lived a double kind of life, and it is only in one of them that tho great crimes I -have just enumerated smd acknow ledged . have been committed. My serious vices I trust have been all on this side the foot lights. Bat in the world wherein fox the future I am going to dwell, I trust you will credit mo with having done my duty as a good citizen, and that when in a few days I stop on board tho vessel which will bear mo from this bright and beautifal country, I shall carry with me your good wishes and your kindly esteem. Permit mo a parting word about my brother managers,with whom for tho last twelvemonths I have been so intimately associated. I never thought to havo drifted again into manage ment, bat there were such pressing reasons why this fine theatre should not bo allowed to lose its prestige, and why it should not fall into incompetent hands, that I consentedto become ono of tho co-partnership under which its affairs havo lately been administered. I appeal to you to say whether we have managed the Theatre Royal satisfactorily, and whether wo have not fulfilled the promises wo made in the beginning of onr. career. We have not obtained a wonderful pecuniary success, but I think we have givon our patrons fair value for their meney, and I am happy to think, at this moment.that the reputation and popularityof the theatre are as good as they have at any time been since it was opened, now nearly thirteen years ogo. Let mo ask you to continue to tho managerial firm as it now exists at least an equal measure of your support. ' Its members aro all known to you, and are, I am Bure, greatly respectod. I leave them with tho most amic able feelings, and with the sinccrest hopes that they will long retain their present position. I can assure you that in whatever manner I can forward their intorests in England, in the way of business negotiations, I shall bo too happy to de so. And now, ladies and gentlemen, the old comedian who CRmo among you in the vicrnr of his mnnhond. nuits vou in the strength and freshness of his commencing old age. He is not too old to work, and he thinks you will admit that he has not yet lost tho trick of pleasing you ; after so many years of laborious industry ho wishes to rest and recruit himself, while yot he is capable of enjoying rest and recreation. I cannot tell you all the thanks with which iny heart is so full. I have made many friends and experienced numberless kindnesses in Mel bourne, and I would gladly acknowledge all tliPfio separately if time permitted. To those gentlemen who have, from timo to time, chronicled my performances, and given mo tho benefit of their critical opinions, I am under many obligations. To my brethren and sisters with whom I have so labored, -i offer my best and kindest thanks for their co operation, and I wish them continued success in the practice of ibo art I have loved so much, and which I believe to bo at once the grandest and most difficult of all the arts. And now, to each and everyone, farewell ! Iu all the future timo that yot remains te me, I shall never forget Victoria, and when thinking over tho past of a long, and I trust, honorable career, I shall often be softened into tender ness as I think of this stage from which I now address you for Hie lnat time. Again, to each andevery one farewell ! For mo ' The rost ib silence.' To-morrow night Miss Marion Dunn and Mr John Dunn trill niako tlioir re-appeoronco in the burlesque on ' Tho Lady of Lyens.' 