BURIED ALIVE. STRANGE EXHIBITION IN NEWARK—A BURIED GERMANBE8UBBE0TS HIMSELF. A GEBUAN gentleman, advanced In years, named Fran^eater, at present a 'resident In Newark, recently obtained a patent for a safety.ooffin, deiigns'i) so as to provide a way of escape to those who may be burled during suspended animation. aB lt is 'supposed this may sometimeshappen, par- ' tlcularlyduring the prevalence of epidemics. This invention consists of a coffin constructed similar to those now ln~ user except'that'it is a little higher, to allow of the - free movement of the body; the top <B moveable from* head to breast, and In case of intermeri t^is left open, with "a . spring attached for closing the same; under tbe head Is a receptacle for refreshments and restoraatives. The most important part of the Invention is a box about two feet square, resembling very much a chimney, with a cover and ornamental grave work on the top. This box is of sufficient length to extend from the head of the coffin to about a foot above ground. The cover Is fastened down by a catch on the Inside, and cannot be un. fastened from the outside. Just below the cover is a bell similar to those used on street railway cars, with a cord appended, which, upon being pulled, sounds an alarm, and at the. same time a spring throws the cover from the "chimney-box." Then, if the person on the inside have sufficient strength, he or she can take hold of a rope SUHpended from near the top of the chimney-box, and with tbe assistance of cleets nailed to the sides, ascend to the outer world; or otherwise the individual can rest at ease, munch his lunch, drink his wine, and ring the bell for the sexton to come and assist him out. A few days ago Mr. Yester gave an exhibition of the working of this invention by being buried, and after more than an hour's interment resurrecting himself. The exhibition took place at Baire'a Brewery Garden, on Springfield avenue, Newark, and although fifty cents admission was charged, some 600 peopie were assembled to witness the novel exhibition. About 3 p.m. the gravediggers, having excavated a hole six feet deep, a black coffin with trimmings was placed upon two supports over it. A circle was made with a rope, around which assembled an excited crowd of men, women, and childreu, while every tree-top and elevated position was occupied by spectators. When everything was prepared Mr. Frank Yester came forward and took his position in the coffin, the lid of which was placed over him, at which time he was greeted with many an aDxious and jocular ' good-bye.' The coffin was lowered to the bottom of tha grave. Meanwhile the band played a dirge, and the crowd made comments and drank beer, which was handed around by the several waiters. The ' chimney-box' was then set down over the coffiu, over which some wreaths of flowers had been strewn. The gravediggers set to work with a will, and in fifteen minutes Mr. Yester was effectually buried, with at least four feet of earth between him and daylight. The burial was to have taken place at 2 p.m., but did not come off until ao hour later. After the lapse of an hour and a quarter a gentleman stated that Mr. Yester was to remain down below for two hours; but that some of the spectators were anxiouB to return home, and consequently, if agreeable, Mr. Yester would appear at once, or remain the specified time. All present being satisfied, a signal was given, and a minute after, Mr. Yester, unaided, stepped out of his living grave, with uo more perceptible exhaustion than would have been caused by walking two or three blocks nuder the hot sun. His exit was received with great enthusiasm and applause, and hundreds rushed to embrace and congratulate Mr. Yester upon the success of this most novel invention. It is stated that Mr. YeBter will give a similar exhibition in New York in a few days. THE WEDDING-SING IN ENGLAND.—An old English ritual required the ring to be placed successively on the thumb, the forefinger, and the middle finger to symbolise the doctrine of the trinity. This was to be done as the words, " In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost" were pronounced, and with the word " Amen," the ring was to be placed on the fourth finger, where it was to remain. The old writers on this subject delight in finding mystical reasons for every part of the marriage ceremony, and not content with repeating the ancient superstition respecting the left hand, they declare, in addition, that this hand was chosen as inferior to the right, in token of the servitude and subjection into which the bride is brought by matrimony. Dr. Johnson appears to have held a similar opinion, since he somewhere defines a ring as " a circular instrument, placed upon the noses of hogs, and the fingers of wo- < men, to restrain them and bring them into sub- ^ jection." Wedding rings were not always worn plain, as now, but at one time more nearly resembled modern betrothal tokens in being chaBed, set with stones and inscribed with emblems and mottoes The ring is used in all ceremonieB of Christian marriage, except in the Society of Friends; but even Quaker ladies wear a wedding ring after, although it is not employed during the marriage ceremony. I am informed that the wedding ring does not obtain ijjmongst the Mormons; probably from economical reasons. It has been remarked already that there is no trace of this custom in the Tal* mud, nor in ancient Jewish history ; but the modern Jews have not only adopted the wedding ring, but make it a most important feature in their marriage service. Aocording to the ordinances of modern Jndaism it is required to be of a certain value. In the English church, a ring is absolutely neoessary to the ceremony, but, as no metal is specified, silver, copper, or iron is us allowable as gold. In Ireland it. is not uncommon, I am told, for the same ring to to be used for many marriage oeremonies, which ring remains in the custody of the priest.— «' The Wedding ring: It* Biitory, Literatim and Superttitioni Beepecting it." A NEGBO GOVERNOR.—Lieut-Governor Donn, the Negro President of the Louisiana Senate, was regularly inducted into office by the Louisiana Legislature lately. He made a speech in which he disclaimed any desire for social equality on the part of his race, and hinted rather strongly that the negroes generally considered themselves above association with the ' white trash.' 