REVIEW. Deccan Dqys ; or;, Hindoo Fairy Legends. : By M. Frere., . v - A FEW ancient Legehdls told by an old Hindoo woman to her grandchildren are here given to the public. The most prominent superhuman personage therein is the " Baksbas," a de-. moDi'acal ogre of enormous size and possessing terrible teeth. Like the Ghouls, his greatest pleasure is feasting on the dead. At present the " Raksbas" 1B giving way to the " Bhoot," more nearly allied to our modern European ghost, but yet possessing an enormous'Ynfluence over the native imagination. In tho hilly and desert districts of Scind the belief in supernatural brings is generally prevalent, but there the " Rakshas" is transformed to the " Gin" of the "Arabian Nights." The Gin of the mountainous parts of Beloochistan is a dwarfish human being, with large eyes and covered with long hair, and is apt to breathe with a heavy, snoring kind of noise." The cobra or deadly hooded snake aho frequently occurs as a supernatural being; oue of the indications'left us of the serpent worship once so prevalent in Western India. This worship still exists to some extent among the lower classes, and the cobra is supposed to possess supernatural powers. The native does not willingly kill him, but endeavors by kind treatment to propitiate him, and obtain good fortune for the house to which he belongs. mugn. Beautiful princes and princesses continually occur, and perform wonderful exploiis ; the stepmother is always wicked, the youngest daughter good and beautiful, aud the elder ones are depraved and repulsive. The jackal takes the place of his European cousin the fox, and by his ingenuity and tact generally conquers every difficulty, and proves a bright moral example of the success of wit agaiust brute force—the triumph of mind over matter. The following are extracts :— THE RAJAH, THE WUZEEB, AND THE SHEP- HEND. A young Rajah once said to his Wuzeer. ' How is it tbat I am so often ill ? I take great care of myself - I never go out in the rain; I wear warm clothes ; I eat good food. Tet I am always catching cold, or getting fever, in spite of all precautions.'—" Overmuch care is worse than none at all,' answered the Wuzeer, which I will soon prove to you.' So he invited the Rajah to accompany him for a walk in the fields. Before tb6y bad gone very far they met a poor shepherd. The Shepherd was accustomed to be out all day long, tending his flock; he had only a coarse cloak on,' which served but insufficiently to protect him from the rain and the cold—from the dews by night, and the sun by day ; his food was parched corn, his drink water; and he lived out iu the fields in a small hut made of plaited palm branches. The Wuzeer said to the Bajdh, 'You know perfectly well what hard lives these poor shepherds lead. Accost this one, and ask him if he often suffers from the exposure which he is obliged to undergo. 1 Tho Bajali did as the Wuzeer told him, and asked the Shepherd whether he did not often suffer from rheumatism, cold, and fever. The Shepherd answered, ' Perhaps it will surprise you, Sire, to bear that I never suffer from either the one or the other. From childhood I have been accustomed toendure the extremes of heat and cold, and I suppose that is why they never affect me.' At this the Rojuli, was very much astouislied, and he said to the Wuzeer, 'I own I am surprised ; but doubtless this Siiepherd is an extraordinarily strong man, whom nothing would ever affect.'—'We shall see,' said the Wuzeer; and he invited the Shepherd to the Palace. There, for a long •time, the Shepherd was taken great care of; he was never permitted to go out in the sun or rain, ho had good food and good clothes, and he was not allowed to sit iu a draught or get his feet wet. At the end of some mouths the Wuzeer sent for him into a marble court- yard, the floor of which he caused to be sprinkled with water. The Shepherd had been for seme time so little used to exposure of any kind, that wetting his feet caused him to take cold; tho place felt chilly and'damp after the Palace; he rapidly became worse, and in a short time, in spite of all the doctors' care, he died. ' Where is our friend the Shepherd ? a^ked the Bajah, a few days afterwards; ' he surely could not have caught cold merely by treading on the marble floor you had caused to be sprinkled with water?' —Alas !' answered the Wuzner, ' the result was more disabtrous than I had anticipated ; the poor Shepherd caught cold, and is dead. Having been lately accustomed to overmuch care, the sudden change of temperature killed him. You sse now to what dangers we aro exposed from which the poor are exempt. It is thus that Nature equalises ber best gifts; wealth and opulence tend too frequently to destroy health and shorten life, though they may give much enjoyment to it while it lasts." HOW THE SUN, THE MOON, AND THE WRND WENT OUT TO DINNEE. " One day the Sun, the Moon, and the Wind went out to dine with their uncle and aunt, the Thunder and Lightning. Their mother (one of the most distant stars you see far up iu tho sky) waited alone for her children's return. Now both the Sun and tho Wind were greedy and selfish. They enjoyed the great feast that had been prepared for them, without a thought of saving any of it to take home to their mother—but the gentle Moon did not forget her. Of every dainty dish that was brought round, she placed a small portion under one of her beautiful long finger-nails, tbat the Star might also have a share in the treat. On their return, their mother, who had kept watch for them all night long with her little bright eye, said, 'Well, children, what have you brought homo for me?' Then the Sun (who was the eldest) said, 1 1 have brought nothing homo for you- I went out to enjoy myself with my friends—not to fetch a dinner for my mother I' And the Wind said, • Neither have I brought anything home for you, mother. You could hardly expect me to bring a collection of good things for you when I merely went out for my own pleasure.' But the Moon said, ' Mother, fctch a plate, see what I have brought you." And shaking her hands she showered down such a choice dinner as never was seen before. Then the Star turned to the Sun and spoke thus, ' Because you went out to amuse yoursolf with your friends, and feasted and enjoyed yourself, without any thought of your mother at home—you shall be cursed. Henceforth your rays shall be ever hot and scorchiner, and shall burn all that they touch. And men shall hate you, and cover their heads when you appear.' (And tbat is why the Sun is so hot to this day) Bhe turned to the Wind and said,' You also forgot your motlifer in the midst of your Belfish pleasures—hear your doom. You shall alway s blow in the hot dry weather, and shall parch and shrivel all living things, ^hd men shall devest and avoid you from this very time. {And that: is why the Wind in the hot weather-is still so disagreeable ) But to the Moon she said, 'Daughter, because you remembered yourmother.and kept forherashare in your own enjoyment, from henceforth you shall be ever conl, and calm, and bright. No noxious glare shall accompany your pure rays, and men shall always call you " blessed/ (And that is why the Moon's light is so soft, and cool, and beautiful even to this day.)" " 