THE GHOST'S SUMMONS. BY ADA BUISSON. "WANTED, sir, a patient." It was in the early days of my professional career, when patients were scarce and fees scarcer; and though I was in the act of sitting down to my chop, and had promised myself a glass of steaming punch afterwards, in honor of the Christmas season, I hurried iustantly into my Burgery. I entered briskly ; but no sooner did I catch sight of the figure standing leaning ogainst the counter than I started back with a strange feel ing of horror which for the life of me I could not comprehend. Never shall I forget the ghastliness of that face—the white terror stamped upon every feature—the agony which seemed to sink the very eyes beneath the contracted brows ; it was awful to me to behold, accustomed as I was to scenes of terror. " You seek advice," I began, with some hesi tation. "No; I am not ill." " You require then" "Hush!" he interupted, approaching more nearly, and dropping his already low murmur to a mere whisper. "I believo you are not rich. Would you be wDDtag to earn a thousand pounds?" A thousand pounds! His words seemed to burn my very ears. "I should be thankful, if I could do so honestly," I repUed with dignity. " What is the service required of me ?" A peculiar look of intense horror passod over the white face before me; but the blue-black lips answered firmly, "To attend a death-bed." " A thousand pounds to attend a death-bed I Where am I to go, then ?—whose is it s" " Mine." The voice in which this was said sounded so hollow and distant, that involuntarily I shrank back. "Yours! What nonsense! You arc not a dying man. You are pale, but you ap pear perfectly healthy. You " "Hush!" he interrupted; " I know all this. You cannot be more convinced of my physical health than I am myself; yet I know that be fore the clock tolls the first hour after midnight I shaD be a dead mau." ° "But " He shuddered slightly ; but stretching out I his hand coinmandingly, motioned me to bj j silent.^ " I am but too well informed of what I affirm," he said quietly ; «• I have received a mysterious summons from tho d0.i.1. No mor- | tal aid cau avail me. lam as doomed as the wretch on whom the judge has passeil sentence. I do not come eithsr to seek your advice or to argue the matter with you, but simply to buy I your services. I offer you a thousand pounds! to puss the night iv my chamber, and witness the scene which takes place. The sum may ap • pear to you extravagant. But I hare no further need to count the cost of any gratifica- ; tion ; and ths spectacle you will have to witness j is no common sight of horror." i The words, strange as they were, were spoken calmly enough; but as the last sentence I dropped slowly from the livid Dps, an expres- j Bkm of such wild horror again past over the stranger's face, that, in' spite of the immense j fee, I hesitated to answer. ! " You fear to trust to the promise of a dead | man!" See here, and be convinced," he ex- : claimed eagerly ; and the next instant, on the j counter between us lay a parchment document; | and foDowing the indication of that white mus- j cular hand, I read the words, "And to Mi*. I Frederick Read, of 14 High-street, Alton, I be- ! queath the sum of one thousand pounds for cer- I tain service rendered to me." " I have had that wiD drawn up within the j last twenty-four hours, and I signed it an hour ! ago, in the presence of competent witnesses. I j am prepared, you see. Now, do you accept my offer, or not r" i My answer was to walk across tho room and ' fake down my hat, and then lock the door of the surgery communicating with the house. It was a dark, icy cold night, and somehow the courage and determination which the sight of my own name in connection with a thousand pounds had given me, flagged considerably as I found myself hurried along through the sDent darkness by a man whose death-bei I was about '■ to attend. ! He was grimly silent ; but as his hand touched j mine, in spite of the frost, it felt like a burning I coal. | On we went —tramp, tramp, through the snow—on, on, till even I grew weary, and at ■ length on my appalled ear struck the chimes of ! a church-clock ; whilst close at hand I dis tinguished the snowy hillocks of a church-yard. Heavens! was this awful scene of which I was to be the witness to take place veritably amongst the dead ? " Eleven," groaned the doomed man. " Gra cious God! but two hours more and that ghostly j messenger wUI bring the summons. Come, come, i for mercy's sake let U3 hasten." I There was but a short road separating U3 now ' from a wall which surrounded a large mansion, and along this we hastened till we reached a I small door. Passing through this, in a few minutes we were stealthily ascending the private staircase to a splendidly-furnished apartment, which left no doubt of the wealth of its owner. AD wa3 intensely silent, however, through the house; and about this room in particular | thre wa3 a stillness that, as I gazed round, struck ; me as almost ghastly. j My companion glanced at the clock on the mantle-shelf, and sank into a large chair by the j side of the fire with a shudder. " Only an hour I and a half longer," he muttered. " Great j I heaven! I thought I had more fortitude. This i horror unmans me." Then, in a fiercer tone, and clutching my arm, he added, "Ha! you ■ i mock me, you think me mad; but wait till you j I sec—wait till you see!" j I put my hand on his wrist; for there was j now a fever in his sunken eyes which checked the superstitious dull which had been gathering over me, and made me hope that, after aD my first suspicion was correct, and that my patient was but the victim of some fearful hallucina tion. " Mock you" I answered Boothingly. " Far from it; I sympathise intensely with you, and would do much to aid you. You require sleep. Lie down, and leave me to watch." He groaned but rose, and began throwing off his clothes ; and, watching my opportunity, I slipped a sleeping-powder, which I had managed to put in my pocket before leaving the surgery, into the tumbler of claret that stood before him. i The more I saw, the more I felt convinced that it was the nervous system of my patient which required my attention ; and it was with sincere satisfaction I saw him drink the wine, and then stretch himself on the luxurious bed. " Ha," thought I, as the clock Btruck twelve, ' and instead of a groan, the deep breathing of j the sleeper sounded through the room; " you I won't receive any summons to-night, and I may '. make myself comfortable." j Noiselessly, therefore, I replenished the fire, ' poured myself out a large glaBS of wine, and drawing the curtain so tbat the firelight should I not disturb the sleeper, I put myself in a posi- | tion to foDow his example. j How long I slept I know notj but suddenly I I aroused with a start and as ghostly a thrill of ! horror as ever I remember to have felt in my life. Somelh'nig— what, I knew not—seemed neai*, something nameless, but unutterably awful. I gazed round. I The fire emitted a faint blue glow, just sufli- ' cient to enable mc to see that the room was ' exactly the same as when I fell asleep, but that J the long hand of the clock wanted but five j minutes of the mysterious hour which was to be j the death-moment of the " summoned" man ! ! Was there anything in it, then ?—any truth in the strange story he had told ? The silence was intense. I could not even hear a breath from the bed; ! and I was about to rise and approach, when ! again that awful horror seized me, and at the same moment my eye fell upou the mirror op- I poßite the door, aud I saw— j Great heaven! that awful shape—that ghastly mockery of what had been humanity—was it l really a messenger from the buried, quiet dead? I It stood therein visible death-clothes; but I tho awful face was ghastly with corruption, and the sunken eyes gleamed forth a green glassy , glare which seemed a veritable blast from the i infernal fires below. j 1 To movo or utter a sound in that hideous j ! presence was impossible; and like a statue I > sat and saw that horrid Shape move slowly to- ' wards the bed. I What was the awful scene enacted there, I know not. I heard nothing, except a low stifled agonised groan ; and I saw the shadow of that ghastly messenger bending over the j bed. * I Whether it was some dreadful but wordless I sentence its breathless lips conveyed as it stood '■ there, I know not; but for an instant the ! shadow of a claw-like hand, from which the | third finger was missing, oppeared extended j over the doomed man's head; and then, as tho i clock struck one clear silvery stroke, it fell, and a wild shriek rang through the room—a death shriek. ] lam not given to fainting, but I certainly j confess that the next ten minutes of my exist- l ence was a cold blank; and even when I did | manage to stagger to my feet, I gazed round, ! vainly endeavoring to understand the chUly i horror which still possessed me. Thank God! the room was rid of that awful presence—l saw that; so, gulping down some i wine, I lighted a wax-taper and staggered to- ' wards the bed. Ah, how I prayed that, after i aD, I might have been dreaming, and that my j own excited imagination had but conjured up i some hideous memory of the dissecting-room! . But one glance was sufficient to answer that, j No! The summons had indeed been given and auswered. j I flashed the light over the dead face, swollen, ; convulsed still with the death-agony; but ] suddenly I shrank back. j Even as I gazed, the expression of the face j seemed to change: the blackness faded into a • deathly whiteness ; the convulsed features re- I laxed, and, even as if the victim of that dread apparition still Uved, a sad solemn smile stole ! over the pale Dps. : I was intensely horrified, but still retained ' sufficient self-consciousness to be struck profes sionally by Buch a phenomenon. j Surely there was something more than super- I natural agency in all this ? | Again I scrutinised the dead face, and even ' the throat aud chest; but, with the exception ! of a tiny pimple on one temple beneath a cluster ' of hair, not a mark appeared. To look at the j corpse, one would have believed that, this man had indeed died by the visitaiion of God, peace- I fuDy, whilst sleepiug. j How long I stood there I know not, but time j enough to gather my scattered senses and to reflect that, all things considered, my own posi tion would be very unpleasant if I was found thus unexpectedly iv the room of the mjs- ! teriously dead man. ; I So, as noiselessly as I could, I made my way ' out of the house. No one met me on the private staircase ; the little door opening into the road was easily unfastened; and thankful ' indeed was I to fee) again the fresh wintry air ■ as I hurried along that road by the churchyard. \ * * w s * * c ; There was a magnificent funeral soon in that ; church; and it was said that the young widow j of the buried man was inconsolable; and then ' rumors got abroad of a horrible apparition ! which bad been seen on the night of the death; I and it was whispered the young widow was terrified, and insisted upon leaving her splendid mansion. I was too mystified with the whole affair to riak my reputation by saying what I knew, and I should have allowed my share in it to remain for ever buried in oblivion, had I not suddenly heard that the widow, objecting to many of the legacies in the last will of her husband, in tended to dispute it on the score of insanity, and then there gradually arose the rumor of hi 3 belief in having received a mysterious summons. On this I went to the lawyer, and sent a message to the lady, that, as the last person who had attended her husband, I undertook to prove his sanity ; and I besought her to grant me an interview, in which I would relate as strange and horrible a story as ear had ever heard. The same evening I received an invitation to go to the mansion. I was ushered immediately into a splendid room, and there, standing before the fire, was the most dazzlingly beautiful young creature I had ever seen. She was very small, but exquisitely made; had it not been for the dignity of her carriage, I should have believed her a mere child. With a stately bow she advanced, but did not speak. " I come on a strange and painful errand," I began, and then I started, for I happened to glance fuD into her eyes, and from them down to the small right hand grasping the chair. The wedding-ring was on that hand ! " I conclude you are the Mr. Read who re quested permission to tell m?. some absurd ghost-story, and whom my late husband men tions here." And as she spoke she stretched out her left hand towards something —but what I knew not, for my eyes were fixed on that hand. Horror! White and delicate it might be, bnt it was shaped like a claw, and the third finger was missing! One sentence was enough after that. " Ma dam, all I can tell you is, that the ghost who summoned your husband was marked by a singular deformity. The third finger of the left hand was missing," I said sternly ; and the next instant I had left that beautiful sinful presence. ##♦>*#*# That wul was never disputed. The next morning, too, I received a check for a thousand pounds; and the next news I heard of the widow was, that she had herself seen that awful apparition, aud had left the mansion imme diately. 