G ENERAL NEWS. We are requested to call attention to the formation of a Juvenile Temperance Asso ciation, called tlie Guild of St. John the Baptist; which is to take place to-morrow afternoon at St. Xavier's Hall. About 100 children are ex pected: to be present, and no doubt a large number of adults will attend to witness the in teresting assembly. : . • We are requested to mention tliat the Mr. Gleeson whose name appears in the l ad vertisement of a Sheriff's sale, "Be GJeespii v. Dwyer" is not Mr. H. C. Gleeson, agent,'of Adelaide. ■ • ■ ; A football match will be played to} morrow afternoon 'on the North Park Lands be tween the North Adelaide and College .Clubs.. ; The English mail was due at King George's Sound on Thursday, the 4th, and may be expected to arrive here on Monday, the 8th. ' On Thursday evening Arrah-na4 Pogue" and "A. S. S." were repealed at the Theatre Koyal to a.poor house. - ' r The next lecture of the present series will be delivered at the South Australian Insti-j tnte this evening/ by the ReV;'J.: E.-Tenison Woods/on "South Australian Geology." ; On Thursday, morning, 4th insta a young man, named George Lane, was conveyed to the Hospital suffering from several bruises on the back which were caused by a dray-load of earth falling on him whilst engaged in cart ing on the Park Lands. We beg to remind our readers of Madame Auna Bishop's complimentary concert to Mr. George Loder, which is to take place at White's Booms, this evening. The talent of the performers, and the worthiness cf the ob ject, ought to secure a large attendance. This' is announced as Madame Bishop's farewell con cert, and she will be assisted by Mr. C. Las-, celles, Mr. F. Ellard, and Mr. L'jder.' . ; The third aud last number of Oar Times was published on Thursday. It fully sustained the reputation won by the first niunber, and contained some pleasant reading. It was almost too soon for our youthful contemporary to die; but it has answered its object, and during its brief existence it made many friends, and it dies without leaving one enemy. Can we shy more in its praiso ? We understand that the net pro ceeds was over £25. ■ The bazaar in aid of the Draper Memo rial Church was opened for the third time on Thursday, June 4. The attendance during the afternoon was not large, hut in the evening there was a considerable number present. Tliei amount taken was over £120, which, add'd to the £'i50, brings the amount up to £770. We would point out that this sum is .the result of: actual sales ; rafiles, post- offices, &c.;, net being permitted. The bazaar .will remain open to day and to-morrow, when the Sunday-school children will sing as usual, and a great reduc tion will ha mad. in the prices of the articles. The admission fee will he the same as hitherto, but the value will be returned in goods.. The following communication has been sent us from Gawler Town:—There is a very use fulinstitution, called the Chris tian Doctrine Con fraternity; which has for some time past been in active operation, under the guidance of its indefatigable and much esteemed President, i the Rev. Father Reynolds, pastor of St. Peter and St. Paul's, Gawler. It has for its objeot the religious instruction oh the Sunday after noons of the young; by means of teachers and catechists. The number of children under its care is at the present time nearly- 140.'- The Vice-President of . the ; Confraternity, is Mr. Lawrence Purcell, sen., and the Secretary Mr. James Callaghan.; The beneficial effects of this pious.occupation of the youthful,mind during the leisure hours of the Sabbath are being felt under a social point of view,; and are, I under stand, still more satisfactory-to the parents and friends specially interested, and their anxiously zealous pastor. It will be known.to antiquarian students and the readers of ecclesiastical his tory that our Whitsuntide is a derivative from White Sunday, the anniversary' of the Jewish Pentecostal Feast, when the Apostles were "baptised with the Holy Ghost and with fire," and began their ministry by baptising three thousand converts to Christianity. It is stated on authority, the soundness of which is con finned by the custom continued among Catholic Christians, that recipients of the rite of baptism were accustomed to bp clad on the occasion in white, as emblematic, of the' spiritual purity supposed to be conferred thereby, and hence the ancient name Dominica Alba, Protestant Churches afford similar testimngy; as, for in stance, there is an annual procession of the Church of England .Sunday schools in 'Man chester on Whit Monday, to the number of 20,000, the girls, who form the greater number, being clad in white dresses and .white caps. The baptismal font was from an early period hallowed, or solemnly appropriated to the office of baptism 'on the eves of 'Easter-Day and Whit-Sunday, when there was an appropriate service called " Fonthallowing." We learn this, among other sources of information, from a manuscript vplume of homilies in the Har leian department of the British Museum, which informs us that, " In the begyhnyng of holy Chirch, all the childeren weren kept ,to be' crystened on this' even, at the fonthallowing; but now for enchesone that in so long abydynge they might dye without cryste'ndome, therefore holy Chirch ordeyneth to crysten at all times of the yeare, save eyght dayes before these evenyns, the childe shall abyde till the font hallowing, if it may savely for perrill of death, or ells not." A number of the catechumens of the Gawler O. D. Confraternity were admitted to the rite of baptism at Easter; and as such, appeared neatly clad and veiled in white last Sabbath. On the following day, according to pre-arrangement, Father Reynolds enter tained' the whole of the members of the Confraternity and others, to the number of two hundred, at a most hospitable fete champetre, given at Mr. James Kain's prettily-situated farm about four miles down the Gawler River. The convoy, which con sisted ■ of nine waggons, with other convey ances and horsemen, started from the Presby tery at 10 o'clock, headed by the superb silken banner of the Confraternity, bearing the beau tiful Christian motto, " Oportet nos in cruce gloriari," national colors bringing .up the rear. On arriving at Bunorana.Park, the name of Mi*. Kain's new property (which ho is improving ; with an amount of taste that contrasts strongly with the miserable wombat-holes with which so many of our small farmers content themselves), the company sang Cardinal Wiseman's beautiful ode, "God bless the Pope." Various healthy amusements were then entered upon by the young, the day being most delightful, while the matrons prepared a spread of varied substantial faro suited for all ages and appetites, the pre vailing liquid being the cup that cheers' and does not cloud, the worthy paslor superintending both the pastime and commissariat depart ments -with untiring animation throughout the day, the sweetest and concluding feature of the entertainment being a huge tin of lollies, which apparently -. seemed to please the palates of - old as well as young. Music, .vocal and instrumental, lent.its charm to the cheerful hours, and at 4 o'clock the signal was given o£ "Haste to tlie "Waggon." The com-" pany, after singing the National Anthem and the " Song.of Australia," gave hearty cheers for the owner of Buncrana, whose neat little resi dence was also the'scene of hospitality to neighbors and friends during the day. The entire party reached their former- rendezvous, the Presby teiy, at sunset, where the Evening Hymn was sung, and cheers given for the Pope, the Queen, the teachers of the Confraternity, audits excel lent President, whose bountiful and agreeable treat will, no doubt, be long remembered and Well remembered as a species of rational relax ation and enjoyment, contrasting strongly with tlio Whitsun-ales, the excesses, and immoral customs ."of our mucli-belaudcd forefathers. A quantity of the broken victuals was distributed among the poor of the congregation on the fol lowing morninir. 