';? ' ?:???'. ?? .NO ' NE WS. ? ??????:??? ? [FBOM THE ATLANiio ! MONTHLY,] v . None at all., ,.' Understand that, please, = to begin with. That you will at once, an.S dis-; distinctly, recall Dir.' Sh'arpe— and his wife, I' make no doubt. Indeed, it is ' because the history is' a familiar one, Boine of the unfa miliar incidents of whioh have come into my posseBsion, tliat I undertake to tell at. No body, I ; think, yhp was at the .wedding',,, dreamed.that there would ever : be, 'such o story to tell. It was such' a prettyj 'rpeacefuV wedding! . TherS were- not many of us ; ;'we were all acquainted -with one another.; the day was bright, and Horrie did not faint, nor cry. There were a' couple of bridesmaids — Pauline Dallas, and a Miss-^Jones,.!, think besides Harrie's little sisters ; and the 'people were well' dressed and .well looking! r bat, everybody was thoroughly at' home, comfort- 1 able, and on a level. Hnrrie is not' called exaotly pretty, but she must be a very plain woman who is not pleasant to Bee' upon her wedding day. ' Harrie'a eyes shonei-;I never, saw such eyes ! arid she' threw her head, bacit like a queen wh'pni they; were crowning, j ! , Her father married them. .: Old Mr Bird was, an odd man, with odd. notions of mapy thin'ga, of which marriage was 'one. The,, service was bis own., I ..afterwards asked . him for a copy of, its which I have preserved. The .Covenant; ran; thus :— ' Appealing to your .Father, who is, in heaven, to witness your sincerity, you ''.. . ,. do now . take this woman whose hand, you hold-^-chopsing her ^alone from all the' wcrld —to be . your lawfully wedded wife. You tiiust her as your beat earthly . ! friend. You promise , to love, to cherish,, and, to proteot her ; -to' be considerate of her happiness in your plans of lif e ; to cultivate for ner sake all manly .yirtuJBB ; arid in air things to seek her welfare, aa you seek your own. You pledge yourself thus honorably to her, to be her husband in good faith, bo long aa the providence of God . ehall .Bpare you : to each' pth,er. In like ,m3nner, loojiingrto your Heavenly Father for: hia blessing, you, . . .do now, ; receive ; this man, whose hand yon hold, to be ypnr law fully wedded husband. You chooBe.,him frbm all the world as he has chosen you, You pledge your trpst . to him as your best earthly friend. You promise to love, to com- . fort, nnd to honor him ; to . .cultivate . for his Btiko all womiirilji !, gracea '.y, to. guard lus jrepu :taU6n,' cind:aialBthim'ia^lii8 'Ufe'fl 'work'; and' in all things to esteem his happiness as your own. You give yourself- thus trustfully to him, to bo his wife in good faith, so long as the providence of , God shall spare you to each other.' When Harrie lifted her shining eyes to say, ?-'? I do I' the two little happy words rang through 'tho silent room like a silver bell; they would have tinkled in your ears for weeks to cdmeif you had heard them. I. have ; bean thus' parlicalarin noting the words of the . servioo; ? partly because they1 pleased mej partly because I have eince had some occa sion toj recall. thorn, and partly because I re^ member having wondered,, at the time,: hpw many married men and women of your arid; ' my acquaintance, if honestly subj e'otiti'g . ' their union to the teBfcranct full interpretations aridl remotest bearing of 'such vows as these, could live in the Bight'bf God and man bb 'lawfully wedded' husbaM arid wife. ? ^ ;; j '. Weddings rar6 always very sad things !tp me ; as much sadder than burials as the b|e-, ginning of life, should be sadder than the end of iti ; The 'rejSdirieaa with wbich';youngs giriB will flit out a tried,' proved,' happy home into the sole care and keeping of a man whom they have known three months, six, twelve, I do not profess ' to 'understand. Such knowledge, is too wonderful for me ; it is high, I cannot attain unto it. But that mav be because I am fifty-five, an ? old maid, , and . have spent twenty years r in boarding-houses. A woman reads tho graces of a ' man at sight. HiB.faultu she^ cannot thoroughly detect till she has been for years his wife. And hia faults ore so much more, serious u matter to her than herstohiml - - ??'? '?; Well, I believe that they got along very well till the first baby came. As far, as my obser vation goes, young people .usually. got along very well till the first baby comes./ These pkr-; ticular yourig people had a cleiir ' obrisbiencej— ?? , as young people's oorisoiences go,— fair health, a comfortable income for two, and a very plea sant home. This home was on the coast. The townspeople made shoes, and minded their own business. Dr. ' Sharps bought .the dying practice' of 'aid ^antediluvian who' believed ia camomile and castor-oil. Harrie mended a few stockings, mado a few pies, and watched the sea. * ?' ??'??:':'-'\'f--',^:^:':y- '-. ?-'?' ; ?'???'''' i '.'.? It was ahnost enough of itself : to make one i happyr^thosea—asit. tumbled aboutj the shores of ,Limev Harrie had a little seat hollowed out in the cliffs; and a little scarlet bathing-dress, whioh was surprisingly becoming, and a little boat of her own, moored in a little bay ,-i-^a pretty ismoH which ; her husband had. had made '?' to order, that she might be able to row herself en a calm water. He was y;ery thpughtful;for her in those, daya. She used to take her sew ing pjit;uppn. the oHff ; she would be .demure and busy; Bhe would finish the selvage seam1;' but the'sun , blazed, the sea, ehpne, the hirds sang,;aU the worjd ,wap.at,play,-T-,what could, it i.niatter ,'ajbou^ .selirage seams:?w Spihe, liltle gold, thimble would,, drop ,pff, the ippopl farun;dle down the .cliff j and, ,Harn,e , sinking back' into a cushion at green and, crimsoni .sea-wped, would open her .wide ..eyes and, dream. , The .wayea purpled , and Bilyared, andfbroke, into a mist like; powdered amber, the blue distances melted softly, i .the white sand glittered, the gulls were chattering ihrilly. What a world itwas;!; ?....,-? -?.-?.?.??:.? ..../:]?.;- \\.; .jcv MAriihe,is;in it !' thought Harrie. Then she would; smile and shut bier .eyea, . M: Arid; the children of jsraol saw the; face of Moses, that Mpaes' face shone, and they were afraid1 to come nigh], him.' ,, Harrie,, wonderedi if eyerybpdyls joy- were \stqol great ,tp, , look upon and wondered, ia a childish ,+- frightened wjay,: how it might be, with, sorrow ; if people stpod with veiled faces,before it, dumb with pain as she with peace— and then- it waa, ; dinner-time, , and;;Myron ,cama ;d6wn, tp , walli , up the , beaoh' with her, arid , she forgot , all about it, ; She forgot all, ab^put ? ^yerything);^^ the,,bare' jpy .of )iife ;and the sea, ) wheK.'she, had;dpnned' ; theiprettyj.Bcarlet t.Buij;, and , ,crepi pulj in , the : , surf -rrrat the., proper, ,. medicinal , . hourj \ Jfor. the Doctor was ,;vory particular :y?ith, herr^when the.wann ., brown waves i; ?broke,, oyev.hei; il&ce;,- the long aea- weeds ;siipped through her fingers, .the , foam sprinkled her. hair with crystals, and : the strong wind was up., ..^S^o ;was;ai pwift swimmer,1 aadj. as, one watched from the shore, her lithe scarlet shoulders seemed to glide like a trail of fire through thelighted water ;, and when she sat in shallow foam with -sunshine on her, . . or flashed .through the , dark , green pools ; among the ropka, or floated with the.incoming tide, her great bathing- hat dropping shadoWB on .her, wet iii'^le ,happy face, and, her laugh' ringing out,- it- was . a ; pretty. Bight. ;., But a prettier, one than th,at, her husband thought, ; was to see her in her boat/ at sunset; when sea and sky were aflame, when ., every ; fl^ke of foam; was a rainbow, and the great, chalk cliffs were, blood-red; when the; jvindblew; her.net off, . and in pretty petulance she pulled her hnir down, and it rippled all about her as she dipped intpthe blazing ^est.,K Dr. iSharp'e', usod to driv.e , hqme byithebeach, ona,, ioir, night,; .alwayB, that ^ he might spe i,6. .Then, iptarrie would row. swiftly in,, and ! spring iibtp . theipw, broad briggy_. beside hipi, and they rode home together, 'in;;, the fragraril; ..drisk. Sometiines she nsed to chatter on these twi light drives ;, but moire often she ; erept up ; to him and shnthor.eyes, and ; was aa still ? as a, sleepy bird. Jt was so 'pleasant to do aothirig butbe happy!. ,; ? v ??';'.,,: '?,-.-? :?-?, ! , I believe that at this time 'Dr. Sharpe loved .his, wife as unselfishly aB he knew how, Harrie often;; wrote , me .that he' wois !f!yery' good.' She was sometimes a little troubled that the t Bhould ,' knew so mn6h...impre' than she', and ,had fits pfj.readmg, the/ newspapers ,and( re--, v.iewhig her Fjrenoh, arid studying cases j of; hydrophobia, ;or some other, pleasant subject, which had a professional air. . Her^huqband laughod at her. for her pains, bat noverthelegs he found her so niuoh the, more entertainipg.. Sometimes she drover about with him iu his calls, or amused hprflelf by making jeHieai in, fan'oy moulda for his poor,' or sat in his lap, and disoedraed like a bobolink of; croup and. nieaBleB, ;pulling. his ^whiskers i the, while ;,with her pink lingers. ??'.,-,';' ,,., , i\' ,:-,- ': '- v-: ,?? I ;..'. ;, All this, as ^'haye Baidtwas before . the; first. baby ..came. .(jiiBBnrpr^Bing.! wbatvagne id.ea8 ,young people i^V.generaji.aijid, young men | in, particular, liaye of the rubs and.jars of dprq^a^ tip!, [life, on an income of .eighteen, , hundred, American constitutions and country,, servants thrown in. , ? Dr. Sharpe. .'.knew'. '. r something of, illness and; babies u find 'worry arid, watching ;; but that, his ©wri individual baby should de liberately. Jie and scream'till two o'clock in the. morning was, a , source of , perpetual' aatoiish;, ; merit to him ; and that it,— he. arid Mrs ShaSrpe had their firat quarrel over hig perqistencp in calling 'the child an ? |. it, ' '—that t it should | f^. j: variably fool called upon to liuvp .colic just (is he had .falleWirito ,a nap,1 aftev /ajoiglit BpenV with' a'dyingpdtieufcj was 'a'pllen'omehOn 'at tho infant mind for which he was, to say the least| unprepared. It was a, for a long time a, mys- tery to bis masculine understanding,- that Biddy could not be nuraery-maid tts well ps cook. ' Why, what has she^ to dp' nonf ? Nothing but to broil steaks and make tea' for. two people !' That 'whenever he had Harrie quietly to himself for a peculiatly pleasant tea tuble, the house should resound with sudden shrieks from the nursery,' and there was always a pia in that baby, was for ever afresh sur prise'; .and wjby, when they had a hpuae full of company, ho 'girl,' and Harrie down with; a sick-headache, his Bon and heir Bhould of neces sity be threatened with 8cariatina, was a philo sophical problem ovar which ' he speculated long arid prof ouridly. . ,'') ,J';. , .'. ' i '. ? So, gradually, in tho old wry,' the'old aweet 'habits ''of. the long' honeymoon we're broken.. ?Harrie dreamed no more on the cliffs by tho' bright noon sea ; had rib time to spend making scarlet piotures in the little bathing-suit ; htid seldom strength to xovr into the sunset, her hair loose, the, bay. '^on fire,.arid. brie to^watloh her ' irom' the Bhpre.' There were rip more walks up the :beaijh to dinner ; there came an 'end to the drives hi the happy twilight ; she could not climb now upon her husband'B knee because of the heavy baby on herbwri^ The spasms of newspaper reading subsided rapidly ; Cprinne and Racine gathered the dust in peace upon their ahelves; Mrs Sharpe made no more fancy jollies, and found no time to inquire alter other people's babies. One becomeB UBed; to anything after a while, especiiilly if one happens to be a man. It would have surprised Dr. Sharpe, if he had taken the pains to notice, —which I believe he never did,— how easily |he became used. to. his solitary driyes and dis turbed teas ; to missing Harrie's. watobing face at door or window; to Bittuig whole evenings by himself while she . sang to the fretful baby oyerheadwith her sweet h'ttle tired, voice ;j to slipping off into the ' spare ropiri' to sleep when the child cried at night, ;arid. Harrie, -up and down with him by the , hour, flitted from cradle to bed, or paced the room, or sat and sang, or lay and cried herself , in sheer despair of -rest '; to wandering awaybri-lbnely walks; to stepping often into a neighbor's to discuss the, election or the typhoid in the village ;; to forgetting that his wife's conversational capa cities could extend beyorid'Biddy arid teething; to i !brgettmg that she ' might ever hunger f 6* a twilight drive,; a suriny, sail, for the sparkle and freshness, the dreaming,' , the petting, the caresses, all.the silly ; little lovers' habits! ol their early married days ; to gohig His J own ways;, arid'iettuig her go here. , V ' | .'',': i Yet he loved her, arid loved her only | and loved her well. l That he l never doubted, tior,^. to my surprise, did she. Itwas when little Harrie vwas; a' babyi I = believej that Mrs Sharpe took that notion about having company. She was 'growing out of - the world, shesaidV taming into a iungus ; petrifyhig:; i.had. |or gotten whether you called your seats at .the Music Hall pews - or settees,, and was: aa. afraid of a well-dresaed woman as she was of 'the croup. So - the Doctor's house at Lime- was for two orithreemonths Overrun ^with yisiior'B ? arid vivacity. ; Fathers and mothers r made fatherly and motherly stays, with the hotiest of air-tights put up for their benefit in ithe. front room ; sisters and sistars- in -law i brought the fashions and . got up tableaux ; ? cousins come on the jump; Miss Jones, Pauline Dallas and I were invited in turn,, and the children had the mumps at cheerful intervals 'between.- (.?.:.??'-.::.' ?? -..'-. ?;;-.;:... ?. : ;y \ :i 'The Doctor' waa not much, in-themoodifor; entertaining Miss Dallas ; he was 'a little tired ' of company,; andhad-had a .hard week's w'ork with an epidemib down town.' Harrie; |iad, not' seen hex since her wedding .day,, and w^, pleased and excited at the prospect of 'the visits Pauline i had been bne of her. eternal friendships -at school. Miss Dallas came a dayi .oarlier than she was expected, and,! as ^chance would have -it,- Harrie was devofiing; the afternoon to cutting out shirts. ,u Any one who i '.has ; sat ; frem -itwo till ; six: ? at . that' engaging; occupation will understand precisely how'her back ached and her temples throbbed,, and' her' fingers' stung, and her neok stiffened; why her ^ eyes swarii, her; cheeks burned, her brain- was deadened-, the children's voices were insufferable, the slamming of .the door j an agony, the past a blot, -the future unendurable, life ? a - burden, friendship a .myth, : her hair '?down,' another collar unpinned, i : :! j Miss Dallas had never cut a shirt, nor, I believej had Pr. Sharpe. -Harrie.was groan ing over the last wristband but one, when fehe ; heard, her i husbandlo voioe in the hall. ' Harriei. Harrie, your \frierid is here.1 1 found her, by a charming acoident, at the station, and-drove her.ihome.'; And Miss Dallas,, gloved, perfumed, rustling, hi a very boconi ; iii'g veil and travelling-sujt of the latest mode, 8 wept in upon her. , Harrie was too riiubh of a lady, to, waste , any .words on apology, spj she i ran just ; aa she was, in her calico dress,. ? with jthe collar hanging, into Pauline's Btately anaa'j and teld , rip . her litHe burnirig cheJBks'^ to be kissed. . Bat her husband 'looked an noyed. He came down before tea in his ' best coat to entertain their guest. Biddy waB ' taldng an afterrioon'l that dayj ftnd Harrie buBtled .about with, her aching.., ba'ok to make tea and' wash the, children. She had np^time, to /spend upon heraeU, arid, rather than, kbep a hungry traveller waiting, smoothed her hair, knotted a ribbon at the collar, and canwdpwri in her. oatico dress. '.-,':'. . -' -,' *.-..,'.', '',- '? '; [ Drf Sharpe glanced at it ia aoirie surprise. He repeated the glanceB several timee in the course of the evening, aa he , ''pat JBhqttingvfith; . his . .''; w/fe's .' friend. Misa ! ,, Dalian ? was , ,very sprightly in cpnyersataori,; (had;i;ead ?ome, had- thought spmo.; and h^d.the appeararipe.ofjhay-^ ing read and thought abo^fc twice ;as rijuobj as(' she had. , jMyron Sharnehald, .always^ consir .Bi^ered ; his wife a handsome. ,woriiaa*' .That] npbodyelse thought her bo had made no differ ence' to, him.. He , had, pfteii' looked intp the saucy eyes of little Harrie Bird, and told her that she ,was,very ipretty. As a .'.'pattbrj of theory,, ho Bupposed her to be:, very pretty,! now that she wiiB the mother o'f ,' h'iB three ohild^en, and breaking her back to cutout his shirts. iMiss Dallas ,, was a/generously, lramod, ,yrell- \ propprtioned, woman', who parried, long trains, ;and tied her ; hair with crimson velvet. ' She had largo, serene eyes, white,hand.s, arid ajvery ploniant smile. A , delicate perfume ? stirred as she Spr^ed, and; she wore.'a.oroarijy lace about, her. throat, arid wrists.'r , Calic&ea; . : were;riover becomirig to. .Harrie, arid that' one with the ,'palm-leafj did not fit her w?ll,— she cut it her self, to save .expense. -As, the evening passed, . in reacUoq fjfom the weariness of shirt-cutting ^Bho^grpw nalo, and the sallow tints upon her, (face camio put ; hor, features. sharpened, as they . .jiofta -v»y of dpiiigwhon she wag tirod } ancl ' Bhe had ' liUle.elB.e . to , , do ' that, .cyoriiug, than thiiit How 'tired she was, for heir husbi»ail ob'-' servirigi as he reinarked afterwards,' 'lhttt,!sbe did not feel like talking, kindly eritertained'her ' friend himself. , As they went up Btairs for the night, itstruok him, for the first time inhis ? life, that ;Harrie had. a; snubbed nose. It \ annoyed him, because she was his wife, and he ? loved her, and liked to feel that she was as well \ looking as other/ women. 'Your friend ib a | bright girl,' he Baidj ericourogingly, when [ Harrie; had hushed a couple of children, and 1 aat wearily dpwn to unbutton her boots; ! ' I [: think you will firid her more easy to entertain ; than Cousin Mehitabel.' Then, seeing ' that I Harritt answered absently, and how exhdristed f Bhe looked , he '. expressed hia Borrow that ;she I should have worked bo long over the shirts, i aniMBsedheraB he spoke ;' while. Harrie cried a little, and felt aB if she would cut them all ; , over again for that; ; *..;.'. : I , The next day Misa Dallas ; and Mw ' Sharpe \ sat aewuig together ; Harrie cramping 'her ' shoulders and blaokeriing her hands over a patch [ on Rocko's rough Kttle .irdnsera;' Pauline j playing idly with;purple;arid orange wools, — I her fiDgers were white, arid she sank with grace jj into the warm' colors; of the, arm-chair; | the door was open . into the . hall, and Dr. r Sharpe passed by, glancing in as he passed. 'Your husband is a very . intelligent man, I Harrie,' observed Miss Dallas, studying : her | lavenders arid lemons thoughtfully. 'I was i much interested in what ho said about pro- 1 Adamio man last evenhig.' 'Yes,' Baid I Harrie, ' he knows a great deal. I always | thought so.' The little trousera slipped from I her black fingers ,by-and-by, arid her eyes I wandered out of the window abseritly. ' She I did not know, anything about ' pre-Adamio I 'man. ', ,;;?'' '' ? ? ? :y'!'1;'-;' - \\-:- '' ? -;; At the tea table the Doctor fell to recon Btructing the country, and Miss Dallas, who was quite a politician' ' in...' Miss DallasV way, observed, that the horizon looked brighter sirioe Tennessee's admittance^ arid that she hoped that the 'clouds, (fec.^arid what did he think of Brownlow?, &6., &o.;: ' Tennessee !' pxclaimed Harrie ; ' why, . how long \ has Tennessee been in ?, I: 'dian't know anything about iti' Miss Dallaa smiled kiridly. . Dr. Sharpe bit his lip, and his face flushed* ^'Harrie, you really, ought to read' the papers,' he said, with some impatience; 'it's no wonder' you don't know ' anything.' 'I How should I know; any thing,' tied to the children all day ?'? Harrie Bppke quickly, for the hot tears ' sprang. ' Why didn't you tell me something abeut Tenrieasee. ' ' You never talk ? ptolitics with me.' This began to be awkward ; Miss Dallas, who never interfered — on prin ciple- — between; husband and wife, gracefully took up the baby, and gracefully;. Bwung her dauity Geneva .watch- for the child's amuse ment,, smiling, brilliantly.. She cquld not en . dure babies, but you' would never have aus '.peptecL'it. r/:i;[ :\:-:\\. '^:-':; ..'??'??'? ???!'?- x . -In f aoti when Pauline had been in the house four or five days,: Harrie, '-'wh'p , never thought very ' much of herself,' ; became v so painfully alive to her. own deficiericiea .that she fell into a permanent fit of low spirits, which' did not add .either to her appearance or her .vivacity. ' Pauline' ia bo pretty and bright,'* 'she wrote to; me, '' I always !.! knew I':; wjw a little fool. You can be a fool before you're inarrie.a,' just 'as well as riot.' Theni.wheri you have thiee babies to look after; it istoo bite to make yourself J over. I try very hard how to read the newspapers,1 only Myron does riot know it.' One, morning something occurred to Mra Sharpe.' It was flimply that her husband had ' spent every evening at home for a week. She was hi the nursery when the thought Btruck her, rpoking slowly in her ''.-low1 ' Be wing-chair, holding the baby in. one arm and trying to dam 'Blockings ^with the other. ,' : ['''?? ' °''t:.P'kuiine Was^— she did' riot .really' know where. WaB riot that ' her. voice vipon the porch? The rockirig'-chair, iatbpped sharply, and Harriolookdd down' throrigh the blinds. The Doctor's horse was tied , at the gate. The ; Dpotor , sat' fanning hicaself with his hat in one.bf 'the garden-chairs j Miss Dallas occupied.- the 'other ; she. *waa chatting,' and twisting her golden wopla ' about her fingers — it was noticeable that she; used only! golden wools that. morning; her dress; waa.pale blue, arid- the effect of the purples would, .riot have been good. ff'I thought your, calla were going to take till dinner, Myron,' called Harrie, through the blinds. ',' I thought bo too,' qaid Myrori; plaoidly, ' but ihey do not seem to. ; Won't you come down ?', Harrie thanked him, saying, iu a pleasant, nonchalant way, that Bhe .could1 not leave'; thVbaby. It' was almost the first bit of acting that the child had. ever been guilty of— for ,tho baby; was just going tip sleep, arid she .know .it.;,' She turned ; away! \ from the window ' quietly. She could not have been angryj and scolded.; or noisy, and 'cried. She :pnt little Hdr'rie ' into her cradle, crept upon the bed, and lay. per . feotly still for a long time. When the dinner bell rang, arid Bhe got up. to brush her hair, , that absent apathetio , look' of which ; I have Bpbkeri; had. left her, ^yes. A stealthy bright ness came arid werit in them, which her '.hus- band might , have observed if he . and Misa , Dallas , had not been deep in tbe1 Woman Ques tion., Paulhie. saw', it; \ Pauline, saw every thing.' ' Why did ypu: npt: come down and sit ,'with ins' this morning ?'v she asked reproach fully,; when she and^ Harrie were atone after dinner. ' I don't want your, husband to,, feel that he, must run away from you to entertain me.' ... ''My husband's iiieaa 'of hbspitaUti are generona,'.8aid Mrs Sharped ?' I have always found hint, as ready to make it pleaBarit here ior my company as for his1 ojvn.v ? She made ,thia little Bpeech with; dignity.,' Did both ivbmen knpw'it for, the I farce ityas? Te do Miss/.liailaB'jastice— I amnot-Buro. . She! waa ,,nbt '.a, bad-hoarteil jv6mari.( She. was a'fiand ^aome ^ woman.. She had, come to Lime to enjoy .herself i. Those , September days .arid nights w.ere fair there by the dreamy sea'i On the whblo, I am incHned to think th'at she did not , know . oxabtiy what Bhe, ^vas abou^f ' ' ', '..'', ''? V'^Myrbri Sharpe Ip'veii .hiflwife, ,, Of;cpurse he' did. ' Ho begari J about' this J fpimei to state the' faofc to himself Beteriil times a day. lHad she nptbeen all^the.^orld,, tp^ hiin. when he . wooed' and ,? won .h^r iri ', her rosy, 'iripeniBg ^aya ? ;Wa8 she riot all the .world to him now that a bit of sereness had crept upon her, in a married, Vfte' !pf l?ight haydrworking' years. That she had' 'grown' a little aere, he felt somewhat, keenly of, late,. , . She. had a ;dreary, draggled look ^t breakfast, ,a,fter the .children had cried at riightr-and. the . fights when' Mra ^Sbarpe's children did, riot orywerb ljke^angela' Visits.' It ' was perhaps tho more^ noticeable, bocauap Miaa Dallas . ' had a ?pebuUar ' color and co(jlr\eBB; arid sparklo .' in'.| the niorning, .like'i.jth.at'' of pponing,. flpwera, She ' had not bpen up till midnight' wjthJ(o,'Bibk liaby. It .mi : bliapryablo ' that, in proportion to. the ' freqtteniiy wul»Jwhichu he 'found' it 'iicitviKil to remark his fondness for Harrie, his attentions to her increased. He inquired tenderly after her headaches; ho brought her flowers, when he and Miss Dallas walked in the autumn woods; he was particular abont her shawls and wraps ; he begged her to sail and drive with them ; he took pains to draw his chair beside hers on the porch ; he patted her hands and played with her soft hair. Hairie's clear eyes puzzled over this for a day or two ; but by-and by it mast have been noticed that she refused bis rides, shawled herself , was apt to be with the children when he called her, and shrank, in a quiet way, from his touch. One morning, at the breakfast- table, Miss Dallas calmly observed that she should go home on Friday^ Dr. Sharpe 'dropped his cup ; rHarrie . wiped up the, tea. ' JVIy dear Miss Dallas— surely— we cannot let you go yet 1 ; Harrie ! Can't you, keep your friend?' Harrie said the proper thing in a low tone. Pauline repeated her determination with much decision, and was afraid that her visit had been more of a burden than Harrie, with all her care, was. ; able i to i bear. Dr. Sharpe pushed back his chair' noisily, and left the room'... He' went, and stood1;, by the. parlor' window. The. man's face was white. What business had tho days to close down before him like a g^ranito wall, because a Woman, with long trains and white hands was, going out of them? .Harris's patient voice came in through the open door: ' Yob,', yes, :;;yes, Rooko ; mother is; tired, td-day; wait, a minute.' The air grew sweet' with,, the sudden scent of heliotrope, and Miss Dallas ; pushed aside the curtain gently.- /'I may, have that sail across ; the bay before I go ?: It promises to be fair; to-morrow*' He : hesitated. ; 'I sapppge it will be qnr last,' said the lady, softly. She wsb father sorry1 whenjsnie had' spoken, for she really did not mean anything, and was' sur prised at the sound of her own voice. ? But they took the .sail;' Harrie watched them.qff— her husband did riot invite her to go1 on that occasion— r with that stealthy sharpness in her eyes. Her lips and hands and -fore- head were burning. She had been cold all day. A sound. Uke the, tolling of ,a bell beat in her' ears.' The children's voices were choked and distant/ 'She wondered if Biddy were drunkj she seemed to donee about so' at her ironing table, and wondered if she must dismiss her, and who could supply her place. She 'tried to put my room in' order, for'.'she: was ex-; pecting me' that : night by the last train,' but ; gave up the undertaking in weariness and con-, faaioh. In fact; if Harrie' had been one of the doctor's patients I'.'fie would' have i.'pent her to bed and prescribed for brain-fever ' As she was not' a patient, but: only his wife, he had not f6und out that anything ailed her. Nothing happened; while he was' gone, except that a friend of Biddy's .' dropped in,' and Mrs Sharpe^ burning and, shivering in her: sewing chair, dreamily caught through the open door, and dreamily repeated to herself a dozen words of Irish brogue : ' Folks as laves folks cryin' to home ; and, goes sailin' round with other women—'; Then. the windlatohed the door., The Doctor and Mibs Dallas drew .in their oars, and floated softly. '?' There were grey and Bilver clouds overhead, and all the light upon the sea slanted, from low in the west:, ifc was a red light, in which the bay grew warm ; it struck across Pauline's hands; which ghe dipped; as the mood took her into, the ' vfAvea, leaning upon' the side of the ;boat, looking; down into the water.' One other sail only was ,te be seen upon' the'bay. \ They i watphed'.it1 'for; a while. It dropped into; the ., west, and Tsunk; ? from eight. They were silent for a time, and then they J 'tallied of fneiidshipi 'and' nature^ and', eternity, arid then, were' ' Jijent for ..a 'time , again1, and then spoke^fin. a. very.i general and; proper way — of separation and communioh'in spirit, and broke'off softly j and- the boat rose andfolluppnthestrong outgoing tide. The wept, paling a little, left a haggard look ;upbn. the doctor's face. ' An.ho'nest nian,'^thejboctor. v?aa saying — 'an' honest' Snanr,; iwho; lbvos his wife devotedly, but who', '.'oaimot,. find ',in, 'lier that -, sympathy !whicli ,'liis higher. '.'nature -re- quires, that comprehension -of : his - intellectual needs, that-*-'; ' lwI:al way h feel a 'compa'ssicJn for siich 'a.nqari',''1 ..' int'erj-npted , Miss Dallas,' gently.; ./'Such a man,' queBtionedj.the Doctor in a pensive' tone,'.' need not'be' dobarredj by the shallow conventionalities l-'.bf'ati. uriappre ciative wprld, . fi;6m a friendship .', which, will' rest, -strengthen, and ennoble his weary soul ?' Now -Myron Sharpe is not a, fool,' but that is precisely what he said to. 3VIisg- Pauline Dallas, out in the boat ou that September night. If wiser men tban Myron Sharpe never uttered more unpardonable nonsense under similar oircamatunoes, cast your stones at him. ?' See 1' said Miss Dallas with a sigh ; ?.' how dark it has grown while - we have been talking. We shall be caught in a, squall;' but' I shall, not be at all ?' afraid— with, you!'.' They were. caught indeed; not only in a: storm, but in the steady force of a driving j north- eaaterly storm setting jn doggedly, with' a „ very ugly log., IfiMiss iDallas^was no'tiat.all afraid — . with himj ; she was1, rieyerliheless1 pot sorry wheq 'they .grated : safely, ilo^'tH'e1, dull white beach. They had a.hardpullViu against the tide. Sky and :sea were blaok. ?? The fog crawled like a.', ghost Iqver' flat. t and cliff and field.- The.ram'beatripflpi.hem as! they turned to walk up the beach, i Pauline once stopped suddenly. ? ' ' What was ; ? that?'; ' I heard nothing;' V A, cry^I; fancied 'ncry. down there in; the fog.' They went, bapk, and walked- down the slippery shore for'' a space. Miss, Dallas took off her'hattd listen; 'You will take oold,' , ; .said , Dr. Sharpe, anxiously . She put it on ; she heard nothing — she? waB tired and excited, lie said.; They walked home together.' Miss Dallas had sprained her white wrist, trying to help at :thq bars 5. he drew it gently through his drm'.i' It was quite dark when they reached, the iiouBe',,1, No lamps were lighted.. .The; pa^lbrl, window had been left open i and the rain was 1 boating in. ' How careless in Harrie 1' Baid her husband, im patiently. Hd rome^bered t^ose words, and the sound of his own, voice in saying them, for a long time to come', ho remembers them now,' indeed,' I' fancy', 'on' rainy nights. '.when the house is aark.;: The hall was. cold and dreary. ? No table was set for supper. Tho children, were1 all oryiug. Dr. Sharpe pushed open .thV ltitohen. door, with a stern face. ' Biddy 1 Biddy 1 what does all this mean?, Where is Mrs Sharpe ?' ??«? The Lord only knows . what ' it, mauoi-, or where . ' ; is : Mrs Sharpe,' said Biddy, sullenly. ' It's .'high time,- in my own belafe, for. her husband to oomo aBhkin1 and inquirin', her close all in- a liape^qnitlje floor up,Btdirs, with her'bath dress gone fromi the mails, .and the front door Bwingiji'— ino ' novor flhdin' of it ,out till 'it coonia 'tiiy-time, witli'all' the ! children loryin' on mo, and mo head shplit with the noise, and ? ' ©r Sharpe strode in a bewildered way to the front door. Oddly enough, the first thing he did waB : to take down the thermometer and look at it. Gone out to bathe in a tempera ture like that 1 His mind ran like lightning, while he hung the thing back upon its nail, over Home's ancoatry. Was there riot a tra ditionary great-uncle who died in an asylum ? The whole future of three children with as in sane mother spread itself out before him while he was buttoning his overcoat. *' Shall I go and help you find her?' asked Miss Dallas, tremulously ; 'or shall I stay and look after hot flannels and — thinge? What shall I do?' 'I don't care what yon do?' said the Doctor, savagely. To his justice be it re corded that he did not. He would not have exchanged one: glimpse of Hume's little homely face just then for an eternity of sun set-sailing with the ' friend of his soul.' A sudden cold loathing of her possessed him ; he hated the sound of her soft voice ; ho hated the^ rustle of lier garments, as Bhe leaned against the door with her handkerchief at her eyes. Did he remember at that moment an old vow, spoken on an old Ootober day, to that little misBingfaoe ? Did he comfort himself thus, as he stepped out into the storm, ' You have .' trusted her,' Myron Sharpe, as ' your best earthly friend ?'' As laok, or providence, or God— whichever word you prefer — decreed it, the; Doctor had but just shut the door when he saw me driving from the station through the raiu. I heard enough of the story while he was helping me down the carriage steps. I left my bonnet and bag with Miss Dallas, pulled my waterproof over my headi and we turned our 'faces to the sea without a word.. ; ; ?-. Tfhe doctor is a man who thinks, .arid acts rapUlly in emergencies, \ and little time' was lost about help and lights. Yet when all was done which could bo done, we stood there upon the! slippery weed- strewn sand, and; locked in ' one another's faces helplessly. ''.', Harrie's little: , boat was gone. The sea thundered out beyond the-bar. The fog hung a dead weight upon a buried world. Gur lanterns] cut it for a foot ;or two in a ghostly way, throwing a pale white light back upon our faces and the weeds and bits of wreck under our feet. The tide had tamed. We put but into the surf , not know ing what to do, and called for Harrie; we leaned on our oars to listen,' and heard the water drip into the boat, and the dull thunder beyond the bar; we called again, arid, heard a frightened seagull scream. 'This yere's wastin' valooable time,' said Hansom; de oidedly. I forgot tb say that it was George.. Hansom whom .Myron bad picked up to help usJ Anybody im Lime ; will1 tell you whb George Hansom is. I cannot ac curately' tell, you what he. did with us that night. I have confused memories of- searching shore and cliffs and oaves ; of touching at littlo islands arid inlets that Harrie fancied;; of the peculiar, echo which answered our shouting; o£ the look that settled little by little about Dr. Sharpe's mouth ; of the sobbing of the low.! wind; of the flare of lanterns on gaping green waves ; of spots of foam that writhed like nests of white snakes; of noticing the puddles in ,the 1 bottom .of the boat, and of wondering con fusedly what they would de -o my travelling dress.attheverymomehtwhen I saw— I was the first to see it —a little empty boat ; of, bur 3iaui-; ing' alongside of the tossing! silent thing ; of a bit. of a red .'.'ecar'f that lay coiled in- its Btern; of our drifting by, and speakiug never a wprd ; of our coasting along after that for a milp'dpwn the bay, because! there was nothing in the world, to take us there but the dread of '? seeing the Doctor's eyes when we should turn. ?It ^vas, there' ;that we 'heard the :firsj, cry. !'It ;is! seaward 1' cried tlie Doctor. '.'.It is behind; ?us ! I ' i said I. Wh ere was it ?? A sharp, sob bing oryi : striking the mist three 'or four times, in rapid sucoession1— hushing! suddeiily-r-breakr. higj into . shrieks .like a . frightened.1' child's-1-' dying; plaintively down. We straggled ...dSspV- rately after it through the fog., Wind . an-V. watjer; topk: the sound up.aud tossed it;about.' Confused and bewildered, we beat about it and about it1; it was behind us; 'before us, at ourjright, at our left— crying, pri in ,,a blind, aimless way, making us no replies -tbeckoninp: us, Islipping from 'us; mocking us utterly;'- The , Doctor1 stretched his hands out upon the solid wall of mist ; he groped with them like a man struck blind. .:'To die there— in my very hearing— without a chauce— —'? And while the'words were upon , his lips the, cries ceased. He turned a grey face slowly around, shivered a little, then smiled a little, 'then began to argue with ghastly' , cheerfulness : ') It;must be only for a moment, you know. We shall hear it agaiu — I am quite sure we shall hear it again, Hansom!' Hansom, making a false stroke, I believe for the first time in his life, snapped an oar and overturned a lantern. We put ashore for repairs. The wind was - rising fast, -i Some drift-wood, covered with slimy weeds,, washed ' heavily up at pur feet. I .'re member that a little disabled ground-sparrow, jotiosed by the tide, was . fluttering and drown ing! just in sight, and that Myron drew it out of thia water,, and held it ;, up .'.for, a Daoinerit to his [cheek. Bending over the ropes^ iGeorge! ' spojie between hie teeth to me : 'It may. be a night'sjob on't, findin' of the body.' ? ' The wlidtJ', The poor little sparrow dropped from :Dr.| Sharpe's 1 hand. He took^aBtep back ward, soanned our faces, sat down dizzily, and ielljoyer upon the. sand. He; is a;' man of goo'd nerves and great, self- po8aessi6n,,:b,ut ; he fell like a woman, and lay like the dead. ' 'It's- no plaoe for him,' Hansom fiaid,' softly. : 11 G,et him homo., Me and . thpneighbors can do the rest. , Get him home, and put his baby into his arms, and shet the door, o.ad go about' ?your business;'1 ' . '.' ' , '. ;, ? II had le'ft.him in the dark. . on' the office floor at last. Miss Dallas and I eat in the cold parlor and looked at eaoh other. The fire was low and the lamp dull.1 ! 'The '.rain beat in an uncanny, way upon the windows. I never like' to hear the rain .upon; the. windows. I liked it less than usual that night, and was just trying to brighten the tire a little when the ! front door blew open. ' Shut it, , please,' said I, between the jerks of my poker. But Miss Dallas lPbked over 'her ahoulder and 'shivered. 'Ju^t; look at that latch 1' I looked at that laioh. It rose and fell in a feeble flattering — was still for a minute— rose and; fell ngain. When the door swung in, and Harrie— or the ghost of her — staggered into .the ohilly. room and foil down in a scarlet heap at uiy feet, Pauline bounded against the wptll'with a ' scream' whi-?h pierced into1 the dark office whoro the Dootor lay with his face upon tho floor. ?' ? '? ???I ? ?;? ii was long before we knew(the poprohild's) story , , Indeed, I suppose we.hpve never known lit all. i-How ohe glided down; a little ? rod wraith; ? through- thel'dusk: arid :damp! tb' hVer^ boat ; how sho tosBed about, with some dim delirious idea of finding Myron on the ebbing waves; that she found herself stranded and tangled at last in the long matted grass of that muddy cove, started to wade home, and sunk in the ugly ooze, held, chilled, and soratched by the loDg grass, blinded and frightened by the fog, and calling, as she thought of it, for help : that in the first shallow wash of the flowing tide she roust have struggled free, and found her way home across the fields— she can tell us, but she can tell 110 more. Thia very morning on which I write, an unknown man, imprisoned in the same spot in the same way overnight, was found by George Hansom dead there from exposure in the salt grass. It was the walk home, and only that, whioh could have saved her. Yet for many weeks we fought, her husband and I, hand to hand with death, seeming to seethe life slip out of her, and watching for wandering minutes when she might look upon us with sane eyes. We kept her — just. A . mere little wreck, with drawn lips, and great eyes, and shattered nerves — but we kept her. ?.,.'-.?...-. .' ; : ?'. The day that Mrs Sharpe sat up in an easy chair for two hours j, Miss Dallas; who had felt called upon to stay and nurse her dear Harrio to recover, and had really been of service, detailed on duty among the babies, went home. Dr. Sharpe drove her to the station. I accompanied them' at his request. Miss Dallas intended, I think, to look a little pensive, but hadher lunch to cram into a very full travelliug-bag, and forgot it. The Doctor, with clear, courteous; eyes, shook hande, and wished her a pleasant.journey. He drove home in 'silence,, and went directly to his wife's : room. A bright blaze flickered on the old fashioned fireplace, and the walls bowed with pretty dancing shadows. Harrie, all alone, turned her face weakly and smiled.: , . Well, they made' no fuss about it after all. Her husband came andstood beside her;, ;a cricket on which. one of the baby's;. dresses had been: thrown lay between them ; it seemed, for. the moment, as if he dared not cross the tiny barrier. Something of that old fancy about: the'lights upen the altar may have .crossed his) thoughts. ' So Miss Dallas has fairly gone, . Harrie,' said he pleasantly, after a pauss.; .'; Yep, She has been very kindto the children: while I have been' sick.' 'Very.' 'You' must miss her,' Baid. poor Harrie, trerabling ;'. she was very: weak yet.. , . .-,...;?. ? , The dootor knocked away the cricket, folded his, wife's two shadowy hands intnhis own, and. said: ' Harrie, we have no strength to waste,, either of us, upon a scene ; but I am sorry, and I love you^' She broke all down at that, and, dear me 1 they almost had a scene in spite of themselves. For 0, she had always known wliat a little goese she was; and Pauline never meant any harm, arid how handsome she was,, you tnow ! only she didn't have three babies to look after, nor a snubbed nose either, and the sachet powder waB only American, and the very servants knew, and, 0 Myron 1 she had- wanted to be dead so long, and. then—' /'Harrie!' said the Doctor, at his witB'end,:' this will never do in the world, I believe^-l'., deolare ! — Miss Hannah ! — I believe I ;must send you; to bed.' 'And then I'm such-a'. little skeleton !' finished Harrie, loyally, with a ' great . gulp. Dr. Sharpe gathered the little .skeleton all into a heap in hu ariris— it was a very funny heapj'.by the way^ but that doesn't matter — and to the best of my knowledge' arid,, belief he cried just about as hard as she did. , .-; 