THE NEWS OF THE DAY. We have to repeat the very novel announce ment that the political situation continues un changed. In the absence of any reliable news, rumor has been busy with tho names of vari ous gentlemen supposed to have been in com munication with his Excellency the Governor, hnf. rtn fhia n^nnai/vn rnmoi' flfinmn f.n Tia debted to imagination in an unusually large amount. The probability is that His Excel lency, tired of so many moderate attempts at settling tho difficulty, has resolved upon some extraordinary coup. Perhaps also ho does expect ' further despatches ' by the Kaikoura ; but if so his expectations are not likely to be realised. Tho Prahran branch of the Loyal Liberal Association was inaugurated yesterday by a public meeting held at the local Town Hall. The Mayor of the borough occupied the chair. There was a very good attendance. Mr Crews moved the first resolution, pledging those pre sent to support tho organisation by every means in their power. Mr Cock seconded the motion, which was pnt and carried. The second resolution was proposed by Mr Rolfo, and seconded by Mr Wm. Miller. It embodied an emphatic protest against the as sumption that the Counoil represent the pro perty of the colony, and prayed his Excellency ' to invito responsible advisers, whoever they might be, to consider tho most advisable means to effect snob alterations in the Constitution as might render the recurrence of deadlocks be tween the Houses of Legislature impossible, and create that harmony of action in the Le gislature which constituted the exoellenoy of the British Constitution, and the want of which was so plainly foreseen by many illustrious English statesmen when tho subjeot was under ImDerial consideration.' The motion was oarried unanimously ; the meeting separated. A pnblio meeting in connection with the Loyal Liberal Reform Association will be held in the Trades Hall, Lygon-street, on Monday evening, 4th inst. Mr Brough Smythe, Secretary for Mines, in a letter published elsewhere, has been at the pains of contradicting a statement imputing corruption to the Mining department, in con nection with the issue of the lease to the St. Andrew's Mining Company, Ballarat. He au thoritatively states that ' no officers of the Mining department in Melbourne were ever in a position to influence the decision arrived at in the case in any way whatever.' We can ttthI nr«f (i nil fiio nnvlpfv nf the gentlemen in the department to resent the valgar imputation, but in point of faot the public do not consider them as at all concerned in the transaction. The Council of the University of Melbourne have advertised for a lecturer in tho first and second years of the School of Engineering. In reference to the death of Mr Sohafer, who was accidentally drowned in tho Yarra yesterday week, and a notice of the inquest on whom will be found in our reports of this morning, we have been requested to say tha the widow and six children will have almos nothing to depend upon when all debts are paid. His life was . insured for £500, baton the house they live in there is a deht of up wards of this amount. And having been out of permanent employment for some timo,^ and having lost a good deal by his entering into a grocery business, it will require all the assets to mahe matters square. In those circum stances the friends of Mrs Schafor havo resolved to raise some help by public subscription. Any subscriptions left at the office of this paper will he carefully attended to. , The Melbourne correspondent of the Star is 1 anything but complimentary to the projectors of the new Roll-stuffing Association : — ' I hear that there is a constitutional association form ing, or formed, in the usual hole and corner manner ef our colonial aristocracy. Neither time nor misfortune teaches them anything, and they merely repoat tho blunders that havo destroyed all healthy action on the part of the public, until it looks like truth what the Minis terialists assert, that the Melbourne party can do nothing outside its own small circle. No one knows that this is not tho case better than I do, but what can bo done by men who can neither see, nor hear, nor understand ?' Respecting tho examination of candidates for the Civil Service Law department, it is notified in the Gazette that tho Governor in Council has, by order made on the 27th of April, sub stituted tho undermentioned subjects for the examination of candidates'- for admission into tho department of the Law O licers of the Crown, in lieu of those proscribed by the Order in Council of the 18th of September, 1865 For the department of the Law Officers of the Crown, viz.: — Clerks of tho Peace, Clerks of Courts of Mines, Clerks of County Courts, Clerks of Courts of Petty Sessions, unless tho candidatu shall be a barrister, or an attorney .or solicitor of the Supreme Court. Tho statutes in forco for tho time boing relating to Criminal Law and Practice, Justices of the Peace, Wines, Beer, and Spirits Sales, Masters and Servants, Police Offences, Marriage and Matri monial Causes, Mining, County Courts, Public Moneys and Audit, Evidonee 1865 (No. 197), Interpretation of Legislative Enactments. Also the following text books : — Interpretation of Written Instruments — Broom's Maxims, chap. 8;. Contracts — Broom's Maxims, chap. 9 ; Evidence — Broom's Maxims, chap. 10 ; Sum mary Convictions — Paley ; Criminal Law — Fitzjames, Stephen or Stephens's Commen taries, vol. 4, book 6. The Bourko .General Sessions wero com menced yesterday, before his Honor Judge Poldman and juries of twelve. HonryHopkir was accused of having attempted to commit a criminal assault upon Lucy Marshall, aged nineteen years, en the 30th March last. A second count charged tho prisoner with a com mon assault. Mr Aspinall and Mr G. P. Smith defended. From the evidence, it appeared that the prosecutrix had been in the service of Mr Darling,;. of tho Suburban Railway Hotel, South Yarra. On the day in question, the prisoner partook of refreshments with a friond in the bar, and shortly afterwards he followed the prosecutrix to the kitchen, closed the door, and was compelled to desist from his assault by the resistance of tho prosecutrix. The girl's evidenoo was corroborated by that of her employer. The assault was shown to bo ono, of a peculiarly aggravated character ; but tho jury returned a verdict of not guilty. A lad named David Stewart, accused of another infamous crime, was also discharged. Mr Fullerton defended. John Murphy was accused of stealing from Malaki Farrell tho sum of £137 2s Gd on the night of tho 28th nit. Tho prosecutor slept at the Southern Cross Hotol, Bourke-street west, and missed his- purse containing the money during tho night. Next morning it was found in 'a room opposite that in which the prisoner had slept, and he was arrested on suspicion of stealing it. A verdict of not guilty was returned, and tho noousod was liberated. Mr Byrne defended. Charles ? Robinson, who pleaded guilty to a charge of housebreaking, was remanded for sentence, and the court adjourned until next day. . The follewing is the prospectus of tho now Constitutional Association of Yictoria : — ' It id nvnnnonfl fn tinifa' flta fvinn-1n nf £?-. SW VUW litvilUa VI VVUOUbU' tional government, by means of an association having the following objects: — 1. The govern ment of the colony according to law, and in conformity with the recognised principles of the Constitution. 2. The effeoting of all changes which experience may prove to be desirable in the Constitution or the laws of tho colony, by the regular and legitimate means provided by tho Constitution itself. 3. The administration of publio affairs for the benefit of the community as a whole ; and not with a view to tho advantage of any particular class, sect, or party. 4. Tho maintenance of the British connection, and the due recogni tion of the fact that the Queen is one of the three branohes of the Legislature of Yictoria. The means which it is proposed the association should employ to carry out the above objects are: — 1. Careful attention to the registration of electors, and a systematic revision of the rolls throughout the colony. 2. Affording in formation to electors, with a view of inducing them to take a more active interest in public affairs ; and to disoharge their duty, by re cording their votes at every election. 3. Estab lishing and co-operating with local committees in every province, and in each electoral dis ? trict. 4. Promoting the return of men of character and ability to both Heuses of Par liament, as the best guarantee of good go vernment.' The Insolvent Court sat for only a few minutes yesterday, the business transacted being confined to the granting of certificates to a few insolvents who had complied with the necessary forms of the court. The cases disposed of at- the City Police Court yesterday were devoid of public interest. H. I. M. French transport steamship Aveyron left yesterday for Sydney, where she will make a short stay prior to proceeding on . her voyage to New Caledonia. The clipper ship Gala, having been char tered by tho lump sum for tho conveyance of horses to Bombay, moved yesterday from tho M. and H, B. United Railway Company's Pier to the Sandridge Town Pier, for the purpose of taking in her freight. From tho Government astronomer's report, showingjthe results of meteorological observa tions made at the Melbourne Observatory for the month ending 30th April, we condense the following : — Pressure of air, max., 30.495 in. on the 25lh ; min., 29.494 in. on the 7th ; range during the month, 1.000 in. Highest temperature in shado, 80 deg. 8 min. on the 17th; in sun, 121 deg. 8 min. on some day ; ' lowest temperature in shade, 35 dog. 6 min. on 5th. Weather boisterous and showery on the 7»V- CUT. ion, 19)1, 9(1)1, . sultry on the 22nd, 28th and 29th ; fine and pleasant the remainder of the month. Light ning on the evenings of the 11th and 22nd ; heavy squalls on the 7th, 8th, 11th, 12th and 30th ; rain fell during nine days amounting to 1.43 inches, as compared with 2.42 in April, 1867, during eleven days ; 0.57 in April, 1866, daring five days ; 0.72 in April, 1865, daring seven days; 4.53 in April, 1864, during eighteen days; 1.76 in April, 1863, during ten days ; 3.56 in April, 1862, during fourteen '7s i 1.29 in April, 1861, during eleven days; \ 4.52 iff April, 1860, during twelve days ; 1.29 in April, 1859, during eight days ; 0.60 in April, 1858, during eleven days. A somewhat singular case of stabbing oc curred on Sunday night near Buninyong. We have already mentioned the fact. A local con temporary gives a few details : — ' A young man named B en j amin Hindmarsh was proceeding home when he was attacked by seme person or persons — for a difficulty exists in the mind of the victim as to both tho number and sex of those at whose hands he sustained the violence — who inflicted several wounds in the lower part of his abdomen with a sharp instrument, such as a knife or scissors.' The extraordinary pait of tho story is, that though he was seriously wounded and fainted from, the loss of blood, his clothes had not been cut or pene trated. Though the police have been put in possession of the facts, nothing has since trans pired calculated to throw muoh light on the Bubject.' This Js almost as equivocal as tho supposed cases of spontaneous combustion recently reported from Sandhurst and Beech worth. We understand an ode, bearing upon the assassination of H.R. Highness the Duke of Edinburgh, written by the Rev. Dr. Bromby, has been set to music. by Mr J. Summers, Mus. Bac. Oxon. Tho work will be performed at a coticert proposed to bo given in aid of tho funds for the ' Alfred Memorial,' on the Queen's Birthday. Great disappointment was experienced yos terday by a crowd of genteel loafers who assem bled. at tho Old Court House to enjoy the spicy revelations expected in the case of Lewis v. Lewis and tico co-respondents, an application for divorce. Judge Williams, a member of the bench, was unable to return from tho Sand hurst circuit in time to take his seat, and the case had consequently to stand over until this morning. The court did not proceed with any other business. The now . regulations concerning mining leases issued by the department seem to have found great faver with the Bendigo Advertiser : ' We are glad to learn that the Mining depart ment has resolved on enforcing the labor cove nants of all tho leases in the Sandhurst dis trict, and that the lessees will be required to work the lands they hold bona fide or relinquish them. It is commonly urged as an excuse, when lessees aro called upon to show cause why their leases should not bo forfeited for non-performance of tbo labor covenants, that they are prevented from working by reason of the influx of water. This is often, no doubt, true ; because of the want of combination amongst the miners no efficient machinery is erected to drain tho reefs, and as long us the lessees aro not obliged to combino, valuable claims will bo allowed to remain unworked. Individual caBBB will not in future be dealt with, but a rule will be made under which leases: will be declared void if the covenants bo not fulfilled. Let us hope also that thero will be less of personal representa tions at tho Mining department than thero has beon.' The fine clipper ship The Bruce, com menced yesterday to ship her horses at tho Sandridge Town Pier, and will most probably leavo for India this evening or Monday morn ing, in tow of the steamtug Resolute. . She will have on board, in addition to 143 tons of copper, about 120 horses, and thero is little doubt, from her excellent accommodation, will deliver the principal portion of thom. We havo files of Mauritius journals to the 27th of March, but they contain little interest ing news. It appears that the hurricane was not so destructive on the plantations as was at first apprehended,' although the mors advanced canes wero levelled, and the leaves split. The Gazette of the 23rd March report as follows : — ' Besides the diminution in the daily mor tality since the beginning of the month which our readers must have already 'noticed, it is satisfactory to be able . to state that there are strong indications of a decrease in the number of cases of fever.' The vessels in the harber had their national flags and their numbers hoisted on the 19th March, in honor of the departure of Lady Barkly by tho M.I. steamer Mozambique. Mr Weir, mate of the Government steamtug Victoria, who was severely wounded by a hawser when performing his duty on board tho steamer during tho late hurricane, died on the 19th March, at tho Civil Hospital. He was an intelligent officer, and was mate of the Volante, which was burnt last year near the Seychelles.' The following letter from a member of a former Victorian legislature to a momber of the present Assembly is published by a Bal larat journal : — ' Sydney Glassworks, 25th April, 1868. To the hon. T. H. Fellows.— Sir,— By tho City of Melbourne, which sails to-day, I send you a fish-globe with vase in the middle for flowers — not in payment of the debt I owe you, but in remembrance of your past kindness. I had intended to have sent it by Mr Aspinall when he was here, but circum stances prevented my doing so. There are three glassworks hero, and another building. Myself and two other glassmakers are soeking for partners in Melbourne, with capital — say, three or four hundred pounds. We could build a place and commence work for that sum which would employ four men and three boys. We could make lamp chimneys, fish globes, confectioners' show-glasses, and other articles for which there is great demand in Melbourne. Our firm can do no business with Victoria on ac count of the tariff. Should we succeed in our object, nothing would give me greater pleasure than to often see yourself and friends to witness our work, which is as beautiful and artistio as the American glassblowers'. Should any of your friends wish for globes similar to the one I send, our firm will forward them at one poufid each. Hoping, sir, that yon will receive this in the same spirit in which it is given, I remain, yours truly and gratefully, Wm, Nixon.' The Government offer a reward of £50 for the detection of those who caused an in cendiary fire at Sparrow's timber yard, A'Beckett-street, North Melbourne, on the 2nd of April. A reward of £25 and free pardon to an accomplice are offered for the detection of thosd who set fire to a stack in the parish of Carlsruhe, Kyneton, on the 12th ftf A rivnl Tho District Coroner held an inquest on Thursday on the body of the lad named Alfred Stone, who on the previous day had been killed by a frightful accident at the Sir William Don claim. The j ury returned a ver dict of accidental death, at the same time exonerating the officials of the company from any blame, and attributing the accident to neglect on the part of the deceased of the ad vice given him by the manager. This is poor consolation for the poor fellow's friends. . At all events, it is to be hoped it will moke others careful. The office of assistant librarian to the Mel bourne University is now open, as we learn from an advertisement in another column. At the Ballarat Folioe Court yesterday morning, Miss Elizabeth Burns appeared as plaintiff in an action for the maintenance of her illegitimate child, the defendant having seduced her under a promise of marriage, and the infant, in question being, the: result of the liaison. Richard Crowl, defendant, admitted tho paternity, and stated that he was perfectly willing to fulfil his promise of mairiage as soon as he was in a little better financial position. The father and mether of .the girl appeared in court, and tho former stated that he was not at all willing that defen dant should marry his daughter, although, before the recent exposure of the circum stances in the cohr t, he had offered to set up defendant in business on condition of his cariying out his promise to tho plaintiff. An order was made by the bench for the pay ment of 7s 6d per week, with two guineas costs ; Mr Clissold remarking that if tho order wa3 not obeyed wlth'n ono week, defendant would be airested for disobedience, and made to find sureties for its due fulfilment. ' Septuagenarian,' of Wabgunyah, writes very pertinently to tho Federal Standard: — ' Having been well acquainted with the politics of Canada,- at and long before tho time referred to in tho Argus of yesterday, I was astonished to think so high a standing paper should issue suoh a tissue of falsehoods as are pub lished in it. The comparisons between tho Canadian colony and that of the colony of Victoria aro so absurd and false that he must have imagined that there was no person living in this colony who had ever had any connec tion with Canada. I have no deubt that he has given faithful extracts of tho Governor Sir Charles MetcaKe's replies (keeping back some important facts) as the position of tho colonists will. show. Canada was then in a state of open rebol.'ion under the guidance of some discontented French, under the command of one, tho disappointed Papineau, who, like the Fenians, were getting their supplies of money, men, and arms from the United States. They wanted a separation from England, from their hatred of everything that boro an Eng lish name. Now, Victoria has never shewn any indication for such a wish, far less the Minis try, who are loyal to tho backbone. All they want is to maintain the English government, as it ought to bo carried , on, and ma'ntaiu the law ; and surely the Governor of ths colony and tho home Government ' know better what the law is than a few lawyers fighting fer place along with others who have already declared themselves rebels.' ? A correspondent furnishes; this amusing sketch of a scene in church— perhaps a little ' highly colored, but, we are assured, substantially true: — ' A Sunday or .two ago,- a lady of un certain age and weight entored the porch of a small Presbyterian church in one of the out lying suburbs. Her ' rather ancient stylo of dress, and gold-rimmed double eye-glass ostentatiously displayed,, indicated she was one of those who have a veneration for tho outward symbols Of respeotabLKty. She was accompanied by a precocious youngster ef some seven summers, clad in trousers buttoned on to a body dress. He was directed by his ?aunt' to enter the church, and search for a pew in which sat a respect able looking lady or gentleman. Know ing that his aunt was not gifted with acute, hearing, the youngster did not commenoe his investigation of pews till well down the passage. In the last enclosed pow on the left, directly under the pulpit, he observed a pleasant-fool ing but rather roughly- ' dressed farmor, seated. Taken by tho man's jolly face, he walked up to' him, 'ond 'inquired confidentially if ho was a -respectable gentle man. Although rather/taken aback, tho farmer stated his belief that he was snch. Hereupon. the young gentleman .returned to the porCh, and informed bis aunt that he found such a ' jolly respectable gentleman ' down the church iu a beat 'all by his self. He led the way ; ' aunt followed, and entered the pew referred to. After the process of seating had been . gone through, the lady glanced towards'the head of-the pew( and soon discovered that tjie little 'ras'ccV, had evidently7 nff idea of ' the outward 'appearance's of re spectability. The faimer's curiosity, aroused by the boy's strange question to him, indulged itself in several rather impertinent stares at aunty. This at last becoming unbearable, the old lady bounced out of the seat with Johnny, after in no whisper inform ;ng the farmer that 1 no respectable gentleman would stare so.' The open pew in front of the precentor was un occupied, and she seated herself there with on air of injured ' innocence. As tho church filled, one cleanly but apparently poverty stricken person after another took their seats beside her. The farmer waited his oppor tunity for retaliation. Ho had shrewdly guessed her wepkness, so up ho got at the end of one of the services, and in a loud stage whis per said to her, ' I say, maum, them be the paupers' seats.' Of course, respectability couldn't sit there a moment longer, so up tho old lady got, and stood gazing around her, at a loss for a more respectable seat. To her re lief, the active and slim little church officer hastened with a cane-seated chair, as slim U.MUUB), us uiuiHBii, putting it in tne centre of tho passage, under tho pulpit ; he asked her to bo seated, which Bhe did, after giving him an orthodox old school half-courtesy. But alas, no sooner seated than the chair began to croak most audibly ; and to add to her troubles the fleas, starved for' a week, com menced biting vigorously. Right instep to left ankle ; a moment or two after left instep smartly against right ankle ; a minute after ditto repeated, chair creaking loudly as each opera tion was performed. The farmer's face grew red, his shoulders went up and down fre quently, a climax was approaching ; American joinery was going fast, as sundry loud cracks among tho creaks indicated. The farmer could not hold out longer ; the old lady on th§ floor amid the ruins of the chair would have choked him. So up he got, and address ing himself to the lady, said, « Hey, maum, that ere chair's going smash.' AULObUOltUJ' DUO -TU3 UU AlOJ. j hUO UUUUiO glasses being carefully adjusted a .lit Bindon. She examined the frail chair ; a shake by the baok proved the rickety condition of the legs, and convinced her it was unsafe to sit on it longer ; and, no other seat being available, she grandly beat a retreat from the fleas down the passage, scowling black thunder at aH who dared to look at her. ; The. church officer saw her state of mind, and instantly got behind the door. As soon as she reached the porch, a box on poor Johnny's ear, and a Howl frem that young gentleman informed the . congregation now ine oia laay-s wratn naa expended itself.' A new table of passenger fares on the Vic torian Government Railways is published in Friday's Gazette. The announcement ef the very serious ill ness of the Mayor of Melbourne will be re ceived with great regret by all classes of the community. ®For some time past Mr Butters has not enjoyed very good health, but with that commendable spirit which has distinguished all his publio acts since he accepted the oner ous position of chief magistrate of this city, he has neglected to give himself tho rest he required. Yesterday morning he adjudicated at the Polico Court, and afterwards transacted business in the city. Towards three o'clock he was conversing with some gentlemen in Collins-street, when he became suddenly un well. Assistance was procured, and he was cojiyeyed to tho residence of Dr. Brownless, his medicarattendant, who' Found that heliad burst a bloed- vessel in the lungs. His con dition was very alarming. After being cupped Mr Butters felt much relieved. At twelve ?'clock last night Dr. Brownless considered tho symptoms to be much more'' favorable, although there was still great danger. A miner named Boardman, from Steiglitz, was brought down to the Geelong Hospital by the Into train last night, suffering from fearful injuries rooeived by the fall of about a ton of quartz, his right log being crashed to atoms. ' At tho Geelong Police Court yesterday,', the adjourned charge preferred agaiust Mr H. Ward, of misappropriating tho money of his employer, Mr H. Franks, was withdrawn. The prosecutor's solicitor, Mr Harwood, in formed tho bench that the money had beon satisfactorily accounted for by the accused, and that his client did not wislr to call any further evidence. .1 A very serious, but we hope not fatal, acci dent happened to the. Rev. Isaaa' Moore , yes- terday afternoon. He was lidiqg' dotvn'Wcl lington-parado when he was thrown from his horse with groat violence. The rev.: gentlem.au was carried into the Parade -Hotel in an in sensible stato. Dr. Brownless' was sent for, and on his arrival found ,'himi mifferiug from serious injuries to the spine. , At a late hour last evening his medioal (attendant considered him to be bettor, but still in a ; very precarious state. It is understood that the Supreme Court de cision in tho dispute between Buninyongshire and Bungaroe will be taken as the basis of action by tho sln'ro, in the event of the Go vernment not causiug a u apportionment of cer tain tolls collected iu tho area in dispute be tween tho two public bodies. Of course tho shire best knows its own interest. Notifications appear in the Gazette, indi cating the scales of niediomes and medical stores for merchant fehijta, ordered by tho Board of Trade. As to the monument to the 'lost children,' we find the following in the Daylesford Mer cury: — 'The amount lodged- in the bank to the credit of the '.monument fund' appears altogether inadequate to that purpose. It may be too. late now to raise ''a- sum., adequate to the purpose, but, we believe that had the un dertaking been properly managed at first, instead of £51' at 'least' '£100 would have been obtained. The loss of .the three children was the most remarkable episode of the- kind that has occurred in the history of the colony, and is worthy a more: appropriate record than an ordinary: tombstone;.' Hereafter, when the dense forest that, . now clothes the district is cleared away, and it is covered with farms and homesteads, . the memorial of the little unfortunates who perished in the bush will be regarded with, much deeper interest than at present.' It has been indicated to as that Captain Pallont, of the schooner Pat tho Rover, is entitled to great praise for his humane con duot in resouing one of his crew who was washed overboard^ during the voyage . from Circular Head. As far as wo can glean, the particulars of it .occurred under the following circumstances ; — Daring a very violent squall a man named, Thos. Wright was washed over board. Notwithstanding the state of the weather tho helm was put down, and everything thrown aback; and even while tho vessel ' had stern way on her'.' the man was grasped hold of by CaptainPallant, who succeeded in getting the unfortunate, fellow on board again. Examples of brave promptitude like this are rare. - . - At Yanko last week a man committed sui cide by opening a vein in bis arm and catting bis throat. At the magisterial iuquiry held . by T. A. Brown, Esq., it appeared that he (the suicide) had been lately a shepherd at Tubbo, was named Dickson, aged betwoen 40 and 50 -years, and had of late beon very low-spirited; ihe effects*- it- 4s presumed, of over-drinking. As a local journal remarks, it is evident, 'from, the fact of £23 being found upon his person, that poverty did not lead the unfortunate man to the commission of tho crime, and, from all that can be gathered, it appears he may be safely numbered as yet anothor victim to the bottle. Says the Ovens Advertiser Wo do not consider that much attention should be paid to a piece of intelligence in our last telegram, to the effect that a lettor had been sent to the Go vernor of New.South Wales, apparently from Beechworth, threatening that a life would be taken for O'Farrell's. It may or may not have been written or posted in Beechworth, but whether it was or not, we may rest assured that the writer has not a dozen mon in this district who will openly support this cowardly letter. Thero are always a few in every com munity given to such methods of asserting themselves, and we think it would have been wiser for tho Governor of New South Wales to have forwarded the letter to the Viotorian- De tective Office, for so remarkable must the man be who wrote such a document, that we could almost pat the finger of a detective on its author. It is not yet too late to fiud him, and a moderate punishment might teaoh him better manners.' The Gazette contains a return showing the number and relationship of the nominees sent for from the United Kingdom by persons residont in Viotoria under the immigration regulations, from 1st January to 31st March, 1868\. Of heads of families over 40 years there were 26 males and 40 females, and of heads of families under 40 years, 64 males and 97 females. These persons brought with them 23 male and 28 female children over 12 years, and 76 male and 98 female under that age, 5 male and 10 female children over 12 years, and 8 male and 10 femaii children under tho same age arrived in-' charge of families. There came 149 brothers and 187 sisters. Of single persons not with families, 84 were male ana iu. lemale oousins, and 30 male and 45 female friends. The total number of males sent for was 465, and of females 626, making in all 1091 souls. Daring themonth of March, 1868, 3340 souls arrived in the .colony of Victoria by sea. Of these there came from New South Wales and Queensland, 713 ; from South and Western Australia, 329 ; from Tas mania, 507; from New Zealand and South Seas,. 1027 ; from the United Kingdom, 712 ; and from foreign ports, 72. During the month of March 2765 souls departed from the colony by sea ; 504 left for New South Wales ; 212, South and Western Australia ; 128 for Tasmania ; 465 for New Zealand and South Seas; 867 for the United Kingdom; and 589 for foreign ports. Our advertisement columns contain an inti mation that 'Maltida Webb, of Melbourne, and Charles Gavan Duffy, of -Hawthorn, have ap plied for letters patent for an invention for destroying the decaying, prinoiplo in animal substance and other articles of food - and or gonio matter by means of a railroad atmo spheric process.' . Lovers should take warning by the result of a case just decided at the Sandhurst .Circuit Court, and no doubt they will. Thomas James Morgan, a Welshman and widower, sued a spinster named Hannah Reeves for the sum of £496 19s 9d, money lent. The circumstances of the case, as related by the Bendigo Advertiser, were that Morgan, on the recommendation of ' David' Reeves ' that Hannah would make him a capital wife, introduced himself to her, and having fancied her from the first he fanned his youthful love into a violent flame. In this frenzied state of mind, urged by the gentle persuasions of his lady-love, ha lent her £120 to buy an allotment in Hargreave street, Castlemaino, and she signed an agree ment to pay him interest for the money for two years, which time has not yet expired. His love, if possible, grew stronger and more blind, and he built a house on her property, in which they wero to reside after they wore married, the inducement to build boing a promise on her part that she would marry him a3 soon as it was finished. But the too con fiding Morgan wa3 doomed to havo hiB cup of happiness dashed to tho ground as he was raising it to his lips, for she, faithless woman, after the house was completed, ro fusod to. marry him, and would come to no set tlement relative to tho properly ; hence the present law proceedings. Plaintiff now affirmed that the money for tho house ; 'was . not a gift, but was lent to defendant ; the defence was that it was a present made by a lover to liis sweetheart, Thi3 view of it .was . taken by tho assessors, and a verdict was given in favor of defendant. . Two female witnesses wore called, who gave evidenco that in a con versation with dofendant she had .said silo was merely holding plaintiff - on until lie had finished tho house, when she wonld snap her fingers at him, as she never intended to marry him, and he conld not recover from her, 'as 'lie. had nothing to show.' . Cattle-stealing and rescno apponr to be creating an extremely adventurons spuit in. tho . Ovens district, judging by this1 extract from a local . journal ; — ' A gentleman from the Now South Wales side of the river, hearing that a mob of cattle had 'been driven ncro:9 his .run during his absence under very suspi cions circumstances, nud that they wero making for the Victorian side, followed them up to Beechworth, and gave information to the police. .The mob consisted of twenty two head, and were branded differently, but were all the property of Mr John Hore. When the informant arrived, in Beech worth, he found that the cattle were in the paddock of Mr Richard Johnston, of lWo.ora goe, prior to being takon into J.H. Gray and Co.'s sale'yords, '-nud that the. cattle lifters, a maii named . Dempstie ' and ' his mate, were drank sha public house hard by. By some bad Inck there -was not a single police horse in the Beeohworth camp at the time, but the Yaokpn dandah police - were communioated with, and senior constable Steele took the matter in hand. In the meantime tho cattle lifters got wind of there boing, a look-ent for them, and Dempstie sent his mate with the oattlo ipto the ranges at the head of tho Indigo Creek, whilo he bimseK st ivied to rotnrn through Yaekandandah. Constable Steele, how ever, was on his trail, and Q3 Dempstio sat down to dinner at GilbertPower's hotel, the constable, ' figgod' out in plain clothes, sat down to d'ne with him, and got talking about various matters, tho cattle among other things., Being rather hard pushed by the constable's inquiries, Dempstie, who had no idea who his curious friond. was, jumped up and wanted to fight; but Steele declined, saying he wanted to buy the Cattle, 'and matters. seemed going on. very ami cably, when Steele ventured to throw out an other feeler, which thoroughly o roused Demp stie's suspicions, and he stood up to got out of the way,' but constable Steele quietly put a revolver to his head ana arrested nun. me other man was also' arrested and the cattle re covered. The prisoners were brought before the Yaekandandah benoh, and committed for trial at the next Beechworth General Sessions.' The theatres were both very largely attended yesterday evening. At the Royal Mr W. Mont gomery repeated his performance of Hamlet for the third time'-dcring-his present engage ment. In consequence of a temporary injury sustained by Mr Charles Vincent by a fall from his horse, tho part of Claudius was played by Mr Warde, and Mr Harwood doubled the parts of Polonins and tho Ghost. At the Dnke of Edinburgh Theatre, the per formance was announced to bo under the patronage of the officers of H.I.M.S. Aveyron, but in consequence of the un expected departure of that vessel in the coarse of the day, her officers were nnable to make thoir promised visit to the theatre. Mr Gill, in tho course of the oveiiing, informed the audience that tho management were as sur prised and disappointed as the publio who patronised the theatre, but he hoped that they would be exonerated. The explanation was received by the audience as altogether satis factory. Although the naval gentlemen conld not attend, the band of the I4th did, and treated the andience to some excellent mnsio while tho curtain was down. The performance consisted of 'Caste' and three aots of 'Under the Gaslight,' including the exciting railroad scene. The Emeiuld-hilii Artillery will muster at the Orderly-room to-day, at half- past three, for the Colonel Commandant's parade. Victorian Horticultural Improvement Society. — The usual monthly meeting of this sooiety will bo held at the Mechanics' Insti tute on Monday evening, 4th inst. Angling. — A match is to come off some day next week between Messrs Crane and Curtis on ono side, and Messrs Richards and Alves on tho other. The time and place will be de cided upon next Tuesday. A Cohiosity, in the shape of a bull weighing 1396 lb, is at present on view at Mr A. L. Gardner's, butoher, of 99 Victoria-street, and 55 Madeline-street, Carlton. The animal was bred by Mr David Weir, jun., of Stratford, Gipps Land. The Melbodiine German Gymnastic Asso ciation and Sick and Relief Society com memorated their anniversary with a supper and ball, at the Excelsior Hotel, Bonrke-street, last even'ng. The attendance was very nu merous, and the affuir passed off vei / ancoesa fully. The Rev. Alexander Morrison will deliver a series of lectures in St. Andrew's Church, Carlton, on the Sabbath evenings of May. The first lecture will be one to young men, entitled ' Elements of Progress,' and null be delivered on the evening of Sabbath first (to-morrow even ing), at half- post six o'clock. No donbt snch a valuable series of lectures will be appre ciated. Mr Charles Howden, of Queen-street, has just undergone a severe and dangerous sur gical operation. The disease is called epithe lial cancer of the lower jaw. The snrgeens. were sDrs. Blair and Beaney, assisted by Dr. Figg, of Williamstown. A considerable por tion of the lower jaw had to be removed, toge ther with a tumor and some of the glands sur rounding the tongue. We understand the operation is a successful ene, and Mr Howden may be expected to bo able to resume business in a week or two. Presentation. — The officers of the Mel bourne Cerporation assembled yesterday, in Gorton's Hotel, Swonston- street, to the num ber of about thirty persons, to present an ad dress and a gold signet ring to Mr Charles Dabbs, late inspector of hackney carriages to the City Council, on the eve of his departure for England. The ring bore tho crest and ini tials of Mr Dabbs, and was a very handsome present. Mr E. G. Fitzgibbon, Town Clerk, made the presentation on behalf of the gentle men assembled, and in the course of a well applauded speech, referred in very complimen tary terms to the manner in whioh Mr Dabbs had discharged his dnties daring the sixteen years that he filled the office whioh he lately resigned ; and to the esteem in which he was held by all who knew him. Mr Dabbs returned thanks warmly, and said that the valned pre sent which he had received from his late fellow officers in the Corporation would be handed down to his children as an heirloom. The health of the recipient was drank, and a very agreeable hoar spent. The Misses Warden, along with Messrs Dwight and Walters and several other ladies and gentlemen, gave an impromptu amateur conceit of instrumental and vocal mnsic of a first-class character, comprising serio-comic and other styles, to tho iumates of the Benevolent Asylum, on Tuesday evening last. Mr Thomas Diokson, as one of the committee of management, presided, snppoited by Mr Peter Hanua, M.P., Mr Clegg, tho collector, and the resident officers of the houso. Tho whole affair was a. complete success. Cordial votes of thanks were carried to tho company, and altogether a delightful evening was spout. The Victorian Society of Blues held thoir annual dinner at Scott's Hotel last evening; Mr E. Whitby, tho president in tho chair, and Mr W. Perry in tho vice-chair. Tho ends of the table were occupied by Mr B. Cowderoy and Mr Geo. Foovd respectively. After ono of Mr Scott's excellent dinners, a la Basse, tho nsnal loyal toasts were drunk, and ' The Bluo Sooiety ' and '? Tho Eiyal ami ancient founda tion ' were given and responded to with tho ,nsnal enthusiasm. A number of other toasts followed, and wero interspersed with speeches, recitations and sougs, and a most ngrooable evening was spent by tho ' Crngs.' A colorod photograph of a BIno in full dross, token in Melbourne by Mr Chuck, of tho London Photo graphic Rooms, was handed round, and excited much admiration. Mr Shires, the inventor of tho snake-bite antidote, is now exhibiting his experiments 4t tho Canterbury Music Hall, in Bonrke . street. His collection of snakes includes some twenty of the reptiles, and the efficacy of his antidote is apparently displayed by allowing one oF the. reptiles to bite, first a fowl and then himself, the experimenter. It is difficult to toll from the auditorium whether Shires is really bitten, hnt certain it is thnt tho fowl first bitten dieB. Mr Shiros ought to give his exhibitions in a mora suitable place, and obtain the assistance of a committee of gentle men to soe all done bona fide — that is, if ho does not put forward his performance as mere juggling. Immigrants' Aid Society. — At the weekly meeting of the executive committee yesterday, the superintendent made the following return : — Number of inmates in the home as reportcdlast week, 314 ; admitted since, 132 ; persons who have deceived out-door relief, 703, or 169 fa milies ; total relieved, 1149 ; discharged from the home daring the week, 134 ; total at pre sent remaining, 312. Number ofwomenhnir teaBing, 18 ; in the laundry, 6 ; sewing, 18 ; number of men oakum-picking, 45 ; stone breaking, 11 ; working outside, 6. Tho fol lowing havo been received during the week, viz : — A volume of ' Sunday at Home,' per A. J. Smith, from hon. J. P. Fawkner ; the sum of £5, from the Rev. John F. Fitzgorald, being repayment of a loan granted by the society to a person some time ago. Asylum and School for the Blind.— The collector begs to acknowledge with thanks the receipt of the following subscriptions:— Hon. J. P. Bear, M.L.C., £2 2s ; Mr J. M. Davies, £1 1s; Mr F. J. Cook, £1 . 1b ; Mr John Daly, £1 ; Mr Charles Muskett, £1 Is ; Mr Germain Nicholson, £1 Is ; Sir Janies Palmer, M.L.C., £2 ; Me ear 3 Connell and Clarke, £1 Is ; Mr John M'Farlaud, 10s 6d ; Mr W. God frey, £1 ; Mr G. W. Selby, £1 Is ; Mr James Hosie, £1 ; Messrs Webster Brothers, £1 Is ; Australian Moitgago, Land and . Finance Com pany, Limited, £5 5s ; Mr John Mitchell, 10s ; the Very Rev. Dean Macartney, £1 Is ; Mr F. Haller, £1 ; Mrs Stokes, £1 ; Mr Messenger, Clnnos, £1; Mrs W. M. Bell, £1; Mr Peter Flett, 17s 6d ; Messrs Brearley Brothers, £1 ; Messrs Ferguson, Urie and Lyon, £1 Is; col lected in Geelong, £36 0s 3d. Total, £64 17s. Also a donation of boobs for the blind from Mrs Moore Hesketh, and a letter box from Mr William Dall. 