SPB BJP1 FSB'S 'fl Q9 fl ''.-'?' ♦ ? - a'a Bfeo mUflrUjflflo ? The all-engrossing topic of tho week in theatrical circles ha3 been the sad accident whioh' happened on Saturday evening last to Mr Walfer Hill, a gentleman so, 'well and so favorably known to the profession and the . public that ho has secured for himself a multi not one enemy. At the time I write Mr Hill lies in a very dangerous state, and it is certain that it will he a very long time before he is restored to. tlie .profession in which he has. labored so long, so diligently, and as far as fame is concerned, so successfully. .There seems to hayebeenasortof glamor over the Duke of Edinburgh Theatre since Mr Goppin resigned the reins of management and went to Sydney. It seems now to have got pretty well into the lowest depths of misery, so that we may perhaps fairly hope fer better days. It is, said that tho trustees intend to spend some money in rede corating. If they want to save their property from utter ruin the sooner they do it the 'better.'' ' ?' ; - ??'? .?' ? _: ? '? ' '?'????'?? _? ; ' Miss Marion Dunn has returned to tho stage, and I think the stage has every reason to ba glad.thereforei There' is, arid there ba3 been, a great dearth of young actresses^ and such a: one as Miss Dunn, who brings to : her ;aid the inestimable advantages of a good1 education and ladylike manners, is more than acceptable. She chose for her opening part that of Claude -Melnotte, in .the burlesque en ' The Lady of Lyons,' and in this she made a most favorable impression. She acts with exceeding gracej sings sweetly and expres sively, and cannot fail to prove a valuable addition to the company now performing at the Royal. The same piece saw the return to the stage of that clever aotor Mr Lachlan M'Gowan, who has for some time been in New Zealand. He played ©amas with some point. Mr Dunn's Pauline was broad, but by no means so humorous as: some of the Paulines which have been seen in this burlesque; ^By the way, what pleasant memories itrecalls. Cremorne, in its days of palminess ; the Iron Pot, when Rogers : was in his prune, and when that higk-sounding treble of his used to convulse the audience with uncontrollable laughter. Then I can re member an up-country oast, which comprised two of the best burlesque people the colony .ever^saw;, and yet who,- strange to jay, never made, a familiar acquaintance. with a Melbourne public. I refer to 'Miss Harriet Wobldridge rand Mr Shute. The remaining entertain ments at the Royal this waek,haye;had no: feature of novelty in them, and therefore call: for .no notice at my hands. , .??';.''; It is very grange, .and- yet very cheering, that old friends every now and again return to us. The latest arrival is' Miss Dolly! G-reen, who has been away down in New Zealand for a'yery long: time, and' has while there, I am told, beon cultivating the arts and graces of acting most assiduously^ She is to join the company at the Princess's this evening, and I trust that, for the sake of auld long: syne, she may meet with a hearty reception. At this [theatre duringthe week ;they, have been play* ing a, good old T. P. Cooke drama, known . as ' The Wreck of the Rapid.' . Commend me to this olass of piece as a welcome relief to the eiokly sentimentality of the modern sensational soliopl. I prefer a heroine of the days gone by to one who sticks at nothing short of murder, and mates light of bigamy. Commend me for a piece of fine acting to thetar of Mr. Gharles Young ; anu if I am to be tickled in the throat, I must say I like very much to laugU at Mr Gill's droilhess. The colonial stage has reason to be proud of Mr Gill, as it will one day find out. Then what could bo inore ' enjoyable than the outspoken villany of Mr Charles Hall, or; the sneaking hypocrisy of Mr Milne ? !. The com pany at the Princess's is an excellent one,: and I expect . by arid by that the public will woke up tc thefact. ' '/' '/,'?' ,;. ; \\. '.'['? i So Mrs Phillips lias not .gone to California, but seema to have left the stage proper for the purpose of devoting her energies to the stage minor. In conjunction with that clever little boy: her son, and her husband, sheis;going to aivn entertainments at the' Polvtechnid Hall. and I see no reason why she should not be well patronised. Last Monday, Mr George Coppin opened his new theatre in Adelaide, and, says the S. A. Advertiser, was favored with a bumpinghouse, - every part being well filled, and tho . gallery densely crowded. The attractions were suffi ciently great to draw an Adelaide audience in the dullest of times. As Hamlet^ Mr J. Ander son secured immense applause, and will bo a favorite. His fine presence and bearing, his voice, and elooutibnary talent, are all im mensely in his favor. The true ideal of Ham let has ever been a much debated ; point, andprobably will 'remain so. The vexed ques tion of his sanity: or insanity might almost be adduced as a proof of this, and upon that matter Mr Anderson's, rendering could hardly: ba expected to thrown much light. The scenes in which he was most undeniably- successful were the meetings with- the Ghost; HamletV withering reproabhes of his mother, the aotors'; scene, that bo discomposed the guilty monarh, and the scenes at Ophelia's grave, and the ? finale. If there was a defect in Mr Anderson's rendering of the character it was an occasional want of flexibility of tone and manner in passing from one jnood to another, from veiled invective to mere off-hand banter, from fierce reproach to eold but biting sarcasm. His acting was warmly applauded; and ho was greeted with tremendous cheering on his first appear ance, and was frequently applauded during the piece, . . * 7 ' .-,-.. .AUXOLYCirS 