ARRIVAL OF THE PANAMA MAIL PER RAKAIA. (From tie Herald'. Extraordinary.) eratld Ofieo, Tuesday, 11 anm. se P.NZ., Coinpany's steamer Ialtaia, OCap. ein Wright, arrived in Port Jackson, at 8.15 p0, this morning. We have receolved our plal files of papers. From tile Mercantile Ohronicle of the 21st ptember we extract the following items: ) GREAT BRITAIN. London; Soptember Gth.-Ycsterdny tile I., Reverdy Jolhnson, thle American Minister, liverod another speech In Shefllold. This mcih was in reply to aln address presented the corporate authorities of tile city. Mr. hnsonl said that in the dischargo of the ties of his position he anticipated no trouble far as the preservation of ipeaceful relationse twveen the United States and England was nooerned; but the high and deserved reputn mn achlioved by his illistrions predecessor, r. Adams, hnd made dfllelit tile task of ene. eding him with equal acceptability. The ghost aim of Ihis mission woull be to do as ll, Thie speaker repeated what hlie lind said tile outlers yesterday, that a rupture of tihe endly relations now existing betweeno tihe altedStates and Great Bl:itain would be im. ssible on account of tue identity of race, agunage, Institutlons, and aspirations. The eractor of Queooen Victoria forbado snellc a pture. Mr. Jollnson refuted the assertion r. Roobuck, one of tlhe representatives of fionoe of Olnmons for Shefoield, that tile iple of tile United States are iotorogoneis. o maintained tileat tie foreigi imnigrants O lansded on Amoricann shores all merged in a great iation, aind that nation wivas Egleis, d tlihey did not vitilto tile colnlnunlty by iportisng vieoos with them. IThe 7'mes, tllis morning, hlas na lengthy itorlial article onl thie sbject of MIr. Johni. is's recent speeches at Shefiold, It cam ents fivourably on Ifis declaration regnarding e hIotorogenonsnoss of the Anmerican people, d thinks the peoplo of tile United States are muech an En glish unit as the people of glalid, whore.t s Iris]i, Scotch, French,, and armnnens maknes so idrgo a share oftile popu lion, In regard to tile elections soon to ceur in England, the Times says:--"Whnt er may be thie result of these oleotlons, the me reciproclty of fooling between the sited States and Great Britaits is cortanl to sue." Tile S'tandard of last evening contained an itorial article on the relations of the United ates and Great Britain. The non.suttlemoeant tise Alabama claims thie writer considers no ult of England. England is always ready settle all disputes and always ready to re. rn frieldshlip, America could not complain thie international relations were not as lIsdly and agreeable as conld be desired, r England ihas always been more disposed to real alliance than tihe United States havo. Soutihampton, September 6th,.-A fire o'ke outlast night among tihe shipping ill o Sotnhampton Docks. Muac valnable pro. rty was dostroyesd. It is Imsposible to eati ate tile loss, bht it will be very ioeavy. London, 7th SBaptoenbor.-Mr. Miipisy, of anllsester, tile notedl pnblio assailat of tile omrian Cathollo Chllrchl, whoso violent ieelhesn hIave so often beeoon attended with otinsig, lhas offered himself as olie of the ean dates to represent tlhat city In tile IIouse of oinllos. Tllis makes the sixth candldate Ir Maoeliestor, On Saturday evoening a ieotiig was cnlled ill the interest of Mr. rpis. 'y.It is estimated that tloro were 300 irosont. Speeches woro mado ndvoont. g llls clnins, and dosnonnlng tle condsct f te magistrates toward im In the matter the Ashton riots in May last, \While tile poiring was going on thie meeting was nat noied by a mob of Irish Onthollos, who rged tho plnatform and disporsed tie pakors, A general fight ensued, which asted nearly an ihoar. Ciubs, stonens and sihor wenpons were nsod, and maeny persons vro badly iJurod. Tihoe pollce at last suae. ded in uelling tile riot and arrostilg saove. al of the ring.leoaders. T'I'le o lty was greatly xclted, and tiher wore renewals of tihe dis. irdor to ssno extent durilg tile night of Sun. n'iiirty.soven persons, arrested for taling part, on both aides, In tile riots of Satnrday or Sunday, were brought Ioforn tie Police Mha Itrateos to.day, and after a short preliminary "lioas tlion, rmandeld for furtlher examine. Exceitomoelit still risn.lhigh, and 'a renoinew of tihe distilirbnso'l feared, Rveory prcautIlon is ioing taken.y.thse' anthoritoe to preserve order, ''' '.' ' '' Frhe'IVmes, In its 'ity nrtleho to.daly, nays that the annexation of fioxIcoto to the United Itatos:lsn dusirablo,ibut to tlinm:e i not yet lpo, 'e That objuot olld 'not 'bhe accomplished loaw without a neodless:eost of money and ilsod, ' 'rio Dirly N/voa, oammanting on tile mission if thisn6sw Anmerican Minister, SIr, Johnson, lays diflolt iqisations are to be treated i but lasngld lihas given' abundanlt'proof of hiergood Isitl.' ll sending Sir, Jolisisn to tlls oni ry, thie' Unlted States Governltont avows. its desire to settle poending dlisptos te and suell linposiltlon is the'boast gunaranteoo that the no. lotlations will be brought to a oatisfactory lonclusion, SLondon, aeptomber 8.--Thel proposed raoe otwcon tlhe Amerlican yalcht Ssppho and the Inlulls yacht Alino will. not occur, Captain lialdwln of tlhe Sappho, ohnllonged the Aline lo a race across tue OCasniel. from Oowes to Ohlorhourg, France, and retnru for a purse of is0, iThe Alulo is to bhelnid up for the season, ld liher wnsor lias thefrorore deolined to enter Iher fer thi race, Tolograms hiave oien reclald hero en. nonsnelli tue eomslote asclless of the expodl Uion of Gortnan geintlumol, iiwho woent to Asia a Inlsie olhorvetlions on tile Ircoist aclllme of lie sunI Thuy choso tile best posnllile place Ir the exllorlmients, ilnely, Aden, i Arab ad awere supplied with poistogrphllo instr neonts end otior soientloifi n perntue, The lIPpathoes mntoutilon tlat siis photographlo leowneof tile eclipse were obtained, four of which were poerfect. A dreadful railway accident happened on the 25th August, nearChester, Twenty-throee passengers wore suffocated or burnt to death, and 176 more or less seriously injured. Tile Times this morning has an editorial article o Inldian affairs iln the Unllited States. It speaks of thie polley toward the-lRed men as one of consideration and forboarance bo twelen contending races, but so costly as not much longer to be pursued. Tile 'Tiames today publishes a letter from Mir, Roebuck, M.P., in whichl that gentleman justifies and re.naflirms tile language used by him in regard to thle United Status at tihe Sheffleold Outlers dinner. The TImes replies to Mr. Roebuck, and in tihe courso of its arti cle administers the followingl rebuke:-" In a a public reception given to the represolentative of the United States, when it was tihe object of all present to cultivate a feeling of good will, it was an injury to both countries for a man In M[r. Roebuck's position to use the language of vehement disparagement. We only hope that Mr. Johnson will not fall to ndtice that the insult lhas been repudiated by English publio opinion with entire unaec niety. He may form an idea of the honour in wbich we hold his country by the prompt recoil from Mr. Roebuck's words he everywhere wit. n08808." The boy Macekay, ninatooeen years of age, was hanged to-day, at Newgate, withiun tile walls of thile prison, for the murder of his mis· tress, in this city. Tile only persons present were tile olfficors of law, and a few members of the press. This is tihe first private execution whlch hals rakees place in London under tile new law eoncerning capital Ipunishmont.-The strlikel of thie cnlone continues and causes great inconvenlieice to tile public. Tile press strongly denounce the action of cthe dri. vers, whose proceedings, hlowover, have so far been orderly. FRANOE. Paris, September 5.-Th'o Pressao, tihe Autro.Cathlolio opposition journal of this city, Ihas another editorial today on thie matter of the American squudron in Turlish waters. T'hie writer says that the demand that thile United Statesb war vessels should pass the Dardsnelles was prompted by lRlssia, and that thie Sublime Porte, enconragod by Eng. lish and French Mlinistars, will rofnso to coom ply. plyord byons, the lritish Ministor, gave a banquet to Lord Stanley, the English Sacro. tary of State for Foreign Affairs, who is at present in tie oity. MI. Mouatter was present. Specehes of a complisnentary and paolfilo cha. racter were made, and muchl good foollieg pro vailed. Tile Coataitutionel, somi-.oallial imperialist orlgan, in Its issue of last evening, repeaots iln the strongest manner possible its assurances of permanentl peace. Plaris, September 8.--A temporary depros. slat of reals waas caused at tile Uourse, to.day, by a runour thant the Emperor hIad made a warlike speech to the trioops at OCitalona, But the report was soon denied, and pronuneod to be without foundation. TIIE UNITED STATES. Thie Govertoment hlas received the annousco ment by telagrapll that Judge Doyntoln, of the United States District OnCurt for tlhe Southlernt District of Florida, Ihad dellied an application far a writ of hIabeas corplus, for tihe release of -lsudd, Spnnglor, andt Arnold, assassination ceonsplirators, conlnedc at thu Dry Tortugas. Socaretary Scolloeld Ias received a dispatch from thte IIon. Schuylor Colfax, dated Denver City, September S, in wlhich hI says thlat tite Indians are commlittintg fearful hlavoc in that section of thie coentry, even as sear as twenoty miles from Denver City. The Senate of Georgia, on tie Stil instant, pnessed thie bill for te relicef of debtors on ad. juestmont ol debts on priteiples of equlty. A resolution was offered but not acted upon, ldueclaring negroos ioleigibio to any and all oflies of the State, and that niall omicos now filled hy negroos be declaring vacant by ron· son of stnoligibility of the oeonpants, and that tle Governor he dirooeted to have stoth offices filled in cntmpliance with thle code o Georglin. The Governtor aend other commaissioning ass thorities of tile State are instrected to deny comsmissions to all persons of colour that have bee?n, or may be, elected to any ofeo in this Stte tountil the Supremen Court of thle Stati shlall decido upon the eligibility of coloured persons. An importanet selt, bearing uipon tihe status of ithe late Southlern Confedoreoy as bolli. gerents, Ilas boon decided in a Toronto Court. A qantity of postage stasaps shad bean oap tured by tihe rebel ernisor Florida, ansd eold to parties 1in Canada. T'ho United States Government claimed tIhem, but, rusietasecn bulsg made, the eases were taken to tile Chancery Court, ansd that trlbulto henas decided it favour of ourt' Government, Thle Chinese Embassy are keeping very qulet at tile Westminster Hotel in New Yorkle city. Tlhey hIave remained tlee sineoo their arlrival from Boston, nsd do lot pIroposea any more visiting vwhile in tile United States, On Wednesday, tile tth instant, they sailed for England, accomnpanied by Mr, and MIrs.Daurllin gamet and tile seoretarios, li thie steamship Java. Although tSl e Union man in the South are very generally urging a Soimenber session of dCongress, It is believed il Washington tsat lteoro will be none, Ex.Presldeut Poierc lies seriously ill of clto. lora morbus at thie bouse of Willard Williamse, Esq.,, of Conecord, N.II., whore hs ihas boarded several yoars. lie returned from Ilss cottage at Little lonr's IIond, IIHmpton lhDnnh, a few days eago. and went ona as exoeltsion to Laike Winoplsaude. inHe was titken Ill on thie Ist, It cannot be determinsed for several days wlether ie will recover or not, He reenives tie boat care and medical attendaneo, but hiLs friends are much alarmsed, Boston thinks of sending female physioians to Ohin. Fusg and T'eh both favouer the project, as anocording to Clinesoe Custome when an ompres Is stoic Sthe doctor is not od mitted to bher presence, but sits ontsldo tihe door, and examines her puelso by hIolding a strilng nttacled to hierbody, A Boston female, it is spposed, wouald road ly be admitted to her bedside, The deoad-lok in the Internal Roesnuo Buroneau contllnes,. Commlslonosr R?ollines has not yet left Wnaslington, and continues to makel appointments that T'C0ullook refuses to confirm.. ThIe Soecretary of War lhas direooted Goeneral Thomas to send a force of mnonntod msns a totle ooulties of Nolson, MIarlon and Lanle, it Keona tucky, cahlro armned reslstance was recently made to thtlw.b 's 