I A TALE OF THE ' DOLDRUMS.' I Fbom ' Cassel'b.' I The spiritual phenomena that render so I enigmatical the existence of man are not I Umited to the shore. The sea has its mys I uriesas well as the land Perhaps ite I fastness, its grandeur, the deep silence that K broods upon it in its calm moods, or the I c]amorous musical hiss that seethes through I its broad extent of billows when agitated, w jnay impart w umuo vaguo ouu lu^ovmiuuo I sights which it ever and anon presents I to the gaze of the mariner, a more weird sig I nificance, a more appalling presenco. Those I who pass away'theij lives op. shore, , while I yielding full credit to the. existence of the I spiritual entities that are said to haunt the I quiet of churchyards or the darkness of the I bed-chamber, might deny their existence I when the shero of their ghostly opera I tions is limited to the ocean. Yet shall I .we allow less significance to the legends of I jnariners than txj those of their fellow crea I tures on shore? Those ghostly yarns wh^oh I fascinate the leaaure-ol the forecastle are, I the expression of experiences which it is I given only to sailors to possess.) ajejwa I like the land, unfoldB enigmas of which it I will not yield the eolation. They may be. I thought worth crediting or not,'; butcertain; I it .is that the experience - which I am now I ahout to relate is possessed by others as wejl] I . as myself— trustworthy ' ?witnesses, whose I' united evidence, could it be possibly coj-. I lected,. might win the belief which Bome' I may withold from my single narrative. , 1 Tn tlia-iraa* 1 RfiQ T wnA eeivinA' fniit-A Vm v board a large Australian trader. pf,'uxteen, I hundred tons burden,, called the ,Ana Pag^. I We had our full compliment of hands on I board, besides carrying twenty-four passen- : gera. Our destkation was., ^dnjey,:' New- South Wales, We hauled out of; docks. o(n i the lith of September; and, four, days *ft^r , had left Gravesend with a fair wind down the channel . '? The Ann Page was a long,, black «hip,; with bows that would have done for- one of those popular vessels known asthe Aber deen clippers, she was 'flush 'Yore and aft, and had the largest mainyard, of. any other of the ships of. her tonnage- sailing ont of tiie East India Docks.- Indeed^ if %as tlie weight of her spars, that,, in spite, of her, foil hold, made her so what sailors oaiT 'bank,' that is to «ay, prone to lay very, much ovar when tim *ind'WM K iririft nnn, Bat her rate of sailing was very great I1 have known die Ana frage,. when!, home ward-bound, in the northteistutrade winds, with her yards braced up to ajpoint that' would only allow the foretop mast .stan sail to draw, to rnn.,threephundred, and' seventy miles in twenty-four hours, i '? ! ' It was a glorious sight to crawl ont to the flying jib-boom end; and, steadying yoarself with the ^fore-royalitay, ;' to watcji. the great. ship, came '. cashing toward, you It would have made yon': ainy to haye looked up at the imperial ;sweep: of canvas^ Relying ont.nn high ?«v-y-^'fl^ijn'iyw^*fcif- , Wtd the long blact; hulj, wiojwahaip stei^ tat the' water into two pellucid,' froth- eapped jets, leaving1* Idnjjf; lorjjgj ,way ,jj| tiipd a white ribbon upoj} ' the 'iaugibing; . wt.fi tlie'greenfiwa.ters.ir imam&Ucuok-; apw wonderlully- well the great- ship Jwas1 tedded by:terarAw4i^!'w^^d% ' mepBrfect.falto'e^^ To place yourself In such a position, , with tab spectacle beforeiyoaof ithedupfbr :ev$i ??. it 'were, rushingupon you, yet never ,ap ptotiching,'is to; feel & ' wcasurcable . serisa *on, which I- *hottld--*dTiBe~the~man~ of; lnxury who has exhausted all known enjoy-7 marts, and sighs for new ones to try. It was in tyitada -three degrees soutjb But the incident'wbidi I am about to re- ,We had made a; quick run to the Line,, m Jrare* long time detained injihoae lati-' nWBS by .what are known to Bailors asthei 'fiDldrums '-.light winds,'. variable as thfc Bnoke from a London chimney-pot ?HoUj- Ing can be more irritating to seamen than tnese wmas.--.They. wpnldj much rather tocountsr^lhtoyigjii^ they know wha* W .Me'alwb^a1efl,-«nd:i how 'long their J^ftislikely;t6JiJ8t.J:. f£ mag^Z !-&*. ™n of 'all hands,!' and »dr houre'-workj; '«»hat of thktl- Whim- the ship, is ^..Bnuggvd,' whenlHie^aiisare furled and »»tied away, and the ^toT ot gtog Bereed ?ftltti ithingis py«,-nd .flie^ ^mep ^ ^vio V* deck pretty ^«ert«nitiiat aU tnat m£ be wqoired to be done after that «*» watish *-jo. BdtJftiDoTa^k^ihe.w*tph 'fcstantiy employed. -Sensible officers will W^Sf th»1»il?«»a, dew t^e saihuip; and ^ ^ th6 bree^g^itpadyi Jbntofficeife V 5 '^1 Me *°^! *nriona tq' make what Jlfwwy QusyJun,Jacice Abontiha trouble »« ttaranxiBly entails,! Hence, inihese 'oWrunu, every wind that blows, howevef «eWy;hastobe met by bracing about th] J**i m «th«e winds -ffityltafa it in to fteir heads^tlotffroin^antty.twd Pnnte of ttovco^batoto «e short space of rtS*? A«F' J?,l» S«« nndeisjand wnv it is r^mershiuia^WMchan eicliiva thaJSjJ *. **&$ «wi««auit ieseinbling baffled in these latitudes by contrary winds, I grew at last enraged, and attributing his ' misfortunes to a priest who was in his sbip, j ordered him to be thrown overboard. Whilst . the holy man was struggling in the water, i the captain, looking over the side at him, i coolly bade him call upon the devil to take him out of the water, and not upon them, for one was his friend and the other wasn't. Whereupon the priest, ceasing his prayers, and miraculously contriving to raise himself half out of the water whilst he spoke, uttered a terrible curse upon the captain and ship, including the crew in his male diction, because they watched him from the side of the vessel without volunteering any assistance. When he had ceased speak ing, he sank and rose no more. That ship, do what it will, can never pass the latitude of four degrees on either side of the Line. She is seen only at night She passes close to vessels, but though the men may be seen working on deck, she is enveloped in death-like BtSlaess. The water makes no noise as it ripples against her side. The crew are ghosts, and their hands pull phantom ropes. The stars can be seen shining through her gossamer sails, and her cabins are without light. It bodes no good to any vessel to meet that ship. We had succeeded in crossing the Line, and were in latitude three degrees south. All the morning we had been hard at work in trying to catch the faint airs that lazily moved the Bails just enough to give the vessel steerage way. The afternoon wore away and the sun sank beneath the horizon, : enveloped in the cloudless splendour only to be witnessed in the tropics. Out rushed the stars, aud night settled upon the ocean . with a sudden and solemu hush. With the darkness the feint air, which had been sufficiently steady for a few hours, and which we had hoped would carry us, on through the night, died away, and the ship lay becalmed. In merchant ships it is generally the custom for the chief mate to take charge of the port, and the second mate the star-^ board watch. I had to come on deck at eight bells, twelve o'clock at night until' four in the morning, which is called at sea* the middle-watch. At: the expiration,! therefore of the second dog-watch I retired to my cabin,. and throwing!., myself upon : my cot, slept away the faux hours that were, allowed me for repose. ? ' . On coming upon, deck I found the shut still becalmed. Tie. yards were squared, , the. main Bail Hauled up, and all' three royals farted: , ,. ?,, ., ..,' .??;... : ? '?My watch1 has had a spell of itBifloe sigW'o'dock, Mr. Burns,' said Che. chief imftfa tp;me .before leaving the deck., *?If I, iiwere you Tdeervatho starboard watch the Same-^-that'6,to say if the skipper don!t comenp.' , . .; , .^'1 hope he won't,? f answered. ..Tve neaxd Abe men.:, grumbling a good, deal about1 the ' continuance 'of their work/ I won't1 touch' lie yards for a cafe-paw. ThBTfi'.fl a dead, calm on now, at al^evente, anditleoks aaif it meant to last, too,, don'titP' . ?...- - --?-- - ; . . ''yes. I hope' it may; for.., your sake. .Gffaibd. night' He went, away, and I turned topaoe OiedeCB- Witt1 the' exception of themanat the wheel, one on the look-out Dti the rorecastie, and myself, nobody was visible. Wten a ship is- becalmed 'w we were,;tiie watoh' jost «ome, on deck tban swerthe- musterioll'and.theii.ieturnB- be low. Of oouree this is-oot supposed to be, bnt,the bofttSwain'fl.mE'te is on the alert, tb pipBitheoiapwlienever they are. wanted, and/is inftiaedj.ma measure, ,)»sponsible lor their, appearance. But when there-is no tilu-g to.be. donei and Vwhen.the weather is as fine -as it^waa in the present' instance, . the poor fellows may just as well be below as on deck., , . ?..'..:. , Jtsras one of 'the calmest, nights X .ever, remember having, seen- at sea. The skies, were ^dded -wifli thote big; lustrous stars which.beam so dewily^ down through the trflpic^irjiidtughta. The: faint.swell of the. ocean caused the long silent Bhip to larily' ^nd.jBeflUyASway.to^d.jfi^janil the barely, iaudiblevcre^aking of. the. rudder, -and -soft flapping of the -canvas overhead seemed to. 'YQ^jrp ftYiVi'? Tyif^iiipam ln.'pi^.iiftjplr, ^it*. twMA dH!npt ^ta^^bniijiadded, as it xwer«,,tolie prevailingsilenoe.. . ; . - I walkedup and.')i?wh Ihe.deck for some time, then i went laad'.flwted. myself upon jonqr^!1^i6.1ieBco^,near,Q«!%neeL' . Jhe. ananiiilid't^leaeed ' his jgrabp; of ? the'spokes, 'and'was sbmding'ywitlhji^.handsiinrliis Pppkefcs ^longside:of it,, ^Holding it was of no' use ; tf 8tooaWithout: a stir.' I drew Bi As Xitiirew away, the flamibg fusee the man ^.ite^beiand^, /.,.;.. ... :, .. 'May I go for'ard, suy-to geVa^hew! ',b;bwky I'- .The wheel ^lL,hali«u: by i itself Jtftil I^rojoe tact' ? , v; ,; , .„,. .; 1 perceived that this was the case/ and' answeredT-.;. ...i( -,,. ..;n .- v ? -'f-Y«,iyoa-may-jgo. But .don't be 'long aona'.. .... , ^ .; ._ .;. - . . . ^ i-Therinanv walked i&rwArd;,'.. and u I .con-: tinu^t^mpHjig.;, 41ijiijrtghi.1ai. BaSJdr,J I. murtpiesd guilty ?to'tanoieswhioh^lbe they1 what they, majr^ppetip otciioty I must, in justice ,to mariners nn'geiiwal, ^confess .will' not dfttnb^ found., amongflt them- It was, ejwayu my idelightyflnusuch* night as'this jBfjWhWh1! ^^ow:,-wdti)Bg,.WiBeatlinJfBBlf! in-eome sequestered -part -^ef the^lertj'and ga^njtl.out into tie, bine darVniras that «nvdopjd ;th0 .slumbering, BtaTrlilh odeau, ? imagine' the. presence of strange- ? shapes hgy»ring- over. this water, .and ?calling to e»tih' ither ihH»nes that 'came thro^h'the darkness, like ithe bollow echo of waves rolling into some dirtant caverln;- , My i im agination' was et 'times -so 'Vivid,' as 'posi -tively-to-reause'tottfj'fielf the 'fehtastic creations =with-whieh- 1 thronged the dark ocean air. Leaning my elbow on the rail Tunaidg'aiongthe -ship's side,-I bowed my head 'upon. my. hand, and, with nyfdgar alighbin my mouth, yielded- 'myself; up to my favourite indulgence of thinking strange Giirigs. ? : '.. .' '-. .' Two minutes «ould hardly have elapsed iincS the man had left *hft wheel,^ when ? I distinctiyj heard a human voice -hail the ship from underthe stern. I started, then, jumping to my^feet,' unhesitatingly ap jroachedaietoffrail, and looked over.! My thpUghti, from .their, imaginative tendency, were so in harmony with the sound of a human' voice thus uttered, that I might haye deemed it for* moment a freak of fimcy - Yet the undonbting manner in which I na&oodtd; to thfl call, ptored tin* tiie voice must have had something very real about it. The captain's gig, which, hung over the stern, prevented me from seeing at once into the water ; I had to go to the qunrter and look over. For some moments I could see nothing. The face of the sea on all sides, dark as it was, was rendered yet darker just under the ship's counter by the shadow thrown by the vessel. I shouted, ' Who's there V My 6rst impression was that some one had fallen overboard, and I expected to be answered by the bubbling cry of a drowning man. My hand instinct ively grasped a life- preserver, affixed by lanyards to each quarter of the ship, and I thrust my other hand into my pocket for a knife. A low, strange laugh immediately be neath caused me to utter an involuntary ejaculation of horror. I never heard a sound so mocking, so unnatural, so start ling, so weird. Immediately after, the same voice cried out in French — ' What ship's that ?' I answered — ' The Ann Page.' As I spoke, I observed a phosphorescent glitter as of a boat moving, and the dipping of oars into water, and from the darkness under our ship's stern a shadow, sur rounded by this phosphorescent circle, crept out. The pallid light of the stars disclosed to me the extraordinary spectacle of a man in a small rowing-boat. ? I could not see the lineaments of his face, but I could per ceive that it was quite white, and without beard or moustache. All else was ren dered shadowy by the darkness. I could; perceive that he was rowing, yet I heard no sounds as of the splash of water. When opposite to me, and at about ten yards from the ship, the boat stopped quite sud denly. The voice called out in French— tit was a hollow voice, as you might imagine the tones.of a. man who -should speak not, loudly to you through a large tube — 'Where are you from?' ? ; . 'London,' I answered, straining my eyes to discern if possible the outline of the ship from which I believed this' boat' must have come. But I could see nothing. : '?How long are. you out V ' Forty-nine days.' ? ? \--How long have you been becalmea/ here?' . ^ihee sunset' ' When did you- enter the Doldrums V 'This day a week ago. And who are you*' I was answered by the same strange, low laugh. It came across the waters with a harsh, mocking echo. I was amazed — thunderstruck. I looked around; eager for some companion who should assure me, by -his own astonishment, that I was not inia-. dream. At that, moment I perceived thV man who should nave been at the wheel returning. He advanced hastily, for be had heard me speaking, and was evidently curious to know what I could possibly be addressing. ? ' ' ' i ? ' Look,' I exclaimed in a deep whisper, pointing to the boat and - its solitary oc cupant 'Tell me, what do you see- there V ? ' 'He strained his eyes under his horny palm, then- with a- murmur of. surprise ejaculated— i 'I see a man in a boat Where's his ship V And, like myself, he also threw a -searching glance around the horizon: ? : The voice Gram the boat exclaimed in 'Irrench— ^ ' . . j : 'I see two of yon now ; but let the man: who: spoke tome first tall me if he-is a Frenchman.' w I am not' : . , I heard a malediction; then the voids said — ; . . : ? . . ??? ; ? i, '? You might have -done1 it for a country man.' . ,''I was about to ask him what he wanted, 'when the man by my side, in- a' somewhat terrified' voice, asked me what had been' said.1 I interpreted1 -what' had pissed, and then he rapidly exclaimed— . 'Have nothink to do with Jiirn. I know . whatihe wants, and what' lie is, Bir.! He's one. o*- the crew o' the Spanish wessel as goes sailin' about here and can't' get out o' the Doldrums, I've often heerd that her skipper sends one of 'his handsout In a calm to -reconnoitre-like. She'll want us to take her in tow. If we do, we'll 'never see land ag^n, sir. The ship :ein't fur. oflj I know. Tell him to be gone, sir; tell ijfinv. to -be gone,' he cried; ettatedly. 'It'll mean mischief to us if he hangs about ns,' .? ^ a -; : . Though naturally,saperstitioiB,iI:greeMd my companion's remarks with!a*niila ' My judgment. ridiculed 'the surrerstitidn 6f'the .Spanish Bhlp, nor was it likely that I could consider ;the man, in the boat. in. ooy iother lights than' that, of a legitimate 'human beme^6^'1jeen:sHpiwrebkeuV'6r/-as is the case at sea amongst those who-^ailihe ocean, witi nefarious purposes; punishell by being cast adrift in ai boat-with provisions and water ^nough'for afew da^a-; Farther, I 'attributed' the singular laugh' that I had ihe^rd 'to madness that; might have followed his ill-treatment I shouted— ; 'Boat ahoy I' ? ' : Trie answer cameback in the shape of an |nquu7-r-t ? 'WhattwwJ' '? ' 'Ctome alongside and We'll' take you on board.' ' ' ;,'.? . There was » short silence, then I heard' the. low, mocking: laugh- creeping',1 as it were,- along die water. Afterwards the vrjice Exclaimed — 'I doubt your friendliness. I can talk to yon more comfortably as 1 am.' ? I -was again aboat to asK'nim wnat ne wanted, when the captain suddenly ap peared from the companion hatchway. The man -at my side instantly, .resumed Jus'post at.thfc wheel, tad the captain, hurriedly ap proachingme,' exclaimed — ; « What's the matter, Mr. Burns » Who are yon talking to, carl Any ehip near us ? Who are you talking to, [ sir f' I rapidly explained, indicating with my finger the motionless boat and its -dusky figure. , He-could ?not.. see them for » mo ment; but on Btrainidg bis «yes through tie duskiness ? 'their ontUntes - grew ' visible 'to him. Aiding his voice by speddng through his hands, he shouted in EngUab — , «? What boafs that r1 Tne answer came tack in French — ' I don't understand you.' ' The captain who could not apeak French, turned, to me for an explanation. I told him what the man had Baid, and then we held a brief consultation. He was as little inclined to treat the matter superstitiously as I was. He agreed with me that this was somo shipwrecked seaman whom thirst might have driven mad. ' Lower the starboard cutter and catch him, sir,' he exclaimed to me ; and in stantly I bounded forward and summoned the men aft. The thole-pins were shipped, aud four men, with myself at the rudder, jumped in. We put the self-lowering ap paratus into motion, and in a few seconds had touched the water. I pointed the boat's head at the1 shadow, which I per ceived lying in advance of me by about fifty feet, aud dipping the oars into the weter we started off in pursuit. I expected to come alongside the phantom-boat in a very few minutes, but though my men were pulling vigorously, making the water flash in a phosphorescent foam around us, to my chagrin and amazement I discovered that instead of gaining upon the boat she was actually drawing ahead of us, and rapidly too. Before getting into the boat I had slipped a small night-glass into my pocket, which was generally placed near the log in a stand under the companion hatchway. I drew it ou^ and, standing up, closely. inspected the diminishing shadow on ahead of ns. The glass was a good one, and I perceived that the man in the boat was rowing apparently with all his might, bending forward until his face was on a level with the boat's side, then' jerking himself backwarks with great energy. 'Give way, my men,' I shouted ex citedly. '' He's drawing ahead of us ; one man to four — give way. cheerily.' They made the boat quiver from stem to stem, as they sent her tearing through the perfectly calin waters. I stood up watch ing the shadow we pursued through my glass. It seemed inhuman to' leave this poof maniac, fot so I considered him, to perish alone upon the sea. Yet when I withdrew* my 'telescope from my eyes I could bo longer perceive the shadow. It was only visible now through the glass. I 'stamped impatiently, With' my foot urging my men on to- superhuman efforts. ' I sat down, thinking 'that posture would' accele rate the movements of my boat Then I remembered we we're- leaving the ship a loBg'way behind; and: thai if a breere should spring up we might lose her. I once1 again rose to my feet and looked ahead with my telescope. Four minutes had elapsed since I had last used it Now I cDuld perceive nothing but the darkling Eurface of the ocean. With an oath which I could not restrain, 1- gave the word of command, and- my then paused on their oars. I ptt the 'boat's head'around'in the'directibn where' I bub pected our ship to lie. She was not to be seen' witM the naked vision, but I fancied T could1 discern a- dark ipot ' tlirough the. ghis3'6nthe KoriEon, and I Bteered towards it : A fow'mbments-kfter tlis dark spot ?sent up a rocket, and ^Mri a brilliant blue Kglit' was' burned:' Th« captain had evi dently ;got alarmed' &f; ' -jur absence. We lay bravely tb our oars, and in. about a Quarter of an hour were alongside trie ship.--- ? ? ?: '?- '???? ?'? ' i Itwa8-»rtainly; fortunate for me that otters had; seen this mysterious boat and its ocenpante' besides myseb^or I should' have been laughed at as a dreamer for the remainder of tine voyage. 1 confess that it has «1 ways' beenvan- enigma' to me; .at thb - solution of which I have never been able to iarrive. However; I have related the mciflent. eia^tl/' as it occurred 'to me, anil L will- not vehturti' to offer1 any1 cominenks upon it ?? The witnesses who might help 'me to authenticate' this remarkable cir toOMBtanoe are 'dispersed; one only have I since met He was with me in the boat,-' and when I encountered him in the East India Docks' I recalled the incident to his mind' It had not left upon him half the impression that it lad left upon me. He 'swore, -however, that!, he had .never been able to make head or tail of the matter ; but he was quite certain it couldn't have been a ghost, although Jim Rogers (this wasttataanwho hadlseen at thfe wheel at the time) persisted in declaring that it was one of the hands of the Spanish ship sent out by her skipper to see whether we were inclined to give him a tow out of the Doldrums. Be this -as it may,1 it 'remains a mystery that add£~fresh' -significance' to' the trite' though pregnant 'truth 'that' 'there are more things in'toeavsH and- earth ; than are dreamt of in out -philosophy*' ' The natives of New ZeaJanftbelieve that Tane-mahuta, the' f«'ther: of'thfe forests,' keeps the sky frb'm' falling on the earth by the myriad tree-tqpB scatterea 6ver the face of earth. They -have a ?story somewhat like our Jack.and1th6-'Beahs'talk,i'in which tbeheroTawhaki finds1ottgi tendrils hang in'g'doM from' tKe clouds.'' He 'catches' hold of oneof these, 'scrambles up it, add discovers if to- be the' root fibre of a great palmgrjowingin'heaVen. .'. It is «ither singular that the new me tallic compound 'aluminum' bronze is not mbre^uSed in' Englanjl - We ihow it ? best' in the cheap . pencil-eases' which come from: America' '; but there is no metal which is so well suited for nianydomesficprirposes. It is better than sUref.-' I snp'posfc that our plate is chleBy ''of silver, 'not because 'it is one of the precious metals,land we wish to make a show of our wealth; but:because it is a clean, hard, useful, and beautiful metal,' eaisly kept in order. - Its precionsness is a positive -disadvantage' to' it,: because- it en tailsnp6n us some extratroubte'in^uarain^ it ; and many' persons, to save themselves this wbrry.'refuse to have silver and take to electbplate. /Electroplate i isidertainly as hard, as cleanly, and as beautiful as silver ; and it has the advantage -of not being' tempting enough for thieves j' but it is un real — too much like the thing it imitates, and many people reject it* on that account To all such persons let me 'nay,' Try the aluminium bronze. It has ill the beauty of gold, without any pretence';o'f imitating it Tou know it is not gold by the weight of it ; andno dnejhas a wdralfoi^y ag^mst thb' metals which in tint resembtergold — as brass, because they a&& riot deceptive as the resemblances 'of silver. For articles in aluminium brbnze, '' however, we 'should have to goto Paris.1 They are not mado in England. Spoons and forks, cruet-stands, candlesticks, harness, and many oWer tilings in this beautiful substance, * -figured pro minently in the late Paris SxhuMtion. 