GENERAL NEWS. THE Melbourne correspondent of a country journal writes that " the last wishes of the unhappy girl Madlle. St. Denis have, I find, been literally attended to, and promptly. A very handsome headstone, with the epitaph she indicated, even to the Shakspearian quo- tation, ' One who loved not wisely, but too well.'—' Othello,' act v., last scene, has been erected. The ground is also fenced in, and a little garden made ; a neat little cross has been formed in white quartz chippings, and in the head of it appears the word ' Marie.' " THE Chamber of Commerce has initiated a scheme of a uniform Tariff and Customs Union for the Australian colonies. The Chamber proposes to make all custom- houses in Australia branches of one establishment. The duties collected are to be divided amongst the colonies in proportion to their population as in the German Zollverein. The other chambers are to be invited to consider the subject.—Empire. A SAD CAREER THROUGH DRINK.—The Warrnambool Examiner has the following paragraph :-" The only case at the Police Court during the past few days was a charge for being drunk and disorderly, brought against Henry Jerrold, a compositor, aged 60, brother of the late Mr. Douglas Jerrold, the well-known author. The police magis- trate and Mr. Cramer were on the Bench, and the accused was discharged, on condition that he left the town. He had been incar- cerated in the gaol from Sunday till Friday, and a few hours after being at liberty he was seen at Allansford. He is likely to ' tramp it' to Melbourne, and if he should arrive there it would be a charity for the Benevolent Asylum Committee to give him a home. From 1838 to 1852 he was a pest to the news- paper offices throughout England, and from the latter year up to the present time he has been a rambling outcast, travelling from South Australia to Queensland, and back again. He was an accomplished scholar at college, but his unfortunate propensity for alcohol has for over thirty years reduced him to a common vagrant." A MARRIAGE recently took place in the Kiama district between a widow and widower —one having a family of nine, the other eight, making a total of seventeen. Not a bad re-commencement of the hymneneal state. THE VINEYARDS. — Notwithstanding the injury that has been done to the Hunter River Vineyards by the severe hailstorm which passed over the district about a month ago, we (Newcastle Chronicle) are glad to learn that there is every prospect of there being an excellent wine crop this year. The Dal- wood, Kinross, Porphyry, and Cawarra vine- yards promise remarkably well—there being a profusion of grapes at each of them.—The smaller vineyards in other parts of the above district are also well spoken of. APPARITION.—A report is current, observes the Newcastle Chronicle, that the apparition of a woman clothed in white has recently been seen on the Breakwater Beach. The object, it is said, makes its appearance be- tween the hours of nine and twelve at night, and has been witnessed by a number of people from the hill. In one or two instances the spectators have descended the cliff, and gone close up to where the " ghost " was last noticed, but as is usually the case with ghosts, nothing whatever was to be seen. If the ghost is really a female, we hope that in future she will keep better hours. REFERRING to the alleged existence of aphis on the horses and cattle of New South Wales, a correspondent of the Queenslander describes the irritation as due to an entirely different cause, the presence of wort (perfora- tum) amongst the grass upon which they graze. The writer adds, '' a small quantity of sulphur rubbed on the affected parts with tallow, lard, or oil, affords relief almost at once. When such symptoms appear it is a sure sign that salt is required," A LARGE transaction in colonial wine has taken place at Melbourne. Mr. Moore bought for a firm, whose name has not trans- pired, from the proprietors of the Tabilk Vineyard, the whole of their wines, about 50,000 gallons. These wines comprise vin- tages from 1803, so that the public, says the Age, will have an opportunity of drinking old wine. THE CUSTOMS DEPARTMENT. — The ru- mours that have been in circulation for some time past relative to the intentions of the present Ministry to restore Mr. Duncan to the position which he recently held as Col- lector of Customs were not without founda- tion, and the Government has at length taken measures for reinstating the above-mentioned gentleman. At a meeting of the Executive Council held on Tuesday last, it was resolved that Mr. Berney, the present Collector of Customs, and Mr. Jones, who fills the office vacated bv Mr. Berney, should be called upon to show cause, if they had any, why they should not revert to their former posi- tions to admit of the reinstatement of Mr. Duncan.—S. M. Herald. TAE INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL AT NEWCASTLE. —For some time past a very unsatisfactory state of things has prevailed at the Industrial School for Girls at Newcastle, Mr. Walker, the Inspector of Public Institutions, recently visited the establishment, and reported the result of his inspection to the Government. It appears that the matron and the only male warder of the institution have not been living upon very amicable terms, and a few days ago she suspended him and his wife. The warder, however, refused to leave the establishment unless suspended by the Colo- nial Secretary ; and in the meantime the girls set all the officials at defiance. Under these circumstances, the Colonial Secretary, Mr. Robertson, suspended the whole of the officers connected with the management of the school, and by the steamer last night he sent up another staff of officers, Mr. Robertson also I intends to bring the school under the provi- sions of the Reformatories Schools Act, in order to have full power to carry out the ne- cassary discipline. —Ibid. AN INGENIOUS SWINDLER.—During the last two or three days, several shopkeepers in the city have been swindled out of sums of money by an individual who has adopted a somewhat novel and ingenious mode of " rais- ing the wind." This mode of procedure is simple though effectual. Having selected a shop he rushes in rather hurriedly, and using the name of some person in the neighbourhood, who is likely to be well-known to the shop- keeper, asks for the loan of fifteen shillings for a few minutes to enable his master to give change to a customer. He wears neither coat nor hat, and occasionally has a pen stuck behind his ear, which has the effect of making his statements appear more plausible ; and in this manner he has succeeded in duping several persons.—Ibid. A LADY auctioneer—Mrs. Yems has com- menced business in Taranaki. A SEAQUAKE—as it is called—was felt very severely off Cape Farewell on the night of the 18th ult. The brig Deva was running seven knots at the time, and it brought the ship up stationary. According to the captain's state- ment she appeared to be running over some rough rock, and the shock to the ship was something fearful. Every one on deck was taken off his feet. Every lamp in the ship was put out, glasses all shattered to pieces, whilst every timber in the vessel appeared to be tearing asunder. The shock lasted about a minute.—Argus. A NARROW ESCAPE. — Yesterday, during the shooting at Paddington Butte, a man crossed the range while one of the competitors was in the act of firing. The bullet struck him, but fortunately only tore his coat. Not the least blame attaches to any of the markers ; but it should serve as a caution to individuals not to place themselves in such danger.—Empire. THE AD VALOREM DPTIES.—During the last few weeks a semi-official examination has been made of trade circulars, and in- voices, and entries at the Customs, with a view to obtain further information in regard to the operation of the ad valorem duties. The inquiry was confined to the imports of three firms who deal in the same description of merchandise, who obtain goods. from the same houses, and who are supposed to carry on business under circumstances equally favorable. The value put upon these goods by those who have passed them through the Customs has varied from twenty or fifty to a hundred per cent. Thus, presuming that the one who paid highest did not favour the Treasury (to do which is by no means a com- mon failing), the others obtained through the Custom House, an advantage. which would enable them to sell at a lower price, and make, a good profit on the, transaction by realising the difference between a fair duty and that paid on the declared value. If this be so, it is clear that there is room for reform in the Act, and also in the Customs' depart- ment.—Herald. THE sentence of death passed on Louis Duchef, for the murder of Crotty, the mail- man, has been commuted to imprisonment with hard labour for fifteen years, the first three years in irons.—Herald. THE RAILWAY. Since the recent railway accidents, more than ordinary vigilance has been exercised in regard to the condition of the rolling stock, and it is said that the re- sults have been sufficient to show that close scrutiny was necessary. The Hon. Minister for Works has also called for reports, which may probably aid him in securing more general efficiency and co-operation in the de- partment, and consequently more reasonable expectations of safety to the public who travel by railway.—Herald. That portion of George-street which adjoins the Cathedral Close has, during the last few days, been considerably widened, a material improvement to the main thoroughfare of that part of the city.—Herald. A YOUNG child was, on the 18th instant, lost in the bush at Talbragar, near Denison Town, and was not discovered until after about 30 hours. search. When the little fellow was asked where he had slept on the night he was out, he answered, " With the stars." " WE are informed " writes the Hamilton Spectator, " on what we believe to be re- liable authority, that a young, unmarried woman, named Shiels, who is servant in the family of Mr. Miller, schoolmaster, Skipton, has become the subject of a very remarkable and equally inconvenient phenomenon. It seems that some time since, while out in the bush, she drank some water out of a water- hole, being, we presume, impelled to that rash act rather by thirst than by choice. About three weeks ago she felt something moving in her inside and shortly afterwards, both herself and her friends were surprised to hear the croaking of a frog, the sound evidently proceeding from the girl's body. Our informant assures us that there can be no mistake about this, as several people have attested to the truth of the story. Early last week, Dr. Maxwell, of Skipton, called to see the patient, as it was feared that she her self might' croak,' if not properly attended to. The doctor administered some medicine which had the effect of disgusting froggy, who for a time knocked off croaking. On Friday, however, he commenced again, and for all we know, may still be teasing his un- willing patroness." POLITICAL. — It is generally understood among those who profess to be well informed in such matters that as soon as Parliament reassembles the Government will be met by a vote of censure in reference to the non- political status of the present Attorney-General and the transfer of some of the duties and patro- nage of that office to the Chief Secretary's Department. It is said that the motion will be brought forward by Mr. Parkes, and that he will have the co-operation of Mr. Martin and his friends.—Empire. WE understand that E. G. Brown, Esq., Member for the Tumut electorate, starts for Sydney on Monday next, which may be taken as a slight indication that the Minis- try and the Opposition are mustering their respective forces for the coming Parliamen- tary struggle.—Gundagai Times. NEW DIGGINGS AT JEW'S CREEK.—We have received intelligence, observes the Bath- urst Times, that some new diggings have been discovered at Jew's Creek, at the head of the Turon River. The precious metal has been found on large flats—several of which exist in that locality at a depth of from three to twelve feet, both wet and dry sinking. It is stated that two ounces and a half were got from the bottom of one hole, and several claims have got from half a pennyweight to a pennyweight to the dish. A rush has set in, and in several instances the quartz crushing machines in the neighbourhood have been deserted for the new diggings. We would advise miners not to be too precipitate in their determination to visit the new field, but wait until we have confirmatory evidence from those who are already on the ground. TESTIMONIAL TO THE PREMIER.—An old free selector at Mullengandra, Mr. Petts, suggests that his brother free selectors all over the colony should be invited to subscribe towards a handsome testimonial in money to be presented to the Hon. Mr. Robertson in acknowledgment of his services in originat- ing the present Land Act, under which so many thousands of industrious agriculturists have been settled over the country. There can be no doubt that the Land Act has en- abled large numbers of persons to surround themselves with comfortable homes and pro- perties who would otherwise have been unable to get a freehold farm, and a good illustration of this is shown in the case of Mr. Petts himself. That gentleman informs us that just before the Land Act came into ex- istence he was wandering about this part of the country, with a draft for £800 in his pocket, on the look out for a suitable invest- ment for his limited means. Nothing offered itself to his choice until the passing of Robertson's Act enabled Mr. Petts to become the owner of a free selection, on which he is now doing well. It is proposed that the sub- scription shall be commenced in the Albury district after next harvest, and that a public meeting be then called for the purpose of organising the affair, and inviting the free selectors of other agricultural parts of the colony to join in the movement.—Albury Banner. THE GOVERNMENT OF NEW SOUTH WALES OBTAINING MONEY UNDER FALSE PRETENCES ! —Not a bad joke comes to us from Gunning. When the police magistrate of Goulburn was there on his last monthly visit, the senior constable desired to lay information against several residents for not registering their dogs. However the police magistrate told the officer that the Dog Act had never been extended to the town of Gunning. The con- stable said that there was provision made in the Towns Police Act for dealing with the cases ; but it turned out that the only pro- vision respecting dogs was in cases where they attack people. The worthy officer was therefore obliged to content himself with saying that if the law were not as he sup- posed, it ought to be. It seems that ever since Courts of Petty Sessions were established at Gunning, some four or five years ago, the townspeople have been in the habit of regis- tering their dogs and paying the prescribed fee, which the clerk of the court has duly sent to the Treasury, where it has been re- ceived and acknowledged. It would be interesting in a small way to know whether each of the persons who have thus paid can or cannot maintain a criminal prosecution for obtaining money under false pretences against any officer of the Government ; or whether, by actions at law, the amounts illegally received can be recovered.—Southern Argus. 