THANKSGIVING FOR THE RECOVERY OP H.R.H. THE DUKE OF EDINBURGH. Tho Bishop of Sydney ha« issued tho following Praters" and Thanksgirings to ho used on Sunday next, ond for soven days thereafter, Thoy aro printed by Messrs. J. Cook and Co., whoro copies may be obtained: Tills I'rnyer to be used a fur the General Thanksgiving i " O Almighty God, who art a strong tower of défonce Tvith'Thy servants'against tho face of their enemies, ¡wo. yiolu Theo praise and thanksgiving for Thy imorcics recently vouchsafed to t*io Duko of Edin- burgh, 'in' restoring him to health and strength. Wo giv» Theo humble and hearty thai.ks that Thou didst graciously deliver him from the creal danger and peril to which he was oxposed ; and wo pray Theo to continuo Thy loving kindn ss unto him, and to pro- long his days upon earth, that ho may livo to Thee, and bo an instrument of Thy glory, by serving Theo faithfully a"d doing good in bis generation. "Grant this, O Lord, for Thy mercies* sake in Thy Son, our Lord Jesus Christ, who liveth and reignoth with Theo and tho Holy Ghost, world without end. Amen." Is the Communion Ferries this Trayor ta bi .used instead of tho Collect for tte Queen. " Almighty God nnd Heavenly Father who hast in all ages shewed forth Thy power and mercy in tho gracious deliverances of Thy Church, and in tho pro- tection of them that put their trust in Theo: wo yiold Thoo unfeigned thanks and praiso as for Thy many other great and public mercies so especially for thai signal and wonderful deliverance vouchsafed to Thy servant the Duke of Edinburgh from tho recant traitorous attomptupon his life; and aa we do this day most heartily and devoutly adore and magnify Thy glorious name for this Thy groat goodness vouchsafed to us, so wo do most humbly beseech Tboe to continuo Thy grace and favour towards us, that no such dumal calamity, may over again fall upon us. "Strengthen tho hands of our Gracious Savoroign Queon Victoria, and oil that aro put in authority under her, with judgment and justice to cut off all workers of iniquity. Protect and defend our Sovereign Lady tho. Queen with the «bolo Boyal Family from all treasons and conspiracies. Bo unto her an helmet of salvation, and a strong tower of defence egainst ,'the face of all her enemios; clothe thom with shame and confusion, but upon herself and her postority lot 'har.crown for over flourish. SJ we Thy poopla, and tho shcop of Thy posture, will give Thee thanks for over, and will always ba'showing forth Thy praiso from generation to generation, through Jesus Christ, our only Saviour ond Redeemer, td whom, with Theo, O Father and the Holy Ghost, bo glory in tho Church throughout all ages, world without end. Amon," ' FIDE AT REDFEBS.--Botween 8 and 9 o'clock lost night flames were seen issuing from tho roof of the stables of Messrs. Woods, Shortlands, and Adair, railway carriers, situated in Bullanaming-strcet, and behind tho house of Mr. Coombes, Botaoy-slroet, Red-' fern. Tho unpor portion of tho stables, a large wooden' .building containing accommodation for about twenty horses, was filled with bay, a large supply having .recently boen laid in by tho firm. At tho timo tho ,flro broko out there wero seventeen or eighteen horses ia tho stalls, all of which wore got out safely ; a con Bilorablo quantity of hay was saved, and tho drays on 'tho premires removed out of danger. Tho building was a detached ono and tho fire was soon subdued by ¡tho firemen. Tho engine ci the Volunteer Company No. 1 took up the first position, but Na 2 Company got first water. Tho Inauranco Brigado'a manual waa also on tho «round, and water being obtained from' the woll of Mr Coombes, romlorod material aid in extin- guishing tho fire. It hal not transpired whothor any policy of insurance existed, j THE LATK Bisnor OF OIIAPTO:*.- Tho Clarence and ¡Richmond Examiner, referring to the tragical death of tho lota Bishop of Grafton and Armidale, rays that amongst othor telegraphic messages of condolence ¡forwarded from Sydney when tbs sad intelligence became known, there was ono from H. RH. the Duke ¡of Edinburgh, who was then, of course, lying wounded and in* pain. j ACCIDENTS.-Mr. Mack, grocor, of Parraraatta-st'oot, whilo employed in tho rear of Ms promises, yesterday, ¡stacking empty caaes, sustained a severo accident, Uno ¡of tho piles fell upon him, and boforo ho could be ex- tricated ho was nearly suffocated, an t suffered somo serious contusions. Aboy turning a aomorsault on tho Ipavomont fracturod his orra in two places. I FsstAs SnrrATitT ix QOEEHSLAHD.-Tho Queens- land Guardian of March 25th says:-Ono of tho iwarderi employed nt the'St. Helena Ponai Establish- ment hos bu-n dismissed by tho authorities for having ¡expressed sympathy with Fonlons. ' This will bo satis- factory intelligence to all loyal colonists, as it shows that tho Government are determined to crush treason and disloyalty on thoir first appearance amongst us, Mr. T. P, HiLi.-This gentleman's last leoturo'on brain-printing' was delivered in' tho Oddfellows' - Hall, Newtown, last ovoning. Mr. Rolleston, tho Auditor General, presided. Tho mannor in whloh Mr; Hill' ¡handlod Iiis subject, and tho wonderful' rapidity with which ho answered quostlons involving great power of .memory, struck tho aUdlenco willi rurpriso, and elicited jhearty1 and woll'doiorvod rounds of applause. Mr, jllill supplemented,' by request, ' his braln'prlnting jporformancca, with two readings, viz., tho " 1) atti of ithe Collier's Child" and tho comic hiatorv of " King: John and tho Abbot of Canterbury." "These were' rendorod in Mr.; Hill's * be<ti? ma'niior, and'werai thoroughly npprcolatid. In thanking; tho audience for th» warra reception he had oxperionced; Mr. 'Hill1 intimated 111* intention of shortly voluming to Sydney for tho purpose of bringing the arts.of brain printing,' olooutlon, and short-hnnd very prominently before tho public. We understand that Mr.' Hill intends to leave' for Melbourne in tho ; City ; of ' Adolnidb this afternoon, OnicitnT.MATcn.-A motoli came off on tho 17th instant, » botween Campbelltown and Camdon, . Tho day wus vor. fino, and a good number of spectators av somblod to witness, tho sport. Mr. Hurloy, junr.. who played in thu mutoh, expressed.o. wish ithati tho game would not bo plnyod that day, in consequence of tho lato outrage on His Royal Highness the Duko of Edin- burgh ; .but as a little troublo had boon takon to bring about tho match, and as the Prince was' uaw re- covering, they all agreed to lot tho, match como off. Thc* result was that Campbelltown won in ono injjfnga |wjtlí'-ii^otMarungoorfufy"^ " '', >: ?. ;' ' " ' ' ''.(! .'.''.O "'/< )' I j 