THE MOUNT GAMBIEE LANJ> SALE.-The following is the letter referred to in 0.ur telegram of Tuesday last, which appears in the Register: 'k Judging from recent communications which have bt-en made to you in reference to the late land sale at Mount Gambier, it appears that the less A person is ACQUAINTED with the subject the more confidence he can write with. I should not haye troubled myself by allud ing to the various reports that have been in circulation HAD^ you not given some colour to them by the allusion made in your columns this day by a person writing- under the name of " Candid.*' He states-'- The result, there fore, of the last land 6ale is that some 15,000 acres of land, described as good clayey loam, have been sold to a few agents at a very small advance on the upset price, and the farmers will shortly have to purchase it of those agents at £3 or £4 an acre." You will see he speaks positively as to the value of the land thus leading his readers to infer that he has' authority for what he says. To show how little his itatement is to be depended upon, as also how little reliance can be placed upon the other reports that have obtained publicity I enclose extracts from two totally independent reports made by practical farmers whom I employed to examine the land, thinking of making an investment on behalf of some agriculturists whom^I ,was desirous of assisting They are as follows.:- . .TT, , " PENOIA, April 3, 1868. I have been oyer the land in Joanna. IT is too dear at .the upset price, too wet and sandy, and very BO^Y in winter. It is not -fit for cultivation, and if-.my one will purchase 1 on speculation, he WILL not get rid of it in a hurry:" * Penoia, April 13, 1868. According to your instructions, I rode over and examined the laiid numbered in your map I.have to report that jthe land is only fit for sheep, consisting of stringybark, sand, and heath. JT is no landlto make money by. I rode carefully over it, and if there were even the smallest amount of good land it could not escape me." "It took me three days to examine it closety." . The land examined and there reported upon embraces 9,137 acre*, or about two- thirds of the entire quantity submitted and sold so that you can form a pretty correct idea as to the amount of loss the Government have suffered in parting with such And as to the probability of " Candid's" san guine ideas being rea show the original let and at a pound an acre. iized I shall be happy to ers from which the above extracts have been tdken either to yourself or any other person whtj is desirous of obtaining legitimate informatio I." ° COMPLIMENTARY ©INNER.-A complimen tary dinner was given to Mr. 0. Skipper, Clerk of the Local Court, Port MacDonnell, on Tuesday last, prior to his leaving that place for his new appointment at Penoh. , We understand Mr. John Dunn, late mem ber for Mount Barker, is now at Mount Gambier. Mr. Dunn. has been making the tour of the district. J FOOTBALL CLUB.-On Thursday evening last a meeting of the football club was held at McKay's Hotel. Mr. J. Forrest in the chair. Several new members were admitted. The rules of the Melbourne Football Club, as to play, were adopted in their entirety, and rules of a local character to govern the club were appended thereto. The name of the club is to be "The Mount Gambier Football Club." A committee was appointed to carry out the regulations governing the club, one of whom Mr. Masters was, ap- pointed Secretary and Treasurer. The names of the members are Messrs. Forrest, Symon, W. W.Williams, S.Lord, McGugan, Elphick, Bruce, H. Barrett, G. Watson, Masters, Byass, A. F. Laurie, and G, Harris. The Committee is composed of the following members:-Messrs. W. W. Williams, McGugan, H. Barrett, G. Watson and J. Masters. ROAD BOABD.-The next sitting of the Local-Boad Board will be held at Penoia on the 28th inst. PISTEICT CoUNCiii.T--There will be a meet ing qf the District Council Mount Gambier West, on Thursday next, "aV four' o'clock p.m. ' .. THE CANDIDATES.-Mr. John Eiddoch left here for home yesterday, as also did MR. I Jf. K. Hughes for MacDonnell Bay, with .the view of proceeding to Adelaide per Penoia. Of Mr. West's movements nothing IS K'QOYVN except that he is supposed to have joined the ministerial party at .Kingston. AGQICOXTPBAL SocrETY.--A jneeting of the Couimittee of the Moupfc Gambier Agri cultural and Horticultural Society is' con-: ven'ed for this afternoon at 4 p,m, TEXJTH AND PBOGRESS.-We have received the May number of this publication, which is of A very readable character. It is pub lished in connexion with the Baptist Church of South Australia, and apart from the in telligence more "especially connected with that body, it BREHL£esa very catholic spirit. WQEEOLONG-- ;SCBLQOL.-A soiree in con LECTO'EE.-On Wednesday evening a lec ture tras deliveied in the Oddfellows' and Foresters' Hall, by the Rev. J. Medway . Subject" The true story of certain ghosts I have seen." The Hall, considering it was the eve of the election," was very fairly ^ filled by a highly respectable, attentive, and appreciative audience. Ihe lecture was a surprise to nearly the whole of thg audience, for in stead of the conventional ghost of the stage, the mouldering abbey, or < the grass-grown church-yard- which the 3^ev. lecturer very properly pooh-poohed,--wie were introduced to a series of ghosts, not visionary.and im palpable, but a good substantial article which, every one of the auditory was -acquainted with,, and might recognise or not, as his own familiar, open to the withering sarcasms of the lecturer. The chair was filled/by Mr. A. Billing, who apologised for the non- at tendance of Mr. John Riddoch from indis; position. Mr. Cornish, with his usual ability, presided at the harmonium, and several pleasing pieces of music were, at intervals, sung by the choir. The Rev. lecturer having given a light and krausing description of the conventional ghosts he had- enoountered in his youthful days, proceeded with a power ful and telling description of the real and much more to be dreaded ghosts of Society, to be found more or less in every house, amongst individuals apart or collectively, and to be utterly eschewed. The first of the series was " Mrs. Grundy," so well-known in social life j who has not been daunted in his or her proceedings by the remark, " What will Mr3. Grrundy say?" "They say" was the next paraded, and pointed out by the lecturer as a . ghost of -very bad ^propensities, one indeed utterly to be avoided, whose very breath was slander. Then fol lowed "To-morrow," the offspring of pro crastination ; if, said the lecturer, anyone promised to do anything for him on . the morrow he generally considered it would never be ? performed. The well-known ghost, "Long Credit," was next put through his facings, with a recommendation from the lecturer not to give that; particular ghost too. much credit, notwithstanding his plausable appearance. Three other 'ghosts were grouped together, like the weird sisters in Macbeth, " It can't be helped," " That'll do," and " You don't know," who received anything but a favourable character from their interpreter. The last ghost who made his appearance, the lecturer especially en joined young men to avoid, for by him were they especially haunted; this ghost was " A short l.fe and a merry one." In conclusion the Rev. lecturer remarked that talking of ghosts of the conventional stamp, ho would rather meet the most savage ghost that had ever been described than a bushranger. The ghosts he had described that night were the ghosts to be dreaded and he would tell them how to exorcise them, to have a clear con science and faith in Christ and the ghosts would go somewhere else. The Rev. lec turer was warmly applauded during the lecture, and at its termination. The Chair man proposed a vote of thanks to the lecturer, the Rev. Mr. Day, for his very able lecture, which was carried unanimously with applause.. In returning thanks, Mr. Day said his thanks were due to thera for their kind attendance, and proposed a rote of j thanks to their Chairman and the chpir, I which having been carried, the audience j sang the National Antliem, and separated, i POLICE COTTBT.-The adjourned cases 1.1 S. Carey v. J. D. Sutherland, and AlcCuspiek v. Hellyer will be resumed this morning (Saturday), at 11 o'clock. TELEGBAEHIC FACILITIES.--We observe that the telegraph authorities are willing to ! forward messages from Adelaide and various ? South Australian stations, between the hours of 10 p.m. and 6 a.m., on notice beiog given and double rates paid. The same rule .will . apply to Sunday, except that a deposit must be made at the time of giving notice. Register. ' ? i . , ::! BQAED OF EDUCATION-At the last meet-! ing of the Board of Education a letter was received from Mr. C. Gralie. on behalf of the , trustees of the Square Mile Schdolbouse, Mount G-ambifer, stating that the building j was rapidly approaching completion, and asking the Board for the promised grant-in aid. Request to be complied with, on re ceipt of the usual guarantee. Also a letter from Mr. R. B. Penny stating that the sehoolhouse at Border Town was completed, and that the Committee had paid £100 on the building. A debt of £23 still remained, which he hoped the Board would assist in paying; and he asked that a salaried teacher might be appointed. The Board could not comply with the request as regarded the building, because it was not of the proper character. With reference to a teacher, application must be made in the ordinary way.. THE MINISTERIAL VISIT.-Speaking of the visit of the three members of the Ministry to the South-East the Express says:-" W^e understand that the Treasurer, the Commis sioner of Crown Lands, and the Commis sioner of Public Works leave town to-day on a visit to the South-Eastern District. With such a lot of puissant sportsmen the kanga roos will have to keep a sharp look-out. We have not heard whether the Ministers intend " zig-zagging" the country, as their prede cessors did, but we would only throw out the suggestion that the "Caves" form a fine scene for a convivial piGnic." TEETOTAL LECTUBE.-We direct attention to the fact that Mr. R. D. Bannister, a gen tleman from Victoria, is to lecture under the auspices of the Mount Grambier Total Abstin nence Society on " Alcohol-^its use and abuse," in the 0. and F. Hall on Monday next. Mr.' Bannister is highly' spoken of as a lecturer by our Victorian contemporaries. REMOVAL OF PEISOITERS.--Yesterday three prisoners were removed from Mount Gram/ | bier gaol to be transmitted per steamer. Penola to Adelaide in accordance with .their, j sentences, viz. : - Adam Carrison, three; j years; Alexander White, twelve months ; and Mary Ward, three years. The .priso ners were , under , the esoort of two of the police. *r' .O. B. FLAT.-A meeting of the inhabitants of the Flat took place ou Tuesday night' to ' take into consideration the state of the' school-room. Nearly all the heads of fami-' ,lies were present, when it was resolved to" add ten feet to the length of the schoolroom, re- shingle the whole building, and also dig a well for the use of the teacher. Subscrip tions were at once, promised to cover the whole cost of these improvements, and tenders were ordered to be called for the erformanoe of the work at once* It will e seen by our advertising columns that tenders axe inyited to be sent in by Monday, the 18th inst. MR. LOUDON H. McLEOD.—Mr. McLeod, the late lessee of Nalang, in the Tatiara District, died somewhat suddenly on Saturday, at his residence, North Adelaide, and his funeral took place on Monday, the 4th. inst., when his remains were conveyed to West- terrace. Mr. McLeod's decease not having been looked for, the number of those who testified their respect was smaller than would have been the case had it been otherwise. The deceased was a colonist engaged mainly in pastoral pursuits during a residence of 29 years in South Australia, and had made many friends. Mr. G. R. Debney conducted the funeral arrangements, and three mourning- coaches, with six other vehicles, conveyed a number of personal friends, amongst whom were Messrs. Primrose, Parr, Cullen, England J. Scott, H. Noltenius, A. Hayward, Beresford, R. Smith, and others. The Rev. J. Gardiner officiated at the grave.—Register. PRESENTATION.-Mr. Browne, S M., has; been presented with, several farewell m ad dresses, and a liandsome tea and coffee ser vice .by.. the inhabitants of Kapunda-the occasion, being his leaving that place for. Mount Grambier. ' . FOOTBALL.-A match, at football will b$ played this Afternoon upon the usual ground,, and as the members of the Club are rapidly increasing, probably the match, will come off in full force. THE PJBESENT AND THE LAST ELECTION*. -.The following comparison between the numbers .polled at the present, and at the, last election in 1865 may be interesting to some of our readers : Mount Gambier Port MacDonnell Penola Narracoorte Border Town Eobe Kingston... Wellington The Total .. exact number I860. 351 82 84 113 24 105 25 44 (say) (say) 1868. 489 58 . 105 86 24 132 52 44 778 985 who polled at Border Town and Wellington are not yet known, here, so we set them down at what they were in 1865 which, will probably be near the mark. In the last general election the re sult stood thusGordon, 378; Riddoch, 370; Stow, 367. 