RELIGIOUS AXD PHILANTHROPIC. LONDON MISSIONARY SOCIETY. The aunual meeting of the South Australian Auxiliary to the London Missionary Society was held in the Ilindmarsh-square Congregational Church on Tuesday evening, .-entcniber 2!*. There wii3 a very small attendance, and Mr. li. A. Tarlton presided. The meeting having been opened by singing and prayer, The Chatrmas observed that they had met as friends and advocates of the London Missionary Society, and also as friends and sypjtbizers with evary kindred Society with a like object to their pwn-tha overthrow of superstition and overturn ing of error, and the establishment of the king dom of God in righteousness among-t the nations of the world. Amongst the wonderful events of that nineteenth century none had been more pregnant with - results than the esta blishment of Missionary Societies. Towards the close of the last century a few faithful men scattered a handful ot corn amongst the nations of the earth, full of fear and doubt that that which had grown up into vigour in the colder climate of Britain woulu prove but a sickly exotic in the warmer clime3 of India, Africa, and the Pacific. From that handful of seed, however, they were reaping a mighty harvest in the glorious results which now characterized the labours of the Christian misssionary. They had now nine great Societies representing the evan gelical Churches of Great Britain, with an annual income of over jECOD.OOO. There aUo appealed a greater readiuess on the part of Christian Churches to raise the sinews nf w?r than at any previous period of missionary history. Five great Societies, especially during the years 1867-S. a period of commercial depression, showed a considerable advance in the amount of their subscriptions. This year the Church Missionary Society had an income of £157,268, against £150.35(5 the previous year, being an increase of jE8,9:K. The ^Yes!e5Tan .Missionary Society showed an in come of £149.371. against £148,M in 1S67; an increase of £L2.U, The Society for the Propaga tion of the Gospel in Foreign Patts had an income of £14S,4S0, against £SLlS-i the previous year, being an increase of £23,374. The London Mis sionary Society showed the largest increase of any, its income in 1S8S being £111,306. against £70,059 in 1867— an increase in one year of £31.3-17; whilst the Baptist Missionary society's income in 1868 wa3 £31,912. agaiust £30,103 in 1857— an increase of £4,807. The total increase in the five Societies was £6S,£87. In spite, however, cf these facts, there were not. wanting intelligent men who doubted whether modern missionary results were proportionate to the outlay; hut he maintained that if the London Missionary Society had achieved no greater results than they had in Polynesia and Madagascar, it would have more than compensated for the expen diture of money and loss of life which bad been incurred. (Applause.) He then referred to the fact that although in Polynesia their labours had been amongst a simple-minded people, in India they had had to deal with an educated people, with an able literature, tens of thousands of prie t?. and gorgeous temples aud ceremonies, aud said, in answering the question, What has been done amongst the-e ISO millions of immortal British sub jects? tbat he looked more at the indirect results of missionary work. Dr. Mullins, Secretary to the Society at home, and an able statist, estimated that there were over. 200.C00 converts in British India; and although this number might appear small compared with the actual population, it must be remembered that the majority of them were men, because the greatest difficulty was found in gaining access to female society. Amongst these converts there were a considerable number of in telligent men who had been ordained as native teachers, and abundant testimony was given- that many of them were able and gifted men; besides these, they had schools, a free Press, tract and Bible circulation, and a silent work was being carried on, the results of which they could not estimate. Sir Arthur Cotton, an eminent officer of Engineers, speaking at the annual meeting of the Society at lome, bore testimony as to the soundness of Missionary Societies and their practical results in India, and also to the fact that the foundations of Indian superstition were breaking up, and that very speedily there would be an overturn w liich. would startle the nations of tho earth, and much would depend upon the Colonial Churches, in common with the f arent Society, as to whether they would be equal to the great emergency before them. The Free church of Scotland had recently sent out two of their ablest meu to enquire, amongst other matters, as to the working of tbe various. Missionary Societies, and Dr. Norman McLcod, one of these, bad given distinct testimony on this subject, and had direct evidence given turn of the profound respect which was en tertained by the Hinduos for the missionaries. Within the hit year or two also the educated ladies at Calcutta had professed a willingness to receive instruction at the hands of missionaries' wives, and this was now being given them. These were facts, and if they only took the interest in them which they deserved they would have had a crowdi.d itudieuce instead of such :i small gather ing. Many of them took more interest iu the upsand downs 1 cf ministerial life in the colony than in this pij:aniic movement, which affected the destiny of the millions of India ami of all others living in heathenism; but, although they could point to these 2U0.0OO converts, this direct result was not to be compared with the great unseen work which was lieiug carried on. (Applause.) The llev. C. \V. LvAjf. Seiibr Secretary, then read the subjoined aanual report:— ' The Committee of the South Australian Auxi liary to the London Missionary Society havd much pleasure in presenting to its friends and supporters the tittli annual report. They would devoutly acknowledge the encouraging measure of divine blessing which has thus far attended the labours of the Auxiliary. ' It is customary on tfiis occasion to make some refeience to the operations of the Parent Society. Those operations have, during the past year, pos sessed unusual inteiest At the beginning of the year heavy financial difficulties piesaed ou the Society, which occasioned great anxiety; but in response to earnest appeals the many friends of ih.e Society in all parts of the world rallied to iu lelp, and at the dose of the year the Directors ffere In a position to present as favourable a lalanci sheet and as encouraging a statement sf general operations as at any previous period in ihe history of the Society. The financial etn Jamusment-i which were so painfully feit at tha wmmencument of tlie year, while they stirred up ;he frien-is of the Society to moTe liberal efforts on its behalf, led the Directors to take into special consideration the modes and character of its iipeuditure. aud in consequence changes have jeen etiected in the system of paj ments which are likely to prove hi .'lily conducive to the elhciency uid usefulness of the Society. -One of the notable events of the year has been ;he removal by death of the Hev. Dr. Tidman. for 17 years the Foreign Secretary of t!ie Society— an ?Uke which he iiiied with rare ability and devotion, vcver had the Society a better friend or a more faithful and efficient servant, and his n:ime will ever be prominently associated with its history. Full of years and of honours ha enteral into rest. ' On receiving tiie sad tidings of tlie loss of the aew John Williams the Directois addrsssel them selves to the question of securin.2 another ship. It was thought by so:na that owiiu U- the increase of commercial relations between the Australian Colonies a:sd the South Sea Islands the objects of the Society could be accomplished by moans of trailing vessels', and that tlie heavy expense of a missionary ship wa? unnecessary. To this the Directors, after a cartful consideration of the whole mitter, replied:—' So far as mere goods are concerned, there is no great difficulty in supplying about 20 out of the 27 missionaries of the Society who are labouring in the South Seas. But, besides supplying stores to their missionaries, the Society » carry ma on most important evangelistic work iu several small and isolated groups, as the Peari Lstmls, the Pearhyns. and Lagoon Islands, and in detached islands of the larger groups. These solated spots require to be regularly visited for the protection of the people, the encouragement of the teachers, for the supply of new men, medicines, and books. The vessels that may be hired are not always available. They are often far from suitable to th'u woik ; they are very deficient in that amount cf eomforc which on public duty the missionary brethren ought to enjoy. ? A ot seldom do they wish to go where the missionary finds no work, to stay at some places when his work is finished, and to 1 ave others when the work require* him to remain. Besides, evangelistic work is growing on our hands. The native Churches are strong, labourers are abun dant; the groups lying to the north and west arc more open than ever, awl the Directors are called upon to look fairly in the face a large extension of the South Sea Mission among 3fO islands con taining millions of people who are heathen Btill. .All - the objects desired through the entire' range of the* Society's interests '-and' the Society^ woik- can with ease tie secured by a vessal of our own. commanded by a truly missionary captain, officers, aud crew.' It was therefore resolved to provide a3 speedily as pos sible' another missionary vessel, but of much smaller dimensions than the last, experience having shown this to be necessary. Accoidingly arrangements were entered into at the beginning of the present year for the building of a barque of 230 tons, at a cost of £5,000. The Society is not under the necessity of appealing to its juvenile friends for contributions towards this object, the insurance money of the wrecked vessel being more than sufficient to meet it Tlie new ship is nut to be a third John Williams; she is to bear the more euphonious and ' not less appropriate name of Samoa. She is to leave England in October, and will probably be in these waters by the end of the year. Her service* are urgently needed. May lie whom the winds aud the sea obey protect her! ' Another interesting circumstance of the past year has been the formation of a Young Men's Auxiliary in connection with the Parent Society, comprising araoug its aims tbe awakening of mis sionary zeal, the diffusion of missionary intelli gence, and the raising of an annual guinea by each meuilwr in aid of the fund3. The movement was publicly inaugurated in .Exeter Hall in December last, and it has met with a hearty response in all parts of Britain. In May last the number ol members enrolled was nearly -J,ijOO. The pecuniary aid thus secured to the -Society will be considerable, but more valuable results may be anticipated from tbe organization. 'Ths most interesting event in connection with our Auxiliary during the year has been the visit of our missionary, the Hev. S. MacfarUne. As might havi been expected from the high place which he had earned for hinnelf in the estimation of our Churches, lie was received with great warmth and cordiality; and your Committee ttust that much good will result from his presence and labours among us. The time was unfavourable for evoking tae uoeranty ot me (Jiiuteiies, tne failure of the | harvest being theu most painfully realized Our | brother was indefatigable in his exertions to serve j the cause of his Master during his visit; and 1I13 ? seed scattered by him will doubtless be found after ! mnny diys. In communications received from '- him and Mrs. Mac'arlanc since their return to Lif u. they express the great satisfaction and delight which their visit to t'te colouy has givsu them. ' One pleasing incident in. connection with that visit was the procuring a boat for the use of the ! Mission. Your Committee authorized Mr. Mac- i firlane to purchase a suitable boat in Melbourne, j which ha did at a cost when complete of £01. The j greater part of this money has been c .Hccted by a : few ladies from three conprejntions in the city, i Kespzctiug the lioat Mr. MacfarUuie writes: -'I : have visited one of inv out-stations in the Adelaide. She is a fir-t-rato fceaboat— aU tlias could be draired. 'Use nouns men are t-o delighted with it that two cf them left their houses the night beiote we started ou our voyage, and swaniotito the bout, which was anchored hear the shore, and slept en board.' ' Your Committee are glad to find that the pro spect of the Lifu Misfion. which has been so much darkened by the interference of the French and the Bomau Catholics, appears somewhat more favourable. Mr. Macfarlane writes:-' We find thnt during our ataen jb the work has been steadily and quietly progressing. Mr. aud Mrs. Sleigh have Been residing uere, tasting cuarpe 01 tne institution, j Tbe exterior of our new chutcn ia completed; it is i a beautiful, substantial, yet plain building, and ! will bold a thousand people. Haviug been built ! by professional men among the soldiers, n is, as J you may suppose, a superior structure. Although j the Governor has allowed the soldiers to assist the . natives in this building, ytt lie will not provide anything that caunot be got from this island, so that we shall have to find glass, paint, nails, &c.;' , Your Committee have thought it fit to vote a dona- \ tion of £20 toward this particular object. - 1 : ' It is gratifying to observe the part which the ! French soldiers have acted in connection with this j new sanctuary as cos:trii-ti:-l with their treatment i of the old building. The fact, however, is not to ! be overlooked that in Lifu. as in ell the Loyalty Island?, various anil vexatious restrictions are im- I posed by the French authorities on tbe free action of the missionaries. One of these is that the mis sionaries cannot appoint a teacher to any church or district till he lias been approved by tbe French Commandant and the chief of the district, and both agree that the appointment is necessary. This is a grievous violation of the liberty promised to the missionaries by the Emperor. Mr. Macfarlane writes :— ' The young man who was appointed to the station at Naeu is again in the institution awaiting the decision of the Governor. He ha3 been twice imprisoned for attempting to perform the duties.'of his office The Commandant will not give any reason why he objects tn his being a teacher.' On the subject of these French inter ferences in the Loyalty Islands, the Directors in London memorialized Lord Stauley, the Secretary of State for Foreign Affaiis, who, 111 consequence, represented the matter to the French Government, and a reply has been received to the effect that an enquiry into the whole case, is being instituted by the French Minister for the Colouies. and the Directors hope for a favourable icsult. 'In conclusion, your Committee would com mend the mission in Lifu to the continued sym pathy and prayers of the Churches, and would earnestly hope that the Word of the Lord, which has produced its divine fruits there in so large a measure, may still have free course and be further glorified in that island.' Mr D. Robin read a financial statement showing that at the last annual meeting the Treasurer had a balance in hand of £214 Us. tince then up to July :il other amounts bad been received, motmir ♦ »ia f/-t«il lnitntna for t)\n voflr i'RQtZ 17a Oil The expenditure had been £Ci- Iris. Sd., thus leaving a balance in hand of £71 Is. Id. lie men tioned that, although it hal been a year in which they could not expect to make- much progress, they had raised nearly £10J more than last year. (Applause ) The Kev. James Boxy moved, and the Hon. TH03. Key.nold.s seconded— ''That the report just read be adopted and printed.' - The resolution was carried. The Rev. i: \V. Cox moved, and Mr. C. SiiEDLEt seconded— 'That this meeting, recognising the important position occupied by the Loudon Missionary Society among tbe evangelical agencies of the day, rejoices in the improved state of its finances, in the growing efficiency of its operations, and iu its animating prospects of usefulness in all paits of the world.' The motion-was earned. Mr. \V. Braisr moved— 'That the following gentlemen be the officers and members of tbe Committee during the ensuing year:— Treasurer, 11. A. Tarlton; Secretaries, G. \V. Evan and l-. Eobin. Committee— Revs. F.Vf. Cox, H. Gaectham, C. \Y. Evan, 15. Griffiths, S. L. Harris, J. JeHeris, £. flaining. and J. Lyall, Messrs. A. Adarason. A. Hay. T. Frotf, H. Giles, M. (joode, J- ; Pickering, D. Robin, George Scrymgour, C. Smedley, G. D. Sketheway, and Jas. Steele. Mr. A. Hay. M.P.. seconded the motion, moving, as an addition, 'That a vote of thanks be given to the officers and Committee for the pa&t; year.' : ? . ? Carried unanimously. - A vote of thanks was then passed to the chair, on the motion of the Itev. Charles Hodge, seconded by the Kev. C. W. Evan, aud the meeting closett in the usual way. : : CttRBTCaURCtt SCHOOLROOM'. On Saturday afternoon, September 26, the feundaUon-alone of a schoolroom in connection with Chriitchoich was laid by Mrs. Hainley at North Adelaide, in the presence of a large number of ladies aud gentlemen. The site of the proposed new schoolroom is ou a plot of land in Jeficott street, imaiediately opposite the church. The building itself will be of a ue it design ; its dimen- « sious til) x 30 feet in the interior, and 25 high. It is to be constiucteJ of rubblestone. with brick dressings; the principal entrauce. which will be from Jellcott-&tretr;,wiil have a porch and verandah, with a three-liRht window above, and at the south east angle there will be a wooden bell-cote spire. The contractor, Mr. U-. Bra Hey, lias taken the work r.t aU»ut iiiso, and expects to have it com pleted in thiee months. The following financial statement was issued by the Building Committee :— Tender for ne* buildirp, a3 accepted.. (including cas and water and usual Architect's commissioD) ... ...£l,0J6 0 0 Paid for land ? ... ... jtJ-2 5 8 Estimated coat of forms, &c.; «.. , .;. = SO- 0 . 0 ' ' £1,228 5 8 Proceeds p£ bazaar held in 18G6 ' ... £63711 4 Subscriptions ? ... ... . 8 19 6 Estimated inoceeds from sale of pre- n gent schoolroom ? ... ; 90 0 0 Deficiency ? ... ... 491 14 10 £L25? 5 S 'The Committee hope to meet thia deficiency by collections made at the laying -ri the foundation stone and at the opening of the schoul: by a baziar, proposed to be held in the early pait 0? next ytar; and by subscription*, which will be thankfully received.' ? ' ' The place was gaily deoraled with flags for the occasion, and His Lordship the Bishop, accom panied by His Excellency the Acting Governor ami Mrs. Hartley, and a numb* of ladiee, entered. the enclosure at the time appointed. There were 1 ] ilso present the Veil. Archdeacon Marryat, the ? i Dean, llev. Canon Farr, and the ileva. D. J. H. ; fbDetsoa, W. IJ. Anirews (J. Dove. S. Green, E. 1 A. Jenkins T. 11. Seville. J. Pollitt. H. M. Pollitt, 1 and F. Garret. The children oi the Sunday school marched to the s;.ot in lirocesiiuu with : their bauners, ai;;l after the ccreuiotiy wai over escorted His Lordship and Mrs. Short back to Bishop's Court. The service was commenced by singing the 161th Hymn. The 122ud Psalm was then chanted, and prayer was oflereJ by the Arch deacon. The 127tti Psalm having been chanted, Mrs. Uamley came forward, and was presented by one or the architects (\Ir. Hamilton) with an ele^mt silver trowel bearing a suitable inscription. The customary formulas were then observed, and the stone lowered into its place, Mrs. Hainley declaring ic to be well and truly laid, using the words, 'In tlie faith of Jesus Christ ire place this foua.lation^tone, ia the name of the Father, the Sou, and the Iloiy Ghost.' A bottle was placed beneath the stone contain ing tlie usual article-; and the folio wiug document:— ?'The fouuJation-stono of Chrisbhiweh School was laid in the name of the Father, and of th^sror), and of the Holy VAiost, on Saturday, the 2&h; day of September, a.d. lies, by Mrs. - tuimley. wife of His Lxeellenvy the Acting Oxovernor, in the .32nd year of the reign' of Q teen 'Victoria, in the 22nd cf the Epi3«-paiO of Augustus, Lord liislup of Adelaide, and In the 32nd ot the foundation of the colony; Colonel llaralajr.&Hh; llegirajut (Queen's Own) be'mjf Acting Governor of this province; Charles ftlarrjat, M.A., Archdeacon of Adelaide, being lucumbent of Caristchurcu; J. Wmnall, J. S. Bellhouse, Wardens; T. \V. Mitchell, F. Wick steed, H. Gawler, Sidesmen : F. J. Sanderson, Bath, W. A. Hughes, and G. Young, Sjno'Umen; the Lord Dishop, M. MacDerm tt, U. Gwler. W. Hartley. F. J. sandersoH, Trustees. Of this school Archdeacon jlarryj?; Messrs. F. J. Sanderson, J. Wmnall, J. S. Hcllliouse were the Euil dng Com mittee; Messrs. Wright, Woods, & Hamilton, architects; G. Brailey, builder. God bless the Church. G'vl save the Queen.'' Prayer was then offered by His LouDsniP. While the 229th Hymn was being suns a collec tion was made 011 behalf of the buiidiiu fund, realizing about £31. Prayer was again offered by the AuciiDEiCfix. an-l the 221nd Hymtt— ' Eternal Father, strong w save'1— having been sung, Tbe Bishop remarked that he had double cause for thankfulness on that occasion, because of the arrival of those dearest to him, and tlisir de liverance from 'peril on the sea,' aud also because of: tbe auspicious circumstances under which they were assembled to lay the foundation stone of a school which might be the means of instructing future generations of young Aus tralians in those priiicip'cs which alone could secure them the 'promise of the-, life that now is, as well as 'of that' which is to come.' Godliness was the foundation of happiness, nnd without this there was 110 goodness. Ho did not believe in the power of intellect without goudi:ei-s to impart happiness or worl-lly success. ' He theu alluded to the words of the 122ml Psalm, which prayed for the 'peace of Jerusalem aud pleuteousuess within her. palaces.' .What was this world without peace within and peace without, and how could they expect any plecteouwess of blessings upon their effort*, temporal or spiritual, unless 'the peace of Uo:l' rested in their hearts, lie trusted such would lye the blessed result of that day's work in fouuJius tlie school. 'He whose vo'ce the water3 heard' and were stilled into peace could impart that same peace fulness to the troubled spirits of. men, and he trusted that God who had protected his wife aud daughter on the otean waves would give 'the peace which pisseth understanding1' to all tho«e assembled there. He hoped, too. that plenteous ness of grace and blessing wou'U attend the labours of love within those walls, ami ttut plenieousness of eaithly bkssin?s would fo.Iow on llie abumbnee of God's graci! shed abroad there. . He did not believe in i-rud|n;iity founded on anything but the fear and loiu of 'lod, and he trusted that the children there instructed in divine wisdom would prosper even ' as their souls prospered'' uudor the ministry of him v/lio, under the providence of God, ha 1 l-ctiii placed over thu spiritual charge of this parochial tii&trkt.; j Hi* LoRDsmi' then pronounced the benediction, awl the assemblage dispersed after three cheers for Mrs. Hamky. PRIMITIVE METHODIST MISSIONS. On Wednesday evening, Sept. 30, the aimual mect I ing of the above waa held in the Primitive Methodist j Cnai)t;l, Morphett-slreet. Mr. Cassel occupied tho chair, and thu attendance was smaU. After singing the Itev. T. Smith write offered prayer. TlieC'iiair I man, in a few remarks, introduced the llev. J. U. I Wright, who save a statement of the affairs and jiru3|/ciia ui buc .uiKtaiutt. nc ruin ui.ib.ui bill; people of his denomination were uiis-:kiturics if they tried to propajsits the Christian religion, which was their only object. AH could do their share, if it were only ibiug a little; and where there was a will for doiu^ good thete would 1« a way. He read fiom a book which lcvl lately been published in Ensdand the following figures to show that (iod was with them in their work as a denomi nation :— There were altogether !59,7flS mcrubers of tiu Primitive Methodist Couuexiun, which, indicated very rapid growth. The net increase last year was 4.M8. exclusive of 2.GUG deatlu. The liuuiber of travelling preaebcts -.vas 91S, and of local 1-1,020 There were 43.CI2 Sabbath-school teaclitr.-, and 2l7.!«tflsi:hol.'.rsattentfing the schools. The deuo miriatiuiial income for the year was jCM,0(!0. While this indicated very rapid growth, it also sl-owed solidity. Ihe muuibcr-t of the de nomination' in London intended to send two missionaries to Africa 03 soon as they coird lin-1 nuiaUe men, and he thought ii wa3 a most necessary work, as there were thousands of Europeans as ueil a3 negroes in that country who needed their efforts. He tinted that they would soon be sent. Cod had blessed them as a body in this colouy. Twelve years ago they were almost unknown, and now they bad churches all over the country. They had just sent a preacher (Mr. Thomas) to Mount Gambitr, and be was doinp a good work there. Many bad been addeil to the ChurelL and the cause was iirnRiierini?. Tney bad also scut a young uisn (Mr. Price) to Karracoorte. lie was a new man, but he had been made a blessing tlieie, mid lie was partly supported by the people. Tiie Kev. T. Brai'.hwatte said that tliuir work was uu impotUnt warfare, although some spoke very ligluly tf it. It was a difficult work, and they hart lo contend against enemies who were numerous and weighty. lrifty- eipht years :-uo there were only 10 members in connection wiih their Church, und ihtir great increase w:;s ovcin^ to the fact that tbeir mitiistcis had well wielJed the sworl of the Spirit, and the people were a praying people. Their forces needed to increase b.-th in mim!-m ami in ciiicicncy. He trusted that there world bcag-x;d collcciou. A collect'ou v/as ma-le, which w.t!;2j.l 13*. llJiL A vute of thanks was accorded tu lite Chairman, and j the meeting closed iu the customary ir.uaaer. THR Orphax Hou&— .An entertainment of a musical and elocutionary description was jiiven on Tuesday - cvenii;?, J-cptember 29, at White's Kooni, under the paltonujjc of His Excellency and Mrs. liamley, ths olject beius to assist in laismg funds for the benefit of the Orphan Home. The attendance was very large, the iia'.l being ucarly full. Tlie procranirae was divided into three parts, and the performers were mainly young men connected with St. Paul's Literary Society, assisted by lady amateurs and Chapman's Band. Some well-known names ap peared ou the programme, and, as rnisht be ex pected, there was satisfaction shown mainly with the performances of the bettcr-traiucd portion of the company. One lady soloist gave evlri.ir.ee of the possession of a fine voice, fairly cultivated, and another succeeded much better in low note? than where nearing the upper end of the scale. Iu the literary portion of the eveni-g's amusement there was a good muster of those who uriiiht apparently have been described in the bills as ' appearing publicly for the first time.' It would ' ba harsh, however, to criticise where services were readily and gratuitously rendered in the support of a mo3t laudable object. Iu the case, however, of seve.al more ' private .practice'' would brinz them iieuer per fection. The choruses were effeutivoly and in places even brilliantly rendered. Ths pro gramme, which opened at half- past 7, close d at to late an hour-ll o'cloik-a very common fault in amateur entertainments. Several nlio took part in me Closing piece atur.ed in a great measure for ilefects eatljer in the eveiiLg, and '-.ttii,' the '?Orphan Giri,' talked like a book, proving Hint she was not 'Good for nothing.' The lar^e auJience separated in guml humour produced by the finale, and trie monetary ie.-u'ts of the Boiiee should, -we imagine, be cratiftinc to the promoters as well as the managers of il.e charity. Komax Catuouc Scaooi3 Frarjv il — On Friday, October 2, the festival of the U iiirdun Angels was held in St. Xavier's CatltedrJ. The children from the various Catholic ix-hoote in the city, and from the Port, Uowdcn, Norwood, aud Glen Osmond, under the care of their teachers, were present, lu the morning there was a genual reception of tlie Holy Sacrament at High Mass by the children who vere of age to receive it. The cathedral choir saux Moz-jut's First. Mass. Tlie communicants then proceeded to .St. Xavicr's Hall, where they were entertained with a substan tial breakfast provided by the Sisters of St. Joseph. The children then marched to the North -Park Lands, headed by the Drum and Fife ttand of the Guild of St. John the Baptist, which, we may mention, is entirely composed of young lads who have been in training since last June. After amusing themselves in various pastimes for about three hours, the children, who had by that time in creased to aboui l.OOii, returned in procession to St. Xavier'a Half, headed by the brass bind of St. Patrick's Temperance Association. The ciftct produced by the various banners aud streamers boms. by the children was pleasm?. On* their return to the Hall they were regaled with tea arid cake. - During the tea a commemoration ode in honour of the occasion, comj-or.eil hy one t-f the teachers, was lecited with creat effect by Miss Margaret McBride. The whole concluded with a discourse in the Cathedral on the 'Benediction of the Blcseed Sactament' by the Vicat- Ueneral (Father Smyth).' The children of the IJoman Catholic Orphanage, numbering 9), dressed in blue and brown, and carrying their banner with the inscription, *' My father and mother have left me,' were in -attendance, va were aUo the Provi dence children, diessed in blue and white chequered uniform, and carrying a banner with the motta 'God will provide.' BJBU3 CHM9TIAX CllAPEL, GUICHEN BAY.— Our correspondent, writing under date Sept. 11, says:— '1 att week was one ot great eveuU iu our township, commencing witli the teying the founda tion-stone of tbe Bible Christian Chapel by Mr. H. Seymour, of Kiiknoola. Tins ceremony took place at 3 o'clock on Monday in presence of a goodly company, 'ihe proceeding* commenced with the sirring of appropriate hymns aud reading a suitable portion of scripture and praver by the Kev. T. Beit, the resident minister; after which, Mr. Seymour made a few weil-choten remark*. He quoted a learned divine, who said tint all the figures in arithmetic could not complete the loss' of one human souL He hoped the building now com menced would, by the blessing of (iod, be the means of saving many. He thought the little money to be hid out well epent in such a cause. I He had lately noticed that a boy of 1 1 year* of age, before the Court at Mount Gambler, said he knew nothing of the existence of a Supreme licing. This was a sad state of things in the nine teenth century, and l:e trustej thy Sundar tchoo's in this township would take asaytudi a reproach fiom auiory.-t them. A tea meeting in connection with the r.'xive was held in the afternoon, and a public meeting, well a'tended, in the evening, brouplit t'n»;.-e in teresting proceedings to a close. Mr. Wi'liain Warren is the architect, and Messrs. Ila'.-s ami Sudiug are tlie builders of the chap::!, which i situated on nn allotment oi knd given l-y Mr. George Lend, of thia town, -froutin;. toward* C\im merciai-ioid, but lying well back from the street, . and ooposiie ths Caledonian Houl. The Bible Christians here are an energetic liody, as may be ! inferred from the fact that it is little more than 12 months since their first minister came here. They !»avo now a neat chapel in course of erection; uliich it is supposed will accommodate about .10) persona, ind their minister (Mr. Best) holds two sci vices here, and one at Mr. Seymour'*, Mount, Benson station, about 12 miles off, eieu Sunday.'' The Cut'KCa of England — We have before us » neafv-Printed pamphlet (Ko'terts, 58, Kint; nilJiam-street). i»tiui!ed 'A Brief sketch of the Kise of the Church of linalar.J; with some Obser \wtiim8 on its present Condition and Influence, .T the Hev. John Crawford Woods, B.A. Pi.b ished by request' The work is in the form of a lecture, and is divisible, a* may be seen from ihe title, into two parts. -){ them Ihe first h a dear and masterly piece of history, which cannot but be valuable; while the second couveys the opinions of the lecturer, who speuks of couise from his ovrn point of new, making, »b he says. **s-nne plain remarks upon 1 hingi of whkh he disapproves,' spirit of Chmtian charity.' Up n those portions which refer to the doctrines nnd fums of the Luurch of Jutland, it is not *ltliu cur power to express an opinion; but of the lecture Renerally we can only spsak in terms of approbation. CHB1BTCHURCH. Kapoxda.— On Sunday Scp trmlier 13, special service* were held nt Christ church, when the iie\r portion ti the buildiug was. formally opened for pnblic worship, on which occasion the Lord Bishop of Adelaide cf.iuhictVd the consecration service, and preached in tho morn inz n very excellent sermon. HU lx-idship in the course of his mnark3 state! that £5W- bail been subscribed towards the erection of the new pnrtiou of the buililitur, and he hoped that the lemainiftf debt, which ho was happy to say wa* comparatively small, would foon be cleared oft'. In tha evening the Incumbent -ihe Key. Jasper Smyth, M.A ) preached. On both occasions the attendance was very large, the church b?iiig quite fulL The choir sing with much effect; in the morning the anthem I will call upon the Litd,' and in the eveuitis ' Glorious is Thv name.' EpiscopaTj Church, Wiluosga. -j TI10 Epis copal Church has been thoroughly renovated out sidts «nd newly pointe«l, greatly addinu to iU apiiearince, which is that of an entirely new building.. The interior; which was roui;h btone, has Iwen plxstered and lined, and every other necessary repair eRtcated, Mr. Heniy Mulpos, the Church warden, having iidyanctd part of- the money. The building of the now chuich remains tn *to.'u quo unlil after harvest The Marble Altar at ViRtum.— A corre spori'tent writer: -'I'he beautiful nwble altai of tlie Church of the Assumption at Virginia vrm solemnly dedicated on Sunday, September20. At the same time there to--k jilaiv tho opening of the new chancel by ths Very 1'ev. Vicnr General, who preached the. sermon, and tho Hev. C H. Keyuolds preached in tho evening at benediction. This nltar is a beautiful structure, composed of five different kinds of miirWe, nml cost iiOl as it now stands. Mr. McMulleir, builder, of Adelaide, undertook the task of putting it together, and completed it in a very siti-favtcry manner. This is the first altar of thin discretion in the diocese, and it is certainly a work of urt.'' AUXIM.VKY HlBLE SOCIETY AT MOUNT BaREER. — A public meetmp, lield at the Fresb.Ueridn Church, Mount Bajfeer, on Tuesday, Sei tembcr 22, has rescinded the resolution for coutinuKg as a 1 'ranch, arrived at on the !Hh. us the result of a protest entered against the previous proceedings on the ground of irretiularity, \c. It has now been fully tleciiled to form a dMiiut auxiliary at Mouut Barker in direct correspondence with the Parent Society. Kext Town Jcbilkr Ciiurcit -Mr. T. O. Knglish mail as a contribution towards t!:c cn.4 1 f the transcM schoolroom at the Kint Town Wesleyan Jubilee (Jiiuich. SEVKSTII ASNIVEIHAUr OP KLINDKRS STUREr Baptut Chukcu.— A inontti'.i iiiecml services were recently held to commemorate the seventh year of the existence of ihu above Climch. It lias not been liie nracticc (us with nearly all other places of tvornli|i) to bold nniiiinl tea and public meetings in conneoti-ti with Klindcrs street Chapel, but it was decided to mako thin special. We hn\e no. bc-cti called uiiuti, t- clironic'c atuiu-.l pir.ieuliu?, an I wo now t'Jve a condenseil r-port, purily t.il.on from Die hist number of the denominational organ — ihu September number of ''Truth nnd Prepress.' A full report appears, but would be too Ioiir for tramfer to the columns of a secular newspaper. These services .begun on August 1, which wiis specially set apart, and a prayer n:eetini; wauiu-lir at noou. Uuriug the inmith simitar wcetiu^ were held each day from 7 tn half-p^t 7 run., and for about nn hour each evening. At the latter there were frequently dc'ivtrcd short addresses; those who spoke being the ltevs. J. Lyall. J. O; Wright, H. J. Lambert, W. 0. Ashton,N.J. Hotie.S. Mend. It. Parkin, J. Kcnnev, and Messrs. Keed, Basey, \V. Bilks, n;il J. N. Birka. On Sunday alter noon, the 14th, Ibo children of the Flinders -tt reel Piesbyttrian and the Flinders-street laptist ? Suuday-i-cliool met together in the chapel, mid .earni'st addresses were deliveied to the united bcIiooIs and a mrnlwr of friends hy the l'evn. J. Lyall and 8. Mead. On the 5ih th '? fcvcntli »iitiivcrs.ary of the for mation of the Church, those of the i$ original members who were ab'.e met together. Six only were .ibscnf, of whom one was in Koo.Innd, two at a distance, and l.v» were -!emi. In the After noon laws »w»b2M --,f vb'j membrs of the Baptist ChurchfH n'. Ij(-fevic-tcrrace. llm Tem perance Hall. AUi.'iton, mil T\'o woml, specially uivitcl. asssmblcd, as well a« otlu'in from a distaiici?, and ka wa.* provided. The Kev?. Lnmbtit, Hone, I'enncy, and Ashton were present, in addition to those who tuoke. Ad dressed were dulivcicd by the 1'cvh. -A. Vrrwl (fasto;\, U.Stnnekouse. nnd J. 1'rice, anl Mr. H. Fowler, the Kev. L». B-idger beiiig uuavoidub'.y absent. A uniicd roniimtuion was celebrated nt the close, to whicli wet 300 reivnintil. I From the bund-book of Flinders street Church- just printed, some particnhirs were presented. It appeared that in lii. uncial nmltcrs the 'envelope' plan had recently been .'Mloiitcd with success. There wa3 a small debt on tl-.c ('hnrch funds, and one 911 tli.' Jarid adjoining; but none on (he buildinsr. It was proposed soon to remove tho iicut. :.wx coiuruencQ a Bciiooliiouse uii'l manse, these leing greatly reiiuired. The Fundav-sclionl nurnbPicd 4H0 on the books, and grtat fioad bad lifcn d«.ne. City oii-sion wai being i-ustuiiu-d ly ; three laUnirers. twe of whom were fuppcrlcii by » pi-m-ri'iis fiiend. The requircineninof the dinlricts in West Adelaide were pressing upon them, mid they were Ifgiuniug to look forward to the erect inn of !- suitable O.-pel Hull. A friend litvl made a cnnditional - fiV-r of i'&jO; for this object. Tiie persons engaged in ruiss:on work nre tiro Uiole womeu and one city missionary. Eight 'ic;vjones- ea had lately been appointed, and eiuern were pro posed to act apart from the -!eacom. During tlie past year su ].M been added to the Cliutch. and 55 had removed, 23 of whom fotiiitui the new Church at Norwood, nnd Kevenil others could be similarly accounted for. The actual membership at present, after deducting the removals, was $!!? in place of the £0 fiist forming the Cl-urch seven years n£o. Numbers who had been members wi re now connected with Churches at a distance, or had gone to form othem. 'he sectional Bible and Un'ologicnl c'asFes, with the various other organizations of tbe ('hurch, were slated to be iu a prosperous and cflicisnt con di.ioii. The Stow Cudrch Masse. — The- Building Committee met ou Thursday nmrninu', tieotcm her 17. «t ihe Church, to couMdcr Hie various plans sent iu, and decide upon the most suitable. After carefully going over those offered,, it was agreed to r.cccpt the plans submitted by Messrs. Wright, Woo.]*, & Hatnillon, if the work could be carried out for the amount named, £l.lli). The louse proposEd to be erect ed will be two storeys, ten apartments of good dimension?, lofty aud cheerful, and there will lie bath-rooms aud every modern convenience. The architecture is Gothic, in keeping with the chaste style of the church, anil it will be built of Glen Osmond stone, with »hi'.e dressings, and in placeR coloured brick will be used to give effect lo the design. At tlie rear, stable, coachhouse, and offices— neot iu appear ance and convenient in ai r?ngement -will be placed. The plans have been referred Lack to the archi tects for a very slight rearnrnstmci.t of some of the rooms. The site to he occupied is the vacant space 011 the eastern side of the cl.urch, having a frontage of 72 feet to Flinders-street, with a depth of 118. The residence being located near the rout will leave abundance of room behini for the uture election of lecture and class room? to face ?he eastern entrance of Stow Church, aud ample »pproache-3 will be left to ' admit of free ict'ess to the -main building on one Ride ind schoolrooms on the other. Tho liuilding Joramittee and the Church have been induced to set about the erection of the manse because of the urgent necessity for the pastor being ici-iilent in the city, and they are building uow r ither than renting a parsonage as hitherto, because of tbe liilkulty in procuring a buitable house nf the re quired size and with Jeered conveniences iu a, centnd position. The Draper Memorial CHURCH.-We notice that the roof of this building has been on for some weeks, and the tower is being carried up. A great ornament has been added to the south-west portion of the city by the erection of this commodious and elegant sanctuary, whose outlines and proportions can be much better judged of now the work has progressed so far. The wants of a part of the city in which there is room for greater religious accom modation will also by the size of the building be to a great extent met. NEW CONGUECATIONAl, ClICBCH. — A small building has been erected at Mount Rufux, about seven miles from Truto, by the surrounding farmers as a place of worship The Kev. P. liair, of the Congregational Cbuicli, Tiuro. urcrichi'd 'yesterday, the first strmon in ihe ucw nuildiitg. Tea was jirorided in Ihe afternoon, of which about 100 persona partook. 