THE. MOOT CENIS RAILWAY. Mr Fell'* now railway over Mont Cenis is one of tho most remarkablo innovations in the engineering system of our age. Tbat great monntains might bo laboriously pierced by mile* of tunnels, or laboriously climbed every child. But ttntil lately the most daring engineer hardly conceived tbo idea of tig tog ging a train up tho sido of a mountain on roads which woald try'the'nerves of one drir* ing in a stage.coach, and weary tho limbs and affect tbo breath of a stout pedestrian. Yet this idea has not only been conccivcd, but carried out, and tbo public aro now travelling along tbo great high road which cro.'scs tho I pass of Mont Cenis by gradients which an ex perienced driver might well regard with op prehension, and along currcs which to the eyo appear only like stages for launching the passengers into fathomless space. At a rata of from twelve lo fifteen miles an hour trains ore crawling up tho sido«f the mountain, aud rushing down tbo opposite elope, twistingahd turning at tho most extraordinary angles, now coming' to a sudden slop aud folding back on themselves ..like gigantic, serpents, now Bceming to hang.over.a boundless abyss and as if a child's hand might dash them into nothingness, now .making their- way.. up a smooth slippery incline,: from which otio ex pects them cfery moment ti» roll jback into ruin and havoc, now diving -w.'tb-gentlb'and steady motion down hideous steeps, from which one ihuddcringly ,'iooks ft? them, to plungo impetuously forward till they bound over tbo uearest curve and aro dashed to frag ments a thousand feet below.'- 'But yet all is steady and easy, and over the mountain ridges tbo train passes as smoothly, as' punctually, as safely, as over tho 'plainest pleco of road ever laid by railwaycngineor. Sucb at least is tbo c'oso with tho trial trains that hove passed over hitherto; and sueh, if.wo. may judgo from tbeso experiments, is likely to be tbo caso with tho reciitar trains . which henceforth, until tho completion of tho tun* nel, will regularly travorse tho mountuin rail road orer tho summit of Mont Cenis; ' ' The plan is perfectly simple. ,A mid-rail is laid I between tbo two. rails which' eupport tho, wheels. This mid-rail is secured 1 with' the utmost strength, for on its stability tho safety, of tho train aud the passengers entirely, do- pendfcV Two wheels attached to tbo ohgino clasp'tbi{i'ro-l on either 'side, 'and io'llgbi'is the ombraco iu which they hold it that they can when set i» motion draw; a heavy' train up tho steepest incline,, or , when .checked, bring it to a standstill at a fow momcnU notice. Thus armed, depending on. tho effi ciency ofjhe wheels and tho strength of thoi mid'rail, tlio train. is. sont. up or down the mountoid side, whirlod along tho brink of curves with a facility truly ostbnishingf-.and without -denying thaOo line of; railway , so planned requires unusual carp, in its construc tion, or that an accidcnt.oecurring on it would bo' attended witiT'unusually tlFcadfui ? conso quonces,- thero is no reason- up to this time, to doubt that when proporly mado dnd pro perly worked,- buch a railway maybe jusi safe as any other.,.!// .This ' railway wilt meet a great, .tbongh I temporary v«int;». The pausgo, of this celc* ' brated mountain road is rendered both much lessjediousj.and ,wo beiievo muou- less peril ous, by tho now work. _ It is cot hero, how ever, that 'tbo' full benefit of success - is to bo reaped. ''In a few .years, six,. or perhaps ten, tho enormous tunnel, ,on which tho French and Italian Govuromonts havo been so .'long engaged, will probably bo completed, and'Mr Fell and bis coadjutors havo boQnd^tliiemsclvcV ?to' toko up, or cease, working their; line, \ji8 soon aa this still safer modo of communication between Italy and Franco has been completed. It sets an' example,' however, which -cannot bb lost'siglit :of. , Should the lino turn out as siiccessful arid a* 'safo as its projectors hope, and as tho preliminary experiments eeem to. reader probable, it will have proved tbe pos sibility of i36!ng what, unlila^feir months ago,' was never imagined, and wiil afford; an open*; j ing for .railway! communication in districts I where tlio wildest engineer would a year since, have laughed at tho idea of carrying, even tbo roughest tramroad.— Leeds Mercury. : . Ait'extrabr^inkry case of mistaken Identitr lias como to.our knowledge (says tbe Argus). About two months ago; a man 'wos. found dead or djlng in the rerandob of -a; housein llolbum. , At. tho inquest, subsequently held upon,tho body, a number of persons testified to its being that of a man namod- Collard, some of the witnesses stating thot'tbey had known' the deceased for a considerable period. A verdict of death from sanguineous apoplexy was returned,' and tho friends of tho .deceased in England wero written to, -informing them of tho event.. The day before yesterday, the man Collard appeared in Hotham olive, and |n bis usual health, .aftcr.somo months sojourn in the country. 'The., terror, of tho female member* of tbo- household where he; presen ted himself was extreme, until ho lidd satisfied themjho.was real flesh and.blood, and not a ghost.. This seems to havo boen: one of those curious instances of personal resemblance that orb sometime* read about ,in vovels or seenupOD tbe.stage/but. wbicb aro generally regarded as existing only in tbo imagination. 1 of fertile story-writer*, or ingenious drama tists. ;The*cue -^M-v«ported to the police y*stenlay, M'it'ii of some importanco for tbe , genuine Oollard to- estabiisb his identity, in' asmucb^ asbohW'Been in tho receipt of an annuity, 'which '-of 'course'' would havo been discontinued on tbe now* of bis supposed death, Ukdeetiib Sea; — Tho greatest depth to which a diver can dcsccad with the' present ; appliances in safety is about 160 feet, and for j this a burdon of ono hundred weight must be I disposed about bis person. Tho averago depth | at which ho can work comfortably is about SO : feet, which was near tho depth at which tbo 1 operations upon' tbo Royal Qcofgo wero con ducted. In water from CO to 70 feet deep, the mon can work for two hours at a time coming up for 10 minutes rest, and doing a1 day's wdrk of six or seven hours.' An English diver, cncajed in onoof St'obo'e dresses, went down in tho Meditcranenn to adcapth of 160 feet, and remained boro for 25 minutes ; and wo havo heard that Green, tho American diver, inspcctea awrecic in ono oi tno Cana dian lakes at a depth of 170 feet ; but his ex perienci- was enough to convince bim that lio could not work on it withopt dangor of- lift}. At this depth tho pressure of water ou tho handsisflogrcatasto forco tho blwod to tho head and bring on fainting fits, whilo tho re quisite volumo of air inside tbo dress to resW tho outsido pressure of tlio water i* so. great tbat it would speedily suffocate tbo j direr. Moans have been tried to.obvblol tliMO difficulty*, but for tho nvesent a limit ban 1 been set to tho extent to which men may penetraio tho secrets of thodeep. An ingeni [ ous Italian workman has brought to this coitn- ? ! tryjplan* for a sort of scalo armour dress whieh would resist tho pressuro of tho water; but our submarino engineers . thiuk . that this would not obviato Iho difficulties arising from tho limits placed to human enduranee.— Corn hill Magazine. - , Anotubb inventionfromAmericoisreport od ia tho French papers, one. which promises to ho as useful as tho steam man. r It is called ' babies posticbcs,' or artificial babies, for pro moting tho comfort cud tranquility of travel lers who dislike company. ? Tbcso infante1 when ; wound, up, utter, such dreadful cric' that chance passengers aroid (he -sarriago that contains ono, ? They aro advertised thus— Tho best kind, :witb voices «r cry shrill' and 1 mecbant,' ranging over firo octaves at willj ten dollars j tbo eimo, but without, cessation, ; fifteen dollars/'- Of tho second bloss, uttering screams not so IouJ, but lamontablo and uu* supportable, five dollars. Third class, ordi nary intermittent cries, as if from alarm, can bo carried in tho pocket, two and a half dol lar*.. Tbose infants are warranted for a yeari and in' elegance and natural appcarance ? leave nothing to be desired. , . , An American contemporary draws a fearful sketch of tho ponal eettlem'ents to which Ame rican felons oro consigned. What Siberia is tb Russia, Cayenne to! France, Fernando I'o to Spain,' and Norfulk lsland to'England; the' ptj Tortugas aro to tho United State*. Situ ated at tho Southern extremity of : I'lorida, theso burning cjral reefs, unshaded by a singlo tree, unrofreshed by a singlo source, boar no sign. of human habitation save .the hula ?, ia which tho wrotched transports linger, and tho barracks in which tho almost equally, wretched soldiers who guard thorn aro sheltered. From year's end to year's end tho rays of an almost vertical snn beat upon tho Dry Tortugas with unremitting intensity'] yellow foveris over rife thero; and no r animal life, saro that of tho prisoners and their guard, Is possiblo by rea son of tbo abioncoiof all vegetation and fresh water. , A prisoner who. had served oat his sentencoin tho Dry. Tortugas, and . bud been restored olive to so:ictyf would bo welcomed ot Barnum's Museum os a - raro.' curiosity.— Pull Mall Goxctto. . ? ..Tub Poet Losopeiiow.— A correspondent describingthoappcsrancoofllenry ^Viidworth Longfellow at Cambridge on Tuesday. BiyB la staturo and figuro thoro waa little to at tract, attention to the colebrity. of the day. But the faco was ono which, I think, lwoul(l have caught tho spectator's glonce, eren if his attention had not'ibeen called -to it by 'the cheers which greoted Longfellow's appearance in tho robes of L L.D. Long, white, silken hair, and a bsard -of. patriarchal length and n'Jiitoneis,.,-. inclosed. - a ^ young fresh* cut featuree' and deep aunkcn.eycs, oversha dowed by . mcsato b'«k eyebrow*... ..Looking at him,' you bad flic feeling thai iha whito head of balr ond.beard ivcro Jiraa^k put ori'to; conceal a yoaug man'* face ; and ihat if tho poetchoso he could -throw' off tho disgufsO I and oppear-asa man in' tho very primo aud l.bloom of life., tin .the. last unfinished frag I mcnts which Nathaniel Hawtborno crer wrote, 1 lin nronaunded tho nuiinl. thcarr that ronth and strcngth wero the. natural appendages of mortal life, and, that old men . felt at times a sort of.'atrango anomaly in the mero fact.thot youth was no longer theirs. If tlis dootrlao thus put fortrard iu. ','Pansey' had in it aught ofUutli, no man suroly would fed its lesson more.quickly-thari-. ll&wtliorno;'a - friend nnd fellow-labourer ia tbo,woTld;of IcUcrsi!. .In Longfellow's face, tho contrast, I might also say tho inconsistency, between tho -youth, ol tho spirit and tho age of lho: body,(s8ema ;to mo singutarly. marked and striking. ; . : ; Botiibhino to, tmb SATA^e. — Tlio .New York Bun is responsible for the following cock and bull story j— An unnatural curiosity is oi ciliibition atD12 - Broad woy.,It consist* of a game cock, wlioeo head was cat off three months ago, but which, strange, to say,;. slill lives, moves, - walks,- cuts, . aud -performs tho' ordinary functions , of a feathered , biped. - A' wound or, scar remalps whero^the head was chopped off, and tlio bird..tvalk*-round tbo cage and shakes itself, ^showing that 4hero is somo md tiro power insido tho ; covering of fea thers., Sovcrol j surgeons » ,visHed ,\h& biped yesterday, and pronounced it a clear deception proving to their own - satisfaction' that for .Bciontillo reasons. tho bird could not exist without its, cranium. .But there stood tne hfodloss animal, a living confutation of.their learned- disquisitions. ? Dr. Parker, of tbe Medical College, says that in thirty days he caii produco ? a, phenomenon .exactly similar r to ,, that on . exhibition. Among the distinguished savants present was Mr Henry Bergh, whoso leader heart revolted at the idea of tho body walking round without the head. Ho went away, however, satisfied that tbero wo* no cruelty to animals practised, Tho head was cut off, together with the b'oads of four brother rooster*, about three moalbe ego, at Bergen? N.J. ?' Tbi* one escapedj'and was found & fow houn aftef- walking about,1 the blood;'congealed on the wound, whilo the bodies of his less fortunate brethren were al ready on the dinner table. Tho headless hero 'was carefully nursed, fed by injection into tbo crop, ond ia now drawing Jorge i crowds at'hls roomd in Broadway. If this \ animal is an imposition, Iho deception is clcror, and worth the' prico of admission j if it is a genuino beheaded living Vooster, it is nothing leJs than tbo eighth' wonder of the world, or ? tbo original cock-a-doodle'-doo with tho crow | omitted. ' . ? j 