SECOND DAY. At 6 o'clock on the morning of the 25th two guns from the Observatory awoke our citizens to the fact that the Challenger, H.M.S.S., with His Royal Highness Prince Alfred on board, was at anchor in Brisbane Roads. About au hour later the Kate, steamer, with His Excellency the Acting-Governor and the members of the Ministry, started down the river to receive His Royal Highness and bring him to town. She was soon after followed by the Emu and other steamers intended to escort the Kate up the river. Unfortunately none of the vessels had many passengers, either because of the early hour of starting, or that the desire was mor3 generally felt to see the landing in Brisbane and the procession to Government House. Going down the river nothing noteworthy occurred. On arriving in the bay, the Challenger was observed dressed from stem to taffrail with flags, the Royal Standard flying at the main. At this time there was a fresh southerly breeze blowing, which caused a considerable swell. This being the case, the Platypus, s.s., signalled the Kate, and told her not to go alongside the man of war. Accord ingly the Kate stopped her engines as soon as she got near enough, while the Ipswich, Mary, and Emu came close up to her. At the same time His Royal Highness left the Challenger in the ship's gig, accompanied by Commodore Lambert and Messrs. Brierly and Haig, and went on board the Kate. Directly the Prince got on board, the royal standard was hoisted at the Kate's mainmast. On board the Challenger the mcc, who had been standing ready in the tops, lay out and manned the yards, while the guns thundered forth a royal Balute. The Kate then turned ahead, followed by the Emu, Mary, and Ipswich, passed round the Challenger's bows and stood for tho bar. The Emu was then in her position on the Kate's port quarter, the Mary on the other quarter, and the Ipswich bringing up the rear. When about half way to the bar, the Mary was sent back with a message, and the Ip3wich took her place. The escort was thus reduced to the two vessels. The Brisbane and Emma had also gone down to the bay with the view of forming part of the escort, but they went so far away in the direc tion of Humpy Bong that they were unable to take their places in the procession as at first intended. When the boats neared the beacons on tho bar they were joined by the Nowra, s , but after a time she dropped astern, and no more was seen of her. The ships in the Bay displayed all their bunting, and those nearest the Challenger—the Flying Cloud and Southern Empire—fired guns a 9 the Kate passed them, and, indeed, xiutil the reports were no longer audible. The Proserpine, police hulk, was gaily dressed with flags, and as the steamers passed she saluted by dipping her ensign. So the three vessels passed on their way to town. Tho river looked its best. Being about high water, the unpleasant looking mud flats, which are exposed at low tide, were covered, and the mangroves fringed the water. The sun was brightly shining overhead, and owing to the lato rains all vegetation looked vividly green and healthy. At Lytton the flags on the wharf aud boat-shed were dipped as the steamers went by. About a mile further up the river the Black Diamond met the flotilla, and giving hearty cheers took her position astern between tho Emu and Ipswich. The pace, however, was too great for her, aud she was left behind in tho next reach. A few flags were seen here and there, but neither man, woman, or child between Lytton and the Hamilton. Tho whole of the dwellers on the river banks had apparently left their homes to take care of themselves while they enjoyed their holiday in town. At the Hamilton a large number of people on horseback were seen, who, immediately on making out the Kate, galloped off towards town, apparently with the view of aunounciug for a certainty tho welcome intelligence that the Prince was on his way up to Brisbane. On the green bank just below Breakfast Creek a detachment of the Volunteer Artillery had placed three of their field pieces in position, and as the Kate approached commenced firing a salute On seeing this the boats slackened speed, and finally stopped altogether, until the salute was finished. It was fired in good time, and as soon as it was finished the guns were limbered up, and the detachment started for town at a rattling pace. Mr. Harris' yacht, the Hamlet's Ghost, was at anchor off Newstead, and presented a very gay appearance, decked out as she was with innumerable flags. On her side a cloth had been fixed, on which were the words, "Welcome to the Sailor Prince," worked in flowers. She, too, tried to do further honor to the Prince by dipping her ensign and firing a salute. From Breakfast Creek there were no more demonstrations until tho arrival in town, though here and there there were groups of people standing on the bank, who waved handkerchiefs lustily as the steamers passed. While passing Anderson's j slip the Ipswich fell astern of the Emu, so that ■ the three vessels formed a line, the Kate, of ' course, leading. The town presented a very ; animated and festive appearance as the steamerß i rounded Kangaroo Point. Tho Witch of the Teas, barque, the steamers Queensland, Cla- : rence, Williams, and Leiehhardt, were all lying i in tiie stream, at Borne distance apart, in a line ' from abreast the Custom House to abreast of ' the lottery. Beside these, vessels, the j Pearl, surveying schooner, and one of the pilot ' schooners were lying in the stream ; and all, in I common with the vessels at the wharf, were dressed in holiday attire. The Kate passed in side of this line of vessels direct to the stage, ! where she made fast. The Emu steamed up j on the out or Kangaroo Point side of the I steamers, and, round the uppermost, stopped j opposite tho landing-stage, while the Ipswich i went alongside the A.S.N. Co.'s wharf. 