NORTHERN DOWNS. from our vagrant nsrORTER. I suppeso you will hardly buliovo mo whon I inform you that I nm boginning to ropont of my ovil ways. Of course you'll say, 11 That's a good job at nny rate, and Micro's plonty of room for improvement ; tho only pity Is you did not sot about timt porlormnnco long ago. Tho loot is, 1 am gotting tired of vaorakcy ; I find it an un profitablo speculation. Moreover, I hnvo somo littlo ambition at somo timo of my lifo to tasto tho joys (! 1) of matrimony, and soltlo down as an in dividual having somo lawful nud visiblo means of support. Now I find that years nro crooplng on mo silently, yet surolyj and consequently, if I over mean to juin tho ranks of the Benedicts, I must not stand shilly- shallying much longer. As a Bonodlct yourself, I think you will ndmit this Is a very laudable ambition on my part; tho groat difficulty, however, with mo is, how to sot about it. I am such a novico at tho business that I don't know at all liow to begin — whether I am to plungo In head first or heels first, or all of a heap. Besides, what " dark-oyod hour! " (and that's my boan ideal " of tho softor box) would over for a single moment think of having anything to do with so doubtful a clmractor as your Vagrant lie. porter. Tho only way I can sco whoroby to over- como tho difficulty la by " making an effort," and keeping up appearances. M.L.A. or M.L.C. nro after all, not such dcsplcablo addenda to n man's namo Mint tlioy can bo snoozed at witli impunity Even If I admit that they mean nothing, and aro mere empty affixes, still they kick tho beam on ths respectability side of tlio bahinco, and 6ond It down with a bump, llonco I havo como to tho conclusion that it would not by any moans bo a bad Idoa as a preliminary stop towards tho rcaliza- Hon of my torrcstrial paradiso, to turn mombor of Parliament, and at onco put myself in training accordingly. With such a magnificent assembly of Immaculato senators at Brisbane in tho distance, and bo Illustrious and porfoct a model of a legis lator as lienry Thorn, Esq., our prcsont repro- sontntlvo, or rather I should say niisrcprcscntnlivo for tho Northorn Downs closo at hand, I shall, surely havo very littlo difficulty in learning tny duties. Independently, howovcr, of my ulterior object, tho schemo itsolf — (for I supposo you will call It a schemo) — Is not without somo attraction for Its own sako. In tho first placo, judging from my noarest samplo of parliamentary excellence, Henry Thorn, Esq., and tho way ho performs his functions as an M.L.A., Micro appears to be nothing wliatovcr to do, and no sacrifice of timo involved In undertaking tho responsibilities; nor is it 600inlngly at all necessary for tho representative to cultlvnto friendly relations with the represented in auywiso ; certainly, sinco tho day ho was cloctod, tho honourablo gentloman has uovor given hlm8olf tho troublo to como amongst us in this part of his constituency ovon to ceo us, lot alono to mako himself acquainted with tho exigencies of our position and circumstances. Morcovor, if I stretch my vision. a- littlo further towards tho purllou in Qucon-strcot, Brisbane, and judging from certain parliamentary papers which from timo to timo graco tho columns of our metropolitan Journals, I find that thcro is also attached tho ad ditional and agrcoablo prospoct of there boing plonty to got, and that in moro ways than ono. Such being tho stato of tho caso, and it appearing that thoro is everything to gain by tho motion and nothing to lose, I don't sco why I should not havo a chanco as well as any othor man, and havo qui to mado up tny mind to havo a try for it tho very first opportunity that offers. As tho " groat unwashed " iu theso parts have a somewhat bitter antipathy to dummy-roproscntatlvcs, it is moro than probablo, that in tho ovont of thoro being a collnpso of our logtslatlvo constitution on tho assembling of Parliament within a fow weeks, that tho Northorn Downs may bo vacant; and in that caso, if I can only bo so happy as to secure your good offices on roy behalf, to do tho nomi nating business for rao, I should not hositato to woo tho doctors. Backed by such valuablo help I should bo sure to succood ; and thon, when onco In tho House, wouldn't I just rcmonbor tho Too- icoom&a; Chroniole. I'd go in heavy for a bill to reform tho printing arrangements of tho Exccu. tfvo, and making it a atno qua non that all Government advertisements should appear in your columns, and that ovcrybody elso that Issuod ad vertisements should "bo compollod to adopt tho samo medium of publicity. Now don't you think this Is a grand Idoa, and vory disinterested on my part, especially whon I only stlpulalo for twenty- fivo per cent, commission on tho profits. Seri ously, howovcr, it sccm9 somowhat anomalous on tho part of our rulers, that whilst tlioy havo such such a righteous horror against dummies ns to enact penal clausos in our brilliant Laud Act against all offenders, thoy permit a far worse type of dumrayism to exist In thoir vory midst un. cbdRcd and unrebuked. An accident attended with aorlouscouscquoncos, which might havo proved fatal to tho sufibrcr, occurred hero tho other day to a man named Edward Brown. IIo was riding down tho river, when his horse stopped into a holo and fell, bring ing bis rider heavily to tho ground, and iu his struggles to regnin his feet, rolling ovor his un fortunate master. Bosidos othor Injuries, ho sus tained a sovero fracture of 'his collar-bone. Dr. Stanmoro, our only qualified medical practitioner was speedily in attendauco, and under his Skilful and judicious trcatmont tho man Is out of danger and doing well. I sco by your columns and thoso of your local contemporary, that tho good folks of Toowoomba stUl retain thoir high reputation for skowiug thoir generous appreciation of scrvlcos faithfully ren dered. I refer to tho movomont now on foot to prcsont a testimonial to your member, Mr. Groom. Whatever may bo my private opinion . (and I own It is not fnvourablo) as to his antecedents and qualifications for legislativo honours, thoro cannot bo two opinions as to his having dono good set- vlco to Toowoomba, nud certainly merits somo publto recognition of tho same. This is only Justice, and being Justico is worth doing, and doing well. Thoro Is ono thing, howovcr, about tho business -which I do not see, and I confess I nm vory much astonished that I do not suo it ; and that is amongst tho names of gentlemen foiling tho committee, I do not sco tho namo of tho Illustrious It. B. Cooke— tho hero of tho Battlo of tho Billy— tho adventurous pioneer of gold- scokorti— tho ghost of commercial nogociatura— tho commanding officer oftlic Toowoomba Volun teers—and tho exhilirated herald of tho gentleman himself whom tho people delight to honour — on tho occasion of his last election. No ono surely can forget tho brilliant appearance and dashing stylo of this illustrious knight-errant on thu-rncc- cottrso, whon with bnnnor waving, and armed to tho teeth with sword, rovolvor, and brunch-loading riflo, ho obliged the company with tho familiar melody, " Soo tho Conquoring Iloro Comes," and was honoured by your Into Polico Magistrate, Mr. J. C. White, with tho distinguished, attention of two ordcrloys in bluo and silver, n3 a personal body guard. It is too bad to treat such au incarnation of merit and philanthropy so contemptuously, and I trust tho gontlomon at tho holm of affairs will at onco rectify tho inistako, and olcct Mr. Cooko ns president and grand master of tho corcmoninl. Ho will if elected undoubtedly appreciate the honour by borrowing everything and paying— all, well, that's another thing ! Apropos or matrimony. — It may bo interesting if not useful to thoso of your renders who, liko myself, aro contemplating tho blessed estate, to know tho cost of tho process, and tho exceedingly oquitablo division of tho proceeds amongst tlia various claimants. I hnvo It from official authority, so that what I stato may bo .dopondod upon. Tho fco demanded for a marriage byliccnso is fivo pounds six shillings, which Is thus distributed: — To tho Bishop, who docs nothing but sign his name, two pounds ono shilling; to tho surrogate (who ho is and what ho is is a mystery) ono pound ton shillings ; to tho clergy man, who doos all tho work, ono pound ; nud to the clork for his attendauco, fifteen shillings. It can scarcely bo said that It appears undor such an nrrangomont that tho labourer is worthy of his hire, while at nny rate it gives the impression that tho Bishop has great faith in Bonjamm's mess. For my own part, I thiuk it unjust ; and when I commit matrimony, I intend to go iu for banns, or othcrwlso avail myself of tho services of tho registrar. Our usually very dull township has boon en livened recently by tho appoaranco amongst us of what Sam Woltor would call (if ho wore alivo) " a young sawbones, " driving a buggy, or, rather, a waggonotto— four iu hand. Judging from his professional tactics, ho must either bo Bob Sawyor of illustrious fame rcdivfuw, or somo. descendant or rclntivo of that defunct medico. Bumour says that ho canuot produco a oinglo diploma or scholastic certificate of any kind, and if left to his own resources would stand littlo chanco of making a fortuno from his profession ; ho has, however, a friend at court, and, in consequence, tho cegis of a generous Esculapian covers his manifold doficicncics. IIo took a trip up tho country tho other day, in search of a sphere of usefulness and I did hoar that tho waggonotto canio to grief, aud is now standing somewhere on tho Queen's highway — a monument of reckless driving and disappointed ambition. Tho weather is not much to boast of : wo want rain badly: both feed anil water are gcttlngscarco. During tho last week tho nights and mornings were frosty ; but this week wo havo it quite mild again. Unless wo havo rain soon there Is a had look out for farming operations hereabouts. Can you answer tho following query ? — Doos it pertain to tho oflico of high sheriff in England to bo the custodiau of prisoners in gaol, and either to furnish a hangman or perform tho operation him self? or docs It appertain to tho sheriff of tho town whoro tho gaol is situated? or, in other words : What aro tho special functions of a high sheriff? If you can answer it decisively, I shall bo obliged; as I havo a wugcrdoponding upou tho issuo. Our opinion is, that tho duty falls on tho shoriff of tho town whoro tho gaol is situate to bo tho custodian of a prisoner, and furuish tho " last finisher of tho law " when required or perform tho duty hlmsolf ; If ho fails to secure tho services of a " practitioner" to carry out tho sontcnco, and declines to perform tho duty himself, ho loses his oflico, and tho responsibility falls on tho high shoriff of securing tho services of a "hangman " at wliatovcr cost; failing this, and refusing to , perform tho revolting duty himself, tho oflico of high sheriff would quickly fall into tho hands of somo person of less refined suscoptlbilities, or ono moro fortunate lu tho engaging of a person to perform tho hist sad oflicos for tho criminal. Wo novcr heard of a sheriff resigning under such circumstances, or being under tho necessity of performing tho revolting work himsolf — but wo hnvo hoard of thoir paying high prices for tho work being dono. In somo instances, wo buliovo, ns much as £100 havo been paid in Euglnml — and in ono instanco as high as £50 was paid by tho sheriff of Briabano, Mr. Brown, for tho services of a " Jack Ketch."— Ed. T. C. Gympie Goi«d-Fields. — Tho most flattering description wo havo yet scon of tho Gytnpio ' Greek gold diggings appears in tho Molbouruo .'Argus/ from "undoubted authority," in whioh it is stated thnt tho Naslis will make about £20,000 out of their claim; thnt Mur doch and 6on divided for thoir week's work £12,000 ; that tho Caledonian and Lady Mary reefs wore produciug £5Q0-worth of spcoimous daily — and that off tho Monday previous to tho communication being written, Lawronco (who is ho?) estimated his day's work at £1000. In ono part, tho person who gives such " undoubted authority " says " I havo boon amuzed at all I saw — lumps of gold worth huudrcds of pounds lying in pails and tubs, liko so many potatoes." Iu another part ho says — " A digger picked up a stono about tho size of a turkoy's egg. IIo cracked it with his pick, and to got it in two had to twist it round and round, sov full was it of solid gold." Is Baron Munchausen still alivo, or has ho droppod his mantle on a littlo Munchauson who bids fair to eclipse tho glories of his sire ? What a pity tho writer docs not givo his name. Tiie Publication op Insolvent Notices. Tho South Australian newspapers havo de clined to publish notices of insolvencies, oxoopt thoy aro paid for as advertisements, and tho' Chamber of Coinmcrco has accordingly adopted a resolution— "Tliat it is highly desirable thnt tho official notifications of insolvencies should bo promptly -mado public, aud the Chamber respectfully requests tho Government to tako stops for causing such notices to bo advertised iu tho daily papers." Under tho titlo— Tho Beginning of tho End— tho ' Bondigo Advortisor' states that it has bccu no secret for the last few months that a brief period would tell a sad talo of disasters among tho squatters. Tho crash appears to havo commenced. A squatter bolouging to this district has failed, it i3 said — but wo do uot vouch for tho accuraoy of tho figures — for £70,000. Thrco or four other squatters nro mentioned ns having failed, or being on tho eve of doing e », hut we abstain from mention- ing thoir names. 