THE METROPOLIS. Adelaide, March 5. The dog days and Shakespearian drama combined are too much for jis, and will be too much also for Mr George Coppin before he can get out of his Town Hall Theatre speculation. The opening night, on Monday, was one of the most uncomfortable, disappointing, sweltering sacrifices to the Muses I ever saw celebrated. Some parts of the arrangements were exceedingly good, but their goodness only made the bad look worse by contrast. The hall had been splendidly fitted up—the platform being brought forward about thirty feet to form a stage, and an elegant proscenium erected in front of it. An amphitheatre of raised seats occupied the body of the hall, and a smaller one the gallery behind. Compared with the musty, stuffy, cramped up boxes of Solomon's Temple, the new place was a paradise. It looked more as if intended lor drawing-room theatricals than for professional shilling a head business. The scenery, though plain and dot in the best working, order, was exceedingly etegant; and the stage management of Mr Greville gave quite a new idea of what a stage should be. The properties and wardrobe in particular had a refreshing air of newness seldom felt by Adelaide playgoers. The refreshment department, under Mr Alridge, had taken possession of the balcony in front of the hall, and a finer saloon for warm evenings could not have been, designed by Sardanapulas himself. So far Mr Coppin had done everything well, and really lobked as if lie meant to teach Mr Solomon how to do it, . But when the .curtain rose, and the play of Hamlet began, what a falling off was there. First, a couple x>f mnmbilng, shumbling, stupid-looting youths present themselves in thecharacter8 of Horatio and Marcellus. They were set down in the playbill as first appearances, and the audience was evidently too much amused at Mr. Coppin's assurance to hoot the unlucky victims of it. In the second scene the Danish Court lounges'into the middle of the stage, consisting , of a king, whose sceptre must be one originally- wielded in some livery stable; a queen, who would have made a vety decent kind of up^er hdtiseniaid; two young ladies, of this 'pluffy-chieek^d looselimbed constitution, ..which passes for beauty on the area stairs, and half-a-dozen young lords, who migfit have been 1 picked up halfau-hour before at Modrhead Ycorher. . There never was such a cpurt exhibited before, I believe, out of the Beggar's Opera. But here. we are jabbering away about Hamlet, and leaving Hamlet himself in the cold. After the Court had grouped itself' into proper semblance of royalty, enter a very stout gentleman of fifty, or thereabouts, with a very heavy black velvet pinafore reaching down to 4 his knees, black velvet tights, ^closing two very substantial calves; and in Jxis hand a black velvet cap, surmounted with' plumes, taller than any on Debney's largest hearse. The volley of - cheering which greeted, him, announced that this was the ^reat star of ;the Star Company, to wit, .Mr." Samuel Anderson, of Drury Lane, disciple of Macready, and; according to Melbourne Punch, " the greatest tragedian of the Age. Air. Anderson had not opened his mouth many minutes before his celestial light began to glimmer. He went in for the heavy sepulchral business, and made Hamlet look so melancholy / mad at the outset that there was no room for him to grow either more mad or more melancholy as the tragedy advanced, if there was any change at all I think he became rather livelier as his sorrows thickened.around him. It seemed to be a great relief to his mind to learn, on the authority of the ghost, that murder had actually been committed, and that his " prophetic soul" had been right as to " nunkey " being a blackguard. Hamlgt became decidedly more popular towards the climax, and in the scene where he upraids mamma, " making her look on this picture and on this," he won very general applause. At the close of the piece he received a warm, call before the curtain, in responding to which L he made a speech as the Andersonian custom is But strongly as he vowed his " gratification," and loudly as he was cheered in the gallery, the general impression every where else was that his Hamlet, at least, had proved a failure. Were I asked to choose between it and that of our old friend, Raynor's, I would ^iave difficulty in restraining a preference for Rayner, ranter as he was in almost every other character. On Tuesday night the failure became irretrievable, for the curtain rose on an almost empty house. The dress circle receipts would have been dear at 30s. The second class seats were half full, and the gallery barely as much. But Othello deserved this cold shoulder far less than Hamlet had done. It. was a far simpler character and better suited in every way to Mr. Andersoxrs style, which is an antiquated copy of John Kemble and Macready. In Othelle it did not seem so absurd as in Hamlet to pabe the stage I as if one were measuring it for civil engineer— j ing purposes, or to stand like an animated I statue, or to Work like the concentrated essence of all the heroes of antiquity. Such I is the true John Kemble style, and it is good enough for a glorified Sambo £like Othello. It is the proper role for Mr. Anderson, and Coriolanius sits equally well upon him. But the .genius and passion of tragedy is wholly absent from his soul. Were he five feet three, like Edmund Kean, instead of nearly slit feet, he would be certain to make a foolofhimself. He owes almost everything to physical presence, and a gift of elocution/ but the most eminent tragedians have had to overcome great defects in these respects instead of possessing great advantages.. The lending planet of the Star Company has wandered into a Mil key Way of dufferdom. Of his supporters only two can pretend to the KH&fie; of actors—Greville and Miss O'Denis, the rest are so many " flats," whom Mr. Coppin seems to have bought cheap along with the scenery. They can very well stand oveV for a week. Having answered the question of the day— What people think of Anderson? we must turn to the real stage of metropolitan life. See there in the neighborhood of the Police Court is the spectre of a new libel case threatening that highly respectable and edifying organ, the Satirist. "Out of the great stomach for scandal the\8atvrist has at length fetched something worth general attention. It may be purely fictitious, orit may have a modicum of truth in it j that matters not. The pretended facts were so outrageous, and some of the names so much out. of the ordinary line of scandal, that enquiry is desirable in whatever way at may be originated, when an honorable, an M.P, and a member of the Ciril Service can be" accused of drugging a girl, and maMng her perform Abyssrnnian waltzes in puris naiuraZibus, the community cannot escape the reflection of bo rile apersonal scandal, it is bound for its own sake to obtain satisfaction either iroih the accuser or t&e; accused. \If there is any truth ~in what $he Satirist says, it should be exposed before a highfer tribnnal than the Satirist, and if there be none, the Satirist itself should' be treated as it-would treat others. On Monday many questions were asked why the police didnotprdsecute the girl for attempting to commit suicide, as she is to have done. Attempts at suicide, where there is no special ■ ground of suspicion; ■ $T8 always promptly brought before the Court; &nd; why was this bne hushed up wbenlKerie was double cause for investigation ? Mr. Cheri^ has taken a step which may remedy . 'the reniilBntsS of the jiolice, and this action against the editor of the Satirist is Set down for Friday morning. ^ , There is -uothing new in election business, . nothing new in 'Change, nothing new in, poetry or hysterics. As for the weather, that is bey&ad;, comment. It must have ' a guilty conseience, or be intended for a precursor of chaos, so much the better for Baxter and J fie Beast with the ten heads. 1 