. '• »:r-rrr . , < . EVENTS OP THE MONTH. The news by telegraph, on the 2nd inst., that the . Prince had been shot abated in this township the greatest astonishment and indignation, surprise at an event'so unloosed for, and indignation: against the diabolicalperpetrator of the murderous and cowardly attempt. The particulars of the occurrence be gathered from our other reports. The Prince, it appears, was enjoying himself at a picnic given by the. Sailors Homewhen lie was shot in the back by a Fenian—a lawyer's clerk. The ballet was afterwards extracted, and the wound is not likely to prove fetal. That the would-be assassin is leaguered with the inhuman Fenian scoundrels,^ home, and that this attempt on the. life of the Prince was a part of their devilish programme, there can, we think, be little doubt. A more execrable lot of assassins than those concerned in such inhuman outrages are nowhere to be heard of in history. The abettors of these atrocities as well as those who perpetrate them are equally culpable. The villains, by their acts, put themselves beyond the pale of human mercy. . The man who murders, another for money, for hatred, or for revenge is actuated by a motive, however atrocious that, motive may be, but what" conceivable motive could have actuated this Fenian clerk in his endeavour to shoot the Prince, a gentleman who never injured him or his kindred ? The wretch was with difficulty rescuedfrom the hands of the mob who wanted to Lynch him. If he had been flayed alive on the spot no one could have blamed the mob or have pitied the scoimdrel in the slightest degree. Why a young man of unblemished character should have been singled out by the Fenians for destruction because he happens to be of exalted rank is incomprehensible. If the people of Ireland were oppresed by the English Government generations gone by— a fact which nobody can dispute—or if they still labor under political disadvantages—a fact which is also indisputable, can this be any reason why the Duke of Edinburgh should be sacrificed? Do the Fenians imagine that by the assassination of even all the Royal Family of England, the independence of Ireland would be expedited by such means? The effect of all these Fenian outrages—the shooting of a policeman, the blowing up of gaols, and the consequents wholesale destruction of men, women and children, the phosphorus plot, and now the attempted assassination of a Prince^ instead of leading the way towards the independence of Ireland, if that' -is what the the Fenians are desMous of obtaining, will have . iqpiite a contrary tendency, and' may, perhaps, engender feelings of hostility against them that will not be foigzven ^or ibigotten fbr years to come. We cannot believe that any reasonable Irishman can approve of $b© course that Fenians a*-e adopting. Nay, it would behard to believe that the Fenians as a body«re identified with such cowardly cut-throat practices. It is more reasonable to suppose that the instigators are . some of tlie scum of those who were Engaged in the American war,-rScoundrela who find their < account in inciting a few unfortunate Irish to the ■; commission of which they are too cowardly i to undertake, and "whilst preying upon both \ the property and lives of then miserable dupes, < are reckless of the consequences so that they < •themselves escape scbt fispe. The indignation meeting: which took place in < the Town Hall, on Monday, the 16th itist., on the i subject of the late attempted fussassination of the < Prince, was fhemost enthusiastic demonstration ] which had ever been held in ^South Australia, i The Hall was densely crowded. Among those on 1 the platform -oftore Sir James Rsher, tlie Chief 1 Secretary, and other members of the Ministry, the 1 . President of the Legislative Council, the Speaker ! of the House of Assembly, Hon. J. Baker, Hon. < . J. H. Barrow, Hon. Captain Bz^t, Hon. J. T. Bagot, Very Rev. Dean Farrell, Very Rev. Vicar s Q-eneral (Father Smyth), the Rev. (Roman Catho- < lie) Archdeacon Russell, Rev- J.,3S. T. Woods, ! Mr J, G-.Daly, and others. The first resolution ' moved by the Chief Justice, seconded by the j Dean, and supported by Father Smythand Mr i . . . Daly, was as follows :—" That' wis meeting i cLesires tb recordits deep regret, and to egress its indignation at the barbarous outrage which lias 1 been committed on the , person of His Royal \ Highness the Duke- of Edinbuigh." The ] second resolution was—"That an address be 1 presented to jEBs Royal Highness the Duke of i Bdihburghjietoreesmg'the horrorwhichisfelt by 1 the rolcmstsflf $outh Australia at the dastardly < attempt which has been made to assassinate him, 3 ttofeir with him in his suffering, and i their gratitude to Divine Provid&nce; for his i miraculous escape." tThis was moved by the ' Chief aecr^tary, Becondedbythe Hon. John 1 Morphett, and supported by MrFuller. The ^ Hon. 3". Baker moved the third resolution— j "l?hat a humble address of condolence be pre- 1 senfed to HerJUost Gracious Majesty the Queen, 3 assuring Her iMajeBty of tile loyalty and affec- 3 tibnate attachment of all classes of Her Majesty's a subjects in South Australia to Her Majesty's -i throne, person, and family, and expressing their 1 deep gneftba^ the pleasure which has been felt at 1 the visit of His Royal Highness to Australia should • be marred " by bo said and sudden a calamity as < that from which His Rbyal Highness is sufierin." « which was' seconded by Mr Davenpo rt and sup- 1 ported by theHon. J. St. Barrow. The fourth < resolutiofrw^m^^ Speaker of the House of ^sembljr i^oa. G-. WVKingston), seconded by the Ify^Capfc^^Bagoi) sad supported by theHon. ^BvXudrews, aud was a^, follows 'K^iuMbe* coloiiists: of ^outtt Aiwfendifi^t3irotigh tins meeting, moot cordially tender to ^Government and p^le Of New Soajb^l^ th£« sheerest I syo^s^i^y/ and e^enow^;?: regr# £hat their public .deception ; Highness the J^nke of Edinburgh siiould hay e been interrupted by the committal of the cowardly and foul act lately perpetrated on Bis BroyalfHSghness." < ; { j i "'V ■'. For the last few weeks the Railway Company have been missing various articles from their new store near the Jetty. One day they would i find a case of spirits wanting, a (foy or two afterwards a bag of flour would be lost, then a case of hams, or a box of tea would be found to have disappeared- How, or by whom the things were taken, remained for some time a mystery. The strictest surveillance was exercised in the daytime; the doors of the store were securely fastened during the night. Suspicions were engendered with regard to the workmen and others frequenting the store, and the desirableness of putting a stop to so unpleasant a state of things, became every day more pressing. At length it was resolved that a watch should be kept by night. The first night chosen was that of the 3rd inst. Two constables were stationed outside the store, whilst Messrs Woodroffe and Bristowe undertook to be upon the alert inside. Midnight passed without anything transpiring to excite the suspicion of the watchers, and the policed thinking there was no prospect of a capture' that night went home. The two inside the^tore determined to wait a little longer. About one o'clock they heard a peculiar noise as of something crawling along the ground, and presently they became aware of the presence of a third party in the store. The interloper struck a match and- lit a candle, and walking cautiously along approached the place where Messrs Woodroffe and Bristowe were lying. They now observed that he who carried the candle was a lad named Ormsby, who had frequently been seen on the jetty fishing, or idling away his time, and whose father professed to be a shoemaker, but who was very seldom at his work. The lad, creeping along with the candle, and peering about in search apparently of something he would like, came so close upon Messrs Woodroffe and Bristowe, that they were obliged to discover themselves, and were then prevented from carrying out the designs which j they had formed of first allowing the thief to take something or other, and then to seize him ! in the act. Seizing the lad—who appeared as if he had seen a legion of ghosts, they questioned him as to how he had obtained an entrance. He pointed to one of the sides of the store, and upon going to the spot indicated they found that the lad had effected an entrance through a hole which had been burrowed in the earth under the wail, and was of so small dimensions as almost to warrant the conjecture that he must have stretched himself like a leech to get through ifo Whilst looking at the hole they heard somebody on the outside ask sotto voce—" All right Frank ?" but Frank being all wrong did not reply. Mr Woodroffe hastily opening one of the doors rushed outside mid gave chase to the querist, whom after a short run he caught behind a blacksmith's shed hard by, and found him to be Ormsby senior. As there were no grounds, however, for detaining him at that time, Mr Woodroffe let him go again, and returning to the store he and Mr Bristowe took the lad to the Police-Station. The modtts operandi of the abstraction of the goods was afterwards made manifest. The lad having crawled through the hole into Hie store must have taken down the transverse bar by which one of the doors was fastened, and must thus have procured the means of egress for the stolen goods. The Police a few hours afterwards went $rith a Bearch warrant to Ormsby5 s house, and foupd an empty gin case, a bag of flour, and a number of empty brandy and gin bottles. The goodswhich bad been takenfrom the store are as follows :-~2 cases gih, 8 do brandy, a bag of hams, ! So onions, 1 do flour, 1 box tea, 1 do candles,%ia 1 do mead oil. The fog of flour was one that had been sent from Port Adelaide for the Koh-i-noor, and two empty gin cases was identified as having been charged to Mr Nankeryis. The elder Ormsby was taken into custody, and both he and bis son were brought before the Sfcipendary Magistrate on Saturday morning ; the former charged with having in his possession goods for . which he was unable to give a satisfactory account; and the latter with attempting to 3ommit a felony. On the application of Trooper Strutton they were remanded tall the following ruesday, when Ormsby, the elder, was committed for trial to the next Court of Full Jurisdiction, md the lad was sentenced to a month's imprisonment. The Northern Territory Policy has at length beanunfolded by the Government. At a dinner ;iven oh the 4th instant, at Victor Harbor, to Messrs Everardand Blyth, at which were present ;hree of the Ministry-—Messrs Reynolds, Santo md G-lyde; the Treasurer, in responding to tha »ast of the Ministry, explained the policy of the Government respecting this question. When the lext Parliament meets, a measure Will be proposed by which those of thei landholders who wish their money back, will be enabled to get it, while those who wish to have land, will have iheir wishes gratified .beyond expectation, for by waiting a little longer they will have an increased irea, and under certain circumstances free selecaon before survey. The Government in1 this natter are trying to please everybody concerned, probably forgetful of the fable of the "old man md his ass.". That the proposed policy will meet pith the approval of certain. individuals, there san be no doubt whatever—the Chief Secretary, md the Commissioner of Crown Lauds to, wit, who are said not only to be original holders of orders, but who have been buying orders which originally cost £50, at the reduced price of £10, md for . which, of coprse, they expect to get the original from the Government, interest perhaps added. Taking into consideration 'the poor qaality of' tile land in the neigl^boizrhbdd jdf the I/ive^pool, the heat of thectimate, the distance : of theJocaUty from any. other: TOttiement/ihe ^T^6i%a1i^V the improbability of i&e;^Sdldli A^trahan ^oferhmeiit affordiag adeq^aate feti^B who might: proceed tothe new colony, and other disadvantages, present and ifis quite probable that ninety-nine percentof theiiolderS of oi^ra^onldpreS^^llliiiig their money,'and if such should be the caserthe people of this colony would have to " fork out1'to the fcunerof some £90,000 or £100,000,and would gain-nothing at all for the outlay; in feet, the money might just as well have been laid out in hank notes to make a bonfire of. • Whether the people will consent ■. to be bamboozled in that manner remains to be seen. We should say they will decidedly object to it. There is yet some of the Northern Territory fund in hand ; let the Government supplement the sum with as much as will be sufficient to have the country surveyed, or as much of the country as may be necessary, and sq perform their part of the oontraetwith the land order holders. These, in that case, would he put in possession of their titles to the land, which was all they bargained for. t If the land ,or the locality should not turn out in acecordance with their expectations, that would be their trouble. The Goverment undertook to give them land, irrespective of quality or locality, and the land orderholders paid their money, knowing that both the quantity and the locality of the land to be obtained were matters of speculation; if therefore they get their land, though it should be as barren as a stony desert* they will ha ve " their bond/'~and what more would they hay.e ? Another deputation of distressed farmers had an interview with the Chief Secretary, on the 14th inst. Among them was one—a Mr Oowie— in a deplorably distressed condition. He stated he was out of debt, had 150 bushels of wheat, had 150 acres in fellow, and farmed 369 acres—facts which of course sufficiently proved he was terribly hard up and needed state assistance. The Chief Secretary, whose heart must be as callous as the nether millstone, said that the case of Mr Oowie was not one in which , the Government could afford relief he having admitted that he was free from debt; had 150 bushels of wheat, and possessed property. He admitted that positive want must be relieved, but said there was a wide difference between indigence and a failure in a man's avocations, whatever they might be. He would do all in his power to alleviate distress, but the farmers, must not expect the Government to relieve them in their difficulties. The Ministry had no power to spring a gold mine. He would however, consider the matter, and again consult his colleagues, but he would not hold out great hopes of Government assistance. A reduction of smelters wages took place at the Smelting Works on March 2nd. The pay of the captains of furnaces has been lowered 3d per charge, and that of their mates Id per charge, which will be equivalent to about 7s a week off the wages of the former class, and to about 2s 6d a week off the pay of the latter. This has been effected at a time when the men can very ill afford it. For the past three months their^earnings have been miserably small in consequence of the partial stoppage of the works, and now that the establishment is again in full operation, or nearly so, the men have the pleasing intelligence communicated to them that they must henceforth work at a reduced rate of pay. Of course the trade of the township will suffer another serious check from this unexpected reduction ; many of th emen having necessarily of late become indebted to the storekeepers will £nd it less easy than they had anticipated to fulfil their obligations. The proprietors, we understand, have not assigned any reason for decreasing the men's pay. A meeting was held at the Commercial Hotel, on Monday, March 2nd, to make arrangements for the getting up of races to be held during the Easter holidays. There was a considerable number of sporting gentlemen and others present. Mr P. B. Coglin was unanimously elected chairman. The subject before the meeting underwent an animated discussion and various regulations were framed and adopted. Mr H. D. Gouge was appointed honorary secretary, and Mr Nankervis treasurer. The following gentlemen were elected, a Committee—Messrs T. Ferguson* C. Williams, J. Hartigan, Beaglehole, J. Curtis, R. S. Haddy,i Parnell and one or two others. A subscription-list was opened in the room, and in a few minntes £17 was collected, Mr Coglin heading the list with £5 5s. A vote of thanks to the Chairman concluded (he proceedings. The agricultural returns which have just been completed show that the yield of the whole area sown, is only 4 bushels 421bs. per acre. Setting aside the area hot worth reaping, and taking the average of that which has been reaped, the result is 5 bushels 12lbs per acre. It need scarcely be said that this is the smallest yield that this colony has yet produced. The Wentworth correspondent of the Advertiser says:—On Monday last a great number of the inhabitants of this town were to be seen wending their way to the boiling-down establishment, to witness the commencement of opep$$i0iifl tfrere. Mr Gosse, with his usual kindness, ehowed us over the place, and explained the process to some of the squatters and other gentlemen, the principle being quite different to that atport Augusta and other places. The steam is generated in a steam-boiler quite separate from the boilers for tendering, consequently it is impossible toborn the tallow while "making. The place is all alive with butchers and knock-about hands, fill busy in their respective departments. When the large boilers were filled withthe carcase of the sheep, the steam wasturned on, and in the omrse of time the whole was boiled down. At the finishing of the first boiling we were shown some of the tallow, which was perfectly white and hard. I also saw therefuse; it had the appearance of well saturated tow intermixed with some remarkably well polished bones. There can be ho doubt that all the fat had been thoroughly extracted. The premises are situated about seven miles below lisiunenfc coi^stB of luge sheds fo^ tilling, with behind: and opposite are the , boilers, egoless, . At a short ■tqasfaMaee • ^fe°r' forming altogether q^te a toWiiBliip. lirust the proprietors' will meet with tbe.succe&s; they jfi^^l^nadoiibt ta thegeneral trade of the district. : On "Wednesday evening, 11th. instant, the £oqrth half-yearly meeting of the member of the ' Yoi-Ws PfiTtiTWMila "Bwilfling Society wag held at the office of the Secretary. The chair was occupied by "Mr C. Coltman, deputy chairman of the directors. The Chairman, in int^bduang the business of the meeting, read the Rirectors' iteport for the half-year ending 24th February, 1868, as follows:—"In presenting to you our report of the fourth half-year of the Society, we beg to congratulate you on its continued prosperity. During the half-year ending 24th February, 1868, thirty-four new shares hare been taken up, and £1025 lent out on mortgage. ^ Notwithstanding the generally depressed state of business,the payments Save biren regular, and the amount withdrawn only £52 Sfi . 3d, ^ , against £235 15a last half- year. The javer* rage premium for the half-year is £14 17s.' The Kadina branch of this Society has shown marked progress since the public meeting held there, and we intend to take similar 'measures to increase the transactions ofthe Moontft agency. The nett profit of the Society :for the past half-year is £239 lis 3d, which enables your Directors to declare a dividend of 2s in the pound on shares over §ix months old- The : retiring Directors are Messrs D. Taylor and J". Bailey, who are suitable for re-election, and offer themselves accordingly." Mr Bloxham, solicitor, proposed, and ;Mr D. Brown seconded, u That the Auditors' Beport, as read; be received and adopted." Carried. Messrs D. Taylor and J". Bailey were re-elected Directors, and Mr John > Oates was elected in the place of Mr Anderson, who has resigned. Votes of thanks were unanimously accorded to the directors, auditors, and secretary, and the Eadina agent, after which the meeting closed with a vote q£ thanks to the Chairman. . ' • Last Thursday's Gazette coq1031B the Chairman's Iialf-y early report of the Destitute Poor Department. From, this rejMrtt we gather that the total number of the cases on the books, of all ages, on the 31st December, 1867, waa 2061, the particulars of which are as follow.:—In the Asylum, 185; in the School, 114; Town and Suburbs, 730 j Country Districts, exclusive of districts relieved by auxiliary boards, 715 ; Mount G-ambier Auxiliary Board, 46; Wallaroo ditto, 93; Kooringa ditto, 112; Fort Augusta ditto, 36. The number of new caseB entered in the booksfor the half-year ending December 31 vasAcitmssion to the Asylum, 257; admission to the School, 50j towns and suburbs, not including children,. 107 i country districts relieved by Central Board. 97; Mount Gambier Auxiliary .Board. 9 : Wallaroo flitto, 28; l£ooringa ditto, *^6 ; j^oi r Augusta- ditto, 35^.. total $9& This, it "stated, is exclusive of abodtfl&O; men to whom t~ rap ovary relief wai* granted for a few days in July and August last. The admission to the Asylum during the last lialf-yearis classified as follows—Diseased and bonvalescent, 111; infirm, 31; women, 20 j single women enciente, 41 j married women ditto, 2 ^children, 98; criminal children, 7; total, 310. The Chairman remarks that soon after the date of the last report there occurred a great depression in every branch of industry which threw a large number of men out of employ, not only in Adelaide but also" in the country districts. Numerous Applications for relief were consequently made at the Destitute Asylum by these men in July and August, to whom temporaiy relief was granted He suggests that some means should be providedfor furnishing employment to all able-bodiedapplicants for relief, not only with a view to obtain some return for the relief afforded in times of emergency, but also in view of Sequent applications for relief from the idle and undeserving. To this end he urges the desirableness of immediately establishing a labor test of stone breaking'at a price sufficient to yield the means of maintenance to tbeapplic&nt; and his family. The ej&ablishment; df suchatest in Adelaide might be janobjectionable, but to some of the coiintry districts it would be utterly unsuitable; in feet in the Wallaroo district it would be simply absurd for reasons which are too obvious to require indicating. The total expenditure during the year 1867 for the destitute poor amounts to the enormous sum of £17,260. in 1866 the expenditure was £13,759; inl865, 358,178; in 1864, £6,314 j m 1863, £4,907; and in 1862, £4,909; from Tfhich it will 'be seen that since 1863' the expenditure for the destitute poor , has been increasing at a frightful rate. The Chairman says $»t la the fece of increased working expenses, and of an enlarged staff, the percentage , of increase of expenditure for 1867 is no greater than the relative increase of destitution. This fact appears to be considered by the Chairman as something very consoling— ^ something by way of set-off againBtthe increased expenditure, though why lie should entertain H such a notion we can't imagine. The percentage of increase in fapjgoditure ought not to be greater than the jnieasure of destitution, but the Chairman evidently takes credit to himself because it is not so. The special point of increase in the destitution under relief isibund, says the Chairman, mainly under one item "Deserted Families." The number ©f tleeerted families in 1865 was 68, in 1866,100,;. ia^ie first half-year of 1867, 83 j in the last halfyear of 1867,145 j malting a total in the whole year of 18*67 of 228, entailing tbe relief of about 900 cases of all ages. As the law at present stands there is no remedy fijr the evO.In most cases the men go across the Boeder without leaving their addresses, so tbM there axenoxiieans of tracing them, and the C^hairinaii ^^aaight have * added, if there were means of tracing them oui I bono? Several men of this district have left their * ,n?w l°r known,§jjjj& .It jb also knowntbat they arie ' '^xl^.^4''W^h. .%■*; ft®<£ • r«k8sist their JaniilieSj whbafein cons^utorel^her |n aM»i»^ or are.1 repiplisnts'ttt .-pfeiffr' &i;|s■;*&> in Mother* colony. Some inteiScoloni^le^lalioja m on this subject is much required, for ithTtobnstrbus that a man shptild by entering .one of |^ .colonies be ffceed of ell legal i^ponsibility to- tn^ntaM hisfamaly, g-Tifi to escape the pumstiiieht which, his desertion of tbeixk so lichly deserves. J We mentioned some timeago that MrBurridge had $hown us a quantity of pearls, which he had obtained during his peregrinations along the coast to the southward, of this district. On Tuesday last Mr Burridgetexhibitefl another lot, some of which were muchfiner than any that were contained in v his former collection, a few of them being, as ■' l&ige; as peas. Their color was a dull white, and -:ii form they were nearly globular. Mr Burradgej ■ uiv>it5is said, procures the pearls from a certain kind _.:• ( . of fish, but the particular species, he declines to specify. He facetiously says he wants a thousand fluids for the secret. "fJ ,;JPiS)m a report in the Southern Argus we^ learn that the District Council of Port Elliot: lijam resolved to cut all connection with thej Adelaide Destitute Board. This resolution hasj been passed in consequence of the Adelaide Board, or rather the Chairman of the Board (Mr Reed) "having refused to sanctwo the granting of rations by the Council to certain destitute persons whom the Council thought deserving of relief. We jnay observe that the District Councils and the- Auxiliary [Destitute Boards perform their functions iu ^ connection with, the Destitute Board in Adelaide; gratuitously. Lately Mr Reed has been paying a personal visit of inspection to the various persons in the country districts, who have been receiving relief from the District-Councils and: the ( Auxiliary Boards. The result of his visic has been a reduction in many instances of the quantity of rations supplied, and in other instances of a total withdrawal of relief. Mr Reed's visit was, we are told, a remarkably hasty, one. We are ininformed that his visit to the whole of the destitute poor in this district occupied a day. It is, therefore, quite clear that in so short a space of time he could not possibly make anything like a proper investigation into the circumstances pf the recipients of Government relief; many of the persons whom he wished to call upon would doubtless be from home at the time of his visit -to their homes, and any -information obtained relating to the circumstances of such persons must necessarily be of a hearsay character, and, therefore, presumably unreliable. Notwithstanding the disadvantages of this mode of enquiry, Mr Reed has assumed to know more about the circumstances of the persons referred to than the respective Boards, the members of which, have lived in the neighborhood of the recipients of relief for years, and acting on the information so imperfectly and hastily acquired he, as we. have intimated, has put some of the poor upon short commons,' and has decided .that ^th^ jae^uot^ entitled to relief at alL Thej members 01 the ^ort Elliot and (9-oolwa district Council seem to have resented this conduct as an impertinent interference with their duties," and they consequently have unanimously decided to discontinue their relations with the destitute poor department, and the clerk has been desired to communicate the resolution to the. Government with the reasons which led to its adoption. The Adelaide correspondent of the Southern Argus, says lately a Stipendiary. Magistrate north of Adelaide came upon about 100 Irishmen, on or near Pinkerton's Plains, holding a Fenian meeting. The spot, they had chosen was away from any habitation, where the idiots supposed they could talk treason to their heart's content. Their horses were tied up in the scrub, or picketted out, and a grand conference was evidently being held. I have this on what I feel bound to consider reliable authority. His Worship, I presume, did not remain on the scene long, but he sent in to the Government a report of the matter which has been kept quiet, and perhaps wisely, for the mania will soon pass away, and the greater portion of the Irishmen who have been affected by it may soon be in their right minds and heartily ashamed of themselves. The Port Lincoln correspondent of the Advertiser writes:—The miners of the BurrawingMine, near Turnby, have commenced timbering up the main shaft, Wt before doing so, they sunk about another fathom below the water level, with a view' to determine if the lode was there all right; and there" it was, sure enough, all right, and not less thasi two feet wide of beautiful rich ore, pure Bur rawing. The miners, who had taken another eontract, were in ecstaeies, and forwarded special despatches to Port Lincoln with: the good news. Truly, it is a, most astonishing mine, exceeding anything yet discovered on this side of the Gulf Three weeks ago the Eclipse, schooner, arrived in Adelaide with about 20 tons copper ore from the same mine. f On Thursday, the 19th, the Rev. G. W. Patchell ^ delivered a lecture in the Wesleyan Chapel, oo m "Truth.and Righteousness defended by. King WiUiam, embracing scenes in. the History of the ' English Kingdom, which include the Siege ol Derry and the Battle of the Boyne." The chaii was taken by D. Bower Esq., M.P. A hymn haying been sung, and prayer offered, the Chairman said he had been requested to preside on that occasion, in consequence of his inend, the'Rev. ' Mr Patchell, having offered to give a leetsre or tlie above-mentioned subject. It appeared, he said, that the rev. gentleman was anxious tc further the'We&leyan; cause by trying to reduce the liabilities which had been incurred in carrying out t^at object. The lecture would, be worthj the consideratibn of the audience; the remiriisceuoes of the past would be prominently brought before them, including the trials and difficulties . . %phieh the i^^y Reformers had to contend with in m their struggles, in which they were engaged in the ^ King William the Thud* The rpv, ■ {j^^eee'lxk .^mme^ding his dis(»m,^^Feri^i-jtoi i&e; 'poliScal and; religious kggrjied from the revolution. $j(j$h^ignDrehistory while oth«M^dSfedtit^|^, ^■I^'Aubigne hadsaia, they should tjey toieegoodin h^o^, for ithad $$g^e§&,$x4kf, out of confiusion, liberty putof slavery., The ^6f:!~4JngUaid i^^weri a. varied' history.., The kingdom, had beek greatly ?bj£s»ed, althqjigh it had been cursed, too;,, by, wicked men : who4tad tried to sap the principles %e consti: tution; but, notwithstan ding their efforts .tbu? flag had " brayed a. thousand years, the battle and the \- breeze." (Cheers.) Their forefathers were men of gigantic mould—men who were true to what they professed—teue soldiers who were not afraid to wade deep rivers under ^he fire qf booming , cannon. Sewasnota man of war, but of justice. Asthe milleniumhad not yet come, there were some matters whichcould not be decided without fighting. If a man were attacked by Jobbers, he Would be justified in defendingMmself; if thie ves tried to break into his house, he would be justified in preserving his family from their attack ? and if robbers took away a man's property and persisted in keeping it, in that case a man would be justified in adopting the best means in carder to obtain it; and if the eldest of a family should try to wrong that family, the other members belonging to it had a right to stop that young man's jerring career, and to send him to a reformatory where he might learn better manners ; and if the eldest born of a nation rose against the long established principles of that nation,—-tried to; undermine them and overthrow them, those persons-who had authority were perfectly justified in rising against him, and in placing in his room, the heir presumptive to the throne. In carrying out the views he had indicated, they might have to adopt extreme measures, and even war might have to be adopted. The lecturer referred to the leading personages of the time of James IX., and . their political relations with each other. He proceeded to. sketch the character of James II., I alluding to his profession of the Catholic religion, 1 [and said that his elevation to "the throne was 1 a flagrant breach of the Constitution, as he 5 | would not take the oaths required from Protestant monarchs, and thus this proceeding paved i the way for all the terrible effects which followed. ! [ As might have been expected, he proved true to i himself and his religion j and the lecturer men- . ! tioned the various measures which James adopted | | in furtherance of his views. At length the j i English nation rose against him. His political ( blunders and his intense bigotry made the nation j awake as from a troubled dream; and begot a determination to shake off the power of sucij a m«n. He passed in review the declaration that the throne waB vacant; the interviews with William; his reception in England; his principles, and their approval by the nation. The lecturer then went on to mention the efforts James made in Ireland to recover the Crown; the march to Deny; the brave defence of the beleagured city, and que ted Macauley's account of the relief afforded by Kirke. The retreat of James's army; the pursuit of William, and the SBattle of the Boyne were next briefly described, and followed by an account of James's embarkation from*Ireland for Stance, which* concluded the first part of the lecture. The Chairman then made a few remarks preparatory to the collection,, that MrPatchell, being about to leave the district, had wished to make anothersffort to benefit the Wesleyan c^use not only spirflittWly but materially. He (the chairman) hoped the audience would give liberally. The collection was then made. The second portion o£fthe lecture was brief, and was ended by a few appropriate reflections upon the important results which have followed the events referred to in the lecture, arid their bearing upon fee politics .and religion of England. The, customary votes of thanks were given, and the meeting concluded with the benediction. There was a moderately large attendance. The lecturer treated his subject with much fluency and force, intermingled with characteristic" touches of humour; his description of the Battle of the Boyne was exceedingly animated and graphic^ The audience departed highly gratified with the lecture. ' A large Wombat snake, measuring six or seven feet in length, was killed on Friday, the 20th inct., afternoon, near the sections owned by Mr D. Bower,- on the Moonta line. Special prayers were offered in the city on Sunday for the restoration of the health of Prince Alfred, and on the previous Saturday there was a special service in the Jewish. Synagogue for iiie 1 same purpose.—Advertiser. A meeting of the shareholders of the North Wandilta Mining Company (Limited) was held at BurchelTs Hotel, Kadina, on the 11th instant, for the purpose of winding up or otherwise. There* was a' good attendance of shareholders, and David Bower,. Esq., M. P., was- voted to the > chair. The balance-sheet was sub-rnitted to the ^ meeting, and a resolution was adopted to the 6fiect that the company be wound up voluntarily. ! Mr Alfred Erance was- ' appointed liquidator. Messrs Harris, Gunier, and Cavill, three of the I directors, were voted £& each for their services, t and the auditors £5 5s each for the past twelve months. The Services of the secretary, Mr W. Graham, were dispensed with, and it was agreed F that no furtlier expenditure should be in1 curred on account of the company, and that the l concern should be finally wound up as soon as ■ the liquidator could do so consistently with the ; requirements of the Act. A brutal assault was committed on Saturday l 29th lilt., by a man named Evan Hughes upon a > woman named Ann Edwards. 'She was sitting • outside her house when Hughes came up and i struck her savagely in the iace, took hold of her ; hair, and beat her head against the -ground* and jumped on her- Or the following day she laid ^n information against Hughes, and heir face- bearing i evident marts of the brutal treatment , she had. i received, the magistrate issued a warrant. for t Hughes'apprehension. He was brought before > the Court yesterday, and remanded till next . i Monday. 