A desidebatum of tlio utmost moment with respect to tho colonics of Great Britain— and more especially as regards the Australian colonies— is about to bo luiuuea as rue present; moment in JLionaon It consists in the carrying out, under tho highest and most influential auspices, of a project which will bring the material re sources, the productive powers, and the attractions for emigration both to the man of labour and tho capitalist, of these and other colonics, prominently before the British public. As far as the Australian colonies are concerned at present, their great capacity for the production of all the most valuable commodities known to commerce is completely lost to view in Europe, owing to their vast distance from the great centres of European life, and to the obscurity and uncertainty which, in consequence of this remote distance, encompass all things pertaining to them. Many of these com modities which people havo hithorto looked to tho South of Europe for oxolu- sirelv. liavo from soil andclimato their na tural home of production in Victoria, South Australia, and New South Wales. And it only needs tho confidence of the British public to bo awnkened and fixed in reference to theso colonies, to insuro in the United Kingdom a market for theso special commodities of oursat once, without our having to wait through loDg years of painful and costly private efi'ort to insuro tlio snmo result. Wine — and its offspring, brandy — dried fruits, and silk, may bo enumerated as products of tho southern regions of this continent, and cotton, sugar, and coffee, of tho northern regions, as being amongst tho Australian commo dities which will speedily take high rank in the British markets, when introduced to tho notice of tho British public undor the auspices wo refer to. And this, too, will take place at a particularly opportune period, when wine aud silk, cotton, coffee, and sugar no longer crop forth in their former abundance and excellence from their old fields of production in Europe and elsewhere. Tho oidium and tho silk worm discaso havo inflicted a heavy blow on tho wine and silk producing interests of Southern Europo ; and tho social revo lutions affecting the hla< k raco in America and the West Indies, of lato years, havo occasioned a scarce and unreliable supply of cotton and sugar from their former fields of production to tho west of tlio Atlantic. Coffco is always short in its supply. Thus an opening of tho most favourable character is presented in tho European markets for whatever Australia can furnish in the nature of tho products of warm and semi tropical cli mates ; and all that is wanted is, as wo havo said, to awaken the confidence of tho British public in the capacity of theso colonics to meet tho new demand to bo made upon thorn. This correspondence will be created by tbo working-out of tko project to which wo desire to direct attcn- tion. At a public meeting in London, presided over by Viscount Buky, on 2Glh June, at Willis s rooms, tho foundation was laid of a " Colonial Society, " tho charactor of which will bo understood from tho resolu tions passed on tho occasion. Before giving the purport of theso resolutions, we should mention that tho chief movers in tho business arc, in addition to some well- known colonists, noblemen and prominent public men, who aro for the most part members of Parliament, and distinguished for tho active interest they take in every thing connected with tho colonics. The first resolution sots forth tho expediency of forming a body to bo called " Tbo Co lonial Society." Tho second, moved by the Marquis of Noiimaxby, and seconded, by Mr. Mabsh, M.P., is as follows, viz. : — " That tho objects of the society bo as follows : — To occupy, as regards the colo nies, tho position filled by tho Royal Society with regard to science, or tho Royal Geographical Society with regard to geography ; that a lecture-hall, a library and reading-room, and a museum of science, industry, and com merce, be openedias soon as tbo funds of the society will allow, where the natural products and resources of the colonics will be exhibited ; to afford opportunities for tho reading of papers, and tho holding of discussion upon colonial subjects generally ; and to undertake those investigations in connection with the colonies which aro carried out in a mora general field by the Royal Society, the Society of Arts, tho Royal Geographical Society, and by similar bodies in Great Britain." Hero is exactly tho ono thing needed to introduce tbo resources of theso colonies and their products, in tbo best manner, to the at tention of the capitalist, tho trader, and tho intending emigrant, in tho United Kingdom. Tho museum, with its indus trial exhibits, tho reading of papers and the discussions thereon, will speedily bring our wines— and in a short timo, too, our raw silk and cocoons— prominently into notice with the British public, and will, in a year or two, advance this branch of our com merce a half-century in quickness of growth and development. In fact, we need not dwoll on the advantages of the project, as it _ is explained in tho resolution just cited, as they are obvious to tho meanest understanding. What is wanted on our side is, that we should be prepared at tho earliest moment to respond to tho opportunity thus presented to us. If wo send wines, they ought to bo of such a quality, and in snch condition, as will command tho attention and approval both of "tho Colonial Society" and of the public to whose notice tho society will introduce them. And for that purpose there must be some organisation esta blished amongst tho wine-producing in terest hero in tho colony. But this is so plain that it is unnecessary to refer further to it. Tho third resolution was to the effect that "tho Colonial Society" bo non-political, and that any organisation for political purposes be forbidden by tho fundamental rules of tho socioty. Tho meeting noxt resolved that a provisional committee should be at at once formed to draw up rules_ for the government of the society, to receive the names of gentlemen willing to become fellows of the society, and preparo a list of gentlemen willing to luiiu iuu wuuuu vi vuo ovvivbjf aua fcaau mi tho other steps necessary to establish the new body and put it in operation. In order to allow tho influences at work in con summating this excellont project, wo give here tho names of the provisional com mittee, They are as follows, viz "The Duke of Manchester, the Marquis of Normanby. LordLytton, Viscount Bury, tho Right Hon Mr. Chichester Eortcscue, M.P , Right Hon. Mr. J. G. Gosclion, MP,, Mr. Baillie- Cochrane, MP., Mr. Marsh, M P , General Sir George Bell, K.C B , Mr. J. R Morrison, Mr. H. P. Roche, Mr. A- It Roche, Dr. Mann (of Natal), Mr. J. W Muttlehury, Mr. Leonard Wray, Mr. H. E Montgomerie, Mr. Edward Wilson, Captain Blane, Colonel Clarice, RE , Mr. Home (West Indies), Mr. A. II. Lewis, Mr. Maakin- non, Mr. M'Garrell, Mr. Youl, Mr. R Waterhouse, Mr. Blaino (Capo of Good Hope), and Mr. Ilenry Ingles." Taken in conjunction with the efforts which tho Government of this colony aro about to make to promote the revival of immigra tion to our shores, the formation of this central illuminating point in London., which will throw a now light upon tho advantages Australia has to offer to all those who cast in their lot with her, gives us reason to look forward to tho commencement of a now and improved era for Victoria. Three nominations wcro mado with tho re turning officer for East Bourko last evening — Mr. John Orr, who comes forward as a thick- and- thin Ministerialist ; Mr. William Lobb, the Mayor of Brunswick, who is an independent candidate, but generally supporting the views ef tba Government; and Mr. Thomas Bruntan, The last-named gentleman will it la believed withdraw, and leave tho battle to be fought between Messrs. Orr and Lobb. The election takes place on the 3rd pros. The Chief Secretary, tho Minhter of Mtpea, and the Ccmtnhekuiei; of Public Wqiks rpSjvJd a deputation yesterday from tho Ballarat Water Commission, and Mr. M'CulIocb sold that a sum of 1.35,000 already promised to the commission Bhould ba paid Immediately after tbo passing of tho Loan BUI. Owing to pressuro upon our space we have to hold over a number of advertisements. In our advertising columns will ba found a numerously-signed scqutsltlon to Mr. JoBepb Aarons, of Coffins street, requesting blm to como forward ns the representative of Qlpps Ward In the City Council, on the retirement of Councillor Flockbsrt In Novembsr. The requisition, It will be seen, contains a largo number of irfluentlsl names. Mr, Anrons hos consented to bo nomi nated. Mr. T. Y. Anderson also announces himself n candidate for Qlpp3 Ward. A deputation from Ararat had an interview yestordoy with the Minister of Mines and tbo Minister of Lands, for tbo purposo of asking that certain streets In tbo township might bs thrown open for mining purposes, and the buildings thereon removed. Mr. Grant promised to give n decision after rcfcrcnco to tbo Crown Low Officers. By tbo arrival of the Alharabrn yesterday wo havo some additional items of Intelligence from the Queensland goldflclils. A correspondent of the Maryborough Chronlclo writes as follows with rsforcucs to Gympls : — " Tho extraordinary find of 2000.Z. of gold In Perseverance Reef, a 70oz. nugget at the Deep Creek, and tho Two- tnllo reefing rush, form the principal ltoms of mining news. An abundance of powder having arrived, blasting operations aro going on >n full fcrco ; consequently cur town Is comparatively deserted during (ba day, nltbough presenting tho appearance of n fair nt night — which Is n healthy stato of things." The Jfoahvllla Times of 10th August says : — " Day by day our reefs aro increasing In number, as also, in many In stances, In valuo. There are now 130 registered on tho commissioner's books. This would sur prise old Ballarat or Bcndlgo residents. As a proof of tho richness of our reefs, we may men tion that out of 50 tons of quartz from tho Lady Mary prospecting claim, tbcro was yielded 1495oz. ldwt. The stone picked from the samo quartz had previously turned outl918oz., making n total of 3143-z. ldwt., or on average of CO. z. 19dwt. to the ton." Satisfactory accounta have been received from Ivllklvan and Jimna gold- fields. A supplement to last night's Gcz;tto contains a preliminary notlco of a long list of forfeited allotments open for leasing la agricultural areas on and after tbo 17th September. Ap pended to tbo list is the following : — " Notlco Is hereby given to all parties owning improvements witbin tbo meaning of tbo 28tli section of tho Amending Land Act, on any of Ilia allotments gazetted as open for leasing on tbo 17th Septem ber, that unless a correct description of such Im provements, with tho owner's valuation of tbo Bamo, be transmitted to this offico on or bsforo tbo 7th day of September, tbo claim for valuation will not ba allowed. The owner of tbo Improve ments Is also In such application to nnmo a per son who will be held bound to act within four teen days after tbo day of selection as valuator on his behalf, In the event of tba valuation given by himself being objected to by the person who" may select tho allotment containing the improve ments. J. M. Grant, Commissioner of Crown Lands. Lands and Survey Offica, Melbourne, 27 lb August, 1868." By the steamer which arrived at n lato hour last night we have Hobart Town papera to 26th Inst. Mr. Innes had been elected President of tbo Legislative Council In the room of Mr. Nairn, reeigned. Tba proposed alterations In tba tariff had been denounced at a largo public meet ing. Tbo appointment of Italian Gully aa a polling phco for tbo Italian Gully division of tbo electoral district of Grenvlllo has been revokod, and Piggoreet appointed in Its stead. . In the Court of Mines yesterday, bis Honour Mr. Justice Moleswortb decided that a mining claim in Glpps Land known aa No. 16 Cohen's Reef North, and formerly betd by the Hercules Company, was forfeited, because tbo company bad not worked it for three months prior to tho 18th April, on which dato Mr. Thomas Perkins, of Wood's Point, had appUed to have the claim forfeliod. Mr. Hugh Peck appeared on summons bofore the City Bench yesterday morning, to answer a charge of illegally promoting a lottery ; but tbo case was not entered into, and an adjournment was agreed to until 11 o'clock this morning, on tbe application of Mr. Asplnoll, who was otber- wlso engaged on a parliamentary committee. A meeting of tbo Wesleyan Educational Com mittee (appointed by tbe Wesleyan Church to watch over tbo interests of public education In Victoria) was held at Wesley Church on tbe 21th Inst. The president of tho conference presided, and a large number of ministers and lay gentle men were present. The circulars recently issued by tbe Board of Education wero submitted to tho meeting, and after a long and earnest discussion the following resolutions wero adopted: — "1. That some redaction in tba staff of teachers In Common Schools is reasonable, 2. That, in the opinion of this committee, tbo reductions pro posed by the Board of Education, as set forth in circular 68 | 1, are excessive. Wo, thoreforo, suggest that tbe staff proposed for n school with an average of seventy-five scholars be allotted to a school with an average of sixty-five scholars. 3\. That tbo Board of Education ba respectfully requested to pastpono tbo operation of their now regulations until tho 1st of January, 1869. 4. Tbat a respectful memorial be presented on behalf of this committee to tbo Doard of Education, re questing that Wesleyan ministers who aro mombcrs of local committees shall, when they are removed by the Wesleyan Conference ho rc- pleccd on tho local committees by tho ministers who may succeed them In their respective localities, and that tho nomination of the band of the denomination shall he regarded by tho board H SUlllLlVUti The holding of tbo Ingtcwood General Sessions has been postponed from the 27!h October to tho 13 ill November. A farmers' common has been proclaimed for the uso of selectors and lessees la tbo agricul tural area of Muxrladindl. With reference to tho late pollco charges at Bcechwortb, It was reported In tbo district tbat Bupetlntendent Langley had resigned; but the rumour was not traced to any reliable founda tion. A memorial Is being signed for presenta tion to tbo Chief Commissioner for tbe rein statement of Sub- inspector Downing and Strgeant Tiinmlns. A football match will take placo to- dny In tbe Royal Pork, between a united thirty of the Pemrldgo and Colltogwood clubs and twenty of the Corlton olub. The following are tbe names of tbe Pentridge and Crillagwood team : —Messrs. Green, Hoy, Gainor, Duffe, LUbourno, Doberty, Cameron, Psirco, Hewitt, Haloes, Rennio, Constable, Tlmmins, Rolls, Dredge, Jones, Iddlcs, Clapbam, J. Clarke, P. Clorke, Moodio, Lambetb, Lambeth, Wilkinson, Bell, Thlngland, Pleasant, Trudgoon, Smart, Buckley, Adamson, French, and Brooke. Tho football match between the Melbourne and South Yarra clubs will bo played this afternoon, on (be Mil- bourne ground; kick-off, half-past 2. Tlio following Is tbe Melbourne team Messrs. Bonnie, Bruford, Byrne, Moodle, Bell, For- renlcr, Freeman, Finloy, Hepburn, Leach, Moodio, Green, Thomas, Harrison, Barross, Williams, Cnrr, Rlggall, Scodart, nod M'Len- nan. The following will represent South Yarra: — Messrs. Budd, Birkroyro, Brown, King, Dan. Campbell, Dlsber, Jennings, Dono van, Forrester, Hope, Hammlll, Loughnnn, Ltd lie, James Ogllvle, O'Lenry, H. J. Tbomnr, Talk, Wnltkam, Wbaatlaad, and James Wright; emergency: Messrs. Bromby, Greenwood, G. Wright, Clarke, and Cooper. A football match will also be played this afternoon on tbe South Yarra grousd, botween tbe Hobson's Bay Rail way and the second twenty of the local club. The Railway team will be cbesen from tbe fol lowing : — Messrs. Allan, Altman, Annand, Conols, Dslton, Duncan, Barle, Grcig, Gaodo, Grave, Hackor, Harcourt, Harcourt, Kelghtley, Ktfford, M rcbant, Mitchell, Miller, Miller, Russell, Robertson, Stewart, Vaughan, Wil liams, Wakefield, and Walsh. At a meeting of tbe Medical Society, held lost night, a resolution was passed that It was dcalr- ablo to appoint a teacher of forensic mcdlclno, and a teacher of pathology to conduct coroners' In quests In all cases la public Institutions, and in all others whero tbo coroner thought It dralrablo. The society also approved of tho Mil now passing through Parliament for tbo adoption of tho British Pharmacopoeia. Tho Chief Secretary has given permission to Mr. M. O'Connor, deputy olectorrl registrar, to hold tho office of a member of the 8hiro Council of Motcnlfo until tbo next annual election. An adjourned meeting of Common School teachers was held at tbo Mechanics' Institute Inst night, Mr. Crooko In tho chair, at which a reply to tbo Board ef Education was agreed upon. From a return published In Inst night's Go vernment Gszjtle of the number of persona who arrived In and departed from tbo colony by sen during tbo month of July, wo lenrn that In that period tho arrivals numbered 2345 ; and of theso 1938 woro from tho neighbouring colonlrs, 54 from foreign ports, and 353 from tho United Kingdom. Of tho departures 3410 were for tho othor colonies, 14 for foreign ports, and 151 for the United Kingdom, Tho balance of 1236 of departures oyer arrivals was caused by tbo number Gf persons who loft for tbo Qjmpie diggings, no less tban 2686 adult males having left in ono month. An sccldont occurred at tbe Victoria Quartz Company's claim, Cluncs, on Thursday, by which a young man named Curtbucs lost bis llfo. Wbilo engaged wotklng In tbo mino a qunntlty of quartz gavo way, fell upon and burled blm so completely that death must have been almost Instantaneous. On Thursday the eteeplcchaae on tho new courso at Bungoree was won by Docy Stewart, beating Cadger and tbree othors. Tbo rnce, which was over about tbreo miles of country, In which tba fences wero numerous, was well con tested throughout ; Cadger, ridden by Mr. Gordon, being beaten by only a neck. Many thought Cadger would liavo wan ; but tbo rider mistook tbo course when coming to tbe last fenca and lost ground. Tho weights wero 10st. lib., with tbo usual allowances. Tbero was a fair atten dance, and a largo proportion of tbe spectators wore on horseback. Tba annual meeting of subrcrlbora and friends to tbe Victorian Deaf and Dumb Institution will be held at tbo institution, on the St. KllJa road, next Tburaday evening. Sir W. F. Stawell, tbe Chief Justice, will preside; and his Excel lency the Governor has signified bis Intention of being present. One hundred nnd twenty-threo deaths and sixty-four blrtbs wero registered la the metro politan and suburban registration districts daring tbe week ending 22nd August. Tba public health la reported upon as most satisfactory throughout all tho districts. Tbe Port Phillip Farmers' Society will hold thalr annual ploughing match on Wednesday next. The site chosen Is a pleco of land situated between Prince's Bridge and Emerald HUI. A case lnterestlag to road tollkeepera and persons In tbo habit of conveying merchandise, especially garden produce, In spring carts, was tried at tbo Brighton Pollco Court yesterday, and decided In favour of the tollkecper. J as. Boasely summoned Michael Lynch, tbe toll- keeper, for charging cxccbsIvo toll. Mr. Crisp, who appotred for tho plaintiff, stated that his client had brought this case before tho Bonch la order to test the question as. to tho legality or etherwtsa of charging Is. toll on sprlog carta. He cited tbe caso of Bennett v. Robinson, which was tried at tho Brunswick Police Court under circumstances slmUar to the present. Tho Bench on tbat occasion decided that the chargo on spring carts was Is ; but on 27th March, 1867, an appeal was made to the Sapremo Court which upset that decision, tbe Judga fixing the chargo at fid. In conssquenco of this verdict the then keeper of the toll now In question, at Brighton, was Instructed to charge only fid. thenceforth on spring carts, and the local bodies Interested gave htm L50 as compensation. A new keeper, however (the present defendant), had commenced a few weeks ago to charge Is. on spring carts, sod hence tbe present cose. The defendant's lawyer, Mr. T. Miller, maintained that although the vehicle In question was on springs, yet ai It had been built to carry hoavy merchandise it was liable to a chargo of Is. Complainant acknow ledged using the cart for conveying heavy loads of market produce and not for passengers, and tho Bench dismissed tho caso, as they did not tbtnk tho chargo excessive. The following with reference to tho sham Count who recently visited Sydney and Queensland Is furnished by the Brisbane correspondent of the Queensland Times " A story — which I be lieve la quite truo — la told of the counterfeit Count Von Attorns, which goes n little way in Itself to show he was an Impostor. The Count honoured a boll given hero during his visit with his presence, and lamented, with a mast lugu brious countenance, to a lady that ho waa put about for alack of funds — not, however, that ho wanted tho lady to loan htm any, but by way of braggadocio. ' My dear madam, I can assure you zat I havo only got six zwsand pounda to last mo for von fortnight, nnd I veel quite 1 miserable.' He paid tbe owner of the Hamlet's Gbost for tho yacht, but, I am afraid, got tbo money on tho strength of certain papers from another Brisbane gentleman, Tho Count was very profuse with Iris (7) money, both hero nnd on tho way from Sydney, nnd ' shouted ' eliam- psgne la the most extravagant manner. He took away with him, as captain of his yacht, Mr. Hamlyn, late of tbo Queensland Steam Naviga tion Company's service, but they fell out at eieciiaampion ana separated. A young gcntlo- man threw up his situation in tho Custom- house, Maryborough, to go with the count, but ha also left the yacht nt Rcckbampton, and 19 cither back or on his woy back. Tbero Is very little doubt that wo shall hear of tho ' Ghost ' before she gots to Batavla, supposing that to ha her destination ; for sirs Is n glmcrack craft, and it la unlikely the new owner would caro to go for from land in hor." Wo porcelvo that tho Duko of Edinburgh Theatre Is to bo opened undor tbo management of Mr. Gilbert Roberts on Saturday, 26th Sep tember. It Is tho Intention of the now manage ment to produce several novelties In inodorn comedy and drama. Nearly all tho dress-circle bonds havo been disposed of, nad It Is therefore to ba hoped that Mr. Roberts will prove successful la bis venture. Tho Hesd.quarlers Band will play this after noon from 3 to 5 o'clock, at tho Fitzroy Gardens, tho following selections: — March, "Tann- linuser," Wagner ; quadrillo, " Linda," D'Albert ; selections from " Dlnorab," Meyer beer; overture, "Jublllee," Wobar; waltz, " First Lovo," Farmer ; selections from " The Grand Duchess of Gerolsteln," Offenbach; polka, " Skedaddle," Sledo. On Wednesday last tho officora of the Customo Department presented Mr. A. W. Smart, ono of their number, with a handsomo gold pencil- caso nnd breast-pin, on tho occasiun of his loavlng this port for Warrnambool, to which station ho has been appointed as landing-waiter. Mr. Smart has been for somo years connected with tho Customs. Tbo Bendlgo Advertiser Lbb tbe following with referonce to tho Sydney Flat rush : — " Thoro cannot bs tbo slightest doubt but the diggings aro just like ' Old Bcndlgo' in rich ness, and tbat nuggets— most of tho gold being In that form — aro being unearthed, nnd very little said about It. On Thursday ono of 5oz. weight was found, together with ljoz of smaller bite, In a fow tlndiabfuls of stuff; while only recently ono of 17cz. was obtained. The general weight of tho nuggets Is from Joz. up to 3m. Several of the claims are yielding 2oz. and 3oz of gold to Ibe load. 1/ „ . there would bo a Rroat Incre.l? >UtB i of gold obtolnod ; but fi3. nloml i serious drawback to the ellnvta. Y'StB11'' , dally in nuggat.y ground.Th ® ' ! loads may bavo to bo washed bril? got. Tbo water question |, . Whlpatlck district, and lmmodUta « » bo taken to got n water aunpiv >, In tho County Court jeBim',1. 1,1 named Mahoney sued ' .'y" qeic. Tf lessee of tho Richmond qunrrlrC» fCtlI,l-Pt, injuries received whllo |n dt- fenrinno' KlM ment. Tbo facts stated were, u,,. ! #' ago Mahoney was employed at ii, quarries. Ono day n number „( eborges were put into n layer ofato dent's woikmen, and nccordinc t„ .? after the fuse was lighted tharae„,1tll'W«, then, when the blasts went off r. in. work. Tho foreman for the 'def£m)?lot«l,i evidence that only fivo holes wern i iR', all the witnesses oRrced that flvo bl6M '®rh baforo tho men returned; but ltnmM| llff« had dono so another went off, and injured plaintiff, ii: Aiding stvere faco, head, and body, besides broohlniV0' "E cap, from tha effects of which hedldn for twenty- four weeks. tj10 dam claimed becnuso of negligence, it be|„ 11 >Lli tho person directing tho b'lastfne B obould have known the blasts had n off. For tbo dofoHdanf, It was cunt! J'l tho number of holes filled had all cxubi tbat tho sixth explosion must have Ism j 1 '1 hoto that had already exploded In ,,, , Bindon appearod for plaintiff. Hr p u far defendant, submitted that If (he p).i been Injured otherwise than by occldcuifJ tho fault of ono of defendant's servants i ho (defendant) was notllablo. Mr. o number of cases In support of t(, ,J' which tbo Judge beld to be a good accordingly nonsuited the plaintiff. ' Wo havo received from Mr. W. T b H C.E., a pamphlet containing a series' ottfbHl letters " On tbo Sanitary Condition of UlH( bourne," reprinted from tho columns of i temporary. The subject treated by Jtr, Is an Important one, and some of h|s ,J, aro well worthy of perusal and conrideratloaB A man named Hugh Norton i ' M, for trial at the City Pollco Court yeiwH morning for forging tbo signature ofMr.Ctl Duffy, M.L.A., to a chcquo for L9 10j, \ days ago the prisoner went Into tbe hotel, Bourko street, kept by Gerald FsgitH presented the cbcque; and upon thestreng'iil tits atatemont that be bad received the from Mr. Duffy for work and labour, elhkl L3. Tho signature to tho cheque wu quently found to be a forgery. Tho search for tbo missing child atW.1 has proved fruitless. A great number o! taj. H men wont out on Sunday last, and ever; m within a mils of tbo houso was cloaoly sesriM I but no trace of tbe llttlo wanderer could bi&K; covered. It Is suspected by some tbat snivlfc' rigtnsl colled " Johnny Monahnn" bos ito'al® the child, but It is not known on whstgrsuliK this suspicion Is based. tu A German waiter, who recently strayed mi|K from Homilton, has beon found near BasltllH In a most pitiable plight. Tbe appreheodltiH constable found him walking In the bush pu.K fectly unclothed, with tbo exception ofo pilrdB boots. He carried a gum branch in osch bic!,l which he waved to and fro, and was speiklsil loudly to himself. Howes clad and broogtil Into Hamilton, there being no court at Doaktlil sooner than Thursday. The poor fellow, who hi quite insane, was at ono time a welter ill Garten's hotel, Melbourne, I Tlio Qeolong Rogister says " Maksn dl butter expect that the supply this year wlU mil ba much mora than ono-tblrd that of ordloiql years, for the grass is so baokward that the ami are not giving one-half of their usual amouDlil milk. There has beea such an exceptional small quantity of rain so far, tbat the su/rfffU gross is but very little, and the cows\u<®\ that amount of food needful, In order MfgjB may give a large quantity of milk," 1 Tho Rev. P. S. Mtnzies is to occupy fit pulpit of Scots' Church to-morrow, both morn ing and evening. The amended rules and by-laws of tbe SI, Francis' Benefit Society, as registered under tb Friendly Societies' Act, have been published id circulated for tho information of the members, Madame Anna Bishop and Mr. Charles bu colics have returned to Melbourne, afters set. ceoaful professional tour through the princlpd towns of the iaterlor. Next week they wii give, nt tbe Theatre Royal, their farewell cos. certa in Melbourne. Tbo Daylesford Mercury states that appt- reutly tho " earth hunger" of tbo Bmaller colli, vators In that district is far from nppoased. Tb commission under tho 42ad clause, which ill tbero on Wednesday, entertained Blxty- six appli cations for licenses, ranging from a fow acres s; to eighty. Of these, thirty wero approved, ih wero refused, and tho rest either postponed a deferred for tho opinion of the Board of Lsri nnd Works or thb Department of Mines. Thl total aroa applied for waa over 1620 acres. The commissioners investigated every claim with much greater caro than formerly, and an uniuoii number of licenses wero granted subject la special mining conditions. A very clever cspturo of a couplo olaul notorious Chlocso burglars was effected onVfiJ- ncsdoy, on tbe Ballarat and Beaufort road, ncti Trewalla. The robbery took place on Wcdnei- day morning frctn tho store ol Messrs. Lewlt and Rain, and through tho exertion of tho police all tbe property has been recovered. At both theatres last night tho camo per- formances were repeated. At the Royal this evening will be given " Tho Hvpocrito," with Mr. Coppln as Maw worm, and for tbo last time "The Siege of Troy." Tiiore will also ba a day performance of tbo last. At tbe Duke oi Edin burgh tho bill will Include " Aurora Floyd, "Et. Barlow's monkeys and dogs, and " Hsriy Andy." 