THE POPULAR READINGS AT THE MECHANICS' INSTITUTE. The eleventh entertainment of tbe second series of " Popular Readings " took place in the. Me chanics* Institute last evening, and was well attended, the large room of the institute being crowded. Mr E. N. Emmett occupied the cbair, and after an overture had been played by Mrs Fatherley on the piano, he called on Mr Hearle for a reading, and that gentleman responded by giving in a very pathetic manner- " The death of Little'Joe " from one of Charles Dickens's works. Mr Moffitt also gave a fine reading. Mr McCormack related a humorous anecdote about the Frenchman; catching rats. Mr Hardie at tempted to give a reading in the latter portion of the evening entitled " The Generalship. of Women," but was obliged to desist in conse quence of the continued noise kept up by one or two persons who seemed to have gone there with the express purpose of showing tbeir bad man ners, but who received a very pointed rebuke from Mr Hardie. Miss Smallwood in the song •'Why. do I weep," and Miss Steane and Miss Smallwood in the duets ".Merrily o'er the calm blue sea " and " The Convent Bells," sang beau tifully, and were greatly applauded. Mr T. Stewart sang two songs—" The fair enchantress " and "Bonny Jean"—with great taste and sweet ness of expression. Mr Message sang " Though fate decrees that we must sever" very fairly, but was not quite so successful in the encore song— "Kis3 me, good night, mother." "The ship on fire" was sung by Mr Hill so well that he was encored, and then he sang " The barrel of pork." Mr Carss sang "Have you seen tbe ghost" and 11 Carry a friend in your pocket" in his usual merry style. A recitation by Mr McCormick— " Little Tim "—although rather quickly delivered, was well received. Mr W. H. Casey also gave a very good recitation entitled "A pleasant journey." Several members of the Volunteer Band played selections from the opera, of "Lucretia Borgia," and the entertainment was brought to a close. Rifle Match.—Tbe second match for the silver cup, presented by Captain' Joseph to the Bendigo Rifles, fakes 'place to-day, commencing at half-past one o'clock, at the Back Creek Butts. ■ •'Mechajiics' Institute.—The committee meet ing to have been held 'last night was adjourned, and the .half-yearly meeting was also adjourned until this day week, as the "Popular Readings," which'were'taking place in the hall above, pre vented a lull meeting of members. ; AcciBJEKT.—James.Perry, a miner working in tbe Johnson's Beef Company's claim, met with a serious accident yesterday evening. . It appears he was'knocking down some stone from overhead which bad recently been fired, when a portion of between one and two cwts. fell on him,' striking birn on the head. He was conveyed homel and the services of Dr. II. Boyd having been' secured, he was found to have sustained an'extensive [ wound oa the head ; the knee cap was broken in: several pieces, and the flesh lacerated. He also; [ 'received some severe bruises about the body. " The Weathbb.—The thermometer yesterday registered at Messrs Joseph and Co'b, Pall Mall, ft follows 9 jt.m,46°; noon, 50®; 3 p.m, 59°; 6 p.m, 52°; maximum, 60°; miuimum during tbe previous night, 41°. Barometer, 29.640. - , 