Queensland. ' The manufacture of sugar in Queensland, ' says the Ararat Ad vertiser, ' promises to be a great success. Judging by a letter re ceived by Dr. Hooper, of Ararat, from his nephew, Mr. J. Grenside, who was for some time also a resi dent on Ararat, but now manager of the principal sugar plantation in Queensland, there is every like lihood of the company for which he is acting being shortly in an excel lent position. The sugar, a sample of which is at present at our office, looks to be of remarkably good quality, while the rum which they produce on the plantation is not con sidered inferior to any other quality imported. It is said by those who are conversant with the profits to be obtained from this industry, that in i he course of a few years large tracts of land in that country will be taken up with the view of prosecuting this pursuit, which is rapidly find ing favour with the moneyed clasees.' The following with reference to the sham Count who recently visited Sydney and Queensland is furnished by the Brisbane correspondent of the Queensland 1 i n ? : — ' A story — which I believe in quite true — is told ot the counterfeit Count Von At terns, which goes a little way in itself to sh iw he was an impostor. The Count honoured a ball given here during his visit with his pre -ence, and lamented, with a mini lugubrious countenance, to a lady i hat he was put about for a lack of funds — not, however, that he want el the lady to loan him any, but by way of braggadocio. ' My dear madam, I ran assure you zat I have only got rix zousand pounds to last me lor von forinight, and I veel quite miserable. ' He paid the owner of the Hamlet's Ghost for the yacht, but, I am afraid, got the money on the strength of certain papers from another Brisbane feiitleman. The Count was very profuse with his (?) money, both here and on the way from Sydney, and 'shouted' champagne in the most extravagant manner. He took away with him, as captain of his yacht, Mr. Hamlyn, late of the Queensland Steam Navigation Company's service, but they fell out at Rockhampton and separated. A young gentleman threw up his situation in the Custom-house, Maryborough, to go with the count, but he also left the yaoht at Rock hsrapton, and is either back or on his way back. There is very little ?loubt that we shall hear of the ' Ghost' before she gets to Batavia, supposing that to be her destination ; for she is a gimcrack craft, and it is unlikely the new owner would care to go far from land in her. ' A correspondent of the Mary borough Chronicle writes as follows with reference to Gympie : — ' The extraordinary find of 2000oz. of gold in Perseverance Reef, a 70oz. nug get at the Deep Creek, and the Two-mile reefing ruih, form the principal item* ol mining news. An abundance of powder having arrived blasting operations are going on in full force ; consequently our town is comparatively deserted during the day, although presenting the appearance ot a fair at night— which is a healthy state ot things. ' The Nashville Times of 19th Aug. «ays : — ' Day by day our reefs are increasing in number, as also, in many instances, in value. There are now 130 registered on the com missioner's books, this would sur prise old Ballarat or Bendigo resi dents. As a proof of the richness of our reefs, we may mention that out of 50 tons of quartz from the Lady Mary prospecting claim, there wai yielded I495oz ldwt. The stone picked Iroin the same quartz had previously turned out I948oi , making a total ot 3443oz ldwt., or an average of 69oz. 19 Iwt to the ton. ' Satisfactory accounts have been received from Kilkivan and Jimna gold-fields. The European summary of the Messagier de Fahiti,of the 4th May has reached us. VVe learn from it that the Countess dc la Ronciere, the wife of the Imperial Commissary has been obliged, from tailing healt: , to return to Fran'-e, On the 23rd of April the new lighthouse at Haupape had been inaugurated by Mgnr. Pompallier, the R. C. Bishop of Auckland. There was a grand party on the occasion at the Government-house at Papieti. The lighthouse was constructed under the immediate superintendence of M. de la Taillt, Capt. da Genie. 