CA8TLEMAINE WHOLESALE MARKET. ' Thnrridav. March 19. A t The prbtluoo market has taken a - very firm tone, CffiEU Kis. ibfetm gradually ddvdtlcibg since lost weak: The largo quantities of flour that have been for; warded to Melbourne are telling on the remaining stock by an improved pric.e for wheat of local growth; for which 7s. 4d to 7s 6d is given for good samples. Flour is £19 to £19 10s, and is firmly held. The corn market that is open every Saturday has been greatly . neglected by both buyers and a sellers;, ' It.. has? never drawn towards it any largri airiouut; of supplies, and is now considered a failure. At- Kynbton a corn market has been opened on Thursdays, and so; far as tried it gives promise of \- being successful, .Merchants from Sandhurst and "Melbourne have attended; and from its being in an agricultural district, and opened at the time when produce is ih request, it has received a good start. Gats have sprung to 4s Cd and 4s 9d, and wo havo Tbvriri, heard of fuller prices being offered. Their f Scarcity, coupled with shortness in maize, occa sioned by the floods ih Sydney, gives the proba bility that they will rule high. Maize is worth "58 ''3d; Capo barley, 3s 9d to 4s; and oatmeal, aaff ios. s- Murray- & Christie report flour at the mills at £19T0s; brab, Is 2d pollard, ls8d; wheat is coming in at 7s Cd for good samples; maize, 5s 2d ,to 5s 3d. '-'-Corbet & Rogers report flour £19 to £19 10s; oats, '4s to 4s 9d; maize, 5s 3d; malting bat-ley (English), 5s 6d ; Cape do, 3s 9d to 4s ; bran, Is 2d ; Wheat,' 7s 4d to 7s 6d; pollard, Is 5dtols7d; "colonial oatmeal, £20 10s. A Bad Decision for Ciiinamen". — The Creswick Advertiser remarks that the Hit or MiBs Company will not be in a hurry to seek justice again in the -Police Court. For some time past their puddling Lfcachihes have been most wantonly rifled, and,. sus pecting night visitors, two of the shareholders kbot watch on Monday night. About two o'clock in the uioniing they espied a couple of worthies, one of whom mounted the stage of the puddler and was about stepping ih, when the watchers disturbed them by stepping on some tin. Off went the prowlers and after'them the shareholders, and they succeeded after a stiff run, iu bagging one — a Chinaman, fully .equipped for the work he had to do. He had two .tin dishes, a bag and a scraper. Instead of lynch ing John on the spot, they thought they would let him get justice in the approved way, and accordingly brought him before tbe court. Because John had ..not taken the gold, and because the puddlers were not fenced in, the case was summarily dismissed. .The shareholders thought it was justice's justice and little satisfaction for their forbearance. Upon the next attompt we caii only warn John the share holders will take, a more prompt and satisfactory method of dealing with him, and save themselves the trouble and expense of seeking justice upon a China- .man-ina. police court, _ Death of ihe Pioneer Gold Miner or California.— —Tho death of Isaac Humphrey is announced at Victoria on the 1st Dec. 1867. He was known as "Major," and an important character in the history of California. He was a Georgian by birth, and had worked in tbe placers in that State before coming to this coast. When Marshall discovered gold at Sutter's Mill, now ColomArori the 19th January, 1S48, be declared that the metal was gold ; but .he could not prove it ; 1m associates did not believe him, and his dis covery" had no influence. Tbe men in tbe neighbourhood knew nothing about gold mining, and all, including Marshall, continued their labours on the mill and thill race, and ordinary work.jbst as though there had keen no gold iu the neighbourhood. .Nevertheless, they would oceasitJhally: pick Uji bits of yellow metal in tho race, and as thcSe stood the test of Mrs Weimer's soap tSule— the only test known at Sutter's Mill — tho men began to feel uneasy, ahd two 'months and a'Gialf after tho discovery, one of them, named Bennet, came down to San Francisco with Some specimens to post himself. He showed his little nuggets to Somo acquaintances, and one oFThemliappened to .know that Humphrey had been'hgold mihhr, so B'ehnet was taken to him. -A look satisfied the Georgian of the character tofc the;. metal, and when he was told that these lumps werepicked up by men who were not miners ihh-dncLred that though there had been sb'me .richdiggings Ih his native State, there Was ho 'pliibe there as rioh ah the riice of Sutter's Mill. He determined ti> go thither at once and tried to persuhd'o some friends to accompany him, but failed, "so bo went alone. The morning after his arrival at the -Mill in the first week of April, ho went out frith a shovel and pah, and got several fltflidrs' worth in the first panful, and after trying 'a mfrnber of places and finding the gold rivery- fr here, lie' hiado a rocker and sat down to yyo'rk regularly, washing out llie gold rapidly. Marshall and all his friends saw ,ho w it was done, and in three days nfter Hum phrey's arrival erory occupation savo gold min ing was abandoned in that neighbourhood, and men who had been glad to frork a woek before for a-dollrir a day were not content unless they were making 30 or '10 dollars. The news spread, and California becdme famous and great, and 1,600, 000, 000, dol. have flowed from the fountain that was discovered by Marshall and opened by Humphrey.— Alia California. '"fjfile Honey Ants of Mexico. — A most 'ejiir.ous, species of ants is found in Southern Mex ico, known as tho " honey ants." Among these cbrous insects a portion of the community secrete lfoney in the abdominal cavity, until they swell up , to the, shape of small grapes. Thcso in dividuals .form the. storohouso for tho balance of the com- -mnriily; and ' during tlto winter they are de spatched' in succession, to furnish food for the otlior members of tbe colony. They also bear .much relation to tho workers among the honey J>je8,<and, like, them; do not possess tho power of. fecundity. It is a puzzling question among the inquirers into the " origin of spocies " from a Scientific standpoint, to comprehend bow tho 'sterility of. tho working ants and bees was ever ' introduced through the medium of modified de scent— thb Darwinian theory— or how it is kept Tijj'froW- .-generation to generation among thoso jhdividuals wild/have no posterity to inherit jifiieir, peculiarity of structure. How' by modified descent, is the honey-making capacity of the '.'-hoiiey ant " transmitted, when thoso who pos- Eriss' it are, year after year, Systematically do« Btroycd P These facts scorn to point, with almost, irresistible logic, to tbo thoory of " spo- "dial creation," Jviso Theodore's " Hospitality."— On entering the. audience chamber my doubt3 as to the isBUe of my .art ventures increased tenfold, for on each side of; (the King stood a row o£ soldiers with their Isfrbrds drafrii, ahd looking, as 1 thought, exceed ingly hungry. His Majesty was, however, not bad tempered, and had toe seated near to bim. There upon be gave a sign, the soldiers rushed at me with their drawn swords. I thought at once of giving lip the ghost without any bother, but happily for: my parents, they ruBlied past, and before I could recover from my surprise, returned, each bearing in his hand a bleeding piece of raw moat, which was handed to the dignitaries present, not excopting my- iuelf.' By thiS time I had become so thoroughly ac climatised that I fancy a dish of raw baby would not hkr'e induced ine to die a. death of starvation; so I' .bravely attached my portion, and with some di'ffi- ' .liiilty managed to accomplish the feat of devouring about two pounds of tough beef, raw and crude, in something less than seven minutes. By wny of pro moting digestion, morissa and mastic, a kind of raki, wero handed round, aud when his Majesty had satisfied himself with his favourite beverage, he made mo and the A buna Salatna draw closer to him. — London Socioty, 