MEN WITH FORTES. EXPLANATION. I HAVE paid JOHN CABSTAIBS, Esq., and JOHN GABSTAIBS, Esq., lias paid me. Our payments were made in different ways. I paid J. CABSTAIBS, Esq., with coin of the realm, the " root of all good." J. CABSTAIBS, Esq., paid me over the head and eyes until my vision has become totally obscured. He said at my last lesson he would give me the finis hing'polish, and he knocked me senseless. I came to in about an hour, and the first thing I remember asking was, " Will the cpjning man drink wine ?" I knew I was conscious then. J. C., Esq., said he thought! would do now, and there was "no call to be afear'd of the argufying gent." I felt relieved at this oil being poured into my wounds, and sat up rejoicing. The sun was sinking slowly and laboriously, and by its] fast receding light I noticed we were not alone. A dark figure stood with its back to the window. I motioned to it. " My mate," said J- C., Esq. " My mate, 'ARRY SALLARS. I immediately recognised the features of the boxing Ethiopian, and waved my hand gaily. " How d'ye feel now, sir ?" said he of the sable hue. I remarked casually that RICHARD was himself again. " Put the mittens on with me, sir, for a few minutes; I'll bring you round." I did put the mittens on with him. To-day (Tuesday, Dec. 29) I see the world again (with the left eye). H. SALLARS, Esq., closed my eyes so effectually I could not open them again. I do not know when the right one will be ready for use. My oculist says in about three weeks. I remark—" That's all my eye!" My oculist and myself see the joke, and laugh. My oculist is a decent fellow, but his forte is to tame the wild and unbroken steed of the boundless prairie, and it's rather a nuisance; otherwise, * ' his champagne * is good. r e * * * I NOW UTTER MY WAR CRY, " EN AVANT TO THE RESCUE," AND THROW MY GAUNTLET INTO THE ARENA. (Mem. for the COmpositor.—Please put this challenge in small caps.) " Cheer # on the * * pack, the » quarry stands * at bay." * « No. VI. THE MAN WITH THE ARGUMENTATIVE FORTE. I COME into the " George" half singing, half humming, " The Bloated Young Aristocrat," tra-la-la-la-la. " Hang it," says my F. W. T. A. Forte, " if there is one song I abominate more than another, it is that disgusting song you are always singing." <• Well," I say, " shall I change it ?" and then I launch out with " Not for Joseph, oh dear, no." My A. F. says he thinks my tastes are very low. He never heard any one but me sing those vulgar songs. I saythey are in everybody's mojithnow. I explain they are popular airs from the new burlesque, and it is the fashion to sing them, and I might as well be" out of the world as out of fashion 3 "Bah" he says (and turns his spectacles upside down on his nose). I only do it to*annoy him. )( I stop singing, and say to myself, " Oh what a piece of work is man. "Well," says mjf A. F., after a pause, "why have you stopped singing, pray?" "My dear sir," I say, "didn't you say it annoyed you? " And suppose it did," says my A. F., " is that any reason you should stop ?" " Gentlemanly feeling," I murmur. " If you will oblige me (he speaks distinctly and warmly), you will continue your ditty of 'Not for Joseph.'" . I say "No, I'm not in the vein," and look out of the window. He says "That's just the way; everybody does everything they can to worry and annoy him." He feels very much hurt —very much hurt indeed; and he will go at once and purchase " Not for Joseph/' and sing it as well as I can, before I am a week older. " This cuts me to the heart, •#•••,.: • * # * * Next day, as I come in, I hear loud voices in the strangers' room. "Now, gir," says voice No. I, "I repeat, it is a very warm day." " So it are, sir," says voice No. 2. "Once for ajl," says yoice No. 1, "cannot you understand why gave you that half-crown P Did I not, sir, pay you to come and contradict me in everything I said, so that I might argue the matter out, and here you keep on continually agreeing with me. Zounds, sir, what do you mean by it?" (I recognise the voices to be those of the waiter and my Argumentative Friend; I still listen.) ' WAITER (suddenly recollecting for what purpose he had received the half-crown): " Don't mean nothing, sir!" A, F. (very warmly—more than there's any occasion for): "Nothing, sir—what's nothing?" WAITER (half-crown still in his mind's eye): "What's that to you!" Then comes a crash, a short silence, followed by a noise like the beating of dough, and the door is burst open, and the agonised form of the waiter (pale as a ghost) presents itself, closely pursued by my A. E. The waiter, by a superhuman effort, doubles, and my A. F. closes with me. Now, I think to myself, as a light flashes out of my left eye, CARSTAIRS to the rescue." My A. F. has me by the hair ; I have my A. F.'s head in chancery (pugilistic term). " Let me see," I say; " J. CARSTAIRS would recommend an upper cut. I will try one." " BANG." I administer ona^os^MpMyjright into his spectacles. This steadies him. I rep^wj^fe^erktio He tries to crogs-buttopkS$te}(^ , but I baffle him by a well-directed blow in the ysual place. By this time several Im'enfbeyi j^isg^nblVcIj with rapture. They saj( a¥i< -k^iWerft ' L and they look on * do it." " I go it," and give my. %%& eye. I lift my A. F, up andlop^Afrius Osed, and the ruby fluid is fast oozing from his ^sat oi - ; I think another will finish him. I administer another, and then drop him, I think I have knocked him into the .middle of next year. He moans not, neither doth heapeak. The bystanders look on ana are silent. J. CARSTAIRS, Esq., put the finishing touch on me. I have put the finishing touch on my A. F. Thus I leave him on my easel, with all the high lights put in by myself. # # Later in the day I see him in the Town Hall, arguing with the workmen. His right eye is closed. " J. CARSTAIRS, Esq., thou hast trained me well. I thank thee." The waiter cannot be found. It is supposed he hashed into the wilderness Thus I am master of the position. noble art? * # * # # Who would not learn the Next week my friend with the —- but no, my eye is closing again. I must get a secretary. 