WATE H. POLICE jobüttT.-SATUJIDAT. (Dobro Mesara. UroMat «od lt. 1UU.) .Tilomas - M. Woituliigton, oa bau, oliargod witu being arl insolvent about to remove out of tho jurisdic- tion of tho Supremo Oourtof Now South "Wales, was Itoraandod until MoHday. Sall extended. . Oatharliio lillis was sent to gaol Xor ono nunth for . .vsirnnoy. . Mcrgurot Lynoh waa flood 10A, or Utroo days (o gaol, ipr drunkenness, - .' . , Jíawpnul S. Kelly was Unod Ci, or twenty-four hour«, »or drunkaonoss' ' . Mary iMbito was sont to gaol for A mojóla, for ftgrwoy. _.Tatriok Brady waa sont lo' gaol for throo mouths, for stoaling'a stenoraT^h'sTiammer, valuo OJ., tho property ofj Potor Bponco.|'1 -\ v ; '.} Í; f <. Jr<'j> f ... .. .-. !ROBTEB.-Monday, April 37, . Messrs. Williams, Stenhouse, and,Rattray; Wodnoaday, Messrs. Evans. Ri lilli, and Sponno; ' Thursday, Mossrs. O.' 'Hill 'Hordern, Oatley, and Pearco ; Friday, May 1, Messrs .Chapman, Armitago, and Burnell j Saturday, Mr. Day i Tho growth of chicory ls ongaging tho attention of tho farmers of tho Darling Bowns. > Salman trout aro at prcsont very plentiful in tho' Diver Barwon, especially > near tho tanneries. Mrs. Robort Hoir was about to givo a sorios of read ings at tho Polytechnic Hall, Dunodin. Tho railway trains on Tuesday, will run as on Sundays. ! Tho quartz j reefs in tho vicinity bf Lambing Flat arc stated, on tho best authority, to bo now paying. : Tho ninth exhibition of tho Mudgoo Agricultural Sociotyis to bo held ou tho 5th and Otb August noxt. The Braidwood folks aro going to ; colobrato tho Qucon's Birthday by atholotio sports and a grout bon- fire on Mount Jollamatong. '. It is confidently stated that opposition is organising against tho futuro rotura of Mr. Martin for tho oleoloral'district of tho Lachlan. Tho blacksmiths of Rockhampton aro agitating for thaeight hour labour system, and appoar likoly to aohiovo their wishes. 1 , : ¡ Mr. Walter Montgomery ls announcod to appear at tho Thontro Royal, Melbourne, towards tho end of tho month. ' ? ? ' A samplo of raisins, manufactured at a vinoyard on tho Lower Moira, has been oxhibitod at Echuca. Thoy are said to bo of oxcollont flavour. "' ." A complimentary dinner was given last week to Mr. 'A. J. Hooko, lato manager of the branoh bank of Now South Wales at Wagga Wagga.' Tho ship Gala has been chartorod at Melbourne, by tho lump BUHi for tho, con voy anco of horsos to India, and will leave in about a fortnight. Tho half-yearly general mealing of tho members of tho Maitland.School of-Arts was held in tho hall of tho institution, on Thursday ovoning, Not moro than forty mouthers at tho outsido woro pres.nt. . Tho Public school, ' Goulburn, as tho legal diffi- culties in connection therewith seem to liavo been stisfnctorily disposed of, is to.bo'oponed on tho 4th proximo. ' '.'"'' '* ' Mr. Moorhouso -resigns tho Suporintendonoy of Canterbury, Now Zealand, owing to tho pressure of {irivato affairs ; ¿lr. Bowen, tho resident magistrate, is ikoly to bo his successor. Wator is very scaroo in tho Ballerino district, Victoria, at prêtent, tho calilo in many platos, having to travol thrco or four miles to gol their wants 'sup plied. . ? A littlo boy, thirteon months old, son of Councillor M'Mnhon, of Ondit, wai 'drownod a few days ago by falling into a tub, which contained a small quantity of wator. 1 .' '. '..' " Tho Wanganui .Ohroniclo says :-Our Acclimati- sation Society bas been ,vory fortunato in tho impôt ti lion of n nice; hoalthy lot of quails by.-tho Lady Donison, from Sydnoy, this voyage. Many thanks aro due tc- Captain Pernio for h)B caro and attontion.'.' Tho matitor of tho Vibilia, schoonor.has been fined £ö, foi- assaulting a constable in tho execution,of his duty. , Thu uasäult aroso out af tho constablo endea- vouring to provóht defendant's men from loadingcoals' on Ka.toi- Sunday. Sumo'bullocks which;hiuo bean curod by .Morgan's proceiiB by. the injection-of brino at Messrs. Towns and Co.'ii eotnhliatiment, for tho uso of vossols omployod ; in tho breno <Jü-racr. t'ade, is highly cstccmod on tho . fishing station. .It ia staled'that two companies ,of tho 1-ith Rcgi mout, commuudod by OaplhiiiB Saunders-aod-' Morgan respectively, tire under oidois for Wostorn Australia, to relievo Ü.M. , 50th, which is ordered to Sydnoy, the authorities hoing bf opinion'that tho military forcoin .New South Waios requires to bo strpugthqnoih , j ,, Throo dofunct' Chinprnon, ' caoh floundering in twenty-five quads of gonova, woro on 'Thursday, con- voyed through Beaufort on their way to Creswick, It is to ba hopod (observes tho Ohroniclo) that no ona will venture on tho . unsavoury experiment'of "tapping' tho admiral." ?'..-." .. .,. ' s . The Mayor nnd5aldormen. of lho.Town_Cojincil ot Nowcas'lo-havo undertaken to en'crtain tho Btibjeotof tho Prluco.Alfred Hospital, and will cnnvuBB ca h ward for subscriptions. ,. A publia snooting of tho inhabitants of Goulburn is to bo held on Thanks- giving Day.. t*. .,.'?,"'' Patrick Smith, who had to appear last week at Armidale as a witness in the trial of James Brady, for shooting and wounding, &c;, returned to Inverell, and found that during his absence his dwelling had been burnt, and was reduced to a heap of ashes. It is sup- posed to be the work of an incendiary. . At Moruya, on Ki*tor Tuesday, Mr Dean Franois, on behalf of. tho subscriber«, presented a pu reo of forty-two sovereigns, with ah address, to tho Anglican clergyman ol thu district, tho-Rev. Alfred T. l'uddi oo'mbe.' Tho reverend gontleman has only bconin tho district two years, hut in that timo ho has gainod tho good-will and ' affect'ori of tho entire population. Ono of tho wardors employed at tho St. Ho!cna Penal Establishment, Queensland, has been dismissed by tho authorities for having cxpreesod sympathy with- Fenians. This will bo satisfactory intelligence, sayB tho Guardian, to all loyal colonists, as it shows that tho Government aro doterminod to;crush 'treason and disloyalty on their first appearànca amongst us. Tho man William Portas, who was somo'few. weeks eiuco brought before tho Singleton Bondi, on a ohargo of rapo upen a girl undor ten years of.ago, and was discharged in,consequence of tho: girl not understaud ing tho nature of an oath, has been again charged with tho offence, tho polico having recoivod instructions from the Attornor-Goncra! to commence proceedings. dc-novo.. ( ,. , , ,, ,. , Albort Taylor, n . farmer) living rit "Wínba, near Hoxliam, was Unod 20s. and court costs, last week, for leaving a Uro ignited , by him in tho , opon air unex .tinguished. Taylor was convicted under tho first claueo.of tho".Oarolc»s Uso. of Firo Proyontion Act," assented to by the colonial Parliament on tho 7th April, 1807, and Iiis is tho first casa under this Act tbat has.como before tho Ncwcastlo Bunch. Tho Nash ville ? Times calls tho attention of store kcopces to tho fact that a gang- of forgers, liss arrived nt tho diggingr, bringing with them flash notes and nuggots. Tho notes aro headed " Now South Wales' in a eeniioiielo, and underneath is written Com- mercial Butting Company." : Tho forgery is, ¡ wo understand, very woll done, but tho paper does not resemble-bank papor. .,.. \- A married Indy, who has boen for somo time past suffering from montai dobility. and who was staying a fow dayB a' li or mothor'a houjo in Ballaarat East, loft" thoro _ on Saturday, and has not Bince boon heard of. She is supposed*to havo wondorod into tho bush, a foinalo answering hor descriptionhaving boon scon on Sunday: morning on a hill -near tao tillo butt«, Ballaarat East An autlvq search has boon organised Thoro'woro upwards of fifty potilionB proaontod last Munday by civil sorvants of Melbourne v. tho Queen for arrears of saliry, also a notltion by tho following : -Moubrny and Lush, for #10,783 OB. dd., for goods supplied on contract to various publia departments ', and ju-'gmont was slgnod In Newman v. Tho Queen for £178 OJ. 8d., aud JLO .ls. Od, costs In an action on contract. . ' , Tho horso Musjid, taken bythobushrangorJohnton, from Mr, Farrar, was found hy trooper Lat! mer at a placo called Cockabutta, twonly milos from Talbrog.tr. It is reported (says tho Mitdgoa Liboral) that Jonuson hnasincostolon thocclebratod horso Vanguard, from Mr. Watorford, Merotherie.' As tho fallow is woll mountad and is porfuotly acquainted with tho country, ho will lead tho polico aprotty danco boforo ho ls captured. At tho last mealing of the Acclimatisation Sooloty of Victorian lottor waa road from Mr. Edward Wilson, Bloting that tho Imperial Acclimatisation Society of Franca was very desirous of introducing tho Murray cdfisli into Franco, mid that Mr. Rn in ol had promised tb defray tho cxponso attendant upon tho cxporlmi nt The counoil directed tho- soorotary to afford ovory assistance posilblo in making tho attompt to transport tho fish to Europa A doliboraUi attempt at suloido occurred oarly on Monday morning lu iilizaboth-strcot, Mol bourne. Mr. Lazarus, who lins bean for many years in business us a wholesale fanoy warehouseman in that street, iii llUjtcd a Boyore^gash lu his throat with a raior. Whou found ho wit8,Ju,ft jstntoof Insanity, said to result from dullrium tromons. ¡Jo noxt attempted lo jump out of the window, hui wos secured in tim», and con voyodtj tho Riolmioni .Lunatic Asylum for sato kecjiing. lt it elated ihnlfUio injuries trill not provo fatal. » À few doy* ago a poruon was driving Iiis team aloi thoíSingloton bridgo, and had noaily rcachod tho otb sido, whon tho contraotor'a engino, nt work on t Gjroat Northorn Hallway, carno dashing past, ar frightonod tho Iiorsen, winch coinmoncod rearing ai plunging, and at Inst jumped ovor tho fonco and don tho embankment. Tho animal» woro valuable draugl hprsoB, and two ot thom, valuod at nlnoty pound biroko their neck?. Tho Nowcaatlo Obraniolo understands that tho con milloo appointed by tho Borough Council to oxnrñii abd roport on the pioce of ground sot apart by tho O veriiment for tho purposo of a gonoral cemetery fe Nowcastlo and neighbourhood, havo ngreod to r commend tho convorsien of tho land ot Waratah into gonoral comotery nt as early n dato, as possible, tl committee being unanimously of opinion that no moi suitable sito could bo soledtod.' An orphan boy in tho employ of Mr. Tiraoth Buckley,.of tho Maequario > Rlvor, was drownod o Wodnosday, whilst endeavouring,to got a duok wino bo hod shot out of the ri vor. On tho accident bocorr ing known, information was given to tho police, an constable Board wont to tho locality, and ondoavouro by diving to rocovor tho romaine, but up to noon o Thursday,. says tho Illawarra Morcury, ho had nc succoodod in finding thom. ''?'.'' : The Volunteers of Wost'Maitland Company af ordored to aissemblo on tho parado ground st 10 in th morning of Tuesday noxt, Thanksgiving Day, thone to march'to Sr.* Paul's Ohm eh to attond Divino soi vico. Tho Mercury is informod also that the Eas Maitland Company intend to inako a demonstration o a similar nature, Altogether thoro oppoars ovory prc babilitv that tho day will bo spent in Maitland in mannor boll tiing tho occasion, and indicativo' of th joy felt by tho wholo community nt ' tho recovery o ihoPrince, \ ', . ,. Tho Bondigo Advertiser statos,.that "a.reply,ha boon received from tho Minister of Justico to th idomand of a publia mooting recently hold at Huntly ¡and also "ono mado by Mr. Kolan himself, stating tba .an inquiry shall'bo held into the chargo recen tl, brought against Mr.-Nolan of having mado used most disloyal language in référence to tho nttcmptei : assassination of H.R.H.' ,lho .D'uko of Edinburgh ii Sydney. Mr. -L. M'Lachlan, P.M., has boon re quested to act aa a board Of inquiry, and wo under stand tho board.is likely to sit on Wednesday." "Thoro is not tho slightost noccssity for poopl hoing alarmed," says tho Ovens Advertiser most con sidorately," but thoro is ho doubt that what,hos com monly boon called tho. Cumberland discaso iii' Aus tralla bas mado its appearance amongst'tho pigs in thi; district. Wo have heard of tlireo diíforont cases when pigs havo diod in a most unaccountablo mannor, an< others whoro thoy appear to bo brooding the disease whatovor it may bo. Tho chief sign is loss of appetite There may bo nothing in it, but it is ns. wcll to.knov that pigs aro dying of somo peculiar disease." Information has boen rccoivod, (according to tin Wanganui Chronicle), by the Qovornmont from, tho East Coast, to tho offed, that a skirmish had takor place noar Opotiki, botweon tho Colonial forcos '; and tho nativos. Major Eraser .bad bees» out sömo tim< with a small force, "scouring tho country,'when ho suddenly carno upon ,a body of rohols. À sharp skirmish ensnod,, whioh resulted in the dofeat of UH rebois, who rapidly dispersed. The amount of loss sustained by the'robols is not stated. Thoro ie alsc an incredible story'of two friendly, natives being mur derod and eaten by thoHau-baus. , ,, , "At tho Beechworth Circuit Court, Thomas Craven, charged with shooting at Mr. Evans, of Beechworth, with a pistol, was acquitted. ' According to the, Ovens Advirtisor, "tho .acquittal wasi gi von much to. tho nstonlshmpnt of evory ooo in tho court, although Mr. P.,Brown's dofonce, that no.'destructivo matinal * bad boen proved to bo in tho'pistol with tho powder nt tho timo of firing, was both ingenious and sounH, If tue law permits a man lo firp'ofTany quantity of powdor nt nnother, tho Olerkonwoll outrage may not havo been so illegal after all," " John Spillen was found guilty of sotting Aro to tho faro buildings of Mr. Nolan, nt Merton, and was remanded for sentence I Mr. W. H. Barnes called a privato meeting at the Qeorgo Ilotcl, {Ballarat,' on" tho 20th, foi tho purpose of showing the results of, a patont, bo intends to secure for tho preservation of meat Mr.'Barnes's patent is oxpectod to preservo, meat in bottpr condition and in largor quantity than tho bysteni nt present in vogue. -Tho meat produced to-day,waa mutton. It was of delicious flavour 'It had bebri prosoratu in a 71b. tin, and Mr. Barnes assured Üióso prosoht that, though it had only boon placed in tin ón'Priday night luHt, it would "keon for any longth of time so' long as tho tins Tomnincd intact. All who'tastod tho meat \- wero highly pleased, with-it- '-..' .' _L'.'l ''i ' An unpleasant sensation (says tbo Goolong Register) was caused - hy somo ugly rumours .respecting Mr. He>nry_ YVnrd, manager of* Mr. Franks''printing and bookbinding 1 business. Tho'so rumours iwore tO the effect that serious defalcations in money matters had boon discovered,' and' that i Mr. < Ward was: not to be found. In tho evening .this was confirmed when it, bocame known that dotocUvo O'Nioll had arrested him nt tho London; Hotel, on i warrant, chargod with embezzling a slim of £25, thn propcrfy of his employer, ' Mr. Henry Franks.- Tho groja .amount of tho defal- cations aro variously estimated at from £200to £800;' tho chargo contained ! in tho warrant, of course,,hoing mendy a spcoilio ono,' for tho . purposo - of making tho arrest. ? Rash speculation in mining shares, ia sold to bo thocauseof tho defalcation. ., Tho prisoner ndd'tssod a lottorto hisomployer, admitting h s guilt, whioh was road in Court* .' , ... i :..:. ', :i ,, .rV ' A curious caso of lunacy was heard beforo the1 Mel- bourne magistrates on Wednesday; ? An oldcrly: man .named Bernard Martin, who was many years ago a: woll-to-do merohant in Flindor's-lano, and is well known in tho city, but who'bas boen for somo'time past leading a precarious sort of existence, nppoated boforp.flio Court on a ehargo of the above nature.' A certificate from Dra. M'Croa and M'Gaurin, certifying . that bb was imane; had boen given to tho police and Martin was takon into custody by dotootivo'Jennings, na appeared in Court and told a long story, in which ha accused Mr. Franois, Gomm'ssunor of- Customs, and a M-. Littlo; who was in busino-.s in Melbourne some years past as a merchant,'of . Ghosting him out of a largo quantity of Hour. Martin was disoharg'od by Mr, Sturt, who did 'not think from 'tho o.idóneo brought bo foro him" that ho ought to, bo detained. According to tho prosont LunaoyAoti if'any two medical mon certify any! ono is insane, ho can- bo ar- rested and taken to gaol. ',' 1 ' '..??'" -'. 'i- !. : ; In relation to' Ö'FuiroH's" lotter ,to' tho" Colonial ' Secretary, ",Uio . Molbourno . Argus .',' says :'-Wo, publish-, in', anothor column tho ' confesa!on of O'Forroll, as . furnished to us. By our Syd- noy . correspondent. It dsos .not', 'appear whothor tho niossago is .a cony, of tho "totter' 'in tho hands bf Mr. Parkos, or is tho copy (iii-'tho "hand- writing of tho eonviot) which was read to Parliament rln Sydnoy yesterday by a privato inomber. Thoro can bo no doubt, howovor, ot its gonulnonoss., It ,will;bo observad that O Farrell's s'ataraoots boar out In a ro markablo mannor tho viows'wö put forward within a fow hours after, tho attempt on'tue lifo of tho Duko of Edinburgh becamo known in Melbourne. : O'Earrel', in tho solemn manner bofltUng, a poor, mortal whoso hours woro numbered, states that ho lind no associates in tho criino; that his lutoniions wore known to 'him- self only; that he is not awnro that liny : Fenian hsco ciation exists in'tho colonies'; arid that ho arrived j at tho doterininntion to commit Ute crlmo for which ibo ha» Buffered simply fromi breo ling ovor what ho be- lieved to bo tbo wrongs of "Ireland. . I ' ' ' Tho quarterly session of tho Grand Division of tho Sons of Temperance of tba Hunter River District WOB hold on Saturday, tho 18th, at tho Oddfellows Hall, LakoMocquario Road, G.W.P. Brothor W, Gibb, tonk tho chair at 10 o'oloak prooisoly, oud.npenod the session nooording to tho usages ot tho fraternity. Tho following ropresontation waa. made by Brothor Duffy , with rospoot to tho regalia,:'.' Thtt, now in us« ¡waaboth unsightly and exponsivc, and was American; - Tho moro it was washed tho worso it became, and it was wearing fast. Thoro was a timo when ho admired tlioir whlto collars now in uso,, for it roproiontod Purity, whioh was tho emblem of Uio Order, but' ho thought tho timo hadarrivod when a chango was 're- quired. Ho suggostod lt should, bo.a. broad .water riband, colour blue, about five pr six inoho, long, so that it might bo worn on tho loft broaBt,. with n; tri- angle supported by tho Emu and Kangaroo in bronze nt tho bottom, and a tasiol, Ha also suggostod that tho uamo of oaoh division should bo plooed, upon lt, tho olUoers to bo distinguished by having theirs in sliver. Ho thought if suoh wero to bo obtained, that in ardor ta havo uniformity,, tho National Division, Sydnoy, should purchase thom, and disposo of thom to subotdlnato divisions. Professor Parkor will givo ono of bis manly enter- tainments nt tho Temporánea Hall, this bvoning. Of tho l'rofoisar's skill'and extraordinary porforii . incas both with tho broadsword and thobnyouor, wo have no occasion to spook now; his reputation i < too woll OBlahlishod to nocd any rooommondation from us. ' A principal faituro in the entertainment this ovonlsf, will bo tho singing of Miss Anno Beau- mont This lady has nppoarod beforo a Sydnoy audianca but on fow oecaaions, but on oaoh ot these sba has been roooivod in a most cnthuaiastlo niaonor. Tho programing is varied and well selected. ÏHB'Mmisinï AND'THU FIÍE'ÍS SBLÍOVOHÍ RIOI!TA BILL.-Tho Goulburn Harald obsorvos In connection with tho precoadings Sn tho - Legislative Cpu noll In respect to tho Freo Selectora' Hight Bili :-" A most extraordinary procoduro has just takon placo in tho' Legislature A bill declaratory of thc lights of freo selectors was introduced into tho Assombly by Mr. lloborlson. It was passod with tho assent of both sides of tho Uouao, and tho Government oppressed tboir approval ofjit, on ono ocradou doolnring that Parliament should not bo adjournod till it was disposod of, and in fact all hut adoptod it as tholr own. It is thon taken lo tho Council; where Mr. Docker, who ro Eresonts tho Ministry in that llou?o, at onco gava it is most strenuous and unqualified opposition, Slr. John Campbell moved . that it bo Tend a sound timo that day six months, and on going to a division thora were slx# for this amendment and only two against it. As oight mem- bers aro not sufficient to constituto n quorum, the House thoroupon was adjourned i but tho numbors show, protty well that .tho result must be regarded as decisivo.' Ofoourso'Mr, Robertson ounplainod of. tte conduct of tho Government in supporting tho billin tho'ono House, nnd eausing its rejection in tho o thor; and tho Premier, very warmly declared- that tho Ministry ' had boon na party to tho coursa taken by Mir.', Docker. Somo angry remarks not unnaturally followed;' and it is clear that thu stitomont mado by tho Prorhior is not gonerally belioved, and will not bo satisfactory to tho country. Boforo thoeo fow lints aromado publie wo sholl h'owovor know whothor ho was' right or not.. It is ovidont -if any, ono' inombor of tho Oabinot1 chooso 'to set up arid ¿ot on lils own individual opinion against tho policy of tho rest of tho' Ministry, that ho virtually censes to bo a momb'or. *' Indeed, before doing so, he ought to resign his o Oleo; and if ho havo not euffloiont delicacy, genuomanly fcelinjr, and regard for constitu- tional úsago to do to, his colloajguos must of necessity at onco call on him to resign..; If, whon thoso remarks reach tho eye of tho reader, Mr. Docker has coased to bo a member of tho Cabinet, thora will bo no difficulty In.bolioving Mr. Martin's nssortion, ' If ho riiould still bo in tho Ministry; thoro will. bo ' no diflloulty in agreeing tha1: ' Mr, Robertson is quito right' in accusing tho Ministry of duplicity and. double-deal- ing. Tlie loss of tho bill is to bo regretted ; tot though it has boon said that it is unnecessary, it would havo sot at rest an unoa*y feoling that has boon pretty gonora'ly entertained amongst solcotors and others. In viow of .tho known hostil o opinions of somo of the judges to tteo selectors generally, it is by no means so doer; thal somo such pnactment was not required; and in tho Assembly members on both sides of tho .Houso scorned to doom it an important measure,' Tho' mattor, 'lïowover,' stands ovjr for tho prosont whether Mr.' Dockor remains ; in'the Ministry. or not and whothor tho Cahinot havo acted straightfor- ! wardry or not,'.:; .' , . ' -"? j . iSiioALUAvnN.-A publia meeting, convonod ,by re- quisition, to consider tho desirability of incorporating, tho south side of tho river, was hold at -the, BOUOOT h^uso, Terara, on Wednesday. ,Tho ¡ mooting1 was most: influentially altondod-J, M. Richards, Esq.,: in : tho! chair, Alfred ' Ellyard, .Ee'q, J.P.,' I moved>,.??> tho '.first: resolution, . having roferonco tho boundaries of tho proposed municipality, whieh will coramonco at tho month of Nowra .Creole, the nco ' by a lino south rmnd.tho villago reservo, by a lino in tho direction of Brundoo.Swamp, following tho. mea- sured lines of survoyed purchases to tho Crookhaven,' ' and by tho' Crookhavon I to ita coniluonco with tho Shoalhaven, aind then hy the Shoalhaven.'to point of commencement- Mr.:John Monaghan seconded thu resolution; which was carried.-Mr, Moss movui it committoo to prepare 'petition, &c;, r,whioh wn seconded by . W. Lovogrovo, ; Esq., and . . carried unanimously. After a ivote : of thanks, to. tin! Chairman,' ' tho mooting - quiotly dispersed.-. : It appears that Mr.[Berry has ?'already sont a.pbtitioii into tho Government for .tho incorporation of - his estato only-on tho south sido of tho ri vor-and I boliovo unothor petit on having the same object for.tho 'north side of tho rivor. : However, Mr^ Berry's estate on' tho south side is inoludod in.tho goneral petition i ow hbingsigncd. - As it :« ill -bo a : completo farce to allow any.landholder td.incorporate his prívalo ostato', : tho question is how : far will tho , Act bo curried out if 'fuoh a design'ls toloratcd.'. Should tho Government ' accodo to tho - Berry 1 Municipality, it will ; paralyso.thé. efforts of those in favour of BUCII institutions, and give the r*oath'blow ta munioipnlitios- in this put loaring ' tho : Berry prívalo estate corporatisns [alono all in their glory, I am . happy to say that 'tho .wholo -district, .oxcopt Mr. Berry, appears to be unanimous in having, oho municipality.' on1 tho .south a ido of: tho 'i rivor., Nowra,!' Terara, 'Greenhills^ Mnyflold and Urandoo,, have ,' all. united for this.^grand ? object -< A- publiu _ meeting was held, to tako Wops to renliso au annual,' sum os an inducement to' Cr. Kompf to remain herd,' as that gontlenian'had a notion of leaving tho district,; whieh -wouloV be a great1 loss' to thb community, v A, committoo was appointed to talló tho- nocessflvy steps lo. canvas's (ho district. This is a matter of importance tb all,'to retain-tho services of á qualified practitioner'in our midst 'I hope eachand all-' will mako an effort to aid' the committoo in realising an annual stipend, suitnblo to" tho high professional ability of tho gentlo maa wo, wish to retain in our district-Correspondent., Sciiooi.'OF : Anr&-Dr. Curr's seance of Saturday night last', was .'woll ottondcd> by, an nudionco" that . liborally.rewarded ',by applauso' tho many oxompliflca-; tiona of that gentleman's skill, whothor ns a mesmerist or os.a Burgoon. ' The extraction of n'tumour1 bf long . standing from',tho¡ nook of a pationt was a feature- of tho ovouin-'s performances,.howovor; whioh, wo think, had bettor havo been performed elsowhoro, or undor other oircumstan'os. . Í'oo,-lo assomblo fo,' amuscm- ht on such. occasions,. and wo .tako it, that operations Kolonging to, the dissecting room aro tho reverso of divort ng. Howovor, tho andoneo scorned highly ,'ploaBcd with¡tho ovidon^o of tho doctor's skill givon In the oxtraction.of tho tumour, no loss than with the rest of tho programme, and dissoht. thoruforo, máv seam afTcatalion.. Wo may. remind our readers thal Dr. Carr announces this (Monday) tvciiing as; his. last .night TÍ !'.-> . :>: v : :.; i ii ' 