MISCELLANY. GEORGE F. TIIAIN Las been made the subject of an amusing lioax by the young ladies of Cork. They solemnly presented the charlatan with a huge delicacy of the black pudding and sausage type, known as drisbeen : they also naively presented him with a pair of shamrock garters! The accounts say that he accepted the gifts seriously, and made a A SARCASTIC OLD TRAINER at Newmarket, when his wife disputed with him, never vouchsafed her a reply—not from any amiable motive of concession, but with the persuasion that euch a course of treatment was the greatest punishment he could inflict. " Women," said he with a grin, " women hate a walk over." MH. PUNCH knows that time is proverbially said to be equivalent to money, and, ceteris paribus, money to time, hut was not aware that it is so in a legal point of view, til! he read in the Umpire's Police News that one of Eve's fair daughters, was, for smashing a window, " ordered to pay 4s, or go to gaol for a like period!—Sydney Punch." SALITON-IACAL.—A paragraph in one of the papers states that a number of the inhabitants of CastTemaine, Victoria, after having lately partaken plenteouslv of red fish, had peculiarly red faces. Mr. Punch sees nothing very remarkable about this. He has a vivid recollection of frequently seeing in England many very worthy individuals with absolutely purple faces, after feasting on salmon—and its concomitants.—Sydney Punch. DOUBLE MEANINGS.—A Scotch parson/in the time of the I'ump Parliament, said in his prayers, " Lord bless the grand council—the parliament, and grant that they may a' hang together." A country fellow standing by said, " Yes, yes, with all my 1 ieart, and the sooner the better; and I'm sure it's the prayer of all good people." " But, friends," savs the parson, " I don't mean as that fellow means, hut pray that they may a' hang together in accord and concord. " No matter what cord," replied the other, " if it be but a strong cord." BRAZILIAN IMMIGRANTS.—It is noticeable that the great majority of the American immigrants who come to Brazil are captains, colonels, or generals. In regard to this circumstance a true story is told of an occasion when an official, having to take the names and occupations of a batch of new arrivals, found, as he proceeded, that tbe customary "handle" was found to every name. At length but one remained to be entered, roughish- looking customer, who had gravely listened to the replies. On the usual questions being put to him, he drew up his tall form, " Sir," said he, " 3*ou see in me the last surviving private of the late Confederate army." NOTHING WANTED BUT THE MIND.— Mr. P. T. Palgrave writes in • Macmillan for March:—Mr. Buckle once told roe that Tnlfourd possessed a letter of Charles Lamb's— not published, however, in the " Life "—in which Lamb narrated some criticisms made upon Shakspeare by Wordsworth :— that " Sliakspeare was a great poet, a very able genius, indeed; that much of his merit, however, jay in his style, and a peculiar manner he had, which Wordsworth thought other people could imitate . . . in fact, that lie could write lilte Slushspeare, if lie had a mind to it." " So you see" Lamb ended, '* lie wants nothing but the mind." NAPOLEON I. AS A CHESS-PLAYER.— Napoleon I., in the days of his sous-lieu tenancy, played chess "in the Cafe de la Regence, and very badly, too. lie always began unskilfully, and had no patience with any delay on the part of his adversary. lie would bite his lips, stamp his foot, drum impatiently on the chessboard, and make the pieces dance. It was still worse if he lost. He would dash his hand down on the table, and make everything jump. The waiter who recited these anecdotes to our authority and bis friends, said he was surprised when he heard that the sous-lieutenant, when he became Emperor, and had very skilful opponents among tbe courtiers, never lost a single game, though he had not improved in the slightest degree. AN AMUSING GHOST STOUT is told by a Beech worth paper, at the expense, of coarse, of a new arrival from the Emerald Isle. A farm laborer recently imported from the land of saints and fairies was employed on a large farm, and after supper and in the darkness of the evening wse sent out to drive in a cow from a neighbouring paddock. Our hero, in looking about for the cow, was horrified to see through the gloom a strange-looking shape robed in white, moving silently towards him. Horrified, lie gaeed on the approaching intruder, until within a lew feet of him, when fear obtained the mastery over him, and giving vent to Jan unearthly yell, which was distinctly heard at the farm-house,"he incontinently made tracks, at a rate that would have "defied competition. 1 " Rushing headlong into the house, he startled everybody by exclaiming, "Oh, tnarther, I've seen a ghost, and I believe it's me father's." No arguments could induce him to venture oat again io quest of the cow, and the good man of the house, waxing indignant at what be termed the superstitious fears of bis man, went out r-, bimself j bat had scarcely got his nose outside iibe door when the " spectral visitor " appeared before him at a few yards distance. The ghostly appearance resolved itself, on closer -inspection, into the identical cow of die farmer. -She cow of its. "gravelike habiliie farmer carried them inside, where Fwe recogniised as the remnants of a fifctrabtejpiine/which had been pat on the i.|p .yeadi, Bnd which by some means * while ^raring, hadpieked up with ; ip^JferJJc^^fes to get aid of kborerbas since left the not ^tandihe many I lib flatten J& «&thert; 