THE PREMIER'S SPEECH AT GRAFT ON. The Honorable John, Col Sec. and Premier, Man of sense And eloquence, Lately addressed his constituents : in language practical, terse, and clear, He rendered account of his past career, And the way that in future he meant to steer, In upholding this thing, and uprooting that, Of encouraging squatters, And knocking vile plotters, Placemen, pretenders, And cheeky offenders, Cheats, shams, and dodgers, And ail such codgers Into" what is now strikingly called a " cocked hat." The late Ministry He deemed rather sinister : he Would now proceed to adduce a few facts, To show them at once the Tom Noddy-like acts And the wretched jobs Of those wretcheder snobs, Who hadn't a bit of clear grit in their nobs, Who often had caused him to fume and to fret At the way they were running the country in debt. But 'twas a relief The fact to know They had come to grief, Were kicked out — and so He 'd turn to the land, the beautiful land, While he felt by the breezes of eloquence fanned. 'Twas a subject at once vast, important, and grand ! In defence of that land He would now take his stand 'Gainst political railers, Shoemakers, and tailors, Whose Billingsgate Jargon of late Had led him to loathe the name of debate. Now free- selectors their rights should en fy : If not, he would soon know the reason why. So long as he ruled, the squatter should not Consign the poor free-selector to pot ; He should always at liberty be to trot Bound and about his choice little plot Of land, without Fear or doubt That whatever pelf he might on it lay out Would to his whole and sole benefit go, Instead of pro bono Squatter and Co. Next Education came in for review, And the Border Duties' Treaty, too, With the Bev. Father Dillon, who Was abruptly dismissed from Cockatoo, Which caused at the time a terrible stew, And made many look rather spiteful and blue. Then Tommy Dangar, Who feels just anger And discontent With the late Government, Who assigned not even the ghost of a reason, But sack'd him as though he'd been guilty of treason ; Thus forensic display Was swept away In less than a day — Who is it will say After that it was possible Tom could look gay ? And then there was Duncan — good, worthy old soul, With whose treatment all right-thinking men will condole : For twenty-two years he had held honest sway At the head of the Customs, and would to this day Have been there, as he should, with a pension in view, Which, for such length of service, was justly his due ; But a vindictive calf, Too eager by half, Whose bellow alarmed all the Government staff, Got Duncan dismissed — (the contemptible elf) — Which action unjust Created disgust, And very soon after he flummuxed himself. But, should Duncan again be restored to his berth, 'Twill be an example Striking and ample, That malice must sink beneath honor and worth. Next the Hon'rable John Had commented upon The appalling remarks Of ex-Secr'tary Parkes, Which were made at Kiaina in one of his larks ; But those present seeming to know all about them, And showing a strong inclination to doubt them, He simply saw fit To say — " By your permit, I'll at present shut up, and attend to the inner Wants of the man in a substantial dinner." Such shouts then arose As shook even his clothes, And thrilled to the tips of his toes and his nose ; And brought the vast meeting at once to a close ; And sent all home gratified— let us suppose. 