SHIPS' MAILS. Mails will close at the General Post Office as follows: FOR GAtTON. By the Susannah Cuthbert (s.), this day, at 7.30 pm. _ FOR HONGKONG By the Paterson Monday, at noon. FOR BaisDANE.-By the Lady Bowen (s. on Tuesday, at 4 p.m. FOB MKLnoDBKK,-By the City of Melbourne (s,), on Wednesday, at 4 p.m. . FOR MABYJIOIIOCOH,-By the Black Swan (a. on Wednesday, at 4 p.m. 'CUSTOM-HOCSE.-Entered Outwards, August II : Restless, BCbooi cr, 258 tons, Captain Curphy, for Brisbane. RICHMOND Rivers private letter, received yesterday from Ballina, states that the steamer Platypus arrived at the Richmond River on the lib. instant, '0 load timber for Sydney, The weather. was very bad, several vessels being bar- bound. There were so signs of the missing schooner Annie D. The steamers Dandenong for Melbourne, City of Brisbane for Brisbane, and James Paterson for Rockhampton, with passengers and cargo, left for their respective destinations yesterday. The C. and R. R. S. N. Co 's stcom-drohger Ulmarra arrived yesterday morning from Grafton, in tow of the steamer Grafton. She has been sent down for the purpose of undergoing repairs. The Grafton (s. from Grafton, brings the following cargo : 200 bags maize, 42 casks beef, 100 hides, 4 casks tallow, 6 bales enciente?, 28 cases eggs, 12 coops fowls, and sundries. She crossed the Clarence bar on Tuesday, 11th, at noon, and arrived in Sydney on Friday, 14th, at 2.30 a.m having experienced fresh south-west breeze and south-east swell throughout the passage. The following vessels were lying in Clarence River Schooners Storm King and City of Sydney, and the brig Corsair. The schooner Hamlet's Ghost, Count Von Arnim, arrived at Cleveland Bay on the 30th July, and was to leave about the 3rd August. The Alhambra, from Melbourne, bound to Maryborough, was passed by the Saxonia (s.) at 4 p.m. on the 12th instant, off the North Solitaries. The Florence Irving (s.) left Brisbane at 1 p.m. on August 12th ; passed through the South Passage and rounded Point lookout at 5.20 pm. ; passed Cape Byron at 4 15 a.m. on August 13th ; Smoky Cape at 7 p.m. on the same day ; rounded Seal Rock Point at 8 40 a m August 14th ; entered Sydney Heads at 9.15 p.m., and arrived at the company's wharf at 10.30 pit; cx perished strong south-westerly and southerly winds, with heavy south-east swell throughout the passage. Passed the Lady Young (s.) at 5 40 a.m. August 13th, bound north, twelve miles south of Richmond River Heads and a steamer bound south ten liiitcB north of Cape Hawke, at 6 a m. August 14th The Saxonia (s.), left Cleveland Bay, at 5 a.m. on the 2nd August ; arrived at Port Denison at a p m., same day on the 3rd, at 4 pm.. left Port Denison; arrived at Gladstone on the 5th at 5 pm. ; left Gladstone 8 30 p.m. same day on the 7th, at 645 am , passed the Fairway buoy, Hervey Bay on the 8th, at 7 a.m. crossed Wide Bay bar; on the 6th put in to Brisbane for coal, and on the 11th, at 7.45 am., left Brisbane; on thel3th,atGa.ni.,passed Smoky Cape on the 14th at 4,35 son , Port Stephens and arrived at Sydney at 10 p.m. Strong S.E. winds prevailed during the first part, and fresh south and south-westerly gales, with a heavy sea, the latter part of the passage. The Urania, Captain Thompson, from Tasmania the 10th instant, put into port yesterday for orders, and she will proceed to Brisbane. She has on board a cargo of 130 tons potatoes. The clipper ship Alexander Duthie has hauled into the stream preparatory to taking her departure for San Francisco on the 22nd instant. The DainafcUB has been berthed alongside Circular Wharf, and will at once commence discharging her inward cargo. The Susannah Cuthbert crossed the Clarence bar on Wednesday, 12th, at 3.30 p.m., with the brig Corsair in tow ; experienced strong southerly winds and heavy swell throughout the passage. Arrived at Sydney on the 15th, at 1.30 a m. 