WESLEY.—As an Oxford Churchman he was a ser- vile, but conscientious, ritualist, seeking for salvation by rites, and in sacraments, and thorough good works; as an individual thinker, contributing of his own in- telligence and reflection to the building up of doctrine, he was with the whole bent of his bias and to the utmost of his logical power, a philosopher. Law himself, when he was at his best, before he had de- veloped his own mystical philosophy, had pronounced a remarkable sentence on Wesley, then his disciple, which Wesley never forgot, and which he found occa- sion to bring to Law's recollection in after year. "I see where your mistake lies. You would have a philo- sophical religion; but there can be no such thing. So far as you add philosophy to religion, just so far you spoil it." And when Böhler was striving to bring Wesley to "the simplicity that is in Christ," he had to insist and exclaim "My brother, my brother, that philosophy of thine must be purged away" (excoquenda est istu philosophia tua). This tendency to philoso- phize remained with Wesley to the end. Some of his sermons derived from it a richness of thought which amply attest the philosophic faculty and bias of the writer. Such, for instance, is that fine sermon on "The Original of the Law." And many occasional pieces, published in his magazine (the Armenian Maga- zine) and elsewhere, showed to the last how the bent remained. But, as a general rule, Wesley rigidly re- strained his disposition to speculate on divine doctrines. He shunned all attempts to be wise above what is written. He was afraid to pry with eyes of human scrutiny into "the secret things which belong unto the Lord." Precisely in proportion to his own natural tendency to speculate was the guard he put upon himself. He looked on this side of his nature as pecu- liarly exposed to temptations, of which he dreaded the fascination, because he knew too well how terribly powerful it was. When he became a convert, however, to the grand doctrines of salvation by faith—involving the evangelical views of justification, regeneration, sanc- tification, and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost, all through faith in Christ-- his whole system of opinions underwent a fundamental change. His mere philo- sophy was abandoned at once. He became a preacher of faith and a student of Paul. His ritualism was struck at its root with a mortal blow, and from that moment began to wither away. With his ritualism his High Churchmanship could not but also wither away. A number of old and long customary preju- dices and predilections—habits of thought and feeling which had become second nature—still clave to him for a while, but these dropped off one by one, until scarcely a vestige of them was left. All the irregu- larities of the Methodist leader; his renunciation of Church bigotry and exclusiveness; his partial, but pro- gressive and fundamental, separation from a church which imposed shackles on his evangelical activities, and frowned upon his converts; and the ultimate sepa- ration, in due sequence, of the church he had founded from the church in which he was nurtured; all these results were involved in this change. It is this which made the difference between Wesley and Newman. Newman renounced justification by faith, and clung to apostolical succession, therefore he went to Rome; Wesley embraced justification by faith, and renounced apostorical succession, therefore his people are a sepa- rate people from the Church of England.—London Quarterley. 