THE FEBRUARY PERIODICALS, i The political article in St. Paul's is well worth reading for the sake of tho side lights it casts upon topics which come up in connection with our own affairs. The question discussed is, ' Whom shall we make leader of tho new House of Commons ?' Haven't we, or rather hasn't a portion of the public, been asking, though with poor results, a similar question, during' the last three weeks? Haven't we always here, as at home, some members who call, themselves independents? And every now and then haven't we the doctrine preached to us that it is base for any member to follow a leader ? Now what does St. Paul's say i ' We all know that nothiug in politics can be carried by such men. Catholio Emancipation, Reform r Repeal of the Corn Laws and Free Trade generally have not come from their on deavors. It is admitted that the practical man in the House of Commcms must belong to a party. We have had no truly great or onii neutly useful man in the House since the House has had an intelligible history, who has refused to submit himself to party bonds. It would be as well for a soldier or a regiment to propose to go out into the field during the battle, and to do a little fighting apart, still meaning that the fighting should be done for the national cause, as for a politician to suppose that he can carry his measure with out concession to the views of others — without fighting ; that is, in his own cause, indeed, but in compliance with tne tactics and strategy of tho wing by which the victory is to be won.' Again, in reply to those who aro for measures, not men,Jit is well said: 'Measures and not men are, no doubt, what we are all strngging to put forward. This of courso is true ; ..but men are the means to measures, and to poli tical measures they are the only means within the compass of tho ordinary citizen's reach. And if this be true, it must be true also that nothing in politics can be effected under a free government without party submission andparty fidelity. This is now acknowledged as a truth, as far as practice may be taken as an acknow ledgment in the government of every great existing kingdom in the earth, in the formation of which there is any attempt or pretence of at tempt at constitutional form.' To those who are now obliged to admit that they aro in a minority we commend the following remark : — ' There may be battles in the House ; but no one dreams of fighting against publio opi nion.' This remark is the more noticeable as coming after a statement to the effect that ' the popular expression of political feeling in the country cannot do more than carry a bare majority of members into the House of Com mons.' The writer of the article is decd-Wly in favor of Gladstone being acknowledged and followed as the leader of the Liberal party. An article ' On Shooting,' ' which will interest sportsmen, is followed by one ' On Human Lignites,' which will be read with a chuckle by all who like a little genial cynicism. By human lignites, the writer means dull, stupid people. They have, he says, ' a grand function. They form the respectability of the nation. It is to their calm impassiveness, to the statue-like immobility of their moral features, that men look up for the rule of life.. In the solemn gravity of their grand maxim, ' wo never do it,' there is a boundless depth of wisdom. Where these words ring out, argument never cemes, and reason retires abashed and humiliated. *We never do it ' is stronger than logic, just as the natural affections of mankind are stronger than law. 'Wo never do it' is not merely prohibitive ; it is condemnatory ; it declares that while you and I, in our ignorance, may be habituated to this, that, on the other, there is, to the higher appreciation of superior naturos, a warning voice audible enough to say, 'Do not. do it.' This voice lignites hear ; and from their overwatch fulness, as one would say, they wore ever listening for its utterances.' Then comes an article on the Irish Church, in which the ques tion of abolition is discussed pro and con., without a decision either way exactly. ' Paul Gosslett's Confessions ' is a capital story, and with the usual instalments of ' All for Greed' and ' PhineaB Finn' a very good number is completed. Tennyson seems to bo coming out in the peri odical line. Short pieceB from hiB pen have ap peared lately in Once a Week and Good Words ; and in the number of Macinillan before us the first thing we meet is a couple of verses in whieh he has finely condensed a world of ethical thought. The Dean of Westminster «#etribute3 some personal recollections of Philaret, Archbishop and Metropolitan of Moscow. The best thing in the number is the paper on ' Milton's Political Opinions' by Professor Seeley. Comparing Milton with 'Carlyle the writer says : — ' Elements which in Carlyle struggle were reconciled in him. How strangely in Carlyle ?do the two convictions battle with each other ! ? We must have liberty, else there can bo no lifo ; and we must have despotism else there ?can be no organisation. And so he has given us :in his ' Cromwell ' and ' French Revolution ' two great historical dramas, both of which be gin with the throwing-off of despotism in order ?to gain power, and oad with the recurrenoe to despotism in order to gain organisation. But Milton never ceased to believe that life and or ganisation, liberty and order, conld be recon ciled ; his faith does :aot seem to have_ been shaken even by the failure of the experiment in hiB own age. As I have said, this was owing not merely to a sanguine tenrperament. It was owing to a higher view of what can be done by culture. Milton held it possible to produce by training, in no short supply, the manhood and moderation which can do without heroes, because it iB itself heroic.' The condition of Ireland question comes up everywhere at present. The Fortnightly Rc ?tuciehastwoartioleaon the subject. One entitled ' Ireland in 1868,'» by T. E. Cliffa Leslie ; the other, ' Fenionis/ji and the Irish Church,' by James Godkhu . We have nevor met with any thing more to, the purpose than Mr Leslie's article, and af'.er reading it we really begin to see a way out -of the Irish difficulty. If there be, as, ho av'jrs, two economic currents flowing in Ir'elo'ad ? a current of progress and a current of retrogression, the object of British legis lative effort must be to promote the former and Arrest the latter. To indicate the two different enrrents he says : ' Draw a iine between east and west from Londonderry to Cork, and on the eastern side, the one nearest to English markets, English influence and English example, it will be found that tho main Current is one of progress, though not witbsint an op posite stream; while on the western side, though the main current is one which carries .loanintJon alone with it, there are vet scat tered indications of improvement, come from an English source and wearing an English form.' Further on be says : — ' Tbgrfl is no source from which improve lfientTcan come to the stagnant and retrogres sive quarters of Ireland save from English cc^. nection and English legislation. A great a^a benevolent statesman is reported maefea to have said that Iroland ought to bo governed according to Irish xideas. But -what are Irish ideas? Are they tho ideas Df the Catholic clergy, an eminently virf,,ions clftss beyond question, but surely not, the one to govern a nation in our time ? i*.re they the ideas of the best educated Catholic laity, a quiet class, who keep their ide^s too much to themselves ? Are they the W.eas of tha large Anglo-Scotch and Protestant population of the island, whoso ideas are English, with a litUe provincialism..? Or are they ideas, perchance, which aro not Irish in auy sense, but tho ideas of the Pontiff and Curdiijalii of Rome ? Whenever what are called Irish idous are closely examined, thoy will turn out, if Irish at all, to be tho ideas, not of a nation, but of a class ora section ; nnd Ire land has had only too much of class legisla tion and sectional government. It is English ideas— the ideas of the nearest part of civilised and progressive Europe— that are wanted for the contxoland guidance of Iroland ; but when I Bay English ideas, I mean the ideas of the present English nation,, not of the Anglo Norman barons of the feudal age. What then is the English nation to do for Ireland 1 No single measure, it may at once be affirmed, will make^ Ireland generally ? prosperous, or appease tho discontent existing among a large portion of its inhabitants. A combination of measures is necessary to arrest the progress of sedition, to encourage improvement in farming, to facilitate the rise of a class of yeoman and peasant proprietors, to. rompve legal impedi ments to the development of the natural re sources of the island, and natural impediments which individuals cannot remove, to make its real condition and resources known in Eng land, to diffuse agricultural skill, to check tho enormous evil of absenteeism, and to bring all Ireland closer to England, and to tho markets and progress of the European world.' Mr Leslie says nothing about the Episcopal Establishment in Ireland, but Mr Godkin has plenty to say; and judging by the irritating courso which he represents the Protestant bishop3 and clergy as pursuing in roforence to their Catholic brethren, it is high time they set their house in order. Frederic Soebohm, the author of ' The Oxford Re formers,' has a thoughtful and very able arti cle ' On the Christian Hypothesis and the Method of its ? Verification.' His object is to get philosophers of the positivist school to look at the. phenomena presented in Christ's life and in Christian history .with Ies3 of the hauteur and contempt which some of them have mani fested of late: but his way of putting the miracles and leading doctrines of Christianity is eminently deserving attention on tho part of those theologians who would feign effeot a reconciliation between religion and science. Turning to Tinsley's Magazine, the first thing to attract our attention is the paper headed ' A Colonial Minister.' The' first paragraph ,,shows that Victoria is tho colony, and Mr Grant the Minister referred to . The object of the writer is manifest. Ho has a spite against our present Ministers in general, and against Mr Grant in particular; he has also a grudge against the people and institutions of the colony ; and to gratify his personal animosity he has not hesitated to calumniate our char acter abroad. Every reader of the article will feel himself compelled to ask who is there so base as to have written a thing like thiB. There is a studied appearance of its having been written by an individual who accompanied Mr Grant to Avoca at tho general election four years ago, for the purpose of reporting the Minister's speech on tho laud question ; but it may be that the mask of- a reporter has been assumed to divert attention from the real cul prit ; for it is a culprit's deed, and if not done by the reporter in question, he has reason to complain of bad usage. One thing, however, iB certain, that be tho individual who he may, he is or was connected with that Mel bourne journal which has become no torious for keeping an ' organisation.' The American Fenian whose ravings were admitted into a previous number of the maga zine meets more than his match in Miss Cobbe, who contends that 'Ireland for the Irish' must henceforth mean 'Ireland for the Anglo Irish Loyalists. ' Is it the American Fenians,' she asks, ' who abandoned Ireland long ago, and have become citizens of another State, who tell ns openly that no sacrifices we can offer them, nothing short of the dismemember ment of our empire, will appease their ran cor ? Is it these Americans, or those other Fenians who, dwelling still in Ireland, have earned nothing, done nothing for their own or the publio benefit, but have kept up incessant disaffection nnd disturbance, to the ruin of Ireland's industry and com merce ? Or is it the Anglo-Irish Loyalists who Lave alone kept alive whatever of cultiva tion, or trade, or manufacture the island pos sesses, who aro to Ireland order, law, and civilisation, and withont whom, in a year, she would lapse into the condition of the Feejee islands ?' Under the titie of ' Plunging ' the recklesss gambling now unhappily prevalent in connection with the turf is severely condemned. What avails such condemnation : Do auy of the fools who plunge into the vortex of gambling over listen to the voice of sober reason or to the remonstrance of conscience 1 Passing over one or two papers, which are mere pud ding, and some of them poor enough even as that— 4he hon. Alice Brand's correspon dence to wit — we find something to interest ns in an account of a visit paid to a charity recently established in London for the purpose of providing dinners of wholesome food for poor children. Amid the many worthless experiments for benefiting the needy it is something Jto find one full of fair promise. Mr Gladstone in the second part oJ his essay on ' Ecce Homo' in Good Words, proceeds to examine the personal history of our Lord as given in the first three Gospels ; the discourses of the first three Gospels, and certain sum maries given in them, of Oiir Lord's teaching; the injunctions often delivered to those who had beon the subjects, or witnesses of miracu lous cure or relief ; the method of teaching by parable ; the cominissioaa or charges given to the twelve apostles and the seventy disciples ; the distribution o i doctrinal teaching in the gospel of St. John ; nnd sums up the results of the examination in the following words : — ' It appenrs., then, on the whole, as respects the person of -our Lord, that its ordinary exhibi tion to -ordinary hearers and spectators was that of a Man engaged in the best, and holiest, and tendorest ministries, among all the sad dest of 'numan miseries and trials ; of One, teaching in word, too, the best, and holiest, and tenderest lessons ; and claiming,' uhe auivoxsallv and without appeal, a divine autho rity for what he said and did ; but beyond this asserting respecting himself nothing, and leav ing himself to be freely judged by the character of his words and deeds.' Having reached this point he then applies it to the case of ' Ecee Homo' : — ' Supposing, then, that the autb'jr of that work has approached his subject n.^ the human side, has dealt with oi&r;, Lori as with a man, has exhibited to us Vr'aat purport to be a human form and lineaments, is he therefore at once to be condemned ? Certainly not at once, if it be true, fcs it seems to be true, that in this respect he has only done what onr Lord Himself, *oy His ordinary and usual exhibition of Himself, both did and encouraged the common nearer of His addresses, and beholder of His deeds, to do. The question, whether this writer is to be discarded as an auxiliary in religion^ inquiry, tvr whether, on the contrary, we -£e his debtors for an cloquont.-eornest, searching, and stirrina I 'Survey of the Life and Work of Jesus Christ,' ' cannot, then, be decided until we have con sidered whether his method, being one admis sible in principle, is also one suited to the needs of tho times in which we live.' To Mr Gladstone tho method appears to be eminently suited to these needs, and he gives good rensons for hip opinion. Wo trust thnt Gladstone's opinion will have the effect of sug gesting to those who condemned the book ' their inquiring of themselves whether all their zeal in the matter has been according to knowledge.' It is a noteworthy fact that some of our most eminent statesmen aro not statesmen merely, but theologians and philosophers as well. Mr Gladstone and the Duke of Argyll are in stances, and Lord Derby might be udded'to tho list, for in his early day3 ho wrote an exposition of tho parables. On the other baud, soine of onr bust preachers seem to have acquired from other branches of study than theology that freshness of thought, power of illustration imd general adaptiveness which render them so acceptable. Dr. Chalmers got from his studies in science and political economy that peculiar way of looking at Christianity which mado it seem quito a new thing to the Scottish mind. Dr. Gathrie, the most pepular preacher at the present day in Scotland, was a medical student and a banker before ho entered tbo pulpit. Tho late lamented Dr. James Hamilton was versed in every branch of science, and had explored the whole range of English litera ture. Dr. Stanley is an historian, and Kingsley historian, novelist and poet. 'It is not good for man to be alone,' says the old book ; neither is it good for statemanship, science or theology to be alone. When wo havo stated that the present number of Good Words con tains, besides Gladstone's Essay, papers by the Editor, Vambery the traveller, the Dean of Westminster and Henry Rogers, and poems by Isa Craig and George Ifacdonald, we havo said enough to show its quality.. George Augustus Sala contributes to Bel gravia a characteristic article on the ' Sensa tional ' in literature^and art. ' What is sensationalism,' ha asks, ' and who is sensational ? I will strive io tell you. Tho late Mr William Shakspeare was an arrant sensational writer. He wrote tho play of ' Mac beth,' which is founded mainly on njurder and witohcraft. Ho wrote ' Hamlet,' in which there are many murders, ja suicide, a suspicion of madness and a ghost. He wrote 'Othello,' in which there is jealousy and also murder. He wrote ' King Lear,' in which you will find murder, blindness and mad ness. He wrote 'Anthony and Cleopatra,' in which there is suicide. He wrote ' Julius Ctcsar,' in which there is murder and a gheBt. He wrote ' Richard tho Third,' in which there are no end of murders and no end of ghosts. Ho wrote ' Romeo and Juliet,' in which luxu riate poison, murder and premature inter ment. He wrote ' The Merchant of Venice,' in which there is robbery and elopement, and an attempt on the part of a Jew bill discounter to cut open the stomach of a Christian gentleman. The late M. de Voltaire highly objected to Shakspeare 's sensationalism. He called him ' un barbare grotesque.' In the opinion of dolts and dullards, and envious backbiters, everything is ' sensational' that is vivid, and nervous, and forcible and graphic and true. There is no sensation in the wretched daubs of Benjamin West, or the heartless tea-tray varnishing of Mengs ; but there is most deleterious sensationalism in Fnseli, and Hogarth, and Goya. Miguel de Cervantes wrote sensationally, but Gongora would have scorned the act. Camoens was sensational, but Lousada was 'classic.' Wedgewood was a sensational potter, and Flaxman a sensational sculptor. The revival of wood engraving was a ' sensation ' as bitterly depreoated by tho old admirers of namby-pamby stipplo and woolly mezzotint as vaccination was piously denounced by the ad vocates of inoculation, or hotter still by letting the smallpox have its own way. The Grub street Journal and the Daily Intelligencer were not sensational papers. The Telegraph, the Standard and the Star are clearly sensa tional. Mr Millais is a sensational painter, so is Mr Holman Hunt. Mr Woolner is a sensational sculptor ; Mr Itnskin's art- criticisms are sensational ; Mr Dar win is a sensational philosopher ; Mr Fechter is a sensational actor ; Mr Spurgeon is a sensational preacher ; Dr. Camming is a sen sational theologian ; so, from anethor point of view, is Dr. Newman , so, irom another point, is Professor Maurice. As for MrJKingsley, as poet, novelist, parson and historian, he was always sensational. Belgravia is a sensational magazine, and Miss Braddon is a dreadfully sensational novelist. M. Nolaton is a sensa tional surgeon ; M. Edmond About a sensa finnn] wit ? T*JnTinlpnii TTT. n uananfinnol anvA. reign, and Graf von Bismarck a sensational statesman. As for Garibaldi, he was never more than . a sensational patriot ; and it was only General Grant's sensatienal obduracy that caused the Southern Confederacy to col lapse.' This is very amusing, considering the writer's purpose. All great geniuses, whether in literature or art, are sensationalists. G. A. Sala and his friend Miss Braddon have been colled sensational writers, ergo, they are both geniuses of a high order. But what if the word sensationalism, liko- some other words, is used both in u good and bad sense ? There is a sensation caused by the forcibly untrue and immoral as well as by the vividly true nnd the graphically beautiful. In Cornhill Mr Matthew Arnold continues his long-winded dissertation on culture, sweetness and light, right reason and perfec tion; anarchy and authority, the barbarians, the philistines, and the populace. As he promises to return to the subject once more before concluding, we shall wait to see what it is all about. The othor matter in the number ' is good enough in its way. There is a pleasantly written paper on the three Lyrists, Horace, Burns and Beranger; then some chapters on Talk, light and chatty ; then a solid article on Iron Forts and Shields ; then a tale of three chapters, written with a charming air of na turalness not often met with ; and, of course, the Bramleighs is continued. The opening article in Fraser is on Univer sity Organisation. The writer is of opinion that the characteristic narrowness of our edu cation is connected with the constitution of tb e colleges, and the conclusion points to the r.e cessity of the universities being put under some eentral authority, which may look at. the educational system of the country as a v.ehole, with the view of getting the -desired changes gradually effected. A revirjwer of the Queen's Journal in tho Highlands looks at it from a heRvty human point of v?.ew, as we might expect. ' No kingcraft,' 'it is said, ' of old times could havo well ' devised a subtler policy ' than this— that at the present time, when (for good or evil) mere authority counts for less and loss, and mere humanity for more and more, a great ijaeen should take her stand before her peop'e simply upon the ground of her common humanity ; Bhould tell thein that if she were every inch a Queen, she Vas also every inch a woman ; that she gloried in one of those great uffeotions, utter, selfsacri ficing, enduring, not to be curtailed by time or space, which purify and ennoble men and women more than all the boasted triumphs of civilisa tion.' Miss Cobbe, apropos of Max Mailer's ' C'nips,' discourses in a way to stimulate tho inquiries of earnest students in the direction of comparative theology. 'How the Irish Land System breeds Dissatisfaction,' is another contribution to the great question of the day. Blackwood, too, has its say on that question, and its - say may be easily guessed. Pat down Fenianism as summarily and as effectually as may be ; keep the pence of Ireland ; consider the question of the Irish Protestant Church fairlv in the interest of all the people of Ireland without distinction of creed or sect; promote rather than discourage emigration; and old Ebony will be satisfied ; the Queen's book, Cornelius O'Dowd's gosBip, Memoirs of Sir P. Francis, Linda Tressel, and tho conclusion of the BrownlowB, together with some padding, make np a number whi.cb., upon the whole, is rather dull. Is Georgia, the Reconstruction Convention has been debating a proposition making it breach of the peace to dim a man for debt. 