MEETING AT MORT7YA. On Monday laf.t* the 23n2 ultimo, a. very largely attended meeting of the settlers ia and around Moruyn was held in that township, ^for the purpose of affording an opportunity, to the people oi expressing their indignation at the late dastardly attempt to assassinate His- Royal Highness the Puke of Edinburgh— Mr. W. Stewart Caswell, Police Magistrate* in the chair. A series of suitable resolution* was adopted by th& meeting. On. Satusday moming last, copies oi these resolutions were received t-y Mr. jsgan, M.L.A., and Mr. Rodd, M.L.A., and these ec&tlemen; proceedod at oncc to Government House and laid them Before his Excellency the Earl of Belmore, with a request that one copy might Ve presented to his Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh, and the other transmitted to her Most OracwuB Muesty the Queen. His Excellency the Governor courteously received the deputation, and promised to carry out their wishes. The late thairman of the Protestant Sabbath School Bible Presentation Committee sent an nddresB on behalf of the children. There not being time to appeal to the Sabbath schools, and the chairman Knowing that the feelings of sympathy, congratulation ? and loyalty existed in all thf- Sabbath schools, complied immediately, and sent address to his Royal Highness Princo Alfred thro'agh his Exccllcncv tho Earl of Belmore, who stated t'aat It should be laid before his Royal Highness, | On Saturday lost, a deputation consisting of the Mayor and Aldermen of the Municipality eC Randwick waited upon his Excellency and presented. &n; address of sympathy end condolence to hie R'oyal Highness Prince Alfred, from tbe inhabitants of that municipality I in referenee to the late outrage. His Excellency thanked the deputation, and promised to lay th^ address before his [ Royal ffigtinr— Hie same day, and on bells of 8t Judo's Church sent forth many joyful foals for thj fiafe recovery of the Prinoe, and for the honour upamrred 1 on the borough on having received the first visit of the 1 Duke of Edinburgh after nis wonderful and speedy re covery. A deputation, consisting of the Mayor of Woollahra (Mr. Montagn Consett Stephen), and Aldermen Bulmon, uuilfoyle, Thompson, Fairfax, aad Iroland, waited upon his Excellency the Governor, at Government House, on Tuesday (31 b\ March), and presented to him an address of sympathy «ith his Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh, from the inhabitants of the Borough of Woollahra. His Excellency the Earl of Belmore received the deputation most graciously, and promised to ley the address Wore the Prince. An address of congratulation on restored health to H. R. H. the Duko of Edinburgh, wee on Tuesday pre sented, through the Earl of Belmore, by a deputation from the Congregational Union of New South Wales. Meeting of Teachers at Fout-ktbket.— A largo meeting of schoolmasters and schoolmistresses, in connect tion with the Council of Education, met al the Fort-street hiodel School on Saturday hist, at noon, to express thoir indignation at the late base attempt to assassinate His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh. There was a very lvrgo attend an re, and considerable interest was evinced in the proceedings. Mr. Bridges was c.tiled to the cubit. The firtt resolution waa moved by Mr. Clarke, who ST-oke in favour of it at some length, expatiating upon the atrocious nature of* tho deed which hud been committed against the son of her Maje sty. The resolution moved was an follows: — ' That this meeting desires to record its abhorrence of the lato execrable attempt upon tho life of our illustrious visitor, His Royal Highness tho Duko of Edinburgh.' Mr. 0'Grad}V seconded the motion, which was put and cairit d by a unanimous vote. The- second motion was for the adoption of the address which was as follows: — ''To His Royal Highness Alfred Ernest Albert, K.G., Duke of Edinburgh, Earl of Ulster, Duke of Saxony, Prince of Suxe Coburg Golha, &c.; May it please your Royal Highness, — Wc, the teachers of Primary schools in tbis colony ux der the Council of Education, desire to assure your Royal Highness that words are inadequate to express our feelings of horror at the cowardly crime which has re cently been committed on your Royal person. Wo deeply sympathise with your Royal Highness in the severe phy sical suffering you have* undergone, and we most heartily rejoice at the prospoct of your com plete restoration to a state of health and strength. -Vc join cordially with our fellow-colonists in expressions of assurance to your Royal Highness that wo feel the utmost indignation at the thought of this country having been made the theatre on which to carry out one of tho most wicked outrages that ever disgraced humanity. We rejoice to leurn that tho confidence of your Royal Highness in the loyalty of the people of New Smith Wales has not bt-cn shaken by the atrocious act of an alien to our social and politioal institutions, and we hope to be instrumental, under Divine Providence, in foster ing a spirit of loyalty to our belsved Queen, aiid feelings of affection to the Royal Family.' It was then moved by Mr. Holland, — 'That the foregoing address be adopted/' Mr. R. Dunlop seconded the motion for the adoption of the address, and in so doing gave an cr.iphatic expression to his opinion that the colony had not be en disgraced by this most lamentable crime. The guilt of the vile offencc must be considered to rest with the perpetrator of the deed, and with his acoomplices — if he b:td any. The Chairman said that he thought the country had been disgraced by the oommission of such a crime upon our shores, although the shame of the deed had been, ho was glad to say, in some degreo wiped out by the simul taneously expressed indignation of the whole colony. The motion was put and agreed to. On the motion of Mr. Rut ledge, seconaed by Mr. w Ucy , the meeting thereupon resolved ' That the chairman, and mover and seconder of the reso lutions be a deputation to wait upon his Excellency the Earl of Belmore, Governor of New South Wales, and to request that he will be pleased to present the address of the Teachers of the Primary Schools of this colony to His Royal Highness the Duke* of Edinburgh.'* A vote of thanks was then passed in favour of the chairman for pre siding at that meeting, and for the interest he had shown in getting up the demonstration. Mr. Bridges made a brief and suitable acknowledgment, of the compliment, after which the meeting sang, with 'much precision and effect, the National Anthem. The proceedings were terminated by three hearty cheers for Prince Alfred, and three cheers for Her Majesty the Queen. Deputation from the G1.EBE.7-On Tuesday, a depu tation, appointed at the public meeting held at the Glebe, on the 17th ultimo, watted upon his Excellency the Governor, to present the address and resolutions then and there agreed upon, soliciting his Excellency to lay the same before H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh. Tho depu tation consisted of the Mayor, Mr. G. Wigram Allen, J.r. ; Messrs. W. T. Pinhev, J'P. ; Richard O'Connor, Alder man Tbornley, and W. Clark. His Excellency received the deputation most kindly, feelingly thanked them, and promised thot tho address nnd resolutions should be pre sented to H.R.H. upon hia convalescence, and a copy for warded to Her Majesty the Queen. His Excellency the Governor reeeived on Monday a deputation from the Loyal Orange Institution, and another | from the Protestant Alliance Friendly SocieU', both of , which presented addresses of sympathy with His Royal Highness tke Duke of Edinburgh. His Excellency thanked the deputations, and promised to present the ad dresses to His Royal Highness on the earliest opportunity. A deputation, consisting of Mr. John Sutherland, M.L.A., the Mayor of Waterloo (Mr. William Moon), the Rev. Semucl Fox, and Messrs. John Geddos, Valentine J. Ellery, Isaac Peck, William Court, and T. M. Slattery, waited upon his Excellency the Right Honourable the Earl of Belmore and requested* his Excellency to present two addrcsseF, — one from the Mayor and Aldermen of the 1 Bi -rough of Waterloo, and the other from the inhabitants of the same municipality — to His Royal Highness Prince Alfred. The Governor stated that he would bo most happy to present the addresses at the earliest possible moment. A deputation consisting of Mr. John. Da vies, Mr. H. B. Polser, and Mr. George Lucas, waited upon his Excellency the Governor, at Government House, on Tuesday, and pre sented to him an address of sympathy with his Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh* from the Sons and Daughters of Temperance in the Hunter River district. His Excellency the Earl of Belmore graciously received the deputation, and promised to lav the address before the Prince on an early opportunity. * The Ancient Order of Royal Foresters held an in6ucntial 1 meeting of the Order at the Temperance Hall^ on Monday ! evening. The meeting was notified by advertisement, and ; was for the purpose 01 giving the Order an opportunity of J expressing ine horror and indignation with which they have viewed the late atrocious and diabolical attempt to | assassinate H.R.H. Prince Alfred. The M.W.S.C.ll. cf tne uraer, jwomer r*. rarrcii, miumiuru uj uiu that he had been suffering from a very severe fit of illness, in consequence of which ne found himself hardly able to conduct the business of the evening. Ho had therefore much pleasure in introducing our vcxterablo Brother P.S.C.R. Richard Chappell to oecupy the chair. The chairman, in a most eloquent speech, brought before* the- notice of the meeting the object for which they were assem bled together, and called upon Brother P.C. John Cummins to move the first resolution. Brother Cummins moved, in a seat and appropriate address, — 'That we, as a friendly society, and as loyal subjects, deetn it oar duty to forward througn his Exoelleney the Governor, the Earl of Bel more, an address of condolence, conveying the sentiments of the members of oar Order, who b&cve; viewed with feel ings of indignation, horror, and surprise, the late atrocious attempt upon tne uie ot nie z&oytai; tugnnoss rrincc Alfred.'* Brother P. C. R. Pete* Cryen seconded the resolution, which was carried with lacclflmation. Brother P. S. C. R. William Higstrim then 1 noved the adoption of a suitable address, which was r» d to the meeting and adopted unanimously. After other resolutions, appointing a deputation to present the address , tho meeting gave three cheers for the Queen and three ch eers for tho Princc, and sang a verse of the National Anil £m. Meeting at Tumbercmba - -in compliance with a requisition a large and infiuentia' 1 meeting of the inhabi tants of Tumberumha and distr £t took plaee on the 18th. March. Several gentlemen tl ten present addressed tho meeting in reference to the objo- ct for which it bad been called, in assertion of their hoi ,Tor and indignation at tho attempted assassination of bis 'Royal Highness the Duko of Edinburgh. Tho speakers an' 1 atl present ware unanimous in expressing their deep synv pathy with the Prince, thoir detestation of the atrocious cj .ime of which he had been the victim, and their thankfulm es to Almighty God for having frustrated the design of the assassin* The chairman, with Mr. R. M*Micking, J.P„ ; Mr. George Henry Greene, J.P, ; Michael Langford, and FrederickE. Compton. wero then appointed a oomi nittee to prepare an oadross, which was adopted unaromously for presentation . to his Roval Highness the Du- .& of Eambur&n.; throuch his Ex cellency the Governor, ?&ftcr; whioh the meeting tormina ted with three hearty chficrs for the Queen and Duke of Edinburgh* ^ . A meeting was held at Raymond Terrace on Saturday, 'Slst instant, to exptess sympathy with H. R. H. Prince Al/red, and thankfulnbep fop- the preservation of his life. The chair was taken by Mv. Bolding, tho Police Magis trate, and reselutiona were moved by the Rev. Messrs. Simm, O'QuinHvan, and 'M'Cullobfej and Mr, Jaoob ; and an address to his Royal I^aghnesB adopted. Thanksgiving fov* the Recovery op H. R. II. the Pcee of Ed £*sxjboh. — The following thanks giving and prayer, issued by the Bishop of Sydney, was used in all the chi ijrcUes of his diocese, on Sunday, 29th ultimo: — ' O Alnjjghty God, who art a strong tower of defcncennto Thy 'servants against the face of then enemies, we yield Thee Tpraiso and thanksgiving for Thy mcrcics eccntly vouchsafed to tbe Dukeof Edinburgh, in restoring him to health ^nd strength. We give Thee humble and hearty thanks that Thou didst graciously deliver him from the great ^?«ger and peril to whioh he was exposed ; and we pray Thee to continue thy loving kindness unto him, nnd to prolong hia days upon earth, that he may live to Thee, and be an instrument of Thy glory, by serving Thee faithfully and doing good in nis generation. } Grant this, O Lord, for Thy meroies' sake in Thy Son, our Lord Jesus Christ, who'ttveth*nd rtfgueth with Thee and', the Holy Ghost, world without end. Amen.' — ' Almighty God ana Heavenly Father, who hast in all agos shewed forth Thy power and mercy In the gracious acliveranoos, of Thy Church, and fn the protection of them that put thcSr' trust in Thee, we yield Thee unfeigned thanks a pfl praise! as for Thy many other great and publio meroies so especially! for that signal and wonderful deliverance vouch^afooto Thy servant tho Duke of Edinburgh from the ror^nt traitorous! attempt upon his life; and r« wo do this d'^y most heaxtily: snd deroutlV £dore and magnify Thy glorious name far this Thy em( goodness vouchsafed to us, eo we do ANt humbly beseech Tbee to continue Thy graoe and favour towards us, that no «*ch dismal calamity may ever again fri upon us Strengthen' tbe hands of our Gracious Sovereign Queen Victoria, and a*l that arc put in authority under her. with judgment justice to out off al workers of iniquity. Pro*** and defend our Soveroig* Lady tho Queen with tho vhele Royal family from all treasons and conspiracies. 1^ unto hor an helmet of salvation, nnd a Btrong tower of i?rfence ngtunrt the face ot all her enemies ; clothe them witfr shame and oouiibm, but upon herself and her posterity let her crown forever flourish. So xre Thy people, and the .sheep of Thy nartnr^ v. Hl give Thee thanks for ever, and wii^ always he showinff forth Thy praise from generation to generation, thnmgfc Jcfiut Christ, our only Saviour and Bei'eemer, to- wnoaa. with Thee, O Father, .and the Holy Gh-pst, be glory y tlie Church throughout all ages, world ^rthout end* Air.™.' 