PASTOREAL FOR LENT, 1868. Daniel, by the grace of God, and favor oftlhe Apootolio ⅇ, Bishop of l1obart lown To the Clergy and Laity of the Diocess of Hobart Town, greeting. "Between the porch and the altar the priests, the Lord's ministers, shall weep, and shall say : Spare O Lord, spare Thy people: and give not Thy inheritance to reproach that the heathens should rule over them. Why should they say among nations, where is there God ? . . . And you, 0 children of Sion, rejoice and be joyful in the Lord your God : because he lath aiven you a teacherut justice."-Joel ii., 17-23. DRanLY BELOVED BRETHRuRN, - The Iraelites of whom the prophet Joel speaks, had recourse to the aid of religion in order to be de.ivered from the dangers to which they were exposed by their powerful eonoemies; and so long as they were oboeient to their teachers propounding to them the allegiance they owed their God, they were sure to find protection. "Spare, O Lord, spare Th.y people; and give not Thy inheritanco to reproach," was the fervent prayer otl'ured up mn their behalf by the priests and ministers of the Lord. Now, as St. Paul informs us, " these things were done in Ia figure of us" (1 Cur. x. 0). You are, dearly-beloved brethren, the inhoeritancee of the Lord ; that chosen people for whose salvation His only Son, the great Perfecler of tlhe Testament, was pleased to offer Himself in sacriiceo and for whom the ministers placed between the altar and ihe porch earnestly pray and l'offer '"the' sa. rileo of the new law, that you may not be subjected to the reproach of your; spiritual enemies triumphing and ruling over you. Tn tile warfaro iu whicl you are constantly engaged duting your mortal pilgrimage against the world, the flesh, and the devil, the Church is your infailileo guide and support; and so long as you are faithful to lier tenalch. ing you need not fear defeat, tnt on the con. trary, you may rest assured of bearing off the palm of victory. Tile Church is Christ's representative on earth. To her He has im parted His own power and authority when ad Iressing Hie Apostles, and through them their lawful successors: he sail, " All power is gicen to me in heaven and in earth. Going, thlorofore, teach ye all nations, bap tizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost. Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever Ihave commanded you ;t and behold Iam with you all days, even to thie consummation of the world "-St. Matthlew xxviii. 19, 20: "He that Ihearoth yotu, heareth me; and he that despiseth you, despinetlt me"-St. lat.k x. 16\. 'And "if he'will inot hear tile Church, let him be to thee as the heathen and the ubhlican "-St. Matthew xviii. 17. 'The hutrcoh, therefore, commands our respect and Sobedienoe in all that portains to salvation; º not only in the weightier matters of fitlh and morality, but also in those minor ordinances s which she has, so to speak, built up as funces round the fold for. the preservation of the flock. Among thoee'ordinances there are some to which, dearly beloved brethren, we deem it our duty to call your special attention, as we have learned wlth.pain that they are boeing disregarded and even openly violated by many of our flock, whose example is al rueady producintg pernicious results amongst the rising generation. The first' is that which commands the confessing of your sins at least, once in the year, or within the timo up pointed ; and is to be found in the following canon of the 4th Council of Lateran " Every one of the faithful of both sexes, after they come to the years. of disoretion shall in private faithfelly confess their sins at least once a year to their pastor, and take care to fulfil to the best of their power the penance enjoined upon them; receiving ro. vercntly at Eister the sacrament of the Eu. charist, unless perlhaps by counsel of their )pastor for soatme reasonable canse they judge it proper to abstain from it for a time; otherwise lot them be excluded out of the Church whilst living, antd when they dio be deprived of Christian burial." This ordinance is founded on the Divine precept, conitained amongst others, in the following words of our Lord-" Unless you shall do penance, you shall all likewise perish "-St. Luke xiii. 3. "Amen, I say unto you, except you eat of the flesh of the Son of Man, and drink his blood, you shall not havi life in you. He that eatelh my flesh and drinkethi my blood hath everlasting life; and I will raise him up in the last day." (St. John vi., 54.55). From which word is deduced the absolute necessity of doin'g prnanco for sine, and participating of the Holy Eucharist. You will not fail, dearly. beloved brethren, to ob'ervo the force to thb. foregoing words used by our Divine Lord, and the similarity they bear to those whlich He employed wh,,n inculcating the necessity of baptism. " A men, nmen, I say to lthe, unless a man be born ag in. of water and tihe Holy Ghost, he cannot enter into the Kingdom of God." (St. John iii. 5.) As, therefore, baptism is indispensably necessary to efface original sin which excludes from the Kingdom of Heaven; so p nance is equally necessary to elt'co the guilt of nacunl sin. arhich deprives us of our richt to a celestial inheritance. By means of penance the mortal wound inflicted on the soul by actual sin is cured,-spiritual life, which is sanctifying grace, is restored, and to preserve this life of tire soul the recep tion of the Holy Eucharist is as necessary as ordinary food is neceesary for the preservation of the life of the body. Wherefore, dearly beloved brethren, we earnestly exhort you to have recourse, not only once in the year, as you ate tricitly commanded, baut roquoantt-y o' these salutary fountains of grace; knowing that they are the true sources of real happiness in this world, and the divinoly-establishied means which will conduct you to the enjoy ment of eternal life, the attainment of which ought to be the chief object of your thoughts. The next ordinance to whioh' we would I direct your attention, dearly . beloved ' brethren, is that which prohibits Catholics from communicating with non.Catholics in e prayer, and from being present at their reli- C gious ceremonies. The great Pontiff Bene- fi diet XIV. in his work called "The Diocesan a Synod," after tracing the lorigin of this ordi- ii nance to the times of the Apostles, and show- 1( ino 'how strongly such intercourse is repro- r bated by the Church, quotes numerous Apos- e tolie canons andI decrees of Council-, all of tl which agree in prohibiting both ecelesiastics a and laymen from uniting with non-Catholics C in prayer and religious rites, under pain of ti deposition to the former, and of deprival of ti communion to tire latter. This prohibition is el general, including, as it does, all classes of the I flock, both old and young, and extending not b only to churches, but also to cemeteries and d other places, oven should they be private b dwelling.bouses, where religious service is fi orfornmed. If, therefore, dearly - beloved b brethren, some af the elder members of our e flock openly violate this important law they ai must see how grievously they offend against o the authority of the Church of God, and to S what severe penalties they expose themselves. p T.ey will say that their faith is too strong to n bs shaken by any temptation, but they ought ti to take warning from the words of St. Paul o addressed to persons placed in similar circmu- g stances,"" He thia thinketh hilmsolf to stand, s lee him taeo heed lost he fall"-1 Cor. x. 12. g -,orebver'they should beware how they com. r port themselves in presence of the younog, tl upon "whom thd. future ol Catholicity in this C Diocess depends,-roimemnbezing that '" I-IHe a that shall scandalize one of these little ones tI that believe in me, it were.better for him that Ii a mill-stone should be hanged about his neck, it nadl that he should be drowned in the depth a of the soa"--Matthew xviii. 6. Above all, a parents whom God hns blessed with ti children, and who are responsible,to Him for 11 the manner ini which they are brought up, fl are bound by the most sacred obligations of ni religion as well as of nature to set them good tl example' They niust tlhemselves beo faithful ti in observing the laws of God and His a Churchl, and- they' mist also make it their b special care that their children observe themn V likewise.` ' For they who neglect the dischargeo of this duty, uipon which the salvation alike tl of 'parents and children depetids, are'declared a by St. tPaul,to have "' denied the fiith," and o to be ' worse than an infidel"-1 Tii. r. . c8. Hence those parents who allow their children u to attend thie prayers and religiouis insttruction a givenhby Protestants at the public schools of cl this' colony,- will"not flail to undershtamd the i nature of:th'e crineo they become guilty of by ii tlhus exposing their little ones to the Imnmi- a nent dinger of -losing that faith "without u which it is inmpossible to please God ;" and tl the" responsibllity they are under of usin, 1 overy nesossary precaution in ordor to pr.e a serve to them that most prolcious of all a gifts. o The lust question, dearly beloved brethren, on which we desire to iastrcet you is that of mixed marriages. Such marriagos have al ways boen reprobated by the antholi Clhurch, and it she permits them it is only with great difficulty, and only under such conditions as will obviate the evils they tend to give rise to. ''ho following extreact, tnken from a circular letter recently addressed by his lhmi. nenco Cardinal Antonolli to all aOtholio Archbishops, Bishops, and Ordinaries of places, expresses the mind of his Ilolioness Pope Pies IX, on the foregoing suhjoue: " All are aware of what hias been the constant feo!Ing of the Charch concerning marringus between Catholies and non-Catholice, seeing that sie has always diseountenanced them and considered them to be illicit, and openly pernicious, as well on account of a sinful oimmunsio in duivine, as because of the imme dints danger of perversion to the Catholic husband. or wife, aid the bad education of their offs?ring." And to this have reference canons of' a very anclont date, severely pro hibiting such mixed marriages, and the more recent decrees of the Sovereign Pontiffs, of which Benediet XIV. of immortal memory speaks in that most celebrated work entitled " Do Synodo Diocesnno." -lHese it is that this Apostolic Seo to which alone belongs the power of dispensing in the impediment" mixtm religionis," if relaxing something of tihe severity of the canons it occasionully permits each mixed marriages, has only done so with very great difficulty, and for most grave cusss; and, solely under the express condi. tion of always securing necessary and oppor Inne safeguards,-to wit, that not merely the Catholic hnaband or wife must not be per. verted by the non-Catholio, but that on the contrary the Catholic husband or wife are to know that they are bound by all means to strive to convert their non-Catholic consort from error,' but also that all the children of both oexes that may be born from the mar. rings are, by all means, to be brought up in the sanctity of the Catholic religion, which precautions can never be dispensed with, seeing that they are founded on the natural and Divine law which the Church and this Holy See strive in every way they can to up hold in its integrity, and against which, un doubtedly, they sin most grievously who rashly contracting such marriages expose themselves and the children that thence may be born to thebo danger of perversion. His Holiness in no wise doubts that all prelates in view of their tried religion and p oty, and of the duty of their pastoral office, will continue with ever increasing zeal to dis suade the Catholics entrusted to them from there mixed marriages, and accurately to tench them the doctrines and laws of the Church respecting such marriages. His Holi ness, moureover, is fully persuadle ,hat tt. aforesaid prelates will always have before their eyes the letters an I instructions which have been written on this most important subject and matter of utmost momenit by his predecessors of happy memory, especially by Pius VI., Pius VII., Pius VIII., and Gregory XVI., to many bishops of the Oatholie world. These instructions, coming as they do from 0o high a source as the head of the Catholic Church, the Vicar of Jesus Christ, will we feel assurel when they are fully made known and explained to you, influence your conduct in a matter which intimately regards your temporal and spiritual interests. Mixed mar riages, as such, are emphatically an unmixed evil. Besides the spiritual evils arising from them, there are temporal evils also which alone should be sufficient to deter not only Catholics but non-Catholics as well from en teriug into them. They are destructive of that domestic peace and happiness which should prevail in every family, and a state of life designed by God to be a source of blessing becomes an intolorable yoke and a curse. A hollow pence is often purchased by the loss of faith. But should the faith be preserved, it is with dilliculty, and by yiehli-n to compromises which deprive it of much of its value. The phffpring also of each marriages cannot poisibly escape the contagion which error diffuses around it. Subjeot to influences which they are not in a p,sition to counteract, their youthful minds must re eive impressions which are calculated to weaken, if not wholly oradicato the germs of Divine Faith. Hence if they do not alto gether renounce their faith they grow up with maudlin ideas of its necessity and obli gatioln,-roinining it may be the name of Catholic, but negligent in the practice of those virtues which distingui.h a good Catholio.. However great may be the good- euch as the conversion of the non-Catholio that casunally results from mixed marriages, and which is put in as a plea in their favor, it cannot be compared with the general evils which they originate; nor can it be lawful for anyone to risk the salvation of his own soul to ?ain that of another, It is then plainly the duty of every pastor of souls to guard his lock, for which he is responsiblo to Goel, gailnst danger, and to preserve them within the fold rather than to seek out others, and to prefer the condition of our Lord, who said, " Of these whom thou hast given me, I have not lost anyone"-St. John xviii. D. Vhlterefore, dearly-beloved brethren, feeling it our duty to give effect to the injunctions of the Suprctne.Pontiff, and convinced as we are of the deplorable consequences which so often result from mixed tnmrriages, we de clare it to be our determination to discounte nance them by every nieans in our power, and relying on the co-operation of our faithffit clergy and on your filial obedience end good tlistpositions, we trust that those of otr flock intending to enter into the matrimonial state will dismiss from their minds all ideas of uniting themselves for life in a yoke so bur thensome to humtan nature and so detrimental to religion. We further declare that we a slhll not tolorate the colobration of any such umarriages within our diocess, unless we are satallled that the conditions prIesribed by his H[oliness are made and are likely to be faith fully flflilled ; which conditions are : 1st That the non.Catholic party solemnly pro. mino not to interfere directly or indirectly with the religion of the Catholioc. 2nd. That children of both sexes-should God bless tholl with any-be baptized and brought up in the Catholic religion. And 3rd. That the Catholic party strive to convert the non Catholic from error. And we require that thse condlitions be recorded in a book kept for that purpose by each of our clurgy, and signed by both parties, in thile presence of two witnesses. In conclusion, dearly-belovod brethren, among the works of charity and religion which will engage your attention during the ensuing Lent, we shall ask your pious prayers for our Holy Father the Pope. Assailed by the most inveterate eulmies of all law, human and divine, the Christian world ever had to contend with, whose professed object in on. deavoring to expel the Pope from Rome, is the destruction of religion-and aided by no human power upon which hI can rely,--ho presents to the world a noble example of firmnces and confidence in that good God who assures us that whatsoever we ask in the name of his Son will be granted to us. "The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the charity of God, and the communication of the Holy Ghost, be with you all. Anmen." (2 Cor. xiii. 13.) t DANIEL, Bishop of Hobart Town. Given at our residence, Hobart Town, Soxagesima Sunday, MDCCCLXVIII. 