THE DUKE OF EDINBURGH IN QUEENSLAND. fFmm the Brisbane Courier , February 26. - At &»'clock yesterday morning two guns from tho Obser vatory awoke our citizens to tho fact that the Challenger, with his Royal Highness Prince Alfred- on board, was at anchor ia Brisbane Roads. About an hour later tbe Kate, steamer, with his Excelloncy the Acting Go vtmor ond the members of tho Ministry, started down the river to receive his Royal Highness ana bring bim to town. She was soon after followed by tho Emu and other' steamers intended to oscort lbs Kate up the river. Unfor tunately none of tho vofscIs had many passengers, either bccause of the early hour of starting, or that tho desiro was more generally telt to see tne Inmunp in .unsDane ana tne procession to 'Government House. Going down the river nothing noteworthy occurred. Ota arriving in the bay, the Challenger was observed dressed from stem to tafirail with flags, the Royal Standard fly ing at the main. At this- time there was a fresh southerly breeze blowing, which caused a consider able swell. This being tho case, tho Platypus s.s., signalled the Kate, and told her not to go alongside the man-of-war. Accordingly the Kate stopped hor engines as soon as she pot near enough, while the Ipswich, Mary, and Ems came close up to her. At the same time- His Royal Highness left tbe Challenger in tho ship's gig, accompanied by Com modore Lambert and Messrs. Brierly and Ilaig, and went on board the Kate. Directly the Prinoe got on board, the Royal standard was hoisted at tho Kate's mainmast. On board the Challenger the men, who had been standing ready in the tops, lay out and manned the yards, while the guns thundered forth a Royal salute. The Kato then turned ahead, followed by the Emu, Mary, and Ipswich, passed round the Challenger's bows and stood for the bar. i he Emu was then in her position on. the Kate's port quarter, the Mary on the other quarter, and the Ipswich bringing up the rear. When about half way to the bar, the Maiy waa sent back with a message, and the Ipswich took her place. Tho escort was thus reduced to the two vessels. The Brisbane and Emma had also gone down to the bay with the view of forming part of the cscor.% but thoy went so far away in the direction of Humpy Bong that they were unable to take their places in the procession. as at first intended. When the boats neared the beacons on the bar they were joined by the Nowra (a.), but after a timo she dropped astern, and no more was seen of her. The ships in the Bay displayed all their bunting, and those nearest the Challenger— tlie Flying Cloud and. Southern Empire fired guns as the Kate passed them, and, indeed, until the repot ts were no longer audible. The Proserpine, police hulk, was gaily dressed with flags, and as the steamers passed she saluted by dipping her ensign. So the three vessels passed on their way to town ; the river looked its best. Being about high water, the unpleasant looking mud flats, which are exposed at low tide, were covered, and the mangroves fringed fhe water. The sun was brightly shining overhead, and owing to the late rains all vegeta tion looked vividly green and healthy. At Lytton the flags on the wharf and boat-shod were dipped as the steamers went by. About a mile further up the river the Black Diamond met the flotilla, and giving hearty cheers took her position astern between the Emu and Ipswich. The pace, however, was too great for her, and she was left behind in the next reach. A few flags were seen here and there, but neither man, woman, or child between Lytton and the Hamilton. The whole of the dwellers en the river banks had apparently left their homos to take care of themselves while they enjoyed their holiday in town. At tho Hamilton a large number of ladies on horseback wero seen, who, immediately on making out the Kate, galloped off towards town, apparently with the view of announcing for a certainty the welcome intelligence that the Prince was on his way Hp to Brisbane. On the green bank just below Breakfast Creek a detachment of the Volunteer Artillery had placed three of their field- pieces in position, and as the Kate approached commenced firing a salute. On seeing this the boat slackened speed, and finally stopped until the salute was finished. It was fired in gcod time, and as soon as it was finished the guns were limbered up, and the detachment started for town at a rattling pace. Mr. Harris's yacht, the Hamlet's Ghost, was at anchor off Kewstead, and presented a very gay.ap pearance, decked out as she was with innumerable flags. On her side a cloth had been fixed, on which were the words, 'AVelcometo the Sailor Prince,' worked in flowers. She, too, tried to do further, honour to the Prince by dipping her ensign and firing a salute. From Break fast Creek there were no more demonstrations until the arrival in town, though here and there were groups of people standing on the bank, who waved handkerchiefs lustily as the steamers passed. While passing Anderson's slip the Ipswich fell astern of the Emu, so that tho three vessels formed a line, the Kate, of course, leading. The town presented a very animated and festive appearance as the steamers rounded Kangaroo Point The Witch of the Tees, barque, the steamers Queensland, Clarence, Williams, and Leichhardt, were all lying in the stream, at some dis tance apart, in a line from abreast the Custom House to abreast of the landing-stage. Besides these vessels, the Pearl, surveying schooner, and one of the pilot schoonors were lying in the stream ; and all, in common with the vessels at the wharf, were dressed in holiday attire. The Kate passed inside of this line of vessels direct to tho stago, where she made fast. Th; Emu steamed up on the outside or Kangaroo Point side of the steamers, and, round the uppermost, stopped opposite the landing-stage, while the Ipswich went along the A- S. N. Co.'s wharf. 