COUNTRY INTELLIGENCE. GREEN PONDS. BRITISH AND FORRION DIIDLE SOIETY. (From a Correspondent.) Tihe annual meeting at Green Ponds of this Society took place on Friday last. The Society's meetings had previously been held in thie Independent Chapel-the retired and respected pastor, thie Rev. William Water field, having always engaged with deepest interest in the Society's grand mission. It was now deemed preferable, from the un sectarian character of this Bible Society to occupy other and unquestionable ground. The Lecturo Hall, therefore, was chosen for the meeting. At a quarter after 7 p.m., Thos. Gorringe, Esq., took the chair, and requested the Rev. Arthur Wayne to read a portion of the Word of God. Mr. Gorringe expressed the high honor le esteemed it to take that position in the So ciety's meeting. He spoke with warmth of the great work which the Society had orgauised and prosecuted-of its almost world-wide operations, elaborating on the un questionable wisdom of sending out " The Book" to the world, carrying exclusively what "Iholy men of old spake," and wrote, "as they were moved by the Holy Ghost." The Rev. W. VWaterfield (Congregational), the treasurer, being requested to present his report, did so by verbal statements. The Rev. A. Wayne (Episcopalian) spoke to the first resolution, which referred in eulogistic terms to the Society itself and to its great success, with which was coupled the pledge of tile meeting for its co-operating support. MIr. Wayne regretted that from the comparative isolation of his previous ministerial labors, ho.had been debarred till now from publicly expressing the admniration in which he held so praiseworthy a Society; it had his warmest sympathies. He regretted that so disproportionately few of his brother clergymen gase to this Institute their sup port. He hoped that especially the youth present would make the Holy Scriptures their daily study. The resolution was seconded by Mr. Joseph Johnson, of Castle Hill, and put to the meet ing and carried. The Rev. Mr. Dear (Congregational), the Society's agent, then rose to present for adoption the second resolution. It referred to the election of a committee for the en suing year; but Mr. Dear quickly veering from his text presented to the auditory with uncommon force and effect the steady and rapid advances of the Society's grand work. Several fields of its operations were consecu tively brought under review-Poland, Russia, and Austria. On China and France the speaker enlarged, and the detailed successes enumerated on these two moral battle fields were grandly presented. Mr. Lumsden seconded the resolution, which was put and carried. The collection was then taken up. The Rev. Mr. Kennedy submitted the last resolution, which was to present a vote of thaniks to the ladies who had been collecting funds. Mr. Kennedy said lie should be sorry to efface by anything he might say the im pressions made by the eloquent address of Mr. Dear. He would just remark only the ladies themselves could fully realise the an ticipatory and actual unpleasantness and difficulties incidental to a collector of money for the Bible Society, and he was sure.the meeting would accord their hearty thanks to those ladies. ,.',The resolution was both seconded and re sponded to .by the general ,expression of the audience. After the Doxology, Mr. Wayne pronounced the benediction and the meeting dispersed. - 