SHIPPING. CLEARANCE. JuLY 21.-Jason, schooner, 96 tons, Captain Hurley, for Newcastle, in ballast. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH. ] CAPE MORETON.] July 21 A ketch was sightcd to the north this after- noon. PILOT STATION. July 21 The Diamantina, s , Black Swan, s. s., and the schooner Alpha are all anchored off the Station IPSWICH STEAMERS,-The Settler, from Raff''s wharf, at half-past 9 o'clock, and the Emu, from the A. S. N. Co.'s wharf, at 10 o'clock this morning. The City of Brisbane, s., leaves for Sydney at 10 o'clock this forenoon. The Clarence, s., leaves for the Northern Ports at 12 o'clock noon this day, and not at 9 p. m. , as previously stated. There was an unusually high spring tide on Monday night. The rain does not appear to have affected the river here , but, at high tide, the water was awash with the top of Harris' Wharf. The Emu, s .came down from Ipswich yesterday, but the rain there had not raised the water perceptibly above its ordinary level. The City of Brisbane, s , left Sydney Heads on Friday at 7 .10 p. m. , she had south-east and easterly weather, with rain, and tlncatening appearance tho wholo of tho passage Passed the South Passago on Sunday, at o 30 p m , w as off Capo Moioton at 8 p m , but coinpolled to go to sea, through tho thick milly wcathei duung Sunday night On Monday morning had a strong eostoih galo, veeiiug toeast noith east, with continuai rain and a hean sea, mudo Capo Moleton ngom on Mondoy ot 8 am, and anchored below tho Flats at 2pm, where she remaiuid until Tuesday, anning at the wharf nt 10 a m The Waihi dv k, 3 -This useful and pow or ful tug stenmei arrived a short time siuce at Melbourne, from Lnglund, undei ciuvas At tho former port she was fitted with her ma clnncry, &c; , and then loft for New castle, wheie she has proved herself a most cfliciont vessel On tho 5th, bIio carno up to this port to be cleaned and oveibauled, which has been effected at the A S N Company's works at Pjrmout She made a tnal tup of Bome hours, icsterday, her speed averaging IO knots The engines of this stcamci aro of tho latest pattern, and aie fitted with disconnecting gear of so simple a constrnction as to enable their being worked separately with the greatest ease Although built specially foi a tug boat, hei dock ailoi da ample space for cairvmg caigo oi passengers, and her owner, Captain Denn, pulposos pío ceeding with hei to Mai vborough wheie her services will doubtless be fully uppreciatod in landing passengeis from tho vessels arriving from the neighboring colonies or els for lowing pul poses - S TIT Sa aid H MS Guatea-Wc kain hy telegram from Twofold Bay communicated by the barque Constanco, from Loudon to Auckland, that the last named vessel spoke H M S Galatea, Cap- tain H R H the Duko of Ediiibiit(,h, on tho 17th May, in latitude 29 6 S , longitude 23 31 W , all well on boaid -S M Maali A*. Ocean Mr sei.ofb-Tho following mc morandum, picked up bv the natives of HoII'b Island, in Novembei, 18G7, has just come to hand, it having been mislaid The origiuul document is much stained by salt watci, and is to the following effect -"Sunda;, May 26, 1867, at noon, British, ship Burlington, owned hi Messrs Lidgett and Sons, Captain J Cowai d, commandci, latitude, 115 25 J. , longitude, 171 IG E , bound from Sydney, N S Wales, to Sou Ti ancisco, with coals and 170 passengers, 3G days out rino passage, cou trary winds, all well, no sickness Yesterday paBsed Ulihoa 'Town, Kingsmill Island, aud communicated with shore Hcav; curient to westward Crossed the Tquator ou Saturday, 25th May, at 11 o clock p m Signed J Coward, Captain " [The Burlington sailed for San FianciBco on 21st Apnl, 1807- Ed S Jil &e;¡ald] SHIP MAILS Mnils will bo inado up and closed at the General Post Office, as under - For tho Australian Colonies, per City of Brisbane For nowspapers, at 9 a lu , and for lotters, at 9 30 a m , on Wednesday (this day) Mem -Tho registered mail closed last even ing For tho Northern Ports, per Claience For registered letters and newspapers, at 10 30 am, for letter*, at 11 a m , and for late feo lcttors at 11 30 am, on \\\ ednesday (this day). VESSELS IN HARBOR -July 21 Ship Bayswater, 1.256 tons, Captain Davies, for London J aud G Hains, agents Bus bane RoadB Loading Ship Zcalundia, 1031 tons, Captain Motton, fiom London J and G Hums, agents Bub banc Roads Dischaiging Barque Eaglet, 392 tons, Captain Wm. Hughes, from London J and G Harris, agents Pinkenbar Flats. Discharging. Schooner Aim, 13G tons, Captain Noon, fiom Sydney Barkci and Co, agents Rail's wharf Schooner Jason, 01 tonB, Captain Hurley, from Melbourne G RuU and Co, agents Rou's w harf Schooner Harriet King, 185 lons, Captain M'JJonald, fiom Adelaide G Kail and Co, agentb. Bright Brothers wharf Schooner Southern Cross, 158 tons, Captain M'Donald, from Circular Hcud G. Iiutl and Co , agents Barker's wharf Schooner Christina Thompson, i>G tons, Cap tam P Johnson, from Melbourne Barker and Co , agents Roll d wharf Schoonor Lj tiona, 71 tons, Captain Couth fiona tho South Sea Islands A B Pritchard and Co, agents Schooner Boomeiang, 98 tons, Cuptam T Paterson, fiom the Clarence Ri\ ci G Ratland Co , agents Half's wharf Schooner J G ColcBon, 70 tom, Captain G Webster, from the Clarence River Barker and Co , agents Gocrtz's wharf VESSELS TO ARRIVE Abbotsford, 528, Venus, from London for BriBbuno, sailed from Deal April 2 Bright Brothers and Co , agents Young Australia, 7G7, Bolt, from London for Moioton Bay, sailed from Deol April 20 J and G Harris, agents Harmodius, 4J0, Deason, from London for Brisbane, Bailed May 6. J and G Harris, agents. Rajah of Sarawak, 481, Norton, fiom Lon don for Brisbane, sailed May IG G Raff und Co, agents Westbury, 329, Cook, from London for Bris bane, to sail in May Clarke, Hodgson, and Co , agents Omar Pasha, 1096, C Grey, from London for Moreton Bay, to sail Juno 15 Bright Brothers, agents Planet, 607,-, fiom London for Brisbano, to sail Juno 20 J and G Harris, agents. Storm King, 1118, Cormaek, from Loudon for Moreton Bay, to sail June 30 J and G Harris, agents Julie Tatham, 327, Cundv, from London for Brisbane, to sail in May Quick Step, 800, ChuBe, fi om I ivcrpool for Moreton Bay, sailed May 7 Bright Brothers and Co, agents Humberstone, 321, P. Robinson, from Lu cr pool for Brisbane J and G Hams, agents Sea Chief, 105, Jones, from Liverpool to Moreton Bay, to sail May 30 Bright Brothers, agents. Exorno, 17G, H. Nicholson, from Adclaido, sailed July 1J. Fox, 157, Howell, from Sydnoy, Bailed July 16\. _ [Br EMCTBIC TEIEOBAPH J MARYBOROUGH DEPABTtTEE July 21,--Floionce Irving, s, for Sydney, at 8.30 a m. ROCKHAMPTON. DEPAETUBK. July 21.-Loichliardt, s., for Gladstone, at 10.40 a.m. MACKAY. DEPASTURE. July 21.-Tinonoo, s.s., for Port Denison. PORT DENISON. ARRIVALS. July 21.-Hamlet's Ghost, yacht, during the night,- Tinonee, s.S., from Mackay. SYDNEY. ARRIVALS. July 20.-Ballina, s., from the Macleay River ¡.Princess Alice, barque, from Auckland ; Young Australia, schooner, from Bnfllo Creek. July 21.-Lady Bowen, s., from Bsisbanc, nt 8 a.m. DRFARTURE. July 21.-John Knox, barque, for Lyttleton ; Lady Young, s., for Brisbone, at 5 p.m. 