GENERAL NEWS. AUSTRALIAN WOOLS.—The Herald gives the following extract from the jury report of the French. Exhibition :- The general charac- teristic of Australian wools is their natural whiteness and elasticity, their strength and regularity. They are generally ductile, readily twisted, and equally suitable for carding and combing ; but when long of fibre and sufficiently strong, they are preferred for combing—a milky whiteness being of great value in this branch of manufacture. The considerable increase of production, which has nearly doubled within the last six or seven years, has proved most detrimental to the quality. Instead of there being two thirds of combing wool, there is now scarcely one-half of that quality; and this has not the same relative value as the two-thirds pre- viously obtained. The ratio of increase has been 11 to 12 per cent, per annum since 1662. Great care should be taken to prevent de- generation ; growers aim at quantity rather than quality. BATHUHST NATIONAL SHOW.—The Agri- cultural Show was held to-day, and proved to be a greater success than was anticipated, owing to an extension of the programme, so as to admit exhibits of local manufactures. Agricultural machinery, saddlery, boots and shoes, leather, pottery, soap, etc., all made in the district, constituted the most interest ing features of the show, and gave a good impression of the state of industry in the district.—Herald's Telegram. CANNIBALISM IN NEW ZEALAND.—The Wanganui Times says :- Information of a credible nature has reached the Government, that the cannibal, Tito Kowaru, exceeding in villany anything yet heard in New Zealand since the very first day of its colonisation, has forwarded to the inland tribes some potted meat, made of the flesh of our poor fellow-countrymen who fell in the late disas- ter at the front. The purport of this horrible practice, it is scarcely necessary to remark, is to inflame the ferocity of the natives of the interior, from whom this scoundrel expects assistance. Some small kegs of this horrible food have found their way, it is stated, to the Waikato district, and have been seen amongst the tribes located near Lake Taupo. The Dubbo Dispatch says that all the waterholes in that district are fast drying up, and should there not be any rain before Christmas, the whole river from Coonabara- bran to Bogara (and it is doubtful if the latter, a very deep waterhole, will not be the same), a distance of 175 miles will be dry. It is a fearful sight to con- template the amount of cattle that are bogged and dead in the river in three holes here, not five minutes' walk from each other. There are over two hundred head, and we can confidently say that within a distance of thirty miles there are not less than over one thousand head lying. The cattle that are pulled out are so weak that not one in ten over get up again, and the stench which arises is sufficient to cause contagion. RATHER SUSPICIOUS.—The Kiama Pilot states that on Thursday night, being 5th of November, the Orangemen of our district assembled at the usual place of meeting. Mr. John Gray's residence, to celebrate the event. During the night Mr. Gray had occa- sion to walk round the house, and while doing so a shot was fired close by. Several parties went to the spot from whence the shot was fired, but though they distinctly heard the sound of persons running, they did not succeed in seeing anyone. Mr. Gray imagines the person evidently meant mischief, though he would not like to say the shot was meant for him. LOST CHILD.—Some three weeks ago a little child of Mr. J. A. Carter's, about three years old, strayed away from its home at Middle Adelong. Every effort was made by the parents and the neighbours in the locality to clear up the mysterious circum- stances that surrounded the affair, but without success. Intelligence has just been brought to town that the body has been re- covered about three miles away from the father's residence, in an old dried lagoon, where no doubt the unfortunate child strayed when the lagoon was full of water, and thus prevented its recovery at the time. It may be some satisfaction to the bereaved parents to know the fate of their lost child. Southern Argus. COUNT (?) VON ATTEMS. — The Brisbane Courier of Saturday says :-" Some things have at last come to hand respecting the movements of the accomplished swindler who lately gulled so many, under the assumed name of Count Von Attems. Captain Howe, who was in command of the Hamlet's Ghost, writing from Somerset, on September 29th, tells his wife that he has left the vessel, and will shortly be in Brisbane. The Count (?) has set sail for the East Indies. How many of our readers will say Bon voyage?" THE CROPS.—We have heard from a very reliable source that the crops this year will be a failure on many parts of the Yass River and Murrumbidgee, the cold winds having totally destroyed them. In some quarters, old experienced hands believe that the yield will not be three bushels to the acre, and even if a sufficient supply of rain came now, that the yield would not be more than five bushels to the acre. In fact, we have heard that in many parts of the Yass River there was never experienced such a bad season as the present one will be. We refer to that part of the river leading to Gundaroo.— Southern Argus. FREE AND EASY.—The simple, easy, and truly unconventional style in which the Rev. Francis Zavier Baily, L.L.D., transformed himself into a Bishop, and ordained pastors of the " Free Church of England " last Sabbath night, and the peculiar—not to say '' rowdy "—proceedings which characterised the ceremonial, have, it is said, determined the congregation to lot their establishment be henceforth known as the " Free (and easy) " Church of England.—Sydney Punch. RARA AVIS.—The number of strange birds lately seen in this vicinity has been somewhat remarkable, and in the minds of some leads to the conclusion that we are about to experience a season of drought. On Friday last Mr. Arthur shot a curious orni- thological specimen, at the creek near the town, which he forwarded to the curator of the Sydney Museum. It appeared to be of the stork species—had a long curved bill and long legs. The peculiarity, however, lay in the wings, which underneath instead of fea- thers had flesh of a bright red colour. This colour seemed to prevail all over the body, the feathers being white and gray, with a beautiful tuft at the pinion of each wing of black and blue. Whether the fleshy portions were usual, or the bird was in a state of moult, we cannot say. — Western Examiner. A CAUTION TO NOBLERIZERS.—Information readied the coroner at Sandhurst on Thurs- day, from Heathcote, to the effect that a man named George Wilson, while in the bar of the Prince of Wales Hotel, Heathcote, had helped himself to a nobbler from one of the bottles marked, " whisky," on the stand on the counter. He drank it off quickly, too late to discover that it was not whisky, but cyanide of potassium, which he had drunk. In a few minutes he was dead. 