UlnlL'tUU'T SSUUAK. Before the season for sowing the beetroot seed sent by Mr. John Walker to Mr. Fawns, of Launceston, is over, we wish to give at least another extract frosm Mr. Arnold Ba ruehlson's interesting pamphlet. HlJ says In the early stages of this industry, the per centage of sugar obtained from the root was far less than at present, and the succes sive improvements in the richness of the juice from one to ten per cent, of sugar have lild an inlportant bearing on the various cal-' culations connected with its production; as, but for them, its manufacturers and refiners could not have overcome the rivalry of the, cane sugar. The weight of roots per acreo, also, was originally far less than at present. \Vhere the white Silesian is used, the avcrage, weight of a root should not exceed 35 lbs.,: and the sowing should be closer than larger, ones. The preliminary preparation of the soil varies with its nature. The soil having: been manured in the autumn, it requires to be ploughed twice, to ie then harrowed, and again ploughed previous to the planting or. swing ; then to Ie weeded, when the plant, can be easily distinguished from noxious, herbs (darnel). Tt should also be ploughed twice or thrice during the growing. Great cleanliness is requisite, and labor freely be stowed on tile land will be amply repaid by. the increased crop. The most suitable time for sowing is from. the beginning of April (September) till the. early part of May (October). Like other natives of a southern climate, the root is deli cate, and is liable to itjury alike by the frosty nights which sometimes occur before the first named period, and by an unusually. warns early summnner; since the first retards the growth, and the second causes premnature vegetation, when, instead of increasing in: substance, the beet shoots up in stalks and stems. In sowing, ridges of half an inch to an inch in depth are made; and where women, formerly followed the plough, as they still: do occasionally, they sowed tlhe eed at inter vals of twelve inches, afterwards covering it with earth. Sometimes the intervals are six teen inches, but never more, since too much solar heat then reaches the earth. They are smallest in rich ground, where, if twelve in-, cites, the leaves will entirely hide the earth., A woman would sow 6000 to 8000 seeds, per diem ; but by" placing them in holes ra ther than sowing broadca;st a less quantity suffices, and tile subsequent weeding entails less trouble. The seed requires no peculiar preparation.' In properly worked land it breaks through the soil in ten to fourteen days. If sown. istter than the first few days of May it is ad visable to soak it in rain vater for twenty four hours. The quantity used varies accord-. ing to the theories of different farmers. Were only one seed to be dropped into each hole, five pounds per acre would sufflice. But it, has been found far more profitable to use twelve or even fifteen pounds, not only be-, cause the seeds break through sooner and, grow faster when several are together, but because tho fsiilure of various holes is thus guarded against. However, when the plants have come up some little time, they must be thinined, leaving only one in each hole. Hooing should commence as soon as they are above ground. Many farmers repeat this twice instead of reploughing; using for that purpose and for sowing the machines, of which there are several patented in Ger many and France, as well as here. Weeding is commenced when somne strength and firmness has been attained by the plant, and requires to be managed with care. In removing the superfluous plants the strongest must be left. This is followed by the second hoeing, and this loosening of the soil allows the young plants to grow and flourish, cover-, ing the field with their leaves. At the third hoeing or ploughing, which takes place early in August, the chief object is to beware that the top of the root is covered, the saccharine being by that timie in course, of formation. After this nothiig should be done to the plant till tlie harvest commences, which it does in the latter end of September or in the comsiiencement of Oo; tober. The readiness of the roots for gather ing is known by tlhe change which takes place in the color of the leaves, the dark green becoming yellow and drooping., Tore main some little time longer in the ground would not injure them; but it is not wise to delay beyond November (April), as frost set ting in would bo destructive to their qualityj They are simply dug up with a spade, laid in a' row, and' carefilly "deprived of their: loaves. The root' should be hard and of a 61los texture, with a white and delicate skin, 'ndl it should be firm; hesvy, and break off slmort. A slpongy soft root, with a thick skin, will be found deficient in saccharine matter. '-Its taste should he:sweet and 'pleas t, qut ree from a i' lineiflavor.' - The alternative of cov'oring the roots with earth wholun the anuflllllfturo Calnomt be lit once proconded with, is conseqouently the one in goeneoral 0a0. Wlen left, 0s they sooe. times are, in the Iell throughout the winter, they are piled in h 'aps, ,of three or folur toI?s and covered with :earth f'ro. six to tweIlve inlches deoo, which is incrm1o .d to Lwo or throae feoot when the frost ets. in. 'The healps thus formed re about oh'ty-livoe f?loet long, four feet broad, and thrle? feet deepl . I1ut this delay, if continued 1 yond ])eeomtloer, dirlinishol th sllchrinell .1as ntuch as oa lor even two per c?llt.; Ilenlco tlhe malnnuftcturing season is usually ahnost over by the closo of that montll. The lano d most suitable fIlo growing heet is that on which the soil is free from peat and sAlt, but is rich, light, and loamly. Clay land is too cohl ; the r1oots do not easily pen10 trato it, and they would e1 delicient in sle. clarino mlltter. Onl moorlau 0 and heavy marsh land tlle result is the sallen. Not does dry, sandy soil, or soil with ta hlard, rocky bottom yield ia satisofitory crop. S1tony ground also is to be avoideld, as it cannot be thoroughly worked, while ground newly cleared contains matter detrilmental to the sugar producing power of the beet. Experi once haos amply shown tlhat the hoest cropso, as regards both quantity and lquality, colme from a light, deel, argillaccouso soil, free from ex cessive umoisturo and acidity--a soil which has boon long under cultivation, and is not burdened with noxious weeds, whose exhaus tion is repaired by continual imprnovement in the onltivation, antd y restitution to it in the shape of manure of what it has lost. As this root takes up tlhree or four per cent. of mineral salts, lime, potash, and soda, rind as the bases of these may interclhange one with notlher, all attempts to tmake good sugat fromn the product of salt lands, soil too munnch manutred, or groulndl recently cleared of timber, are certltn to be entirely futile. Sloping land of moderate elevation will give the best result. Oan Nwov GovunoR.--'lThe direction of Mor. Du Cane's political leanings may le be gathered from the following extract from his printed address to the electors of North.East Essex in lJune last, when seeking re- election :-" As I tam now, and lhave been for uplwards of eleven years, the actual llh,1eresentative of the greater portion of the North. Eastern Division, I fooeel that it is u0oecessary for 1me to enter on a lengthened exposition of my political principles. If gain retutrned by you to Par liament I shall enOdeavor to lsupport a policy combining national progress and liberty with the safety, honor, and welfare of the Throne and Constitution, and tlhe protection of those Protestant Institutions in Clurch and State which appear to elo to be most seriously en. dangered by the action of the present Parlia ment. I trust, also, it is needless for me to say that you will find me, as heretofore, giving a cordial support to all measures which are calculated to maintain the interests of Agriculture with those of the Manufactures and Commerce of the country." TIlE LAUNCESTON %WATEn BILL.-The Alear cury says:--In our report of the speech of Mr. John Scott, when withdrawing the Laun ceston Water bill, Mr. Scott is represented as having sai'l that lhe asked leave to with. draw the hill in deference to what was due to himself and his colleagues. Mr. Scott states that what he said was that some deference should be shown to the opinions of thoe IMunicipal Council of Launceston, and he pointed out that the Parliament by vetoing a measure based upon the direct conclusions of a local body would be striking at the very principle of local self-governmett. 2ho Australian Journal for this week con. tains a very good selection ; one tale in par ticular may be extensively read with, great advantage, namely, " Living like your Neigh lors." There is a nearly filll- length portrait of his Excellency Sir J. H. T. Manners Button, K.C.B., Governor of Victoria. The song is " Come home, Floather. CoNs. FnoMr THIE W?TEST.-Whly is the Colo nial Secretary's salary like an umbrella 1 Because it keeps Sir Richard-Dry. Why is the head of the police departmuent like a ghost haunting an hotel Because lho's an inn spectre (inspect6r). Dreadful I INTER- COLONIAL RIIFIE MATCHl.-A match hias been arranged between the IHobart Town Volunteer Artillery and the East Melbourne Artillery Corps. The former fired on Wed nesday, with thebo following result (according to the Mlercur'y), showing an average of 47 : 2008300 400 500 yds. yde. yds. yds. TI. Capt. Tarleton ............ 13 1I 10. 3 37 Capt. Lovett, ............... 15 1. 0 '10 44 Lleut.'O'lloyle '......... 10 1 t. 8- 12 48 Sergt.-Maejor Hlayrls .;.,..' '0 12 18 -12"' 40 Sergt. Roblin ..... .....16 if 1.5 11 63 Sergt.Eviana .......... '12 12 13 6 431 Corporal Hlens ............ 18 8 17 0 52 Bomb. Mclsgor............... !14 . .0 10 15 40 Ganner Cherry ............ 10 :7. 16 11; 44 Gunner Johnston. ......... 20 14. 13 7 54 470 SLae. AsauonANO?.-LecTurn.-Ona Thurs day evening last, Mr. C. M'Artbur, agent for the Liverpool and London and Globe Insur ancne Company, delivered an interesting Loee tureat the Working Men's Club; subjeot " Life Assurance." There was only a modor., ate attendance. Mr. lM'Artlur, in commenc ing his address, deprecated any idea that hlo iotonded to advocate the interests of the par ticulartlosarance Company with which he was connected ; lis object being to explain to the uninitiated what was diflicult to under-' stand in the matter of life Assurance. He then in a pleasing manner explained tLo principles and benefits of thle system, ap: pealiog especially to thle young, and urging the many odvantages which would accrue to thlose who in youtho availed themselves of its ofers. Itn conclusion, the lecturer said -Lifoe assurance is not only a satisfaction during life, but is n consolation in tle hour of death: IIn your la't moments how will your agony,be intensfied by tlhe thought tlhat your wifo aid dear little ones will speedily oxlhaunast theloir immediate resources,, and grnldually go down to poverty, and, perhaps, to degradstion, if not to crinme I My feelings will scarcely porm'it mo to dwell upon it. Thi most patient and pious Clristian could not onduro suoh a sight. At the close of the lecture, MIr. IlI'Artliur. was awarded a .hearty'; vote of tllank.i.', IstOUtTANT DIscov??-f-Mr. Lanny, of Vienna lhad discovered that in the 'manutle tare of flint glass Tor optical purposaes if thallium. ise used instead .of potash the donslty and rerraeotivo powars ofthoproduot are greatly increased. .. . FRnEont EXPodrTION TO TIIR NORtTH PoLs.-M. Lamber htopes.to have his ex. pedition ready to enter. the Arotio esas atbo' commencement of aummert 1869. .SOUTo S1HA IHLANt)nu s.-A narrative in thle Irihbana Cournt'ir of' Ihlite int.. relnteo the sumsor inr il which th brig HSyre obtaniwd her olar'go o uf 01 th elat Isllotders, whoill she lanlded at lorutin tay in .hnaaury Ist; hnut in nllptoihbility thenoclptni wonll have anotbher vermon of the ailhir. T'ile 8stat1ement in made by lao cooc nlll Seowardt of te vessel ; lnd t llo alleged nay in which tll( cargo was col 'ecled ,nay be gh'aol tinioi the following ox Irnet, showing the Itroceediugi nti 1n oof the islanda :-" Wo then nailed to a0 island nicrd aloilicolo, whero wn put oil' hbent to trade with the nativae, who caiue swimming out to mect as, bringing plenty of coaniunts with thlmu tied upon sticks in the wantr. Soano of thtan crae an board the bhats, while othicis canlo in their einoes to sln the vessel, unlmbering twenty-one, many of thema bringing their luhoe and i,,ploments of vwar with thlem. They wiro relieved of' thso on deck, and token down to sen the mysteries of the old, wheon the vessel set ail, the canocs were cut nadrift, and we born away from the island. The wives of soni ome tlcse ncn owani offter the ship for mlor than three miles, crying loandly for the restoration of their husbands." Of the 110 thus got together, twenty-four are said to have died on the voyngo. A DIcAnD HoiuY 'oiliN IN TuiM TAarAt. About half-past 11 o'clock on Thursday morn iug, a young man nnmed Stephtn Andrews, a resident on the west batnk of the Tamar, was sailing a boat near tim Cataract mill, whon when a wom0 n auined Mrs. Jones called his attention to the bodty of it man in the water near the tRussian,' Wharf. On approaching, heo found the corpso was flonting face down. wards. Information was at once given to the police, and the body, which was very miach a ocomposed, wias convoyed to the ul'asmninnn Inn. An inquest was commenced yester day, beflro T. Mason, Eosq., Coroner, and after hearing the evidence of the young maii named Androws, the oqulgiry was adjourned till Mlouday, in order that a post inortemi examnination might be madea; certain circuin stances, including a cut across the forehead of the deceased, loading to a suspicion that there had been some foul play. The following is a description of the deconeased, who is ni. known to the police :-Apparently about fifty years of ago; 5 feet 8 inches in height; black hair ; dressed in black cloth shooting coat and vest (having difltrent kinds of bunt toes on), dark tweed trousers; a cotton dun gnroo shirt, color blue or purple, with narrow white longitudinal stripes; blucher boots, pegged, with iron tips, and have been half soled ; and white cotton socks. On the fore head is an incised wound, and there is also a wound on the breast. The left nrm was pp raised, in attitudo of defence. The clothes worn by deceased tire at the police station. Of tho many who saw tlhe body none idountiied it, and there is no report of any person missing. Ono of the cnoat pockets appears to have been torn away, and there is also a vest pocket missing. Watrrcso.-An advertisment will be found elsewhere in which Professor Needham offers to instruct persons in writing. We uonder stand that the firm to which this gentleman belongs hna been established in Melbourne nearly 17 year.., and that theo members of it have gained considerablo notoriety as instrue tors in this particular branch of education. nMIDLAND AonRCULTURAL AssoCIATION.- In the advertihemuent inserted in Tuesday's issue, the date of the next exhibition in con. nection with this Society was given as the 14th October : we have since been informed that Wednesday, 21st October. is the day upon which tho show will be held. WonxuNa MRN's CLUn.-A penny reading in aid of the land fund was given at the above institution on Tuesday evening last. There was n fair attendance, and interesting read ings, recitations, and songs were rendered by Mfoesrs. Holloway, Meers, Williams, Cox, Robins, Crossey, Shepherd, Daley, W. 3Brain, B. Brain, dec. WVEBLtYAN CaIIRBTIAN AsBOCATrtoN.-- On Thursday evening the Rev. S. Williams, President of thebo above Association, delivered a lecture to the members and friends on "Wesley and his Times." The rev. gentle man treated his subject in such a manner as to make it highly interesting, and lie was listened to with attention by a goodly number ot auditors. The chair was occupied by. Mr. A. H. Price.,.. QuOes's OnOrAN AsYanoxr.-The report for 1867 of the Principal, Dr. Covordale lios been submitted to Parliament. The admis sions numbered' 401 (greatly inder those of former times,)lthe apprenticeships 58, the dis: charges 47, and!the-dediths 2; and the daily average was 4581, at a cost per head- of £19 10s 10d upon the gross expenditure which was £8;962!14s 8d or of £16 17s 4d I upon the nett expenses of £7,736 7s 211. The staff could have undertaken the .control and' management of at least one hundredmore chil dren. There was a reduction of £2,693 10s 8d .upon the total cost of the establishment. Theo education of the children isunder the Irish National School system, and is wholly of a , udimentary-natuie, occupying on the boys' side four hoiorsaand a half, and on the girls' side two hours and a half (tho other two hours being devoted to needlework), four days in' the week-Wednesdays being devoted to religious instruction, and Saturdays to general clseaning of the buildings. The clnusies again, in both divisions, are divided into three sections,; and one of them kept out for work every third dny, 'alternately with the two in school atone time. The general work of the 'establishment is performed Iby the children: under : the direction and , im mediate supervision of an official. From the farm milk,:yegetables, firewood, and butter were supplied, to the establishment to the amount of £932 12e 4d; and milklwas nlso furnished for-the. Cascades Factory, General =]ospital, and Bricklields.Depit to the ex extent of .£172 sle 3d.. In con 'aloding his report, Dr. Goverdalo calls at tention to the saving of£4500 made during thebo three yeairs of his superintendonco, and re 'nmrks tlhat thoe elilenoy. of the institution has notb boon impalred .thcreby. Tho robnst pad cheerful oppmninco of the 6hildron, and blenliness of tlie oparteonts, he eays, will bear favorable comparison wvith any similar institution in 'thio southelorn homisphero; although be admits.that thi physiognomics of the loobildren haveo been pronounced more far bidding than those usuallyysoen in clhildren of the same ocliass in other parts of the. world, yet it isbhoped thiit some imay be found to do credit to the asyluim. SE]?uaroaos- :.WAiNTlD. - Amongat the humber of;persons married in Eoglani in 1867 22 per oent. of men, and 31 of.women could haotwrite. In Scotland Ithe nambre wero 11.per cent.of men and 22 per coant..of women. In Ireland themumbors woro 40 per cent,. of ,tho mor, and 62 per cent, of til;o Women. 'TillI LTATC AcCOIIENT.-Thil frilend of Dllr. *.. WV. Gloealw will he glad to len rI that chUt'lite, tlue moot favoral.i,'lf ally yet notieed, nok "dno, I...t night. Albout II o'loclc nit gleet iaiprovne?ent was evidenti, Mlr. (i]hulow recolnising ]Dr. Millor, anid alnswel ing eovlerl tqulations put tohhli by that gerntlimnl. l Vo are indebted to t i tinlhor if AIr. C(llado?t'l Itinnily for this pioning ill'ortlation, so Ihat it illay be relied upon. il.tnMitA'tnlN..--The total number of ilnnmi gralitt introduced into Tasmaniat under the botullty systeml dllring 181i7 was 38 tit Laun cestonI, nlll18 at I?ohobrt Town, eilng ani in crease of 3 over tile ari'ivatls in 1l8li,. Of tlhose 15 were tnnlcs, and 20 female alult? ; 7 niale and 5 female Jhildren. 14 iunnigrants wore firol England, 10 firinl Heotuinl, and 32 from Ireland. 12 of the ilt liesI weire t. tllr lahorers, and 20 of the feialen were general servants, Inost of thelm fromi I lretll. The available balance of the fundlt at the dilsposal of the Buoard of Intlniglttioi oitt 31st I)ec. Iast was .£15,175 13 ld. The total passa?ge muoney in 1807 was £792, £2l95 of which were received for deposits. in hit annual report the Inmmigration Agent states that the Board, lhaving considredithat the limitation of the privilego to introdco ilmmigrants tinder tbo bioutity systemn to the relatives of persons who had themonselves colie out uider the bounty'ier ilations tended to retard the intro. ductaion of tloso'whoso labor would lie most servicebloe 'to:the colony, revised the rules aid conditions under which tickets are issuiable ; and any person can, since I st Jan. last, procure a bounty ticket t"1nmtl payment of the sameO deposit at formerly, subject of cotrse to tile approval of the Board. V?lroRiAN ACCLIoMATIsATION SOCIIETY.-At the weekiy mccting of the council held on 8th inst., a letter was read from Mr. Firebrace, stating that her Majoity had ruenewed her present of rooks from Windsor for the colony; but that, as the royal keepers did not under atand how to rear theso birds, he had to take the responsibility of them from the nest. Sixty.live bilds had boon so received, and on trusted to Mr. Thatchtr, at Brightoe. Within two or threeo days they began to die, buttliirty had survived and were in good condition. These would be shipped by the Norfolk. A letter was read from Edward \Vilson, givilng a variety of partioulars.and staititic s to the sparrow, and cuolosing extracts from the Field and the Illark-lan, e .lpress, to show the value of theose birds, which have born nomoowhat del ided here. The lucts given tllowed that illn France and Hungary ex perience had shbown that the sparrow alone was capable of carrying on war successfully against theo legions of cock-chufabr and the other winged insects which infested tie low grounds. In Prussia, driven out by the eflorts to destroy thIcul made at tle instance of Frederick the Great, the cherr es-which they were supposed to have been I arcial to and other fruits, disappeared likelise till the sparrow was brought back. Amo.g these letters was one from James Barnes, liutoa, South Devon, who stated that the ap.rrow is most valuable in keeping down insoot plagues. Against the dtestruotive family of uphis he carries on war with the greatest do. termination. He clears the wheat crop of midge, and attacks tbo weevil in stored wheat with equal avidity, it he can find a broken window to give him admittance to the tarn. Mr. Barnes does not deny that Master Spar row will taste the now peas and the now corn; but holds these to be venial faults, wilich can be guarded againrt. Mr. Wtlson also enclosed an extract which bears valuable testimony to the activity of the rook in destroying grubs and wirewurms. Dr. Black referred to the groat loss sustained by the early death Mr. W;. RImsbottom, and a letter of condolence and sympathy was ordered to be sent to Mrs; tiamabottom. A letter from Mr. U. H. Lyon was read, stating that the trout ova continued to keep a most healthy appearance, and were apparently progressing in a most luvourable manner.. .: , . BnVorasLN e SoorETY '-'HonATir': T'ow?N. Judging from the annnal report of the cornm" nittee, this Society seems, to. hlive laiirdi during 1867 under similar distressingciiousmi stances to lhelaunieston Sooiety,there being increaseddomanda for. relieflwith diminished rbsboirces. Thii total. iceipts' wore . £1361 17s 3d , and the expendituIre, £1030 l 2d, leaving the account at the bank overdrawn some £274, the directors holding as seeority government debentures to the value of £500, which sum comprises legacies to the Society and other special moioeys. The .committee appear to have bion in continual dread that the bank would 'atop'brodit, and*all,operations cease. At thie close of the' year there 'were on the'booke'570 individuals, viz.;' 53 male and 140 female adults; and 175. male and 206 female children. , 200 applications for aid were made during theo year, but only,155 'wid coin'ilie?i with.'. Regret eis exprtssed that uid'pdblio 'ineasrei have beentadoptod to resoue from criminal "courses numerous children thatareo daily to !abe found in. our streets, ' neglected by tLieir,parents and guiardianii anid the comniitted complain of the negleot of so 'many p?ersonis in 'tb' commu nity, add more especially' residdnuta' in tihe country (froi'inhendoenumeroiacases bfdistress are received) to contribute 6 the fanid of the Sooiety. Thbihsdii'l 'appehal 'to the' various plaeos of worship was made, but "only in 0 instances were responses made. In one in stanoe was.a concert given by iMr. Wallace (the blind preacher) and his friends, the not pibceods 712si; being heaided to the Soaciety. A'"goetleman 'in',the` city' having 'offered to contribute 50 ions of 'wood provided a like qouantit' wavi :'ooitribl?tod' by' thers, :efforts wdro made andeother :frieuids' responded nto the call,'sotliiiltogethter 157i tons of wood and coal were - generously given: to the Society.. M?Ols OasNis ItAuLWAi.-Mr Foll's sUminit-, railway over eont Cenis libus curaini?-' not hitherto fulfillod the expectations .of its lpromotors. In May last thie 'Duke of Suttbher lanl went over the litto between St. Michel and;sii sa, a distance of 48 miles, in four li?iours six minutos,:after deducting, tioe tintoe in' stop pages for inslpeetion. Thie line was opened to the puhlic on l15th Juoo.-Journal of S~cidnce forJ'ily. .r,, . .,.. . : Tar OmaattzoN Ore yson 1800,-On Tues day ht 'rioon; gentlemen' intoroestod in "'the Champion Cup and Annual laco Meeting for 1860 will meet at the Bribaneo. Hotel to dis cuss tho.matter. " - " - , -. s'MlAoa'LEIshAToOns.- ThO Wellinogon cor respondent of thie outhlern lQ.os, speakcing of thie rParliamenritary displays by laori monm bore, says':-" Thte ,gueraol opinion of tihe puitbi hero i?s that the speecthes of Tuesday ,venhig afforded tadditional Aind conclusivo irooftofthe absurdity of' admitting-mon to seats in theo,Legislattro who ard ignorantr'of oui language; and intr at best iptelligent, but tuneducated and sonmi.civilisedi savage's." 'T1'JOUT OVA oI'O NI? ZRAL.AND.-Tho consignml nt of trout ova recently despatchedt from this colony to Tnvrcrargill h1s boon deposited in the brIeeding.polnds contruoted ion the Alalkarow River, near Vllhacotown. On T'hrsdny last the voesols in port, and many of lhehousoe in town, were gaily deckpd with houting in honor of the marriage of John Crookln, Es q, to Miss Qulik, daughter of the IRv. VW. A. Quick, of lHorton College, Rose. turing the day a public luncheoon was spread at the stores of Alesre. Croolkes and Hudson, St. JTohn-atre?t, and champagnoe, spirits, &o;, were drunk with hearty wishes for the hnppi. nosa of the nowlyVmarricd couple. Cor.oNIA, U ovt:anxos. --llitherto colonial (iovernori have beeo prohibited fi'om quitting the eoloniea which they govern without obettining leave from her tMajesty, under the Iroyal sign 1mn11 l and signet, or through one of her Manjesty's principal secretaries of state. A despatch h1as been received which alters this regulation, an1 although the climate of the Australian colonies, generally, does not require tlhat a Governor should absent Ilm self front his government for so long a period a- becomea occasionally necessary in the tropical pocssessions of the Crown, yet having regard to tlhi relations existing between thloe colonies, and the length of time required for communications with England, her 1oajesty luts now granted permission to Governors to abseaont themselves from their Governments, without. obtaining express leave, for periods not exceeding one month at any one time, nor exceeding, in the aggregate, one month for every year's service in the colony, arrange ments being of course made that thile public service shall tullfer no injury during tlheir absence, and half salary being paid as usual to the oflicer admipistering the Governor, in case the absence of the Governor shall exceed fourteen days. Tue TnAsEDY IN Tu KEiNNRDY Des. Tniar-A correspondent of the ]risbane Courier writes:--" I ltely gave you some intelligonco of the untimely and melancholy fate of A r. Gibbio ard his overseer, Mr. Bell, and I have now to follow with another cruel and heartrending tale of bloodshed. Yester day, in visiting a sheep station six miles from home, there met my eye n sight most dreadful to behold. A slhepherd, with his head cut open, pierced through with spears, and covered wilh blood and yet not dead ; another boy, of shout twelve, with a dreadful gash behind thile ear, his arm nearly out off, and n spear through his thigh. Poor boy, he could scarcely speak, and a few hours put an end to his sufferings. The former, Lewie, was a nativo Lifu, and the lanter of Sandwich. It appears that they were having their dinner, when suddenly tie but wae surrounded by wild blacks; they made no resistance, and the ruthless savages sem to have taken pleasure in torturing them. Poor Lawio, after groat suffering, died next died." KILLED IN TIIS STRERTB AND ON TIIR RAILWAvs.-NOt fewer than 164 persons were killed in the streets of London in 1867, while in 1866 thirty.ono passengers were killed on railways, and of this numhber sixtden lost .their lives through their own misnonduct. Taking the seven years, 1860 to 1856, the numberof passengers was 1,480,000,000 ; the number killed was 297, of whom 128 died of their own misconduct or want of caution. This one passenger only in 0,000,000 was killed. from causes- beyond his own control, while in a city of 3,000,000 one hundred ain'd sixty-four wore killed in twelve monthe.':Thei railways are far safer for passengers than tlh' streets of London. TASMAnrIAN WoilE MANonnAcIroYn Coot. PANT (Lt?tnman). --Som months ago (says the illercnry) tile members of the indsterial com. milteo appointed at the public meoting of citizens told about twelv, months .back, resolved upon taking steps for the establteihodnt of a woollen manufactory in Hobart Town, and appointed seven of their bodya provisional directory. Mr. Olitfleld was appointed secretary, and instructed torwrite to- England-to procure uall-information as to machinery and.other plant. A reply was roceived&tlioh; t four mlonths since; -but .was con aldered hardly explicit enough ;. the.Aireclore pgani wrote home asking for the most particular jletails, and it is expected thati these will be re calved by the next European mail. Meanwhile ttte,qomnpany bas been duly registered uhdep;the' Joint Stock Company's Act, as the ' Tasmanlan Woollen Manuhactory Coiipniy (Li[?hlted)," and a,cortlficate of such regisii--yis in the pesseusiopvOef thlU?Seireary. ' The venture will be advertised early in -the ensuing, week, and:i the :share list opeed,toth:publicl. We are. informed that theL propoead capltal is £10,000 in .10,000 shares of £1 escii. 'The terms'of payment will be 2s 6.1 per ea'ir'oin litmlent, and calls of 6s per?bharo'dub'i sequently; no call to be made at aloess ,interval thanthree mootbs It is proposed that on ,6000 bhiari be!ing -allotied, ap:publi meeting of share hold?ih ah'all' be clled, by whom the directors of tt?:dcnipn?ny'?sill he 'elected, and steps taken for ýho.fmmediate establishment of a mill. CnrINese PREDICTIoN.-A- writer in a Mel. ottrne paper says :--From China there come as turinosanticipaoionot atidel wave, connected, not wivth'kn:earthqinak, but with thle ellpseo. A frieid:of mine writes under date, IOth 'July : ".WVeiire. haviog the finest weather and most steady SAV.mmoooo I haveoever soen since I came to`Cbloa., VWe have not so much as heard of a typlioon as yet anywhere in the China eaes a 'ery inuseal thing tobe' able'to'buayin July. Everyone Isantalnpatinga wonderfnl meteorologltal :hange on or about the 18th Aaunist, .when the total eclipse of the sun , will take place. The Chinese here are in a dreadflt funk and predict than an, immense wave will ro)l over, [tong, Kong island, utierly' extre?lnsting everyone on it. I Mnoean whlen the ttmna aporoachea to taket lodgings eitrb the signal nman at Victoria -Peak (altitude, }826 feet); if' a fellow hbisn't a -chance ofW escape lp thore, it won't,he much use ,,trying. anyahere bloe." 'WVoharai'i'ydt Iearil of the accomplish. hient of the Chinese predlctlon; . !EAST NonPorL RainwLar.-The works of his lilne have been suep'nded this week, pending fhe-difficutylty with tlo;Great 'Esalortlj ,In con nection with yqse line, it seems desirable to: note ilithe principle adopted hy tis leaislature of "'ast manina with referene'lt tlte railway commnleois. tiof now bheig'estivhlished in talt colony. When his tRoyaal ighness lo Duke P'of :Edinb)urgh recenly visited 'T'amania tie turned thie first sod of the Launcepton and :I)eloraine Railway, in rest poet to whldhi the l''nsmanlau+ Government has grantled a panu of £300,000, secured bye special rate upon tile distriectprmposed tolbe necommo idaled.. In other words, the Launceston and lDelornilo Railway. will makeb as luhiprofltl;oas it cso, and toe deflucit on the Interest account will be 'snad good bilO'bf a local tax.' Unleess such prln ciple as this isapidled 1 smsall'loenisome lines in lEnglond, the work of British railway establish. roetmay-be:cotlildered ns prdcically t ao enid. Tih Eset Norfolk Rallwsy Company obtained its Act is 1804* the first sod was turned by- Lady S9dfield in Ots 6hi'r' 18105; and. hdre, in Jane, 1808, with parliamentary powers which must be aplrJsnching theelir epiralioni the company)find isaelt withaout n sigta mile ,of line in operation. If tile i'asminonst.principle had been adopted, and th'icobutly of Norfolkor the' Exchequer Loan ,Commlssioners had granted a toIn upoa the eagu?ty of:s iptoilt distrct',rate, thbe line might long elsic have been complotgqd--Iorfolk News, .J ne Oth, GoVunNow BLr.AIKALt AT ;Ti'Yawol?.-TIhe foilowing incident in Ithe visit to pln wlsi by the navy GOuvrnor of Queenalarn is related in a loal *onarel- -Thl gUorali lioprulity ilaplnyed, try oOlonel Ilkull dotilng Ill stay lil IpswiRcl, 'us well hs li ntffahle klud demeanor, htavo gained Ill univerpnl esteem,. Little inldentoi like hle followinig will not tend to diminish his populadtly. At tbout tile hour of his arrival in Ipswilh tile wife of a pour mlln tnraI-tmed WYilaurn, who resales iI Nllcholuas-treol, plresentced her Ilud with a sou The circumnstance racelhed the knowlodue of hlis i,]cellcnoy, whoaent for Wilson nlll presented him with i siovereign for thei little straoger. Nilson, of course, went many delighted, and do. o'ares t,' he will have the little one ohrlateued " Samuel Wensley 1llackall." ItP'DVIOVnMIlNT IN KurnrOrtNna LASPes. Kielonero o1il illVirlee cotl into very generil con. nltmpelon it was ovident Ibat the great drawback to its use-tlhe breakago of the chimneys woull cnuse ? folrts to he lrmairde with a view to remedy ii. We\ have before notiled nn inven-. tihn by iI Victorian tradesman whilch dlspenses with chlminiey8 altogelher, and now we observe that i similar cnotrivance has been annotuneed in Sydney ,hclh if eucceesful will oipersede the eesenrt sy bl of laminp. The S L. Lferrldeays: Mfeasre. Sltanord nd Co., of George-street, have oll view a newly invented ikoroeiuno lamp, which promises to su persed nil others, and bty a simple piece nt mechanlisml the use of chimniieys is entirely dispensed with. 1he oil reservoir is enclosed in a . metalltc ease hnvtiia perforations at the tbae through which air is admitted and driveu by a fan upwardls to the iburner, where its escap?e pterlLurrn the purposer of a chimney. The current ol cold air constanlly passing the oil reservoir render explosion ualmost iltpoueible, It it said that the Dyott IimI) emilt no oflbnulve uaiitiI, caut be carried atout in thie open air wilih out any dancer of being extinguished, antd gives dobulue rhe light of ir cthimney lamp, with a smaller contr mp ti of oif l. WuInTmnarT.-A very important problem in naturanl listory hlis eei satisilucoriily set at reest. During tile poet }ear, Dr. A. Giolther has been engaged in the distinctllons butveen tire different species of Cluoea, and tie result of his investigations has Ieen published in tim seventh volnme of the "'Catalogue pf ,aiBes"h a In the Blitlih Moseum. Dr. GUnther finds that In every detail of structure the herring and Ithe son edlled whitebait correspond; they have tho same number of vertebhm, the same number of scales along tile lateral line, the same arrangement of teeth oni the vomer, and thle asme position of the fins and number of the fln rays. Conjoined charnaters which are found in no other fiah. Dr Gtinthor writes .--"As regards the ' whitebait,' this is a purely nominal species introduced into acience tlryYarrell and.Natenctenoes, in deference to the opinion of fishermen and gourmands, All the examples of whitebait I have examined are, ydung herringse." Tie positive determination of the identity of tie whlitebait and of the herring throws light upon many of the singularitiee of tile smaller fish. 