SELECT POETRY. MARRIED FOR MONEY. 'J'wras nil over between us, you thought, when v*p parted, Jt was gojd-bye to me and to troublo or A sigh and a toar, a poor boy broken-hearted i Mattered not, for what feelings had you then to spare fv : wore shattered, For you knew all tho time that you meant we should parti Did you think with fair words I should erer feel flattered, From lips feigning truth with such falsenos# at heart P , Ah, lovely and lost ono, I lurk jn the gloam And^tbink of ono midsummer twilight lost year, Itut ono little year past when wo two were roaming With hand lockod in hand by tbo still solemn more. Have you, lore, forgotten that night and those pledges, Hair whispered, half sobbed, ncath that calm summer sky ? Wlille still in my oar faintly shiver the AiidlSill tho low plash of tho water sounds nigiL Ther tell me you're happy j and yet, on re. 'ileetion, 1 find they talk more of your wealth than of you j Aud if you hare momenta of thought or de* jection, It may bo thoso momenta aro known but to few. you're a boudoir in buhl, and an Erard 'a queue,' lore; You breakfast olT Sevres of tho real * bleu du Roi' ; While what could I giro you, whose heart was so true, lore, Save that poor posy ring with its Tcuscz a Now, blame not your husband, 'nor think you're used badly, For 'twas simply a matter, of money and trafaj You named him your 'figure,' ho paid it most gladly, Rut your heart waa no part of tho bargain he madr. He wanted a wife who could well bead bis table, ' - Who would humour his whims and obey hisbchestfl,' Ouo lorely . and clevor, one willing and able— To proro his good taste and talk to. his guests. Thtre are times when 'midst riches and splen dour you languish When to still your poor conioience you 'fruitlessly try While tears are fast falling in bitterest anguish, You confess there is something that monoy can't buy. Yes, lore, there aro metn'ries that will not be buried, There's a ghost of tlio dead past that will uotbeluid) And while iu; tho maelstrom of pleasure you're hurriid, Do too never meet the sad eyes of the ►hide? 