?BACK BLOCK SQUATTAGES. [From the Pcutoral TiiM3.\ jxnoseoi our readers i wno nave paia any atten tion: to this subject must have a tolerably clear notion of the troubles that beset the settleis on t ha. back nlains of Kiverina. It will be readily understood why. tins class of settlers ore. at such a disadvantage when compared with the squatters whose rum have pood water frontages— the latter being enabled to fence in their country, divide and subdivide it, until the run itself iscomprisedof so many paddocks, varying from 5,000 to 10,000 acres or more. This i3 a great privilege indeed. First of all it doei. away witti the expense of shepherd ing, which is now felt to be be a veiy wasteful way of sheep-farming. . There are some advantages, we ailinic, to bs guined in shepherding sheep, the Bheepaie tamer .when shepherded; they are more domesticated, aud the shepherd can drive his nock of tat sheep to. market .with almost as much ease as tie con drive them to their fold nightly. But these au vantages ate greatly outweighed by .those to be gained by paddocking the sheep; the latter ! throw a belter and heavier fleece; thy eat up all the grass and do not tread it down, and so partially render, it unlit for use, 03 do the} sheep driveu in flocks o| 2,000. or 3,0. 0; they do as they like-eat, drink., and sleep .when, they like; they are, in fact, more in a state of nature, and do just as nature dictates to them, consequently they are healthier m every, sense of the word. And then comes the difference in expense of paddocking sheep and shep herding them, which, in itself, will outweigh all other considerations. , The Australian wooL-crosrer, let it be borne in mind,, has to compete in the Knglish market with all the other wool-growers in the world,. . With .France and, Germauy. where they have some of the finest sheep- pasture-, and whae for ages they have beau; improving their breeds of shsep, until they have, the best samples iu then-oral. Ofdiiwry, well-read meu know these things as well as we do. . Sonie of -the Uerumn sheep-breeders take as much. . pains . with their sheep as the Arabs do with their horses. In tier many fcheep-breetliuKihas become a science, so that . it is dinicult to discover ill-bred siieep in that country. The Germans go upon the. prin ciple that it costs less to keep a well-bred sheep than it does to keep one .of coarse mould, and as a well-bred sheep. throws better, wool they gain in wool and carcass. Many of the petty princes, before Bismarck committed havoc among them, devoted their I-e3t energies to breeding sheep, and the highest ' Vous' in that country did not think it beneath them to sheep-farm and thereby earn an honest penny. And so in this latter respect we in Australia are following the example of the Yons of Germany— we have scattered ? over the broad domain of the. salt-bush - country sons of the English gentry— men ed.ua ted at Oxford, Cam bridge, or .Eton, who do not find their classical knowledge .any disqualification, provided they can keep their position in the physical world, and do a. fair. amount of work of a light character; 'application' bcinp, in the bush of Australia, the best feature in the character of the young pastoral colonist., If he has industry, health, sobriety, and ordinary intelligence^ he will fight his way; and if he has. a small amount pi capital only, and uses it well,, the avocation of a. back; block man hath attractions ami gains for such as these. If he bos not these requirements, better that he never ven tured into the Australian, bush, - It is not the place for him— here he will go to the wail, for the.race is not here at all times to the swift, nor in every case the battle to the. strong; yet hi no part oj the British .Empire ibat we know of (and.w-j have seen much of it) are intemperauce, idleness, or either of these vices, so sure to bring down a man, until he ceases to .merit even our contempt, as in the Australian bush. Too many instances now pass our memory of young gentlemen who have fallen from their true position here until they have become the lowest of the low— have. ultimately so levelled themselveB as to find life an intolerable burden to them, and then they inded it by their own hands. , ? ? . , Now. let us return to the many disadvantages which the back block man labours under, as com pared with Eome of those who compete with him m the wool-markets of England. They run about one sheep to four acres, or 25,003 sheep to every 160,000 acres. The Germany we include North and South Germany, hare all kinds of climate for sheep-farming pu- pose.s. They can grow heavy, coaise ifiicces iu the uoitli, or very fine fleeces in the south-their. shepherds are skilled men, and ^rock atone quarter tha wages of the Australian shepherd. ? The German wool-growers are-greatly in. advance of us in breeding, and they are not one sixteenth (he distance that we are from London — the creat. wool market of the world. Now these are heavy o ids against the Australian wool-irsssz, in the, far. interior, where he has't^dpuy ilaper ton,i or more, for theicarr^uKo'o? his wool to *1ftfi!f2t^'»!Ji'vTSr^uuJii!'Buni Der. ton for return scores, iaou sometimes ue cannoc gee tne carriage (which .must be- paid i for in cash) even at this price. This often thro.vs him over a season.-his wool, is on . his. .hands for six on seven months, during which time he is at heavy expenses: if he has overdrawn at the : bank: orat his agent* he has heavy interest to pay; in fact, like Sbiphua, he has rolled the stone uphill to the very summit and he now finds it rolling down again— down, down it goes to the bottom; and.iu some cases the. back block man is crushed by the weight of his troubles. The mortgagee takes .-possession, and the unfor tunate settler disappears from the scene like one of Professor Pepper s ghosts on the theatrical stage. We here see what has brought him to the ground ; and we have, on a large scale, an example in the company known as the 'Australian Pastoral Investment CoM' at. Fort Bourke. If they could have had time they might have recovered their losses from drought and from being unable to send their, wool in good time 1,000 or 1.600 miles, to the ..seaport of Melbourne. Money lenders are inexorable, and debentures must be paid, so the great and small squatter share alike— the company with its 200. ll-0 sheep, or the back block man with his 10,000 or 15,000 sheep. Until the Australian wool-grower can reduce his expenses to a minimum, ; ad have peace in his calling— until the Legislature ceases to harrass him with fooluh and needless .new laws— each worse than its predecessor- his. avocation must necessarily be one of great toil. The bock block men took up their country generally under a four teen years' lease, which the Government of the day, when the lease ceases, may renew. The I .and Act gives, him certain quasi privileges, which are no privilege* when looked into. If he wants to divide his country into paddocks, bo that no slice? need travel two miles daily to water (sheep ought not to be Compelled to travel more than this dis tance), he must have water in each paddock, which can only be secured at great cost; in addition to this, in older to secure to himself the benefits of his mode waterhole for the sheep, he may buy a certain quantity nf theland around it at 20i. per acre, perhaps double its real value; to that the back block man is overweighted in the race, and unless relief be given to him, by empowering him to de mand a renewal ofhis lease at the end of tne 14 years, and in other ways, the inducement to invest in reclaiming the back country is not founded on safe premises. If he hail the right of renewal granted him he might tail ou and eventually surmount his difficulties; but uncertainty hangs over his lieul in this respect as indeed it docs over the head of the rivet-frontage siiuutter. The first 11 years are nearly expired, the back block men are still iu. difficulties, and the chief of these dillicultied we have pour trayed. If be coubl get cheap and regular car riage for his wool to the poit of shipment his chief burden would be removed, and nothing but cheaply worked railways can do th's. There is arid territory unwatered n -w in Riverina, equal to beeping 30 millions of sheep, that must remain useless until the back block squatter supplies by artificial means the defects of nature in regard to water supply. It is extent of country that backs up the Australian squatter a?aiust his European competitors in the wool-market. In additi n to this, in order to keep pice with the times, the Government of New South Wales will have to do something more for him than extract from him rent aud assessment, giving him nothing iu return for it but permission to reclaim the country at his cost until it become* attractive enough for the cupidity of men who regatd the squatters' rent* d country as fair grune, to be ''juraDed' as uncere moniously as though he were an intruder on the' soil, and nns whom he ouv'ht to get rid of at any cost even at the cost of national honour and good faith. ' ' ' Shootixg in California. — Shooting isn't 03 popular iu Nevada as it once was. A few years since, they used to' have a dead man for breakfast every morning. . A reformed desperado told me that he supposed he hail killed men enough to stock a graveyard. ' A feeling of remorse,' he said. .'sometimes comes over me! But Pm au altered man now. - 1 hain't killed a man for over two weeks? What'U yer poisoa yourself with?' he added, dtaling a resonant blow on the bar. There used to live in Carson City a notorious des perado, who never vL- ited town without killing somebody. He would call for liquor at some drioking- house, and if anybody declined joining him he would at once commence shooting. But nne day he stmt a man too many. Going into St Nicholas drinking-house, he asked the company present to join him in a North American drink. One individual was rash enough to refuse. W ith a look of sorrow rather than of anger, the despe rado revealed his revolver, and said, 'Good God! Must I kill a man every time I come to Carson?'' and so saving he fired and killed the individual on the spot ; But this was the last murder the blood clSizenspureuedhrm wltrT'riflesf arid''shot him down in his own door-yard.— Artemus Ward among the Mormons, 