LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF ST. MABY'8 ROMAN CATHOLIC CATHEDRAL. Yesterday, at noon, tho benediction and tho caromony of hying tho foundation stone of St. Mary's Cathedral, according to tho Bomen Pontifical servico, took placo in tho presence of a largo multitude of persons of all ranks, and of different creeds. The weather was delightful. Tho day solectod waa the Festival of the Immaculate Coneoption of her in whoso baner tho Cathedral is to bo named. It is not muoh moro than throe years since a conflagration destroyed tho old Cathedral, which had for years been the pride of tho Roman Catholics of this colony. Tho calamity was so unexpected and disheartening to our fellow-citizons of tho Roman Catkolio Church-and so universally regretted by tho colonisfs generally-that perseus of nearly every religious persuasion united in practical sympathy towards re- building on the ruins of the former Cathedral an edifico of superior grandeur and strength. At that timo there wee a spirit of charity and roligious tolerance evoked which, unhappily, bas been rudely shaken by recent ovents. It was, thoreforo, with mingled feelings of pride and gratification on tho part of Roman Catholios, that when the foundation stone was to bo laid they saw peoplo of nearly every denomination in attendance to witness tho coremony. At an early hour tho bolls of St. Banediot's wore ringing joyfully, and by 10 o'clock tho prinoipal streets of tho oity wero alive with citizens and visitors from tho caunlry, inoluding not only Catholios, but many of other creeds in holiday attire. By Roman Catholics the event will bo looked upon ai perhaps tho most auspicious that has occurred ia tho history ef their Church in this colony, tho more especially aa tho local head of their denomination, who was so inti- mately linked with all the pleasing associations of thc old Cathedral, has been ppired by Divine Wisdom to lay and bless thc foundation stone of tho now one. His Grace tho Venerable Archbishop Polding, accompanied by the Roman Catholiis Bishops of Mait- land, Bathurst, Goulburn, and Enos; tho Roman Catholic elegy of tho archdiocese, and by a largo numbor of olergy from tho interior, nisomblod in the pre-Cathodr,il shortly after 10 o'clock, where thoy vest- d the Archbishop and Bishops in copo mitre. &c.; The Archbishop o irried his pa=taral staff. Tho pro- cession was formed in the pro-Oithedrnl, and moved shurtly before ll o'clock towards tho site of the now building, headed by the cro3s-beurer and acolytes, who wi ro followed by a nurabor of sanctuary boys. Then carno tho clergy and deans, tho bishops vested in cope, mit e, &3, and bis Grace the Archbishop vested over his rochet with nniice, alb, girdle, stole, copo, plain mitre, and carrying his pastoral staff or crozier. The Archbishop was immediately preceded by tho archiepiscopal cross-bearer, with acolytes Thny eatored tho grounds by tho gato facing St. Mary's Road, and proceoded direct to tho platform, which had bees specially orooted for tho accommoda- tion of these who wore to tako part in tho ceromony. At this moment the sight was grand. Among tho spectators wero to bc noiicsd hundreds of our moro prominent citizens, huudreds of gaily dressed ladies, and a dense mass of our Catholic! fellow-colonists. Amongst those present wo noticed Mr. W. A. Dun- can, Mr J Mullens (Labour Bazaar), Mr. W. B Dalley, Mr. Ju tic Fancott, M St Jost, Spanish Con- sul, in uniform : J. Ourtia, his Worship tho Mayor, Aldermen Caraher, Merriman, Hurley, Chapman Steel, Hordern. Murphy, llutlo', in official coslumo; Mr, Blanchard. Captain Pur oil, Mr. Cropper, J.P. ; Mr. Covony, J. Moore, AJ, Sentis, French Consul ; E. Bonnott, barrister; Montagu Scott, artist, who was taking a sketch of the scene; J. Hourigan, J. Donovan, Mr. Plunkett, M.L.O.; T. A. Murray, President of Legislative Council; J. Hurloy, M.L.X. ; Dr. Forrest, Rector of St. John's College, and students On tho platform were about sixty Roman Catholic clergymen, besidoä the bishops previously named, and a few Sisters of Charity. The ceremony commenced shortly aftor ll o'cloek Th'i Archbishop, having laid asido his crozier and mitro, began tho prayers, and invoked a blessing on tho ealt and water to bo used on tho occasion. After the, usual prayers had been said, the Archbishop put the salt into tho wator. in the form of a cross, and said when so doing, " Let there bo made a mingling of salt and waler equally. In tho nanto of tho Father, and of tho Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." This being done, his Grace then said the following prover:-"God, tho Author of unconquered strength, ah ! King of insuporab e majesty, ever gloriously triumphing, Who dost cru>h the power o£ all adverso domination, .ind subdue tho cruelty of tho roaring enemy, Who dost mightily vanguish hottilo wickedness, Thee, O Lord, tromblitig and suppliantiy, we beieech and ask that Thou mayest vouchsafo to l'tokupon this creature of salt and wator, benignly to shine upon it, and to san tify it with tho dew of Thy goo'ness: that wherever it shall ba sprinkled, by tho invocation of Thy holy name, all the molestation of the uncle m spirit may bo removed, and tho torror of the venomous serpent may be driron far away, and thó preeeuteof the Holy Spirit may vouchsafo every- where to bo present to us, beseeching Thy mer y. Through our Lord JCSUB Christ Thy Son, who liveth and rcigneth with Thee, in the unity of thc same Holy Spirit, God, world without end. Amen," Then bis Grace put on his mitre, and tho cathedral ohoir, i aesis'ed by the choirs from other churches, ohanted tho antiphon- " Signum- salutia pone, Domino Jesu Christo, in loco iato, et non permitías introiro angelum percutientem ¡" and the 83rd Psalm in Latin. Tho antiphon end psalm being ended, his Grace, standing towards the place to bo sprinkled by him, his mitre being laid aside, offered another prayer beseech- ing tho Almighty to visit this place through tho in- terceding merits of Blessed Mary ever Virgin, and of all Saints, with tbs sereno watohfslne'S of Hin good ness, and purify it, by tho infueion of His Graco from all pollution, and keop it purified ; and as He fulfilled tho dovotion of His wrll-belovod D.wid, in the work of his ron Solomon, so in this work vouchsafe to perfect their desires ; and may oil spiritual wicked- nesses bo driven' away from hence Through our Lord Jesus Christ, Thy Sun.wbo livoth and rtignelh with Theo, in tho unity of the Holy Spirit, God, world without end. ?' Amen, ? . Tho Aiicjini-nop having ascondod tho platform ard biinp surrounded by tho Suffragan Bishops, tho clergy, and laity, the Hov, Padró Bar¿anti preaohed a .most eloquent sermon, appropriate to the occasion. Aftor tho sermon Messrs. W, Covony and Js nos Mullens approached the Archbishop, and; on behalf of the laity, presented his Grace with agoldon trowel. The. Archbishop, followed by tho Suffragans and clergy, then walked in procession round the foundations of tho future Cathedral, the choir ohanting tho usual antiphon - ¡and psalm - and sprinkled with tho water he had blessed first the piase where tho cross was placed near tho chiof stone, and then tho foundations. This having boen done, bis Gr o came! to tho foundation stone, which ho blissed, and again sprinkled, 'prayers being also olfeied. Then taking tho .golden trowel biri-Grace marked tho stone in each part with : tho sign of the cross, saying-In tho name of tho Father, and of the Son, anti of (ho Holy Ghost. Arnon. Afterwards, some earpet was plac«'d upon the ground, and on ita fal'd-stool, on which tho BUhop. having pu ti on his mitre; knelt down. Then wero said tho "Litanies of tho Saints," which being or.ded. the Bishop, having laid ntirlo his mitre, rose, and standing towards tho foundation stono, offered nnothcr prayer Mbr ar . having been provided, and tho moeou being at hand, his Grilco; with hiB mitre on began (tho choir following hit») tho antiphon "Mane Surgonea Jacob Erbybnt, ¡kc," and'psalm OXXVI. His, Grace otiiuding"with his mitre, then ouclud and properly a tijusted tho first stono in tho foundat'en Miying this piry-r "In tho faith of Josue. Christ, wo set tbiB llr.-t sumo in this foundation : iu tho'rmmo ol' thf Father,, a-d of the Sou, and of the Holy Ghost, that true faith m y flourit-h hero and tho fear ot' God, and brotherly love, and that this placo may ba devoted to prayer, and to. tho iuvocatiou und praiso of tho nanto of tho p.amo Jesus Ohritt our Lord, who, with the Fnther nii t thc Holy Ghost, liveth and roigneth, God, woild without end. Amen." In a cavity underneath tho foundation stone ' «ero dope» led copies of thc Herald, Empire, Freeman's Journal, and Evening Nows. The inscription on tbs stono is as follows: t In nomino Jesu Christi rrlmotlum huns lipldem I Ictlesla Oauiedrtlla Sc. Hart» I prono »Itura priori* tcJliicli ConOogratlono dis XXIX. .luutl A u. MDCCCLXV. petillao dlruii. Ampllúcandro taman ot sump'-uostin Inftt&ur;&ndio;, Solcmnl rim beaedixttst poiu'.t. Illustrissliaus ot KevcrcndUsimua, Joannes BoJo Poldlnr O.S.B , , ??' Archiepiscopal Sirfnelenil* necnon motrop. Australia), Mel. bournensam, BrUbatieusetu, Uathuraten%em, MaAUandensem, et Qoulburneuoera, quibus, nstabat, Itmus ot Ulmus, Rp. .Cnonslo S.ÏT. lmtisslmo Iinmtto. Concep. K.V M. (oslo, AnnoSalulU M DOOCLXVIir. nssistemo maxima, aoroaa preabytoreroai Ingeuilqao ialoorain coinltanto, frerpnmiiA ndollum preces, dona, grniiurum, actioned Doo, uno ot trino o.tinittm boiionmi MrgUorl GrMlssimo cordia etl'jctu etiuudentlum Flo Nono, Suintiio Poniltlui, féliciter regnmnta ' Victoria I)rl!a:.ularum Ileana Etusdemrjue viols ia Loo colonia, protecta gerenta lloiionümo ¿omite da Kalmare. Hör. Adm. S..1. A.Klieohy.O.S.B., Vio. a*nll, Revdls Doraula, M. J. Dwyer, P. P. O'Furrell, M. P. t'ltzpatrUk, T.J. Gunoy, P. Healy, Presbyterls inisslonitrila üi»ili«drali, ministerio addlctis. Gul. W. Wardell, Arcliitcoto: Joaano Younir, Oparina. Kodeuiptotl. Soil Deo O loria. When tho foundation-stone had been laid, and the oeromony of sprinkling \yith holy water concluded, The Hon J. PLUNKETT then read und presented an address, appropriate to the occasion, and His GnACE said, if anything could add to his pleasure in receiving that address it was the fact of its luveentntien by a gentleman who, noxt to himself, had done maro 'or Catholicism in this country than anyono elBß. They all know tho Bhare Mr. Plunkott had in obtaining for members of their faith what might bo termed thu Magna Charta of their religious liberties The object in whioh they had be n that day onga;cd was not for themselves, but for the Almighty Go'd. The Ancumsnop thon read his written reply. Au adjournment was then made by the principal porsons present to a luncheon, to which upwards of a hundred had been invited hy his Gra^o. Tho health of her Majesty thoQuoenwaa p'oposed by the Arch« bishop, who in tho coureo of his romarks alluded to tho feelings of loyalty and respect which he enter- tained to her Majesty, in common with all who ac- knowledged themselves British subjects. Somothing bad been said in Englund about her Majesty's living in retirement einco tho death of tho lamented Prince Consort; but when they considorid that tho Queon had devotod thoso yeats of seclusion to training her childron worthily to fill thoso exalted spheres in lifo for which they were destined, such an exaraplo was not only a model for nil moihera to follow, but would bo produc- tive of far ruoro beuoiicial results than if her Majesty bad interfered as actively in politics as some parties in England considered she ought to have done. Hu bad sincere gratification in propo.'iug tho health of ?' Uer Majesty tho Queon." Tho toast, aa nbc-that of his Holinos3tho Pope, was received enthusiastically. Tho usual tojsts wore then givon and responod to, and tho party broke up. Crowds of people lingered on tho fpot until some time aftor the conclusion of the curoinouy. Nearly £¡¡000 tvas contributed in aid of tho building fund, eomo largo donations being mode. 