SHAKSPEARE IN PARIS.-Hamlet set to musilc What a lovely notion! Itnlsique par Ambroiso Thomas; paroles par William Shakspeare! Hamlet sweetly warbling "to be or not to be," to the beat of a conductor, and accompanied by fiddles! Hamlet with a ballet introduced in the mad scene: dancers draped transparently, all capering and frisking, while Ophelia sings a waltz, and then very picturesquely drowns herself by lime-light The Ghost stalking on the stage to the sound of a dead march, and then singing a long solo, descriptive of his sufferings ! Alas, poor Ghostl1 Alas, poor William Shakspeare; bless thee, how thou art translated, to please our lively neigh. bours ! Fancy, "Etro, ou no pas etre" as a sentimentalditty I Imagine Milord HIam lot with a tremulous vibrato sieging an addio to his friend "co pauvro Yorickll" Con. ceive, as a fit prelude to this exquisite mor qeau, the opening of the church scene with a chorus of old gravo-diggers, one of whom, ore long, when the scene begins to flag, may dance a comic pas, or give a rattle with the cross.boneos In winding up.his notico of "this most successful opera,"' one of " our own Paris correspondents" naively says: " If 3M. Ambroiso Thomas has not created a Hamlet, hoe has given to the world an Ophelia who will never be forgotten." Created a Hamlet I Imagine a French tunomaker creating a Hamlet I * One might as reason ably talk of the creation of Othello,. wlie defiled as a burlesque. M~als chacun a son gout. o Only we wish our lively friends, when they want to spoil a pliay, would keep their paws off Shakspoaro. Why can't they sing Voltaire, or bring Corneillo out at the opera ? It is bad enough to try to translate Hamlet into French; but we can not stand seeing " Airs from Ihamlot" at the music shop, .and hearing them brayed forth by blatant German bands, or squeaked about the streets by beastly barrol-organs.-Lon don Punch. Among the famous people remembered by Miss Murray are Lord and Lady Eldon; whose parsimonious habits have been the subject ofa thousand tales. " I remember," says tho. writer, "an amusing story which was told mo as an Instance of this. At the conclusion of a week's visit in a large house, Lady Scott came down to her hostess, with arms extended, carrying a hugo number of towels. ' Madam, look heroe' she said. ' I thiuk it my duty to make you aware of the extravagance of your housomaids: day after day I have locked up useless towels that have been put into mino and Sir William's room's yet they were always replaced.. Look at all this linen, ma'am l-towel upon' towel, and during all this week one has served us both!'" " Another droll story is told of Lord Eldon:-" It once happened that Lord Eldod and the Archbishop of. Canterbury dined with the King. Tho former became rather communicative and merry over hi port. At last he said, 'it is a curious fact that your rajesty's archbishop .and your Majesty's lord-chancellor both married tlhoir wives clandestinely I .: I had somoo excuse; for Bessio Surtoes was the prettiest girl in all Newcastle; but Mrs. Sutton was always the same pumpkin-faced thing shoe is at pre. sentl' Tho, King was much amused, and told the story to tho , princesses."--IHon. Amelia Murray. .. - . - J . : FrcnC PEirSANrT PornOIETons.-A. moro independent class of men than the peasant proprietors cannot be well imagined. The divsion of land amongst so many has, in the opinion of those who remember other days, wrought a great change in the charac. ter of tho.French nation. Neithor in the south nor in the north do we find the same gay, thoughtless, fiddling, dancing, merry. making people as portrayed by Goldsmith and Storno. i In truth, thero is more dance and song in a German village than in half. a-dozen of Provence. Tho peasantry are graver, more iprovident, and more parsil monious than in, tho'times of the Capots. The ;whole French nation is quieter, more reserved, and more commorcial.- Even the Gallic passion for war and:glory has much abated. They have begun to consider what thley gain; and what they lose; the Foulds and the Poroires; dispute the past with the MacMahons and the Foroys.-Dr. Ireland. "I am positively of opinion that Princess Oharlotto ws.s tarved' to "death I that,' the liheiress of England died from insuffioient nourishmentl A lady I know found: the Princess one day actually in'tears over her luncheon of tea and broad and butter.. Sho had boon accustomed to takoea muttoin chop and a glass of port wine, and she' said she felt quito weak for want of it-Sir Richard having forbidden any meat in the middleo'of the day.' But she requlrod a generous diet, 'and having always been used to it, shio felt the loss; yet tho orders of her physician woere strictly obeyed, and I think horlifeo was the sacrificeo. 'On' theofatal terminationof her illness, Sir Richard Croft rushed into a room wheore Mrs. OCampboll was-exclaimed, Ssho is dead, and the child too I'-sot off to London, and destroyed himself. Thoe lodgo kooeepor's wifo at the gate was conflned at the same time and recovorod favourably.' lion. Amelia Murray, . - - IvL Bo ys-llas any one a lazy boy who won't got up .in.tho morning? HeIoro is a mother's remedy for tlhe complaint in 1605 t -"Truly, Mr. (Tutor) the greatest faulto Is in you. It is but abonumming of thoe limbos that ho hath which yu 'ou ought to supple in annointing him. with. tho juico of, rlirch, whlch r iaoxcolloit for Buch a cure; and if you apply It bt twico or thrico, youshall Boo I meruallous operation. But if your modi. cn be be not of force, let me knowo it, and I will make him such a morning song that It will awake him in all diligence, and hasten him more than a good paoo."-Erondoll' French Garden, II. 0, back. A story has been going the round of the papers ro good that we suspect it cannot be true, most good stories being old stories. A couple presented themselves at church to be married. The clergyman, perceiving that the bridegroom was drunk, refused t, per. form the ceremony, and after administering a reprimand to him, told the bride to return with him the next day. The couplo did return the next day, when the bridegroom appeared to be oven more drunk than he had boon the day before. The clergyman then addressed the bride, and asked her how she could think of uniting herself to such a confirmed sot. The girl replied with touch. ing naivotd, "Willy is not a confirmed sot, sir; but whenoa be is sober he does not want to marry me, so I cannot help bringing him hero drunk if I am to marry him at all." Fe?rdinand does not appear to have boeen a man of bad natural disposition, and he was ccrtainly very amiable In private life. But his narrow and bigoted education, and his want of discernment, incapacitated him from being a good ruler, and his reign was mainly tolerated on account of his personal popu larity amongst the mass of his subjects, csspecially of the lower orders. This feeling the Iing appears to have cultivated in a manner resembling that of our Charles II.; minus, however, the immorality, for Iis Majesty was a very good husband. Sir Sam ford used to relato how Fordinand, when handing his beautiful Queen Christina Into the royal carriage, would turn round smilingly on the loyal crowd, and observe familarly to thom, "is she not a fine woman?" or some similar remark.-Ferdi nand 7th of Snain. The )ishop of Argyll, in a letter shich he has addressed to Doan Iamsy concern ing the ancient and now feeble Episcopalian churches of the Wostern Highlands, relates a few anecdotes that have the double merit of being new and good. His lordship was lately compelled to remove from a church in his dioceso.one of the National Society's illuminated texts, "Drink, and let the camels drink also." + This oddly-solected text was no doubt intended for the inculca. tion of kindness to the lower animals; but in Argyloshire, whore English is a foreign language, it was calculated to have quite another effect, tolling the people to drink (which they are only too ready to do,) and also to lot their old onemies (the Campbells) on the other side of the hill refresh them. selves In the same way. - When the late Bishop of London visited the church at Appini alorig.with Dr. Ewing, they woere met by a deputation with old Kenneth (or the merchant) at its head. Kenneth's com mand of English was not groat, and his welcome ran thus: "I am proud to see hero such ancient heroes." He meant to call them venerable. Bishop Blomfhold afterwards remarked to his companion that the Ilighlandman's address made him fool as it he were Indeed a very old man. A very curious illustration of the superstition which still lingers in his dioceso is given by Bishop Ewing. He was driving some years ago on the shores of Lochcreran after a con flrmation, and came to a small inn where he could not got corn' for his horses. ")Dun can,". inquired the Bishop of his Arvant, " why cannot you get 'corn l" lie replied, "the man's a Freeo: Kirk, and he winna ge'ot." The bishop insisted the corn must be got, for they wore going far; and Duncan said he would try, and' by;and-by he did got the corn. 'Whe-n they w were supplied and had resumed their journey, Duncan was asked how he had'-contrived to 'make the Free Kirk landlord give what at first hle had refused. "You see, I just said to 'himlit was na' safe to defy a bishop, for,"said I, they can. change things into ither things, and maybe ho'd make you into a boast ; and so I got the corn." Bishop Ewing thinks this maybe a relio of the modioval doctrine of the sacraments-a remnant of a'moral and mental past; and, it it be so, it is all the more curious to find it keeping such a vital hold of even a Free Kirk Presbyterian. SThe Birmingham Post reports an oxtra oidinary sermon preached in Old Swinford Church, by the Rev. O. IH. Craufurd, on the occasion of his second marriage. The rector took as his text slet Cor., iv. 3. "With me it is a very small thing thatI should bejudged of-you or of man's judgment." The con elusion to which he was led, so far as con corned, his recent marriage with one of pleboian birth (the rev, gentleman has It seems, married his housekeepor), was that they had no right to judge her or him. But, nevertheless, to avoid all reasonable cause of offence, and to justify In their sight-unless, inddod, their mental ophthal mia was utterly Irromediablo-what was in congruous, he should, in consequence of his connection with them as their, rector, afford them some explanation. IHe was the oldest son of a soldier,, second to the great duke alone. He was the friend of Quoonsberry, of Granvillo, of Windham,'and 'of Moore. Ie- was the' friend and 'most' intimate Aissociato of the. father of:our, present Queen, and In his youth was an object of favourable regard to the heroIo Frederick of Prussia." The gallant Marquis of London. dorry loved him as a brother, and followed him heart-broken to the grave. IIoe was in ferior In opportunity alone to Nelson, Abor crombio, and Mooro." Such was his gallant father. As regarded his ancestry he would only say. itwas not unconnocted with the hoeorlo Wallace, and that he was at least col laterally, allied to,- if not descended from, the lords of Crauford; who ruled their broad domains'n 'all the majesty;of feudal state for centuries before the many mushrooms who , swarmed r at - thoe present, day had sprouted from their: native dunghill. He would not trouble them with an account of his mother's good but less illustrious family. Before he attained his highest elevation, an offer of marriage was made to one of that family by the Emperor of the French, and by her rejected:' Mr. Craufurd then do. tailed the aristocratic alliances of some of his relatives, and said that such was the sort of alliances which, in point of birth and connection, he might have fairly expected, and when a man in that parish' had the effrontery 'to aspire o.to the hand' of one of his daughters, though. he had never spoken a word to her In his lifeo, the higlost lady in the land could not have been more astounded and indignant when 'heo told' her of the in sult she had receolved, and he felt his insol once could not have ooeen greater if he had demanded the daughter of a duke. It was partly to save them from the repotition of the insult that he permitted them to fix their rosidonceo'lsowhlero. And who were the people who sneered at him? Had they oven grandfathers that could be named? True, his marriage (and he was sure his wife would pardon him for saying it) wa very much lihko that which took place when King Cophetua espoused the beggar girl. Still the wife was always raised to the linus band's level; and who among his hearers could dare to sneer at the ignorance of Mr. Craufurd's wife? Lot his hearers look to their own faults, particularly the abuse of the letter h. After a good deal more in the same strain, Mr. Craufurd bestowed a bone. diction on the congregation, and sent them away. BrinuSoa ItERAinS Or Juno?s.. -1 myself once hoard a judge at Stafford thus conclude an address to a prisoner convicted of utter ing a forged one- pound.noto, after having pointed out to him the enormity of the offenceo and exhorted him to preparo' for another world:-" And I trust that through the merits of our lessod Reodooeemer you may experience that mercy which a due regard to the credit of the paper currency of the country forbids you to hopo for here. As a pendant to this address a friend at the Scotch bar furnishes me with the following, by a lord of justitiary lately deceased: " The verdict In your case, Sir, is only ' nt proven'-not 'not guilty;' so that you leave the bar with the mark of suspicion on you; and you will do well to remember that you remain under the eyes of an nll-seeine Providence and of that active officer Captain Drown of the Edinburgh police establish ment."--Lord Campbell's Lives of the Chiof.Justices. Iosma POLIrcs.--Extract from a lotter lated lst April:-" Wo are now in a politi cal chaos. As John lright'told the Ilouso, i one of the most brilliant of his many great orations, last night, we have neither a government nor an opposition, but a gov. ,rnment carrying out what the opposition old them. I think the Disraoli ministay will be short-lived, and then when it.is all over the surprise will be that it could have boon tolerated at all. The tiling of the not distant future is without doubt a Gladstone. iright ministry; and say what the Saturday and other reviowers may, thoro'are no two non living who have more stamped their impress on the fooling of the ago. Who carried (and originated, too, as Pool's fac. otum) our great fiscal reforms ? Gladstono. WVho helped to carry froo-trado-the French roaty (this last the first mooted) reform put an end to foreign meddling and mud lling, and now squashed nearly the Irish church abomination ? John Bright. Why what was rod hot blasphemy a year ago from him, is now gospel; and last night hle shook his fist in the face of the torios and old them they had swallowed every pill lie had made up for them; but they answered him, not. ]Roally the'change of opinion with us of late has boon a most curious one; but thie sudden ripening of the public judg ment on the Irish establishment is the most astounding event of the day." . V EARING 'TIEI. OUWN IfAIl AoAIe.= Meore is a delightful pieco of news from Paris:-"At the last ball at the HIotel do Villaon revolution was apparent in ,the ladies' style of headdress. .No chignons, but the hair flowing over the shoulders, and a ringlet or two drawn in front, after the manner introduced by the Princess of Wales in 1863." Crinoline has gone thbo way of all departed fashions, and chignons now are doomed to. follow the same fate. In cases such as these there is an appeal against the judgment of Paris. Venus bows to Paris in all matters of the toilotto, and ugliness is suro to imitate whatevbr beauty does. Farewell yo chignons, there. fore, and yo gregarinos infesting them il Fareeoll yo frowsy frisettes, stolen from the neighing stood I Farewell yo pads of alien hair clipped in Oaucasian back slums i Farewell, a long farewell to more than lhlf your greatness, yo fashiouablo.honads I And 0 yo monstrous hairpins, whoso hugo nobs the hilts of small swords and of daggers counterfeit, farewell l "Tho chignon's occu* pation's gone. ToIl OArn or GooD HOPr GooLD.FI?DS. Nothing further of positive importance has reached us (Natal Mercury, 10th March) in regard to the gold.fields . of 'the interior. One or two parties are about starting from Natal, on prospecting purposes bent. lIorr Mauch, after a rapid glance at certain quartz formations on the coast, of which he formed the most favourablo opinion, has returned to the Transvaal, where he had promised to attend the Industrial and Agricultural Exhibition to be held this month; from thence he will probably proceod northward. According to accounts roepublished in another column, the piincipal European residents in Potchefstroom, chief town of the republic, have deccided at a' public moot ing to organise'a prospootinn, oxpgdition. This movement is sure to be actively assisted from Natal, and may, lot us hope, result in the discovery of richer and more abundant evidences of gold than the small traces found in the specimens: of quartz hitherto examined. ,' Ton persons have volunteered to start, some of, them being Australian d(ggors. ' 1 r DIrous.-iSpeaking of these mysterious personages, Captain , Marryatt most truly says :-"I?' know a periodical :will wear down ono's existence. In` Itself it appears nothing; it Is the continual attention 'it requires., ;.Your life. becomes, as it wore, wrapped up in it.; Ono publication. is no sooner corrected and' printed than on comes another., -It is the stone, of Sisyphus,''an endless repotition of toil and wolght upon the intellect and spirits,domanding all your exertions, and compelling you to the severest drudgory. To write occasionally for a paper is veory woll; but to edit one is to condemn your. self to oppressive slavery.'' To this might bo added the task of pleasing overybody; never. giving an unpleasant opinion; being able to answer whatever any of your correspondents might ask, whether it related to.the peossl bility of an atmosphere to the moon, or how to restore decayed photographs. ' :While an oditor is ovorybody's slave, nobody thinks he has anything to do; but'to road their letters, ;and too often answer them at- his own outlay of postage. : S?'A OALo.oxr FInr.--In an investigation as to the condition of the rivers Ayro and Calder, which water the groat towns .of Yorkshire, It was. found that. tho fluid of Bradford Bock, tho souroo of supply to the Bradford'canal; was so currupt from sower ago, that in; summer largo 'volumes of inflammable -gases weroe, given off, .and although it has usually boons couadero an impossiblo feat to "sot the river Thames on fire," tho boys found it practicable to set the canal on fire, the flames rising six feet high, and runping along thoe surfaco of the water for many yards, onveloping the canal boats, to the groat terror of their passen. gors. That this stato of things is not limitol to one district was abundantly proved by inquiries at other towns. A farco was produed in Blannister's time under the title of Fire and Water. "I prodlict its fate," said heo. "What fato?" whisperod tho anxious author at his side. "What fatoI" said Bannister; "why, what can firo and water produce but a hiss?" NATIvn An.-An Irish friend of ours, speaking of his children, said, "they are all well, but one born in this country. I must take him to the Groen Isle; for, upon my honour, I believo he is languish. Ing for his native air, that he never smelt at all." Some men keep savage dogs around their houses,'so that the hungry poor who stop to "get a bito" may get it outsido the door. Tue Goon Owi TIMEss.--Miss AmabI leighington lays down her Shelley with a sigh, and thinks mankind must he greatly altered sineo the poet wrote-" Nothing in the world is single." A ?trsTrAsrI.-An Irishman thus describes his cold reception by an old frIond :-" I saw Pat Ryan t'other side of the way. I thought it was Pat and Pat thought it was me, and when I came up it was neither of us." PnourroITn.-A young follow once offered to kiss a Quakeross. "Friend," said she, "thee must not do it." " O0, by Jovo I but I must," said the youth. "Well, friend, as thou hast sworn, thee may do it; but thee must not make a practice of it." 'Tim PRorFsson AND JstrtY.--A late pro foessor was one day walking near Aberdeen, when ho met na well.known "natural." "Pray," said the professor, "how long can a man live without brains?" "I dinna keon," said Jommy, scratching his head; "how auld are yo, yoursce'?" DoaEsrTIo on STATION SoAr.-Wo were the other day shown a sample of domoesti soap, if we may so term it. A squatter who'resides at Singleton, having heard that a Mrs. Tucker of Singleton, was in the habit of making her own soap, thought lhe might possibly lessen his station expenses by having soap made on the station, where of course tallow and fat are always easily procurable. He oprocured thoerfore from Mrs. Tucker her recipe,' and some of. her soap; end finding it a useful common soap, lhe has ordered a supply of the rcuisito limn and soda for his station, purposing to have made there a loss carefully boiled article at sheoopwashing time-costing him as he imagines about a halfpenny per pound, allowing the fat or tallow to cost "him nothing. Heo has kindly forwarded us a sample, and n copy of the recipo, thinking it might be of value to station.owners. Mi'rs. Tucror's domestic soap is composed of the following ingredients, in the following pro. portions :-- lb. soda, 3 lb,. limo, lb. l~it, and 4 gallons of water. Doll the soda and lime for throe liours, strain and add the fat; boil them to the necessary consistoiny, as the longer the boiling is continued thio firmer the soap made. A trial of the sample by a housekeeper hero shows that the article is a fair common soap, although not very nico in appearance, and rather strong.-3Maitld?d Mercury. FEM?ININE TACT.-Moroover,t I 1had not finished my solitary meal before my brother came, looking jaded and worn, and withal, as I thought, a little out of temper. What could be the' matter? it was on my lips to ask; but I' fortunately chocked. the words' before they passed further. - Nothing annoys a man more than to' bo eagerly questioned when he comes home tired. Give him a neatly served dinner, or a pair' of easy slippers and a cup of tea, and let hini oat and drink in peace, and in time he will tell you, of his own proper motion, all you wish to know.' But if you begin' the attack too soon, the chances are that you will be rewarded by curtly spoken' monosyllables. Put down that piece of wisdom in your note. book, girls; it will serve you well some da.-Elsieo Ellis, in the Christian Treasury, forlMarch. ' A BIT o0 fAitL-EY.-Some people havo the dotestable habit of carrying ." the shop"! with them, go where they will. Wo notice, for 'instanco,' that Dipwick,. the tallow. chandler, comes up to busineoss every morn. lug from his suburban villa in ,a "com. posito" carriago.' 