[?] ? ? ??' ?-- _ , Some of tha most influential of Mr Riddell's constituents -had an interview with him on 27th nit-, and very distinctly intimated to him that, whether he suooeeded in forming' a Ministry or not, he had forfeited the good opinion of the \- oleotors ana would .be. opposed at the next elec tion. Mr Eiddell endeavored to explain the motives wmcn nailed him to attempt the eolation of the political , difficulty, notwith standing the very distinct pledges he had given, but he failed to convince the deputation that he had done anything but prove false to the trust reposed in him. Public meetings are being convened throughout the district to de mand an explanation of his conduct. '...-. Afmeeting of supporters of the M'Culloch Administration took place on Tuesday, in-the Parliamentary Library. About ' fifty gentle men were present, and apologies were received afom^Beveral others who were unavoidably absent. These was a unanimous expression of opiniop that, notwithstanding the undue stretch of the prerogative of the Crown as apparent ih the latter part of the last despatoh of the Duke pi Buckingham, which threatens to coerce the representatives of the taxpayers of .the colony inta the form in which their grants shall be ' made,, the right . of- the Assembly to grant supplies, the manner, matter, form and: fame of so doing shall be adhered tb, and that tne voice - of the country constitutionally ex pressed at the late election must have effect given to it: ~A meeting of the Sandhurst Ministerial Association was held ? on Monday.' A consi derable amount of. business in connection with 4he present crisis .was transacted, and the fol lowing important resolution was passed unaii anously and with acclamation :— ' That this association is of opinion that the MrCuliooh Ministey and the Legislative Assembly should faithfully adhere to the issue put before the country at the recent election, and enter into no arrangement by which the decision of 'the country, as Jexpresaed at the baUot-box, is -Bought to be set aside.' ..' ? ^The position of affairs in Victoria is very ably discussed in a long letter from Mr J. D. j^ane, oi ljisaaern, Franklin, to, the editorof the Tasmaniah Times; from which we extract ; the following truthful and vigorous peroration : — ? I beg thenarespectfully to recordmy opinions «. opposition to those who smell 'treason,' ?disloyalty,' 'dispensing with the Queen's name,' and ,« separation from the m'other country,' in the efforts of Victoria to rid the country, its government and. legislation, from the irresponsible and obstructive' class whose cole end arid aim is to secure their hold upor the , principalities they grow wool upon and keep men from trespassing upon. lean mot believe there exists a solitary being, gifted with the powers of reasoning, who desires to see our Graoious Sovereign or her descendants deposed from the supreme authority . is these colonies, or who could honestlj eeek a separation from an empire whose laws ,and , rule, for ; their justice and Wisdom; were never' equalled in the history, of nations, To write, and ^talk of « disloyalty,' ? treason^ and ' separation,' in connection with ? - theVictdrian orisis, appear&tome; nothing better than , the veriest cant, and only fit to be dis cussed in ' that elaborate treatise which the \- celebrated Dean of St. Patrick's announced .. This intention of giving to the world, but which mas yet to be written, namely, ? A Critical Ussay upon the Art of Canting, philosophically, ^VJ,-J physically, and musically considered.' Why then do I refer to the subject at such length ?. Because the circumstances of the case have fceen jpurposely distorted, written, and dilated invidiously upon by the squatter,. commission ©gents, bankers, arid press, for no other pur pose .than to bring popular institutions into ?contempt, and, among other things, to display the evit of a liberal and just enfranchisement . of fchjj. people.': V ' - The recent acoident at Drury andWright'si Jbuilding in Bridge-street, Ballarat, hasnatu »ally led to speculation upon the oauses of the disaster, and, as the Star says, people as natu rally began to ask what would- have been the result had the parapet fallen after the work had fceen done? ?. 'From inquiries we have made,' observes the Star, 'it seems that the f ailing of the, parapet was due to two causes — tha too hasty, running up of the work, and a defeotive ?construction of the scaffolding. By the too great .rapidity of. building up the mass the work had not time to set, and by the vibratory aotioaof a defective Boaffold the green work of the parapet was^ hastened to its fall. That the binding material was good appears from the architect's statement that it was all ce ment, and therefore equal to the requirements ' of the work. Having ascertained thus much, the inquiry still recurs— how do suoh disasters jbecome possible? The disaster reveals faults ; tliat proper regulations or supervision should prevent, unless dishonesty in builders is invin cible by architectural or supervisional skill. « Wm. Taylor and Wm. Thomas, the sufferers foy the acoident, are progressing favorably.' The points in question are of great and general interest. . The Port Denison Times el 22nd February describes a very shocking occurrence which took place in Bowen— the awfully sudden death of Dr. H. H. Smith. 'The doctor had been ailing for some time, and on Tuesday morning Mr Edwin Binney took him oat for a drive nearly as far as Muller's Lagoon, in Mr Mao leod's buggy. In that neighborhood Mr Binney left him at a patient's house, and drove back to Bowen. Shortly afterwards the doctor was seen walking up the hill in the di rection of Mr Yeates'shouse, aad amusing him self by pulling up little saplings. Whilst so. doing he was seen to stagger forward a few paoes.and then fell to the ground. Those who eaw him fall, immediately ran to the rescue, but life was extinct. Dr. W. S. Smith ex s amined the body, and pronounced the cause of death to be apoplexy, superinduced by un due exposure, to the sun, deceased being at the time in a weak state of health. He was also afflioted with organic disease of the heart, and ho often expressed his conviction it would terminate fatally. Dri Smith arrived in Bowen in August last, and was 'appointed medical ( officer to tho Kennedy Hospital.' Tho short but violent hurrioano of thp 20th nit. maniraBted itself seriously in Mansfield. Mr John M'Goll, a Mansfield farmer, was re turning, in company with Mr Glynn, from Jamieson, where they had been summoned as jurymen, when tho storm came on. .A branch of a tree was wrenched by the violence of the wind from the parent stem, and Btruok Mr M'Coll with suoh forco as to break one of his legs acrosfl the calf. Mr Glynn bad to go to ? _ ? , ? - _ ? ?^^KM^Mmimirr^T1jL'tiA.u.iU|,|M|.*.....-.|rr ?MF,.'.'^'.'WhipP?f. cottage, a. distance of.;'three miles, for assistance, , and the night was so ™ptaO.y:t dark .that. . several hours elapsed before they found- the injured man, who was lying on the track.the whole time, alone and helpless.; ?/ ' . \ '', ''...' ':',v; '.''. ~:\ ' ???? In a recent number, of - the Gleveland\Ex-' press (Queensland)^ we find this notable state ment r—'^Wehave^eceived information from Messrs Allingham's station, on the' Herbert River, that two white men are living with ? ine pia«Ks , on that river. - This information has been received from the blacks through a black bov on Messrs Allingham's station. The.! country is so scrubby, that it is ahnost impos sible to get near the blacks to recover, them, but we trust every exertion will be made.' .- ?. A- correspondent- of 'the Sydney Herald,' writing from1 Port Louis on- the 6th of Febrri ary,:gives- an extremely^ gloomy account of affairs .in' Mauritius :—' The fever,- 'in its' epidemical form, has/ once' more made its ap pe^ance in the fcolbhy, where, as may be supi; posed, it '.is- creating ' a good deal of $larm.; Whether the deaths will be again as numerous asjthey were las* year will yet be seen ;' but, in the event of their being' bo, it is by'many per sons doubted if the colony will ever recover itself again/ The deaths in' Port Louis now reich' about fifty per diem, a higher rate than could have been reported at this time last year.1 ?Some of our well-to-do colonists are already beginning to leave the island in search of more healthy residences ; and the same may be said of a large portion of our .Chinese population, which has hitherto suffered very much from fever. _? With the gloomy prospect of an epi demic in view, it maybe supposed that business would tend to languish ; ; and, in fact, commer- ? cial transactions have much fallen off latterly; The' crop promises well, and if our agricul-i turists -can only keep enough of hands healthy to make theirsugar, they (by far the most im portant body in the colony) may do .well.' . At* the 'usual1 weekly afternoon parade of H.M. 14th Regiment, at the Victorian ' Bar racks, on the 27th -of March, medals for long service and good conduct were presented to the following soldiers by Lieut.-,C61..W. C. Trevor, C.B. : — Sergeant D. Quinn, Corporal Conroy, and Privates D. Macnamara (of the bandi. Beadle, Duffy arid Carthy. After the colonel had pinned the1 medals ori: their breasts, he complimented them on the honor they hadat tainedfor themselves. Their various periods of, service rariged from 18 to 21 years.. Mao namafa and Beadle served with the 40th in ^ Victoria for'someyears,' and exohanged to the 14th in New Zealand, intending to settle in thia colony. .-, -.,-.;. :'. . '?. ??....? .,- ?,?-,:;; ... *,? , .A very heavy rain1 storm passed over ?-' Mel bourne on Satumlay eyennig, between six and seven o'clook. The rain came down in torrents1 for about an hour, and portions of the street were soon rendered impassable. In Elizabeth street ? the water swept over the ? foot- : path, and converted the road into one sheet of water. . Soon after .seven o'clook a Frenchman, named Louchet attempted to cross Elizabeth-street by. the bridge in front of the Colonial Bank, but missing1 his footing he stepped over-the side, and before he could recover himself he was: swept; by the rushing .flood under the footbridge in front of the premises of Messrs.W. Clarke and.Sonsj gold brokers. Several persons at once went to his: assistance, but he had become so firmly jammed nnder the bridge,, that three minutes elapsed bef pre he could be extricated. He was at once take)n.,.tp ; the Melbourne Hospital, and every exertion made toirestore animation,; but with out : success,: as the man gradually sank, and died in three hours. ..- , ... '-. There is. one Victorian .township; at all events, whose riioralityis such as to reflect credit upon the whole colony, if not upon the entire . Australian . continent. ; From a : local journal we learn the pleasant proceedings which ' tools : place; the other day,. when the Court of Quarter Sessions was opened at Wood's Pohit. After.the jury, list had been Called over, the clerk. of the court informed his Honor that there was.no case to be (tried..- The Mayor then rose and addressed his Honor as follows :? — ';Your. Honor, -there is an old English custom of. presenting the 1 presiding judge at any; criminal -sessions, ? where there ia no criminal to' be tried; with a- pair of white kid gloves,. as; emblematical of the' morality and' innocence of the place. At a time when the^ horrors of war ,are 'sounding: an . alarm abroad, and r Fenianism is striking its ter rors! at home ; when the assassin in the light of th6 sun dares to attempt his foul deed even ;on a member of the royal family, in the j adjoining colony ; when crime in : ' so many, hideous forms is raising its head over the i face of the earth, it affords me, : as Mayor of Wood's Point, an infinite amount of pleasure to be able to present your' Honor with a pair of white kid gloves as ah emblem Of- the moulity of the borough I have the honor to represent.' His Honor in replying said: ' Mr Mayor, it is very gratifying to me, and I have no doubt it will be equally so to all the gentlemen jurors, to find that thereare no criminals to bring before the court ; the jurors will now bo; able to return to their places of business, without muoh delay. It must also be gratifying . to the residents of the district to find that there is no crime amongst them. I airi uicUned to thhik that this happy state of things is owing to the good ma nagement of the Mayor, who, in his capacity of magistrate, has kept. the place in order and prevented brime. (Applause.) Wags might say that there is nothing to steal. (Laughter.) This, however, is tho first time I have re ceived ; such- a present, and I beg to thank tho , Mayor for the kid gloves, which - 1 shall have much pleasure in wearing at the first .ball I am invited to.' (Cheers.) Mr Alley rose and said that he also, as sheriff of the district, had the pleasant duty to perform of presenting his Honor with a pair of white kid .gloves as emblematical of the abaeuae of crime at Wood's Point. He then handed a pair of white kid gloves to his Honor, and: another pair ,to the clerk of the peace. ' His Honor, after thanking Mr Alley for the presentation, said he would wait a few minutes to see if any other gentleman would present him .with gloves.- (Laughter.) From the Belfast Gazette we learn that, on the 6th of March', 341 sheep, in the area of Xalla-y-poora, found to bo' diseased with scab, were, at the requestof the surrounding selectors and sheep owners, seized by the inspector of sheep, arid destroyed under the 20th clause of the Scab Act. Fifty sheep running near Kirk stall were also disposed^ in the same manner onthe 17th. It is said thatMr'F. E.. Adamson, of Malms bury, is about to institute legal proceedings against the author or authors of tho letter ad dressed by_ the borough: council to the Chief Sepretary, in reference to Mr Adamson's ap pointment as deputy returning officer at the last election. It i3 said that the council can ,not be proceeded againsfas a. corporation in a civil action for libel, and that a criminal in-: .formation against some individual merriber or ^officer of the council will therefore be filed. It is considered by no means improbable that the case will come on for hearing at the Malma bury Police Court, on the 2nd April. ;-. . ; Ani instance of heroism on ;the part of a ihttle girl, and of poltroonery on the part of two 'man;'. is, .recorded by the Stor.-— ' At a fire which occurred in the earlier part; of the week in the. dwelling-house - of- Mr Forrest, farmer, at Middle Creek, near Glengower, during the absence from'home of the proprietor and his wife— one at a school meeting, arid the other at Clunes— a most heroic and devoted act of affection was performed- by^Mr Forrest's eldest girl, a child only nine years of age, who upon the firstalarm of fire had got out of the bedroom . where, thie fire was believed to have originated, and.in which ? herself . and her two little. sisters were sleeping.- Recollecting, their peril, and, finding that the two laboring men who were present would not, attempt to rescue them, Miss Forrest made her way through the blazing timber and succeeded in saying her ( sisters, and happily without any serious injury to either them or heraelf. All honor to such a child, and _ shame uppn the men who could stand passively by while two infants were ex poseiltosuch a terrible fate.' What a pity that our contemporary has not giyeli the names.,'. ..' .' .,'., ',. ., '','. .', .-;;.: ' ? .. ''...'. An interesting letter from the secretary of the; National Lifeboat Institution, London, to the Chief ; Commissioner ot Victorian Police has just been received. This- is the purport of ' the communication :—' I have had the honor to receive and lay before the committee of the Eoyal National Lifeboat Institution your latter of the 19th September last, re questing, to be furnished with 2000 copies of the small bills issued by the society for the restoration of the apparently drowned, for use by the police constables in the colony of Vic toria. I have the. pleasure to acquaint you that the committee have decided to make you a present of the bills in question, which are for warded to you herewith. The committee learn .with great satisfaction the interest you take -in this subject, and that under your supervision the instructions had already been attended to with so much' success in restoring . to life persons apparently drowned.' A sup ply of the bills will be forwarded to each sta tion, so that one may be supplied to each serr geant and constable, who is required to - keep the same for reference in the memo, bookihe is required to carry. :J . The returns of traffic on the Victorian Rail ways still exhibit a marked improvement in the returns for the corresponding periods last year. The amount received for the week was £10,684 7s, as against £9226 7s 7d in same week of 1867. The total amount reooived up to the week ending 26th March is £135;495 4s,. against £129;097 3s Id during the same period last year. ' ' -.?'? A curious and 'apparently unexpected re '.salt _was developed out of the proceedings - commenced some time since, in- the Vice Adnuralty Court, touching the collision be tween the ships Western Empire and Onward. In those proceedings the decree of' the court was against the owners of the Western Em pire, Messrs S. ! T. : Wilson and Co.; of .Liverpool, with damages £1749. Bail had 'been given for £1000, which sum was paid, leaving the balance, for whioh the plaintiffs in the; suit' appeared to have no remedy as the Western 'Empire had'left the port. Onr the arrival of another White Star vessel in harbor : (Queen of the North), however, action at law WAS CMininfmnfifl hv 'NTaaara O.rian nnA T.arma !for the owners of the Onward, for the £749, and a writ of foreign attachment served on the agents, Messrs Lorimer . and Go.', and on Captain Weaver of the Queen of the North,, as holding property belong ing:^ one of; ithe defendants. On the preliminary proceedings jthe.judge, in cham bers, examined the above gentlemen (the gar riishers, as thsy are termed in law) , .and finding that the ship did belong to Mr Wilson, the judge has ordered an embargo upon. her. Ac cordingly,, she now lies .in port; pending the result of' the aotion, and if Judgment is, ob tained by default, . or otherwise, ; she will be liable to be Hold by, the sheriff, unless the agents give a bond on behalf of Mr Wilson to pay, the £749 and all costs. ' .-,..-.' . . We have received, a suggestion to the effect that a female attendant should be added to-the staff at the Public .Library, to encourage the larger attendance of ladies at that institution, by giving them facilities for obtaining any books they wish for. The 'present arrange ments for the accommodation of lady students are not by any means complimentary to them, as they are all herded into a corner where picture books are provided, suitable, in tho judgment of the trustees, to their limited capacity. We are sure that many lady yisitors to the library, and many ladies who don'j; go as things are at present, would like to have at their disposal the literary treasures in every department. A gentleman official is placed at the entrance to the room for the, ladies' protection ; but they don't like to ask him to go and fetch a book, because, apart from other reasons, it is perhaps not his duty to do so. While approving of this suggestion with reference to a female attend ant, we think that the ladies might improve matters by resolutely taking their seats in those departments of the library which contain the description of works they like. Un doubtedly, it requires some courage to face the staring bestowed upon any female who ventures on this uncommon courae at present; but once let it become geriernlj and the impertinence will be almost discontiuued. Somo further particulars concerning Mon day, the murderer, we find in tho Yass Cou rier: — ' This fiend in human shape is still an inmate of tho Yass gaol, but it ia expected that he will be removed to Goulbnrn in a few days. Dr. Campbell visited tho gaol on Sa turday last, for the purpose of endeavoring to asoertain the mental Btate of the prisonor, and wo understand that- the impression on the doctor's mind is that Monday is non compos mentis. After washing his feet from the dost of tho .roads, for it must be' remembered that he had no boots on when taken, there were unmistakeablo stains of blood— the blood of his victims— on his heels, and which it has been found impos sible to remove. Ho is still very communica tive about the murders he has committed, although the rest of the prisoners hold no in tercourse with him whatover. Ho often ro peata that he knows ho will be hnngod, and ?j'» - — ? ?? ??? ' ? ' ? ? ? ? ? rarl' ? i'UiHV^ :Vf ' '?'??'? ? ii i . l^y..rMf^.| . i n.,|f. does not desire to live ; as he had all through hfe been cruelly treated, he wished to see what sort, of place the other world, was. On one oc casion, , in alluding to the Gap murders, he said they were nothing to what he did at Mait land, and,for which he received a sentence of nfteen years. .-He- appears to have always sus P^P^*?080 who employed him of intention to cheat him out of his wages. He said he hired once with, the family of a squatter, and when the time approaohed for the completion of his agreement, he expected nothing else than to be turned- away- without a settlement. 'If said; he,' 'they had done so, I would have put the, whole of them to sleep.' He further said; that Conroy's. lot was not the first he had- put to sleep. Death, he said, did n°t fr^t^Jhin? ; he wbb never .frightened of it but price, .when, while on horseback, he was at ?the edge of a precipice, and one false step would have sent him to the other world. Since th^ terrible deeds were enacted at the Gap, no one has occupied tlie house in which the mur ders were committed^ . The mattress which had covered some of the bodies, and which hadbeeri' left under the verandah, had been removed, , and we believe burnt. The mian who assisted in placing the bodies in the cart on the morn ing after the murders has since taken charge of the sheep, 'and: occupies the detached building in whioh Mrs Conroy slept. At night the passer-by will be attracted by the glare of an immense fire, which may be seen through the slabs, rendering objects at a distance' of fifty yards plainly visible. We should suppose that the remnant of the family will cause the build ings to be razed to the ground and burnt, destroying all visible traces of a scene of such horror.' The new volume of the ' Congregational Year Book,' a compendium of information re lating to the Independents, and a statistical record of their progress, has just been pub lished. It Contains an acennnf; of tha ninnninol institutions of the body, the proceedings of the Congregational Union, lists of recognised Independent ministers, accounts of the various colleges, 'and other useful information. It appears that there are 1989 Independent churches in England, and 2217 in the em pire, besides 1613 preaching stations. 174 churches in England are without pastors, and ' 416 ministers ore without congregations, but this number includes the aged and disabled. A Brisbane telegram, dated 27th March, con tains much news in little compass :— ' Large sales of Crown lands in the East and West Moreton districts are gazetted. Eagan, a warder in the penal establishment, has been dismissed for Fenian sympathies. Reliable accounts state that the Kolan diggings are a complete failure ; there were three thousand men on the ground on the 24th ult. They are tall 'going ''to leave, and have uttered threats against the prospectors. All is quiet at the last accounts.' , The' London .correspondent of a New South Welsh journal, describing the anniversary luuuoj. ui .\jux ^.uairauons in- Willis s -Rooms, under the presidency of Sir William Denison, does riot give a very flattering por trait of the present Colonial. Secretary T— ' I enclose you a programme of the toasts, and re fer you tb the Times for a report, which is, ' however, a very indifferent, one. The speeches of Mr Corry and the Duke of Buckingham are in full, as they possess some interest to its Eng lish readers ; but those of Sir Charles Nichol sori, Sh?; Charles Clifford, and Mr Darvall (who proposed « our guests' in the absence of Mr Childers). were excellent ; the latter gentleman took the opportunity, of setting down: Mr ?Marsh in his best style. This foolish M.P., possessed 'with an hallucination which he constantly carries about with hirii, claimed, in replying to the toast of the Houses of Parlia-' ment, to represent the colonies in the House of Commons. Perhaps after this public rebuke his vanity will be less intrusive. Sir William Demsori made a poor chairman, arid was not the right man ; it should have been Mr C. Weht worth. The ' old veteran looked well, but he is getting feeble. Onr old friend, Mr Justice . Therry, spoke with his usual fire and elo quence, and although his subject was a bald one, 'the-Pr-esident,' yet you could not fail to discover in the orator him who once sat at the feet of Canning. Sir John Dickinson was also there, and in geod health. The Duke of Buckingham may be an excellent man, but he gives you ths impression of very slender abili ties; He is no speaker, and would not earn his Bait as an itinerant preacher ; but it is easier to be a colonial Minister. ' With what little wit the world is governed.' ' His Honor Judge Rogers did not pronounce judgment in the Band of Hope appeal cases on Monday, owing to his having lately been unwell. The judgment will be given on the' 21st April, the first day ef next sittings of tne Uourc ot Mines. 'More law' is thus' announced by the Pas toral Times : — ' Nolioe of action has been served on the sheriff of New South Wales, at the suit of James Willoughby, Deniliquin; damages, we hear, £2000. The cause of action arises in a case .of costs obtained in an action against Willoughby and Taylor (of the Royal), brought by Lane and Gresham against Wil loughby, who, as sheriff's officer, sold illegally, at the suit of Taylor, goods and property belonging to Lane and Gresham. Attorney for the plaintiff Willoughby, Mr Jeflery ; for the dofondant, the high sheriff, Mr Robertson, of Deniliquin. The original suit commenced five years since.' . A singular phenomenon, observed in Echuca on Friday, 27th ult., somo time before and after sunset, is described by a local journal : — ' An immense white aroh, resembling a rainbow in all but the color, spanned the western heavens. It was visible after dark, and faded gradually away.V ... The police have not yet abandoned the search for the unfortunate woman who has been missing from Eosedale for the last fort night. Constable Sharp was despatched to the aboriginal mission station, Kama, Yuk, on 27th ult., to procure the servicos of some additional black traokers, with whoso aid it is contem plated making a final effort to discover the missing woman. A curious instance of the power of growing trees to injure walls of brick or stone, has just been shown at tho rear of the Custom House, Gjelong, as the Register roports : — ' Most persons have noticed the rows of gam trees that grow there so luxuriantly. Tho root3 of theso treos extend ho a long distance round the trees, and some of them have pierced the brick wall of an underground ? tank, and aro to be found in it in quantity. As a necessary conse quence, they have rendered the tank worthless for the purpose for whioh it was constructed, as tho water soaks away to tho level at whioh he perforation was made,'. Bat onr contem porary notices a still more serious business in connection with the building :—' For some '. time past it has been- noticed that ithe . wall of the Custom House, fronting towards the Bay, showed symptoms of a subsidence of the foun- . . dations. [It has riow been officially inspected by two gentlemen i from the Office of : Public Works. Under their directionthe ground was ? opened in several places, and the. wall . bared to ? : the footings for the purpose of examination,. _ when the cause for the subsidence iwasat once apparent. It was found, that when. the; build ing was commenced, the bottom of the trench - dug out; for the foundations was floored over , with slabs of stringy bark, timber four incheaitt , thickness.. - On this perishable material the ; footings were placed, and then ;the walls .were , , runup. As might have 1 been ^expected, the. ; stringy bark has completelyirottedrandis now a ; soft mass that can .be picked to pieces with . .; the fingers. Nevertheless, .on ; this unsta- ~ Me foundation there, , has , . been. , raised a solid heavy superstructure ? of ' freestone, ( three loftyjtories in.height. ''.' There'is, there- '?',. fore, no reason for wondering, at the aubsi-. derice of. the building, as, shown, in places ' where a person can insert his finger between \ the joints. We believe a report on the matter. ..'.'r has been sent in to ithe department, 'arid a! remedy will have to be! applied without delay, . as the wall is really kept from falling through , being tied, to the end and cross walls of the building. This circumstance shows that there must have been great want of knowledge arid ' judgment, or very lax supervision, or, , perhaps, something very mach worse, on ; the '_ ' part of the official or officials who ' had the ' - ': oversight of the erection bf the building.' His Excellency Sir George Bowen, Lady Bowen and suite, sailed on the 23rd ult., from Wellington for Auckland, where he expected ,t to meeft Prince Alfred. When the Governor left all the vessels at the wharf hoisted flags. . The ship Leichhardt hoisted the Irish flag— green, with a harp— -at the fore. An inf orma- , tion was laid against Captain Phillips at tho . police office. ; ? .../-..??? ;, The Chief Inspector of Sheep., South Aus- ' tralia, has given notice that after the . 31st of - -i March no permits will be issued :for the .'??' introduction of sheep from Victoria, unless all ?:?'? - such sheep are marked legibly on the rump.' ; with the letter V either in paint or pitch, riot ' less than three inches in length. '-? ' \It has been determined by the Governor i a (. Council that the number of members of the' Mining Board for the mining district of Beech- ,[..', worth, to beelected within and for each divi sion of the said mining district, shall bo \ a3 follows, and not as 'heretofore, viz.: —Beechworth. division, three members ; Buckland division,' two meiribers ; Yackan- . . , dandah division, two meriibers; Indigo divi- . ? sion, one member; Gpulburn division, one member ; Mitta-mitta division, one member. / ' Among the passengers who arrived by the '; Tararua from New Zealand on Tuesday was his Honor Judge Chapman. We believe his Honor's sojourn in Victoria is not likely to last ;; more than a few weeks. .,,..' A deputation consisting of Mr E. Steinfeld, '. representing Ballarat East, Mr Richardson of ;, - Creswick, and Mr Bacohus for Bungaree, , '', . ' waited upon the Minister of Roads and Bridges, on Tuesday, upon the subject of the proposed V road to the boundaries. Mr Sullivan promised to tone tne matter into consideration, and de cide as soon as possible, v : ,1 The Courier understands ' that several of. ,j the medical gentlemen of Ballarat;, when asked- -s to proceed to Sydney arid; testify to the insanity r . of O'Farrell, positively declined to do so, and ,., that Mr P. Welsh received the ? sum of £100 asv conduct money on behalf of the accused.' -.'..?-? At the conclusion of divine service. on. Sun-, day evening, in the Presbyterian church; Myers-street, Sandhurst, Mr Alexander Rae,; / Ironbark, and Mr James Sheddon, Redan-- .. ? hill, were ordained ruling elders, in addition ? to the present members of the session. The. .-??? , Rev. J. Nish preached a very impressive ser- : ?. nion on the nature and duties of the office, . and after the ordination addressed both the newly appointed elders and the congregation on then* respective duties and obligations to :??? each other. . r , .-. .* It was decided recently by the Supreme ?' Court, New South Wales, that creditors, whose - claims upon a voluntarily assigned estate ar« contmgent at the time of such assignment (I.e., claimants upon bills and notes which ' have been only endorsed by the assignor, arid : are still current when the assignment is exe- ' ? cuted), must, when such -claims have' become ??'?': certain, by the dishonor or partial dishonor' of . the bills or notes by the makers, receive a dividend upon their respective claims in the same proportion with the other creditors.' - Captain Sinclair, the discoverer of Port ' Denison, was drowned during the regatta at ' Townsville, Queensland, on St. Patrick's Day. ' '' Mr Grenvold, who was a cnbin passenger in the Solsetto from Liverpool, died during the voyage from phthisis. His bereaved wife and child are passengers by the same vessel. A correspondent informs the Courier that at a meeting of the grand coinmittee of the Grand Orange Lodge of Victoria held in Ballarat on Tuesday evening, it was resolved to draw up a '? congratulatory address to her Majesty the . , Queen onthe convalescence of H.R.H. the Duke ' of Edinburgh, and to assure her Majesty of the unfaltering loyalty of the members of this body to her Majesty's throne und person. The .,; writer adds that several applications for war- ; runts to open new lodges in various parts of . , ',, . tho colony were dealt with, and finally granted.. Other's were holdover for consideration. ; The unusual delay of the last train on Tues-. . day night daused considerable uneasiness in Sandhurst and Castlemoine. The delay was caused by the breaking of one of the engine ? valves near Kyneton. Says [tho Bendigo Ad-, vertiser: — ' The damage was partially re paired after a considerable ilelay, and tho'train managed to get as far as Ravenswood, wheiro it was met by a pilot engine from Sandhurst, which had been telegraphed for. It appears somewhat strange that neither at Kyneton nor Castlemoine was there a spare engine ready to take tho train on, without the necessity of having to send .Kfr one to Sandhurst.' Had tho telegraph been available — as it ought to have been — no anxiety would have been felt by those w$io had friends in the train. Thomas Cox, tho boy who was shot at Rose dale somo time ago, died at the Gipps Land Hospital the other day. It may bo of some use to others to tell how the fatality occurred. On tho 10th of March Cox ami auother boy named Cotvell went into tho ; I backwaters for tho purposo of shooting ducks , both being armed with guns. Cox got on a log for tho purpose of. looking for wild fowl, trad had his gun in his right hand at foil cod:. By some means the weapon slipped and came violently in contact with the log, causing the hammer to fall on tho nipple, and the whole contents of the gun lodged in- the unfortunate boy's thigh. His companion Cowell immo . diately went for and obtained -the assistance of a man named FraBer, who conveyed the hoy to a farm-house adjacent, where the safFeter was at once attended by Dr. Simmons, and the next day was taken to the hospital. In spite of all remedies lookjaw supervened, and the lad expired. It would seem by .a complaint that has been . made to the Oaattemaine mining board, that several parties holding land under the 42nd clause of the Amending Land Act have been extorting money from miners for claims on land not under cultivation, such being illegal, and according to the act their leases (are for foited.: As ttiQ Daily News observes, ' if the law ia enforced, whioh it ought to be, it might be a caution to many who have taken up land for no other purpose.' The usual generosity of the great mining companies is one of the most agreeable features of gold-fields society. For' example : — At the meeting of the Webster-street Freehold Com pany on Tuesday, a sum of £50 was voted to the widow and family of a miner named Parker, who was killed at the mine. The following votes were passed to the charitable institutions, namely :— Hospital, £30 ; and Benevolent and Orphan Asylums, £10 each. The Maryborough Mining Board met spe cially on Friday to consider statements of the petitioners in the matter, of the disputed elections for the* Amherst, Tarnagulla and „ Maryborough divisions. From the Talbot Leader we learn what took place :— Mr Hoskins appeared for Messrs Beckett and Cosstiok, pe titioners against the return of Messrs Fay and Gill, for the Amherst division. Mr Samuels, representing the interests of Mr Barr, peti titioiied against by Mr Donovan', of Mary borough, and for Mr Irvine, whose election for Tarnagulla was also objected to. A difficulty arising qs to 'the legality of the chairman ad ministering the oath to the witnesses, it was decided to telegraph to the Attorney-General for information. The answer not arriving aB soon, as expected, and aB time was on the wane, it was resolved to 'chance it,' and the chairman administered the oath accordingly to the witnesses. Sundry legal arguments were entered into, and the examination of .witnesses proceeded with, when a telegram from Mr Higinbotham came to hand conveying his opi nion that the chairman had not the power to administer the oath. The proceedings so far were therefore valueless, and after it had been resolved to forward a full statement of the case te the Attorney-General for his opinion and advice, the board adjourned. , An interview between Messrs Frazer and. Miller and their constituents is reported by the Talbot Leader :— ' Messrs Frazer and Miller, our parliamentary representatives, having visited Majorca the previous day, returned to Talbot on Friday en route to Melbourne, and were waited upon at Wrigley's Commercial « -Hotel by several of the members both of the Borough Connoil of Amherst and the Shire Council of Talbot, for the purpose of bringing under their notice several local requirements. Among other matters, the deputation more es pecially urged the need for support of the new Borough Statute and Local Government Act, both of which measures engaged the attention oi sue juegiBrauve .ouBamuiy iusu btJHaiuu, ana passed the committees to whom they were re ferred. The hon. members promised to take the matters submitted to them under their most earnest consideration, and use their utmost endeavors to promote the object sought by the deputation.' The secretary of the Victorian committee of the New South Wales Floods Relief Fund has. forwarded a report of the result of . the labors of the committee. A sum of £3779 19s 9d has been contributed towards the relief of the sufferers from the late disas trous floods, by Victorian colonists, and that a balance of over £1000 remains to the credit of the committee. Finding that the central committee in Sydney, after having met all the exigencies of the calamity, have funded a balance in their hands of £5000 as the nucleus of a fund to meet future disasters of. a like 'character, the Victorian committee have re solved to apply for the direction of a court- of equity as to the disposal of the balance now lying to the credit of the fund in the Colonial Bank of Australasia, which balance is not re quired for the purpose for which it was placed in the hands of the committee by the chari table individuals who so promptly responded to the appeal made to them. A prize for the Melbourne police is thus in dioated by a Beechworth journal : — 'Lee, who took several head of cattle from Gipps Land to the Thunder and Lightning quarter, who was arrested by the police and escaped from them — who has had two ' encounters,' as either the police or tha newspapers style them, with the police — has since made across to this side, and crossed the Upper King River, a week ago, and will, no doubt, fall a prey to the Melbourne detectives.' The rewards for Lee's apprehen sion amount to something like £130. The ' Gap Range Murders,' as they are called, seem to furnish an inexhaustible theme for the local press. From the following it will be seen that the topic has stimulated the imagination of the Yass Courier: — 'Super- stition has planted a ghost at the scene of this fearful tragedy. We mentioned in our last issue that the house in which the murders were committed had been abandoned, and that the man who had taken charge of Conroy's sheep had located himself in the detached building from which Mrs Conroy emerged on the fatal night, only to meet the same doom as her husband and others. Since . then it would appear. that some perspns had tempor arily taken up their abode in the main building, and on the first night of their sleeping there a hand described as heavy as that of a human creature passed over their bodies while they laid in bed. On the second night, by the light of the fire which we have referred to as burning all night, in the place where the shepherd slept, a figure dressed in blaok was seen in the room where the murder were perpetrated. The superstitious may pro bably suppose that it was That figure clothed from head to foot, Which keep3 the keys of all the creeds. However, one thing is certain, that so alarmed were all those at the farm house, temporary sojourners and the shepherd, that they have abandoned the place, and have pitched their camp on tho bank of the creek. Tho pri soner Monday continues to exhibit no remorso, ? and is seemingly quite rational on the sub ject of bis past atrocious career, The medical ..../''? ? ? t._ ? __ officer of the gaol, Dr. O'Connor, is perfectly satisfied as to the culprit's sanity ; but we suppose that when he is put upon his trial, the jury will be directed to' take evidence as to his ability to plead.', Mr Foster, P.M. , was called to take the dy ing declaration of a patient in the hospital at Sale, on Monday. The circumstance's of the case are thus described by a local journal :— On Thursday, the 26th ult., two men named Magra and Kirby were out at Nuntin Creek on a shooting expedition. Both were more or less the worse for liquor, and a dispute arose as to which of them had consumed the largest quantity of the spirits. This led to a quarrel, and subsequently a scuffle ensued, during which their gun went off, wounding the man Magra in the calf of the leg. The wounded man was neglected for two or three days, and on Sunday was admitted to the hospital, but on Monday the modification consequent on the wound had so much increased that it was deemed necessary to take his dying declara tion.' Mr Groves has favored us with a copy of his weather tables for 1868, based on magnetic principles. The following is the forecast for the month of April:— 1. Strong breeze, and fine; 4. Strong and cool; 5. Fresh and fine ; 6\. Fresh and inclined to rain; 7. Fresh, cloudy and cool ; 8. Moderate and fine ; 9. Strong and great heat ; 10. Strong gale, cool ; 11\. Strong gale, cool; 12. Moderate and fine ; 13\. Strong, squally, warm ; 14. Fresh and squally ; 15. Fresh, fine and warm ; 16. Moderate and fine; 17. Moderate and fine : 18\. Strong and squally ; 19. Fresh and cloudy ; 20\. Moderate and fine; 21. Strong gale and squally, with rain, hot; 22. Fresh and fine; 23\. Moderate and fine; 24. Moderate and fine ; 25. Fresh and fine ; 26. Fresh and fine, cool; 27. Strong with rain, cool ; 28. Strong and cloudy ; 29. Fresh and fine ; . 30. Fresh and fine. The rumor that an official in one of the banks in Young was a defaulter turns out to be true. Mr Blake, of the Commercial Bank in that town, is the individual referred to. His defalcations are estimated at £3000. He has disappeared nobody seems to know whither. We find the following particulars, in the Yass Courier: — 'We sincerely regret to learn that the rumor which was stated in our last issue to be prevalent in town has proved to be too true. The defaulter is Mr Isidore Maurice Blake, and we believe he was a teller in the bonk. He ab sconded about ten or twelve days ago. The deficiencies in his accounts appear to be much larger than was at first supposed. It is stated at the present time that they amount to about £2500. Besides falsification of customers' and bank books, the fraud has been in part accom plished by means of erroneous entries of fixed deposits. It will be some tune before all the receipts in these cases can be called in, and therefore the stated amount of deficiency is only an approximation. The last time Mr Blake was seen after leaving Young was at Binalong at dark; he was then riding and leading a spare horse. Besides the inspector of the bank a clerk has been sent up from Sydney to assist in auditing the accounts.' The bed of lime lately . opened at Cockatoo, on the land held by Mr Trollope under the 42nd section, is now opened to some extent, and is being worked by Messrs Tinsey, Trollope and party, and some quantity of lime of medium quality has been got out,' burned, and disposed of. A local journal expresses an opinion that, the real bed of limestone has not yet been dig covered, as the blocks appear to be disconnected, and in the shape of boulders. A portion of the bells of St. Patrick's Cathedral were Thursday hung in the eastern tower. The bells arrived in Melbourne in 1853, and have since lain' in St. Francis's ohuroh, awaiting the completion of, one of the belfries of the new cathedral. They Were cast by Sheridan, of Dublin, a house well known for its splendid production in bell founding. The Vimeira, late one of Dunbar's celebrated fleet, but on her present voyage chartered by Messrs Boines and Co., of the Black BaU Line, arrived in Hobson's- Bay Thursday forenoon, with Government immigrants and passengers under the bounty warrant system. She has met with considerable detention on the voyage, having been: compelled to put into two ports, St. Iago and Table Bay, for a supply of water, her condensing apparatus having become disarranged at the early part of the passage. But as an instance of 'her sailing capabilities, it may be mentioned that she has only been twenty- nine days from Table Bay to this port, thus making 6054 miles in the above time, and averaging nearly 209 miles per day, without allowing for deviation. She has brought out 347 passengers, who are classi fied as follows :— 24 married couples, 171 single wonien, 59 single men, and 69 children. We are indebted to the courtesy of Captain Garden for Cape papers to the 3rd ultimo. A meeting of the prinoipal merchants, bankers and nrivate mtizens of frflfilrnirr nn held at the Mechanics' Institute, Geelong, Thurs day, for the purpose of presenting Mr V. W. Giblin with an address and testimonials, on the occasion of his removal to the Sydney branch of tho Bank of Victoria. The choir was occu pied by the hon. Chas. Sladen. The testi monials consisted of a service of sterling silver plate, and a 'purse containing 225 sova. Mr Giblin returned thanks very touchingly, after wnich an album containing over a hundred photographs of his Geelong friends was presented by Mr Wheatland, who also read an appropriate address composed by Mr Stitt Jenkins. Amongst the many parting gifts Mr Giblin has received within the week were a costly emblematic jewel from his brother masons, a valuable gold watch and chain, &c;, from the officers and employes of the bank. A supplement to the Government Gazette was issued Thursday, containing a proclama tion throwing open for leasing the lands in the following agricultural area,s: — Boloke, Chap man, ,Colvinsby, Diranawortby, Glenthomson, Kiora, Lexington, Lispotver, Mininera, Mount Aspinall, Nekeeya, Strathstrachan, Tatyoon, Watgania, WeBtgarth, Yalla-y- Poora; Rathscar, Bengworden, Bumberrah, Congulmerang, Moormurng ; Argyle, Higinbotham, Merrimu, Parwan ; Beethang, Belvoir, Gundowring, Towong ; Abermaculloch, Rathireland, Willa took ; Benalla, Delatite, Doolam, Goorambat, Howqua, Mansfield, ftloorngag, Wondooma rook ; Connewarren, Elingamite, Gelibrand, Hainesford, Keilambete, Koort Koort-Nong, Mitohellsdale, Moles worth, Mortlake, Pomber neitrPircarra, Plunkett, Purrumbete, Terang, Woomdoo, Yonng ; Gre-gre, Loader Downs ; Ardgray, Bamawm, Din-Millewa, Parkos' Plains, Pannoobamawn, Wharparella ; Barsng arcok, Carpendeit, Gerangamete, Irre warrft, Irrewillipe, Marroon, gkeneaburn, j Tirrangower; Batman,' Bealanborry, Bil-bil Wyt, Clarke, Edenhope, Ennishstawell, GraBsdale, Griffithston, Hentyhurst, Hodg kinson, Karabeal, Kongbool, Kirkcairns,' Lewisham, Ligarwood, Lowe, Merthyr Hum ffray, Mocamboro, Mooree, Murndal, Nangeela, Pawbymbyr, Snodgrass, Tarrayoukyan, Temple perry, Wanwandyra, Warrabkook, Weeran gourt, Ynppeokiar ; A'Beckett Plains, Bellela trobe, Hull; Garrickoshonassy, Flowerdale, Pyalong, Pohlman, ' Seymour, Torrensdale; Langworrin, Mount Macmahon, Nar-nar-gooh, Narreworran ; Darrimon, Wonwron ; Balrook, Dartmoor, Drik-drik; Arcadia, Cafag-carag, Corop, Dargalong ; Bungeleen, Heyfield, In vermichie, Macarthurmere, Mollison's Bridge; Winnindoo ; Arddaly, Burnewang, Cole, Glen Grant, Hayanmi ; Callawadda, Kirkella, Led court, Warrariook; Bontherambo, Boorhaman, Esmond, Bstcourt, Hanson, Mokoan, Moyhu, Myrrhee, Oxley, Warrawinga; Ballangeioh, Brnckhell, Cooramook,- Garvoo, Mepunga,Nir randa, Tallangatta and Yarpturk. The same Gazette also contains a long list of forfeitures of licenses. As a sample of the excellence of beef cured in this colony, it may be mentioned that Capt. Ayling, of the Aberdeen dipper ship Moravian, tested'.Thursdav three casks that had been on board his ship about thirteen months, and the contents were found to be, if anything, superior to the beef obtained at home. Captain Ayling also informs us that every voyage the ships of I the Aberdeen Lino take on their de pariure from home between five and six hundred tins of sixteen pound weight each of preserved fresh meat, which costs about 7jd per pound. Now, if, as stated here, preserved meats can, be made up at from 4Jd to 5M per pound, there is little doubt, should the meat be preserved in such a way as to stand a voyage home and back, a ready market maybe found for it, more particularly if the company that has already Btarted wUl go. the right way to work about the matter and Bend a case on board of two or three vessels free of charge, to be taken home and brought out again as a sample. ? It is understood that, at the request of the gentleman chiefly concerned, a board will be appointed to investigate the charge of having used disloyal language brought against, .fllr Nolan, J.P., President of the Huntly Shire Council. ;-..; .,, Information has reached Sandhurst of the death of Mr James Black, a traveller in the employ of Messrs Cohn Brothers, brewers. It appears that Mr Black left Sandhurst on Wed nesday morning with a dray load of goods, to take to Elysian Flat, calling at Raywood . on the way out. He left Raywoad some time in the afternoon with his dray— a two-horse one —and some time afterwards he was found, lying dead underneath the dray, which had ap parently been capsized by coming in contact with a stump; From ? the Advertiser we learn that 'Mr Black was one of the oldest settlers, on Bendigo, and was at one time a member of the firm of Dixon, jCaughey and Co., in Market square. He had been for a long time in the em ploy of Messrs Cohn Brothers, and. enjoyed not alone their respect and esteem, but that of all in the community, to whom he was known. His sudden and untimely end has caused a* deep feeling of sorrow to his many friends in Sandhurst.' ', , A somewhat extraordinary robbery is men tioned in a Cape of Good Hope journal of the 15th .February :—' About eleven o'clopk on Monday evening, in the temporary absence of. E. W. Von Witt, the nnhlin executioner, some thief entered the room which he at present, occupies in Cblesberg, and stole therefrom a quantity of wearing apparel and other articles, including the black uniform coat, leather belt and large bowie-knife usually worn by Von Witt when engaged in his professional duties.' A case of some importance to persons who endeavor to carry on the business of publicans through the names of other persons, came be fore the bench at Buninyong on Tuesday, wherein the inspector of Buninyonshire,- Mr Drew, laid an information against one Randall, for soiling without a license. It appeared from the evidence of the inspector, .as reported by the Star, that a notice of application appeared in the Buninyong newspaper for a license for one Smeddle. Subsequently, when the application came before the bench, the defendant appeared and obtained a license as agent for Smeddle. The inspector received the fee from defendant and forwarded a license from the Treasurer to William Smeddle, who upon receipt returned the license, repudiating the same. Doouments were put. in by defendant to show his agency, but the bench remarked that the name no doubt was lent for a purpose, and what that purpose was was only too apparent. The bench would therefore inflict a fine of £5, and £1 Is costs, or fourteen days' imprisonment. The following return Bhows the number of letters, packets, and newspapers received at and despatched from Victoria, per P. and O. Royal Mail steamships, during the month of March, 1868 : — Despatched per Bombay, 42,033 letters, 508 packets, 46,354 news papers; received per Avoca, 46,583 letters, 2174 packets, 107,789 newspapers ; despatched per Geelong, 44,955 letters, 480 packets, 58,707 newspapers. ' Total, 133,571 letters, 3162 packets, 212,850 newspapers. On the subject of the gold-fields at the Cape of Good Hope, 'A Christian minister in. the Transvaal' writes to the Colesberg Advertiser ; — 'Some of your readers may perhaps ask why, if there be such marvellous treasures in Moselekatze's country, why have not former travellers brought the joyful news to us. Leaving the question of the difference betweon the common traveller and the keen, well trained scientific eye of our worthy German naturalist (Herr Mauch), it is right for me distinctly to state that the Matebele.and Mos hona ore extremely jealous, and seem to be fully alive to the consequences should the white man discover the golden nest. For no sooner does a white traveller present himself on Moel sekatze'a1 border than he is taken up by some twenty Matebele and oohveyed directly to the great chief ; never is any one allowed to go where he pleases, not even tho resident mis sionary ; and these sable guardian- angels stick to the stranger's heels until he has -left their confines. Herr Mauch had the greatest diffi culty to steal away from their eagle eyes ; and they continually asked him, * What are you looking for? Here is your way, get along.' It was only by the help of a potty Moshona chief, whom he had amply to reward, that he succeeded to accomplish what he did. As soon as he commuuicated tlio facts to his fellow travellor, Mr Hartley, tho elephant-hunter, the latter spanned in his waggon and drove away for fear of losing his neok. In vain did Herr Mauch entrea.fc his companion to delay a few I days, promising him two or three pounds weight of gold-dust; but Mr Hartley was deaf, thinking his life was of more value. And let this be a warning to any party who -may wish to gather a golden harvest, to go in sufficient number, and prepare for what . awaits them. I must moreover state that the tsetse abounds in many parts Of the auriferous grounds j and the yellow-fever in the summer season — bo that every care is needed, and medical means must be devised. The country is : generally well watered, and game of every description may be shot for food. Herr Mauch is now on his way to Natal to, fetch his scientific instruments and other provisions. In Maroh next (D.V.) he intends to start, again for the interior, and ia willing ho bring any party to the gold-fields on their own responsibility ; from thence his marching orders go across the yet-undiscovered portions of tho interior. I understand .that the Transvaal Government are about to take some steps in order to give protection to parties who wish to place them-, selves under their care. It seems then that the times are at hand when a way will be made in the desert, and the dark places of the land be opened; for when the rush for the ? diggings' comes, it will , revolutionise all sur rounding native tribes and break through every obstacle ; and though many a one's bones will bleach in the desert, yet We shall see changes as great as those in California and Australia ; and the Transvaal territory will yet become one of the most fertile, influential and popu lous dependencies of South Africa. May this be to the glory of God and the good of men.' From a letter received by the steamer which arrived from Adelaide, Thursday, we learn that Mr Coppinhad been pronounced out of danger by the medical gentlemen who were in attend ance on him, although it would be a considera ble time before he was again able to resume his professional duties. By the last , mail, Mr Coppin reoeived from Messrs Dickens, and Wilkie' Collins a copy of the dramatised version of ^'-No Thoroughfare.' The new theatre at Adelaide is to open on Easter Monday; in the meanwhile, business at the town hall had been very indifferent. 