PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH OF SOUTH AUSTRALIA. The annual meeting of the Presbytery was held in Chalmer's Schoolroom, North- terrace, on Tuesday. May 5, the Rev. John Anderson, Moderator, in the chair. The meeting was opened with the usual devotional exercises. _ Commissions ware read from various Sessions appointing representative Eldeis for the ensuing 12 months. The Treasurer's accounts w? re read, showing a balance of about £31 in favor of the Pres bytery Fund. The Modebatob then delivered a valedictory address, in which he congratulated the Presby tery on the progress which hail been made during the past year, and nominated as his successor the Key James Gordon, of Crawler, who. with the concurrence of the brethren, at once took the chair. Mr. Murray was re-elected Treasurer. The Committee appointed to confer ?ith the Rev. John Macbean aad the congregation of In verbraclrie reported '.hut they held a meetiug with t em of am- >st satisfactory character; that the minister and people ha>l ezp eased a s rong desire to be connected with this Presbytery, and had signed a document, a copy of which was embodied in the re|K>rt, expressive of their hearty approval of the basis of union, and of their readiness <o conform to the rules of the Church. Th<\- report recommended that Mr. Macbean be at once received into his church- It was moved by Mr. HaISING and seconded by slr. • iardner, that the report be adopted, and that Air. Macbean be at ?•uce received, and the motion was car icd unanimously. At t*>is point the Presbytery engaged in devotional exercises conducted by Mr. ELuuing. Mr. Macbean having signed the formula, was kindly welcomed by the Moderator, and received the right hand of fellowship. Mr. Mac<?an addressed the Presbytery in a few suitable remarks expressive of the delight which < c felt in the important relationship ho had just form d. * The Committee appointed to communicate with other Churches on the subject of the visits of FLM. ships of war to the Australian colonies, and on >he uracttre of opening th.se vessels to the public for ins|iection on the Lord's Day, submitt d a draft of a letter which had been forwarded to the Moderators of I'resbyteiian Churches in Victoria, New South Wales, and Queensland, and to the Pr<-£by cry of Tasmania The report was approved, a d the Oommitiee was instructed to continue its labors. Memorials from <he congregations of Clare and Ettrick, paying that Churches should be formed in those plac*, were received. 7he Pr-sbytery expressed its high satisfac tion in the desire contained in those memorials to enjoy the full advantages of Church mem bership Messrs. Davidson and Law were ap pointed to take the necessary steps to form Churches in those places respectively. Mr. GARDNER intimated that he was about to proceed to Tasmania and stated the arrange ments he had made for his various services during the |>eriod of his absence. The Presbytery cordially sanctioned the ar rangements which Mr. Gardner had made, and wished him God speed, and empowered him to represent this Church at the aunual meetings of Church Courts in the other c-lonies which he might have an opportunity of attending. Mr. J. H. Gordon read an essay on "The argument for ihe existence of God from de sign," which was cordially approved of by the Presbytery and sustained. Messrs. Anderson and M chic were appointed to examine him on Hodge's "Outlines of Theology" and Latin. Mr. Roddick intimated that there was a young man, uobert Mitchell, connected with his congregation, who was desirons to devote himself to the work of the ministry, and who had already made some progress in die s'udy of Lain and theology. It was unanimously re solved to receive him as a student of the Church, and Messrs. Anderson and Michie were ap pointed to prepare subjects of examination for him at the next meeting. After engaging in <ievotional exercises, the Presbytery adjourned till the evening. In the evening a meeting was held in St. Andrew's Church, Wakefield-street There was a moderate attendance. The proceedings were commenced by singing and the reading of the fourth chapter of the Epistle to the Kphesians, after which the Eev. John Gardner engaged in prayer. The Rev. Jakes Gordon then delivered a brief address upon the subject of home missions. He prefaced his remarks by stating that in London, out of two millions of people, only half a million were to be found in places of worship on the Lord's day, and the average was about the same in all the large town? in Great Britain. He believed, however, that in these colonies there was a far smaller propor tion of what Dr. Chalmers had called the "out field imputation." The number was nevertheless great, an l missions were required to bring them under the rule of God. The question, then, was how were they to accomplish this, and what were the best agencies to employ to ensure suc cess. Hitherto the work had l>een left in the hands of the city missionary; but in his opiniom it could be best dealt wUh by the Church through its pastors and )>eople. He -would not interfere with the city missionary, but assist him in his labors in the vast fields of corruption and death which were on all hands. He had nothing new to propose fur the accomplishment of this work, liut let pa--tors, in conjunction with some suitable members of their flocks, se ect & dis trict;, and undertake the work in a godly spirit. There was a difficuly in getting Church mem bers to undertake sncli duties, but the difficulty was less in towns th in in country districts, for whe c sin was greatest, Christians were most earnest, and evil ani its antidote were to be found fd? by side. He alluded to the many discouragements encompassing mission work, but urged them not to allow any thoughts of failure to keeptnem from doing what th- y could in that way. He said he had established a Mission in Gawler to visit the houses of the sick and the poor, and he found that the duties it entailed were amongst the most pleasing iv his position as a Christian Minister. It was not, however, a thing to speak about, but to do ; and he hoped that they would make it a matter of action, and that both pastors and people would try to overtake the work. The Rev. JOHN Akdebsun said the subject placed in his hands wa , *' The Sabbath —its Dutd'-K, Objections, and Privileges ;" but he felt that he could not do justice to it, as it had only r cently been put into his hands, As an institution of God, cuming with his com mand, there was a binding obligaton upon them to regard the Sabbath. It had been called a. Jewish institution, but he denied that, as it had l?en appointed by the Almighty long before a Jew was born. It was as old as Creation itself, though it had been renewed at Mount Sinai, and urged upon the attention of the Jewish Church. With regard to the duties of the Sabbath he need not say much, as they all knew what they were. It had its own peculia- duties and religious observances, and every true child of G >d was glad at heart when it returned time after time. None who knew the privileges of toe Sab hath-day would forego them; foretastes as they were of the Eternal Sabbath to be enjoyed hereafter by Ihe children of God. They had heard some pertinent remarks upon home missions, and he hoped they would con aider them well, and that all who called them selves disciples of the Lord Jesus Christ would stand forward as living apostles in that work. He deplored the want of zeal on the part of professing Christians, and expressed his belief that if they were only more observant of their duties, their sanctuaries would present far dif ferent scenes from what they at present too often manifested. The Rev. J Hemjebsqs then read the fol lowing address = -.... "The Bul'jo^t which has been assigned to me is * Presbyti'rianisin, its nature, adaptations, and claiiD?,' and in speaking npon it for a. few minut*, I desire iha ihe law of charity may govern my thoughts and words, and while -eek iag (o set in ordei some of the things conce n ingourecciesirtS'ical polity which are m<wt cer tainly believed among us. I desire to do so in no other spirit thau that of sincere respect for other branches of the Christ an Church. Grace, mercy and peace be multiplied aliundan ly to all who love the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity and in truvh. So far from being an_ invidious pro celur<-, it seems right and Citing th?t on an occa ion like the pr.seut the characteristics of our polity should claim some share nf our atten ti -n • and certain'y neither in the pulpit nor on tbe platform can it be charged up?n us that we are given to self-assertion or to an undue ob trusion of the peculiariies or tradi'ion of our Church. X, however, we helieve tiiat our ecclesiastical sy?tem ib sanctioned and distinctly traced in outline in the Word of God—if with any measure of filial grati ? ude we remember the struggles of our ancestry in conservating and transmitting intact the elements of our polity it ought not to be at unequal and distant inter vals that vre expound 'be principles of Pres byterians <r borrow the language of apology in doing so. It wi'l present itself in the light of an impera'fre duty—a duty we owe to tbe Church willi which we are connected—to all those with wiioin we differ—to onrselv?s—and, •bore all, to the Great Head of the Church— Dot only to bold fast that which -we have n. ceived, bat to avail ourselves of all legitimate occasions of holding forth to others, in a • leax and intelligible manner, the polity of a Church, scriptural in her doctrine, ap stulic in her cons'itution, and primitive in her discipline. Presbyterianisin occupies a. middle ground be tween Prelacy or Kpiscopacy on the one hand, and Independency on the other. It is th? doctrine of Hpiscopacy that there are <hrea orders in the Christian ministry, viz , Deacons, Presbyters or Klders, and Bi-hop. The Bishop only has the rigbt to ordain and confirm; ho has the general supervision of a diocese, has ihe chief administration of spiritual dJEraplina, and has included in himself all the rights and powers of the subordinate clergy. It is the theory of Independents that each' Church or congregation is entrusted with its own govern ment, and that government is conducted not by the office-! ?arers alone as its representatives, but by the office-bearers and congregation con jointly. Judicial functions are exercised hy all the members—the old as well as the young —the inexperienced as well as the most mature and patriarchal Between these two Presby 'erianism holds its position, affirming on the oiie hand 'hat si- cc the Apostles Lift the scene the Word of God recognises no office-bearer above that of a teaching rider, and on (he other maintaining that the government of the Church is committed, not to the members collectively, but to chosen office-beart-rs spoken of in Sc ipture as Elders or Pres yters. Another office is indeed clearly indicated in Scripture \- he office of Deacon ; but as almost all sections of the Christian Church recognise this office, though -hey may differ in res|?ct to ibe nature of its functions, we shall not further allude to it at present, bat proceed to trace out the leading and more dis'inctive features of Presby terianism, and—L The people, the members of the Church. They are not a promiscuous body- a mere crowd driven together by acrid nt or impulse—but associated together from the high motive of love to <lirist, seeking mutual ediricaitioD and cv-operation. They aiea select or chosen compani—sain a rr holy persons— who are not admitted to their position as mem bers of the Church until they have given satis factory evidt-nve, both -f their knowledge uf the Gospel and of their faith in Jesus and obedi ence to him. While the Presbyterian Church maker no prehensions to ascertaining infallibly the moral ?nd idigious sate of men's souls; while we make no p-etension of bavine in our exclusive possession a crucible which enables us with unfaili'g accuacy to detect the spurious and to r cognise ihe true—y. twe do require that tie members • f onr < burcb should ]KW*e.-? an intelligent acquaintance -ith the truths and •loctrines of Uod'a Word, and give evidence bya life and conversation becoming its highandbxily teachings. Thus acknowledged; they have their -Hotted plsxe as mem- en in the Church, they have respunsinili y -which they cannot forego, and priv leges which are inalienable because sai red. Whatever may be their differ ences in attainment, i<> education, or social posi tion, as members of tfa - Church, they stand upon the same level, enjoying the same privi eges, claiming the same rights, and bowing to the tame law of responsibility. Without recog nising authority external to -hemselves, ti<ey are at full liberty to maintain ordinances, and to cfaoos- hy a free and unfe tered suffrage, aide ect their office-bearers of eve-y giade. In al things affecting their internal uianagement —'heir internal schemes and organisations— Presbytetira congrega. ions are as free as the most ardent Congregi iona'ist cou'd desire. IL With respect to uffic • bearers, it is the doc tiine of the PreKbyterian Church that the New Testament clearly shows that these office bearers were of two orders—the Presbyter and Deacon. The d<gmaof atbiid order— ihe Bishop—with official jurisdiction over subor dinate office-hearers, aud with the exclusive right of ordination, confiruiation, and discipline, is a dogma which we believe has no foundation in the word of God. It is true we find the three titles of office in the New Testament. We there read of Bishops, Presbyters, and Deacons. We have the three names. Havewa not the three orders ? A very slight examina tion shows that two of the names belong to one order, and that Bishop and Presbyter are titles used interchangeably in tlie New Testa ment. Take an example—Paul, in journeying to Jerusalem, sent for the Elders of Uphesns to meet him at Miletus, and be exhorted those Klders 'to feed the Church of God over which the Holy Ghost had made them Bishops — rendered in our translations overseers (Acta 20 17). The same persons designated Elden in the 17th verse of the 20th chapter of the Acts are designated Bishops in the 28'h verse, and how could it be made more manifest that the two designations respected me class ol office-bearers. Again we find in Titos, 1 chap. sto 7 verse, Paul saying to Titus—' For thu cause left I thee in Crab-, that thou shonldesl set in order the things that are wanting, and ordain Elders in every city, as I had appointed thee. If any be blameless, the husband of oue wife, having faithful children, not accused of riot or unruly. For a, Bishop must be blameless, ai the steward of God. 9 Here we have indie one verse a requirement to ordain EMers, in the next verse their requisite qualifications, and in the verse succeeding a reason why c eh qualifi cations were to be demanded of them, 'for a Bishop must he blameless.' It will be observed that the term Klderused at the commenc -went is exchanged for the term Bishop at the con clusion while the same office-bearer ii spoken of. An Elder must have such aud such qualifications. "Why? Becanse a Hi bop must be blameless as the steward ol God, Does not this shov that the office of Elder and Bishop are identical. That Eldei and Bishop sue designations of the same office, and convertible terms, is the belief of the Pres byterian Church. With res ect to tliatordet of officebearers, from which our Church derives its name. PreAyten, or Elders, the New Testa ment affords full and varied instruct on. In the recorded transactions ?>f the Apostolic Church, aud in the Epistles of the Apostles, we mark a distinction clearly traced between two classes of Presbyters—the teaching Elder and 'he ruling Elder. We read of Eiders who 'rule.' and of E<ders who, in addition to ruling, ' labor in word and do trine' We find in every church planted by tht A]<ostleg a plurality of Elder.-, and that in no instance it an organise I congregation placed under the ministry of a single Elder. We find no trace ol such a thing as pre-eminence or prelacy of one office-bearer invested with jurisdiction ovei others. The Mew Testament, as we have just stated, indicates in various passages that while all HI 'era were rulers, only some uf tbem taugbt publicly, so that a distinction existed among them of teaching and ruling EMers. In the Epistle to the Romans (Koiu xii.,6,8) —'Having, then, gifts differing according to the grace that is given unto us, whether prophecy, let us prophecy according to the proportion of faith ; or ministry, let us wait on our ministry ; or ha that teacheth, on teaching; or he that erhortetb on exhortation. Be that giveth, let him do it ?vitb simplicity. He that ruleth with diligence; he that sheweth mercy with cheerfulness.' No candid reader can follow this train con jointly with the Apostle's allusion to die members of the human body, without percei- ing that the persons spoken of here are represented am having distinct offices, like ibe members of ihe bo-ly, and are cautioned againt-t making ihe difference be'ween them, an occasion of vain-glorious strife. Be that ruleth is a member of Christ's mystical body, bold ing a distinct office —an offic which may be held separately from other tiffieea, and be onsht not in consequence of any views enter tained as to its relative importance either to despise others or be despised by them. A passage s ill more dedsiveis that of 1 Tim. v. 17 —' liet the Elders that rule well be counted worthy of double honor, especially they who labor in word and doctrine.' It is to he re marked that in this passage Klders are spoken of as a class comprehending all Presbyters, and that from this class of the same offic -bearers the term 'specially' singlesouta Belectportion distinguished by a. specified peculiarity—some taught, some ruled. They all ruled, but they did not all teach, and those who taught—that is, those who labored in word and doctrine—were to be acconnte • worthy of double honor. If it be allowed, then, that the Primitive Churches under the direction of .the apostles bad Elder* appointed to rule, and Kldere appointed both to rule and to teach, we are inclined to believe tiiat, adhering to the Presbyterian form of Church polity as at present constituted, we are only standing fast in the Apostle's doctine—a doc trine not merely taught in their epistles, but evidently illustrated m their practice. But once more. That the Elders nppointed in ihe Apostolic Churches were not all teaching Elders appears from their number. Every Church planted by the Apostles, however poor and email, had a company of Elders, and the sup position that they were all instructors is attended with inseparable difficulties. There were a plurality of EMers in the Church at Jerns.Jejn.iit Kphesus, atPhili|ipLWeread that Paul an ? Barnabas ordained Klders (not Elder) in ?>very city. If ihey all t ugbt, if all the Elders referred to were public in 6 motors, where w?s theie rom for that exhaustive labor to which reference is somt-tiiiiea ma-'e by the founts of the Christian Church ? If all enght, where was there room or stipe for the xercise if their gifte? And with twelve, si', or even three teaching Klde? piace<l over a handful of people there would have he' nan example of improvidence—a waste of mean? which is now ere else to be met with in the Divine administration. A plurality of Elders in each congregation we can understand when their functions are to rule, but when it is affirmed, as it is by Independent brethren, that the Elders referred to taught, confusion seems to settle down upon both the teaching and the procedure of the Apostles. Nothing is more clearly made known than that in the early Church a plurality of Uders wa? ordained, and when this was effected in any particular Church that Church seems to have been completely organised or furnished with everything in point of external arrangement which the Spirit of God judged necessary to the edification of its members These rulers being appointed, it follows that they must have possessed the power of meeting together and adopting such meatf-ires as were agreeable to the mind of Christ for the edification of his body ; and thus was formed an X derebip; thus sprung U|. in the Apostolic Oburch that, which we he>e thi? day humbly hope to call into existence among oar ?dm—a session to whioh belong the govern ment of a pa. titular congregati n -of tuis cou gregatiou. 11L We have neeu therefore hjw Sis ion* sprung up aud wore constitu ed in the Primitive <Jhuicu. The rise and ntcogmtio .ot Presbyteries is also dearly indicated in the New Testament. As the Church increased, aa congregation after cougregaiiou arose, each with respective equipmeius of leacuiug aud ruling Elders, tver did not ron^e themsel.ea as sepa rate and altogether independent, with no bond of connection recognised .auong them. Our reading of the Word teaches us that the very opposite of this was the case. Among those separate congregations a bond of union subsisted. They were one body, and are presented to view as the Church of God in the particular city or district of country in which they were planted. Unable to assemble or worship within the same walls, or under the same roof, they were still one Church, and the unity of their fellowship was maintained and manifested by the joint meetings of their Elders to superintend their common concerns. Here, then, we have the principle of I'resbyteriiUi Church government in alt its scriptural simpli city—oi organise 1 Eldership or a numoer of congregations united and forming one Ouurch. We nave an example and illustiatiun of tliese views in the Oouua. meeting which is recordel in the xv. ctup. of tue Acts ot the Apostles. This Council or Synod, as we redd, assembled to consider a reference from the Church at Antioch, in whicu Paul and Barnabas were representatives, and the decision of which Council or Synod was binding on all the Churche-. In ihis case there wer-, no doubt, specialities arising from the presence there of exrairdinary roleis ; "Ut setting all its spe cialities aside, this recorded instance of toe Pri-nitive Church government clearly suows that the Cmuchea then existing were in a state of union, that their union was evinced by a joint meeting of their Elders to deliberate about their coniinou affairs; tuat they met by dele gation; tiiat a case was brought for considera tion and ju tginent from a small r to a greater meeting of Jdders. That a judgment or 'decree' was passed (not by Apostolic autho rity, but re ulc of free discussion), and that all the churche * were bound 'in the Lord' to submit to that decree. These are the elements of that subordination of Ses sions to Presbyteries, land of Presbyteries to Synods and Assemblies, which characterised that Presbyterian Church to which we belong. ""It is net pretended that the minutiae of the system are detailed with particularity in ihe word of God. It is principle and example rather than detail which Christ has given to guide his Church in matters of government, and any particular form of gover m.ntTs to be re ceived or rejected a wording sit agrees or dis agrees with what he ha? spoken. Here, then, we have an outline of Church government founded on the word of God, in which the rulers are not law-givers but simply administrators, and which is applicable to any Church, whether large or small! proving itself an instrument of unity and order, while, at the same time, \- it secures the rights and liberties of the obscurest individual. It contains provisions which are admirably fitted on the one hand to prevent the restless and ambitious from attain ng an in fluence adverse to edification, and, on the other, to protect the timil ana retiriuj from injury or oppression. Any member of a Pres byterian Uuurcu, howev?r poor, miy by the power of appeal wh eh is his rigut. have the judgment of the whota Church, through her united Eldership—through the men, namely, whom the Church n her several congregations has chosen to rule over her, because she con fides in their piety and prudence—may have the judgment of such men, we say, ou any point which aggrieves him, whether in doctrine, or in discipline, or in gov roment. Such is a brief sketch of the Presbyterian Church. We think it Scriptural. We believe it to be good. It is equitable and compact — orderly and -?ell-balanced — adequate for any work, and sufficient for all interests. The authority it cairns is love in c ercise. not authority displayed The rulers have no do miniou over the faith of the people, but they are helpers of their joy ; anil the very design of the system is to render oppression impossible and to secure the just liberties of aIL This rorm of government is favorable to sound doctrine. The provision tnat any member of the ijhurch may bring any error or any offence before the notice of its highest Court—there expoie it to the public gaze, procure its conJemn&tion; —places both truth aud morals under the safe keeping of the entire community. It is friendly to education, for its members must be in-tructed in that knowledge which inaketh truly wise, and education in its highest f ? rins is a talent which he Church requires. It is friendly to national libcity. To the misguided Queen Mary of Scotland the freedom of Ass -mblies was adeepandever-f retting annoyance. She schemed, she plotted, she maneuvered to fetter and silence them, but Knox's -agle glance detected every intrigue, aud his well-known retort shows his estimate ? f ths danger. ' Take from us the liberty of Assemblies, and you take from us tue GospeL Presbyterianism, with its freedom of utterauce, with its unity of organization, with its well balance 1 powers, aud atwr- all, with its entrenchments deeply laid in the verities of God's Word, has ever been the offence and the terror of despotic kings, tyrannic Parliaments, or servile Assemblies. Again and again has it fought the battle of freedom, and in t ie Council Chamber, and on the floor of Parliament, and on the battle-tented field it has many a time fought and vanquished the emissaries of op pression. It his been defended and illus trated in the writings of m-n of profoundest genius and learning; by men of the most com manding eloquence; by men of the most daunt less heroism. Many a moor of the purple heather of Scotland, many a darksome glen, many a mountain pass, can bear wituess at want a sacri fice of blood our forefathers contrn lei for ihe Hghts and liberties of their ciuntry and this Church; and what truops of noble-mindei loving-hearted men were raised up in successive •ras to maintain the contest, until every oppres sive measure was neutralise I, and our rights and privileges placed upon a basis as immutable as truth. Knox Melville, Henderson uutherford, Erskine, Gillespie—each man in himself a host, and tue influence of whose •Jiaracter and wiit inga is destined to live for ever. Our Presby terian Church is friendly to all who hold the Head Christ, and to every Church that is a faithful witness for the truth. But the Presby terian Church is far from being a perfect Church. She may be Scriptural in her eccle siastical polity; but we have not forgotten the voice of its Heal —' Not by might uor by power, but my Spirit, saith the Lo d.' Cur Church may be fashioned to the minutest parti cular to th* pattern shadowed forth iv Scrip ture ; bnt all will be naught aid in vain unless quickened by the Spilt—unless made the ehanuel through which fi>w the waters of life. Aa a lamp witnout oil, so is the Ch uch without the Spirit. What would have been the temple of old be eft of the <>lory which shone between the cherubim ? And the blessing will come if we earnestly seek it. A praying people is ever strung; a praying Church is ever safe. Le us wrestle and we shall prevail; let us plead the promise and it ahall descend in a plenteous lain." Mr. MtCHIt spoke upon "The Claims of Foreign Missions." After alluding to his love fox -ni?sonary work, he referred to it as a plan bid out by the Almighty for the enlightenment and salvation of the human race. The work had been commenced by the Apostles, and the Christianity of the present day was the result of their labors. Only the other day they we c told iv a review in on? of the papers, on one of works, that missions as a rule had not produced results. The reviewer quoted these words as proceeding from Max Muller. but it seemed strange that such a man could make a statement like that to thi world; and without any wish to discredit the rev ewer, he could scarcely be lieve that the learned German had -ent forth ?uch a chip from h a literary workshop. Chris tian missions had always been productive, and even at the present day it would be difficult to find one that had not produced results. living atone said that Christianity had done more for the African race than Mohammedanism ever had or could do. There were at the present time 230,000 professing Christians in Africa.—and was not tha- a result? In the South Pacific the number was about the same—and was not tha,' & result? In India th-re were 129.000 Protestant Chri'tiMis, which might be regarded as a great result when comp red with the num -er of missionaries at work there. Taking the whole field of missionary enterprise, more than a million souls had been rescued from heathen darkness and brought into the glorious light of the Gospel—and was not that a result ? The work would go on, and Christianity would increass. It was also said that missions were not only useless, but uncalled for; but he conld not believe tbat the ivligion of the heathen would ever give peice. To believe (hat they must reject their Bible; for did, nor Chri?t says—" Go firth and te<ch all nations." He then spoke of the resiMjnsihilities of mis sionary work which attached t • the Christian Ohu eh and to individuals, and afterwards referred to tho mission in the New Hebrdes and made a • earnest appeil to bis hearer to contribute towariUthe ?upi>?rt of the Presby terian missionaries stationed there. A psalm was then suns and the meeting dosed. A Convict in thr Pulpit —A clergyman of the Cfanrch of England ni left by the death of tim relative* the List of his family, and, resolv ing to emigrate to America, took ship, with his ?worldly effect*, to end his days with preaching ihe Gospel • here. A convir.t, leaving his country for bis country's good, in the came ship, con dealing his true character, became intimate wiih the clergyman. On the passage, however, the latter took sick, was nursed assidiously by the other, and dying left all his effects, sermons, tatters, and testimonials, to the unknown nurse. Upon arriving safe in America the convict assumed the name of the deceased, and present ing the letters and credentials of the departed to the Bishop, was invited to preach, which he did. using one of the s-nnons he had inherited, and was calle<l to a chmch wh?re he officiated acceptably fur several years. The truth woul>) BOt have heen discov-rel had not the wretched tapoctar divulged it on his deathbed. 