MINISTERIAL DRAMATIC CLUB. "We are all actors. I am an actor; the hon. member is an actor."—PRING. ONE of the most attractive exhibitions during the stay of the Prince will be the pantomime 4c, to be performed by the members of thfr Ministry before the children of the colony. The -TNjenery has been painted by Mr. Fitz gerald, and the castpof the piece, and the in vention of various new Bcenes and fibs, Bare been left to Mr. Walsh. The following is understood to be the pro gramme :— The Celebrated Pantomime of * MOTHER GOOSE AND HER HAPPY FAMILY; fr j~* OR , *" r J Who Shall Have thb Golden Egg. The Mother Mr. Mackenzie. * r Harlequin ... Mr. Pbing. Family... \ i?° wn,. - M. r' Falksb. '* J j Columbine" ... Mvi Lamb. (. Pantaloon ... Mr. Walsh. The Goose Mr. Sandbman. a The Golden Egg, " Paßtoral Leases Bill." *jjjt Song, " Out of Season" ... Mr. Mtlne. . Ifci (To the air of "Nix My Dolly Pals.") Deusex Machina Walsh. Scenes in various parts pf the colony: Bur rumgrab, Qie-us-mair, Bmrro-an-do-em, 4c. Attendant Hobgoblins, Scene-shifters, 4c.: Sagitarius, Boyds, Fitz Simon, 4c. The Goose will be killed and the Golden Egg seized by the demon Walsh, The whole piece will follow as strictly as possible^ the original produoed-at Drury Lane. An amusing scene will show Palmer in his funniest style laying on the. table of the .House a mutilated Executive Minute by Maosßster, Bowen, and Buckingham, giving WalsJP'and himself the rank of private gentlemen.. - . * Mr. Walsh will show the grip on introducing St. Nicholas and his Knights, represented by Piior, Fitz, and Wildass. "A Youth missed by his Mamma,-" mildly sung by Mr. Norton. Afterpiece : FAUST (newly adapted): -?' Faust, as Henry ... ' ... Mr. Fitzgebald. ' Margaret ... ... ... Miss Lamb. Mephistophiles Mr. St. Demok;'" Jewels in a casket, " The Pastoral Leases BilL" " Thb Best Substitute job Sn.vra.*-*L Gow. . What piece of carpentry becomes s gem as soon as it is finished ?—A-gate. v The art of book-keeping taught jn one short and easy lesson.—Never lend them. How do you arrive at the height of a churcbi'steeple on a hot day ?—Per-spire. Why is a prosy, long-winded talker like an oil-well? —Because it is a precious bore. Abtfitl—veby!—Mary: "Don't keep aft 1 ecreougin' o 1 me, John !" John: Wh' oibean't I a sereougin' on yer!" Mary (ingenuously): ' " Well, y' can i' y' like, John!" ; " Would you not, Sir, start, as Mr. GarfiaF* does, if you saw a ghoßt ?" said Jemmy Boswell to Samuel Johnson. " I hope not, replied Johnson; "if I did, I should frighten^tip ghost." , Eyes and Lamps.—A shoemaker with oxo eye complained that one of his lamps did no£ born. One of his shopmates, who is a genuine ! son of the Emerald Isle, with astonishment ex claimed, " Faith and what do you want of twM lamps ? Ye haven't but one eye." * | Severe. —Elderly equestrian: " Good morn ing, Kitty. Are you riding without a groom? I should not like to do so!" Kitty: "Why not, aunty, dear ? You are quite old enoughto take care of yourself!" • V ! Coukssllob Rudd, of the Irish bar, was ! equally remarkable for his love of whist and the dingy color of his linen. "My dearDiok," said Curran to him one day, " you can't think how puzzled we are to know where you buy all ! your dirty shirts." "I am glad,"said a missionary to«£*lndian chief, " that you do not drink whisky^ but it grieves me to find that your people us> fco much lof it." —" Ah, yes," said the red man, and he fixed an expressive eye upon the preacher, which communicated (he reproof before he | uttered it; "we Indians use a great deal of , whisky, but we do not make it." The people of Java must have rather a lively time of it. According to the latest official statistics contained in the Tijdschrift vor Neder landsch Java, the tiger Has in one single year consumed exaotly 148 human beings, and ia , another year, 131. The crocodiles cleared an average of 50 people a year, while serpents ac-" ' counted for between 22 and 43. ; But Fbench ob Pabib was to Hih Uk known. —Uncle : " Well, Joe, •- hoatildid you like Paris?" Travelled Nephew: <7Oh, uncle, we lived 'ong Prawnce,' I can tell youl" Uncle (astonished) : " Lived on prawns ? (Nephew repeats his assertion.) Then ail Lean say is, I'm glad I wasn't o' the party. «§PSat's | butcher's meat so dear, then ?" [As Jotf stift: " What's the good of, talking French to »uci%n ignorant old buffer as he ?"J " '" 1 The Abt of Bobbowing.—" Mj^dear," asked^ a young Paris lady of a female friend, " do you believe that miserly X. would lend me three • : thousand francs?" X. was the name of a well* known sporting man. "It depends on chance," was the answer. " How shall I set about it ?" • " Take a pen and write : —' My Dear Alfredl^ I i have been disappointed in the receipt of some money this morning. Could you bring me this evening three thousand francs, and at the same time carve a pheasant I have just received ?— Ernestine.' "And do you believe when the letter is sent that I shall have my money ?" . " With that note, my dear, you'll not get any money." " Why did you make me write it ?" ; Because it was necessary that a first note should i precede a second; do you understand ?" " No.'i "Take your pen." "What! write again?" " Three lines only —' Mj Dear Alfred, think of my note as not sent. Just after I ka4» des patched it I received my money. -Don't iforget,' to come and sup with me. The'phea sant is superb.'" This letter was sent like the first. " Now see what will happen," said the lady friend; " Alfred will feign not to have re ceived your second letter, and will make a show of generosity when he thinks you want no | money. «4Che rest is with yourself." All was executed* according to form, the sporting man gallantly offered three thousand francs, con vinced they would not be accepted ; but to bis horror the lady quietly pocketed the money. 