CURRENT TOPICS. The Argus saysSeveral rumours have been in circulation during the last few days relative to an alleged split in the Ministry, and the resignation of Mr. M'Culloch. That the Ministiy is a particularly happy family no one for a moment supposes, since it would he ridiculous to expect accord amongst such incongruous materials." On .the contrary, it is notorious that what are termed " the new men" are principally en gaged. in plotting against each other. There is, however, no truth whatever in the report that Mr M'Culloch contemplates a visit to England, nor does he at present, we arc happy to say, intend t? resign the chief position in the Ministry in frvour of either Mr Jones or Mr G. P. Smith—the ■ two ardent aspirants lor the office. A meeting of the Regatta Committee will he hehl this evening at the Victoria Hotel, when .a good attendance is anti cipated. A meeting has.been convened for Friday afternoon at four o'clock, when those favourable to making a presentation to Or. Reid are invited to attend. • The Ballarat Spring Meeting will com mence this - day, when doubtless many Geelongese; will take advantage of . the excursion trains to visit the city of golden memories. \ . ' _ ■ •At the Shire Council of Corio, held yesterday, at the Duck Ponds, in addition to the usual routine business, the members I of the respective ridings were appointed a j public works committee. These gentlemen intend commencing their duties by pro ceeding through the shire during the j month, with the view of ascertaining the nature and extent of the works necessary | to he executed during the year. This step is preparatory to fixing the rate for the I year. The finance committee of the past year were re-appointed. An old man, named William Jierestord, i who was a patient in the Geelong Hospital, I suffering from a large cancer in the leg, died yesterday, while under - the effects of chloroform, administered to him prior to an .operation for amputating his leg being | commenced. An inquest is to be held at two o'clock to-day, at the Hospital, by Dr I Ridley, the Drysdale Coroner, Dr Forster Shaw, the District Coroner, being present, and taking part in the operation. A tea meeting, in connection-with the Chnrch of England at Duck Ponds, was held on Tuesday evening, the object being to obtain funds to clear oft a small debt amounting to about £8 due upon the school-room. There was a good attendance and everything went oft" nio3t satisfactorily. The Rev. F. Smith, incumbent, was in the chair, and among those present were the Rev. A»tley Cooper and Mr A. It. Reed, of Geelong. The object of the meeting was accomplished; At the meeting of the Geelong Hospital Committee yesterday afternoon a sub-com mittee was appointed to initiate and carry through the necessary arrangements and raising subscriptions to pay the expenses of Dr Reid in the late action Barnctt v Reid. A meeting has already been advertised, and from what we have heard of late there can be no doubt that the movement will be successful in every way. The crops in the neighbourhood of the Duck Ponds have proved to he almost worthless. Farmers are gathering in what little they have. Wheat, as well its oats, are being cut for hay. One farmer calcu lates that he will reap the magnificent return for a years work of five cwt to the acre. The half-yearly meeting of the members of the Mechanics' Institute Literary and Discussion Class was held last evening after the ordinary meeting of the class. Mr Traill was in. the chair, and there were about fifteen members present. The elec tion of officers resulted as followsPresi dent, Sir Thomas; Vice-President, Mr Calder ; Secretary, Mr Reeves; and Class Committee, Messrs Traill, McMasters, and Hall. A vote of thanks was accorded to the retiring officers. It was decided that the tickets for the soiree to be held on Wednesday evening next should be Is Gd. and the meeting then adjourned. ^ The whole of the land in the Duck Ponds and Bulban Farmers' Common have been taken up under the recent regulations with the exception of five allotments in the latter, which have been reserved for grazing purposes at the request of those fortunate in obtaining adjoining allotments. The Geelong College Athletic Sports took place yesterday on the Corio Cricket Ground, and were in every way a great success. The value of the prizes ottered for competition was over £30. A report will be found elsewhere. Xestcrday, at the meeting of the Bella rhic Shire Council, tenders were accepted for the leasing of the Tarious reserves for the ensuing year. With reference to Point Henry Beach reserve, the highest tender was less than one- half of what "was obtained last year, the tenderer stating that his offer was so small because there is a great quantity of travelling stock going to market continuully stopping there and feeding on the reserve, and on account of many of the farmers removing the best of the surface for the purpose of obtaining shells. Our Camperdown correspondent, under date the 1st instant, writes:—The appli were considered by the. Commissioner ap pointed for that purpose, at the land office here, this morning. The applicants were numerous, and appeared mostly to be men who really wanted land out of which to make a home. In answer to the question "Have you any family?" I -was struck with the number that were dependent on the applicant. One had thirteen children, two had eleven, and one applicant had nine boys; one applicant had already selected 40 acres under the 42nd clause in the neighbourhood of Smeaton, how he in tends to comply with the conditions of his license it is hard to say, seeing that his selections arc upwards of sixty miles apart. Each accepted applicant is required to pay to Mr Scott, the land officer, one year s rent in advance, within a week. The whole "of the applications were cousidered in about three hours; the proceedings were most orderly, and the objectors to any applicant were allowed to explain the nature of their "objection, but they were mostly of a frivolous nature. One man objected to an - applicant because his brother held some selected land. Lessees and intending selectors under the. Amending Land Act, 1SG5, are in formed, through the Gazette of Tuesday, that all allotments upon which the rents arc overdue, or upon which the improve ments required by the act have not been made, 'will be declared forfeited, and re proclaimed open for leasing at the several land offices on Tuesday, the 29th instant. Touching the paragraph in a late issue reporting the ease of a young woman with a live frog in her inside, we (Hamilton Spectator) have received the following let ter from Dr Maxwell:—'• Skipton, 23rd November, 186S. Dear Sir.—In reference to the paragraph in your issue of the 20 th •instant, respecting the case of the girl Shields, in which yon request me to for ward any further particulars of the case which might come under my observation, I may say that the case as referred to was quite correct, and was also successfully treated by me. I may also say that it is the first case of the kind which has ever come undgr.my observation.—I remain, &c;, George M4.XWJU.1,. M.D." From. what transpiipd gt ■ the meeting yesterday, it would seem that the Bdlarine Shire' Council arc, in an extremely good financial;position, quite refreshing from- its rare'occurrence among bodies of this sort. It appears that when, the Government subsidies are received, they will start the year with about £1500 in hand, a larger sum than they have ever yet commenced n year with. With a view of unburdening themselves of superfluous cash, the mem bers yesterday decided upon calling for tenders for a number of works, which will in, the aggregate amount to a good round sum, •. Tuesday's Gazette" contains a long list of allotments in' agricultural areas forfeited for non-payment ot rent, and not com plying with the provisions of the Amending Land Act of 1805. . ~ The Argus states that tlie place where the next Civil Service examination, at Bal lart,' will be held is the "Western Police Court. ■ For some time there has been a difficulty regarding the roads at Point Henry on account of some of the holders of land having placed gates across them in order to save fencing. The shire council of Bellarinc having had the matter brought under their notice, lately appointed a com mittee to enquire into it. This commit tee yesterday brought up their report re commending that all the roads he thrown open, but that, if swing gates are placed in seven places on the roads, the council should not interfere to have them rc moyed. One or two who had been the complainants in the matter stated that they would not abide by the decision of the council, and on the other aide it was asserted that the whole aflair emanated! from persoual squabbles. This was de-' nied, and one patriotic individual said his only desire was to see every Government' road in the colony thrown open.,- Not withstanding .this the report was adopted. The crops around Indented Heads are reported to be exceedingly poor this season, and many of them it is feared will not do more than pay expenses. There is no disease of any importance in the locality, and the failure is ascribed to the dry season. Rust is stated to be almost unknown any where around there. In other parts of the Bellarine district the forthcoming - harvest promises to be only of a very middling character so far as results are concerned. Hay harvest has commenced, and every where the sweet smell of new mown hay can be inhaled. It is only to be regretted, that there is not sufficient crop to -make it' pleasant to the pocket as well as to the sense. We are informed that scholars also from the Rliuder's School have been successful at the Matriculation Examination. Henry B. Allen, the second son of Mr Allen, of Moorabool-street, passed with credit, ob taining four AV's, and passing in the nine subjects. Mr O'Brien passed in seven subjects, including Latin and Greek. AVeolf Fink, who, for the last seven years has been a pupil of Mr Lennon, but who left the school five months since, i>assed. with credit, obtaining five "W's, and passing also in the nine subjects. Professor Ilalford's remedy for snake bite was successfully employed on Tuesday. It appears that in the morning a brown snake had been wounded by a porter on the Brighton Railway, and, being supposed to be dead, it was given to John Brown, the station-master at Elsternwick, at his request. The suake, however, had only ' been stunned, and when haudlcd hit Brown on the third finger of the left band. After a time the effects of the bite became apparent, and ultimately Professor Ilalford's new remedy was tried, with suc cess. Ammonia was injected into the veins early in the afternoon, and last night the sufferer was enjoying a sleep which, it was expected, would leave him so recovered as to be able so attend to his duties as usual to-day. Information has reached Melbourne, from the best authority, that the new Vic torian ironclad Cerberus was to be launched three weeks after the departure of the last mail from England. The ship is expected to be finished and ready to come out in ten months afterwards. The latest official verdict on the subject of her guns is that she will be capable of piercing with ease the strongest ironclads afloat. The Ballarat Star reports—Several bush fires were visible between Runinyong and AVarrenheip about sunset onTucsday. Our Daylcsford contemporary of Tuesday says; .—" The effects of the late hot weather are beginning to be seen in the bush fires that are springing up in different parts of the district; Yesterday, the horizon in every direction was obscured by the smoke of burning timber. Vegetation generally is so luxuriant that we may anticipate serious fires this season." The Argus states:—The Panama and Hew Zealand Company's steamship Tara rua, -which sailed on Saturday last, took away from amongst us one who will he missed. TTU departure was so unobtrusive that his friends did not know their loss till Tuesday, when the news spread. This voluntary exile from Melbourne society is stated to be Mr Henry Alexander Bruce, a civil servant in the Customs depart ment, who has achieved something of a name by his extraordinary success as an amateur actor,' and by his social accomplish ments. His abilities seem, unfortunately, to have been also directed to more objection able pursuits than playing on the stage on charitable benefit nights. He has left Melbourne so deeply involved that his unpaid .debts are said to amount to some tiling like £3000, and his fellow-clerks and closest intimates appear to be the victims. It is not known that he has carried off with him a large stock of money, but this time will show. It is thought that his capture is certain. One of his recent transactions is said to give more than colour to a criminal charge, and upon this the necessary authority has been sent from Melbourne to Sydney to an officer of police, who will proceed by the 1'. and H. Z. Company's s.s. Rakaia, which will sail to- day for Wellington, to secure Mr Bruce's re-appearance in Melbourne—tliis -ctiiKj—upon—a—uen—siage, una uerorc a less indulgent audience than he has been accus tomed to. ' He appears to have sailed with his family under the uame of Bricc. The Age "says:—" If there he a single individual who has been led astray by the Ignis Fatuus report of Ministerial changes, we will set his mind at rest. Mr M'Cul loch has not, never had, and is not likely ever to have, the slightest intention to desert his post until fairly superseded by an adverse vote on some question of Minis terial policy." A fine tract of country is reported to have been discovered near Cooper's' Creek, at the junction of the Thompson and Bar coo rivers. It is described as being well grassed and watered, in spite of the drynesz of the season. The discoverer, Mr "Wilferd, intends stocking it from Menindie, by which route he will save fifty per cent, in carriage. The Alhamhra brings files of Hew Zea land papers to the 2ath November. The Otago Daily Times says that information had been received from Port Chalmers that the Maories at the Heads, numbering sixty able-bodied men, were showing symptoms of disaffection. Both Port Chalmers and Dunedin are quite unprotected. The preliminaries had been arranged at the latter place for a public meeting for the purpose of expressing sympathy with the sufferers at Poverty Bay." The Thames goldficlds are said to have been over-rated, and speculation in mining shares there is overdone. The stcamtug Yarra had been totally wrecked at Hokitika. The Hamilton Spectator lias the following as to an entymological curiosity apparently found in that district:—"A very curious grub or chrysalis has been brought to our office, and, singularly enough, by the same scientific gentleman from whom tve first derived the information of the 'jumping frog' at Skipton. This gruh has all the i appearance of a gold nugget, and, for all one could tell, may have heen artificially gilded, but wc don't think our informant would be party to such a trick. It is as like gold as gold could be, except in the matter of weight, but this peculiarity is the least extraordinary part of the ' specimen.' On holding it up endways it presents the appearance of a woman with glistening eyes, well-shaped nose and mouth, and it has on its head what accurately represents a gold crown. The chrysiilis is now alive, and we shall be happy to show it to any inquiring entymologist. We certainly re, gard it as a curiosity." The following ghost story ,comes from New South Wales, ami is not the first of the kind that has been told in that colony. If a discovery of a. murder should shortly be made in the neighborhood of the spirit's locale, our young friends, the " Currency Lasses" and "Cornstalks," will no doubt become devout believers in the authentic character of the apparition:—" A report is current (observes the Newcastle Chronicle) "that the apparition of a woman, clothed in white has recently been seen on the Break water Beach. The object, it is said, makes •its appearance between the hours of nine and twelve at night, and has been witnessed by a number of people from the hill.: In one or two instances the spectators have descended the cliff, and gone close up to where the 'ghost' was last noticed, but, as is usually the case with ghosts, nothing whatever was to be seen. If the gBost is Tcaliy a female, we hope that in tuturc she will keep better hours." • A spectator sends us . the following critique on the concert of Tuesday night: " The talents of a newly arrived pianiste of Miss ltochc's calibre ' deserves some thing more than a passing notice. A tide has long since been setting in favor of the classical writings of Beethoven, Men delssohn, Mozart, and Weber, and we are glad to find that this accomplished lady has heroically determined to exert her in fluence in the same direction. The rising generation will be made to feel that there is something worthy 'of'their study beyond Ilerz and the flimsy school. The' playing of Miss lloche may be described as exhi biting marks of most careful study. Her articulation is singularly clear, and every chord even in the most intricate move ments was given with a rigid adkercnce to the text. So carefully had she studied every line of the music, that difficul ties under which an ordinary executant might have quailed, seemed to have passed into the region of the simple and the easy. The youthful part ot her audience might ercn take a lesson from her manner of holding her hands, which was singularly graceful and quiet, the carve from finger to Show being beyond criticism. It must be confessed that, with all its excellence, the programme on Tuesday was in one respect irratly deficient. It did not exhibit the powers of the executant as a soloist. Eveiy piece introduced thetinevitable stringed ac companiments. _ "We wanted to hear the piano speak for itself. It was all orchestral work, and merged individual genius into a general result. What a treat it is to hear' Dohler, or Arabella Goddard, or even BoJdec, deal with some telling melody that seems to issue from the' piano as from a living voice, and then branch out into variations ^of more or Iqss intricacy to show . the wonderful combination of which ■ the instrument is (tKUahle. For this reason we were relieved hi^jfe introduction to some of the songs, wSen the pinniste for a few bars was heard alone. In fairness, it is necessary to say a word or two about this lady's expres sion. Every one knows that the perform ance, by diSerent executants, of any fine composition, whether of the great Beetho ven or any other master, is a psychological study. The mind of the performer must develop itself. "We become acquainted with various facts connected with tempera ment, intellectual training and tastes. When Jenny Lind first performed the chief soprano parts in Elijah, she sat flora some days before, Bible in. hand,'and studied the hook of- Kings. Here was the true . mark of genius, she knew her composer osthetically, and every note told. "Would that Miss Boche would dive deep into Schiller and Goethe, she will then understand Beethoven and the playful Felix Bartholdy. Her leading characteristic is imperturbability. "We be lieve that if she were to join the Saturday catbering at Flemington, she would carry a tumbler of water over a brush fence without spilling a drop. At.the same time she has some of the vices of ultra expressive players She never thumps; her melody is liquid and flowing; and, perhaps, the the poor old piano could produce no other results. To figure well at Flemington one must he well mounted, and no musical per former can achieve a reputation on a worn out instrument. "We would not deny the accuracy of this young lady's playing, hut the accurate rendering of notes is only like the outline of a picture,, which wants more than outline, it must have colour as well as light and shade. One of the trio exhibited the soul of music, it was Mr Thomas, on his violoncello." The Argus says:—""We regret to learn that small-pox has made its appearance in this city. A seaman named "Webster, from on hoard the ship Avonvale, which arrived from Foo-chow-foo "on the 22nd inst, was admitted into the Melbourne Hospital on the 24th, and on Friday his complaint was found to be unmistakably small-pox. The hospital management communicated with the chief medical officer as soon as this discovery was made, and the man was removed that night to the hospital at the Immigration Depot. All communication between the ship and the shore was cut off in the course ot the day, and she will return to the quarantine station this morning. It docs not seem that this case need cause any alarm in the pnblic mind, since the authori ties have had early cognisance of the appear ance of the disease, and have taken prompt measures to prevent its spread among the population. It is most fortunate, however, that the case turned up in the Melbourne Hospital and not in a private dwelling, where probably its true nature would not have been discovered until too late to isolate tie patient" ' h-0}elihsi journal remarks that tlie oat Cyl _ throughout the Tourer TTill district are not likely to prove remunerative to the fanners, and in some places the wheat will be under the average, hut in many farms we have seen "wheat crops-which are equal to any ever produced in this district. In fact, when good farming is combined with gcod land—where a judicious rotation of crops has been observed—the wheat crop promises to he an abundant one. The breadth of land under potatoes is an increase on former years, and so far as appearance can enable us to form a judgment, the produce will he most abundant. At the Yarnbuk side, potatoes are never sown extensively, as the soil is too light for them, and, except in a few places, the grain crops do not look well. The Launceston Examiner furnishes the following with reference to the removal of the Whirlpool Rock:—Two blasts have been made on the above rock, by the party engaged by the Marine Board. After considerable delay, occasioned by certain alterations required to make the first charge in a wedge-shaped tin case, fit into a crerice in the rock, the discharge of the same was effected, on Friday evening, and with a certain amount of success, for on examination afterwards it was found that a good-sized pinnacle of the rock had been blown off A second operation took place at three o'clock on Saturday morning, when a charge of about SOQlbs of powder was fired on the top of the pinnacle on which it is believed the schooner Petrel struck. me result of this explosion las not yet been ascertained, but it is believed to have taken efiect. The explosion, raised an immense body of -water to a great height above the surface of the river, and xnnst have shaken the rock. Previous to the blasting a grappling had become entangled in tbe rock about 40ft from the blast, and bad been given up for lost, hut on Captain Smart's going to it after the operations he found that it had become free, and drew it ia without difficulty. The tug came up to town on Saturday, and proceeded to the scene of operations again yesterday. The powder for blasting the rock- has been stored on Drumstick Island, and'hoatmen and others arc therefore cautioned against landing there. 'flic S. A. .Register reports the arrival of Arabs at Port Augusta on the 16th inst.: '"Theharcjue Koh-i-noor arrived hereon Thursday, bringing a fresh importation of Arabs to take charge of the camels. I be lieve they started with42; "but one of them was missed on the passage, and it is sup plied was washed overboard. They ap laa. w he a more active lot of men than tbe last, as since they have been on shore they are often jumping and wrestling one with the other; but they don't appear to be so clean in their apparel, hfo doubt in a short time this will be rectified, and there / will fie a great demand for white calico. / ^ -veral of theni visited, the chapel here Jcsterday during divine service, and be-' kaved themselves with the utmost decorum ~a lesson, I should think, to a gicat num ber of iheir white brethren." ; " The BaUirat Star quotes tie authority •p jir James Caird before the Statistcal Society in i1,larch last, respecting the Agri cultural Returns for Great Britain for 18G7, us follows:—"30 to 32 bushels of wheat per acre had been accepted as the average produce of the United Kingdom. . Mr Caird, as Times Commissioner, bad reason, Iu 1830, to lis it at not more than" 261; tr-'h aetv.ithstaiiding improvements made 111 the subsequent 18 yearsj lie does not mink that the average yield of England^at tam time exceeds 28 bushels. Air .Caird remarks—' After a certain point is reached tlie progress of average yield per acre is I '^0 slow. Arthur Young, in 1770, summed vp the results of his enquiries'iU an average 'iffi lushehs an acre.In 1850 mine gave -"id, the whole increase in SO years being tuu, only 31 bushels. Careful enquiry and uwervation lead me to the conclusion that' *he 18 years which have since elapsed, it "Would not be safe to take credit for an in crease greater than 11 bushels, and even hat is nearly twrice the rate of progress oi lj'- Preceding 80 years. Talcing the pro portion of acreage in England and Ireland, I find 27 bushels to be the average yield of tlje United Kingdom." . The Grey River Argus has the follow ms respecting the Thames Gold Field, New Zealand:—We have been permitted to publish the following letter from Auck land, written by a well-known digger from Maori Gullyf Arnold, to some of bis old mates there:—" Accra ding to promise I send you a few lines to let yon know what L think of this place. I have been down at the diggings, and I must say there are a few very rich claims—about half a dozen: There are about fifty that get the name of being able to obtain the colour, and; hundreds not even that, so that sums up the Auckland goldfields. There are over S00 claims registered, which will amount j to over 4000 men, who have worked their claims for three months; so with them and those who are walking about doing no thing, they will - average over 15,000 diggers on the Thames. I am in-I eluding all the Tarrakini men. There are ' hundreds of diggers here who would leave if they knew where to go to. They all say they are sick of the coast; hut. the only thing that is keeping them here is the | expectation of the Upper Thames being i thrown open, bat there is no more likeli hood now than there was six months ago; and if it should be opened, there is no knowing whether there is any gold or not, as the STaories will not allow any diggers there with tools. It would be better if they would do one or the other—that is, break out in a good war or open the country. There is a very large .township on the Thames, hut there is.no money, except what people have brought . with them, which is supporting the • place. "Wages in claims are from 35s to 40s per week, and you must he well known before you can get a job. If you go into any business place for any article, they will change a note for a penny; everything is too cheap' for a new goldfield to be any good. Nobblers and ale are 3d, and you can live for about 12s per week; but even 12s is harder to get than it was to pay £2 10s in the old gully, and no one vrfll get a mouthful of anything without the money. I think this will satisfy my old acquaint ances, if they know when they are well off, to stay where they are." The Ballarat Star writes:—"As• the subject of the Chinese in various parts of the colony is now occupying the attention of the Government with a view to some action being taken for the removal of their camps from close contact with the Euro pean centres of population, we have made a few inquiries with reference to those who live in our midst, in the Camp on the rise of.the hill at Golden Point. Their camp, which is as dirty a place as ever was inha bited by Chinese who are not over cleanly anywhere, is entirely surrounded by Euro pean dwellings, and the smells which taint the air around it cannot fail to have the most deleterious effect upon the health of those who are unfortunate enough to have taken up their abode in the vicinity. In the dens in which the Chinese live they are associated with some of the most abandoned of European women, and, we are sorry to say, with many young girls from, the ten der age of twelve years and upwards, who have been taken there by the Chinese, or as is oftener the case, have been decoyed into the infamous haunts by these old abandoned women of their own nation of whom we hare spoken. In most cases the women who associate with the Chinese spend the greater pordon of their time in smoking opium. It may be interesting to the public to know of what dements the Chinese population is made up. There are in our midst 1521 Chinese. Of these 260 are storekeepers, 150 miners, 120 hawkers, the large number of 215 professional gamblers, 100 are said to be thieves, 2 publicans, 15 butchers, 38 children, 150 employed as gardeners, 15 hotel servants, and 15 keepers of brothels. The removal of the Chinese camp from our midst is very much desired, and will probably he effected; but some difficulty must arise from the fact of Chinese being in legal possession of certain portions of land off which it is proposed to remove them." j\Ir F. Allison, in a letter to < the Ilbbart Town Mercury, says —" In your issue for Friday last I find myself figuring as a. gold discoverer. Xour facts as stated are quite correct. I found gold in three places on Formosa, several miles apart, and am now strongly of opinion that at least in one place, that near Brumby's Creek, it would pay to work, and might even be rich. At the time Dr Milligan found the gold he first called on me to ask ine to show him where I found it, hut I did not like his selfish mode of conducting the matter, and declined. In 1S5S 1 did show the place to a Victorian digger, named, if I remember rightly, Lavine. and he was so pleased with the prospect that he went to Fingal and brought his party, hut after getting down about thirty feet, Mr Archer, who then rented the land, ordered them oil". Lavine considered the chance of finding [laying gold there better than at Fingal. They wrote some letters and doggrel verses in the papers in derision of a people who would not allow a man to find gold for them. I can only say that it is the fact o_f the gold lying on or under private property which has kept me from testing it myself more fully years ago. I have seen the gold fields of California and Victoria, having worked on both, and there is no difference in the character of the country in either case, and this strong resemblance led me to look for the gold where I found it. Should any steps he taken in the matter, I can only add I will gladly show anyone where the gold lies, or assist to develope it in any way. A correspondent at Hawthorn writes to the Australasian respecting the Indian minah bird, &c;, as follows:—"Sir,—In your last Saturday's issue I read the letter of your correspondent 'Hawthorn,' rela tive to the above-named bird, and regret that I am obliged most emphatically to contradict his statement that it does not attack fruit. It is only a few mornings ago that I observed a minah very busily engaged on one of my cherry trees. I watched him for a few minutes quietly, and when I thought he ha'd had sufficient I went and examined the branch where he had- been, and found a number of cherries bitten in half, and others where the stone only remained* Whether they are insect feeders or not I cannot say, hut will only remark that this very desirable qualifica tion has not yet come under my notice. In the meantime, I shall be glad to learn his habits from anyone who knows anything about him, as I should he unwilling to destroy them if it could be shown that' they have"any redeeming qualities at all. (With regard to the sparrow, about which so much has been said, it is well known that, they only destroy insects at the time they are rearing their young, and then only when fruit is deficient; in fact, it was a great mistake to have imported so great a depredator: and, further, he will shortly drive away the colonial soft-billed birds, which are really and entirely insectivorous: The common English hedge sparrow, with the soft bill, is the one that should have been imported, instead of the villainous fruit and grain eating street sparrow,, and the sooner he is exterminated the better." It is stated by the Quarterly Journal of Science that the eastern and western sec tions of the Pacific Railway-in America ha ve beenbrought within 900 miles of each other, and it is expected the whole will be opened for through traffic from 2few York to San Francisco on the 4th of July next. The following is very justly termed a thrilling acpident. at ^Niagara FallsThe Buffalo Commercial leanis that a1 startling incident occurred at ^Niagara Falls. A little girl, while getting upon the railing of the bridge leading from the mainland to GoatTsland, lost her balance and fell into tbe rapids. Instantly a young man, named Mculton, who resides at Auburn, plunged in to rescue the child. Grasping tbe little one and keeping ber bead above water, both were swept on towards the precipice, and destruction seemed inevitable. But Moulton, being an expert swimmer, strug gled manfully with tbe rushing torrent, and succeeded in reaching the shore only about 15 feet froin tbe brink of the cataract. It was a most humane and daring act. The treasurer of tbe Geelong Female Refuge acknowledges receipt of £3 10s and £4 5s 9d, collections made on account of the Refuge at Mr Burnett's meetings, 