QUEENSLAND. Feniakism in Queensland.— A young man named James Eagan, who had been employed aw a warder at the St. Helena penal establishment was dismissed a few days ago for having ex pressed strong sympathy with Fenian movft iiient. , Amongst the expressions that he ha^ made use of was one to the effect that, if he ha- been at Clerkenwell at the .time of the recent diabolical outrage tncre, ne would jip.vo assistc the perpetrators of it. This was said in a con versation amongst his fellow-otficials at Si Helena, aud wap, of course, immediately re-. j-ortecl by them to the proper authorities. Fo B -roe days previous to the date of E.ugan's nv k jog this statement, he had been suspected, if no of being a Fenian, at all events of being favoraM to the rcbclUousbrotJierhood, and his conduct and words had veay naturally bwra closely watched, 'Lhereault being confirmatory of the suspicions. Tlie expression above referred to, together with other circumstances, at last led Mr. Thornton, ihe Visiting Justice of tho Penal Establishment nt St. Helena, to the conclusion that it was un wine at the present time to allow a man holding jach political views as Egan, to continue any longer in the employ of the Government. Egan iias been in the Government service for eorae time, having been in the Water Police Force some years previously to his having been appoin ted warder at St. Helena. Thk Maryborough Diggings.- The Naah ville correspondent of the Maryborough Chronicle of the 21et instant, says—' In reefing great in terest ia being created by the discovery of a new reef beyond the Deep Creek. The discoverer, Martin Walsh, is radiant with hope, and on Tuesday, the 17th, had a prospecting claim granted him by Mr. ComisBioner King, the new. treasure being christened St. Patrick's Reef. The natron acre of the cood saint having been thus invoked, the supposed line of reef was rushed for a distance on either side of the pros pector. The probability of operatioss being im mediately commenced in the. bed of Mary, so the long and so sanguinely spoken of, ias now as sumed the appearance of action. At a public meeting held at the Alliance Hotel, on Monday evening last for the purpose of taking united ac tion to test the capabilities of this highly inter esting brook, great unanimity prevailed, and a committee was appointed to organise a move ment in favor of the project. Meanwhile, the eourse of the river has been pegged off fram the confluence of the waters of Deep Creek for a a considerable distance downwards, and protec tion has been afforded to claimholders thereon, by registration from the hands of the Commis sioners, it is, though, doubted Whether the Commissioners are invested with any such power by the Act as to discretionably register claim's where as yet not » pick has been struck, and where no active operation has actually com- | menced that could actually be taken to justify a monopoly of supposed auriferous tract.' j Rockhampton Diggings. — The Bulletin of the ! 17th instant, says — ' The accounts from our se- J veral digings continue on the whole satisfactory. At the Crocodile; but little is doing. At the Three Mile Reef at this side of the Boulderconabe ! prospects look cheering. The machine at the j Hector Reef is nearly ready, and is expected to begin crushing this week. At Ridgelands a de cided improvement is reported. Moriuish is said to be full of expectation that good times are at hand. Rosewood is also looking up ; Black fellow's Gully is likely to prove very good. There are indications of a rich gold-field all the way from there to Rosewood.. The ' Nil Despe- I randuui' crushed 55 tons 7 ewt. of stone within the last eleven days, at Morinish. The stone came from the joint claim of Kir ker, Quested, Mathews, and Pape and O'Rourke. The yield was four huadred and forty ounces. There were apprehensions of a serious row on Saturday night, owing to disputes about the ownership of the gold from the machine. Sergeant Gooch, by his coolness aud tact, foi tun ately prevented any mischief. We understand that revolvers and knives were drawn. The Ridgelands police were on the ground. It is said that the police alone prevented probable bloodshed. Had a disturbance of the kind taken place at Rosewood, which does not possess a single policeman, there is no calculating where the mischief would stop. TiieGovernment should establish a police force at Rosewood. The population is increasing again, and the danger of a disturbance should be guarded against. j The Gap Range Muebers. — As might have been naturally supposed superstition has plan ted a ghost at the scene of tiii' fearful tragedy. We mentioned in our last issue that tbe house in which the murders were committed had been abandoned, and that the man who had taken charge of Conroy's sheep had located himself in the detached builditig from which Mrs. Couroy emerged on the fatal night, buC only to meet the sa;iie doom as her husband and others. Siuce then it would appear that some persons had temporarily talian up their abode in the main building, aud on the first night of their sleeping there a hand descr.ibo.il as heavy as that of a human creature passed o^-er their bodies while they laid in bed. On the 8eeoB(l night by the light of the fire which, we have referred to aa burning all night, in tlie place where the shepherd slept, a figure dressed in black was seen, in tlio room whore the murders were perpetrated.- Th.3 superstitious may 'probably' suppose that it was That figure clothed from head to foot, Wltich keeps the keys ot ail the creeds. However, one thing is certain, that so alarmed were all those at the farm house, temporary so journers, and the shepherd, that they have abandoned the plajeaud have.pitcbecl their cansp on the-.bauk of the. creek. We suppose that as soon as the eldest son has administered to his father's' effects, it' the old man died intestate, he will have the good sense and discretion to pull down the. whplo 'of the buildings and consume r.!i«m by Mre. Such a course would probably be pandering to 'superstitious instincts, but as such fauiiot ordinarily be overcome, it would be as welt to adopt tlie course pointed out, than leave ?.i.ic'li a. monument of the atrocities as would re fund 'passers- by of the scene of so much barbar ity The prisoner Munday continues to exhibit i io -remorse, and is seemingly quite rational .on Uiu subject of hia past atrocious career. The medical officer of the gaol, Dr. O'Connor, is per : outly 'satisfied as to the culprit's insanity, but vi; suppose that when he ia put upon his trial ' ho jury will be directed to take evidence aa to 1 is ability to plead. The fact of Munday having ?eeu an inmate of the Pentonville model prison! ?.;i-es somewhat in favour of his insanity, as the intern carried on there whon that reformatory .;) institution was first established was un onbtedly calculated to impair the brain of thosi ufortunfites who undemeut purushineut at that ?ae. — Yasa Courier. Magistbiuai, Ixquikt.— Owing to the illacs* of Dr. Blake, the district coroner, /. a magieterW1 in quiry wan held by Dr. d'Cdiittef; at the For. tune of War hotel, on view of the body of a maa name unknown. Sub-inspector Bronnan aai-L that as the coroner was unable to attend, an£ Dr. Campbell was absent on a professional calL he had been obliged to request him (Dr .O'Cou. ner) to hold a magisterial enquiry and also t» view the body in order to state what was th« cause of death. The Sub-iuspector then de poned : About one o'clock yesterday Mr. Broughton reported to me that his shepherd had Been a man dead in the bush ; 1 proceedod oufc in company with coaatable Hayes and Mr. Broughton, and about a mile from Hume wood, on the track to Mr. BraBsil's, I found the d»- ceased, on whom the enquiry ia now held, lying about one or two yards from a large tree, quit* dead, he was lying, on his right side with hia kneM *nd *™»« drawn upwards to his face ; h» was very much burnt, on the upper port'on b£ hi» body the clothes being also burnt off ; I eon ?ider deceased to be between sixty and serenfiy, deceased had lain opposite a fire mad* against a tree ; the grasa waa burnt to near where deceased lay; the body wa» found about two yarda from the tree; there wm no swag with deceased ; the coat and shirt wore partly over his head ; there were no marks of violence whatever upon the body except th» burns; I am of opinion that deceased got xm when his clothea caught fire, and when eo- deavouring to draw his shirt off he fell, as ther* was jio fire up to where the body laid ; the body lay six or seven vards from tViA +.ra#»lr ««i could be seen by persons passing by ; the ra« mains of a coat, match boXj and pipe were foHui where he lay ; I have not the slightest know ledge at present who deceased is ; I had th» body removed to Yass.— The enquiry was the* adjourned till tw» o'clock for the evidence of Mr Broughton and the shepherd who had first founl the body. Mr. Broughton had been warned ia the usual way, to be present at eleven o'clock. Dr. O'Connor said that it would be as well t» issue a summons so as to compel attendance. At two o'clock the enquiry wasrssumed, when Mr. Sub-inspector BrennaA called EliaB Kuber, wh© deposed that he iB a shepherd in th© employ of Messrs. Barber and Broughton^ at Humewood, on yesterday morning, when shepherding his flock, he saw something on the run which he took to bt a log, and on approaching it saw it was the body of a man ; he sent word to Mr. Broughton. Hemy Biugham Broughton deposed that he went out and saw the body as described by the last witness, and gave information to the police, whom he accompanied to where the body lay : he had now seen the body again, and although he could not positively recognise it believed it to be that of James Young, who had been in hia em ploy. This closed the enquiry. — Yass Courkr 