THE CONSECRATION OF ST. ANDREW'S CATHEDRAL. SOME tiiirty years have now elapsed since Sir Richard Bourke, at the request of the late Bishop Broughton, relaid the founda- tion stone of what is now the formally consecrated cathedral of New South Wales. Property speaking it is only the cathedral of the diocese of Sydney, but from its connection with the Metropolitan Bishop of Australia, it may fairly claim the title we have given it. The history of the building dates back as far as 1819, when Governor Macquarie laid the foundation stone, though nothing further was done until 1S37. The late Mr. Hume was the first architect engaged on the work, and under his superintendence it progressed very slowly until 1846. Mi*. Blacket then assumed Mr. Hume's position, and after making some alterations in the plan superintended the final completion of the building. It was not until 1864 that the members of the Anglican communion seemed thoroughly awakened to the necessity of completing the building ; since that time the works have progressed very rapidly, and were it not for a judicious resolve not to consecrate the building until the debts accrued by its construction were paid it would have been opened some months ago. The 30th ult., being All Saints day, was fixed upon for the ceremony of consecrating the edifice. In the mean- time invitations issued to the bishops of the sister colonies, inviting them to take part in the ceremonial, were responded tc by the Right Revs, the Bishops of Melbourne, Adelaide, Bris^ bane, Tasmania, Goulburn, and Newcastle, all of whom arrivée in Sydney, during last month. About ll a.m. on the 30th ult, the Right Rev. Dr. Barker, accompanied by his six suffragai bishops, arrived at the western entrance of the Cathedral attended by the following clergymen : Diocese of Sydney-The Rev. Canon King (chaplain) ; th Revs. Dr. Barry and W. J. Gunther (the examining^chaplains) the Revs. G. N. Woodd, George E. Turner, Edward Rogers Edward Smith, T. Horton, H. Tingcombe, J. S. Hassall, T. H Wilkinson, George King, C. F. D. Priddle, A. H. Stephen, H A. Palmer, T. Donkin, H. S. King, Thomas Hayden, T. Wilson W. Allworth, C. H. Rich, James Carter, G. H. Moreton, T. W Unwin, Stanley Mitchell, W. Lumsdaine, J. T. Schleiche] George Gurney, Thomas Kemmis, Thomas Smith, R. W. Younj E. M. Salinière, P. R. S. Bailey, C. F. Garnsey, James Rosi William Wood, W. C. Cave-Browne-Cave, H. H. Britten, Joh Vaughan, J.R. Bloomfield, Samuel Fox, J. H. Rowsell, Josèp Dark, Elijah Smith, W. J. M. Hillyar, John Pendrill, D Tucker, William Scott, W. F. Creeny, W. H. Roberts, A. "fl Pain, J. McDowall {H.M.S. Challenger.) Diocese of Melbourne-Revs. James Gilbertson and Jam Henry Watson. Diocese of Goulburn-Revs. Thomas Druitt, A. D. Soare Richard Leigh, and C. J. Byng. Diocese of Grafton and Armidale-Revs. Messrs. F. R. Kern and S. Hungerford. Diocese of Newcastle-Rev. Canon Selwyn, Revs. C. Wals R. Chapman, J. Spicer Wood, S. Simm, F. D. Bode, H. Millard, James Blackwood, and James Norton. Diocese of Tasmania- Revs. H. ß. Bromby and W- H. Dunnir They were met by the Very Rev. the Dean, the Chancels the Registrar, and the Revs. Canons Stack, Vidal, and O'Reil Sir Alfred Stephen, Mr. Chadwick, Mr. Smart, Mr. Knox, a Mr. Alexander Stuart, members of the Cathedral Chapter. The Rev. Dean Cowper having formally presented the petiti for consecration, it was read aloud by the Registrar, and 1 Bishop having intimated his intention to comply with its pra; the procession proceeded to the east end of the building. 1 Bishops having taken their places within the Communion Ra the Metropolitan standing on the nerth side of the Lord's Ta turned to the congregation and said :-. " Dearly beloved in the Lord, forasmuch as devout and h men, as well under the Law as under the Gospel, moved eit by the secret Inspiration of the Holy Ghost, or by the expi command of GOD, or by their own reason and sense of or and decency, have erected houses for the public worship GoD, and separated them from all profane and common us which godly practice hath a manifest tendency to fill m< minds with a becoming ; Reverence to the Divine Majesty, ; to affect their hearts with devotion and humility in the ser' of GOD : Let us humbly hope that our Heavenly Father favorably approve our present purpose, of setting apart place in solemn manner for the performance of the sev offices of religious,worship : and let us faithfully and devoi beg His blessing on this our undertaking. " After repeating the Lord's Prayer the following prayer said: "0 ETERNAL GOD, mighty in power, of Majesty incom hensible, whom the Heaven of Heavens cannot contain, ir. less the Walls of Temples, made with hands ; who yet has 1 graciously pleased to promise Thine especial Presence in w ever place even two or three of Thy faithful servants f assemble in Thy name, to offer up their supplications and 1 praises to Thee : vouchsafe, O Lord, to be now present us, who are here gathered together to consecrate this pl with all humility and readiness of heart, to the Honor of great name, separating it henceforth from all unhallo ordinary, and common uses, and dedicating it entirely to Service, for reading therein Thy most Holy Word, for celebr. Thy Holy Sacraments, for offering to Thy glorious Majesty sacrifices of prayer and thanksgiving, for blessing Thy peof Thy name, and for performing all other holy ordinances. Ac O Lord, this service at our hands, and bless it .with success as may promote Thy glory and the salvation of people, through Jesus Christ our Lord and Saviour. Ame] The Metropolitan then repeated the six collects implorin Divine blessing on the future ministrations of the Church. Sentence of Consecration was read by the Chancellor, sign the Metropolitan and registered, and laid on the commi table. The morning service then commenced, the Psalms the 84th, the 122nd, and the 132nd. The First Lesson was from the eighth chapter of the First Book of Kings, froi 22nd to the 62nd verse.. This was read by the Dean. Second Lesson, from the fourth chapter of the Gospel < Luke, from the 14th to the 21st verse, was read by the Canon Stack. The ante-communion service was read b Bishop of Adelaide. The Bishop of Goulburn read the Ep the Gospel being read by the Bishop of Melbourne. The s< was preached by the Metropolitan, after which a coll amounting to £250 was handed in. At the service in the e^ the Bishop of Adelaide preached on Hebrews vi. 10, ll Tuesday evening there was a very crowded congregatior Bishop of Melbourne preached on St. John iv. 19-24. the consecration on Monday a public luncheon was given Bishops in the Masonic Hall. His Excellency Earl B< presided. 