In this week's Observer we present our readers with a New Christmas Tale of South Australia, together with a number of other Original Sketches} Games, Riddles, Conundrums, Puzzles, &c.;, composed expressly for this paper, . jiand designed for all who wish to spend " A Merry Christmas, and a Happy New Year." toiwft ttoe l&auNjer.; A CHRISTMAS STORY. Chapter I. Cranch the Lawyer! Everybody knew Cranch the Lawyer, of Ring William-street! Hipping Cranch, as some who knew him too well named him; Joshua Cranch, Solicitor and Notary Public, as his doorplate informed people in general; "the learned gentleman," as Hie Observer styled him in its law reports; j "ancle," as his nephew Reginald Martin, j with the privileges of consanguinity, addressed him ; Air. Cranch, as clients, and "Sir," as his clerks, and John Mattenby, the mes senger, porter, and general office factotum, called him. Ah! a sharp fellow Air. Cranch was, too! a deep, clever man, with not an atom of sympathy about him, well-fitted to take his own part in the great fencing match of Life, no matter who took up the foils against him. Speculators might talk glibly till the roofs of their mouths got dry concerning the El Dorado copper mines and other alluring swindles; widows and unfortunate persons generally might pour into his ear woful soli citations founded on real or feigned distress —it was all in vain. Cranch the Lawyer was not to be cozened, importuned, or hoaxed ont of one solitary penny by all the rogues, widows, and mise rables in the world. No one was ever heard to brag of having humbugged him—no per ^csevering feminine collector for missionary societies and pious charities had ever ma naged to obtain his autograph as a subscriber k* among her donation lists; and/ in fact, as was suggested before, Joshua Cranch, Soli citor and Notary Public, was not to be doneI And yet, despite this anti - charitable ^Jeeling, his manner was so pleasingly bene Hvolent, that you felt yourself under an obli Pgation when he politely received the settlement of his encroaching bills of costs, or gave receipts for interest charged at usurious rates; he was so bland, so obliging, so charmingly ready with the pen and ink, that gentlemen submitted to the fleecing operation as though they rather liked it, while elderly maiden, ladies who invested their small means through Mr. Cranch ' thought him perfectly captivating and amenable to all generosity if properly taken care of by—elderly maiden ladies ! It was quite useless, however. Crouch the Lawyer was impenetrable. As he had lived so long a bachelor, he did not feel inclined to make a fool of himself now, though the recipient of some pretty plain hints to the contrary vouchsafed him by the fair patronesses of legality aforesaid. So he went on in the old, quiet, satisfactory fashion, buttoning his pockets closer as the purse got heavier, making money every minute of the day, and investing the same in snug secu rities returning a most comfortable amount per annum, and doing business whenever business could be done. Reginald Martin was also well known, though among a totally different class of persons. By that class he was considered a 3olly good fellow—a brick—a gentleman, and no mistake—a real nob, and sundry other titles equally emphatic. When the reader is told that these admirers were chiefly bar maids, barmen, publicans, theatre supers, swell blackguards, and other such gentry, it will be clear to his astute mind what kind of talents and ambition to shine belonged to Reginald Martin outside the office. Inside, he was smart and intelligent, generally at his post and ready for work, and liked by j the elerks, who winked at any trivial irregu larities. Moreover he succeeded in doing one thing which nobody else was ever able to do—item, completely deceiving his uncle. Orancb the Lawyer was a cunning fellow, as we know, but hke most human beings he had a weak point, and that was a strong belief in the steadiness, probity, and good ness cf his dead sister's only child. j John Mattenby, too, was quite a character in his way, and in Beulah-road, Norwood, where he lived, had acquired a prodigious reputation for legal knowledge and a fami liarity with every knotty point, which led to his decision being invariably sought among disputing neighbours. He was a real good fellow was John, with a round, rosy face, and a rosy little wife, and two very rosy little children. No honester man living, I believe, no kinder- hearted, no better husband and father, the best porter and messenger in Adelaide, the faithfullest servant any gen tleman could have! Craueh the Lawyer sat writing in his office one afternoon some time after all the clerks were gone. A country client had come in late to pay half-a-year's interest, so Cranch remained to take the money and give a receipt—which he did as if he were con ferring a favour—and then, remembering an important letter for transmission by the early morning's post, he stayed on to write it, much to John Mattenby's discomfort. A dark, dreary, wintry day nad become darker, drearier, and more wintry, as evening closed in, so no wonder John wanted to get home; it was half-past 6 already, and locking up would take another ten minutes. From the porter's desk in the front office he kept peering impatiently through the open doors, and saw the gas-jet shedding its light over : the face bent earnestly down to the table, and watched the busy pen scraping over the paper. There were three offices altogether— two outer clerks' offices, and the lawyer's sanctum; but as the doors were in a direct line, the clerks could see into !Mr. Craneh's room unless clients were inside, while Cranch himself was enabled to overlook them all, and benefited considerably by their con sequent attention to work. The pen ceased moving at last, and Mr. Cranch, as lie fastened up the envelope, called— "John."' " Yes, Sirand John came forward with much alacrity. " Put this letter in the pillar as you go home." John reverently takes the missive and affixes a postage-stamp, while his master gathers up a roll of bank-notes which lies on the table, and after counting quite audibly to "thirty-five," places it upon a shelf of the big iron safe which stands built into the wall in a corner, carefully locks the safe, replaces the bunch of keys on their nail which is artfully hid among a nest of pigeon holes, makes an entry to the effect that he has received thirty-five pounds, half-year's interest on account of Latham's mortgage, puts on his greatcoat, says "Good night, John; you can lock up now," and walks away to his domicile. My word.' and didn't John Mattenby move briskly about, and get everything done, and lock the big outside door, and put the key in his pocket, and after stopping at the corner just for a moment to post the letter, rattle off down Bundle-street as fast as his legs could carry him, across the Park Lands, past Kent Town, and right away home in no time, comparatively speaking. I should just like you to have seen the way in which John Mattenby the younger, aged nine years, came running out and bawled, " Hurrah! here's Father!"—and how Katie Mattenby, aged five, came lugging a big pair of slippers, and said also, " Father! Father come home!"—and how, last of all, a comely, comfortable little woman bustled in from the kitchen, a teapot in one hand, a dish of steaming potatoes in the other, and welcomed him with a smile that crinkled up all her beaming face, and then leaned for ward without ever stopping to put do wn the tilings, and gave bim such a kiss, right on the lips—the proper place for a kiss. "La! John; here yon are! just in tame! tea's all ready! Tea all ready! I should think it was. Dinner rather, because John being always busy was unable to eat anything but a few sandwiches during the day, and had to make up for it when he got home. To see him with Mrs. John and Master Johnny and Miss Katie eating the aforesaid dinner, why you would have thought, what with his hearty appetite^ his jolly appearance, the ease with which he disposed of roast beef, vegetables, apple-dumpling, and tea, and afterwards sat comfortably before the blazing fire, that his salary, instead of being, as it really was, only two pounds a week, must be five pounds, or four at the least! When they had finished dinner, and Johnny was learning his lessons (a wonderful scholar, Johnny!), and Katie sat on Father's knee telling Mm all the news of the day—a regular little chatterbox!—and when, to crown all, Mrs. John came in again after washing-up the things, laughing and cheerful as always, and John himself kept cracking jokes and asking funny riddles, often retailing Mr. Reginald's smart sayings—why, if you had been able to see them just as they were, you would have said that the Mattenbys were the happiest family in South Australia. With such a home, and such a wife, and such children, no wonder that John Mat tenby felt very gay as he trudged into town about half- past 8 o'clock the next morning, and going to work smartly had each office swept and dusted clean as could be long i before any of the clerks arrived. However they dropped in one after another ! —old Mr. Grimsby, the bookkeeper and casMer first, then the other three, till the place lost its early quiet as work was com menced at once, or a perusal of the morning's Register^ indulged in. A few minutes before ten Reginald Martin came, and was no sooner : seated at his desk, than, making an ineffec tual attempt to open the lid, he exclaimed "Hang it all! Fve gone and left my keys at home! What the deuce shall I do ! There's that partnership deed of Welsh and Kewman's must be engrossed to-day, and I put the draft in my desk yesterday after noon." " Pick the lock with a corkscrew!" mildly suggested Mr. Baker, the junior articled clerk, who affected great familiarity with Reginald, and having plenty of money to spend was generally a welcome companion. The two engrossing clerks tittered at the attempted witticism, and Grimsby, looking over his spectacles from the report of an interesting law suit, said— "Try my keys, Mr. Reginald, perhaps one of them may lit." Reginald took the keys and tried one after i another—none would do, so he handed them j back. " Confound it! I say, John, I wish you'd go over to my lodgings, like a good fellow, and get them for me. My landlady will let you have them. They must have been left on my dressing-table." "Oh, with pleasure, Mr. Reginald!" John said, readier even than usual to do a service, for .Reginald Martin was a great favourite of his. " Lefevre-terrace, isn't it, Sir." "Yes; Mrs. Elliot's—you know—the big brick house." " All right, Sir !" And away lie started for Reginald Martin's lodgings at North Adelaide, nearly running against Mr. Cranch, who just entered the office as John left it. The clerks became exceedingly industrious —Mr. Grimsby put aside the newspaper, and Reginald, with a heightened colour, greeted his uncle as he passed through the offices and disappeared in the inner room. After a while Air. Cranch called— "Grimsby!" " Yes, Sir !" and Mr. Grimsby went into the sanctum. "Oh! there's thirty-five pounds I re ceived yesterday, after you were gone, on accountof Latham's mortgage—you'd better include it in the cash to-day when you go j to the Bank. Stop a moment! I'll eive it I you!" | As the cashier stood waiting obediently, | watching the movements of his principal, j Cranch the Lawyer took the well-known keys from the well-known nail and opened I the safe door, which rolled back noiselessly and displayed the shelves within, crowded with deed-boxes, valuable securities, and the business books. " What's the matter, Sir!" for Cranch had started back as if astounded. " It-s gone, Grimsby f " What's gone, Sir?" Really Mr. Cranch was behaving very extraordinarily. "The money, Grimsby! the money! the thirty-five pounds I put on this shelf in notes just before I went home last night—I can swear to it!" " Oh, Mr. Cranch! you don't say so! you don't mean it!" and the old cashier shook with horrified excitement as though smitten by palsy. "Hush! be quiet! don't be a fool! and ao wliat I tell you! Run down to the detective office. Say there has been a rob bery here, I believe by somebody belonging to the office, and bring up a man to search quick ! off with you!" Grimsby seized his hat and rushed out apparently much to the astonishment of Reginald and the rest, who were more amazed when Mr, Cranch, coming after, re moved the key of the front door from the i outside—locked the door inside—put the key in his pocket, and then stood sentry awaiting Grimsby's return. " I must request you, gentlemen, to keep your seats for the preseut. I am sorry to have to act like this, and still more soriy to add that circumstances justify the proce dure." This was spoken in a cold, hard voice—in I a stern manner—and with a frown that i deepened with every word. The hearers gazed at each other and at him with dismay, and sat motionless while their master re mained erect and rigid by the door. Regi nald Martin's face became deadly pale, yet he simulated an easy self-possession and attempted to finish the perusal of a document upon which he had been previously engaged. How long the time seemed! The tick of two or three watches sounded quite loudly, while the buzz of some flies in the window appeared to vibrate through the room. Some one tried the door from the outside. " Who's that ?" "It's me, Mr. Cranch—Grimsby !" ^ The key was turned hi the lock and Grimsby entered, followed by a quiet looking man, neatly dressed, who of all persons present felt most self- possessed and collected. "Follow me, if you please," and Crauch leads tlie way into the sanctum, while Grimsby takes his place and reloeks the door—a complete silence being meanwhile preserved by everybody. In two or three minutes the detective comes out and Cranch with him. " Gentlemen," says Cranch, " I am placed m a very unenviable position, but circum stances have arisen which render the presence here of an officer of the detective force in dispensable. I put thirty-five pounds in bank-notes upon a shelf in the safe last night before leaving the office, and but five minutes ago I discovered that the same has been abstracted—stolen, gentlemen! The money must have been taken by some one belonging to the office, as it would be a simple impossibility for any person unac quainted with the place to find the keys. I may have suspicions as to the real culprit (here one of his auditors winced), but, painful as it must be to you, it is absolutely necessary that you should be searched by the officer. 1 hope no one will make any resistance to the search, as I believe it to be j a simple duty owing alike to you and my self, and tending to restore my confidence I in you." j Not one of them ever dreamt of resisting. Cranch's word was law—in his own office anyhow. The detective stepped forward and pro ceeded to his work without more ado— passing his hands firmly and rapidly along ' each limb—-feeling every pocket—and eare j fully examining all garments. Mr. Baker glared defiance at the cool functionary for j half-a-minute, but, beyond this, no objec tion was made to an operation which, above all, is exceedingly unpleasant to be borne, and indeed quite unbearable without the aid of conscious innocence. The discovery of a few shillings of lunch money and the like was the result which rewarded the skilful manipulator, evidently much to his surprise. He then turned over all papers—looked into the desks, and, finding Reginald's locked, picked the lock with a skeleton key, quickly manufactured from a couple of inches of old wire which happened to be lying among some rubbish in a corner— shifted everything in the office—poked and ferreted about wherever there seemed a chance of hiding five-and-thirty pounds in bank-notes; but all to no purpose—to no good—for not an atom pertaining to a bank note could be found. " The gentlemen and everything seems all square, Sir,"—to Cranch. "Yes! 1 thought so, I never expected otherwise, but in all fairness to my clerks and any other person who may be implicated I deemed it my duty to have the search made, though, perhaps, a mere matter of form. I trust, gentlemen, that you will not be offended; Reginald, I beg your pardon." ''Don't mention it, Uncle," responded Reginald. " Speaking for myself and fellow clerks, I think you did just what was right; just what was right, eh, Baker?" "Just what was right, Sir, "from Baker and the others. " Well! I am glad you properly appreciate my mode of action in this most painful matter. You can go, officer ; I do not require I yon further. Mr. Grimsby, give the officer j any fee he may require for his trouble." " Good morning. Sir; thank yon. Hope you | will arrange things satisfactory. If wanted again, you'll know where to find me," and away walked the detective whistling " Champagne Charlie" by way of self-corn- ! pensation for his ill success. | Cranch the Lawyer went into his own j room, sterner than ever. Some one had j grossly defrauded and overreached him. | Reginald followed and asked, i " Anybody else here last night when you ! left, Uncle?" "Yes!" ""Who was it?" "John Mattenby !" ""What? John?" " Yes! Where is he?" " I think he's out. Strange, isn't it!" " Send him in to me directly he comes." " Yes, Uncle," and, without daring to say more, Reginald returned to his desk. At the same moment John Mattenby arrived with the keys. "Here they are, Mr. Reginald, and Mrs. Elliot says will you be home punctual for dinner as she's a-going out to-night." " You are -wanted by Mr. Grancb immediately." And then all at once John notices that Reginald's face is turned away, that Mr. Grimsby is peering curiously at him, and that the clerks regard him with looks of unmis takable aversion. As he goes into the sanctum, wondering whatever is the matter, and the door is fastened close behind him, Mr. Grimsby says, shaking his head— " Poor fellow! but it's too clear a case. I'm afraid." Oraneh the Lawyer sat still and severe, and looked up at Jolrn as he entered with a face made sour and harsli by inflexible resolve. "John Matfcenfoy 2 do you remember how, seven years ago, a poor, miserable, ragged man came to me and begged and entreated for employment? Do you remember how I took pity on his wretchedness and, believing, him to be an honest, good fellow, assisted him to earn a decent living, and helped his wife and child?" Did John remember it? "Gli, yes, Sir!" and his eyes filled with tears of gratitude, "oh, yes, Sir! That poor, miserable man, who yon so kindly helped and befriended, was me, and the wife and child you saved from starvation was my dear Bessie and my little Johnny." John says this from his heart of hearts, yet, standing opposite his master, wonders more and more and feels frightened to notice how the austere face assumes a blacker frown and the hard voice comes sounding clearer and colder. " John Mattenby! during the seven years you have served me have I ever been unjust and severe with you? Have I taken advan tage of my position as your master and tyrannized over you or been unkind to you? Sharp and cruel as some people say I am, have I ever been so to you?" " Oh dear no, Sir! oh no! Has anyone said so, Mr. Craueh ? Did they presume to say so of my respected master? Tell me, Sir! and I will call them liars to their faces. How kind and considerate you have been 110 words of mine could teLL You always had a good word for i me, Sir. TVhy, only two years ago you raised my wages from thirty shillings to two pounds, besides giving me a Christmas-box regularly." "Your own words condemn you, John Mattenby, and proclaim you the most un grateful scoundrel that ever lived!" ' ."Gh^Mr. Crunch! you don't mean me, Sir! Yon couldn't have meant it! Oh no! you weren't speaking of me, Sir!" At last John dimly perceives that every thing is "wrong, and that, Heaven help him, the scowling, abhorrent face regards htm as a criminal. What could it be? What had he done? " Will you please tell me, Sir, what it is: what I have done?" A mocking laugh from Mr. Cranch chilled , the blood in poor John's veins, and, not know ! ing what to do or what to say, he gazed im ploring at his master, who replied " What you have done? Hardly necessary, John Mattenby. Hardly necessary, you thorough rogue and thief!" " I am no thief, Sir." Here John somewhat recovers himself and faces his accuser boldly. "Of course I do not expect you to admit it, but, unfortunately for your air of injured innocence, I cannot believe you, and trust to my own knowledge of facts before anything you can say. I won't send you away without telling you why you go, though if you have a conscience you knowwell enough ! The thirty- i live pounds Iput into the safe last night, while j you were here, was missing this morning stolen, John Mattenby!" j "Stolen, Sir!" * Ay, stolen; fool that I was to believe you honest and give you the chance. And I am sorry to say that it is not the first time I have lost money in the same way, hut I have quietly waited and at last know well enough what a villain I have harbored ami helped !" ''Hear me, Sir! Oh hear me, Mr. Cranch.* So help me, God! I never took it!" " You may stand and perjure yourself all daylong if you like, but what man 111 liis senses would believe you. To show I am not unjust, ' although certain that you alone knew I put j the money in the safe last night—that being ! left alone in the office you took it, thinking ! perhaps one of the clerks would be accused of the theft—feeling, as I say, convinced that ' you stole the money—yet in justice to all, I have only now sent away a detective who searched each one of my clerks and the premises carefully!" " I am innocent, Mr. Cranch ! I am inno cent !" " Circumstances prove clearly enough that you are guilty." "Oh, Mr. Cranch! don't be so cruel! Con sider my wife and family!" " I have considered them; if I had not," he said with sudden savageness, "you would have been safely lodged in the police-cell before this!" " Oil, Sir! can you believe it ? I, who have served you so faithfully for seven years—who , have taught my children to say God bless j kind Mr. Cranch in their prayers." j Air. John Alattenby, don't add blasphemy j to rogueiy, or I shall he tempted to alter the j decision I have come to in this matter!" ; Overwhelmed by the dreadful accusation, j utterly crushed and bewildered, poor John j heard liis sentence deliberately pronounced, j "I will make you a present of the money j you have already stolen, John Alattenby; and i here are two pounds, one week's wages in | lieu of one week s notice. I can have no j further confidence in a man who has so { grossly betrayed his trust. John Alattenby, ; I have determined not to prosecute you, as at i first 1 felt inclined to do; not that I don't i consider you richly deserve any punishment ; the law might inflict for a crime like that of j which you have been guilty, but because 1 I have considered the fact of your having a wife and two children. For their sake, and j for their sake alone, I have decided upon your j instant dismissal instead of prosecuting you f in the Police Court as perhaps T ought to <to. As I said before, I'll make yoa a present of any money you may have stolen from me, and much good may it do yon. Go! and at once! Never presume to address me or darken my doors again, never come near me or I'll give you in charge." "Oh, Mr. Cranch! Oh, Mr. Cranch! I didn't steal the money! I never stole any money, never! never! Oh my God! what shall I do? poor Bessie! poor girl! Oh, Mr. Craflch! Don't turn me away like this!" | The tears came bursting out as John ; Mattenbyknelt imploring mercy;butlie knelt | and prayed in vain, for Cranch the Lawyer remained inexorable, and only answered the piteous entreaties by pointing to the door and snarling— "Go! go, I tell you, curse your impudence. Begone this instant! do you hear?" "God forgive you, Mr. Cranch!" Then John went from him. " I never did it, gentlemen! I never did it! As God can hear me I'm innocent!" he moaned as he passed through the office. "Won't you wish me good-by, Mr. Beginald ?" John didn't care so much for the silent indifference of Mr. Grimsby and the others; but Reginald was a great favourite, and had always been on the best of terms with him in the happy old times that now seemed so far away. Reginald turned to him as if moved by some mighty influence to sympathize with the poor disgraced porter, and, grasping his hand very warmly, said— "Good-by John! How I wish this had not happened!" Where is your manhood, Reginald Martin, that you suffer John Mattenby to walk slowly through the door, and wearily home ward along the street ? Will you let him go? Yes 3 he let him go—for Bessie Mattenby, coming m from the garden, found her hus band in the front room, seated in the old aria-chair, where he used to sit in the evening with Katie on his knee—his head bowed between his hands, and sobbing as though liis heart would break. " My poor John! John, dear, what's the matter? What have they done?" and the little woman ran round as she asked these questions and laid the hot, throbbing head against her faithful heart. "1 am dismissed, Bessie! discharged by Air. Cranch! Don't kiss me dear, for they say at the office that I'm a thief—a thief ! God help me!" " Oh, John! my poor John! who dared to say it ? My dear, don't take on so! nobody '11 believe it! Cheer up John, do!" and by way of encouragement to cheer up, poor little Bessie wept more pitiously than John him self. He told her what had happened during the morning- told her all—told her how cruel and unjust Mr. Cranch had been—how, as God knew, he never touched the money— 1 and how Mr. Reginald was the only one who would shake hands and say good-by. 1 "Bless him for it!" sobs Bessie, "I shall j always remember his kindness to my poor dear." ! " Oh, Bessie! how sorry I am to bring dis grace on you all like this." "John! I know you are quite innocent! I don't care what anybody may say ; they must find out who it really was, and than you'll he quite cleared. Don't despair, John, they can never make me believe that you're a thief!" Greatly comforted by his brave wife, John was able to summon up the ghost of a smile when Johnny the younger and Katie came home from school, and tried hard to laugh outright, hut was unable to go so far, owing to some tears that made his attempt end suddenly in a curious gurgle. Children are so inquisitive and will know everything, therefore John had to invent a j satisfactory explanation as to his being at i home so earl/ ; and also to inform them that I he intended to take holidays, like the schools ' do at Christmas, and remain away from j business for a while—information which de lighted the youngsters, for they both loved ■ Fa ther dearly. This answered admirably for a fortnight j or so, when one afternoon Johnny came home looking very white and disturbed, and said that the boys said his father was a thief who had been kicked out of Cranch's office, and called him names. After which it was deemed best to keep the children away from school. So the innocent suffer for the guilty! John Mattenby, being a thrifty man, had managed to put bv a few pounds for a rainy day; and now the rainy day was come, and the small savings soon vanished. He tried hard to get other work—to do anything for a livelihood—but everybody knew how it was he had left Cranch the Lawyer's employ— many did not scruple to call him thief to his j face ; and all were only too ready to believe the evil rumours afloat, so that the prospect looked very dismal indeed for the Mattenbys, and every day increased their load of want and care. Bessie's few ornaments and trinkets, and John's old silver watch were sold first to fill the hungry mouths and keep a shelter over head ; then bulkier articles, one by one, till all the furniture was gone and the remaining mattresses were put on the floor and they slept thus. June, July, August, September, October, November, December at last, when John set his teeth hard and sold his Sunday suit of black—the proceeds whereof pro vided them with food the week before Christ Last Christmas how different everything was! how happy they all were! what plenty and gaiety they enjoyed! and now, what remained but neglect, and poverty, and star vation ! Chapter II. Christmas Eve! What a multitude of happy and holy associations are connected with Christmas Eve! What tender reminiscences of younger years does it bring with it! what memories of the dear Old Country! what thoughts of snow and holly and mistletoe — of merriment and jollity—of peace and love Christmas! how sweetly the very name falls upon our ears ! with what pleasure we hail its approach! with what regret we feel its departure! what kindness and sympathy does it create! and how lasting aud hallowed' its pure influences wherever men and women live and breathe. Yes ! it was Christmas Eve! People went about looking brighter and kinder—mingling good wishes for a "Merry Christmas and Happy New Year." Gleeful voices rose clear and high through all the streets—everybody felt it was Christmas, the time when ail bickering aud quarrelling should be forgotten —when nothing should be seen but happy faces. Down at the Railway Station, on North terrace, the men move about even quicker and smarter than usual—they run among I the rails, shoving carnages along—greasing | axles—shifting luggage, and getting in each 1 others way—wanting evidently enough to ; ! bolt away home and honour Christmas Eve. j Shrie—ee—eek! and in comes the last ; : Northern train, puffing and snorting as if j | in a great hurry, and wanting to keep Christ- j : mas Eve the same as everybody else, j Seven strokes ring out from the Station | clock as the engine goes behind the carriages, j and with two or three impatient gasps pushes | them up to the platform, where a crowd of friends wait to welcome the Christmas holi- i 1 day passengers. | Cranch the Lawyer, as he steps out of a ! first-class carriage, cool and collected as | usual, blue bag in hand, views with pity i ; and disdain the many friends reunited by j i the sacred season, who hug aud kiss one j another and clasp hands as if holding on for bare life. I He has been up to Kapunda, will-making ! for a rich old client, who is troubled with | multitudinous possessions and an incurable I disease. In the contemplation and hurry of I business be had quite forgotten that it was j Christmas Eve, and (confound it!) a holiday ' to-morrow. However, he will just get some ! thing to eat first, and leave the rough draft | at the office as he goes home. Got the latch j key? . . . Yes! . All right ! j . . . and perhaps look, up that question about the other wife's children. I ' " Cab, Sir ! Cab, Sir !" in volleys salute j hint as he issues from the Railway Station, I but he shakes hie head and stalks forward j into Hindley- street, rather disgusted than } otherwise r.t the bright, 'busy appearance the town wears, and tlie numbers of gay folk he meets. Crauch is a little thawed by the time he has had a quiet tea at Beach's. In spite of himself he cannot help feeling it is Christ- j mas Eve—yet tries to excuse a sudden recol- : lection of past Christmases kept by him in a far different and more cheerful style, by the reflection that Christmas comes at the end of the year, when Grimsby prepares the annual balance-sheet, and shows the year's profit and loss. Well! never mind if it does stop business—Christmas perhaps isn't such a very bad thing after all!—indeed he can remember the years when he used to hope and long for it, and think it the best of all blessed times. But that was before he became rich!—Years of unremitting atten tion to money-making take all such nonsense as Christmas out of a man! And in this varying humour Cranch the Lawyer reaches liis office^ and stands opposite the door with his hands in his coat pocket groping for the latch-key. Hallo ! what's that ? As he stoops to fit the key in the lock a ray of light streams through the keyhole, and listening intently he hears the rustling of papers and the foot steps of a man inside. He hesitated and thought—who could it be? whoever could it he. Grimsby and him self were the only persons who possessed latch-keys—indeed were the only persons who ever used the office at night except on extraordinary occasions. But Grimsby, though a capital fellow, was a little particular and, Cranch felt sure, would not come back to work on Christmas Eve. The porter? True he locked up and took the office key with him, but he must have done that a couple of hours ago. . . Hark ! . . And the sound of some person moving about fell again upon his ear. The fellow must be in his room, because the light seemed so dim and distant. Something wrong, no doubt—another rob bery most likely!—perhaps that blackguard John Mattenby again! . . . Something wrong! . . . and Cranch's heart beat fast, and his colour rose as this conclusion forced itself irresistibly upon his mind. Noiselessly Cranch the Lawyer stepped back into the street, and standing before the window noticed the rays of light flickering faintly against the blind. The window was too far from the ground, or he would have climbed up and tried to discover who the visitor might be, and as besides it was pos sibly Grimsby after all, it would be stupid to attract attention. What should he do ? He was no coward, and would have risked a fight with a burglar, but his legal instincts and habits of thought were too strong even for eager curiosity and excitement. So he walked a few paces down the street to secure the services of a policeman, keeping liis eye all the time on the office entrance, so that no one could issue therefrom without being seen. He met one almost directly. "Policeman!" " Yes, Sir!" " I want you to come with me—I suspect somebody is on my premises unlawfully— Cranch is my name "Mr. Crancli, the Lawyer?" "Yes, yes! Come along with, ine or we may be too late! Mind, it may be all right, possibly one of my clerks come back to work. But I think it best to have you with me in case of need." " All right, Sir!" "Now, remember, it's quite possible I shan't want you at all! . . . . Ah! here we are! You just keep out here, and I'll go in and see who it is. . . . Hush! don't speak!" Stealthily and slowly Cranch tried the door. It had been left unlocked—perhaps designedly, but possibly through haste or carelessness—so that it was not difficult to j effect an entrance, without a sound likely to disturb the person within. Stealing along on tiptoe, he reached the door of the clerk's office, through which he could look into his own room. He was seized with a great trembling as he gazed, a shocking pallor spread over his face, and, for a while, Cranch the Lawyer was fairly overcome, either with intense surprise, in dignation, or horror; it would be difficult to say which, for all these emotions were turbulently contending for the mastery. Seated at the table, hurriedly scribbling a letter by the glimmer of a solitary caudle, was a man he knew too well, a man who had received nothing hut good at his hands, a man who had been trusted implicitly, as Cranch the Lawyer was not wont to trust men. Near this man was the iron safe, standing open, ransacked and jilundered, and before him was a little heap of gold and bank-notes, which the silent watcher knew were his property. Summoning all his resolution and repress ing by concentrated effort the emotions which had affected hiin so powerfully, Cranch trod his way back to the policeman with cautious, cat-like steps. " It's all right!" ho whispered, showing a face whose expression gave the lie to his words, "You may go—I don't want you— It's only one of my clerks after all! Hush!" "Good night, Sir!" and the guardian of peace departed to amble along Ms beat. Back again the lawyer crept noiselessly to his post by the door just as the letter was finished, folded up, aud addressed—then the writer, leaving it upon the table, hastily gathered up Ms spoil and rose to go. " Stop ! Mr. Reginald Martin. I will read that letter if you please before you put out the light—I see it is intended for me." Reginald Martin—surprised in Ms sin— completely dismayed and confounded, leaued helplessly against the wall, quivering, gasping for breath, stupidly staring at Cranch the Lawyer, who, now emotionless and self possessed, read the following letter aloud, to the disgrace and shame of the terrified iuditer. "Adelaide, 24rii December. " Deai* Uncle—If I may still call you so, for I have long since forfeited all right to address you by that title. When you find tMs letter the day after to- morrow I shall he far away from Adelaide, and 1 only write because, bad as I may be, I consider it just to other people that you should know who is and has been guilty of robbing you and deceiving you. "For the past two years 1 have lead a-wild life and spent more money than I could com mand, aud although you allowed me a hand some salary and were otherwise liberal, my debts accumulated till, to save myself from being sued, I appropriated some of your mouey, which I was enabled to do by pro viding myself with a duplicate door-key and coming to the office late at night. " I could uot make up my mind to tell you of my debts, drealiiig your just anger and my probable dismissal. For my dead mother your sister's sake yon lhvt befriended me aud gave me a profession; I now ask you for her sake not to follow me or have me arrested. In another place 1 will make proper use of the money I take with me, and in time repay every fraction 1 owe to you or anybody else. "My creditors arc now pressing and dunning me so hard that 1 cannot stop longer in Adelaide, and h ive therefore determined to go away during the holidays, feeling con vinced that my doings outside would soon come to your knowledge. " John JfaUenhy was completely innoecnt ' I took the thlrty-fce pound*, for the sicaliny of which he was suspected and condemned, and / ought to have been punished in his place. I was mean and cowardly enough to let hiui suffer for my crime. " You cannot do too much for him by way of recompense for the terrible injustice he and his family have been subjected to. I have heard they are reduced to the utmost extremity. 1 have been most miserable and wretched ever since he was discharged, and write you this letter more on his account than my own. "I wish you a merrier Christmas than 1 shall spend. •• Your nephew, "Reuisaeu Mvutin." A s the last wor«ls came rather tremulously from the lips of Crancli the Lawyer, Reginald sank down upon a chair, and, covering his face with his hands, wept bitterly like l'eter of old. There was a dead silence for a minute or two, then Cranch spoke— " As God is above us, Reginald Martm ! though you. are nay fdeter'e son and the only kinsman I have in the 'world I would give you in charge this moment as the thief that you are if it were not for this letter I hold in my hand, and the attempt you have therein made to do justice to poor John Mattenby !" " Forgive me ! oh, forgive me !" "That is what John Mattenby asked, and what yon know I refused him 1" Reginald Martin could say no more. "Come with me, Sir 1" j Reginald obeyed the stern command, help- ; lessly following his uncle out of the office ' into the street. After the light was extin guished and the door safely locked, they walked rapidly down to the cabstand, got into a cab, and Mr. Cranch bade the man drive as fast as he could to Beulah-road, Norwood. Away they went down Rundle-street, where the sidewalks were nearly blocked up by passengers and the shops looked all a-blaze in a holiday glare of gas—out of the city bustle into the darkness—not a word spoken all the while—across the Park Lands, | past Kent Town, and then the driver pulled j up at the end of Beulah-road. ! " Which house, Sir V" " Mattenby's place! Enquire where it is? It's somewhere about here I know." " Mattenby's place?" said the wizened old proprietress of a little dingy store, in answer to cabby's enquiry; "Mattenby's place? There it be—right opposite." Cabby was blest if he know'd what the two gents was up to, and thought it a rum start to see 'em a-going to such a bit of a place on Christmas Eve; specially when they stopped at the window instead of going to the door—and jiggered if the oldest gent— the stiff 'un—didn't try to look through the blind into the house! . . Cabby thought he was surely intendin' to pitch into the young gent, as somethink somebody said inside most likely came to his hearing, he caught him by the arm quite savage-like. Ah! what did he see, as with his face pressed close to the window pane Cranch the Lawyer looked within! A room all bare—stripped of furniture— nothing left but a common deal box, which served as a seat for Bessie Mattenby, who was trying to sing little Katie asleep. John stood leaning against the chimney-piece, now quite denuded of its small ornaments. He looked very bad, poor fellow, very hag gard and miserable, watching the ilames dicker about the strips of paling, which had been pulled from the fence to make a bit of fire to boil the kettle. Johnny the younger, seated on the door was wondering hungrily if dry bread and tea was all he should get for dinner to-morrow, and wishing vaguely for a pair of new boots with laces and cop pered toes. Listen! as she sings softlv to the weary child— 'Hark! the herald angels sing - Glory to the new-born King; Peace on earth, and mercy wild; God and sinners reconciled. " Joyful all ye nations rise; Join the tdumph in the skies; With th' angelic host proclaim— Christ is born in Bethlehem!" Poor Bessie does not forget that it is Chris mas time. "But, Mother!" says Katie, " will the angels come and bring us a goose like we had. a' Kistnas ?" "I don't know," Mother replies rather puzzled, " perhaps they will!" "And, Father," says Johnny the younger, with a boy's eager face,'"will Jesus Christ bring me a new pair of boots and sumthin' good to eat to-morrow." John Mattenby looks sorrowfully at the little naked red toes, and doesn't think it likely, but says— " Mayhap He will, Johnny! He's very kind! yet I'm not sure." " Laceups, with brass holes to put the laces through, Father, and copper toes ?" " I can't tell, my son! He might." But Katie seems unsatisfied, and moves about uneasily on her Mother's knee. She looks down into the fire for a moment quite thoughtfully, then turns to her Father and asks earnestly— " Will Jesus give you plenty of money to buy things—and work again V" There is a ghost of a smile upon John's wan face as he meets the child's bright glance. He sees her mother sitting so brave and patient amid all this poverty and wretchedness, and hopes to God He will. " Don't know darling—I trust He will! <'ranch outside can hear all this very plainly—he is strangely affected—no longer the hard, calculating lawyer of the morning ; and, as if no influence should be wanting to soften his heart, the chimes o£ the Albert Bells come sailing along the wind through the still night, and bring to mind the far more distant bells of old times, aii l old ling land. "Oh, Reginald! Reginald! look on the misery you have made, and pray for God's forgiveness!" he says to his nephew—yet with more of pity than uiikinduess. Again the child speaks. "Doyou think Mr. Cranch will ever be kind to you again, Father' " Yes! yes! He will! he is! God help him ! he is!" and Cranch the Lawyer calls this out loudly as he hurries into the room with Reginald after him. Before anyone can do or say .anytliing he has caught John by both hands, and shakes them as if his very existence depended upon it. "John Mattenby! I have wronged you ! cruelly and foully, John ! but, as God is my judge, thinking I was just all the time! My poor John! and Mrs. Mattenby! and Johnny? and little Katie! will you forgive me?—will you all forgive me? 1 was grossly deceived, John! indeed I was! and didn't know till half-an-hour ago that another person was the real culprit-. Will you forgive me ? one and all—can you forgive me John isn't able to speak all at once—can it be true? Mr. Cranch asking for forgive ness—ay, and meaning it ton! and.Mr. Reginald with him! Surely he can't? be dreaming? . . . No? . . . for Bessie "Oh, Mr. Cranch! how cubl you doit! Think what you might have saved us "Read the letter, Uncle, if you please," Reginald says in a low voice—not like the impulsive, boisterous Mr. Reginald John knew. Mr. Crunch hesitates, for after all blood is stronger than water, and he hardly cares to let the Mattenbys know that his nephew is a thief. "This is the letter, John and Mrs. Mat tenby, that I got only about half-an- hour since—believing, as Heaven knowsup to that time, you were suffering deservedly. 1 couldn't help believing it, John, tor circum stantial evidence was so strongly against you. But listen," and he read as follows :— "John Mattenby was completely innocent 1 took the thirty-five pounds for the stealing of which he was suspected and condemned, and / ought to have been punished in his place. I was mean and cowardly enough to let him suffer for my crime." " 1 have been most miserable and wretched ever since he was discharged, and write you this letter more on his account than my own!" Nothing more—nothing less—not a word to indicate the writer, but as he tiiiished, he thrust the letter into the tire, where it blazed up for a moment and then crumbled into j ashes. "So you see I really didn't know till half- i an-hour ago, as 1 told you, who the real ; culprit was, and then 1 came right away here at onee to endeavour to make what recompense I could for the cruel injustice T have done you. Come! shake hands, John! shake hands, Mrs. Mattenby! shake hands, j Johnny and Katie! Let us be friends again | Come! forgive me !" I Forgive him they did, and shake hands with him they did, though Bessie was in a flood of tears cojisequent upon the sudden change from sorrow to joy, and Katie felt rather awed at being kissed by a strange gentleman. " There is one thing you musii't ask me, John !—the name of the writer of that letter j 1 have just burnt! Never mind who he is, John—you see he tried to do yc-u justice—let ua hope that God has forgiven him—ikai he acted from moral cowardice and thoughtless ness, rather than black, ingrained wicked ness—that he is truly per-iter t— and that this will be a lesson x-> h'm, bearing the fruits of honour and honesty through future years!" " You have forgiven him then, Sir?" " Yes! I have forgiven him! and will for get it too!" "Forgive and forget! That is what I shall do, too, Sir—that's the least we all can do on Christmas Jive!" John cannot quite make out how it is that Reginald is so strangely silent and sub dued. '' What do you say about it Mr. Reginald ?' " I say, my good John Matteaby, that my Uncle will never have reason to repent his most generous conduct toward that poor thief! That poor thief," and here he looked gratefully at Mr. Cranch, " will bless my Uncle as long as he lives, and will profit by the lesson, so that, after all, my Uncle will be the gainer. That poor thief will, I should say John, have reason to respect and love you for your noble forbearance in not demand ing his public punishment, which is due to yon and yours, and will have cause to bless above all days this holy, happy Christmas Eve!" "May God forgive him .'"said John, and Reginald Martin repeated the prayer with bowed head and full heart, inwardly vowing that each succeeding Christmas should find him further and further removed from his old, miserable life, and nearer to Him in whose memory the sacred Christmastide is kept. "John!" breaks in Mr. Cranch briskly, "of course yon come hack to the office, but I shall raise your wages from two to three pounds weekly. Stop! I shall also replace the house furniture you have beeu obliged to sell. No! you needn't thank ma, I don't deserve it! What I offer to do is simply your right, and as I can well afford to pay my debts, I don't intend to plead not indebted in this matter. "Mr. Cranch! you are too good, Sir!" still John doesn't exactly know whether after all he hasn't been dreaming horrid dreams for the past six months and only just awakened to find them ridiculous phantasms, and every thing jolly as usual, only a little better. " Come, Reginald, my hoy! I must go. Good night, John.' Good night, Mrs. Mattenhy, Johnny, and Katie! Goodnight, all! Don't go out, John, you shall hear from me again directly! A merry Christmas! God bless you, John! God bless you all! Come Reginald!" "God bless you, Mr. Cranch! A merry Christmas and a happy New Year to you, Sir, and Mr. Reginald!" "Lots of 'em to you, John! Good night, John! Don't go out, Jobii! Ill send up some things directly!" '• Good night, Sir!" Away the cab rattles, Gabby, suspicious before, now feels morally certain that the old gent is inebriated, a belief pleasantly con firmed by the reception of a double fare. Christmas, Charity, Love, and Forgiveness had done it all! It would he impossible to describe adequately the whirl of joy into which Cranch the Lawyer had plunged the Mattenbys, and if it could anyhow be depicted nobody would believe it: It was too complete for anything like ordinary writing or ordinary credence. It may be just remarked, however, that perhaps the climax was reached when an hour or two after Sir. Craneh's departure a large van drew up at the gate, stored with every possible article of furniture, from bed steads to blacking brashes, bringing also a large parcel, which, when opened, was found to contain pounds upon pounds of groceries, a line fat goose plucked and ready-for the oven, a small pair of boots, lace-ups, brass-holed and copper toed, a doll for Katie, and an en velope, addressed in Cranch the Lawyer's handwriting to " Mrs. John Mattenby," inclosing a twenty-pound bank-note. Possibly the reader may be able to imagine the beaming faces belonging to John and Bessie as they arranged the furniture and put everything in its proper place, and went to work with such a will, that the house was quite as snug, if not snugger than it was before, by the time the College clock told the departure of Christmas Eve. Is it likely anybody could describe satisfactorily the Christmas pudding Bessie compounded just before they went to bed, how Johnny would sleep with his new boots under the pillow, and lvatic lay awake with her doll in her arms and kept talking witk a ecaseless flow j of words till the candle was put out? What a merry, merry Christmas Eve after all! only to be equalled by the merry Christmas Day I succeeding. I It is really impossible to narrate at length | liow they all went to church, where Johnny | fell asleep during the sermon and dreamt of . the dinner he afterwards ate, how Bessie : Mattenby looked so bright and happy that ! I wonder everybody didn't fall in love with i her, how John himself was so uproariously | jolly that by evening his sides were sore with ■ laughing over all his old jokes. It would be useless trying, and so the reader must bring ! all the light-heartedness and fun and happi | ness at command, and with such aids, depic i ture as fancy may choose to direct, Christmas Day at Jolru Matteuby's Bouse. i It is now some time since tbat Christmas ! Day, but the Mattenbys continue happy and j prosperous. John and Bessie are much j fatter, while, if you'll believe it! you actually I wouldn't know Johnny the younger and i little Katie, they have grown and improved ! so much! I .Reginald Martin, fully forgiven by his ! Uncle, kept to work bravely, ami lately I passed his examination, lie is now a full j fledged Practitioner of the Supreme Court, j and very clever too, yet withal, he never j forgets the lesson he learnt one Christmas Eve, it has taught him to be a wiser and ■ better man. ! Craucb the Lawyer still flourishes, but no | longer the hard, crabbed Craucb of yore. ; His heart is softer, his face mostly wears a ! smile, his actions ai'e liberal, he grows 1 younger, John Mattenby thinks. He is 110 poorer, though far kinder than before, and, : when he sees his dead sister's son rescued ' from infamy and doing credit to his training, ' he is thankful that it pleased God to show i him the folly of his sell conceit in judging by I appearances, ami the emptiness of his i miserable trust in riches as a source of 1 happiness, and that he turned his heart to ; mercy and forgiveness 011 that same terrible vet beautiful and lioly Christmas Eve. Godfrey Hob art. 