one—and some time afterwards Ijing^ead underneath the dray, ;tiiad . apparently been capsized by ^Diwtiirtg in contact with a stump. From the Advertiser we learn that "Mr Black was onfe ■of the oldest settlers in Bendigo, and was at one time a member of the firm of Dixon, Catigliey and Co., in Market-square^ He had tieenfor a long time in the employ of Messrs "Colin Brothers, and enjoyed not alone their ^espject and esteem, but that of all in the community to whom he was known. His sudden 4tftd 4intime!y end lias caused a deep feeling fpf sorrow to his many friends in Sandhurst." As a sample of the excellence of beef cured ifi tuis colony, Jt may be mentioned that Capt, Ayling, of the Aberdeen clipper ship Moravian, tested on Thursday three casks that had been on board his ship about thirteen months, and the. contents were found to he, if anything, Superior to the beef obtained at home. Captain Ailing also informs us that every voyage the «hips of the Aberdeen Line take on their ; "departure from home between five and six J^Ktidfed tins of sixteen pound weight each of preserved meat, whi*h costs 7|d per pound. ■ISfow, if, as stated here, preserved meats can iie made up at from 4|d to^^d per pound, there is little doubt, should the meat be preserved in such a way as to stand a. voyage home and back, a ready market may be found for it, tnore particularly if the company that has Already started will go the right way to work about the matter and send a case on board of! two or three vessels free <jf charge, to be taken home and brought out again .as a -sample. A dreadful accident happened in tbej Havilall Company's ground, Maxwell's Reef, Xnglewood, in a shaft formerly known as J3o. 14 North. We glean' the particulars from j the Advertiser:—"A miner named Charles !Ehsworth, one of the tributers of the company, and his mates, were about to recommence work at one o'clock, after having had 'dinner, and the former had begun to descend the shaft by the upright ladders, when after going down about ten feet he was heard to utter ah exclamation, and directly afterwards to strike the stage 150 feet * below. His two mates went down and found that he had broken through the stage, and falkn a further •depth of 30 feet right across the windlass, ile was quite dead when taken up, and when he was got to the surface it was found that iJiis back, heck and skull were broken. Death tnust have been instantaneous. The cause of the accident is quite unknown. The deceased iiad been a resident of Inglewood since its •opening, and was very much respected by all who knew him. He had been a teacher in '-the Churchof England Sunday School for about ' five years, and took great interest in his selfimposed duties." ; J^EE^iONIpi NEWS, ■ ■- . - — o- - - - . -jg.*** . s jr. - ' -i ':V • l-i. VICTORIA. ^ ... ^Tbe"Gap 3tange Murders," as tliey are called, seem to iurnisli an inexhaustible themefor the local press. From the following it-will be seen that the topic has stimu~ \- - - - « .1 tr .. . lated-the imagination of the Yass Coirw\r. "Superstition has planted a^ghost at the ;scfeBfe 6rthis fearful tragedy. We mentioned "in^btir last issue that the house m which the murders were committed had been abandoned, and that the man "who had taken charge> of Gonroy's sheep had located hunself _jn tlie detached building from^which Mrs Conroy -emerged on the fatal night, only me® . same doom as her husband and others. Since then it would appear that some persons had temporarily taken up their abode in the mam building, and oil the first night of their sleeping tliere a hand described as heavy as that of a human creature passed over their ' bodies while they laid in bed. On the second night, by the light of the fire which we have referred to as burning all night, m the place Where the shepherd slept, a figure dressed m black was seen in the room where tlie murder, < were perpetrated. The superstitious' may .probably suppose that it was That figure clothed from head to foot, Which keeps the keys of all the creeds. \- However, one thing is certain, that so alarmed were all those at the farm house, temporary " ' sojourners and. the shepherd, that they have abandoned the place, and have pitched tlieir camp, on the bank of the creek. The prisoner , Monday continues to exhibit no remorse, and ..is seemingly quite rational on the subject of j Ms past atrocious career. The m edical officer of the gaol, Dr O'Connor, is perfectly satis■ i-fied as to the culprit's sanity; but we suppose \- that when he is put upon his trial, the jury • "will be directed to take evidence as to his -ability to plead/' Some further particulars concerning Monday, the murderer, we find in the Yass Courier: ■*—"This fiend in human shape is still an inmate of the Yass gaol, but it is expected th'afc he will be removed to Goulburn in a few days. Dr Campbell visited the gaol on . Saturday last, for the purpose of endeavoring to. ascertain, the mental state of the prisoner, and .we understand that the impression, on the doctor's mind is that Monday is non • compos mentis. After washing his feet from i the dust of the roads, for it must be remembered that he had no boots on when taken, :"there were unmistakeable stains of blood— the blood of his victims—on his'heels, and which it has been found impossible to remove. * He is still very communicative about the murders he has cbmmitted, although the rest of the prisoners hold no intercourse with him ."whatever. He often repeats that he knows lie will be hanged, and does not desire to ;3ive;; as be had all through life been cruelly treated, he "wished to see what sort of plaice i;tbe other-was. On one occasion, in alluding to the Gap murders, he said they were ^iiothttjgdfco what he did at Maitland, and for •"whidh'lie received a sentence of fifteen years. He appears to have always suspected those " Who employed bim of intention to cheat him • biS Tsraiges. He said he hired once with the family of a squatter, and when the time approached for the completion of his agreement, he expected nothing else than to ' be turned at way without a settlement. * If,' said he, 'they, had done so, I would have put the whole of them to sleep.' He further said that Conroy's lot was not the first he had put to sleep. Death, lie said, did not frighten him ;_he was.Beyer frightened of it but once, when, while on horseback, he was at the edge of a precipice, and one false step would have sent him to the other world- Since the terrible deeds were enacted at the Gap, no ' one - has occupied the house in which the ■ murders were committed. The mattress 1 "which had covered some pf the bodies, and which had been left under the verandah, had been removed, and we believe burnt. The '' man who assisted in. placing the bodies in the ^ cart on the morning after the murders has since taken charge of the sheep, and occupies , the detached building in which Mrs Conroy ■. slept. At night the passer-by will be" attracted ; by the gla?e of an immense <fire, which may .he? Been through the slabs, rendering objects at a distance of fifty yards plainly visible. '• We should suppose that the remnant .of. the family will cause the building to be razed to r the ground and burtit, destroying all visible c triiceS of a Isi^ne^of fcnch horror/' On the subject of the gold-fields at the * 4Cap6 tiif G661 H6pe, **' A'Christian minister in : the Transvaal'* writes to the Colesberg ^AdvertiserSome of your readers may 0|>e^haps a^k whjj, if ^jr%be sucti marvellous 13S|[p^fiek||tee'is. ^c^untry,^. why former frayeflers^roiQf&t; tbe joyful ;to us. Reaving the question of the „'4ifigjKnjcejbetween the common traveller an d the keen, well-trained- scientific eye of our worthy German natiiiralist (Herr Mauch), it *1$ WS^{f&,me idiBtinctly ; tostate that the jealous, and seem tobe fully ali'Ke to thecon—Sequences should the white man discover the \ iSgiS&eu.; riestT i ®oi- Mo sooner ! does a wjilte ] traveller present ^idiffielf on Moelselffctze's border than he is "tafcen.'-up by some twenty, Mk^b^te^Mcdn^eySd^ir^ 'great "chief; never i» anyone allowed to go where ♦ It# plea^j-nbt^entK^e^identmi^sioBary ;< *' ' and tliese sable guardiari-aogels stick to the sfc^ngePs heels untiV Jie lias^eftTtlijeir coii fines. " Herr Mauch ~ had the - greatest difficultyto steal away frojii .tlieir eagle eyes ; and they continually asked him, 4 What are you looking for? Here is your way, get along-,' It was only by the help of a pretty Moshona chief, whom; lie had amply to reward, that he succeeded to accomplish what he did. , As soon as he communicated the facts to his fellow- traveller, Mr Hartley, the elephant-hunter, the latter spanned his waggon and drove away for fear of losing his neck; In vain did Herr Mauch entreat his companion to delay a few days, promising him two or three pounds weight of gold-dust; but -Mr Hartley was deaf, thinking his life was of more value. And let this be a warning to any | party who may wish to gather a golden harvest, to go in sufficient number, and prepare for what awaits them. I must moreover state that the tsetse abounds in many parts of the auriferous grounds, and the yellow fever in the summer season—so that every care is heeded, and medical n eans must be devised. The country is generally well watered, and game of every description may be shot for food. Herr Mauch is now on bis way to Natal to fetch his scientific instruments and other provisions. In March next (D.V.) he intends to start again for the interior, and is willing to bring any party to the gold-fields on their own responsibility ; from thence bis marchingordersjjo across the yet-undiscovered portions of the interior. I understand that the Transvaal Government are «bout to take some steps in order to give protection to parties who wish to .place themselves under their care. It seems then that the times are at hand when a way will be made in the desert, and the dark places of the land be opened; for when the rush for the * diggings' comes, it will revolutionise all surrounding native tribes and break through every obstacle ; and though many a one's bones will bleach in the desert, yet we shall see changes as great as those in California and' Australia ; and the Transvaal territory will yet become one of the most fertile, influential and populous dependencies of South Africa. Ma}7 this be to the glory of God and the good of men." A curious instance of the power cf growing trees to injure walls of brick or stone, has just been shown at the rear of the Custom'Hosue, Geelong, as the Register reports :—" Most persons have noticed the rows of gum trees that grow there so luxuriantly. The roots of these trees extend to a long distance round the trees, and some of them have pierced the brick wall of an underground tank, and are to be found in any quantity. As » hecessan' consequence, "they have rendered the tank worthless for the purpose for which it was constructed, as the water soaks away to the level at which the perforation was made." But our contemporary notices a still more serious business in connection with the building :—"■ For some time past it has been noticed that the wall of the Custom House, fronting towards the Bay. showed symptons of a subsidence of the foundations. It has now been officially inspected by two gentlemen from, the Office of Public Works. Under their direction the ground was opened in several places, and the wall bared to the footings for the purpose of examination, when the cause for the subsidence was at once apparent. It was found that when the building was commenced, the bottom of the trench dug out for the foundations was floored over with slabs of stringy bark timber four inches in thickness. On this perishable material the footings were placed, and then the walls were run up. As might have been expected, the stringy bark has completely rotted, and is now a soft mass that can be picked to pieces with the fingers. Nevertheless, on this unstaple fountain there has been raised a solid heavy superstructure of freestone, three lofty stories in height. There is, therefore, no reason for wondering at the subsidence of the building, as shown in places where a person can insert bis finger between the joints. We believe a report on the matter has been sent in to the department, and a remedy will have to be applied without delay, as .the wall is really kept from falling through being tied to the end and cross walls of the building. This circumstance shows that there must have been great want of knowledge and judgment, or very lax supervision, or, perhaps, something very much worse, on the part of the official or officials- who had the oversight of the erection of the building." A portion of the bells of St. Patrick's Cathedral were Thursday hung in the eastern tower. The bells, arrived in. Melbourne in 1853, and havesince lain in St. Francis's church, a wafting the competition of one of • the belfries of the new cathedral. They were cast by Sheridan, of Dublin, a bouse well known for its splendid production in bell founding. Some nice nuggets have been found on Korong within the last week or ten days. The largest was found on Pick and Shovel .Flat, in old .ground, weighing 23 oz; another by a puddler in Steele's Gully, whi:h weighed 13 oz ; and last and least, one of 4:oz 17 dwtat Italian Point. "The price of gold is increased 6d per onhce in Castlemaine, in consequence of an of .exchange,'* as lije local journals observe. We find.the following in ia Seech worth coutemporay:—Its consequence of the wool season drawing to a close, aii-incrfeased demand lor gold as a remittance is beginning to be experienced, and the banks have decided to raise Loth.the rate of exchange and the price of gold. The quotations, therefore, for Ovens alluvial gold s now £B 19s 6d per oz.'' j The usual5 generosity of the great mining companies is one of the most agreeable I features of gold-fields society. For example : —At the meeting of the Webster-street Freehold Company on Tuesday, a sum of £50 was voted to the widow and family of a miner named Parker, who was killed at the mine. The following votes were passed to thecharitablein^titutions, namely:—Hospital, £'30 ; and Benevolent and Orphan Asylums, 10 each. A somewhat extraordinary robbery is mentioned in a Cape of Good Hope journal of tbe 15th February :—" About eleven o'clock on Monday evening, in the temporary absence of E. W. Von/ Witt, the public executioner, some thief entered tbe room which; he at present occupies in Colesberg, and stole therefrom a quantity of wearing apparel and other articles, including the black uniform coat, leather belt -and large bowie-knife usually worn by Von Witt when engaged in his professional duties.'' A tuan named Marks, a puddler. has, where he was working at the head of Nick Gully, which is one of the small ! gullies leading to Crusce Gulty, come upon a few very acceptable nuggets, as the Bendigo Evening News reports. " One of the specimens w'eighed 57 oz, and contained 49. oz of gold; tbe" others respectively weighed 8 oz, 6 oz and 2 oz. In addition to these nuggets, it was affirmed that another large one had been discovered by the lucky man, the weight of which jvas not told. The "sinking was only 2 "feet deep where tbe precious metal was found. The discovery has caused a great sensation in ihe.neighborhood, and no doubt it will become a rush.'' A very heavy rain storm passed over Melbourne on Satu' day evening, between six and seven o'clock. The rain came down in torrents for about an hour, and portions of the street were soon rendered impassable. In Elizabeth- j street tbe water swept over the footpath, and converted the road into one sheet of water. Soon after seven o'clock a Frenchman named Louchet attempted to cross Klizabeth-street by the bridge in front of the Colonial Bank, but missing his footing he stepped over the side, and before he could recover himself he I was swept by the rushing flood under the bridge, that three minutes elapsed before be j could be extricated. He was at once taken to the Melbourne Hospital, and every exertion; made to restore animation, but without success, as the man gradually sank and died in three hours. The rumor that an official in one of the banks in Young was a defaulter turns out to be true. Mr Blake, of the Commercial Bank in that town, is the individual referred to. j His defalcations are estimated at £3000. He has disappeared nobody seems to know whither. We find the following particulars in the Yass Courier:—"We sincerely regret to learn that the rumor which was stated in our last issue to be prevalent in town has proved to be too true. The defaulter is Mr Isidore Maurice Blake, and we helieve he was a teller in the bank. He absconded about ten or twelve daj's ago. The deficiencies in his accounts appear to be much" larger than was at first supposed. It is stated at the present time that they amount to about £2500. Besides falsification of customers' and bank books, tbe fraud has been in part accomplished by means of erroneous entries of fixed deposits. It will be some time before all tbe receipts in these cases can be called in, and therefore the stated amount of deficiency is only an approximation. The last time MiBlake was seen after leaving Young was at Binalong at dark; he was then riding and leading a spare horse. Besides tbe inspector of the bank a clerk has been sent up from Sydney to assist in auditing the accounts.'' What is supposed to be a case of spontaneous combustion has just occurred in the Sandhurst district. On-Saturday a miner named John Crisp reported to the police, at Golden-Square, that a digger named James Knight, fifty years of age, was lying dead in his tent at Sheepshead Gully. ' Constable Clarke at once proceeded to the tent, from which a strong smell of decomposition was issuing. The door was locked, but by cutting the ealico in the upper frame he observed through the aperture thus made the deceased lying on his stretcher, with his working clothes on and tbe right leg and arm hanging over the side of the stretcher. "None of the things in the tent appeared to have been disturbed :n any way. On a stool at the head of the stretcher, next the fire, place, in , which lay the blackened embers of a fire, was an open book, and on a table close by deceased's head were a pipe, a hat, a pair of stockings, and a candlestick, the candle burned away and nothing buta little grease remaining in the socket. A close inspection of the body showed that the left side of the face, the chest and the . hand were burned black with fire, but, strange to say the bedding on which he lay, or the clothes he wore, except the sleeves of his flannel Crimean shirt from the «lbow to the rist and a little on the breast^ showed no sign of fire. Everything was left undisturbed and the case was rfeported to the cordher, who requested Dr. Befcham to examine the body. He did so, and in order that it might be' interred acoroiier's jury waseworn in at the Xorksbir£r;Hotel; arid■ vievedthe bodvthe inquest was adjourn&T; unjil; Tuesday, at one o*clock,to<givetfee police an rpportunity in the meantime of inquiring into the matter. The decc&sed; fras knownjjto be an habitual drunkard., l&e; body appeared to be on fire when examined, for it gave forth a fearfully sickening sinful as of roasting putrid flesh. . Even Fenianism may have its - comical aspect, it would appear, some of the arrests made " on suspicion" being apparently as egregious blunders as that of Barry Sullivan, in Belfast. One or two " sympathisers' " arrested here have been found less guilty of treason than intemperance, and it seems unlikely that anything more serious than a capacity for speaking and writing nonsense will be substantiated against the man Carson, at Eaglehawk. In Launceston the only/arrest has been that of a " sympathiser " who turned out to be a Scotchman 1 ; There is something particularly ludicrous in the capture of JaroeB Johnson at Yass, under the new Treaspt Felony Act. This furious traitor is described as "an Englishman well stricken in years." The officials who prosecuted him in the YaSs, Police Court were Sub-inspector Brennan and Constable Timothy Burke—whose names sufficiently denote their nationality. The Irish sub-inspector was particularlybard upon the English Fenian .*—He said that Johnsoi^ had got drunk, and was put in the lock-up, and then told constable Burke that he was a Fenian. " He $M.r Brennan) did not knowwhere the prisoner came from, who he was, or hoifc he was occupied, but directly he had learned what the prisoner had stated he ordered his arrest. So long as he (Mr Brennan) was in the police, 'he would put the act in force. It might be called a stringent act, but with that he had nothing to do; he was determined to do his duty; whoeyer he might please or offend, he had determined.to put an. end to all such work as had been going on." Constable Burke, examined by Inspector Brennan, deposed that the prisoner was "beastly drunk.'' "I did not ask you for that," observed the inspector. " He said, *1 am a Fenian!*"' responded the docile constable. In reply to theBench, Johnson admitted that "he was a little groggy; that he wa§ sixty-five years of age, and that it was not likely be was a Fenian/' Yet this poor | old English tailor was committed Jot trial and | locked up in default of bail through the | abounding (and, of course, very meritorious) j zeal of Irish Sub-inspector Pat Brennan and Constable Tim Burke! Really, if this ridiculous kind of thing proceeds, it may divert attention from cases of serious crimijtujjty. Somebody is to blame for the prematpre death of that poor French cook^ ^ho was drowned in .Elizabeth-street tbe4>tber day. Had there been an underground sigfrer to carry ' off the storm water, there. wotwp$Ave been no such flood as to convert one ofIbur^iiiicipal streets into a river; and the hapless Henri Louchet might have lived all the days of his. life. Our civic authoritie^, w^ild np doubt feel shocked at being held l^sp&d;&ible; for the disaster, although it is clear enough that they alone are accountable for the -absence of underground drainage, and thattheir recent " improvement"—the elevation ^ |he open sewer-bed—caused tins unfortuhatl.mah to be stuck under the bridgetill he was#uff oeated. Be this as it may, one might natunillyexpect that, after an occurrence so ^ni|ckli^g, our civic senators would take care toprevent a repetition of it. Previously, there had been many narrow escapes from drowning Sunder similar circumstances, but we believe this the first instance of-an. actual violentj^eath in " the River Elizabeth,'' and itneedsnqargument to show that it ought to be the last. The victim, indeed, happens tp be onlyapoor " French cookbut thereis nokhowing what eminent person may not be overwhelmed in some future flood. Boritawj^^jj^ old illustration adapted to sucti.case'f, fancyone of our worthy aldermen or councillors stuck under a street bridge, and done todeath in that ignominious position! Why,, the calamity might befall our iudefagitable Mayor, or, more horrible still, tbeRecbrder -f Seriously, the City Council one of its most importani^llg^o^^i^Xt much longer defers the, question , of public sewerage, while dallying' wlthojiierpro^eets-not pressing, to say the least^its members have been indifferentto iheglow but certain injury the fetid open chann^l»Sict upon the. public health,' "V not continue so when '•' • possibility that. horrible'. through their laches. Why ■.. an elaborate system of sewerage -^r^the entire* city ? After all, streets really Sable to great floods; and the cost of. sewering these wculd be comparatively a bagatelle.—April 4. ? A squatter, near Murrumburrab, the other day, disposed of 160 horsesfor "3!he sacrifice wasf»adein oVder to clear his run of unprofitable ltock. The; purchaser was Mr Warby, of Wagga Wagga. Information has reached Sandhurst of ..the. death of Mr James Beck, a traveler in the employ pf Messrs Qohn Brother«, brewJer#. It. appears.that Mic ^Pkck. <«> Wednesday morning with a dray load of goods, to fake ! Ely eian Flat, - icalling at Ray wood on tbewayont. HeleftRfty wood • some time in the afternoon wjtb his^U'ay'— ' ■' : r 