^(THE 'DEPARTURE OF BISHOP POMPAL ?'ft - L1ERFR0M AUCKLAND. ,/ On Wednesday evening last, the Clergy and i...Jurity. of the Roman Catholic Church, in Auck land, as well as members of other denominations ' assembled in St. Patrick's Cathedral, for the ? purpose of presenting a valedictory address to v the Right Rev. John Baptist Francis Pornpallier, ? D,D., Bishop of Auckland, on the occasion of his approaching departure to Europe on a visit to the Holy See. The Church was crowded, and cers of the French transport Chevert, and the leading members of the Roman Catholic deno mination in Auckland. There were also present £ the Sisters of the Holy Family with their pu ./.'.-. pils ; also the following clergymen who accom panied the Bishop : — The Very Rev. Dr. c M 'Donald, Vicar-General; Very Rev, Walter ,--. M 'Donald, Private Secretary to the Bishop ; Rev. Father Fynes, Howick ; Rev. Father Paul, /; Onehunga ; Rev. Father Gregorie, Bay of ls v. lands ; Rev. Father Boibeux, Rotorua ; Rev. .: Father Hoyne, Tauranga : Rev. Nivardo Jour -.i dan, Shortland Town; Rev. Father O'Hara, ' Otahuhu ; and Rev. Father O'Reilly, Auckland. ?' Ihe proceedings were opened by the choir, . who under the skilful direction of Miss KunsS, ? sang the 'Veni Creator' very effectively. After religious services, the Very Rev. Dr. M 'Donald, .', Vicar-General, read the following address : — , 'Address of the clergy to the Right Rev. ? John Baptist PompalUer, O.D., Bishop of the ??: the Diocese of Auckland, New Zealand, on his ?? Lordship's journey to Europe, and especially to ? . the Holy See. Auckland, February 12th 1868. £.? My Lord,— May your Lordship be pleased that we, your devoted clergy, express our sentiments of fillial affection to you, on your departure to ? Rome, now for the third time, on matters of sal * ??? yation. We know, my Lord, that your mission . .to Europe, and your conference with the succes sor of St. Peter, Pius (IX., will cause many : Spiritual blessings to fall on your Lordship's dio cese. ' Indeed, your truly Apostolic spirit, sound ? learning, profound humility, and long experience ;.in the Apostolic life, have' always merited for your Lordship the greatest respect and reverence from the Europeans and natives of this country. Moreover, your many self-abnegations and ardu . bus labours in your episcopal function in this diocese, and in various other parbs of the South ; Seas, for the last thirty years, will be always 1 remembered with the deepest sense of gratitude by your zealous clergy and devoted flock; and even your temporary absence will be uiaiversally '?' regretted. You are, my Lord, the Apostle of *? New Zealand, being the first who sowed the '* seed of our holy faith in this country. Wo sin ; cerely and fervently pray to Jesus, through the . intercession of his immaculate mother, the blessed 'Virgin Mary, that you may safely arrive at ?': your destination, and after having arranged all ?' the matters of salvation with the head of the * Church, and having received from his Holiness 'the Apostolic benediction, may soon return to 1 your dear diocese, to feed with the bread of life ? by your usual paternal solicitude, care, and holy zeal, the sheep and lambs of the good Shepherd *'in Heaven committed to your pastoral and zeal '; tms charge during the thirty-two years of your '?' Episcopacy by two Popes successively, namely : *'bjr Gregory XVI., of venerated memory, and by f his most worthy successor, tire present and ;' equally venerable Pius EX., both the Vicars of ?Jesua Christ on. earth, and the visible heads of I r the Church. May your Lordship bring to us, I ?and to all your beloved flock, from the limina ?' * ^Apostoloruin, many spiritual blessings attached j ^to their sacred and holy sepulchres ! As a' tumble tribute of our filial gratitude, we shall I ' 'always remember you in our prayers and offer frequently for your Lordship the Holy sacrifice of the mass, that Goi. in His mercy and good ' ness, may guide and protect you in your long 'Voyage and perilious journeys. Most humbly ;requestiner vour Lordshin'a hnW hmpAle-tinn ? 'We have the honor to be with the most profound ?'respect and veneration, your Lordship's most affectionate and deroted spiritual sons in Jesus Christ,— (Signed) on behalf of the clergy of the ; diocese, James M 'Donald, Vicar- General.— The 'Right Reverend John Baptist Francis Pompal tier; 1) D., Bishop of the Diocese of Auckland, HffiV Zealand.' The Bishop briefly returned thanks for the prayers and good wishes expressed in the address, i \- ? and intimated hia intention of replying at a later ; ? . utage. . I ?IvMriS3ts' G' Leabv- T- Waters, and A. Oliver ; ?then came forward and read the following ad dress on behalf of the laity : ? ;!' To the Right Rev. Dr. Pompallier, Bishop , -tf Auckland. May it please yaur LordBhip,— vl is. with feelings of veneration and respect for ' -vour sacred. character that we, the Catholics of the diocese of Auckland, beg leave to make .known to your Lordship the regret we feol that v^your .episcopal duties and the interests of the ^Catholic Church in New Zealand require you to visit Europe, and especially the Holy See. We ?beg your Lordship to convey to our Holy Father the Pope our warm attachment to his sacred ?person. Your unceasing efforts to spread the -.true faith in these islands are well known to us and we trust that the great obiect of vour lifo' ?Viz., the salvation of souls, will be further ?advanced by your mission to the centre of Catho licity. While your Lordship is thus engaged in our spiritual interest, we, ou our part, will not be neglectful of our duty. Wo will fervently pray that He who controls the winds and waves 'will grant you a safe and happy voyage, a pro« sperous issue to all your undertakings for the S advancement of our holy religion, and a speedy -:. return to your dear diocese of Aucklsnd. In (Conclusion, w© beg your Lordship's prayers for the ?accomplishment of allgood works in New Zealand, ^and your episcopal benediotion upon your whole jflock.— Signed on behalf of the of the Diocese of Auckland, James M 'Donald, Vicar-General, Chairman; Atche3on Oliver, junr., George sLeahy, John Joseph Playford, Peter Leonard, members of Committee. — Auckland, New Zea and, February 12, 18$8,M His Lordship briefly thanked them for the address, but reserved nia reply. ' A. M.D.G.— Auckland, New Zealand, Feb ruary 12th, 1861. To the Right Rev. Dr. Pompallier, Bishop of Acukland. j-lay it please your Lordship.— We, the members of St. Pat rick's Catholic Young Men's Society, avail our selves of the opportunity afforded by your de parture for Europe and the Holy See, to tender you our sincere sentiments of filial patron age that you have extended to our Society since its commencement. During your leng career of labours and difficulties in the diocese^ you have, by your affability and candour, and by your Catholic benevolence which has been so frequently exercised, endeared yourself to all who have had the happiness to cotue in contact with you. Moreover we are bound in justice on this occasion to recognise your anxious and lau dable efforts to spread the blessings of our Holy Faith, even to the most renuoto parts of the dio cese. In conclusion, we humbly beg to assure your Lordship that we will be constant in our prayers to Almielity God that he inav errant von a favourable journey to your destination, that you may speedily return, and that we may have the honor and happiness of receiving from your hands the apostolic benediction of our chief Pastor on earth. Begging your Lordship's bene dictioH upon ourselves and our endeavours to dip use Catholic literatme, (Signed), on behalf of St. Patrick's Young Men's Society, Walter M 'Donald, Private Secretary, Spiritual Director, John Joseph Playford, President. . ' Ecce sacer dos maguus, qui in diebus suis plaouit Deo.' — Ps. cix.' « ?? His Lprdship said he was delighted to see that so beneficial and exemplary a society was con nected with his flock, am? he assured them that they would ever have his warm sympathy and prayers for their welfare. He would give his answer at a subsequent stage. mel, of the 2nd Battalion 18fcli Regiment (Royal Irish) stationed in Auckland; 'To the Right Rev. Dr. Pompallier, Bishop of Auckland. , May it please your Lordship, — We, the. Council and members of the Confraternity of Mount Carniel, cannot allow your Lordship to take your tlepar ture for Europe, and especially the Holy' See, without expressing the sincere feelings of regret which, we feel in losing your Lordship's paternal advice even for a short time. The kindness of your heart manifested in the cave of the poor children, and in numerous other way3, together with the energetic manner in which you have successfully laboured to diffuse the light of; faith in these remote islands, will indelibly engrave your Lordship's name oa our memories. It is a source of gratification to know that the impor tant services which you have rendered :tq reli gion are as well known and appreciated in Europe as in New Zealand. We shall not omit during your Lordship's absence to pray that God, through the intercession of our Blessed Patroness, may grant you a safe and prosperous voyage and a speedy return to New Zealand. Begging your Lordship's holy benediction upon our Confraternity, — We have the honour to remain, with muoh esteem and affection, your Lordship's faithful and devoted children (signed). Very Rev. Walter M 'Donald, Spiritual Director ; William Gordon, Prior ; James Starky,' Sub Prior ; Andrew Healon, Secretary. His Lordship said he felt much gratified, at the many marks of esteem and regard which he had received, and he assured them that, the society, no loss than the regiment with which it was con nected, had his blassing. . ,';. 'To the Ri«ht Rev. John Baptist -Francis Pompallier, D.D, Bishop of Auckland. My Lord and beloved Father in God, your affection ate and devoted spiritual daughters, the Sisters of Mercy presume to approach your Lordship to present our sentiments of respect and gratitude, dictated by affection for your careful solicitude for our spiritual welfare, whom you conducted to Auckland now more than eighteen years since. vuv nearcs are saddened by the thought of your long abseuce, but most venerated Father in God, your invaluable instructions will enable us to bear the heavy cross which your departure (though I only temporary) is to your very dear children ins meted under your paternal care. Do we not owe your Lordship our deep and sincere feel' ings of gratitude— gratitude which springs from hearts that have learned to appreciate those vir tues which adorn and ennoble the Christian and religious. Most reverend Father in God, may your return to your own devoted children soon take place ; and long may we hear from your lips the sweet words of peace and mercy, ere you be United in singing the praises of the Lamb with Heaven's inmates. And may that conformity, instilled by mercy's own gift, shed iu its beams around you in the midst of the trials, perils, and fatigues, consequent on a long voyage. Our prayers shall be incessantly offered to the Father of Mercies, the intercession of our blessed Mother of Mercy, for your Lordship's safe voyage, a speedy return to your sorrowing flock. Begging you to solicit the benediction of his Holiness for your devoted daughters, and asking your paternal blessing for this community, weremain, with every feelingof respect, andaffec tion, your Lordship's most obedient daughters, wiu oiswjds oi mercy. — irxy Xtora, jylaky I'AUL, Superioress of the Sisters of Mercy.' His Lordship then read the following reply : — 'To the respected aud dear clergy, and faith ful of the diocese of Auckland. — Dearly beloved, — I have received with feelings c*f humility your kind expressions to Gcd, to whom all glory be longs, and with gratitude and edification the sentiments of your pious and filial address. My departure for Europe and especially for the Holy See, is all for the interest of your souls and the diocese. My absence for a while from your res pective assemblies, iu the Church, and where ever they may take place, affects me as muoh as you may be affected, dear children in Jesus Christ. But when the general good of a diocese and of religion itself requires it, the will of God must be done. There must be no hesitation in the first pastor, your devoted Bishop, to offer hi3 will and himself oa the altar of abuogatibn, and conformity to the will of God, and to expose even his own life and the dangers of long travels at sea and on land, round the world for the cause of God — the real author and owner of our bodies and souls, and who understands more than the best king on earth how to reward His servants. He gives to them a hundred-fold of blessings in this world, and eternal life in heaven, for all their works of abnegation. Are not these divine words a source of consolation for you, dearly beloved, remaining in the diocese, and for me going to the Holy See ? We are all accomplishing the. holy will of God. I am grateful for your prayers and charity, for your accompanying me in spirit up to the chair of the successor of St. Peter. I am very happy to re present you there, and to offer to his Holiness your filial feelings of veneration, love, and sub mission iu matters of salvation. Yes I am happy, in the unity of the Episcopacy with him to represent you at his feet as his lambs and sheep — as a beloved portion ef the brother Church, which his vast Catholic flock of all ages aud places of the world - a flock -which, accord ing to . the style of the Apocalypse, is a groat multitude of Christians of all nations, tribes, peoples, and tongues. When the apostolic hands of the Vicar of Christ will bleBs your Bishop, abundant blessings will fall from heaven, upon you all, dearly beloved, through the special intercession of St. Peter and St. Paul, whose sepulehers. and sacred remains are religiously preserved at Rome. May bhe blessings of God flowing from the centre. of the church be abundant for the clergy and faithful of this dear diocese of Auckland ? Yes, may these blessings be abundant upon yon, Rev. Fathers, and our respected fellow labourers, by the pastoral ministry ; aud in the meantime still pur dear spiritual .sons by the sacrament of ordi nation through which you have received an im mortal nriesfchoorl. Mav rrnr mnah »ini.o.li1ft Master, the good Shepherd in Heaven, give to you what he gave to his Apostles — a great in crease of gifts of the Holy Ghost, with the vir tues of simplicity, prudence, and caution in your pastoral ministry towards humanity, and for the salvation of numerous souls. May the Holy and Immaculate Virgin Mary, called the Queen of the Clergy, protect you and all your respective flock through her powerful intercession towards Jesus, her Divine Son! May the blessings of the centre of the Church be abundant for you, sacred nuns and dear spiritual daughters, ye, the Sisters of Mercy and the Sisters of the Holy Family, who, by your prayers in the sanctuary, ' and by your works of education and charity, tion of souls. May the blessing of the centre of the Church be abundant for you, dear faithful of the two races, Europeans and Maoris in this dio cese. May your humble prayers- on the holy sepulchres of St. Peter and St. Paul obtain for you all the blessings of a Christian life, the means to support the works and spiritual labours of religion, the graces of improvement in all the' virtues of salvation and final perseverance. May your children, the little lambs of my flock, re ceive, in pur Catholic schools and colleges, not only instruction for lighting their minds but also a Christian education for directing their hearts in the way of Christian mo-, rality. How beneficial will be always Ca tholic schools, where the children arc taught the Creed and the Decalogue, which are tlie basis of religion, civilization, and even politeziess in society. Such schools are really nurseries of. Christian pupils. These souls can, indeed, always breathe there an atmosphere of learning and virtue. Rejoice, all ye who work with such principles for the education of youth I May again my prayers on the sepulchres of the, holy apostles at Rome, obtain abundant graces for you, dear Christian military men of the garrison of Auckland, who give edification by the virtues of temperance, abnegation, and pious exercises of religion in the cathedral ! Be blessed in all your duties by ' rendering to. Ca!3ar what is Caesar's, aad to God what is God's.' May yet my humble prayers at the sepaleher of j St. Peter and St. Paul, at Rome, be heard by the Good Shepherd in heaven for you, dear members of St. Patrick Catholic Young Men's Society, who, animated with a real Catholic spirit, can not but draw blessings upon the parish and the diocese, by prayers and good works are of great vulue in the communion of saints. Let us unite all, clergy and laity, sheep and lambs of the flock, to obtain the removal of Ralamities from society aud the Church. May God grand the triumph of truth, the union of charity, the success of the greatest of all affairs, spiritual salvation ; and may he also give prosperity and welfare to New Zealand, to all people, to their temporal rulorB in society, and to the pastors in the Church'. May God finally hear your good prayers for the interest of the.;diocese, for the success of the journey of your most affectionate spiritual father and moBt devoted Bishop. — (Signed) John Baptist Francis Pompallier, Bishop of Auckland, New Zealand.— St. Patrick's Cathedral, Auckland, February 12, 1868.' 