DISTRICT NEWS. FltOH Ol.'n OWN* COKUEfirONUBNTS, WA HAT A IT. DiSHOi.viNc, A'n:\vs. — We hiul a grand eiliilii tinn of ilissiilviiit; viows horu on lUunduy night ln«t in li-nvs'in's Assumlily Rdiuiis, Thuy woro exliiliitiid liy Mr. Julinsoii, from Moruuth. Smnu nf thu viows wure ronlly buniitiful, L.s[)uci ally thi) tins ncriptnrnl ones. Tliero was n great nuiiiliur of iHT.scina nri'sont and tliuv wcru all Biitialiud with' tliu unturlainmunt. Foot- hack — A font-rauo took place lioro on Saturday uvouiiiif Jant liebveen Simon Hall ami ?Iiimus IJankn, fur £20 aside, Hanks having two yards start, which hu kupt for a littlo way, lint wiviciiu^lit by Hall, who won the raco by about two yard.-). Tho Wiiratah Dand colubratod their annivor sary on Saturday iiii-lit lust, at Mr. Arnold's Miners' Anns, with a ball and aininnr. 'I'liorii woroagondly numbiir sat down to mippcr, and didamplu jiiiiticu to tho good things provided by host Arnold. Dancing waa kupt up till twelvu o'clock, ut which hour thoy had to knock off, it being Saturday night. Lkiitijuk. — A lucl'iiro was delivered hero in tho Wualoyan Chapul on Tuesday night lust, by tho Jtov. Mr. Nolan. Subject—' Ghosts.' It \va3 Tory fairly attondud, nnd was very instruc tive Our now Public School was opened on Mon day. The children woro all delighted with (ho iduaof going into tho new school. There is ono benefit thu children will derive from it, viz , it is warmer than the slab place thoy wero in before. Yolwo Mkn's Associatiojc— Tho fortnightly meeting of thu Primitive Muthodist Young Men'* Association waa ludd in thu chapul, on Wednec dny evening. Tliero waa a fair attendance, and the VicuPresidunt of tho Newcastle AsHncintiori, in tha Rev. Mr, Ward'a absonco, occupied tho clmir. After tho preliminary remarks bud been disposed of, Jlr. M'M^iclmel opened tho question 'Which undurwunt the greater afflictions and ' triiils— David or Job ? ' or somotl i g to thnt efl'tict. Tho essnyiat argued on the Dido of David, wliilo Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Jiuli, and others elo quently contended that Job's trials wero tho heaviest. The debate was conducted in a nice 1 »pirit, and was vory entertaining am! instructive. It was ducided, by a largo majority, against the essayist. Two recitations by a visiting member . brought the proceedings) to a clnse. Several ^ new members were proposed, and tho association scums to b0 gaining ground n littlo. SiiiKsiiss. — I am sorry to liuvo to report that tliere is a great deal of sickness about just now — njore so, perhaps, than wo have kuowu for a long time. I'lio mines aro working pretty well. 