IMBECILE SPITE. We have an unlimited belief in the power of human stupidity. There is nothing too foolish or too outrageous for man's mind, in certain conditions to put forth or to receive. Therefore, as a rule, we are not easily surprised at anything we read or hear. The ' Cock Lane Ghost,' ' Mary Crofts,' ' -Java;i- agh, the Pasting Vfan,' the ' Industrious Fleas, and the 'Whistling Oyster' — each of these found a crowd of fools to believe, and to pay for their belief, iH it. The 'Postal Scripture Mission (for sending the Gospel through the world by post) ' ! ! is the newest madness at this moment. Old dowagers and pious admirals believe in it, and ' Uriah Heap,' and ' Melchisedec Howler' make their imoney. out of it so why should we interfere ? According to the ad vertisement, the manager, who hails from Clifden, in Gal way, sends the Gospel at the following rates : — ' Halfpenny each, with a stamp extra for postage or 'post free for 6d. per dozen ; or 3a. 6(1. ? per 100.' By what a very simple process of arithmetic Papi-it and heathen may be converted ; .ami how obliging and kind itis to let salvation go through the world at so cheap a figure ! We have no doubt that should the affair last long enough, there will be reaped a very rich harvest, if not of souls, at all events, of something not altogether without value. We have frequently observed, when schemes such as this are in their first flush, who the gentlemen are that chiefly profit by it. Ill-conditioned vagabonds — to whom, in their senses, our countrymen would not entrust the care of at bound — become suddenly transformed, and appear b»fore tke public in that cheerful costume peculiar to quack doctors, under takers' men, and City missionaries. We have acci dentally seen two documents issued by this apostolic office — the one is entitled, the 'Counting the Cost;' the other, 'The Real Anti-Christ Dis covered.'. , The delicious author of each has con cealed his name, and this, if not humility, is cer tainly something else. 'Counting the Cost' is a collection,' o£v various texts of sacre^ Scripture, singu larly perverted from their meaning, or from any meaning whatsoever excepting this — have the ' Pos tal Scripture Mission' all that you possess: for (says the paper) is not money Mam*aon, and is not the cost of it damnation? 'The Heal Anti Christ Discovered' has not, like its companion, the lenst claim to originality As Croker would say, it ia not even ' the oW dog in the now doublet.' It is sim ply the old dug himself, in the same stupid and ragged covering, out of which he has been shaken over and over again a thousand times and more. It calculates for us the Number of the Beast; in the numerical letters of three words in the Hebrew, Latin, an I. Greek, ' all applying exactly, to the 'Pope.' Therefore the pope ia Aiiti Christ. What li left us after this, except to hide our dimin ished heads, or else to send. a very substantial sub scription to the ' Postal Scripture Mission,' and beg of the manager to say no more about it ? However, let not our readers be alarmed. We have no inten tion of inflicting upon them, either the bad grammar or the wretched logic, or the silly assertions, of the GUlway prophet. We are merely geing to speak a little upon a subject which he has kindly suggested to us. His conclusions are merely aa incorrect re print of that, which has been confuted and 1 tughed at for centuries. If he believes ia what he sayd, the madhouse' is his proper asylum — if he does not believe it, we must rank him with those whom we would much rather not meet alone at a late hour of a dark night. So now, wishing him all the success he de serves, and no more, we gladly quit his company, to devote ourselves fora few moments, to the subject he has brought before our consideration. The Apoc alypse is the name given. to the last book of the New Testament, which contains the account- of the visions of St. Joha the Evangelist. On account of its meta nhoric.i.1 lanauaae. it has furnishaJ evm-v sact of fanatics winh sentences in support of their wildest dreams. It is only in the hands of the church that such a book becomes a treasure of devotion and a help to piety. It has been called the Go-.pel of Christ Risen ; but heretics have made of it a very workshop, out of which they have produced imple ments for attacking the faith of Christ, but which have prove! fatal to themselves. As we have the intentiou of writing, not a volume, but only a few lines, we will confine ourselves, at present, to the Protestant interpretation of the last sentence of the 13th chapter ot this Book of St. John. 'Here is wisdom. Let him that hath understanding count the number of the beast; for it is the number of a man; and his number i« six hundred three score and six;' which the Protestants of Gal way interpret in the following manner :— ' Romilth (the Hebrew for ? Roman') 666 ; Luteinoa (the Greekjtor ' Latin') 666 ; Vicarius Filii Dei (Latin) 666. The number of the beast is hete calculated in the numerical letters of three word.s in the Hebrew, Greek, and Latin, the numeration of which languages consists of letters instead of figures — all applyiug exactly to the Pope, and constituting the fatal number six hundred and sixty six.' The 'ergo' from, ail this is most inevitable — the Pope must be Anti Christ. Oh ! these bluuderers in the rudiments of language -these puddlers ia Theology and Sacred Scripture ! how have we patience with them ! It ia impossible for ths word Anti-Christ to signify Vicar of Christ; anti always implies opposition -vicarius always implies subordination. Auti Christ is the enemy of Christ, not bis Vicar. Now, the Holy Roman Pontiff always styles himself the servant of Chrisi, his chief famulus, erer, first to do the will of God the Son. We wish our adversaries a better ac quaintance with language before they attempt to draw up another table of literal dates. For ' Vic^. rius Filii Dei' does not mean ' making himself head of the Church instead of Christ—' and Rjinilth doe mot mean 'Rornanus' and Lateinos is incurred Q-reek for the same' word. Besides, if we set out wits to work, we can discover many more words than the three given us which will make up the number 666\. In the Greek languige the following to ' deny'1 the; 'sun,' 'illustrious,' 'victor,' 'deprave, leader,' 'truly hurtful'— all give us in numeration 666\. Most delightful of all, Gennehard observt* that the name of Luther in Hebrew makes up thid mykical number ! It ie only fair that we should Btate that there have been among Protestants t»eu of education and intellect, ready to denounce the folly wej have been considering, and equally indignant with ourselves that this mystical Book, should bf turned by the malicious and ignorant to thepurposfe of nourishing.sectarian hatred or amusing; the foolish hopes of credulous people. Making Anti-Christ out of him who through all the ages has stood forth chief assertor of the Divinity of Jesus ; and endeavouring to stamp the character of the Beast upon that fore head where the Cross of salvation is seen to glitter. Hammond and the illustrious Crotius are among the few out of the Church who have seen and acknow ledged the absurdity aHd fanaticism we have beea endeaveurinj to expose. — London Examiner. 