THE DEAD CHILD. "Had you ever anything to do with forg iug, sir?" This somewhat startling question was put to me by an Irish mechanic, in the parlour of a wayside inn, not a hundred miles from Mel- bourne, into which we had both been driven by a heavy shower. We had been having a somewhat interesting conversation on various subjects, in which he had shown that he pos- sessed, not only much natural intelligence and humour, but a great deal of general, if desul- tory, information. His question was, appa- rently, apropos of nothing that we were talk- ing of, but I replied, 'Do you mean forging on metals or on pa- per?" "Oh, I mean writing another man's name instead of himself." "Well, no," I said, "I can't say that I have. But what makes you ask the question?" "Why, the fact is, sir, something you were saying awhile ago reminded me of a scrape I got into once, and I never remember it without feeling onaisy; and as the rain's still coming down, I'll tell you the way of it, if you'd like. I should reamrk that my companion's language was sometimes quite free from the brogue, while at intervals it very decidedly cropped out. I shall try in what follows, to reproduce his story as he told it. I begged him to do as he suggested, and we hent on:— "It was this way. I onst forged my own name, and a mortal fright I was in, to be sure." "How did that come about?" "It was years ago, in ould Ireland, and when I was a very young man, that I belonged to a tontine society. Some way or other they made me chairman; and I did it fine, too, making nate little speeches, and telling them to keep quiet when they would be making a row—all but one thing, and that was how I got into the scrape. Every three months the officers of the society was changed, and the chairman and the man that kept the money— cash steward they called him—had to hand over the books and what money there ought to be, to them as came in next. Well, just when my three months was nearly up, me and the other chap found out that we were somewhat about two pounds short. This was an awful fix, for I was out of the work at the time, and the other fellow, though he had been doing a nice little business, and was worth a hundred and fifty pounds a few weeks before, was just going through the Insolvent Court. "Oh, Holy Father," says he, "what's to be done? It'll be the ruin of me intirely if we don't pay, and I can't raise the money now if it was ever so." "No more can I," I says, and then a sudden idea strikes me ("I've a first-rate head for ideas, sir," he here observed parenthetically), so I says to Maloney—Maloney was this other man's name—"Maloney," I says, "we must got a dead child!" "Is it a dead nhild!" he says. "What is it you mane at all?" Now, I must tell you, sir (this to me) that the society lent three pounds to any member on the death of a child, to pay funeral expen- ses, and this sum had to be repaid by weekly instalments of a shilling. So you see, if we could get a dead child, we could make the money right, and easy pay the shilling a week. Well, Maloney didn't like it at all, but I argued him into it; so away we goes to Jack Riley, that was my brother-in-law, and says I to him, quite grave- like, "Jack, you must have a dead child!" "Is it drunk yez are, at this time o' the day?" says he, "or do yez want to make a fool o' me?" "Neither, by the holy poker," says I. But I tell you we want you to have a dead child, and more by token, you must!" "What's your maning!" says he. I have three hearty children, and would I kill ather of 'em?" "Why," says I, "look here. This man and me is short in the money av the society, and we must make it up somehow. Now, if you'll only consint to have, a dead child," I says," we can make it all right, and we'll pay the shilling a week regular." "Divil a bit o' me 'll do it," says he. Maloney, who was looking as miserable as a ghost all the time, was just going to spake, when I whispered to him, "Leave me alone, and you'll see how I'll slew him." "Now, Jack," I says to him smothering like, "you'r fond of your 'tots,'" says I, "and if you're agreeable to this little schame," I says, "Me and this man will give you five shillings each." Well, the long and the short of it was, sir, we talked him into it, and the application was sent in to the trustees. Well, of course, as I was chairman, and Maloney a steward, and we agreed to be "bails" for him, it was easy done, and we got the money straight, and paid Jack Riley his ten shillings. But the worst part of the business was when Maloney and myself were to sign the paper. There was only our two selves, but it was awful work. I put my foot firm against a form, and the perspiration went right into my brain, and I could think of nothing but policemen and gaols, and the wife lamenting at home, and the people jeering at me, but I did it, and then it was Maloney's turn. He was shivering and shaking till I thought he'd have dropped to pieces, and could hardly hold the pen, so, though I was awfully frightened myself, and no mistake, I takes him by the nape of the neck, and says to him quite cool and collected like— "You old fool, your a bigger man than me, and a stronger man," I says, "and I've signed; put yer fist there!" Well, he did it at last, and then he says, quite pale, "Can they do anything to us for this?" "Well," says I, "it's in gaol we'll be before the week's out, anyway." I thought he'd have dropped, so I tried the other game, and over-persuaded him that no- body would ever know any thing about it, so long as we paid regular as of course we would. "Then," says he, holding up both his hands in astonishment, "a London prig couldn't have done it better than you, Murphy," says he. Well, we agreed betwixt us that I was to pay the shilling for fifteen weeks, and he was to pay the next fifteen, and so on, and every- thing went on very well for about eighteen or twenty weeks, when one night—"Holy father! I shall never forget that night"— when Maloney and me were at one of the weekly meetings, the secretary says— "Jack Riley's three weeks behind in his payment for the loan for burying his child, and I sent down to him (seeing as Jack Riley never came to the meeting himself by reason of sickness in his eyes) and I sent down to him, he says, to ask for why, and he's just sent to say, he knows nothing about any dead child." I thought I should have dropped through the floor, and as for Maloney—he was sitting on the form behind—he was all one as a corpse. "If yon don't sit still," says I to him, "and hold your noise, I'll give you a kick, or put my fist through you. We're in for it, and must face it." "You're two of his bails," says the chair- man, looking at us. "We are," says I, quite bold, "and we're willing to pay the money." "That won't do," says another, a shoemaker —there was a whole lot of 'em shoemakers, "waxers" we call 'em—"that won't do," he says, "it strikes me that there's a bit of schame here." "Schame or no schame," says I, "I don't understand, and I'll go and see Jack Riley myself." "Oh, don't go," whispered Maloney behind, "I daran't stay here by myself." "We must go," says I, "what the blazes has Jack been doing. You sent him the money?" says I. "Yes, regular," says he. Well, the chairman said it must be inquired into, and when the meeting was over, me and the other fellow went over to Jack's. "Your brother's been doing us a fine turn, Mary," says I to my wife, who was standing outside, having heard what was up, "what's become of the money that Maloney sent?" "Why," says she, "Jack's been on the drink, it seems, and that's the way it's gone." Well, we could do no good with Jack, more by token the mischief was done, and he was is drunk as a fiddler, and we couldn't insense anything into him, and here we were in a pretty fix. Well, all was quiet for a few days, and then some of the "waxers" called a gen- eral meeting to inquire about this dead child of Jack Riley's, and Maloney and me, as you may guess, felt uncommonly queer. He was for staying away, for he was frightened out of his life to go, but I told him that would look as though we'd meant to rob them, which we didn't, seeing as how we only wanted to make things fair and square, and would have paid it all up honorable. "But they'll put us in gaol," says he, "and I shall be ruined, and my poor family," says he. "Oh!" And then he began to cry. However, last of all, we went to the meet- ing, and stood at the back of the room, and I heard one of the "waxers" propose that they should send for the police at onst, and make a charge against us. "Now's our time," says I to Maloney, and went forward, and him crawling behind, for all the world like a dog with his tail between his legs. "It's well that you've come," says the "waxer," for we was just going to charge you to the police." So I thinks to myself if I don't spake up, we're done for, and I takes a step forward and says, "Mr. chairman and gentlemen, seeing that you are all here, and that this is a general meeting, and that the 'little schame' has come out, I'll make a clane breast of it. The money was spent in drink at old Darcy's funeral, and you had your share of it," says I, turning to the "waxer," "ten naggins you had out of it, I'd swear on the book. This was the way of it. There wasn't enough of money for drink at the ould man's funeral, and, being a young man, and a new member, I was foolish enough to let the money be used out of the chest, and so of course we was short when we had to hand over; but we never meant to cheat yer out of a single rap, and paid up re- gular, and would have done, if it hadn't been for that infernal Jack Riley," says I; "and more by token, you've got eighteen shillings of it, and we're willing to pay the rest, and that's the holy all of it." "Oh, yes, yes," all of a tremble. Then we had a wonderful stroke of luck, and, by the powers, that was what got us off. There had to be three bails, and so I'd got the secretary's son to be one, telling him it was just a matter of form, and he was at the meeting looking very frightened. And now he calls out, "If you give them two in charge I shall have to pay the money; and may I die if iver I knew anything about the schame, good or bad. Oh! Pat Murphy," says he, turning to me, "I went to the Sunday school wid yez for two years, and to think you'd sarve me like this!" "Sunday school's nothing to do with it," says I, "nor day school either. We're wil- ling to pay the money, and we meant to cheat nobody. What more do you want?" "Can you find bails," says the chairman, "that you'll pay the money?" "Sure we can easy," says I, "and will." "Who, then?" says he. "Well, ould Riley, for one," says I; that was my wife's father, you see, sir. "I'll be hanged if I do then," says the ould man, speaking up. "Well, then, Maloney, says I, "you must find bails." "I will," says he, "I will, or I'll pay all the money myself to-morrow." So to make a long story short, sir, after a deal of yabbering, and a little bit of a row, it was settled that way. The ould man came round, and we got another bail, and, faith, I think the father- in-law had to pay the last ten shillings, for it wasn't due when I left Dublin. "That was the way, sir," said my com- panion, in conclusion, "that I forged my own name, and I never mean to try that little game again." I applauded his virtuous resolution, and having had a drink together, and the rain be- ing over, we went on our several ways, and, as the great Dreamer says, "I saw him no more."—From the Colonial Monthly, for June. DECAPITATION OF GRIFFIN'S BODY.—Griffin's grave was opened yesterday in the presence of the cemetery trustees, Dr. Salmond and Thorn, and the police. Two coffins were taken out of the grave; the lid of the upper one, from appear- ance, had been removed and replaced, and the corpse was undisturbed, and after examination it was placed in a new grave. Griffin's coffin had been opened, and the head of the corpse taken away. The doctors identified the body as Griffin's. The trustees have telegraphed to the Colonial Secretary requesting him to offer a reward, for the discovery of the perpetrators of the outrage. —Herald's telegram. H.R.H. THE Duke of EDINBURGH.—His Ex- cellency the Governor directs the publication, for general information, of the following des- patch from the Principal Secretary of State for the Colonies, relative to the recent visit of his Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh to this colony:—"(No. 23.) Downing- street, 17th April, 1868. My Lord—I have received and laid before her Majesty your despatch, No. 15, of the 1st February, reporting the arrival in New South Wales of his Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh, in command of her Majesty's ship Galatea, and describing the proceedings which took place on the occasion of his Royal Highness's visit. The Queen has had much satisfaction in directing that a member of her family should visit her distant possessions, in command of one of her ships of war, and her Majesty has a fur- ther satisfaction in acknowledging, as personally grateful to herself, those demonstrations of loyal enthusiasm with which his Royal Highness has been received in every British community which he has visited. I have, &c;, BUCKINGHAM and CHANDOS. Governor, the Right Honorable the Earl of Belmore, &c.;" WANT OF FEMALE SERVANTS IN THE COUNTRY. —At the present time (says the Border Post) there is a great scarcity of servants in Albury. Advertisements for helps bring no response, and the neighbourhoods of Beechworth, Chiltern, and Yackandandah have been ramsacked in vain by many an Albury Japhet in search of a domes- tic. From 12s. to 15s. per week are freely offered, and no takers. There ought to be some means of supplying the void in the labour market caused by the absorption of our young women into a married state, and the remedy we would suggest is this: If the surplus stock of female servants which often overcrowds the Melbourne Immigra- tion Depot and other kindred institutions could be forwarded up the country, the cost of these metropolitan establishments would be greatly reduced, the girls would obtain situations much sooner, and the comfort and convenience of up- country residents would be studied. EXECUTIONS.—On Saturday, April 4th, three murderers were hanged, two at Manchester and one at York, They were Miles Weatherhill for the Todmorden, Timothy Faherty for the Droy- lesden, and Frederick Parker for the Selby mur- der. Weatherhill appears to have been a most hardened fellow. After his conviction and sen- tence he declared that he would not make the least preparation for death until he had seen his sweetheart, Sarah Bull. This favour was granted him on the 20th March, and the interview was of a painful character. When his last hour came he chatted to Calcraft, while undergoing the pro- cess of pinioning, in an indifferent tone; and, on the scaffold, said to the gaoler, who took his arm to assist him, "You need not hold me—I can stand by myself." Faherty, who had mur- dered his sweetheart by a blow on the head with a poker, also met his fate without flinching, but from the first he had expressed much contrition and resignation. Parker is also said to have been penitent. He and his victim, Daniel Dris- coll, were fellow-prisoners in Beverley gaol, and, being discharged at the same time, they agreed to walk to Selby together. While on the way, Parker treacherously assailed his companion with a hedge-stake, his object being to gain pos- session of £3 10s., which Driscoll had received on leaving the gaol. The Longden murderer, John Mapp, who killed the little girl Catherine Lewis, was executed at Shrewsbury on the 9th April. He had previously confessed his guilt. Frances Kidder was executed at Maidstone on the 2nd April, for the murder of her stepdaugh- ter, Louisa Staples, at New Romney. THE TICHBOURNE BARONETCY.—The Australian claimant to the Tichborne Baronetcy and estates seems determined to leave no stone unturned to procure evidence as to his indentity. He had written a letter to Mr. Henry Shiell, the City Coroner (who was police magistrate at Hayat the time Sir Roger Tichbourne, who then went by teo name of De Castro, was living there), in which he mentions the names of places and cir- cumstances to being himself to Mr. Shiell's remembrance. He stated in his letter that he at one time lived with a Mr. Ward, who went by the name of Parramatta Jack. He also speaks of himself as being the party who went out and ran down a black boy who had committed an assault on a little child, and whom the police were unable to catch. He also speaks of a promise having been made to him by Mr. Shiell, through sub-inspector O'Neale, with reference to the capture of the black boy. He then goes on to discribe himself as being the party who wrote some letters which a Mrs. Sinclair left in Mr. Shiell's charge, in case he (Sir Roger) should die. He says he left Hay just after some persons threw Mr. Shiell's carrage into the river; that he knew Mrs. Shiell well, and also her servants, Mrs. Murphy, who was the wife of a constable. Mr. Shiell recollects most of the circumstances men- tioned in the letter having occurred, but has no recollection whatever of the writer. With regard to the case of the black boy, however, Sir Roger is mistaken, as at the time the boy was captured and tried, Mr. Shiell was not at Hay. From a letter which was received from Sir Roger Tichbourne's solicitor, it appears that his Sydney agents are Messrs Luvy and De Lissa. THE NATIVE BLACKS.—The Gundagai Times regrest that the Gundagai aboriginals are fast diminishing. Only twelve pairs of blankets yearly allowed them by Government have been applied for during this week. 