SYNOD OF TASMANIA, TUESDAY, FIiIr.ItUAtY 11. IIOLY COOMItUNION, Prlpatnatory to the opening of tho Synod of I 'Tasmanith holy eomnlllltolt wit admnoinls. tered in St. .TJlhn's Church at 10 a.m. The Vet. Archdeacon Reiboy, Rev. W. i-I. Browne, and eov, F, lIalen, nssisted Lite Lord Bishop in the administration of the oice. OPENING Of TIe1 SYNOD. Imnlnmeditely after the cnlttnunion service I the lmembeor of the Synod proceeded to the Town Hall, where shortly before noon the session was del'ared open by the Bishop. Archdeacon TReibhy read the usual order for prayers, and the roil of nemlbetrs having been called over by thel Secretary (the Rev, A. Davenport', there were fbundn to. Ibe present the following gentlemen :-The Ven..Arch deacon eolbey, Rev. W, H. .Browne, Rev. F. IH. Cox, Roev. . Davenport, Rev. G. Ii. Smith, Rev. F. lHtdspotl, , Rov. H. W. Adalns, Rev. F. hRles, 1Rev. A. Barlkway, Rev. Wmil. Rlichardson, Rev. W. F. Mitehell, Rev. G. M. Wilson, Retv. A. N. Mason, Rev. J. M. Norman, lRev. C. R. Arthur, Ruv. J. Chlambers, Rev. John IFereday, Rev. A. Staekhottse, Rlev. F. Brownrigg, Rev. . SB. Ffookes, Rev. M. B. Brownrigg, Rev. H. P. Kane, Rev. h1. Williams, Rev. W. A. Brooke, Rev. J. Dixon; Rlichard Green, Esq., J. Tevelein, Esq , Charles 1M'Arthur, Esq., Wim. 'Turner, Esq, Captain D ltanresq, Dr. Valentine, J. L. Smith, Eeq., J. R. Glover, Esq, A. 1-I. DBinede, Rsq., A. Clarke, Esq, J. P. Hobkirk, Esq, Calitaits J. 1'. Jones, Syd. ney Gaunt, Emq, B. W. Camplion, REq., Archer, Esq. The lay representatives having made the deahnations required of them, The Bishop said lie could now announce that the Synod was open for business. He would make oon remark. Ie should be glad that, contrary to the practice of last year, the public wonld distinguish between an address made at a public assembly and one made to bone fide members of the church to whih lihe belonged. His Lordship then delivered the following ADDIESS. lMy Reverend Brethren and Brethren of the Laity. I hove sansmoned Synod to hold its Session Ius Launceston in the hope tiha exnerience will shabow that the great object. for which Synod lihas been constituted will he better attained. Th't oljoct is to unite the Clergy sand ]haliy of lto whole diocess for the purpose of general consultation and legislation. The practical conseiquence of Synod tmeeting in lohnst 'Town Ihar been to de prive it of the presence of almost all the clergy, and most of its Synodemon belonging to the Northern Archdenconry. Msany pincs have been projected for hles correctiot ofthlis fundamental defect, bhl, to my mind. all of them would be attended with evils greater than those which they sought to re move; among such ser thile voting by proxy,. and thie nosemliln at some central plaoc between [obort Town and Laoucestoni. I am aware tinal there are dieadvantages whicth we may expect frosm the deparlnre from oar hitherto snisorm practlee of meeting in IHobart Town, but they o are epnable, if not of removal, yet of colt modiftiation. The principal objection, and indeed the only one of any importance Is this, that we may he depriv.d of tise presence of many Sout hero Synodlsmen and those. too, whose ju Ig. menta have done milsch to salpe our couneseie, nIosd the result -mtay be that the resolutions of one session of Synol held in the Nortll may be can celled by assurnequent one held il tile South. There is one unchangealle element, however, it, oar constitution, an I that is the President ; snhd whenever it may appear to hiso that a resolution involving a radical principle which nlfecls tilth r Arclhdeacouriea, or any principle which may haie important f enringes uplon the whole Diocese, and upon whicll there should he snited soutiment and united naction, it will he tle duty ol tile Presidrnt eosuspedl his snetiole until Ille question has bern re opened at the suhst qient seion of elSynto held in tite o'her portion of the islandl. By thisi I means upon him wilt fall tieo dutly of prer.5iting sill on-esiled legislatinn, and ol amending and Ihirmonising thal which ssho'lid Ie one enld undivided--the Diocess of Tasmania. Let us. in Sall sor doinis, avoid the spirit of dlisonion. WVe Sa'e eefrom many influonces which attach to poilitical areee, wllere private interests enter Into the controversies of mIn. The remembrance that it is ours to legislate upon matters wilich t involve the eternal Inter.ests of ourselves, nor families, and our fellow men, and that it is terrioly ineonsistent to bring into our diascuisions "envy and strif," the works of the fi sh, will r surely operate upon Christian heartr, and prevent, as heretofore, the display of any other feeling ihi.u that of men conssulting in a wide and colnprelen. sivoe spirit of Christi'n brothelrhool hor the .whole family of hie Church. .Suffer one other word of counsel: * WhVltsoever our hand findath to do let un do it with oll our mi.htl." Let our words be Ife, andt our thoughths matured. I have more tians once ventureIl to recosm tid that no no rw'suiect of real irepnrtnnce he in irodcrd o which hna not been previously snbmitted to tneir7' I bere of Synod, after being examined- by hmbsn? I comlpeent Coulcil - I, Ise ea sence of any stanl lig eocitnl:tee, as in Victloia and elsewlhere, ithe Iihihop's Cuncil of Advrie ihas this3esr, to sonse , , xtent' dischlrg'd this duty of " receiving nod cotsiderig" su'j els intended for our d.libera?ti, rhe tendency, cat all thnes. of an hvopefle, I" knowledge of oany snhject on ler l iscussio? is tq 1 unprofitable waste of im , anll I i am sure tl.i isuch a system ss )that whllich has Ib een nows p r tI ularly for the first utire adopted, will gronatl conoslise oulr s:rength and time, nod lead ton larger and more regular atleenitce. The clery o and laity csn sepro three days for earnest einelelic war, but they cannot spare heart or a lei-nre for labor dtflustd over a whole week, Swillh a posshile Sunday intervening. 1 ans ie with pleasure to report some con's t sitro?dle incrsease in the wUk of Church-building and CIhurcit- extensten since we last met in Synod In tihe Southern ArchdecsmOry the settlements along I)'Sntrees?teatux' Chanlcl are at length Y placed under tile care of is eeident clergyman, e ahole I ,clmollion froin ptlaeo to place is accuol Splislled ht a trueat, ,uilt bIy ubsocriptio;, an. It snvlssetl lb \o:lll'yte oatr z:el ef soIss yousl smsn 'Townis tie cost ithe clil:rotl f tie Sutdy Sclteci' insIe a litresal cntritnltllont. In sihe Northern Arehdedeosury, Mr. dlleliell'd urdli Sinatlion sii. onely ensht'en Ilen to lhslrister to the Sliis it iisu of lilwarra asild lIslthoosbnurne, bhut to Inoy a tissionary visit to parls of Iho Arch. deaconry whioh the Churchl has no yet fallet to r penetrate. ThU ith toa leto residiig ori the RiVers I Levan anti Don, hitherto united with those on t the iAersey, have pletitionled ithll myself and the I Flllanel omlllittee to Ial formed Into a separate r parish under Mr. lromuo, who has been Ionlg known t tthlom n an enorgetic U.techistt al n'i they hove utdertako.u to raise tihe smount of t stipeod requlired by teii resolutilon of Synod, iThe some settlers are alse engaged in the erectios oare snail church. It his been objected to the I sysatem of Chllrol extenslon that It is our duty to conseirvo the fludsI at our disposal for the helleft of existing auras. No doubt care sithond be taken to irotlect present eo'hitt, but I hope that thile generl senltiment of Synod will he in flvor of the priniple of extending tile ttinistra. < lions of the Church in proportion to tihe extension of the funds whlich vaoaneles In the schellduled oures place under our control To I adopt any other principle would bel equivalent Lo saying what no other danonlin.t.' thion that pretends to Ch!ristian ceal wouldt say, that' the larger our resource.s the leas shllold i e our exertions. It se?ts to me that oar duty is to sen that is our resources beciome larger,. so thoe larger shall tl the friel of our opoerations. To appointment of Mr. 3ronome as en -ordaintod lergymnan, at the earnest rquoest of the people amoon whn he hasline been so wall known as a I Lay lReader, enables tihe Church of Eingland to unite by a net work of ntinistrations tlt entire North Coast from Port Boroll to Cirouter Head. I, 'rhis desirable end being effected, as I irest it will i, I amn not lisposel to advise for some I titte to comne any furthor diiesinn of oures, Per. Ihaps it mtay even be poseinue to ae,ttshildote some I lreadly existing. The most important want, which shonhul inow be kept in view, is Ihat of a mlissitniry or itinerant clergy ma in n each nrch. deraconry, whose work andi journeys should he marked out by the Bishop ati Archdescon, or a loeal ctmltitc unider the presldency of esah Arehderscop. iMeanwhile, it is our mission, for more reasons than one, to employ, in destitute plnces, the services of vnolnttor Isymen. 'They may be cmade most vanl'ble pioneers. Excerl. enc htits already showi to me tlate a diitr:ct left to Ifteef soon begins to oinse every desire for ordi nances of reli ion. On the other hand tile settler of some other distrlct who have been kept together by tihe voluntary zeal of a cotmpe. tent and educated layman, so far fromu eonfound. Ing all ideao of dlatinelrin between the nlaymln ind ordlhtied clergyman, are gradually tInuht to desire tie tile eiegs of a mtore complete Clhur.th syctem. 'The ocotsional visit of the clerpymitn tends to draw stronger lines of demarkeuion" ietween the twooffces, as they are tocughi to observe that to him llone pertains those fiactions whichll, by the word of God, by the practice of pritnitive Christianity, and, according to the common isotineosof mankind, caunot, without profane presultptlion, be claimed by tihe ordinary layman. . 'le recourse to such a lay agency, I am persuaded, has led so In the em. ployment of a resiehht clergyman at Long lsay in tihe South, and Torquay aud tihe Leven in the Nartn. To Is y.agency, properly nidt car.fully a?min's'cred, we owe it that S3u'b Arm, td orivedt n it was of the valuable sersices o; Mr. Gelllbrnaul, continued still weekly to witireas the assemhleuitg together of tit entire little population. who lore to worship God through the lituray of their ftlhers. 1Iy the zeal of theo soe layman, Mir. T. Westbrook, in conbecltionl.wil Mr. Patter sort, tihe little ohureh at KaIngroo Point has been cleaned and improved; and what is inre, is fti:ed by a devout congregation, which is visited periodnticily by tile incomhent, and occasionally by myself. In tllis place s Sunday school, uoder ?ltir Snperintendlent, gathers together the lanhs of Christ's flock. I cannot too hIghly eo?tnmen t the self denying labors at Mr. Westtbrook, who, when be might well claim tbo privilege of enjoy. ing ilis Sunday rest witll Ilie famnly after the very arduous lahrs of tihe week, chooses rather to spend the whole day in croesing and reerossing; oftenr a dangerous sea for the discharge of his Christinn lail,tra at South Arm. As of old. so now, I wish tlat I tmay ihave to record, if GC(. sahll so bees his example, "' His zeal hath pro. yoked very many." I hIve to state that new cltareles are toin conrse of erectimn at the Leven, at Chud!,eigh near Delnrtino, at Constitution [fill at Jerus.. lent. and at O'ltrien's Ithlge. We barn had the satirltetioa of lately witness. In" the layl rl of the falntJtation stonll of'it?a new tcathedral, whi:h will tie, inl fact, a salmlpi perish church, si much tcedel in the capital of the Saolony. It has bent determined to eret nothing moro tIhn a nave, and I. have obtained the con. sent at the "Christian Konwledge Society" to dlevote their promised gran', contrary to their usedi practice, upon a portion only o(f the under taking. By this determinn'ioo, we shall bi able to conflneonrselves to a task whil.h ought Ct, he easily within our reach I am glad to reiepro Cete the sentiment of our metropolitan, the liitllop of Sydney, In regard to the functions of a eollte dral in there modeln times. "The services should be of that character and frequency which is common in cathedrals at home, bt .I do not think It desirable to introdens services of an ornate kind into our parish churches." And my" own opinion entirely cecords with hits, that wihen for simple ellants and ihymns of praiso there are hetiostleld elotorato performances in which the a chair only con join, we do a great wrong to the , congregation, whom we deprive of the opportu nlty uf ciuniting in this most important elrtent of r ll cnnregatiaoal worship. [I hbservoe (ht the geondoct of the new cathedral at Sydney will be committed to a Chapter, superintended by the Denn, part of whlic is to he aomionatd byl the fliiehop and part by the Synod. I am disposed to recammend the adoption of a'similar nonstitutimn when the proper time shall arrive, as tending to pssocitoe with it th Idea that it ta the property aof Stte whole diocess and tnt t of the capital. , I hlop th'it the linera'ity of churchmnen will enaible us ti completi whiat hts now actatlly been hbegIut. ' For whate we knhow, the future may reveal to is thint this is tue most fI.vorahle timle to do a gonil work which had helter have hoen dtihe some viars ano. After all, it is but an exceptional work, and in osttad of magnitfyinlt dlrTicultie let os iot act the part ao a Sanbcllnt, hut of nehernith I an; with one vlitont efI'rt bring i to a comp:etion. anil leave ouroselves at liberty to commea:nce now r work. I must here reonrd my convictian that we are very remiss In not establisheing a entleient tl e chlocry for the increasc of U1 hll I'oundls for tihe 3 general Church work. We I rYe noe applilances sutllicient to reach more thln a mere fractloil o' a the professed tntnlberas o the Churchi 'rhe con. It sequence is thait they often mke their coatrlthi. I, titms to other communions, simily ' eatuse other uaicouniontts applly to them Our executive, i S tappears to me, mligllt wiith e Ivantn g e h msade IImore brotd antid poIpu'sr. IParoc'tial or sinlilar e tomsoitions need to be fourmied, nd the nattmps of i libscribers should be eunrtlled andJ iohlisted. '\ollto d, iterishes ihaould cheriih a desiree to Cieo tindependent of the GentJral CtIIorht FIuInd. In t ViLctortiathe Church rteo?nises dlrferent grades of parisabos, catalogelel o:olding to their abilllty to maintain their own clergymen, aned to sustain da Iholr parish church without heoming pensiloneos 11 upon the geoneral fund,, From that fund Itle a porleiho whlit are most lavoranly lretipsllanced receive no help Ia secolnd class, less favorably "r clreumstlsnced, receive a certain amount of help I t and a third class, consisting of poor inhalltanls,e or those very whldely sentoerud, receive the largest i lhnro. If we are not prclerepad Into ndopt a schemo which Is admirnbly adapted to fulfil the Apos. t tie's precept to " hear one another's hnrltdn," t I confess a wish to see springing up amongst 1 oar town parishos and well situated rural ones on honorable desire to forego the liberty to cloam t their share, I'hore Is one graunt practical evil to which I t desire to draw the attention of Synod,tne delibhera tcon upon which will be invited by tle Secretary. It is ono Irsoglit with grove results. We hoave on sufclent means for reliviung parslahessoperlin lended by lcumbenlts whose age and Infirmity t render them inrepoble of meeting the necessiales of culonisl cures. For theo eternal intereast of the pilrishloners, no lesn than for their own con.' fort, and for the credit of that good uame which they may I?ve earned in other times, some ihelelation, add relief ne the resll of such legic. I laIionl Is imperatively cisnandedl I desire also to draw attention to the neglect I of the a ucatlion nftheyoung. I wisl that I could persua da all my reverend brethren to Ihnltalo the example of some of them, in devoting a portion .of their.eoergies to the religious instruction of" our ohildren in the potlle schools. These pttlio schools may be the only possihle schools assisted by the Governmoet but they are necessarily lmperfect in the stla essential prlnelile of real educationl their imperfection, however, may he largely supplied by tile clergyman. It falls to the daily teacher to Impart secular instruction, and to Inculcate lessons of moral conduct I but religiou Instrouction, the knowleddge of the wry of salvation, and of those truths which tmost under. Ils all moral educatlon, must come from the mlnisters of God's sanocuary. A faithful clergy. mt01 will not neglect the school any more than he will the church. The Sunday School, the priml. tive practice of public calechising In Churchl at least once a month, and sno habitual attendance at tile daily sclhool, allowed to overy ministler of religion by the wise regulations of lte Board of lEluectlion, will form part of the boundon duty of every true end conecientions servant of Christ. Older children who are, or who lanry that they are, ton old for Sandry School attendance, shoull he formed If possiile into a separate cln,!. held. if poseible, in a different room, and known as the Iliblo or Confirmation Clases, or, as it is called in one parish, "The lleshop's Class." The rie ofl Scoafirmation ought to be admlnistelered with f greater frequency tltan has been tbo wont, and I takeo he olpportunity of oxpressing toy readiness to pay annual visits to any parish in the tilaces, Showever smatlal, where the clergyman has a few r say ten--condidates to preceot. Annual adminise. trations at St. David's have witnessed larger r numbers of catechumens than were present at tit' previous trieanial cotnfrmrtions; and the advren I tagn to the general community arising from a careful and system.tic course of religious instruc tion amonog tthe young, as they are aout to enter Supn the duIlea and temptations of life, cannot be properly estimated. It will be remenihored that Synod, at tho lnst tmeeting, requested me to lake measures for the relnction of the fees for marriage by license. I have nscertained thaotthe only scale which, in the I opinlion of Ilthe clergy, wold meet the evil com. I plhlsed of, is one to which tile Registrar of the SDiocest reloses to give lis consent. A relgstrnr r at borne, y virtue of his letters patent, h is the r Mower of resisting any attempt to interfeIe with I his emoluments, and it is a question which [ feel ounahlo to answer how far thle like protection ex. tends to tile colonies, If the luund at the disposal r of the Synod permlltedi it, the difiouly would b? aot rid of by offering c?mppensation. Assuming this to bh beyond our power, the Sylod will have s to sty whether we shall allow Cmlureb people to a I indeoeJ by thI low charge of other denomi ntl'iont to repair to their ministers for marringe, or whlether it will hold either myself or the I ff:lating clergymen harniless, If the Registrar should appeal to acourt of law. 1 thlnk that our ultimate almo should be to solemunilse the offices of the Church without fees except such as vollninry mnenevolenee may prompt. My own Impression Is th:lt the Registrar his no other thtan a moral v claim upon Synod for compensation. I found Sthat opinion ripon the fact that the ecclesiastical e laws of Eng'an I are not necessarily binding upon the colony; atrl that, lo'theyoe of the law, the . t?alish Chbuch is a voluntary association bound a by the laws which iusel( lhas made, and which r derive their foirce only by its own caneeut. II so, this Syoud is competent to declare that the Bislhop, from whose letters patent granted to the e Registrar that ofRlaci claims his fall, and certainloy exorbitant fee, and one altogether dllpro. p p'rtlonato to the means of the colony, has -'pwer I. recall the letters pa0lot, or to modify their s terms, or to uaeke any other arrangement for the registration of marriages whieh the circumstanees t of the colony may require I must be understood to be speaking of the legal cllih, Irrespective of those moral claims to which long service and very liberal conlcession to the wisthes of the a clergy may entitle the gentleman who now holds Stl:e ol e,. Toe movement at home, to which 1 alluded last year, at length has led to the appolntment of a SlRoyal Comn nission. Public opinion, legitimately Sexpressed is, in these ldays, a much moru rff.etivo eweapon of repress o' thn an action at Iorw, which s,voratsoo much of perseculion to suit.the temper. Sof th age. '- My object, ot tlhat occasiot, was to o analyse the o iiomane of that movement, and to Spoint out that iin a time ol exchllmout there was 0 a.danger of eunfounlding an exaggerated ceramonlal f which, twe lhad too much reason to iear, might be Ithe outward expression of unsacriptral doctrines, i whith bit sober nod detets form of worsalip r which happily htad begun to take the pilae of t cold and tpiritldes routine with which we were Soce too fmtiliar in Ellnlarcd. An lntelllgen) I Chur!elinma will sorely appreellate the difference betweena relapse into that heartlessnese whieht 0 had contributed its full shere to the prevalence of d dissent, and that love of exceessie ritual which, I by ite very excess, ceases to be a reverent ritual, v nod beocoaes a. ponipous ceremonial. The up. pointmelont of a Royal Commissilon, it the place of e soany rash exerilee if authority, wi 1, I chatitahly hope, induce the leaders of this onoventerit to e abide by the conrelusions at which the Commli a sinn will arrive. Toat report, probably, will a' plont out what practices are inexpedient a? well as illegal. 'Into which lte zeal of solve of blatlh clhrgy and laity have been led. Iti cln 'r viellon, to less than by edueatlton and halit, it lly own predilections are in favor of a qulel, Sshinole, yet Ibecomlng ritual, the channel ofl and Ur tot the sbhslitute for i true and epirituol i worshIlp. The -lslt day ol tlhe wctk slhould le i. a day of rest anrid of religions improveeont--" the e torch that alows' the way." To secure these Sineetlmsaon bIllesiugs to tile ma- s of ,tlo pnpula. If tion is noti, it my nittinli, o invite teom to a osher meetingseanod other places which the Churoe does not know and cannot consecrate, in order at listent to leoturos, however iImproving in tIhem solves, but to render lier own services more ln' riling and heart-stirrltg-sand more Ithan all, to .open her places of worship with equal hand to the poor ns well as to the rihll. I cannlot for. hoar hiers to comrintend the valsehin lecture upon ftee shtltngs delivered br y I r. Oznnnte at the otnnual teeting of the Church Union, herl In this town, wheon had the advantage of presiding. Otio of the advantages of thie Lauttetlth Conference may be to secure to as a less restlrctive asystem, and one tmore suited to our colonial wnlua. Lilke the iris of the eye, the riles of Ite Church inmut hlve some elnetlcity, coetroctliog or expuonding necording to tihe iprevalllo taste awl elrciumstances of thle agS. And ooquestli)n ably this desire for a warmer and, I mrighrt sy, tore stimullting character of religious selvice hat lintgely manifeted Itself, evon orlinllt? those who h:li deserted the com. munltn oal the Church of l;iglamnd. Our Clhurch F must not fotrget that her striength consists in bher counprehensivensee, anrd tinht rnot so Inuchl in the spirit of compromilse, as of S Ilarge and liberal a sympathy with and 'reverence for the duo exercise of private judgment-e? mplrebeinsiveuess both in dtog.ma and ritual, Nuo good will be separaen from evil; aund so, if an expiansive uys I ten of Chlnurc government tie adopted, it will' of Iaecessity fellow that there will ever be man who, , if they unee their liberty of private judgmennt at niall, will he verging r perhaps dangerously close to Geneva, I or dangerously close to Riome. 'his diversity in i unity, within certain limile, is n'it her isams I but I her boast. Yet liumits there must he, andl the quiestion arises who shall lay them dowli ; Thes voice of the Church Itself, nod noat of the indi. viJual bishlols, much less of individlual Sprislohiones, must detilln these litlils; nI those r to whom nothority is given lmust enforce the observanhce of !them. 'this printciple of Church Sdisciplill e was laid down florm the vely beginnine \--'Oiey those who have the rule over you.' S-tow imporltant, then, that we should pray that a sound td faitlhful mind abould be vouchsafed to t those on whom so grave a responsibility rests, o that they may preserve for us nnd those who it come after us our ancient lasndmarks. For if rules if and dorgmas, which ase esseltial to tile very ef existence of a Church, be contracted overmuch, t. as suoe would wish, the Church would drgenec y rate hnteoone of many sects, each of which may it represent a truth -but a onuesided nod exclusive I. view of truth. On tlhe olther hand, if a these rules and dogmas are to relaxed as to admit it ul any Interpretation that Individual liberly It chooses to put up.n them, aoid if the limits of the it Church are msdle a wide as to admit nime of all I crseds--frromn the most debasitig supersltion even is to the denial of the Lord that bought them-the s, very essence and meanirng of a Church would he \- nade to evaporate. Perhlaps the time may I? s. approachlng wheno it will le admitted that it the mr En4:ish Church would vindicate this her claim to i eomlprehensiveoeas, shite mtost aim at onion of t" worship and comautlntin moro [thanl even unity a orconfession of doctrine, cniatent with essentials altoidy defined by the early councils and the re primitive Church. at Since we last met in Synod, you are aware that an important conference bha met at Lambeth, upon the invltation of the Archbishop ol Carver. e haury. The idea oricgiated int the mituds of Colouial BIishops thet in London, whol were dismayed ,y s thle confllictiong decisions pronounced iy eccleaisa t ilced lawyers upon the very credentalns of the te colonial churches, and their cenerol relation to ir the Church at hItore. Immediately the American C BishIops pleaded for admission to tile genrnal con. h ference, on Iehalf of their own Church. 'rhea the el Provincial Synod of COnada urged their own tlill Ssatronger reh , and was backed up by lite Lower .I louse of Conuvnc tion, il a request toads tothe a Achlllishop, that his Grace should suremtle a if coUneil or conference of the bishops of tie who'o 'e Anglican Communior. T'he Arehbishop re to sponated bold:y to the call, with the chrisian \- hope that, though on asuch enouncil was cnpelient ar to declare delinitions on points of doctrine, yet th that the unity of the Anglican Church wouJl be r practically promo:ed by the closer bonds of ir "peace and brotherly love," and " the united at worshlp and common econaIlsl" of an aeser.ily y which, for numbers aund itifluence, Ilis nro lrnce. to dent aince the Reformation. Of the 75 hishop, a who sltended the Conlference, 18 Ielonged to thes Hd [ome iD)cess, 19 to those of the UCnted States, and 23 to those of the clonires. Some persons " who do not bear sulkieuraly in mind the tenrtl ie tivo and informal clhractrer of the CoOalren e, may regard the results as disproportionate to its i magnltudo and impasini chnracti r. In any suchrb o disvppouintment I do not share. I think tile moral P reffects must be consideratdle; and It is impoeatle Ie to calcunate the future practical col:s quence that ii may flow from what I regard as merely a pre liminary conventlon. The very presence of so r msay representatives of the Anglo . Stoin i Churech is an evidence boefre tihe eyes of the in wolr I of a determination to abide by "the faith," deduced from Iloly Scripture, witnessed by the id early Church, and set forth in our liturgy snd re fornularies. That assenlbly is an evilence, I ce trust, that the rita media will be maitlninedby Ie tler worldwide communion. She will ho01d te fs laih once delivered to her keeping, neither added to by any assumed prerogative of Church st authority eocr subtracted from by att a presumptuous exercise of private judgment. Iy She will imposse no articles of io faith except what can be proved by the "altl :I warrant oI Iholy ;t'lit." but Holy Writ conalrod r,. once for ever bIy the creeds and councils of tit to prlitillve" Church, not subject to the fluctuat?io to of privaste iterpreltailo--that prolific esurCe as endless subdivisions. She will add no tnewesic at of falth, but holding fast those which have bet he defined in her primitive liturgy and eltiptrttd a, formularies; aliinli not to limit beyond what iht Ip hoan already limited by then, but to comprehei a all the varietils and shltades of individual behid re which do not defy their manilost score anid met" n litg. It may tbe well for the Synod to Ounulr Oe a ornmittee, in order to be prepared for tit It di- cussion of any sutljeer whicb may be reler of to it by the Latmbeth Conference. I am sdrit I, that the judlgltent u IbT colonial slehops . ll al, asked upen n report on the beat mode for r p. moving the injury and scandal alleged to bill of arisern from the present conditlr ol tie ChatiL ly in Ntatl. I need -nut tell yosd how gres to delicate sutb a question Is, which practi +" amounts to llrs-whether the Ilisrlopolt 1 ll lias excrertl thi lithlts of pIIIate jahI t ao When we remember that thoughl tie very a" of of lioly Scrilture rests, ppon the autllotreai t- the primhitve Clurch, yet that astl orit 1t, never attempted to define the exact stodt r, mesanig of inipirntion, the rejeclion.o td aItolity from wlthotut, and the f,,r~leflte' i thuat Al a tliCe esutioIn, that" tno Scrlpturi' 0 pruvse ilterpretatlaio," is an evil syr,lptonm 0 i times in which we live. I ernrets that mO so tears' for thie future point more to those leini sb Itreties a hich are leaditll the ago itate' Io our bhtsssd Lord's divollty, rathe~ r th It hte return ol sup'ratition. Spertitile of.lprine of darkness : Soclnloifosm of tile holil sand sceptical speoulalioln of inenoglieled elloellc I rylcOOgif, at lone, in hills conference the utterance of a strongr desire, felt by a vast coin. tlnllon, to he placedl under a more perfect oratniLitiotn-i dedIre of lib?try li iity. The tiroh of hiilory will help to invest the Sun of C .nteriury with the i tatul of it P latriarch, lut not of a VieCr of Christl, ty that light such a corferenco InIy learn how to mtent tIle want of the age, to control the litehrty of living thoulght by a s?ob. mission to con.tilllledl Ilaw. to rec.onlse an oll thliority from ilthout llwhich, idivint in its origin, musil ot lalr Il thel lifbi or restlrhit the IhulaInt minld ill noipn qeeslionl, or the ollfel may lie Ihat Ilt dogmas of' tlleoloty ll ilf comel, intlo conflict withi the truthIs f Rolen~C, anlid Ihero Ielly then arise amongst tihoughtIIiiful m e l all nuivers,' stillness-lutll it will ibe tile otillness of a suop. presIeed ilhrtelef. I willp rlifly refer to two impoortant perliculnra made proillnent b)y Ilh resolulilla o' that lifpor tool Conferetnce. 'fle tille is practical. the o'her theoretieanll First, it is ehl Ithat while the close unionll witl the Motherllt Cllhur lldemland IIthe miinlonnOce, without alteratiotn, of the elataindnrit or faith and doctrine which we have Itlreildy received i leverth'ess each iProvinc, I do not say each Dioces., u111t rehll Previce, shoulld have the right to make sdiplaiont of aoi addlitions to the services of Ithe Church. na its peculiar eiretim stances may rcqulire. Such chalnges. however, are very properly teade liable to rev sion " hy anye Stonod of the Atnulcon Communion iln which tile said Province shoall be replresented." Tih, other particular refers to the grotlig desira for the more visible union of1 Chrtlolelomin. Great anmt well-nligh hopeles as as the dllitulotios now appear for any true, sullstatollt re uniioil, they are no, greater than those difHcualtie whiih the inl lelilty and the wickednress of man oprose 10 to tile very progress of Christianity, and yet we are inogh to pray, "ThyI kingdom come." Sim larly we cannot altozether blame the enthlosalarn of ltlOe who yearn for the fullfilment o ounr Lord's other prayer, " That all may he on a thaIlt tihe w rid may believe that Thou hast sent mt." Yet the prospect may appear very small. Before this consummatlion, after which every true heart most yearn in the ihirracl, there ae two preliminary olstacles whirllch mst ie first reimovrd, if the RJefortmed ,Church of Engllnd shall take lier eland upon liher ilnpregna'le nnd never-to he surrernhred posit!ion, nmolelv. Ilo! WVril, inter ircled by Ith rrimiliee Church-that Primitive Chrech by whoso authority the very canonicity of loly IVrlt was determined, and by wllosae Illelity a precious heritage has been handed down to us. Those two preliiunary atumbltng.blocks which no sophlislry or explanation can remove, are-"The universlo sovereignty asserted for the See of Rom.e," and h the Ipractial exltt lion of the blessed V?rgin Mary as mediator, in the place of her Divine Son, and the addressiion of prayers to her as intercessor betweon God nod man." God forbid thlat the coreted blesinlg of an Intimate nil visible union should be purchased by the Reformed and tPrimitive Church of En.z tand at the price of those or any olther superatl Itons, whichl the Reformation swept away as unkniown to the early Church, by whose standa'd the principlos of thal Roformstion were quid d. It is the glorious mission of our own Elglish Church to guarl tile entire foondation of Christ's tralh, surrendering no stone here and no astone there to modern heresy or anbelief on thle one hand; at d t on tile other toI protect it from thle re-inllrsiJn of tholse upersti 1 tions by which, one after another, tIle trutlh of God has been in comp ratively recent days dis. torted or overlaid. Uron one saoiheJ it is desirable that tire judg. ment of Synod should hoe declared at once. I refer to the Bill which the Secretary of State will bring before the E?nglish Parliament after Easter, upon the principles of wlich it is Ilmpor tant that the opinions of tile colonial churches abhould he communicated to his Grace the Scre. tary of State, or to the Archlti?hop of Canter. bury. Tile fundamenal prinllcipl is now well understood, that no coerciveo power can exist in any country except with lthe consent of the legis. lature of that country. It follows from this prin. clple that no new S'e can be created at bhome, itll vested as the English Sees are with ctrcrve jurisdietlon, without an Act of Parliamenllt that the Crown, In collcedling a conOstllion to ally colony, has abandoned its supremacy over ail causes ecclesiastical in tliat coanlry; and that no ecclesiastical tribunll with coercive jurisdietiln can exist in ally eolony upon tile authority ol the Queen's Letters Pdtest alone without the colnsent of the Colonial Parliamneunt. It follows from the application of this principle, that the coercive athlority, claimed by the Mletropolitin of tihe African Churches over the Bishop of Natal, can not be sustained in law. The le.'lity, indeed, of our own coercive jurisdiction in Ta'moni t is secured to our branoh of tlle Anglican Church by our Cooalitation Act. But ollhough we are pro tected against this particular evil which has vexed the African Church,. there are other evils arising from the new relation in which we stand to the Mother Church, some of which might beset us in coy vacancy of the See, slid some beset as now, which it is the object of the Duke of Bucking?iam's Bill to cor. rect. That Bill proposes firt to give a legal status at home, with all ti e right to discharge clerical dutles,.and to hold preferment to snch clergy as have been duly or!ained in any of .the colonies; secondly, hIst bill proposes that sinle the right of self government Is exercised by the colonial Church, so the privilego of electing its own bishop slhoold be conceeded to the province to which it belongs, anti his consrcration should occur at the haI.do of three bishops of eachl province, according to .the canona of the Universal Church. iFoil It''eesis necessarily to fo'low Ilhat if the Crown can of itself nlain no coorcive authority, tnir territorial jurladielionlover sucll colonies, so neither shonld it, or scr it legally, claim the appointtment of the blisoo.. If the royal sapremacy. in matters ece'esiastical, has ceased, the privileces inherent n1 suecll sopremacy cease with it. My own consecration was, I be lieve, the very Itst Instance of consecration issuing from a mandsto of the Crown; and this brings me to bhe practical question which le now submitted .to nost what ecltemo ahall be adopted for the elceion and consecration of. fulttre Blshops in the Dioress P.t he Bill pro. \- osed by the Duke of Backinghamsosees to trans. for Ith right of nomination from tire Crown into the hands of -Synod,' adopting the principles which lIay t guidedl the Church fItrom th earliest ages. From the Caoonga of Primitive Counells we learn that the Bishop.was elected hy the.clergy Ol,each Diocese, and the election was approved by tbo laily hefore tie was presented for consecration to illh Metropolilan sod his other Hilsopo of the province, Many amongst os may perhaps prefer the plen whlilh hlta hitherto prevailed for two Sreasonas T"hey may ileslre that Ih chIef pastor thould be, e!ected Irol a larger number of Pres. byters tllan can bhe found in a limited Diocess; and tlheynay dcirrethe contlui nce oe'that connec thin' whichl has. Iltherlo boond the colontiaL Church withthe inisther Chbu:ch at home, It ment, however, be horne In mind that the Bill in queo. tion done not limit the ohoice to any one Dionese, whether at home or abroad, nor idoes it'hinder the righllt of petitionin Ithe Queen lor a liceise to the Archbishaop of Oanterlrnry to consecrate the lalshop nominated by the I)lncess, esnecially if such lominon should he ael-cted from Presby lers at home. If tile eo pelrtce of the Amtuolcaun l)lnens Ile takoen as a guidi, lhe nominlation of the ishollp imust depend upon the consenl of two. thirds of the clergy. nan I wo thirds of the eougre. eations I or. eas. would ie rterrIIIor it Us, two.thilrdn of tIhe Ivy Byuodrnel ar required osignify their approtiorinn. Without, horwever, comm))itting ouranlves to any dietail whaltever, thie inrarseity ofr he ding another Synod marRy ire obviated by our salirmritr, it it i thouglht expledient, the two Rsimple and general principles of tihe hill which have hreo nlllrmled by thie dioces of Adelaide 1.I TIr t it in erirahle tlhat the Synod of the diocess sthoul nominate its fnlurie Iiahllops. 2. That they should rec'eive clrarecration at tile hands of tile Mletrooliano antr of his cnnm.pro rvlnial isholps, or of tle Archbishop of Canter. ihury, unJer licenc:e Irorl the Crown, if i petition shall tie presented to tlhe S.crelary of Satate for hlr t purpos'e. I reuret that my naldress line extended iell heyond tie limits whlich I hil promited to my. nelf. I Iave onlr to asid that I trust that the deliberatlios of this newly.elected Synod may vie with the last in the spirit of tolerance,, brotherly respect ftr difference of iopinion,' rfie. dom from party norjonroses, ard a steady deter. ruination to he aorled ty th onet motive of pro. tooting the honor of Christ's Church, anld the ex. tension of Life kingdoml. Arid if oor nlayhrethren of the Church are willing to devote their litne and talents, and sacrifice their ease, in order to relieve os of the burden of secular duties, we, my reverend brethren, are hound so much tile molre to devote outrelves to the Wotrd at God and the spiritual interests of tihe people comrmitted to our keeping. Gol ire ns grace to be moro in e rnest ; intluot in senason, nut of season ; oarnlut to give no off.noe. that the ministry be not brlmnd i mixnig in the acca I pations eand relaationr of life tio further tha' nor example and presence shall serve to sanctify them.Avrid all scenes of worldly amusemeit, onle6s your presence dittinctly esall control or esnctily them, os otherwise you endorse, bly your high nuthority and the athorlhy of your MIeter, ando are partakers of the evil I know that our reli.ion is one rather of principle, and not tie Judaism one of rules: ntd whallt cannot be indulged in by one without spiritual hrrm m'may he so by another. Still, there are scenes where the " pride of life,' not to say tibe tInst of the eyes," predominates; where uight is turned luto dry- seeoes of recrea. tion in whith no iry Christian can well take part without someo apritual loss; and the spiritual gaide must hIesitate to be anywhere where be enalnot but encourage what lie cannot correct. Finally, let us ait our .ice steadfastly agaiost popular error; "constantly speak the trnth, boldly rebuke vice, and suffer patiently for the truth's sake." whatever may be the con. sequence of the tnitnirl teetsniony we near tor our dear Lord. As it is no common trust committed to our -keeping. so no common penalty awaits our unfalthlulness. We know not how soon the Son of Mlan may come, but we do know that tihe time is very short which falls to each of us for , tlhe; hasteninge of lie Kin;dom, and accomplishing the number of His elect." May we have graoe to be found faithful, and to give up our account without shame at is lioming. 'Let us avoid the entangle ment of earthly cates, ond give ourselves wholly to the glorious work of bringing mele to Christ to whicll at ourordinstion we declared ourselves to be called by the IHoly Ghost. My revereind brethren, let us show in our daily work and can. vers stion, ty our ministrations amonD the living and dying, that we indeed believe still what we then so solemnly affirmed before Gid and min. His Lordship having concluded his address said that in consequence of the meeting yes torday having been adjourned in the absence of a quorum of clergymen, they could not undertake busineoss to-day, na notices of mo tion having been made. But soine minor matters could be dealt with, such as the fixing of the times of meeting; and he would here impress upon them all the advisability of being punctual during the session. Rev. A. Davenplort asked leave to bring forward motions without previous notice. -He thought they might'- give effect, to tihe 16th Rule, that a motion can be made by leave of a special commission of Synod.-After a discussion, in which the Rev. P. H. Con and Rev." G. B. Smith spokeo adversely to the course proposed, tile motion was withdrawn. Finannce Committees' Reports. On the motion of tile Rev. A. Davenport, the report of the Southern Finance Com mittee, and the Notthtern Finance Committee were received and ordered to be printed. Rev. A. Davenport moved that the con. sidoration of the report of the Northern Finance Committee be muade an order of the day for the next meeting, to take precedence of all other business. Carried. The Acouiticv of the Room. On thse-moving of the last resolution the Rev. E. P. Adams said that it was most ilportant that the business transacted should be audible to the memnbers. Where ihe was sitting they could acarcely hear one word thatt was said. He ieard very little of his lordshlip's address. The whtole of tire members were seated upon benches strrounding the Bishop's chair, the greatest distance being about 30 feet. Rev. A. Davenport said that from his ex perience yesterday lie thought it practically impossible to carry on the business of the Synod in that room. Rev. H. P. Kane said no doubt they were not yet accustomed to the room; it required a certuin pitch of voice. Rev. E P. Adams proposed that the business of the Synod be conducted in some other room. , Rov. G. B. Smith stated that Trinity t school-room would be suitable, but it was occupied. SReov. F. Hales thought it possible to get another room. Rev. V. Rtichardson (who was sitting on thle righlt) could not iear a word of what was r not being said (laughter). S. Mr. A. HIi. Bisdeo proposed an adjournment Suntil four o'clock in thie afternoon, and in thie meantime the secretories couli ascltain w whether another room could be obtained. C Oaptain Dumaresaq seconded. Archdeacon Reiboy said the only toom Suitable that could be had was St. Paul's HShoolroom, but it was constid'red to beo ra thor too far' out of the way. He w.os co1 vilned that the fault of the pr'eseon room could be obviated by laying i httle in atting down. Ile would also suggest the adviiable nuess of nombeors Sittlng oloser to the table. Captain Dumaresq aII(l Mr. .1. it. Glover councrred with A.rchlldeacon eiby as to tile mlmbers sitting nearer. Mr. Bisdeoe' motion was tlhei carried. Tinme of Sitting. Rev. G. B. Smith thlought it as well that a decision slould be come to i? to whether the :ttingsn hould be in the morning and after noon, or mnorning land eveliilg. This question caused considerable dis cession. Captain Dumnresq proposed that they should meet in the morning and afternoon. ,hIr. A. Olrku seconded. Mr. R Green moved 1as an amendment that the time of moeting be the samne na that previously fixed at Hobart Town, tlhat is, half.past two in tile afternoon, and then adjourn until seven. Rev. 0. B. Smithl seconded. Mr. A Clerke opposed the atnendinent as meeting in tilhe evening would not-suit the convontonce of the country members, Capt..J. P. Jones would move another amendmnent--That Synod meoot from ton to one and from two to six. Capt. Durnaresq essayed to second but was advised to appropriate the motion himself, and "half past two" was inserted instead of "two o'clock." Rev. H. O. Irwin moved as an amendment that Synod sit from ton to one and moot again at half past two with no further limit but with power to adjourn at any time. Rev. A. Davenport seconded. Mr. It. Green stated that the mornings would be occupied principally by edmmittees. The Bishop put Captain DutLaresq's motion, and it was lost. Mr. It. Green's motion for meeting at 2 30 to 6 and adjourn inguntil seven, was then carried. An adjournment was then (1.45) made until 4 p.m. AFTERNOON BITT[NG. The Synod ro-assembled at 4 o'clock, J. F. Sharland, Esq, and the Attorney-General being preosoent in addition to most of the members given above. Acoutlics of the Room. Rev. H. P. Kano reported that the public library had been placed at the disposal ofthe Synod by the President, Dr. Gaunt. Rev. Mr Cox moved and Rev. . B,S8mithoeoconded that an adjournment be made at once to the library. Archdeacon Reiboy having men. tioned tile probability of their being insuffl. cient forms and chairs to sit upon, the Rev. H P. Kinm undertook to make further enquiry. NOOTICES OF MOTION. The following notices of motion were given by Rev: A. Davenport: elfore the appointment of an incomhent to a vacant cure, tile Finance Committee of he A.rhblpeconry .a'll be satiuled that the portic a el his ofioial income whihl Is to be contributed by his parislnioners will he duly paid at lea.t during a period of two years, and a ceriflc t of he comenities to that elf:ct shall be requlired in oevery case. It any clergyman named in Ihi schedule of the State Aid Distribution Act. shall have bee me, in the opinion of th, Blishop, per. maenetly incapable of discharglad the duties of hslia office, be shalla retire from his cure. roe viled that his receiving a pension under the Sineraonua-lon Act shbill have been sauthoned t provided also, thit if tihe penshom be less than £200 a yeal lie shall receive from the Synod such ald.tional yerly allowance as will amoaunt with the pension to £200 t year. A clergymno shall not receive his offieial laounet during his ahslnco from the diocess, unless suchl a?enlc he outh wrised by Ithe Bishop in wrr ioe, and theexent of any Isave of absence yo authorised thall to notified to the Secretary oe the Synod. Notices now required by resolutions of the Synod to ie published in the llohart Town Gazetle, m sy he inserted in the Church News, or any other newspaper approved by the Bishop for the purpose. 1\. Whereas marriases contracted within the prohibited degrees of kindred or afinity are null and void in Great Blitain and Ireland, but are said to require in 'Tasmtnia an application to the Supremle Court to obtain a declaration of tlheir uollity, the Synod thinks it desirable that the law should he amended in this respect, and tllat the legislature sholld enoct that marriages now voidablo by reason of tile parties being within t.(e pre-crined degrees, shall be null and void if cuontracted hereafter. 2. If a bill be tr ught before the legislature for smendment of the law, as indicated in1 tie foreo. ing resolution, the Bishop Is authorisle. to address t e tParliament oi ehaslf oel the Synod by petition hi furtherance of snelluch a measuro. It is desirable ihit the Act of Cooncil, I Vic., No 10, abould be wnolly repealed in so far as it is applcaoloe to the Cnorch of England, and that an Ant to amen I the satme should be passed containoing the following provlsions : 1st. Thai the Act he declared to he no longer in force with rrrpect to the Ctourch of Eogland. 2nd. T'iat tle proprtry now capthles of being vested under that Act in trusteas annually ap* pdoted for any chllurh or chapel of tile Church of England, no vested lin tile trustees appointed under the Act 22 Viet., No. 20. Mr. Sharland to move on Wednesday That tile report of the Committee on Lady Franklln's tlMusenm he I~rinted. 'Rev. F. Hales to move on Wednesday For a Select Committee consistlog of Arch. deacon Relrey. Rev. 11 0. Irwin, Messrs. Green. Teveleln, and the msiover, to report to this Synod. i tiles session, on .the suatsoct of tihe lees now payable for marriages and marriage licensas. Rev. J. M. Norman to move on Thursday That all fees for marriages or borials he abolished and freewill offerings lie subslituted. R ev. II. P. Kane to move on Wednoesday That the Srnod be moved to confide tihe aid. ministration anl control of the finasncial aftirs of this Arehdeaconry to a Commitee, to consist of the Bishop, tile Aerchdeacon, Clergy andl Lay Synodstmen of this Archdeaconryi voting as in Synod. To take preoedence of all other busin:ss. Rev. A. Davenport to move on Woldnos dny That the oloellion of the Finance ommiltters, of the llialton's ConnelI of Advice, of the Triers of the Church Crt, nntl of tile l131lrd of Patronage take place on Tl'larsady, thoe Ith Inst. A better attondanoo being antlolpated by delny, the 13th was substituted for 12th, and the motil, as nmouded, being seoonded by Mr. J. F. Sharland, was oarried unanimously. Southern IYnoanoo Report, Leave having boon granted, on ihemotion of Roe. A, Davenport, it was deoided that the eon aidoratlon of the report of the Southorn Finann Cormmitten be an order next after the oonaideration of the Northern Finanooo Oom. mittee's report. * lipon Faund. Leave having boon granted, tho. hy. A. 1 Davenport moved that the report of the Arch. deaoon on the Ripen Fund for 1807 be prit.ted. tarried, .rtanEklin 111Museum. The report was reoeived, a motion to that effoet having boon proposed by Rev. F Hldspath. The rov. gentl-man stated that under the trust deet it wea generally suppseod that the property wo· conveyed to the Church of England; but it seemed that lshis was not so, the;property being vested in the Bishop. He then rend the report. Mcc. 3. F. Sharland suggested that the moneys in hand might be expended on the buildings. Tihe Bishop explained that he was tied down to an expenditure for edneational pur poses. Mr. bharland gave notice to move the printing of the report. Aootteics of tAo Room. Rev. H. P. Kane having returned with a report that a removal to the Public Library I could take place at once, an adjournment was. made accordingly. 