LOCAL AND GENERAL NB\\\S. lusiness at the banks and Gorernmcentl olices ill Ipsawic was suspended yesterday ill honour of the new Governor, but beyond this, and the display of a few flags, there was no demonstration. Thu meeting held ill the Council Chamber on Tlhursday evening to coosider in what way the- lsew Governor should be reeivecd on tile occasion of his lirst vioit to Ipswich ws w ell attended, the hMayor 1teriding. It was proposed that there lshould be eit.!her a ball or a blanqet, and the majority seemed to fsvour tile former. Another mieeting will be held on Tuiecduv next, to elect a omlmittee of mtnaggeullllt nd mike other preliliminry arrtlngeinwllts. St will be seen ttit Sub-LInspecrtr Lloyd lhasn, as might have bteen expctetu, s,'et in a very ]lrisbaue iteish report on tile sub.ijeet of the Jimna gold escort. I HIe adaults, lowavtoer, lthat tlhe dietance is six miles furtler froni lriabanle tlhan fromn Ipswichl, only he suggests that a delay mi!ght possibly be conused on the Itter route. Thie distutcc, hle says, "is lowger by a day's singe," and yet, by hIis own accoutt, lie lper formicd the journey selh wey in tlhree days. lut sinec the distance ifrom Itpswtih is only, according to his otn showinig, 1 miles, ile, le fronm ]risbano it is i7, we see no reaunii wnly, withll colel anld atealntera cottst:mtly plying, tile escort horses should ever go to liriehbate at all. A correspondent writing to the Courier says: SLaw as were thle prices this neasoni, tile cotto crop lis left more money ot shie iogun and Albert Lthan aly other crop rever dlid." We are very glad to hear this. We kniow it to be lte c;se io this distrioel, but I we had heard reports that nearer tle roaost cotton cultivattiou was likely to be Ctitrely abantdoned, in cuntequllnce of its. unlroiduitilveneos, in favour of sugar. \\\'e Ilope the friends of tile agriculsurist will slot lose sight of our suggefstiot for a gradual ditnuni tion of tile aosount of tCli cottoll bo!sn, isstead of its sauddei disoomtlatntctte at the red of the season. Six peice ler pound disIribtlted over three years (3d., Id, Mand Id.) will not. e a very ImuchI greater itax o the cointlrlv than IolrpIenCe e llollund ill one yaCI, but it will do infititely greater good. It sihoult be retl:tellltbre.d tloreoler thl;at cottoil bonuses are not etah. Alt.though rce.ivred as cash at the Treioary in paytment for laud, thnere an be no doubt thlt a great deal of the land paid fir in land orders would not Ilhave beet sold bat for Illose orders. T'he onmoutt re~rlvsbl. e IIt the Ipswich Land Olffice en u.c?out of the land f-c whlicrli alpli'etiots score cra:nlt last 1. court day was about £1300, of whichl over C£1000 was paid in caush, ad tilei rest ill land orders. Tb' foliwollowitg is r neturn of tile payitg trnflic ot the SiIthiern anid \VesterI Hiailsway fir li week endt' itt_ oil Sa:tuLyrd.y lst:-5Passent ers, £227 1le. Gd.; poreilo, £10 5t. 10.1.; ttls,,lhnlteoua, £14 9s. 10d.; goods, £501f s. id. 'fToeal, £810 lfis. 8d. \We re riquested to ltaule lint a juvoenilo rbnrert in id oif i.the building fitl of St. lary's schools twill iake plce at tile slsheol ou Monday cronieg, cOlm onsecing at Idf-peast 7. \We are glad to piereive tlhant tle D.D. eazelte agrees wies tihe Roci'hamtnl .roullelin ill agreeing with uCs in our agreemett witth Mri. Fitzgerald that , Seltlll, elr of A.semblty, slien tueintg oflco a0s a re1spo sible Minister iuglit not to be compelled to go to his cotstituentsle. Wlhere there is such agrecoble ullanitity uramong the most influential nmembers of the Qute.enland press, we entertain little doubt hatt tihe evil nwdil oa be rrctedi'd. OurToowoomba coenl?-m porary sayso:-" A great deal of time is lost by thkse oppeals to a constilurcy, miore especially if the district is at aII great.distance froom telo seat of Govern itentt. \'hleU it was ItroL dte'rtmined that every replresentatire acletling a plae of profit under the Crowc should go bark to his cotnstituents to obtaint their appronal ot' the course Ie it d akel;on, things were diflhrent from what tlwy aire tow. Meblibers of PLar liamtunt were tlen subjeil to a Court inlluence, which hau hod no eoDect ill I.nugland durir.g the present reign, tand very little in tht: colonies." The writer then gies on to refelr to a certain clause of tin Act of Parli.ient., whbich ihoweser hlas nIothing, and could hIave nolting, whatever to do wiLth ite miteatter. The clause whichl rentders a reference to thle constituenscy neccssury is thie 19thi elause of the Constitution Act. .Biy Ite nay, tnhe Act to which our contLemporary refers is one lnthat we inevoer before hIeard of. ''Thle Tintgalplt correspondent of the Courier writes: -A luoentteble accident occurred at Doughlboy Creek, on Itlouday autleroont, tile 3rd of Aigust, wticlt resulted in t ie deratl of a lad of about nine years of age. It pplers thalt. this youth and a sou of Mir. Porter's wore in tile haIbit of using a small punt, or bout, in order to cross over the croek, for the purpose of attettnding school, and on said day both of them had gone to i nud from in safety; however, shortly after returnitg, thie lad (whoseo namue is Thomas Steel, and whoso tfather is in the rmployment of Mr. l1orter), iad agait repaired to the little nhtarl, or landing-slinge, lwhere tile boat. was made fist, and lrnd, of his own ae?ord, been endeanouriong to get itlto it, or from sotei otlher cutse ullkllown, got into deep wauter, atd wos dro'nted. As nIo person weas tlhere to witness wllatl took Iplace, tile cause of the boy's disap peeiratneC was bfor sote days envcloped ill a 'omltplcte mystery, on thie bont altd tile nars connoeled Ihiciewithl were found all right where left. A number of neigh boura kindly assisted the boy's father to search and drag lthe creek for a considerable distance, but after being thus engaged for two days, they gave it up in despair. A lot of blaekfellows (whoso camp is close by the spot) were coialled into requisition, and tlhey betlook themselros to divitg into the seek, but withl out finding stie body. Ot Sunday afternoon three yountg men from Irisbanc, and a son of Mri. Green, residing at Tingalpa, went down to tho foot of what is termod Greetn's Pocket, and fell in withb thie body of kte muissing lad floating i thie creek. The body was mtade first wilth n rope Iuntil the parents of the poour lad could be coamnunirahed with. Mr. Greet got oU Ihis horse, and at once repaired to tlheir residoncse in Portu'si paddock, and conveyed to themothe painful intellitgeice. The some night his remains were con. s.eyed in a smnll boat to his late abode. I may swnstion ht i I pl a e s,, where deceased was discorered is over six tiles fIrom whlere he is supposed to Iase met Lan untimely sld, the tide in thIe creek hasving drivetl the body this distance. Great sympathyli is felt for thie parents of the poor lad, iwho a ore only late arrivals in thle colony; in fact, I believe that they aore serving their first engageomeut since arrirval. It is pretty well knowns that the illustrious stranger who lately honoured our poor city with his presenCe, under the stile, title, and dignlity of the Count voa ALtems, is tht issdividual 'mho, in our Sydnssy telegrea on Tuesday, was said to bare obtained large advaoces in that city, on lictitious papers. We are sorry to any that ihe managed, during his shlort stay heore, to walk into the gooi graces of some of our citizens, ald to make rather iheavy drafts oni their bhanksers. His countship, it will be remembered, left Brisbane in that renowned craft the Hamlet's Ghost, tlhe history of which vessel ought to be'written some day ; and hg has Last beeu heord of at Oloveland Bay. A wariaat is out for his apprehension, and troopers haro beoen dispatched orerland fromn Port Donison to secure him if possible before he makes a decent aon our friudends in Batavia.-Courier. 