PUNCH ON SIR ALFRED STEPHEN. Liberty plucks justice by the nose. — Measure for Measure. The violence of religious publications is one of the most interesting subjects of study to the mere worldling. The calm of the accom plished cynic, the repose which is the highest characteristic of the swell — the gentlemanly tolerance which sits so well on the man of the world, and fits his amiability as his morning coat fits his graceful figure : all these things seem to be simply impossible to the con- ductors of, and contributors to, "good" newspapers. Must a man when he writes to a holy paper necessarily become vulgar and abus ive ? Do the writers of saintly journals keep all their bad language for their leading articles, and write down their curses instead of speaking them ? Or, why is it that your mere secular scribe can write like an accomplished gentleman, while your pious penny-a- liners, can only damn each other with ferocious fervour? Now we have in this city three professedly religious publications — The Aus tralian Churchman, The Freeman's Journal, and The Protestant Ban- . ner; of the two last (which we hear, on undoubted authority, are going to be amalgamated, and we heartily offer our congratulations to each on the prospect) we shall say nothing more than this, that if we wanted to make use of a journal for the purpose of instructing youth in the principles of honor, we should most assuredly prefer Bell's Life to either of the organs of religion mentioned. Of the Austra lian Churchman we desire to speak, as far as we can, in terms of respect. It has always struck us as a nice little paper in which mild young curates experimented in small English compositions, and so fitted themselves for the more solemn duties of life. It is a species of Court Journal, published from a country parsonage, and is ordi narily as well intentioned, harmless, and feebly edifying, as such a publication could be expected to be. But in Christmas week (it was published the day after Christmas Day), it comes out with as much of the blood and shillelagh business as the Freeman, or the 'Prentice boys of Derry of the Banner could desire. If the young, sweet, editorial curates had all been pushed out, and their chairs occupied by Zachary Barry, Beg, and M'Cibbon, the transformation could not have been more complete. We shall give one illustration. Our dear old Chief Justice is known, if he has any fault (which Mr. Punoh gravely doubts) to possess the faculty of working day and night in all sorts of extra-judicial causes, for the benefit of his fellow-creatures. His brilliant intellect (which is to every one of us a very precious possession) is, as most brilliant intellects are, a very restless one. The work of the Supreme Court is only pastime to it, and it finds occupation sometimes in Total Abstinence agitations, at others in re volutionary ideas in the architecture of public buildings, and more recently," it seems to have devoted itself to a subject which is only second to Parhes and his ghost (and which by the way has something to do with both) — the Reredos at Christ Church. The Chief is said to have written some letters on this subject. We are not aware whether the charge is true or false. The presumption is in favour of the charge — for he is always prepared to write volumes of letters on any subject if he thinks he can mitigate a sorrow, expose an abuse, oblige a friend, uphold a good cause, or do anything else which good men love to do. Mr. Punch knows him well, and feels assured that if he (Mr. P. ) were unwell next week and incapable of the tremendous intellectual effort involved in the production of this journal, Sir Alfred would at once volunteer to edit it — and very probably write his'articles while a couple of aspiring juniors were blackguarding each other under his nose, for the delectation of a pair of doubtful attor neys. We shall therefore admit that he has written about the Reredos. Why should he not ? He is, with but one exception, the most distinguished member of the Church of England in this colony. He worshipped at Christ Church for many years, he subscribed to the Reredos, and he certainly knows as much about such matters as any other man in the community. Why should he not have his say, and try to prevent a large number of people from making egregious asses of themselves, and dishonoring religion by their noisy non sense ? We cannot see any reason for his compulsory silence ; but otherwise the Australian Churchman. On the morning after Christ mas, this is the way that journal permits a correspondent to write of the Chief Justice — I take up my pen to answer the two letters addressed to you on this subject by Sir Alfred Stephen (for I refuse on the present occasion to recognise the thin disguise of the signature actually appended to them.) What business has the writer to do any thing of the kind, or the conductors of the Churchman to permit him ? Beyond the tolera tion of insolence to Sir Alfred Stephen what is gained by the pro ceeding? Would Mr. Fairfax or Mr. Bennett, first give to the world a c ommunication bearing a journalistic signature, a nom de plume, and then permit the insertion of a letter revealing their cor respondent's name ? We think not. Sir Alfred is then charged " with abdicating of his own will the duties which his position imposes, and assuming the attitude of an advocate with an exhibi tion of weakness and bad taste with ignoring the obvious and imperative obligation of impartial silence . . . with using lan guage by which persons consider themselves outraged with finally doing his very best to banish and destroy peace. " Now that is a nice little catalogue of charges against the first colonist in station, as he is perhaps the most eminent in kindliness, of all of us. And to this gentlemanly indictment is appended the name of a practitioner in His Honor's Courts, who is also a Bishop's Chancellor ! ! ! Alas ! what with Parkes and the Reredos — Kiama and Chancellors — what a melancholy place of residence for Christian gentlemen this country is rapidly becoming. But for the consistent and edifying piety of Toby, Mr. Punch would almost be driven to despair. How many Cathedral ( A jisles are there in a Bishop's See ? 