AN EsTono6IeIntr CoaT.-Some weeks ago it was mentioned in our columns that a case was known of wool on the backs of the sheep in tle morning lhaving been worn as a coat at a ball in tile revening. liMr. Buckland, agent to Sir R. Thlrockmorton, Bart., informs us that the coat in question is still in exis tene, with all tlhe documents relating to it. And a placard of the date lhas been sent to us, giving a full hiotorr of the exploits, in explanation of a plate in wlhic thie whole proceedings are depicted. In ex amiuinng furlher tile records of thie time we find thaint the sheep in question were pure-bred Southldowns, aid thie flock under Mr. Buckland's management is lthus one of the oldest pure-bred Southldown flocks in thile kingdom. Among the manuscript records relating to it, we find evidence of rams haying been used on it in tho frst year of this century both from Sussex and from Woburn; so that, now that Ellnan's flock has been dispersed, we may say that the Berkshlire flock, from which so many prize sheep hare latterly been sent, is one of the oldest of which any evidenee of continuous breeding exisos in this country. The following is tihe placard :--" Illustrative of manufac taring celerity(, to prove tilhe possibility of wool being manufactured into cloth between sunrise and sunset; and whihel was succesfully secromplished on Tuesday, tse 25th June, 1St1. At 5 o'clock tlhat morning two sheep, belonging to Sir Julmi Throckmorton, Lart., were shleared by hlis own sliepherd-Francin Drueat, and tise wool civen to Mr. John Coxeter, at Grcnliam Millst, near Niewbury, Berkshlire, who sad tis wool spun; the yarn spooled, warped. loomed, and wove; thle claois burred, milled, rode, dyed, dried, sheared, nrod pressed by 4 oalock. All thie processes of manu facture were performed by hand in eleven hlours. The c)oth was then given to Mr. Isaac White, tailor, of Newbury, whose sons, Jamues Vllite, cut the coat out and had it made up within two hours and twenty minutes, wien thle master manufacturer, Mr. John Coxeter, presented it to Sir John Thlrockmorton, Bartk. lwho appeared willth it on before an assembly of 5000 spectators, who lhad come far and near to wit ness this singular and unprecedented performance completed in thirteen hours and twenty minutes." Agricu[lural Gaoelle. In an old Frenchl drama a disreputable cardinal is made to say, " iarriage is certainly thIe lheaviest chain which can be fastened oa a man," and the equally disreputable abbi replies, "For which reason there are two to carry it, (takes a pinch of suff) somelimes three." But it should be the pride antd settled pur pose of every man to show himself equal to bear gaily anod gallantly the burden of any fetter which hbe has hinself forged, and this we nmust do as well as we can and how we may, for "a purposeO wedded to plans often comes to be shipwrecked, but if a purpose is steadily followed up by such means and as oplortu tity offers or circumstances admit, it will most cer tainly be attained. In one of Bulwcr's novels Ihe relates hlow a German prince inspired to assist Sir Sedley Beaudesert in bearing thle weighlt of the matri monial chain, and how Sir Sedley deroted all hIis time and talents to defeat himn, made love to his own wife, supported hier, encouraged hler, overpowered the prince by his politeness and cordiality, outdid him in muni filence, beat him at Iis own game, turned himn into ridicule, and finally put him out of fashion. Tbs prince had not the ndvantage of lhaving been pre viously preferred, and therefor, the case is not whlolly in point, but it illustrates how tlhe tlhing is to be done. Of course a man can in law and in fact command the obedience of his wife and order out of his hsouse any person wllo causes hil uneasiness, but if this is the best he can do, the affection which custom and con vettionality compel her to stimulate is but the painful civility and forced smiles of the helpless debtor to wards a powerful creditor. After all, the victory must first be won by ourselves over our own impa tience, indolence, and stupidity. We remember a pretty story of a Frenchl marquis who ehased an old love fairly out of his wife's leart, ansd while she was morally sliverring with cold and fear at tihe ghost of hier own imagination, he dispelled it by surrounding hier with light and warmrthll. For hier be foresaw all annoyances and smoothed all difliculties, reproached hlier without allictina i her, doubled the value of any token of laffection by the way in which he offered it, never embarrassed iher pride, wounded hlier vanity, or offended ier Lastes lie was tender at thle precise moment whlen tenderness was, not most demanded, but mosot'deired, flattered her by hii actions more thans by his words, conveyed a caress in a glance of tte eye, or in thile tone of his voice, in fact ii elsatolil lail toijnors le eorr (there is no Esglish enprcanion which will convey the meaninig of thait sentence), and of 'ourse at lust reigned triumphantly as it must be owned such men deserve to do. These things do not cost us much to do, or to give, anid tlat which we receive in return is in value immeasurably beyond the small sacrificen we may hoe lad to make. 