CATHOLIC CHURCH, NORTH SHORE. On Sunday last according to previous arrange dents the new church dedicated to the Mother ?f God under the title of ' Saint Mary Star of the Sea' at the North Shore was solemnly bles aed and opened by his Grace the Archbishop. A very large number of Catholics were present ftome having come a long distance from the bush And. others 'from Sydney, and among the latter Were the Honorable Terence Aubry Murray, and the Spanish Jounsul. The spot upon which ihe church is built is one of the very best that Gould have been selected being in the very centre ♦f the Municipality and commanding a magniri «tsnt view of the City of Sydney ami the whole Of the riiagnifk-ent harbour as far as the heads. The church is built of stoue and ninety two feet Sfe length and thirty three feet in width, the W»lle eighteen feut iu length and the apex of the fable tniity seven feet. It is in the early Eug ah style of gothic architecture and at present tfonsistS'pf tho main body under a single open tim bered roof,- hiving circular spanirils for future ?fcarvius 'terminating on stone corbols. Ou one ; -ide there are live lancet headed windows, and OQ the other fowr, with a door communicating With the temporary sacristy. At the we3t ;end' Is a well proportioned porch with a triplet gothic window above foiled with stained glass. At the. Kast end is a large chancel arch afc present open ing into- a neatly decorated chancel lighted by a Stained arid figured win low in three compart ments. Each end of the Cross as well as the jporch, channel and sacristy are surmounted by #rnameata] crosses. Tbe decorative works in ?file chancel are exceedingly well executed, and give a tine effect, viewed from the body of the church. The ceiling is divided into oak panels with ornamental centres, behind the altar are thieo panels illuminated and painted on imita tion of fresco after the design of Pupin, and re present two angels bearing shields on vvhi-:h aro the monograms of Our Saviour and the Blessed Virgin ; in the centre over the altar is a dove ?emblem of the dtvscimt of the Holy. Ghost. On 4he righfc and left of tbe altar are four panels with symbolic characters of early Christianity, illuminated gothic ornaments. The altar itself is in imitation of white marble with gold mould ings aud' enrichments, the centre panel contain ing an emblematic shield of the Holy Cross, Paschal Lamb, St. Peter, the Bleeding Heart as well as the emblems of the Blessed Sacrament. 'The tabernacle is beautifully gilt and painted. The whole of this ornamentation of the chancel «treet, and is his first piece of ecclesiastical work ?«a:ecuted since his return .amongst us. The Stone work was clone by T; Broodfoot, and the teurpentenns;, and finishing work by Mr. Elphis 4one. Such, is a brief outline of the beautiful 'Church erected by the Catholics of St /Leonards', in the very short time of twelve, mouths The fcuilding is able to accommodate 450 persons, 'and. from the statements of accounts niat.e by Father ILenny, the zealous past^' of -the -district, it ap peats that the cost of the church has been £1200 ? portion of which remains as a debt upon the «acred edifice. The reverend gentleman stated M.\\*~L «r1-w-.r- I.** urfio nnoriiittDil t-.ii fr.Vii--* . iliwivpipt-. Ills: 'worthy predec ssor had. already .began to collect funds for thenewehureli which had buen ham led to him, '--md through the. zeal of the people be ?;? had been able to complete the work satisfac torily. The ceremony of blessing commenced at' 11 ?'clock by his Grace the Archbishop, according to the rules prescribed for saclrau occasion, and ?which we have on several occasions given to our readers. : The people having withdrawn from the church, his Grace addressed them from th« porch. 'He said they wre assembled iu the WBual way, to return thanks to God tor having Youchsatetl his protection r,o all- engaged, in the erection of the buikliny ; lor no accident hail kappeueilj and everything had gone on smoothly. All Ji:i,l pnnf.rilmt'.Hil T,n it... and a L'OOd will :4,nd Catholic, love hail been insunicstud ;.a brother. luacl helped a brother, ar^l those on the other ?ide of the water possessing, mure means1 had assisted ' in 'the good wovk, ami he returned thanks to 'Almighty God for this. They were assembled to -implore a blfssing -on tliu ' pas tor, : mn the people, and on all who will assemble. within these walls to partake of the Sacraments mv assist at the great sacrifice' iirst offered on Calvary.' It was a matter of congratulation to find that, crnnnienueU in 'Jerusalem, it s,-uii spread tc- Asia, thence, to Warupv, anjl is now to. lie found over the whole world, ov\:ii in , tlm SBoat distant piifb, applying the merits 'of ' his passion -;to ourselves. The building must he ?aactiiiediby prayer,' not only wla-n th-i fonnda tionsfconewisJuid, 'nut even now, when. completed, fceforw it can be set aside for tin; holy pLU|»).;vs ?four unworfcliim-jss to erect temples to i»h« wor- I ?hip oc the true God, and this is don-v by lvi-ifc-.j img the fourth Penitential .psa-liu Miscrera while gouur round the rim rub, , sprinkling ttie wails! with holy water, showing that, it. is only by the ?prinkling of tho blood of Christ that wu are rendered lit to -assist at tho tiotainn -strvices of/ the Church.-. Another ol-j. ct ot tho sprinkling ?f the blessed water is. thab wheioit ha.s iiuen aprmkk-d there shall- 'dwell brotherly love. ^ . ?» .- i t ? It . ? ' .. L* /''( . ^ fill .1 peace, ana Mie tiiessun? oi uon. mey tueu «B.ter the church recitiuy the Litany of tin-' Saints, still .ackaowlelly ng , their 'uu worthiness aad asking them to intercede at the .tu.rouu ot Meioy for them. . Tho inner walls of the Uhnritli are then apriuklfcil with the holy water, aftiY wJbttch they return to the altar praying tliat.wii:tt' lifts been blessed by them may i-e blessed try, Almijihty God. His Grace concluded a beauti fwt dTscour^e by expressing a hope that, as iu k»d di-ue his duty they would do theirs and by tbe-s~e generous coutri-iutiona prizu the iuteresi Ifb&y; i;nko in the work of building churches U ? M&o; true God. Wiuii the ceremony of blessing was. over, Migh Mass was celebrated eorum E/dscopo'b) th- Rev Father Dwyer, the deacon atut sui)--leacoi being licr. Father Oolletti and Brother Placid ; Jfofcher Luckio acted m Assistant priest to hu Grace, and Father Kenny as Master of Cere monies. .After the Gospel Father Luckie as cended the pulpit and preached an eloquent aerhion. ' .. 'For I have chosen and have sanctified this place, that my name may be there for ever, and my eyes and my heart may remain there perpe tually,' 2 Book of Chronicles, Chap. 7 v. 16. After having explained the text, the Her. Fa therjLuckie said : That the assurance which the Alm/ig&ty;, gave the great Hebrew King upon the ^eW*ilon of the great temple of Jerusalem to KR,aoly name, that He should ..remain there i perpetually to listen to the prayers and supplica tions of His people, was repeated on that memo nable occasion when 'at the Last Supper, our Divine Lord blessed the Sacred Chalice, while instituting the adorable sacrifice of the Mass, He said, 'This is my blood of the New Testa mentj that shall be shed for many' -'dothiB for a commemoration of me.' While the altars blazed with victims in the Temple of Jerusalem upon the festival of dedication, and prayers and praise mingled with the sweet sounds of music swelled forth and clouds of incense rose on high, the sacred narrative tella us, that the majesty of God tilled the place. Oh, but what devout Ca tholic does not feel a similar impression when he has the happinea* to assist worthily *t the Holy Sacrifice of the New Law ? It was the faith in iuia greac wuca aua tne feeling arising from it, that inspired and encouraged the present congre gation, whilst they worshipped God in humble places to toil, and subscribe of their means, and work earnestly, that; tlu-y rni^ht one day enjoy the inestimable happiness to possess the beauti ful Church in which they now assembled for the tirst time, and that, it might be somewhat worthy of the service and the august eacridce to' which it shall henceforth 'be devoted. This is truly a structure 'Worthy of the zeal and piety of this congregation. Its walls are massive and its ?oof strongly constructed, both typical of the strong and abidiag fai^h that enlivens the Catho lie heart. . Aud it is dedicated to the Blessed Mother of God, under the beautiful appellation of 'Star of the S a. Mary is truly a star by sea and a light by land. And as the world .-grows, darker, the greater the necessity there exists for a light to guide. Those that have made a diagnosis of society throughout the nations tell us, that the dark ' clouds of infidelity threaten the world with an awtul gloom. Bat with the clear light of Reve lation and the giiicliug light of Mary's example, ml Mary's virtues;' -'the -'beautiful Star of the local-nation, Catholics had nothing to fear for .uuc i.uiunf ; ui .ouuicby. ' xtu, . Wlbu SUX'U ' UgilbS their paths would lie lighted up, aad their road pointed, out during thtir sojourument on this earth, on thu.rvvayto a happy eternity. Tiiis is the' House of God and tbe gate of Heaven.'- ! Here^rill . their .?.??children:', be baptized and ad ! initted'into the Cuurcn- Hore: will their young members be joined in Hftly Wedlock, and from hence will go forth the: Ho'ly y-afcicum tocom fort aud console the dyiiig penitent. But above 4jl, here shall iteUeucftorth ottered botliior^ the living and the dead, the Adorable Saciitice. of the 'Mass. The preacher haviny explained 'the- nature ot'^acrUice-- that ib*as the highest ex prsshiou of man's faith aud religious feeling— , tn.iil it was the hi^aedt. act ot divine worship, and that the Almighty 'himself appointed it aud enjoiued it as- 'the most Expressive, as the most acct-p table manner of impressing upon mankind, the absolute power and dominion of the Deity over his creatures, aud their total dependence U|.iou Him,, proceeded ;' to show, that though prayer aud ' praise1 were' excellent- as forms of duvoiion, and' as adjuncts and acces sories1 to the. -; Supreme, religious rites, yet the Atuiighty never intended, that they should suptrcede, or, take the place of sacri lioy. Thii moitij ;of':sacrilice might change, as witness the bloody sacrilices of (The old law, the; sacrifice oi Mulouisu.iee, the saciilice ot' Calvai-y, and tde unbloody aacriticeof thenewlaw. But the tsSL-utials ot saciilicd never changed— they were never abro'gafce«J in ftivor of prayer aud praise, but on the contrary, God enjoiued this high act of divine worship upon all peoples for all ages. Mankind, enlightened by reason and guided dy J.iwvtdafcioi], 1'eiD tiib necessity from the. beginning to worship its Creator.' The eat liest records hi the human race tell that Cain and Abel offered sacrifice. Bui tiuit early- history of the workt opens with a sat-1 chapter ; for we tiud tho talse worship set up contain puraueously . ivicli ?? the. true. Cain's sacnliue aiui worship, because I false, is rejected1 Abol's is accepted, and the true sacrifice ai:d true form1 of worship is conr . tiuue i. Tlio ihjlu-e comos — thot awful event, i su . pimling- to g oloyical scieii' ?, ntso well ; uuilersbood' iu the light of 1'/ ela i., Which puuishwl guilty man tor his siua ../. nnqitiiios. v«- sooner, uowtv--r, are cue waters dried upon tile, eanh than thu ..Patriarch Noah descends from tho Ark, ami u- at'knuwu-.il^r the ineruilul caie of his Omni|j'oteut preserver from the pirils oi' his positk.ii, hu rai ssod -an aitar and called upon the name of tho Lord Passing on, pursuing the history of this world, we coinu to the tuner- ? uacle in tiu; dusurt, lor which- the Lord Jehovah Himself prescribed the Ritual— how the sacri Vicial victims were to be otrwred, aiii all the other attendant coretiionies. But it was reserved for David, the pious liebr«'w King, to conceive the ? project ot, builniwg.u touipie oomuwhat worthy oi; aid Maker. p Whilst surrounded, by royal'pomp and magnificence he ieidingly proclaims to the prophet Natliau his huniiliatioh that he';shoukl reside in ,u a house built oi cedar whilst the. Ark of -GadiriitiiaiuKd covered with skiua.' For the piesout;this projuct is frustrated. However, the pious monarch is consoled with the pro phetic assurance that his son Solomon shall execute the work he so much; desires, but is unablft to accomplish. To the work ot uihluig the old t«mple of Jerusalem Solomon brought all that was necessary for so vast an un durtakiuj; — groat knowledge both natural aud icqiureiL and ''untold wealth He completes his -vork arid the description is given in the book trotn which 1 have taken my text. But all this time (he prophetic voice resounds through* out the nations that the sacrifice offered there must give place to a greater one, tbe sacrifice of thtf 'new law. And the prophet Malachy pre pares the world for the immediate event. From the fiist to the tenth verse of the first chapter of that prophetic writer— the Lord rebukes and upbraids his chosen people for their sins and prevarications. He increases in solemn emphasis towards the tenth verse, where he breaks with them: sayiug 'I have no pleasure in you, saith the'Lord ; and I will not receive a gift of your hand, for my name is great among the gentiles, xand in every place there is offeied to my name a clean oblation.' The ancient Sanhedrim is dis persed, the Sinagogue is buried with honour, and Titus the Roman general has demolished the/temple of Jerusalem and the sacrifice dis appears there for ever. The new sacrifice and the new religion are now introduced. Ah 3 but amidst what trials, what terrible persecutions. Ten persecutions and a thousand minor ones mark tbe years that the followers of the cruci fied strove to established the true faith against the might and power of imperial pagan Rome. At length Consfcantine observes the mysterious inscription on the heavens en touto nika. The tyrant Maxentius is overthrown and peace res tored to the persecuted church. The Christians now hasten from the Catacombs, and vie with each other building and adorning Churches. There were for the last three hundred years bright and glorious names that they desired to remember, and that they wished to retain ae models of future guidance and example, and which they desiied to attach to their churches. But as they believed firmly in the faith of the Incarnatioa and appre riiftt.Hf! i+.a KlpBjailltrB affrwr .Tonne ' t»V-« nnnlrl tfim, V1HWI.U auk* ukvocriugoj mo^i ucauo, WUIJ lAJUXU bucv find eo worthy to bo constantly retained in recollection as the Blessed Mother of our Lord. ^Everywhere churches' rise under her blessed name, and hence the origin of what is here con tinued to-day after the lapse of sixteen hundred years. But at the very mention of devotion to the Bleesed Virgin we are often met with a tribe of infidels, heretics, aud fecoffers of- every com plexion, of every hue, who revile our pious faith. These scoffers are oftentimes of very small authority, even in those departments of knowledge with which they profess to be ac quainted, but wherever they enter' our sphere they become simply absurd.' The classes to which he alluded presum.-.d to rely much, upon their philosophical- acquirements, bat it would be easy to show that the doctrine of the honor and the invocation of saints was strictly in ac cordanfie with true philosophic principles, as well as in conformf fcy to revealed teaching. It is perfectly allowable to honor God in His works of nature, and we almost every day see this honor given, even to excess, upon aesthetical principles. It is equally albwable to honor God in His works ot grace, which the saints unquestionably, are ; and foremost amongst them all, the Blessed 'Virgin the Holy Mother of God. As we honor and venerate her, -?e also invoke her aid and ask her So use with her Di vine Son h^r in cercessioii, believing that Her ears are ever open to our prayers. This doctrine of devotion is- equally as tenable as the other. If the discoverer of the uu dulutipn of so'undj who asserted that sound-once omitted waves. on and is hoard throughout uu Kunttid snace. was never refuted, our assertion that the saints can hear our prayers will remain untouched. But the divine record of- Revelation as we read in the ? 1'5'th Chap, and 10t.li verse of the Gospel of St. / Luke,.- confirms the fact th.at . our communications reach those members in communion with us, in holy fellowship. Our devotion to ami invocation of, the Blessed Virgin, the Holy Mother of God, is truly rational and Scriptural in doci'tine and practice, despite tha sneers and cavils of profane scoffers. He wished, on such a day as this, alter the example of tho Hebrew's of old, who, upon their high festivals,, always took occasion to remind their people of wlnu they suffered for their faifch in the land of Egypt, fco allude to the suffering of the early Chu rob hi-iv. Our fathers, too, passed 'through a Red Sea. pursued by'aiciny a cruel Pharaoh. We, how ever, have come into a promisor! land ; and though it has been our lot to mint a few' 'Philis- tines to oppose, yet our progress was reas&uiin;'sj. And with zeal, perseverance, virtue, .and reli gion, and the bright example of the Blessed. Mary ! always kept before the eyes of old and youuy, there must be a, glorious futurity tor Catholicity in ' this land. The progress of the past was tha best guarantee for the future ; ami this progress was unquestionably not surpassed in tho annals of the Church. He was incapable of flai.turm., any one, but he was obliged to make certain personal allusions whilst stating histwry. Tin; different success, accordiug to ine testimony ot. the Count de Montelanibt-vt,' that has marked the«arly English Church and the CatholicChuri-l. here is really marvellous.. Upon tha death of, the first apostle of England, the religion ho oamo t-- extend was conLintd to a small/area amun.i. Cantorbuty. It appears ho was always sowing, he never lived to reap. The tirst Arch bishop of Sydney -has not only sown, but he now enjoys the consolation to gather iu the harvest. Since the days ai St. John oE Matha, in the thirteenth century, lill now, never hasstich. a. success marked agaol'ehau lainoy or labours amongst 'the captive,. .as. has marked .the zeal of his Gr.-we and cl«rtjy. Gover nor after Governor has attested tins.'' Secretary of State'after Secretary of State has attested this, I and more than once the Parliament of Grout Britain had eulogised their labours in -rut'ormiuy outcast prisoners, ,' and raising society, hero ia the scale of humanity aud civilization ? and the thousand virtuous an*! ''respuot able families so risen and', scattered throughout the land confirm the fact. And yet this is the venerable prelate thab is now -.lighted at the prison doors of this colony. But, ho would restra.n himself,- and pass on to a uiore agreeable topic. Tiiere aio now ten Bishopw ruling their flocks in this Australian province of our Lord's vineyard— hundreds of priests and religious teachers, thousands of schools,' and a Catholic population that can not be enumerated, growing with » urolitio rapidity surpassing .—..,.„.,,,.„,„....„, ? ,,,„ ? j ' iy.. ? ' . ''captive Israel in chains,' We should bow down and adore the marvellous ways of God. But he challenged history to name a 'more gratifying progress than this infant Australian Church can show, for it is scarcely fifty years since the first daring priest, who 'with ada mantine will and soul of fire,' was loaded with ? ' . chains in the city of Sydney, and by order of the ''! tyrant Governor of that day, banished out of the ? country. This victory ?was won for the Faith, by prayer and fidelity to religious duties. And similar must be weapons for further conquebt; The preacher here stated, that he saw in other lands, where a person brought up about those ruins, that unfaithfulness to religious duties had created, must receive a melancholy mental complexion from the crumbling churches that once had their numerous congregation, and which had a lesson for all here to-day. Around the mouldering pile lay the graves of those that once worshiped there. There were those that built the church, and their ashes deserved a blessing — there were others, however, that allowed the church to perish and fall into decay and they deserved' execration. He ' knew however, and he was glad to know, that . .,.]-': bhe present congregation would never allow the .-? present church to iecay. They would .rear; . ^ under a proper system of education, a generation of Catholics that would educate others, and when ; bhe building required, as it would, strong as it was, in the lapse of ages renovation, there wouldt . -. -, he a generation with faith and energy to restore ^ bhe sacred edifice. In this great; undertaking r bhat devolved upon the present generation of ; V- - LJaoholics in thia land, they could obtain power- ?'?: .','.???,. ful assistance from tshe intercession of the Star -f the Sea. Revelation and Mary stood related: ''. :o them, by far more indispensibie necessity, ' ;han the two lights at the entrance of their aeautiful harbour, the pride of the Australian '-..-'I seas. The tempest tossed mariner, as on a lee- ? ./?? shore, in the deep darkness of the stormy night beholds with joy the beacon that points out the ; '! entrance. The second light directs his course till he at length joyfully anchors in the peaceful . * waters of this harbour. So, also, when, the poor- . sinner tossed about on the tumultuous ocean of this life, when almost upon the point of' sinking under trials of temptation, he casts a look at - revelation and the beautiful example of Mary : and hears the lessons of both, he will implore the intercession of Mary, he will bewail his sins and excesses, and as two lights they guide him on till he at length anchors in the peaceful haven of Jesus. He would- add one other admonition and conclude. He never looked upon a Chris tian congregation in. this land and on such a day as that without being deeply moved. He read their great destiny and awful responsibility — they were' building up a- new church and a new state in this land. God had evidently selected them tor this vast work, and ia his eyes they were no ordinary instrumental What they were called upon to do could not be done by any ofcher ge neration after them. They might do it well or they might do thi3 work .badly.— but. if. badly, generations unborn would have occasion to weep over their errors, bat if well, and it was this he joyfully anticipated; what great rewards- wsuld they not earn. To be pointed out in tbe-page..of history as tho zealous founders of the great' fii- ture of the country.— of the mighty church of lays to come, but before all and above all of a religious system and' devotion and pious prac tnea-under the auxiliary patronage -of the beau tit'ui'Star of the Sea- that would make genera tions- happy on this land and prepare them for happiness hereafter in the kingdom of God for ctll v.rciidty — Amen; ? A collection was- then marie which, realissedi about titty pounds. The choir for the occasion wjvS. takim from St.. Mary's dihedral and sang; iu a$ most effective manner one of EDay tin's ?n.a-ssps, except the Agnas Del, which, was by Vioviirt. Miss Ger-aldine Warden took part in r.lio singirtsr, aud for the 'o'ff-rtory piece sang Cisenibini's beautiful Ave Maria. After tho service F.ither Kenny entertained at dinner' his \- Trace the Archbishop, the clergy thafi assisted at the ceremony as wall as Don E. San Just,, the Spanish Consul. 