" PBOCLAJLAIIONV "In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, one God. : The King of Kings, Theodore, created by the Trinity its servant, installed by it and made Prince, to his children given to him by God and to all the Franks (Europeans). " By your God and the God of your friend Theodore, who appeared to Moses on- 'Mount Sinai and in the Jtied Sea, who appeared to Joshua of Jerico, who though his servant Samuel anointed Saul when he was seeking the asses that were lost, who when Saul tuned from his Creator, Commanded Samuel to anoint David. " Solomon was King after David, according to the word of the prophet and of his father, notwithstanding thai Adonias (Adonijah). against the will of God, was proclaimed King by the people and obtained favour in their sight. Solomon, by the Queen of Azyeb (the southeast), begat Menilek down to the dynasty of the Gallas, all the Kings were stugeplayers (azmari), who sought from God neither wisdom nor strength, but, with His help, the means of raising up the empire were found, when God chose me, His servant, to be King: " My countrymen said, • The Tiver is dried up, its bed is empty,* and they insulted me because my mother was poor, and called me the son of a beggar. But the Turks knew the greatness of my father, who made them his tributaries as far as the frontiers of Egypt and to the gates of their cities. My father and my mother descended from David and from Solomon, and they are also of the seed of Abraham, the servant of God. " !Now, those who insulted me with the name of a beggar's son are themselves beggars, and beg for their daily bread. Without God's will neither wisdom nor power can save from ruin. Nevertheless, as God said unto Adam, * in the sweat of thy face thou shait eat bread,' it is necessary not to fall into slothfulness. But it is needless for me to give you this advice ; for, as the proverb says, 1 speak not of wisdom to the fage. neither cut the fooJ of a lion.' "There is nothing powerful in the world. Many have had mortars and cannons in abundance, and nevertheless have succumbed. .Napoleon had myriads of them, yet he died conquered, after having subjugated the Franks. Nicholas, Emperor of the Muscovites, possessed them in abundance, and he was vanquished by the French, the English, and the Turks, and died without having accomplished the desire of his heart. '• If in your countries you meet with any partisans of the brigand Segusye, who shall say like the trators of this country, that Ethiopa is governed by the son of a beggar, wager with them a field covered with gold that I, the pre sent Emperor am on the throne of my fathers, Abraham and David, and bring them here to be confronted with me. " It is God ' that hath put down the mighty from their seats, and hath exalted them of low degree." 