LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF ST. MARY'S ROMAN CATHOLIC CAKEDRAbL, SPYDSEY. On Tuesday, December 8, at noon, the benediction aid the ceremony of laying tile foundatidn stone of it. Mary's Cathedral, according to the Roman Pon tifcal service, took place in the presence of a large multitude of pursons of all ranks, and of dillfferent creeds. The weather was delightful. The day selected was the Festival of the Immaculate Conception of her in whose honour the Cathedral is to be named. It is not much more than three years since a conGagratin destroyed the old Cathedral, which had for years been tihe pride of the Roman Catholirs of this colony. Tile ealamity was so unexpected and disheartening to our fellow-citisens of the Roman Ca holie Church-and so universally regretted by the colonists generally-that persone of nearly every erligious persuosion united in practical sympathy towards re.-hui ding on the ruins of the former Cathedral ant edifire of superior gran deur and strength. &t; that timne there was a spirite'f charity and religious tolerance evoked which, unbhap pily, hIas boon rudely shaks n by recent event·. It was, therefore, with mingled feelings of pride and gratifenation on the part of Roman Catholic*, that when the foundation stone was to be laid they saw people of nearly every denommnation in attendance to witness tile ceremony. At an early hour thbe bells of St Benedict's were ringing joyfully, and by ten o'clo.k the princital streets of tile city wore alive with citizens and visitors from the country, including not only Catholies, but m~any of other creeds, in holidayv attire. By Roman Catholics the.crent will be looked upon as prrlhaps the most anaspicious that has occurred in the hisitory of their Church in this colony, the more especially as tlhe local hIead of their denomination, who was so inti mately linked with all the pleasing nesociations of the old Catho-lral, hlas been spared by Divine Wisdom to lay and bless the foundation stone of the now one. His Grace tile Venerable Archhbilshop Polding, necompanied by the Roman Catholic Bishops of Mailt land, Bathurst, Golburn, and Enos; the Romann Catholic clergy of the arrhdiocese, and by a large number of clergy from tlte interior, assembled in tile pro-Cathedral shortly alter 10 o'clock, where they rested thIe Archbishop and Bishops in cope, mitre, &c.; The Arelhbi-hop carried hiis pastoal staff. The pro cession was formed in the pro-Cathlledral, and moved shortly before 11 o'clock towards the site of the new building, hIeaded by the cross-bearer and acolhtes, who were followed by a number of sanctuary boyt. Then came the clergy and deatn, the bishops rested in cope, mitre, &e.;, and his Grace the Archbishop rested over his rochet with sanice, alh, girdle, stole, cope, plain mitre, and carrying his pastoral staff or crouier. The Archbishop was iommediately preceded by the archiepiscopal iross-bearer, witli acolytes. They entered the grounds by the gate facing St. Mary's Road, and proceeded direst to the platform, which bad been specially erected for tile accommodation of those who were to take part in the ceremony. Attthis moment tile eight was grand. Among the spectators were to be noticed hundreds of our emore prominent citizens, hundreds of gaily dressed ladies, and a dense mass of our Catholic fellow- colonists. The ceremony commenced shortly after it o'clook. The Archbishop, having laid aside his crozier and mitre, began the prayers, and invoked a blessing on the salt and water to be used on the oceasion. After the usual prayers had been said, the Arbchbishop put tlhe salt into the water, in the form of a cross, and said when so doing, " Let there be made a minglinc of salt and water equally. In the name of the Father, and of the Sun, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." This being done, his Grace then said the following prayer: -" God, the Author of unconquered strength, and King of insuperable majesty, ever gloriously triumpl ing, Who dost crush the power of all advereo domina lion, anad subdue the cruelty of the roaring enemy, Who doat mightily valnquish hlostile wickedness, Thee, O Lord, trembling and suppliantly, we beseech and ask that Thou mayest voucisafe to look upon thil creature of salt and water, benignly to shine upon it, and to sanctify it with the dow of Thy goodness : that wherever it shall be sprinkled, by tihe invocatiou of Thy holy name, all tile molestation of the inclean spirit may be removed, and the terror of the venom onue serpent may be driven far away, and the presence of thie Holy Spirit may vouchsafe everywhere to be present to us, beseeching Thy mercy. Through our Lord Jesus Christ Thy Son, who liveth and reigneth with Thee, in the unity of the same Holy Spirit, God, world witiout end. Amen." Then his Grace put on his mitre, and the cathedral choir, assisted by the choirs from other churhes, chanted the antiphlon--" Signum salutis pone, Domine Jesu Christe, iu loco isto, et non permittea introire angelum percutientem;" and the 89rd Psalm in Latin. The antiphon and psalm being ended, his Grace, standing towards thle place to be sprinkled by him, his msitre being Inid aside, offered another prayer beneoch ing the Almighty to visit tlns place thriugh the in terceding merits of Blessed Mary ever Virgin, and of all Saints, with thie serene wmtechfulness of His good ness, and purify it, by the infu-i -ti of His grace fromn all pollution, and keep it purified ; and as He fulfilled tie devotion of His sell-bnlored David, in thie work of hIis son Solowon, so in this work rourhsafe to perfect their desires; and tnay all spiritual wiked nosoes be driven away ft-a,, hetie. Titrounhl our Lord Jesus Christ, Thy Son, h Io lireth ind reignarthl with titer, in the unity of the Holy Spirit, God, world without end. Amen. The Archbishop havintg asseened tile platfqrm, and being sirroiindd by thle SiBiogan Bieshops, tlie clergy, and laity, the Rcv. Padto B.ranti preached a moot eloquent serrumon. npprlpriate to the occnsion. After tihe sermon Measrs. WV. Coveny and James tltllens approached the Archbishopt, asd, on behalf of thle laity, presented Ilis Grace with a golden trowel. The Archbishlop, followed by the Sufferagns and clergy, tthen walked in procssion round the founda tions of thie future Cathedral, the chlir elantitg thie u-eal arntilihon and psalm and spriikled with the water hlie had blessed first the place where the cros was placed near the chief s0on,, and then thie founida tions. This havinig beeu done, his Graoe came to the fiotundation stone, which he blesed, and atain eprin led, prayers being also offered. TIhen taking the golden trowel his Grace marked the stone in e-et part withL tile sign of the cross, s·ying--" It the name of the Fathler, and of tile Son, and of the HIoly Ghost. Amen." Afterwards, some carpet w-as placed upon lthe ground, anid ot it a fild-attol, on which the Bishop, heing put on his stitre, kneilt down. Then were said the "Litani.s of the Saints," which being ended, the Bieshop, having laid easide his mi.re, rose, and terading towards the foundation stone, offered snother prayer. Mortar iarinig been provided, and th- mason being at ihand, hlis Grace, with his mitre on, began (the choir following him) the ontiphon "MLane Sur gens Jacob, &c.;," and Psalm CXXVI. His Grace standing with his mitre then touched acd properly adjusted the first stone in the foundation saying this prayer-" In the fith of Jesuts Christ, we set this irst stone in this foundation: in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, that tre 'aith mLay glurish t'ere, and the fear of God, and hrotherly love, and that fthe place omta be devoted to prayer, and to he inveoration and praise of the name of the name Jesus Chrirst our Lord, who, with the Father and the Holy Ghost, liveth and reignethi Go , world without end. Amen." In the cavity underneath the foundation stone were deposited copies of th. Herald, Empire, Ewenran' . Journal, and Evenming emeos. Walen the foudatinnestone had been laid, and the ceremony of sprinkli'g with holy water concluded, The Hon. J. Plunkert read and presepted an address, appropriate to thle oeaion, and His Groce said, ifanything could add to his plessure in riceiviag that address it was the fact of its presen tation by a gentleman who, next to himself, had done more for Catholicism in this country than anyone a else. They ill knew the share Mr. flunkett had in obtainine for members of their faith what might be terteed the LIagna Charta of their religious liber ties. Ths object in which they had been that day cneaged was not for themselves, but for the Almighty God. The Archbishop then read his written reply. An adjonrnment was then made by the prinacipl persons present to a luncheon, to which upwards of a hundred had been invited by his Grace. The hsealth of her Majesty the Queen was proposed by the Arch hishop, who in the course of Itis remarls alluded to the feelings of loyalty and respect which he enter rained to her Majesty, in common with all who sc knowledged themselees British subjects. Something had been said in England about her Majesty's living in retirement since the de.th of the lamented Prince Consort; buht whn they considered that the Qieen had devoted those years of seclusion to training her clildr.en worthily to fi61 those exalted spheres in life for whiclh thy were deslined, such an example was not only a model for all mothers to follow, but would be produetive of far more benefleial results than if tier Maj'.sty had interfered as actively in polities' as some parties in England considered she ought to have done. He had sincere ratifoation in proposing the heablth of "HIfer Majesty the Queen." The toast, as also that df his Holiness the Pope, was received enthusiastically. The usunl toasts were then given and responded to, -nd the party broke up. Crowds or people lingered on the spot until some time after the conclusion of the ceremony. Nearly £2000 was contributed in aid of the building fund, some large donations being made. The following is the Archbishop's reply to the addreses. Like nll the productions of Dr. Polding it is a masterpiece of terse rigour and finished olegances: " Dear Friends,-Your congratulations are a eom fort and happiness to me. I am thankful, firat of all to our good God, who has wrapped me round with such kind sympathy in mysorrowsand joy; anadnex, ' to you who, with nuob true instinctof flial friendship, have ever chosen the most opportune moment tochee and strengthen my heart, hy showing me what was in your own. MIy God bless you with every form of temporal and spiritual recomplense! This is, indeed, as you nyu ensl.mn and eventful ocasinu n; and it ia to me peculiarly an occasin of conaeo ation and hsp piness. It prores to me that I am building in my people's lore, and that their love for me is for God's a lake. This is the right order, this is as it should be. We sorrirwed tocether with a sonrrow that had its chief source in what se,.med a sweeping away of dear and holy memories, and on injury to the service and work of God among us; we have now our common glad. nems in the ienewal of those memories, the near pros peet of more thran restoration to that sacred sernioe and woek. After the night of our misfortune the br'ght day has dawned upon us, and with thankful joy we are exulting in its light. 'This is God's dofng, and it is wonderful in our eyes.' We realise that ancient, ofltrepeared mercy of the God of patisnce and comfort-' will turn their mourning into joy, and will comfort them and make them joyful alter their sorrow.' " My dear friends, you have mostjustly astyled our* old Si. Mary's a great hieterie fact, and you are right. Noae knows so well as I what sorrows, what hopes, what faith, had eloril0ed those old walls. Yes, it wae to the world a great historic fact, hut it had arounnd it an inner history of faclts more real than'ite stoness ai history loeible only to the eyes of God and Hisangsls, until the Ist great day of reveeling shall eome; his. ttriea of pnnitenae, and hope, and eonfdene, anhd radical conversion of life--of all the tsored formsof the msifild grmce of God in men's hearts. And now we have begun a new history, and I agree with you in desiring to inscribe on its very first page the. nlost generous eympathy and help, offered to ms and accepted, when weq first gathered together eter our disaster, from many who are not sharer in our Catholio responsibilities. May God reward them a4 he best knows how. You say that the thoughts of that kindness enabled yiu to endure much that yeon haveo since been called upon to endure. No doubt, and righteously so. What should give us consldenee in our fellow-men if kindness, spontaneous kindness, in the very hour of need does not give itP You were right in trusting that the minds and hearts of your noblest fellow-oilitens, then shown to sou in word and deed, would never swrept, or if for a moment they raeepted, would speedily rjent and repel the shamefully foul and cunning calumnies that at onue unhappy moment were east into the air, like a deadly miasma, by ignorant hate and unaerupulus oliticsl sohemning. Nothing has made me more thankful than the esteady, manly forbearance of so many of my dear simple children in the faith, under the most painful provocation. Their generous souls under stood the motive that you have giren expression to, and they acoepted the counsel of their Arohbishop and their bishops and their other clergy, 'Frankly and Sutifully. I am proud of them. For you hoare men with greater opportunities of in'tlligence and cultivation-why I commend you, and sympathiss with you in your annoyance and self-comnmand; but you have been only what I had a right to expect'you' would be. Tile event has justified, you see, our counsel and your belhaviour. Men are already begin ning to wonder what the fuss of auger and suspitious hate has all been about ; and very obviously the out. crop of poisonous plants, that threatened to mar our thirty years' harvest of brotherly harmony and good. will, has begun to witlher away. So let it be! It is another confirmation of the Divine word-' In silence and in hope saall your strengthi be.' Yes, thank God. I say it in no boastful self-eonfidence, but with hIumble trust in God's grace, from an old man's experimental kiowledge of Catlholio faith and teach. ing, that we shall live down and shame calumuny sad hate. And, as it will be in our little local tronubles, so will it be on the wide stage of the world; the time, believe me, is not far distant when men shall recognises, wit astonishment and alaros, that loyalty of every kind, tlhat human liberty in every direction, intellectual, and moral, and spiritual, have their only true and sure foundasion in thar Catholic Church, which, like her Lord, had been piartly unknown, and.. partly of malice travestied and insulted. "i My Right Reverenl and dear friends, the Bishops, who are here with me, save heard your words of aso. k.nowledg?nent, and hare seen your deeds, and I know with wmat pleasure and hope they are filled. Not a) are with us that wished, sld expected, to attend our festival, but lltho.e who are unwillingly absent will heir and read of what we have done, and will onrich us with their prayers and blhseing. They who are hero wi I, perhaps, witlh their own lips, tell you how they esteem your kitd and dutiful feelings towards them. And nlow, dear friends antd children, one mnore receive my own hearty thanks, anda once more let us resolve together that the viork we have so hap. pily begun this day shall henceforward, please God, neveor suelr let or stop, as far as we man help it, until its completion. I thope next year, if it please God to continue to me haelth, that I shall attend the great (Euumemeal Council, and I should like to carry with me a picturc, nay a good chromolithograph, of the new cathedral as we project it in its completed state ; and nest, a good lphotograph of the fifteen, or twenty, or twenty-fie feet that we shaRll, I hoe, Ihave built up by tlhat time on the noble lines we this day commence. You see I am confiding to you.a serer., but there is neitlher treason nor felony in its so mind you keep the secret; and, that it may be more safely hokept, tell it at once to. every one, man, womana, and child thast you know. It will be well kept then, and I shall have many to help me to realise my piroject, to build uajthe five and twenty or thirty feet I steak of. I shall bhe, if I go,almost, if not quite, the oldest Archbishop of that council, and I should dearly like io boast a little about you at Rome, and to hear them say, ' what a fortunate Archbishop that is, he comes one year pith a sad hIistory of a lcathedral destroyed, and then almost the next he comes with tlhe picture of a tenfold more moi fiee't one already built'-for well begun you know, dear friends, is lhalf done. May God bless you:." Nao one thinksl she oughtt to ae insfewd in "politic "e (sLtmmary confinsed in pasge 8.) 