WATCHING ON ST. MARK'S EVE. {From the Argosy-] w- .' (Concluded from our last.) v : A wild screech i Two wild screeches. Phoebe had put her hands on the startled women, and given vent to a dismal groan. iS&e; laughed ; ,but the others 'went into a desperate passion. First at having been frightened, next at having been followed. -When matters ;came to be investigated later,.it turned out that Phoebe had over heard a conversation between Molly 'and Hannah, which betrayed what' they were; about to do, and had come on purpose to startle them. A row ensued. ±Jitter words on both aides ; mutual abusings. The elder ser vants ordered Phoebe home ; she refused to go, and gave them some sauce. She intended to .stay and see what there was; to be seen, she said ; for all ^he could: tell, ifteir shadows might pass, and a good thing if they ^^did ;' let alone that she'd not ?dare to go back by herself at that hour and meet the/ghosts. Hannah, and Molly: cutthe matter short by leaving the stile toier; they went round, and took up their places by the churchyard gate. . It seems very stupid to 'be writing of; .this, I^_^are,jayj __ it must read like an old. ghost-story out of a fable-book ; but; every word is true,; as the people that lived an?undus[theii could tell you. ; There we waited-; TTannah and Molly; gathered close against ~ihs hedge by the churchyard gate j; Phoebe, TFrapfSed in her shawl, leaning on the top of the stile; I on the old tree's stump, feeling, inclined to go to sleep.. It seemed a long time,; and the night*' grew -cold. Evidently there wete-i*ti watchers lor St. Mark's shadows abroad that night except our selves. Without, warning the old clock boomed $o£ the strokes of tiie hour. ^Peri. '????? :-: ???? ' ? ? ????' . Did you ever have the opportunity'of noticing -how long, it; takes for a Bound like this ;,td! die quite away on the calm night air? iBeemed to hear it still, fioat ing off in the distance, when I became aware that some figure was advancing up the lane towards us with a rather swift step. It's Tod? this time, I thought, and naturally looked out ; and I don't xdind' telling that I caught hold of the bars of the stile for companionship in my shock of ;#£rrbr. .. 'J : I had never seen the dead walking;; but I do Jbelieve I thought I SdW it then. It looked like a corpse in its winding-sheet ; ?whether man onroman, none could tell: An ashey-white, stilly ghastly face, en veloped around -with 'bands of white linen,, was turned' fiill to the moonlight, that played upon the rigid features. The ^wholef person, from the crown of the head to Hie soles of the feet, was en shrouded in a white garment. All thoughts of Tod went out of me ; arid Fm not sure istLt what my hair rose up on 'end as the thing came on. You may laugh at me, all of you, but just you go and try it. .-'? ? - : My fear went for nothing, however ; it didn't damage me. Of ^all the awful cries ever .heard, shrill at first, changing to something like the barking of a dog afterwards^ | those were the worst that arose opposite. They came from Phoebe. The girf had stood petrified, with strain ing'-eyes and labored breath, like one who has not the power to fly, while the thing advanced. Only when it stopped close and looked at her did the pent-up cries come fortlu Then^she turned to fly, and the white figure leaped the stile, and went after, heir into the copse. What im mediately followed- I cannot remember — never could remember it ; but it seemed that not more than a minute had elapsed when I and Molly and Hannah were standing over Phoebe, lying in convul sions on the ground, and the creature nowhere to be seen. The cries had been heard in the road, and some people pass ing cams running up. -: They lifted the girl in their arms, and bore her home wards. My senses were coming to me, showing plainly, enough that it was ne ' shadow,7' but some ill-starred individual dressed up to personate iorie. Poor Phoebe ! I could, hear her cries still, though the group was already put of the copse and crossing, the open, field beyond. : Somebody touched me on the shoulder. - - 'Tod 1 Did you do it ?' 'Do' what 2' asked. Todj who was out of breath with running. 'What was all that row T'f I told him. Somebody had made him. settjntp a^host, with ia tied-up whitened face, just as the dead have, and came up the Green Lane in a sheet; arid Pho3be was being carried home in convulsions. *-'Tou are a fool, Johnny,' was his wrathful answer. 'I am not one to risk a thing of that sort, not even for those two old women we came out to frighten. Look here.' He went to the edge of the copse near the road, and showed me some things— the old pistol from the stable, and gun powder lights that went off, with a crash yards high. It's not of much use going into it now. Tod had meant, standing at a safe distance, to set a light to the ex plosive articles and fire off his pistol at the same time. 7 ' f 'It would have been so gopd to see the women scutter off in their fright, Johnny ; and it couldn't havie hurt them. They might have looked upon it as the blue light from below.' ' What made you so late T* *'Late!' returned Tod, savagely ;*' I am late, arid the fun's spoilt/ That con founded old Duff and his cane came in to see you, Johnny, just as I was starting ; there was nobody else, and I couldn't leave : him. I said you were a-bed and asleep, but it 'didn't ''send him away. Down he sat, telling a jbale of how hard worked he'd been all day, and asking for brandy-and-waterl The dickens take him!' . ' And, Tod, it was really not you ?' 'If you repeat that again, Johnny, I'll strike you. I swear, it was, not me. There i I never told you a lie yet.' He never had ; and from that moment of strong denial I knew that Tod had no more to do with the matter than I had. ' I wonder who it cpuld have been?'' ' ' Pll find that out, as sure as my name's Todhe.tley,' he said, catching up his pistols and lights. We ran all the; way home, looking out in vain for the ghost on our way, and got in almost as soon as the rest. What a hullaballop it was ! They put a mattress on the kitchen floor, arid laid Phoebe- on it. Mr. Duff ham was uppri the scene in no time ; the Squire had returned earlier than was thought for, and Mrs. Todhetley came down with her face smothered in a woollen handkerchief . As .to any concealment now, it was useless to think of it. None was at tempted, and Molly and Hannah had to confess that they ^^ went out to watch for the shadows; The Squire blustered at them a little, but Mrs. Todhetley said the keenest thing, in her mild way : 'At your age, Hannah !' *l I have known arperson rendered an idiot for life with a less fright than this,' said old Duff, turning round to speak. ' It was the following her that did. the mischief.' '.Nothing could be done that night as to investigation. ; but with the morning the Squire entered upon it in hot anger. 'Couldn't the fool have been contented with what he'd already done, without going over the stile after her 1 If I spend a fifty-pound note, Til unearth Mm. It looks to me uncommonly like a trick you two boys would play,' he added, : turning sharply upon me and Tod. And the suspicion made us all the more eager to find out the real fox. . But not a ieiue could we - discover.;-. -Nobody had* known of the proposed expedition except ;Go©der Pickerj. .and .shej as everybody testified, wtotrae'to^thebackbprie.1 £& the day. went , on, and nothing came of it, Tod had one of his stamping fits. ; 'H ;orie could find out' whether it was man or woman?! . if one could divine how $hey got; at the knofliedge !' stamped Tod;, 'The Pater. does uot look sure about us yet.3' . : - ? ? ?. ' *' I wonder if it could have been Roger Monk3?' I \ said, speaking but a thought that had /been dimly creeping up in my mind by starts all day. - *'BogerMorik F repeated Tod, 'why pitch upon him 1' . ; ; 'Only that It's just possible he might have got ,ii iout of Gpody, Picker.' Away went Tod, in bis straightforward fashion, to look for Roger Monk. He was in the hothouse doing something to his plants. ' : ffMorik, did you^play that trick last night?': 'What trick, sir?' asked Monk, twitch^ ing a good-for-nothing leaf off a budding geranium. 'What trick \ As if there were more tricks than one played ! I mean dressing yourself up like a dead man and frighten'* ing Phoebe.' : 'I have too much to do with my work, Mr. Todhetley, to find time to play tricks: I took no holiday at all yesterday, day or night, but was about my business till I went to bed. They were saying out here this morning that the Squire thought you had done it. -f Don't you be insolent, Monk. That won't answer with me.' 'Well, sir, it; is riot pleasant to be acr cused point-blank of a crime, as you've just accused me. - I know nothing at all about the matter. 'Twasn't me. I had no grudge against Phoebe, that I should harm her.' . ? ? Tod was satisfied; I was not. He never once looked in either of our faces as he was speaking. We leaped the wire fence and went across to Goody Picker's, bursting into her kitchen without cere mony. , ' I say, Mrs. Picker, we can't find out anything about that business last night,' began Tod. 'And you never will, gentlemen, as is my opinion,' returned Mrs. Picker, get ting up in a bustle and dusting two wooden chairs. ' Whoever did that, have took himself off for a bit; never doubt it. 'Twas some oneo' them village lads.' . ; ** We have been wondering whether it was BogerMonk.' ??? ? - ' Lawk-a-mercy !' cried she, dropping a basin on the brick floor. And if ever I saw a woman change color, she did. ! 'What's the matter now?' :_ ' Why you sent me into a tremble, gen tlemen, saying that,' she. answered, stooping to pick up the broken crockery. ' A young man lodging in my place, do such a villain's trick ! I'd not like to think it ; I shouldn't rest in my bed. The two servants having started right out from here for the churchyard have cowed down my heart bad enough, without more ill news/' ' What time did Monk come in last * night?' questioried Tod. **Do you re .meriibefT'''' ----- ? '* 'He -come in after Mrs. Hannah and the other had gone/' she replied taking a moment's pause. 'Close upon it; I'd hardly shut my door on them when I had to open it to him.' 'Did he go out again ?' ' Not he, sir. He eat his supper, telling me in a grumbling, tone about the extra work he'd had to do in the greenhouses arid places, because the other man had took holiday best part o' the day. And then he went up to bed. Right tired he seemed.'. '? We, left her fitting the pieces of the basin together, arid went home. 'It wasn't Monk,1' said Tod. 'But now— where to look fer the right man, Johnny?' Look as we might, we did not find him. Phoebe was better in a day or two, but the convulsive fits stuck to her, coming on at all sorts of unexpected times; Old Duff thought it might end in insanity. And that's what came of Watching for the Shadows on Sfc Mark's ?Bye! JpHitanr Lttdeow. ?'?- -. * — — - -' ? ? ? - 