aknuaiTmeeting of the synod of EASTERN AUSTRALIA. The Synod of Eastern Australia met in St. Oeorge's Church, Sydney, on Tuesday, the 3rd instant, at half-past 7 p.m. The retiring Moderator having been prevented from arriving in time to preach the opening sermon, the Jlev. William M'Intyre delivered an address based upon Acts i., 58. 'But ye Bhall reoeive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you ; and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem, and in all Judea, and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost part of the earth.' The address was to the following effect:— These words were addressed by the risen Saviour to the Apostles whom he had chosen. We are not to suppose, however, that they do not at all apply to the non-official members of the Church. If we except such acts as are strictly official, and what is strictly official in the manner of performing other acts, there is nothing which it is the duty of office-bearers to do -that it is not the duty of non- official members to do, so far as it may be practicable for them todo it. It is the dnty of office-bearers to proclaim and apply the troth, this iB their great duty ; but it is the duty of non official members also to proclaim and apply it as they may be able, end may have opportunity. And even what non- official members cannot ao themselves it is their duty to do by the agency of proper office-bearers, using all legitimate means to procure this agency and doing their utmost to maintain it It devolves upon all the members of the Church to see to it that the Church's work is done, and to contribute in their respective places, and according to their respective means and opportunities, to the doing of it Office-bearers, however, are under peculiar obligations. Certain duties, as regards the performance of them, though not as regards the making of provision for performing them, are committed to them exclusively ; and, as regards the duties, or at least some of the duties, that devolve ou them and on non-official members in common, they alone are authorised and commissioned to perfurm them as the organs of the Church. And while they thus occupy the highest and most distinctive province of the Church s activity, the performance by the non-official members of tbeir respective duties, and the fitness of the Church in respect of charac ter ond effort to serve the great purposes of its existence, greatly depend on their zeal and faithfulness. The officc-bearera of the Church have their appointment from Christ, and, as such office-bearers, they are subject to his exclusive authority. The words before us were ad dressed by Christ to 'the Apostles whom he had chosen; ' and, though he does not now choose and appoint office bearers by his own direct personal agency as he chose, and though he does not now choose and appoint office-bearers by his own direct personal agency as he chose and appointed tfiem, he Btill no lesB really, as administering the covenant of grace, chooses and appoints all duly authorised office bearers. And, as the office- bearers of the Church have their appointment and their commission from Christ, they are under law to him in the whole exercise of their office. Those whom Christ calls to office in his Church he qualifies for its duties, and he does so not only in the more ordinary administration of Providence, but also and further hy the supernatural agency of the Spirit, visiting them with the washing of regeneration and renewing of the Holy Ghost, and imparting to them suitable spiritual gifts for their respective sphcrc-e of labour and departments of use fulness mi ine memDers 01 ma c.nurcn ana, in a very special manner, its office- bearers, by whose agency it is that to a great extent it performs its functions as an organised body, Christ has constituted ' witnesses ' unto him. To all of them he says, as he said to the Apostles, ' Te are witnesses unto me ? unto the uttermost part of the earth,' The whole of the Church's work, viewed under one of its aspects, con sists in bearing testimony, full and faithful testimony, for Christ ; the testimony which it is thus the Church's duty te bear for Christ in all its utterances, and in its whole character and history, but especially by the agency of its office-bearers, respects his person, his offices, his execution of them, and the benefits which he has pro cured and dispensed. And, that this department of its - testimony may be intelligible end regarded, it muBt bear a clear and earnest testimony with respect to man's natural state, and his great and urgent need of the salvation re vealed and offered in the GoBpeL The testimony with which the Church is entrusted respects further Christ's claims, snd the homage to which he is entitled, as both Head of the Church end as Prince of the kings of the earth. The homage which he claims, and to which he is entitled as Head of the Church, includes exclusive obedience to him, and undeviating adherence to his arrangem eats and instructions, in all that pertains to the con stitution and government of his Church, and the dispensa tion and maintenance of its ordinances ; and the homage which he claims, and to which he is entitled as the Prince of the kings of the earth, includes obedience to him ou the part of civil communities and their rulers, and the promo tion hy them of his cause in every way competent to them, as by giving civil sanction to the truth, and by the applica tion of the public funds. Voluntaryism, denying as it does that it is the duty of civil rulers, or of civil communi ties as Buch, to promote the cause of Christ; under any circumstances, in either of the waye specified, is so far, and therefore to a grievous extent, a rejection of the claims of Christ ; and Erastianism, conceding as it does to civil rulers a right of authoritative interference with the internal administration of the affairs of the Chnrch, which the Church has not conferred on them, and denying as it also does, that Christ; by requiring that the internal administration of the affairs of the Church shall be conducted by its own office bearers alone in accordance with the laws which he has given to it, has forbidden the exercise of such interference by civil rulers, and submission to it on the part of the Church, is so far in another direction, and also to a grievous extent a rejection of the rl.im» of Christ. But a compromise, to the effect that tire Saviour's claims, so far as Voluntaryism and Erastianism involve a rejection ef them, shell not be asserted or denied ; that no testimony shall be borne with respect to them — and it is by such a compromise that the Unions effected in these colonies have been reached— is not only a more extended, but, at the same time, a more treacherous, because a concerted rejection of hiB claims ; it is a deliber ate rejection of thOU for a consideration and a purpose. Unionists are accustomed to contend that it is not neces sary in this part of the world to bear the testimony which hae been thus suppressed ; that is, that it is not necessary in this part of the world to bear a full testimony to Christ's headship. This testimony they would have us regard as a mere Scottish testimony. No testimony, however, is less capable of territorial limitation. Christ s headship lieB at the foundation of the Church's existence, and is the source of its efficiency. It is, therefore, not only incumbent on the Church but also necessary for it, at all times, and in all places and circumstances, to assign and faithfully preserve to the doctrine of the headship its proper place and prominence. A Church that dislodges this doctrine from its testimony, and puts it under a bushel, cannot warrantly ? expect that Christ, in the exercise of this headship, will honour and help it. His dealings with it will be far more likely to verify the declaration — ' If we deny him, He also will deny us.' 2nd Tim., ii. 12. At the close of this address, the Moderator — who had in the meantime arrived — constituted the Synod. The follow ing members were in attendance : — Allan M'Intyre (Moderator), William M'Intyre, James M'Culloch, Colin R. Greig, William 6. Donald, Duncan M'Innes, ministers ; and Peter Stewart, Saihuel Porter, and Malcolm GiUes, elders. The roll having been made up, the Rev. William S. Donald was unanimously chosen Moderator ; and, routine arrangements for conducting the business of the Court having been made, the Synod adjourned. On Wednesday, the Synod met at 10 o'clock, and was constituted, when the Rev. W. M'Intyre, as Convener of the Committee on Mr. John A. Stuarf s'studies, gave in the following report : — ' Daring the past twelve months Mr. Stnart prosecuted his studies with great assiduity, and made satisfactory progress. During the earlier part of the year he studied logic, using ' Whately's Logic ' bb a text book, and moral philosophy, using Wayland's 'Moral Science' aa a text-book; and, during the latter part of it, Greek and Church History. During the whole period he studied systematic and polemical theology, the text-book used being ' Hodge's Outlines.' He also wrote and submitted for ex amination a considerable number of discourses on texts given to him.' Mr. M'Intyre, in conclusion, recommended that Mr. Stuart should be taken on fyials for license. This report was adopted, and it was unanimously resolved that Mr. Stuart's trials, of which e sermon on Eohesians ii., 8, and a lecture on John xv., 1-8, which he had been directed to prepare, should forma iart, should be proceeded with in the evening. The Rev. W. M'Intyre gave in the follow ing report on behalf of the committee on procuring ministers and on Church extension: — 'The committee fears that the expectation of a supply of labourers from Scotland, which, as stated in former reports, it was led to entertain, must for the present be abandoned. If, however, the Union now contemplated shall be formed in Scotland, a large portion of the Free Church will unquestionably refuse to enter into it, and forming then the Free Church, restored to its pristine character, will unquestionably deal with this Church far otherwise than the Free Church now deals with it. But we must not be diverted bv this prospect or hy any other from distinctly and practically recognising that no Church that does not train its own ministers can be satisfactorily supplied with labourers. Though our expectation of a supply from Scotland has been disappointed, we hare cause to be thankful for a valuable accession to our number of labourers in course of the past year, A minister, who laboured for years with great acceptance as a minister of the Free Church in Scotland, formally connected himself with our Church in course of the past year, after calm and mature consideration. The committee refers to your esteemed Moderator, the Rev. 'William S. Donald. A considerable time ago Mr. John M'Leod, a student of theology in connection with the Union Church in Victoria, feeling that his objections to the position of tbat Church would cot permit him to labour in connec tion with it, expressed a desire to be received as a student by this Church. The convener of the committee, having satisfied himself that Mr. M'Leod was a promising Btudent, encouraged him to come to Sydney to prosecute his studies, This he accordingly did, and, from the time of his arrival, studied along with Mr. Stuart with great diligence ana with satisfactory results. Another promising young man, who has made considerable progress in preparatory studies, has offered himself as a student.' The Synod adopted this report, end resolved to take Mr. M'Leod on trials for license. The attention of the Synod having been directed anew to the difficulty encountered by congregations in procuring sites from the Government, a committee was appointed to procure for this Church a recognition of its rights by the Government. In the evening Mr. Stuart was taken on trials, end ex am ined in Greek, theology, and Chnrch history ; and after engaging in prayer, read a sermon on the text formerly specified— Epheeians, ii. 8. The Synod then engaged in devotional exercises, conducted by the Moderator and the Rev. Allan M'Intyre. . i The Synod met on Thursday forenoon, when Mr. M'Leod was taken on trials, snd underwent an examination similar to that already describcK as undergone by Mr. Stuart. In the evening the Synod resumed the trials of Mr. Stuart and Mr. M'Leod, when the former read a popular lecture on John xv. 1-8, and the latter a sermon on Ephesians ii. 10, and a lecture on John six. 1-7. On Friday forenoon the Synod resumed the trials of Mr. Stuart and Mr. M'Leod, and examined them ou Inspira tion. The Synod then, taking a conjunct view of their trials, regarded them as satislactoiy, and resolved to license Mr. Stuart and Mr. M'Leod at a future diet. A committee to correspond with sister Churches was appointed. In the evening, Mr. Stuart and Mr. M'Leod, having satisfactorily answered the questions put to probationers, and having signed the formula. Were licensed to preach the Gospel and to exercise tbeir gifts as probationers for the Holy Ministry, and were addressed in appropriate and impressive terms by the Moderator. On the suggestion of the Treasurer, the Synod directed deacons' courts and committees of management to make full and detailed returns to the Treasurer on or before the 30th April end the 31st October, each year, of all the moneys collected for religiouB or charitable purposes, whether expended under the direction of the Synod or that of deacons' courts or committees. Ou Monday, a committee, consisting of the Moderator, Mr. Greig, Mr. W. M'Intyre, and Mr. M'Culloch, Mr. Greig, convener, was appointed to make any further arrangements that may appear desirable with respect to the studies and the examination of candidates for the ministry. In the evening, the Treasurer read the financial report, which was unanimously adopted. The cordial than Ira of the Synod were then conveyed to Mr. Buyers for the zeal and ability with which he discharges the duties of general Treasurer of this Church. The Synod appointed the following collections to be made during the ensuing year, viz. :— A collection For the Church extension scheme, in January ; For the New Hebrides Mission, in March ; For the Church extension scheme, in June; and For the Synod Fund, in September. Mr. M'Millan's case, which had been repeatedly post poned in the hope that, especially as he was in town, he would appear to answer for himself, was now resumed, when, alter deliberation, it was unanimously resolved tbat tbc Synod, finding tbat the inferior Court has called upon Mr. M'Millan to substantiate the charges made by him againEt an office-bearer of this Church, that he has hitherto failed either to substantiate or retract them ; that, so far as appears, he has no intention of doing either, and that the charges made by him must, therefore, be regarded as wholly unfounded, unanimously rerolved that he shonld be suspended from the office of the eldership and from Church privileges, ond he was suspended accordingly. The Mode rator was instructed to communicate this deliverance to Mr. M'Millan, and to point out to him his duty in the circumstances. On Tuesday forenoon the Synod authorised Mr. M'Innes to associate with himself such elders in his congregation as are available, as oxt interim session, to enable him to dis pense the Lord's Supper, and the Synod further authorised this interim session to perform all the duties of a session till a permanent session shall be formed. The Synod then sanctioned certain preaching stations, which it authorised presbyteries to erect into charges, if they saw cause. The Synod also disposed of the question of supplies. At this and other meetings various items of routine business were transacted, which we do not deem necessary to report. The Synod adjourned, to meet in the same place on the first 'Wednesday of November, 1869, at 7 o'clock p.m. Ahetbact of Fores fob Teas endkd 81st October, 1869. ota © © i— ' o o o © o eo' o o § ' 3 ©OOOOCTOO ? GO 00 CO © © O C3 III © © : o : © © : : : : : ^ (K u B SO . . . ? IS# S & 3 s g. P ? J* S (I © O G « fe.ee ; ; ? ; ges fc-P JS fis 9 ' ~ - 2 £ PQ ^ ........ 2a :: o -e : . -s fe z z : eft g |3 S OCOG «Tc*OGO O '1*00 °^n2S2°2°2 : °o © £ ill? » S S g;O.S SjjjJ : © us © 2 : e e : « i i a p S £5 o co eo ks ao cj £ y© ®wasto 55 « g ? ! M £ M I I I I M i j M i I i I II II I 1 s I : I j 1 I I j ) j ! 3 S ; g si ? £ ??? i a t £ '? * § ' * ! ' S IS S * ! S § 1 | 5 I | 6 1 c *S B ^ B £ g J t 3 g c | i « s g k £ g « to pa S -ti S « ,2 £ tt to o 