SATURDAY, APRIL 4, 1808. Xva~rnBOYr is ,sick of the present crisina with .the exception of the characters who tarkethe legqdingparts.in the great poli ticnl drama ; and yet, it would be impos. aible to' say at what remote period it will be brought to a satifnaetory termina. tion. -:Our senators seem resolved on nil:sides to . main firm to their prin? ciyles.' Come what comes, no matter how disut|,rous the consequences, each mout have his way ; and yet each seems to believe he is fighting a battle for and on behalf of the people. True patriotism, we are told, inspires all our'legislatdia, and the motto Duke. eat pro patria mori has been no long used nuder false pretensea that the reverse would seem more applicable to the leading Ilolitlcal men of the day. They. aee eaidently more inclined- to make the country die fbr them than they are to die for the country. Some parents are 'no cnreful that their children should not aulebr from over indulgence that they deprive them of necessary sustenance and actually starre them to death.' Such is the parental earo which our politiclans exerciso over the people for whose wel. fare they are supposed to legislate. The Treasury has become surcharged with an accumulating revenue, but all egrossnia stopped, and our representatives Atand at tihe door, showing their great zeal for. their conatitucnts by. forbidding thi ex. penoidore - of a". vl itagr . fuitluag-- of. the- pitlfc money antil thrii- pr?.?i -atl \- diferences have beek settled; anid yet ly they turn round in a-- tone of bhitter mockery, and. inlorm." a hailf-starving population that allithiis wranglinx and th conti'siot is for tltii good. Surldy the 3, people ought by this time to. think r,. difercutly; they have submilttd their backs to the lash long enough, their patience has bee.n overtaxed, odt they Y should now gladly giro theiir support to any independevt trmembers of Parliament who would consent to Ilty aside all personal feeling and prejudice, atd man Sfully take in hiand the reins oflGocerrunent, and use their best endeavours to get the annual supplies passed. When the it Govermentt of the colony tries to aid a k general depresison, there is little on e couragement given to the publicjournalist to advocate local requirements, it would be useless to refer day after day to the state of oar roads, to the walt of plublic accommodation, iad to nulnerous . ot-her' grievances. which are felt to a tf greater or less degree in every district in I, the colony, when the constant reply to t,. numerous complllints tmade to the heatds of departments is, that " there Sare no. funds available." VWe have been Soht.vrunat?ut-~ Umriittalurals for Govern 9 Gippaland for deep alltrral lends of geold, twe hare pressed our claims ftr ta liberal t share of the proposed railway loan, and we have shown. thosw. smnall- a portion of that £10,000, which was voted for the Improvenment of-our roads, has been ex y ended in the district ; but our complaints t, tave been so intelbetunl, in the fiteo of continuous eind hnrrnasing dead-lock,that, . for, the thime being, we have aban donied all hope of obtaining say na?istannro from, the. government. Tie inaltbitnnts of the district htavqe no longer any filth in memorials, and' hare deter mntnaOd fo assist themselves. At lenat they have recolve:lto use their personal I; exettions to.develope a country in. which thei researches of the" prospector havo a hnldly ever provedt fruitles.. With this fi objet; a p Ospecting.association has been established tin R.oaiale, 'and- we trust the Sgentlemen Iwho have organised it. ntid who. intend to contribute towards its Sanpport,." will; l be- re~tarded: with that'' stucesset .which ýteliy'" deserve. Th i hihabitants of- lthe Crooked River and Straitfod'itipc als?n?i-contbid ,tii make aliocter rftdbhetiootn tthoth twat lindcs. 0 Prelihtiaiay mtseetilngshaver already beeo o held,.ti- a libscription list. ropened,' and autfllietst Cundsa collected tb d.anaat- thei comtmitthi, to .conuaence tlhe Work. A: curso ry glaine at the map of Gippsland awill ahew that the present road to Grant mrakesl. a regular detour, running in a semicirrle byl'- the Stockyard Creek, Inuani'Croeek,i Davy's nob and Cobhan nih Creek, nad- Ihence through a. very rough iountryinto the Dargo river. At k, t ihe time ttisroad wAs marked out, the pioneers 'of thbo forest deserved" - great a, credit for their :exertions ; the country c, wan unprospertedaanid very little known. and it wits a work of greet diflleulty 'to opeo a line of trithlp,, to what was at that time abnsidered .thloetinote region of the Crookediltiver. - ut ns population alts 'intrerased' and settlOemelnt suceceded the researlhes for gthil, it-lhns lieenliie mali. fest tliat a tduchahlorter road conli be mande arailablte nth eoqtparatively littlecxpense. One dnay' ji4rney'.would,: at least,- be saved, and-.thaliut.,t.cIi ,-looked at as a a tmatter of htisnet.ais a.-eouIsideration, not Sp'eaos, nearerl to one-ano-ntier esisti th a- progresam oftio'colbony, ait iltsshtinrttening d, of ditandets tuiist-.be-an udvantage too the iY miners,bly''ciuinga'reduction in the price :oftprovisiona.atlfllhimplementanecessory :for carrying on. their avocation.- We are snot aware, whoKrohave heed sadlected for 'emarkiug -out the'naew'liue, -but we pro, C sumo "thit, tlhe goutlrUmenu who have ast Sabout ,the work -hate studied'the dill-, aIs otlties-to.be'encooutered, and know hiow a. to-'aoid the- rugh parts of the rantjeas j The new track woulh proltably rui first t.- along the eantorn bank'of the Avon, keep a ing the high' lind, and thence crossing ! the head of Valencin Creek. It may then wind roand Caasletop, and into the Wanuangatta River,. from which in "tnumerable tracks are already cut to Grntantand the Crooked River. There is one advantngb it this proposed lino which cannot - be over.estimated'. It would. h traverse a country of an aeknowledged auriferous formaitidri,as thr as tileoutlines are ,known, and as it has not yet been prospected 'itt is --iot imiprobable that some rich' disc'overies may follow tho. labours of the . bslithmen.. A nearer apprOach:will- lhu.: bi iuadei to the valley el.thile Mobrdkalct'ivor;, which is supposed to contain other' fhinernls beside gold, and'wheh tihe journey to this part of our mountains lins been reduced to a matter of two days journey from the principle, settled towns in Le district. we may, reasonibly expect that an additional im.-, petua will he given: to prospeteling in the neighhourhood of thtklheads of the Avon, the Perry, and the 'Mocokla Rlivers. and a Valencia Creek, where,despite the'gloomy . forebodings of sorte of -.our "profe-s sional geulogists, we'have no hesitatibon in predicting that .rihli mineral die. coveries will yet be nmade. Of course, any track eat by local kupport could only le available for packlhalrkes, but when t finished, and it. was foutndto annwer the prposer s for wrhichtrit'it as marked out, application coltl be made to Government to have a good dray tand cleared. "By that time the Treaturytonghti to be'un I locked, and: as mnatiyf l our proiised I grants wnill have laps? i our application i for assistance for so ileeirable a work should be at once coantldd by the Go. verantent. . 'A re-visiott court will. a hld at Oumeo on th.1i8th instant. A rather singular accident .happened on . the lacecoure on Tlursl iy. Galatea and Scrubber, whan running fdr the ltaiden Plate, "cannoted," aid .th la htter was upset, throwing her ridt,Gibbtl a, violently, and injuring him saverely,, Oalatea ecatped unhirt. Mr and Mrs David Fyffe narrowly escaped another "spill" on the racecourse on Thursday. A horse, ridden by a boy named McLennan, became unmanagable, and began playing up at the side of a conveyance in which they were seated, and brought matters to a climax by throwing his rider and rear ing upon the trap. Probably the animal understood that he was not welcome, for he lost no time in making tracks. The following golh-lminigg leases havea beei forwarlded to the reallective wardena' it oltcet for oexecution :- -ilpplatd district- Mitchell tiver dirision.-No. 23, dated 5th ytarch, 188 8; W. Walker, W. McLachlan, and J. Russell; 18a Ir lp; £18 Oi hi,. Stringer's Creek division;--No. 27, dated 27th February, 1|88; 15 3ea t W. Dolan and W. Carey; 1440r llp%,ltL hI 6il. .: ·-A-?ngahr-l-henomon on-th Otpa.ela?d Splains, althonugh not an. unusual sight Samong our high mouontaine,. was visible in the ,!e.ghbourhood 'of Sale. at a iqutrter to eight o'clock on. Thursday night. Smart equinoxial ashowers were passing at the time, c and whilst the moon shown out brightly in r the north, her rays were reflected upon a dark mass of cloud in the southern horizon producing a beautiful lunar rainlow. The. t phenorocnn was distinct:y visible for up wards of fire minutes, and. surprised manny of our townspeople who had never seen an appearance of the kind before. The mining manager of the Happy-go Lucky Company (registered), under date 28th March, reports that the contractors for driving of a lower tunnel 400 feet, commnenced work on t~e 12th inst. Progress to date, 45 feet. Of the upper workings, operations were conmmenced on the 13th inst., after a good deal of preparatory work in the erection of shute, tramnways, &c.; Goo prospects were obtained, but unfofrtunately for want of ventilation, the works were suspended on the 18th inst. An air shaft was commenced on the 19th inst. Progress to date, 30 feet ; 35 feet remains to be sunk. Mr. Foster, P.M., presided at the Police Court on Tuesday. There were no cases entered upon the sheet for adjudication. Temporary licenses to retail liquors on the Greenwattle race course on the occasion of the races on Thursday and Friday were issued to Mr. George French, Mr James Mark Bryant, and Mr Thomas Ward (Maffra). A carpenter named Perry met with rather a peculiar accident, on Tuesday. He was building a house adjacent to Wilcox's brewery, when one of the ceiling rafters fell upon him, striking his head, inflicting a serious scalp wound, but fortunately, not occasioning a fracture of the bone. Perry was for some short time insensible from the effects of the blow. An accident occurred on Friday morning to one of the workmen, employed on the North Gippsland Company's claim, Walhalla; his name is John Opie. It appars that he was engaged, With other men, in arranging some timber about the pump, a portion of which timber is said to have slipped, and struck Opie on the left arm, also inflicting a scalp wound. Dr. Boone was speedily in attendance, and rendered all necessary assist ance. The wounds are not dangerous. The doctor reports that the patient is doing well; The Longfellows' Quartz-mining Company (Registered), Walhalla, crushed 87 tons: o stone. The yieli of ltir' gold is nearly 2o. S10 tdwk per too, The isean of the Colosfal Monfhlyofor April is to hand. -The work contains a further instalment of the "leading story, " Long Odds." The interest of the produotton is well maintained, and the style is very superior. " My jtory" is.. beoling painfully pro.. tracted and exoeedingly sensational. "'Peggy's Christening" is an anusing amd piquanutly penned trifle.l A StonetSafa" is the title of a.t;ar ttiveo o a murlur committed. during the.enrlien days"bL thoe, gold-fields ky a seon. ti'mnnlallady)l nd which was brought to t lighty Iy'cod?idaation of the moat irriconn. a inibii attYahlhtannase I' TShig iat.lolor. . " ance"':isTrithlerftiti nrticle wtritteu in do. fa oul of rittaliel. -. The all-absorbing topic, le Fenianisnm' has oal? boeen made the sub. ' jet of a briif , ut lacid effusion." An'pther Sarticle termed"` Elector and Representatie..e' affords a "very disliuct explanation of liare's system, and pointaout the benefits accruilng I fromit. Tho magaziiio concludes with an admirable anecdotal sketch of the life of the late Oharles Kean, of histrionic fame. As a i wholie the Colonfal .lfonthfl.is a very credit. able production, and as the tone of the articles betray judgmeont and discrimination on the part of theu editor, it deserves sup. a port. On two. or throee occasions we have coin. plained of the postal arrangements between -Bairnsdale and Now South Vales, via . ludkley'e Crossing. The Arfancro .Mercury also calls attention to the subject, and points out a few oFthe. most glaring irregularities. I That journal says :- " We will turn to the Timeotable, more particularly that which rel tee to. Buckley's and Kiandra. The mail for Buckley's Crossing PI.ce travels, first, to I Coolringdon, a short ten miles; thence to Gegedzeriek, nie miles; thence to Woolway, r five miles; and, finally, to Buckley's, eight miles;-in all, thirty-two miles. The mail n leaves Cooma on Wednesday,. at 9 a.n., and reaches luttklefs according to one ofiiclak statement at 5..p.m., and according to another at 8' p.m.': By ,one account the mail travels. the thirty.two miles in eight hours, by the other in eleven hours. The return mail leaves Buckley's on Thurisday, at 4 a.m., ahd reaches Cooma at 1 a.m., thereby occupying' nine hourn in returning. The ordinary rate of travelling on horsosbek in .the bush is six miles per hour.. 'We should like to know, then; why the mail should be allowed to crawl along at little better than• three miles per hour! The consequence of this rate of progression isasimply that every. body by whom the Post Office at Buckley's is used or frequented in deprived of all power of reply until after the expiration of a full week. Very likely, one or two persons, on t'4is aide of Buckley's may find the present arrangeument very agreeable; bit as we are bound to advocate the general benefit of the whole Community, we must say this present plan is most objectionable and injurious to the interests of the maer ity, and, therefore, oight to be ameinded." . , .A meeting has been held in the Manero diftrict for the purpose of ruisinj subhescrip.. tions aseist in defraying the expense con sequen in forwarding a cargo of preserved meat to England under Murt's freezing pro. cesa. . A meeting of East Collingwood peopla, ws heold on Monday night at East C?olling. wood, on the subject of the presezi crisis. ii The meeting was a noishy one, .but the c resolutions were all carried hy'large majori. , ties ; the aInst-was , lady's postcript--. i contaiininig the gistof thewholematterand was as on dfoubt highly satisfatory to the M.L.A.'s n present,. uit plledged the people in the t ecent of a goferiral election taking place with- t. in the inext twelve mouiths to returln their k members free of expense. 'One naun. was h pulled from the tlsblo and hal his coat Btorn to i pieces by the eroiS.. .. Tliero. being po quorum of Buroagh di Conncillors presenit at 8 o'cloek on Thursday j in night, the uiedtingards adjourned until Men. ac day next, at thli u'oual hour.' , . . . . . . gi A little boy named Watson was run over accidentally by a horseman on the Green wattle course on Thursday, and had his chest severely injured. An accident happened tor a young lad. named Cunningham, a light-weight jockey, in the employ of Mr William Pearson, on a Thursday, at th. racecourse. lie wao riding the 2-year old Speculation, for the Squatters' ePurse, when, the filly bolted, and '" propped" at the fence, precipitating him over her head y upon the rails. lie suffered a severe scalp iwound and a sprained arm, in addition to .sundry minor injuries. But one arrest was made by the police on the racecourse during yesterday evening. This .r ,as of an individual who, in being brought it before the stewards for furiously riding on 5 the course during a race yesterday, behaved in an indecent manner, and refuseod to. pay the fine inflicted. A man named Hall indulged in a trial of the jumping powers of his steed on the racecourse on Thursday, just prior to the commencement of the races, when on putting him to one of the hurdles, the obtuse minded; animal refused to rise an inch, but breasting [??? ??? ??? ???] his fool- hardy rider flying over his head, fracturing his collar bone. Hall was promptly removed to Sale for surgical treatment. Two miners were charged at the Grant Police Court last week with stealing gold from the mine of the Good Hope Company whilst employed in taking out quartz. They had been employed in the richest part of the mine, and, on leaving, sold gold on their way over to Stringer's Creek. The gold thus dis posed of was sworn not to be alluvial, was like the Good Hope Company's gold, and was in a very rough state, but there was not suffi cient evidence to bring, the charge home to the prisoners, and, consequently, they were liberated. Messrs Alexander, Brothers, have re turned from a very successful tour round Stratford and Bairnedale, at which places they exhibited their panoramic views to appreciative audiences. The children of both the day school and Sunday school at Strat ford were admitted on account of their teachers, Messrs Pepper and Hogg, to the mid-day entertainment, and seemed delighted with the views. Messrs Alexander, Brothers, will next visit Walhalla and Toongabbi, and on their return to Sale intend to exhibit that optical illusion, " the ghost.'" When people have one grievance redressed, they generally feel another more severely. The inhabitants on the Lower Dargo where a little township has been in existence for some years, supported by settlers who have taken up land under thc.42n1 clauso of the land act, clamoured a long time for a post office, and at last the Government conceded their request. Now they think they are entitled to a court of petty sessions, and point out the injustice to whichr they are compelled to submit in travelling for every petty case, backwards and forwards, to and from Grant, when the police magistrate on his way to the Crooked River for the pur pose of holding a monthly court, must pass through their own township. They pro sume it would be little inconvenience for the p. olice magistrato to hold a court on the Lower Dargo during his monthly visit. ' e ae likely soon to have ainther change r among our wardens. -it: appears that IMr SGaunt leaves in a few weeks, andl that Ihe ° sillbe roplaced hty MIr. Akehurst, from g Kilmore. We believe MIr Gaunt will be re i moved at, his own request, as .boing for a e long time accustomed to a settled district, without having a wide circuit to travel ovet,, he does 5nt seem reconciled to riding over 0 the ranges of Gippsland. We are not awanro that any changes will be made in the northern district on the arrival of another warden, but some alterations would hti very benelicial to the inhabitants in the mountaine, who have occasion at times to appear before the warden. No court has yet been held on the Upper Dargo, and the majority of caseo which lave latterly been Iheard at the War. den's Court at Grant originated in that 'dis triet. Interested parties had thus to travel a distance of about forty miles each way, and often found on their arrival at the Crooked River that Ohe warden was not in attendance. This was specially the case for. some time after the removal of Mr Butler to Beechworth. Or, if the warden happened to be present 1 they had the mortificatiosi to findt that their cases were adjotu.ned on some technical point We think it would be unfair to impose on a warden residing at Sale the duty of making periodical journeys to the Upper Dargo, a distance of more than 120 miles. Bat the dittliculty might be easily met otherwise. The warden at Bright has a very limited. district , to visit 1 between Harrietville and Louisville there is only one pretty steep' mountain to climb, and the ilistanco is only about twenty miles. The warden could, thus visit the Upper Dargo once a month, or once hlnsi .weeks without putting himself te anygreat inconvenience. The requirements of the people of Grant and the Crooked River dis. trict generally could be met in a legal point of view by the appointment of an additional justice of the peace. Litigation is noton the inerease in that district. The cases brought on for adljudicatipn are generally confined to small debts, trifling assaults, and a few in stances of over-indulgence and consequent dis. olrderly conduct. With two local magistrates, such eases could be easily disposed of and the absence of a police magistrate would not be so severely felt. The wardee might not during the winter season be required to visit the plaeoe so often. The greatest want which is espetrieneed on the Upper Dargo is that of a police elation, them being no police officer stationedo at a sesresr distance t than about 40 miles. We nnderstand that Sub.ls~spetor Palmer visited the district a short tinme ago for the purpose of reporting if it would be advisable to hare a police camp established on the Dargo River,but we are not aware what was the result of his inepection, except that the inhabitants are till without polices protection.. This in conveniences extends to Grant ;for when any thing occurs on the Upper Dargo requiring the interference of the police, a trooper has to be despatched from Grant, and as there happens to be only one mounted policeman and the lock-up keeper at the latter town- N ship, whets the trooper is called away oi of duty and there happens to be any prisoners a T in charge, the inhabitants of Grant are actually without police assistance. The greatest evil which arises from the absence of a police station on the Upper Dargo is the shelter which is afforded to cattle stealers and others, who, when chased from the more settled parts of the district, can hide in security in this secluded part of the moun tains. Many depredations have also oc curred lately in the Dargo, which might not have happened had there been Government protection at hand. Even murdrer is not an uncommon thing among these mountains; and storekeepers have had their premises forcibly entered by night, on more than one occasion, and certain stimulants carried away; and yet the injured parties have been so much intimidated by the aggressors that they refrained, from reporting the circumstance lest a worse thing might happen, to them. This is a state of society which ought to be altered. In the Insolvent Court on Monday in re Edwin Bond; a butcher at Walhalla, a third meeting was held and closed. The insolvent was not in attendance, bhut the CfficiaL *o Aesignee reported that the landed property g was of no value, and the horses supposed to. d belong, to. the. estate were lost in the bush. The debts had been placed in the hands of. Mr. Shaw's agent, lut at present the *g ..si,,. ,scold not say whether any more had i bon...Nl..a..a, A meeting of Government supporters, which had becn duly convened, was held on Tuesday in the Parliament buildings. There, were between forty andr fifty members of the y Legislative Assembly present, the chair Y being filled by Mr M'Culloch, the Chief Secretary. The principal spokesmen on the y occasion were Mr lliginhtliham (the Attorney General), and Mr Dyte, Mi.L.A.for Ballarat East. Questions were asked if the members of the Ministry were all unanimous as to the course of policy which they ought to have pursued, as a good deal of discussion had taken place in the country on the subject. Mr Iligiubotham, on behalf of the Ministry generally, said that they were all unanimous in following tile one course-that of resigna Lion. Some discussion then took place as to ° the propriety of attempting to resist an ad. journmuent, with the view of the IHouse meet ing from day to day ; but it was finally do. trtermined to allow matters to take their course. for the present, so that his Excellency the Governor might have cvery opportunity of obtaining a Ministry from the middle seac tion of the HIouse. The meeting accordiugly broke up without trausacting nuy sat?tantial business. d In tihe Legislative Council on Tuesday, the President took the chair at. two o'clock. Captain Cole read aceontunnication addressed ,r by His Excellency the GCoverlnor to the Chief e cretary, stating that M lrRibtellwat still a engaged in forming a snio Adniinistratitu, t and that therefore Parliament would, not ha f,,rmally opened until the 7th instant. The Connu il accordingly separated to meet again. oi 0 that day. II the Logisl tire Atssemhly Yo! Tuesdlay, the Speaker took the chair at. tw, it'clock. Mr Hliginhlthamt made a siuilar d statement tC that malde by CJaptain Cile in .the tinuceil, antd the House aljitirure, us.til r TuIediay oext, at two o'clock. A correspondent writing from the Crooked River enquires if the Gippsland herring or grayling are as common in the Thomson and other rivers in this district as they are inthe Mitchell. He recommends the followers of Izaak Walton, who are fuonl.oft gaonl day's. spolrt, to speind at this aonson of the. year a. short time iot the ihaks of the Mitchell, an ihe assures t'tcmt that they will soeure enouihl fish to last ternm for a month. It appears, that the herring make their way into the. lakes from the sea, and thence ap the rivers to the very hteads of their various tri butaries, a.bout the month of September, but they are-not noticed so mutch on, their way, nupwards as they are on their passage dawn wards to the sea. Itis evidelont thatthey o ascend the rivers gradually, atnd by no meanse: in so dense shoals as on their retreat from the mountains. As soon as the first front on the ranges is visibe,, they commencee their journey towards the ocean, andt descend, is such numbers that any one prepared to in. terrupt theirdescent can capture them by the. hundred weight. The inhabitants of the, Crooked River, near the Pioneer reef, about three years ago, were rather surprised to see hundreds of what they considered young snakes jumping about on the ground in the vicinity of the machine. A large race had been cut from the Wongongarra river to the machine, and, as the water was low at the time, the stream was diverted front its usual course. There haplpened to be a portion of the race broken down, and so a quantity, of water escaped. The herring were naturally carried with the race, and those which were borne over the breach soon found themselves on dry land. The wondering miners soon ascertained that, instead of serpents, the range visitors were very palatable fish, differing very little from the herring of the Northern Hemisphere. Preparations were at once made for a haul, and in less than twenty four hours the Pioneer Company alone cap- tured and preserved nine hundred weight of the fish. They average from four ounces to half a pound ; are easily caught bay the fly,. and are just now prooeeding down the Mitchell in large numbers. We apprehend they are not confined to one river in Gipps land. Mr Otto Berliner has found another striking proof of the genuineuess of the claimant for the Tiohibourn baronetcy. Colonel Smith. of the Rtoyal Artillery, now stationed in Melbourne, hati identifed, a photograph of the person what claimns to ib Sir Roger Tichbourn, as that of Cortnaet Raoger Tichboern, of the A troop of Royal Artillery, known as the chlenut troop. The portrait was taken at W?agga Wagga, whenma the claimant was in kin hosh dres. It weea sobmitted to Colonel Smith with twenty. four others, and was immediately pikedt out by him, Colonel Smith having been (about 1152 or 1853) alieutenant in the troop referread to. This seems very strong testimony ? to thle boesa lfie of the Anstraliha claimat. - Thewe were no tees thtan a huraire, and fiflty-fourpetitionis fltd on Tuelsday~a lnst ' thile Govarhment (nonmiually , tbhe Queen), for arrears of'salaries due to persons engage4 in tbhe Civil service.. The news of the attempt to asesassinte the Duke of Edinhllrgh hal only teaobhed New Zealand on 24th March, asnd I feesnhg aof the deepest s.rror had hobeen exhibited. The posibility of the Duke returning to England without visiting the colonies of the htw Zealand group was regardetl with e* " renie regret.. A Wellington teliegracu &4 the Dundin Ipaper of the latest datct adds thst a shipmnater there hal done a very in-t liscret nct. It says: -" When the ;overuor left VWellington all the vessels at the wharf 1oistel llgs. Tlh schip Leiilhardt hoisteod the Irish flg --green. .withi a arlp-at the " ire. A , i f iimatio was laie agaiua t ('aptail I'l illips at the police-ofiee." iA baoirster writieg to the Jlerald makes in apparenlly jout ceonplailt nag:ilnt the ijp.intcuent of Mr Wilson Gray to the a.cnet Juitgel hip ill \Victoria. Ile says:-" I )oo!. uipo Lith appiotintent tif Mr Wilbon ;cray tre ic vacant (',ionty Cotlrt Ju dgeo hiiI as Ia litl iv , it an t an inllt t itni al, i st lt tile oIftll-r? .of t liar ill this colony loe ml ei th i,1 ,fr that Ocpintilln t, I ln tlhat Mli Wil0, e lray waes iclled tile ar Iiary T roe 1t14. o ic hadl very little actice at hioole, aedl ,i.t Iuch Iinolt henle, here he was athiitted iln IDeciamhor. 1853. o bchl . few lC ,t out ('rt briefs ocai itn-. wy. His priouciial ,eeultatit on was polities, 8: as in tlll her law lnc" I ,litics Ws hlit ecocIisful n this coiy, lre weLt to try his tUneS in ;oe Ztaloni erly ini 18l2, [ believe. Aa ts thii caiere there I know t lictln bult. think it urfair to call Sfrm tt liice, aoid place him over the d if Mr J. S. Arl-trllua, w it, has Ihe eg..hl:i sice Mr Bruwer'a death, and hdi ilne I It ihe ltieh as sulch oel crelit. ny. ! I ýivi iivn ryea Mr Graiy's ioreiei Stle h1, n:itl a to thir iT pr1fewait(al i:ll"n or e uiilll nt, I cu llil'y sayui a« M ri ,. " L'oparlolbn, Mre. rilfuro . I c plilllt oi t icll the laiw at hait . scIor otlie'l elitible lclln li haI Gray. I sutleot the ru trci i, thllat iMr aistrong wal app:intcd tii emporary Judge t leep theton Fl pei. for Mlr B13itonii. when Ie time he Colld accepl t it ; but act the tc gai' oight Ile aioilen d by comting its,' it was rather too iuch fol r Mr hnu's g,,ol tastf and temper to allow his ecssor to laive l th givilng away of a Ji Ige. SI thae broiutht the matter undelr the ic i.ration oif tihe profession, in the hope they will uark their sense, of Mr Bill SColIlellct il A litt iloaL inanner." o learn that -Mr. L. Guittarn , a veller," cployed by Mr. John l MGheeo, h iiant, Flindra-lane, was killed on Mon. afternoon, throlgh the capsizing of tlit y. The naccident occurred lbout half. between Don and Alexaindra. Ife was3. see alive' at aboiuitone o'loulk on Mo-l. wheo hie called at JoInec's Junction 1, Dotn, for thile purposa of inquiriing t tlihe roa, to which he was a stranger. lead hidy iwas cisaovereld at lalot hive k the iw iiiiivec litig, . Mr. Guittard cas le .a fw days ago. I Hlerald tthika that Mr. Riddell will iceel' in foilriig" a .Minitstry. It was sl that litI: ould hie preparedto to take inite course oUi Thurulsay, and to t ewo what stips h I hadl tako:. The v of ite gentleinlc whrlo ihve agreed to otico witli hiun lar Mrl. Maulphersotn ayles, and the Ilon. T. T. A'Bleckett bison, es well na Mr. E. Cohcen, Mr'. uSith, andl Mir. MacD),nneill, were Ie mlenltin-cl -as liiiig likeid.'to join a ininistration i) Ut we titeictotanld ihat lrtre liialo :o tlele geenltielncn hlave I a yet iboon neouepteil. Mr. Cohle lilctl to acceept, the offer. MA ryb arouglil rnig eiBardl met es Soil Friday . tio, i c i lor atateionts of r 'i o e4 ill the matter of the dii. a lectimifor. lit Amlberst, rarranguila, Lfiyh.irouglh divisions.: From til I 1.decr iwe learn what took plac:--e kiar appeoared for Messrs Bnckett and til , po'titii iers against .tho retlirn oit I. t anod G(ill, flr tile Amn erst (divi ir. Saonuciele, reresanted the interests 'rr, p atitilned igtin et by Mr Irvine, le-utioi for Tarnagiull was also ib. to. A dificlity arisicng at to the i of tioe chairnain andministering the I it was decidecd to il o the Attorniey-O?iioeral tr ilore ''] laIL1e uA'r noit arriilng as soon as l, and as timcOe was oni tile wance,. it iov.l t, " elcotcIa it," 'and tile chair. illistelred theB.bath acciirdingly to . S..CS. se diiry Icl gafal-:ine.lts were Sinto, and the exatniuation of I1 es proceeoll.with, wo he a telegram c r Iliginbotliham came to hanld convey opinion that tlit chairman had not or to adlliniste tilhe oath. The pro. 6 it, far were therefore valueless, and hal cioni rcesolvad to forward a full IA lit if thi case to tilhe Attorney. Ifr lhis opinion ndll advice, tile board cred." Thi Oipieltand Board will y ie in a sinlilar'fix at its next sitting, eans( of dil;taited electilo, pro a0up c e entertainied . 1 re n?wc a lulles Advertiser ex l?1 ,loubit as C the rolit~ility of tilhe cural returns new Ioing prepared for d i etrare.hrneral ili gives a reason a litaiicu have oea all Collectedl willU not tie very reliable; a larger of piroduce boihg hold in realit 3p oears from lhei rcturni referred to, i chitance, we lilvc,.1 a portion of this orld not anlt insigiiticant ono either, ) to this date, contrary to their in" 111, collector has askehd for or got a ty rLttrIn. If there are-as is but too a other distriots similarly neglected, ulturail etatistic will ))be unreliable ncisliad, giving less than the actial ncl haIu or yirells realised by the True, a gazetto notice, copied into iclen, rcrqnesta those farlers un- i to report the icttlter and send in a i retllrls; tbut .hotc many of them ' l the trculle Anlld yet the roturns 9 :i-Ited as Victorian Agricultural ars thlst the inconvenience of the Shas reachled even the "i common n," who, oa applying. for his fee for Icltin of Vhelan and Cunningham, ierted to "call ag?in, ' as therd were be hfunds at hand.to meost his claIm, lieworthy exampla ba? been set to i us ininlig eompanies by th We tha er i reehold Company, BDallarat. At the i cf tli cmpano1 on Tuesday, a soumn s as voted t tthe wldow andl family of 1 irnamedl Parkler, who was killed at tihe i. f,,lhlllchcg votes ;'re passedI to the i lacstitsltioa, caiely :c- Honpitl, il uuvulant a4u rpj1h.m Ayh1cins, i !??' ?i.. . . . . ?.,.. 