WALLAROO : WEDNESDAY, AUGHT ST 5. ' =- ; 1—— f-'Public meetings have recently been held at Kadina and Moonta, for the purpose of considering the desirability or otherwise of Establishing District Councils in both of the two mining townships. In each instance the result arrived at has not been of an encouraging nature to the . friends of progress, The majority at each meeting labored under the disadvantage of not being able to express themselves in the yery choicest English, and they therefore merely confined their arguments to a storm of boboos,'interlarding the same with a quantity of injurious insinuations. This is, perhaps, not much a matter of surprise or reprehension; we cannot expeetevery miner to be able to get up on a platform and make a coherent speeeh. But what was said or expressed by the dissentients was, if not wrapped up in very refined language, at least forcible aiid comprehensible enough to indicate from which quarter the wind blew. Eor the season, reformers, who would fain improve the position of the people in despite of themselves, must be satisfied to; rest on their oars. They must content themselves with an acknowledgement of the fact, that although it is possible to set bread and meat before people, it is impossible to open their mouths and make them eat. The miners, it would seem, are afraid not so much for themselves, as for the poor poverty stricken proprietors of the Wallaroo and Moonta Mines. It is on 'thfe shouideis of their employers.that the employes are afraid t&e; burdenwill press too heavily. It is for the sake of the recipients of £25 \- dividends,—of partners who divide an animal profit larger than they would like to tell, that those who dig and delve are 3^dA interests. ; What disinterestedness £ " VWhat self-abnegation! Such 'Ifeespontaneous generosity is ?' Barely 'unparalleled. Was it ever told, how that once ou a time a company af mice for mcdthemselves into a body-guard I ® S^ie cat ? Are there^ ^chronicles j extant, in which wfc may read, how that a detachment ,of kids devoted themselves to the task of "watching over the safety of their friend the wolf? Surely, when these things takie piabe, the fabled metamorphosis foretbld as likely to occur at the. Millenium, must he near at hand. Only the element of reciprocity is wanted to make the analogy a perfect.one. On the Peninsula, it is to be feared, a good deal of this self-denying liberality is found only on one side. Even the miners, in the excess of - their gratitude, will hardly accuse their masters of returning the compliment we have just been alluding to. It would be very reasonable to anticipate that wherever a colony, composed mainly of Anglo-Saxons, was to be formed, there it would be. cpnsidered one of the first duties of the people to band together for the prosecution of public wofcks, in which all have a common interest and derive equal advantages from. : Unless there was some disturbing influence, at work, sufficient patriotism might with certainty be counted upon to establish and support civic laws and sanitary regulations. In the case we have now brought before us, the question is whether an anomalous apathy may not be accounted for if we search deeply enough for its cause. For, although the miners did not put their objections into the form accustomed to be used on platforms, they were evidently afraid that the movement meant the subtraction of a portion of their earnings. They were not considering whether the object, for the attain^ inent of which measures were purposed to be taken, was, or was not, in the abstract good. The one fact was patent to them, that their earnings were small enough, and that they could not spare even a small portion. This obscured everything else. To their minds every district councillor was synonymous with a tax gatherer. The benefits proposed to be secured to them seemed remote and contingent; the evils to follow were immediate and certain. The proprietors of the mines would, they believed, find a way sooner or later of making the increased cost fall upon their workmen. Of course, we may say, these are selfish considerations; but people who have large families to maintain on limited incomes are bound to have selfish considerations. And there is no doubt the present is nearly as bad a time as could be desired for the introduction of any scheme on the Peninsula that will touch the pockets of the laboring portion of the population. The low price at which copper has lately been sold has meant smaller wages for many miners, and not any at all for others. Even though mining matters are looking a little better, many a man has yet considerable lee-way to make Up. Granting to the miners all that could have been advanced for them, if they had had able speakers to advocate their cause, there would yet appear some misapprehension amongst them as to the course proposed. Comprising as they do a majority, it would rest with them very much to return what sort of men they liked for councillors. It would be their fault if they elected representatives who went into office imbued with an idea of layinga heavy rate and then extravagantly expending it. If the times are considered to be so bad that rate-payers could only afford to pay a very light rate, they would have only themselves to thank if a^heavy one was imposed. A merely nomiual rate upon a house, which is .only of t]ie value of £10,. would be *a very trifling matter. When the Government subsidy is considered, and also the amount that would be received for various licences, it must be evident .that, for every one shilling paid by a man three additional ones would be expended in the township he lives. The advantage aman with a fainily derives feon^^^S *n a place wKereEfficient-sanitary regulations are enforced is very considerable. The iedteal practitioners, if they consulted t^e^qck^s, would oppose any sort of municipal government might and niain. Indeed, the advantage to every resident of a well drained town in which health regulations are enforced,and where the streets are well formed aii<I maintained properly, is so patent that it is almost surprisinganyonefrom motives of economy should oppose. the introduction of the only machinery whereby such a desirable state of things could be initiated. But in reality it is not economy that dictates the opposition in this and other instances now noticeable ; it is but "a spurious spirit of penurious parsimony which oft times attempts to counterfeit that virtue. - ' ■ _____ ■ _ The Houses of Parliament were to iiieet on Tuesday, August 4th, but tlie sitting was to be but a formal one. Various motions relating to routine and the conduct of business throughout the Session would be moved by the members of the G-overnment. Addresses would be moved condolatory with Lady Daly, and congratulatory to Her Majesty. Mr Puller would put a question to the Treasurer as to the recent case, Ashmeade v. Mais. Mr Watts would1 move for the production of the correspondence respecting the Northern Railway Extension, arid the report of the Committee appointed to draw up a reply to the Opening Speech would be received, when the Houses would adjourn until to-day (Wednesday). Then the business of the House would commerce. Usually , every member comes to the House with the speech which, he has been preparing during the recess, and which he expects to deliver in the debate on the Address, although his speech may be, and most likely is, utterly irrelevant to any subject mentioned in the Address, or, indeed, that is ever likely to come before Parliament. Usually a month of the Session is wasted in this fashion, but Mr Strangways has given notice of some motions that may perhaps take things out of their ordinary course. If the speakers on the Government side of the House protract their orations to an inordinate length, as they will doubtless be instructed to do, it is possible a vote of want of coulideuec may bring the debate to a summaiy close. The Speech which the Ministers had ihe.honor of composing for His Excellency to open Parliament with, is a most exhaustive one. * If Ministers ■ have failed to do their duty during the recess, it is not because they know it not. If they have foiled to prepare measures to submit to the consideration of the Legislature, it is. not because they _ were ignorant of the direction in which legislation is wanted. The Northern Territory, the Laud and Road Questions axe all touched upon, in addition to the Insolvency Bill, and other contemplated legal reforms. What is to be the Government policy on these subjects is not even so much as hinted at, either inside or outside the House; but the supposition is that the members of the Cabinet; are entirely innocent of any very strong predilections upon the different subjects that are engaging public attention. They wish to know what is the feeling of the House before they commit themselves to anything very decided.* A seaman named Bryan was brought before the Wallaroo Police Court on Saturday last, charged Tvith feloniously appropriating some articles of clothing whilst staying at a boarding-house at Newcastle, ifew South Wales. From the evir dence it appeared that the clothing had .been missed, and the Eli Whitney, the vessel in which the prisoner slapped, was searched before she left port. Immediately after setting sail Bryan appeared on deck clothed in the missing apparel which was identified by other teamen who hafi boarded with him. Upon reaching Wallaroo the captain communicated with the police, and Sergeant Besley at once proceeded on board aid effected an arrest. The prisoner who seemed to treat the matter with the utmost sang froid, and as if imprisonment was the normal state of things with him, was remanded for one monih in order to allow time for an officer from Newcastle to come and prosecutfe. We would direct attention to an insufferable nuisance occurring every evening, immediately after sunset, under the verandah of the Post and Telegraph Office. Anumberof boys and youths anake this place their rendezvous to commence a ■ series of those amusements, which are all very well at proper times and places, but are <=«mply a nuisance when indulged in proximity to a private dwelling or a public building like the Post or Telegraph-Office. Boys will be*boy«> and it is well tjiat $iey shouMtake plenty .of put-door exe-cise, but a moment's consideration mil telt^em jthat they should choose theirplay ground -where others will not suffer Annoyance &om; thMt sporta. l|iTh||4^iyersaiy services in ccmnecjaonjpith the Primitiy^i Methodiet Sunday School, Wallaroo mines,-were held on Sunday and Monday, August 2 and 3, Interesting sermons were preached on Sun^y^by the Revs. Mr Lloyd (Welsh minister from rtSe ^Port), T. Jarrett, and S. Wellington, to large congregations, and many persons were there unable to obtain admission.:^.;...On.: with their teachers, walked in procession over the Mines and the township, then returning, to the chapel, where the children first had tea, and afterwards a large number of the parents And friends partook of the good things provided. When the tables were cleared, a public meeting was held, the Rev. T. Jarrett, presiding, wheii appropriate and interesting addresses were delivered by the Revs. W. Wilson, Wellington, J. Price, and J. Lloyd. The proceeds of the collection .and tea meeting were about £36. The Register of the 4th inst. says that there ar© good grounds for supposing that, the telegram announcing the death of Mr John Bright, M.P., is an error, and arises from a rumoiv devoid of foundation. Mr Gr- Duncan, "of the Globe Hotel, WaHaroo, has recently imported a billiard table, by one of* the first London makers, which will be ready for play on this (Wednesday) evening, when several matches will come off. • There have been rumours- floating about in the township of Moonta during the past week that a ghost had appeared in the night time to one or. two "individuals, at one or other of the mining claims. From various unghostly proceedings which are also spoken of, it is opined that the ghost is only some weak-minded individual, practising on some other persons certainly equally weak-minded, and possibly more credulous than himself. It is said that the ghost has announced his coming on some occasions by placard, and should he do so again, it is to bo hoped the police will take care to be present^ and deal with him according to his deserts. The last report goes to this effect, that the ghost appeared with a cow's' horn on either side of the head, a mask on his face, and reproved some people for their sins after the most approved style of the ranters. • The usual anniversary services in. connectionwith the Wesleyan Methodist Chapel, at Kadina, were held on Sunday the 2nd inst. Sermons were preached in the morning and evening by the Rev. Mr Bath of Kapunda, and in the afternoon* by the Rev. J. Raston; large congregations being, present on each occasion. On the Monday following there was a tea meeting which was-very numerously attended ; after whicli "the chapel was filled by. a large and attentive audience. Eloquent and interesting addresses were delivered by the Revs. Bath, Allen, Raston, Barber, and other gentlemen ;v some selections of music being, rendered at intervals by the choir with more than ordinary taste and feeling. At the collections which were made after each service liberal contrit butions were received. If Mr Bright, M.P.. had consulted anyone's discretion rather than his own vanity, he would not have sought re-election at the hands pf hisconstituency during the present; session of Parliament. No doubt, as a rule, a little effrontery isverv useful, in landing many a man on the other • side of the leap, who would otherwise have been helplessly bogged, being hindered by a number of those petty considerations .which have a tendency to hamper progress j and so Mr Bright has often found it. Mr Strangways has given notice of a motion for this day week that is a shot at the' member for Stanley, and at him only. The following is the wording of this motion:—** That there be laid on the table of this House a return showing the amount paid to or claimed by each member of the Central Road Board since the 31st December, 1866, for expenses or allowances of e.ny kind! and a return showing the amount paid to* or to the order of, or clainied by or on behalf of any member of the Central Road Board since the 31st December, 1866, in respect of any procuration or other order given by anyperson employed by the Central Road JBoard, or engaged on any contract under the Board, with a report frointhe Secretary to the Board e^lamtory. pf each^sp." Statements, made on oath, which have elsewhere appeared in print, have proved that the member for Stanley is the self-appointed butcher to the Central Road Board. He finds the <»htraetors money, and finds their men in mutton. How free Is such a position from the slightest taint of jobbing, favoritism, or nefarionsness! But the returnjaeked for by Mr Stmpgrrays, will^tell has had the lion's sham of the amountpaidfor: expenses or allowances of any kind. ' ■' ." " '■ ' 