THE ST01QY-TELLER. . ?...: .. : . . , . 'IH LIGH1ROUS EglRL KATF ALDI~GTOV.:. , y:,'FrvE years pass quickly-almos~t like a di:..eam vhen we took back to them. ..h. e o.o1 lighthouse-reepeer had iopg ibeen ,ad:; the stlructure itself bien rie serted, .a.l jallen into ,decay:; his fir ,daughter goIe noQe kne. whither. F-qr a ttle time .after the depar.tre of her lover, .she heard frorp him regularly. !Then his letters were le~s frequent, -aqd .::less feryvet. At length ;t~hey 'ceased en .tiirely. jt was the old story of ,.man's t-riust and man's forgetfulness. . ,More than fulfilling the promise ,of his -youth, . ,erdinand Hamilton had groFn into a splendil man, so far as outward •beauty :waT , qtceined. The y9uth ,of :niheteen had bjlpssomted into the man ,of. :fousra-atd-twenty, as well in mipd as in ,body. .i?·Sithout a peer among those of his age;, he stood at the bar. Careful, religious .mothers looked coldly upon .himn on ~,ccouut of his sneers ,t all they : in sidered holy; but blooming daughters •smiled, and avaricious fathers welcomed -hii :to their homes; he was a rising man, ai;d rich. SNo.t without, .a heart-pang had he given -up;the pure girl. of the lighthouse; but S.sh? stood in the way ,of .his advancement, i.dhad to be sacrifiqed:. A~ything, any ipdy, would have shared the same fate. \- But once since the day ,f jhis partinig :from' her had he revisite.d the ell-re 'xnmembered spot. Three years sul~ee u 'luently, while pleasuring ii a .yacht, ?e had landed there. The Aode .beacon .w:as deserted: and he wandered into the 'little:girave-yard, saw there te o .ame of \- ?"iAnnie Lockwood" upon . ,rude head :stone, and was satisfied. Death had re -:moved her from his path. It nas her ".,Adestiny, -he said; and from that day she -as forgotten. tilg pon the same principle, ,r -rather ,want of principle, that had, go ,::veined his life, he married. -To secure :i'th8 inifluence of a father, he courted and ":w0on' ,a~n artless girl-one worthy of a ibetter fate than being fettered to a cold "e~qr fatalist. Death, however, soon -eleased her. For Ionce the King of Serrors was kind. "~'Scarcely tWo ye'ar8 .after his heartless :.marriage, Ferdinand HIamilton found -.himself a widower, with .a b1right-eyed, ; curly-browed boPr to call hiufa fater. -: -Few, if any, were.the tears he shed for 'theo angel God had called from her earth .wandering. His purpose .ad been ac orn?.plished. 'c.O.ver the grave of his .ife---victim -:rather-he caused the. monumental mar .,le to riae iP acultured beauty; he put :.on an itQfsable; he cozened the vorld irito the ibelief that he mourned long and eieply.; .and many a fair one waited but ",ifb asking to fill the place of her who *i·ad gone. -But there ~es.ope string pf hi9 heart ,thriin' that had never before even ,trepbed. h athe r lived in his boy t- ve;.ry .eact ,conterpart of himself. .teSame gl9riqus black eyes, the same uag ebon hair, the same noble brow aind :fomi; -that :would mature in manly seif?htif: , a.or :that ,tiny waif, flung like a pebble from the unknown ?.upon-the shores of time, he felt for The-first time the power of lovev. . ''" ~i t~he child resembled its mother 4ad- it been the image ?of any but him sif, t!his would not have been the case; .bit, as it was, his egotstiCat., self-wor §ipirig~ heart. was satisfiel, ; i'd his icy jbitue melted into tropi.cal armth. , Qne piglit, early in tie gpring-tipie, he *Was ,roursed by .the cries of the nurse who ~-Watclhel over his little one. The Childcla isdy.?, she said.; and ip an in l7Enta dtras essed, ?pd knqeling by te? sit -ifits fairy-like crib. " gfor breath, with its miadnighi eyes uptirne in agony, with ts tiny, :ie.hids,'..it g tie covering, ay the 14f suffe er. ,. "Doctor," lhoarsoly ..questio~ed the agonized father of the medical man ?wh9 ifad?.h?astily: been suminmoned,--." doctor, what is the matter ? Is there any hope ?' ." Yes,?' was the cheerful-voiced reply, though- the face failed to certify the truth ft~he; words., " Yes: I think I can save . "Thank heaven !" -?-ow* strange, even to his own ears, sqqiided. the name of heaven! How trafige, .that he, who had so long ignored o?~f Divinity, should call upon it in the ,yirof danger ! nepcnsciously the words had fallen from his lips; but heaven heard, and in its grpeat goodness pitied. The child was .saved,:, ut careful nursing and sea-bath ing was recommended to fully restore its A -rising watering-place was named, a;nd thithei ?Hamilton was advised to go. It was fashfionable-the resort of great n-en and prosperous polititians: itj suited his piirposes, and he resolved to go. O;on his arrival he found himself, much .ti his surprise, near the old lighthouse. For days he paid no attention to any .thing-:except the welfare of his child. Avoiding th, gay groups, he wandered with him 11is arms around the well remaa6i-ei e spots. 2If ine:nory, xe-awakened, brought the plast?.before him, he crushed-it down, and gave no sign, save that, when standing by, the .tomb-stone where he had once .stood before, his Tips might have been heard to .utter, " .'th something that sounded like a sigh, ?: ?oor Annie !" Sobn;however, his presence became known, and he could Avoid society no longer. SSuch a model hus'hnd; one who mourned his lostfe sQo, eeply4 one who . . ,.ooist im-t .in his ,-ttend-nc- ;u.po his child; the elegcnt, accomplished, rich Ferdinand: . Hamiltozi-could ?n?to2- be spared. Something was due ,to the. living, they said;?i dthe bllesh:iunteed 1biidown. -te16Ts ,A You will try your )1audishments i~ vaii upon Mr. Hainilton:, my pietty ate," said one dashing belle to anothei. " Iis heart is biuried ii the grave of. his ife." 'H u?sh." And the petted beauty flung back her curls, ,d whispered in a mysterious man pier: "Remember, ,?e murailles ont des greille~." "TThen you intend to make the trial?" "Certainly. Ferd. Hamilton is too great a prize ,to be allowed to slip easily through one's fingers." Aad she kissed the tips of her slender, rosy,ones as to sorme distant lover. "iDon't be too confident, Kate?'?' !'That means, I suppose, that. where .youi have failed, - it would be useless for me to aspire." And she laughed a saucy, mocldng laugh as she flirted coquettishly away,. Innocent of the plans against his - free dom--for, what~ Kate Arlington had ex pressed in ,words, many another had nursed in secret-Ferdinand. Hamiitoi entered the ,ssembly-room that night for the first time, the cynosure of all eyes.' "Mr. Ha .ilton!" " Miss. Arlington!" .' I am so glad to see you, Mr. Hamil ton.."We almpost despaired of winning you from your. be~iitiful boy." -''Had I knowvn how much lovliness 6waited my coming, I should have .hesi 4Sted iuch longer before trusting my Belf," he replied., gallantly bending to ?ards the arct coquette.. With a triImphant smile, she took his profferel arm, and walked through the large, brilliantly..ighte · rooms, replying to the flashes of ~is wit by equally tren chant repartee. "A " well-n?atcked pair, jy Jupiter!" said Guy Rogers to a comrade, as they sweptpassed. ." Yes; b9th equalybeautiful, and-" "Heartless !" But Hamnilton and Kate Arlington neither heard nor cared for the- remarks they. drew out. Each were acting- a part. During the entire evening he was by her side--waltzedlwhen she waltzed-sang when she sang; and, when tired of the rooms, they souorht the fresh air, and looked opt upon'I e sleeping sea, radiant now in it~ moonlt glory, they .were still unseparate. . Only pnce or twice ha.d they met; and, of his brElliant compajion, Hamilton knew bht.little. In fact, he was a new .comer inf?e set he viiited. l eport said sJie was C'orphan,-rich 'and .?e ward of a grim-ild lawyer with whom she re sided, and had lately returnedfron? abroad. That she was perfectly conversant with G)erman and French literature, he soon ascertained; that she was rarely beautiful, he soon perceived; but there was.some thing about her that puzzled him; some thing that almost made him shrink when she turned her blue eyes fully upon him. She reminded him of- some one he had seen in the long-ago. Even the tones of her voice appeared sweetly natu-ral to tohim; and despite himself, Hamilton forgot his acting, and became strangely interested. Day after day he lingered by her side; day after day-though he would. .h~e scouted the idea if told.of it-he found himself more and more entangled ii the net thrown by her beauty and brightness, until he could not deny, even to himself, that Kate Arlington was the one idolized obje~tof his entire life. So terribly in easiest he at length became to win her, that his child was neglected, almost for gotten; and even the gossips .acknow ledged that he was the possessor of a ieart, and was at last in love. Pla.ying with his bright- eyed boy, he one ,evening found her near where the ywves lashed the rocks around the ruins of..tbe old lighthouse. Far too wek, for kis-ewn ease .did Hamilton remembe" the ,pot. It was there he had won the love ,gfAmnie Lockwood, and plightedhis ,vows .t her--The Lighthouse Girl. And ow' he had sought Kateo for the express purpose of asking her, also, to be his w?ife. Was it destiny Jhat had caused them to meet there? His very heart quailed as the ,thought flashed through. his brain; and for a moment he was si lent. " Ah, Mr. Hamilton!" she said, flash ing her large blue eyes fully upon him, and looking up with a welcoming smiie, "I am glad you have wandere.l ithlier." "It is the part of a gallant (qgit to seek his lady-love," he replied meannigljy. Take in the child, nurse. '£he ~it "is rising from'the sea, coldly." "I would rather you had come as a minstrel," she answered, as she kissed the boy, and resigned it to the wif~ing attendant. "Why so, Miss Arlington? "To sing me the story bfthis gr.y old ruin. It has a history, I auh informed and you, I believe, sir, have been ~here before.'' - "Yes--yes: I-I----" he stainxmrered. " Have been ? That is confession enough. Of course, you, who so love the legeyds of the Fatherland, have not get this escape you. Tell it me please." "Some other time," he repliedhoa;rsely, the ghost df: a buried love rising up .e fore him-the skeleton of broken vows a;rising in his.pasth. - "But why not to-night ? See! the moon is riding behind a cloud. Hark ! the sea is moaning as if for a coming storm. It is the very night for a ghostly love-story." "There is no ghost in the matter," he replied, with aforced laugh. Some other time you shall hear the simple tale. Pray qome in with me i?o It is;grow. ineg ,very chilly. ,A.d: he raised : her: ashawl from the rocks, an wrapped it tenderly about her. . . .f anm not\ cold. Mr. Hamilton, it is unkinid in yoo.t refuse me." ' It is a simple story," he said, forced to repeat whiat his very soul shrank from. "Ai?- old man arid his daughter dwelt neair this spot." ' In the lighthouse ?" ''"Yes: During a terrible storm, a ship struck on the rock; you can see the breakers around it now.. The girl, a young Amazon I presume, put out in a boat, and saved the life of a youth. She learned to love him, and I believe there were some childish vows between them before they separated, he to go intd life suitable to his birth, and she---" ' " To be forgotten ?" "It might have been .so. It is a foolish story at best. Come, shall we'not go in, and join the dancers ?" "No; rather let us explore the. mys tery of the ruin. But tell me, as we. go -~what was her name? Did you tell me ? Tell me what became pf the p·oor, deserted girl ?" "I believe she is dead./ I think-I have heard so." i . " Died of a broken heart," "Pshaw, Miss Arlington! you arie making a very serious thing out of a very light matter." " Are broken vows, blasted hopes, a crushed heart and an early grave, matters of such trivial importance ?" "The theme is a dismal one," he re plied, evasively. "Come, let us go in." ' No; to the ruin. I would that I had known that young girl. You have forgotten to tell me her name" "For the simple reason that--hark!" Even hardened as he was, Hamilton could not lower himself by premeditated falsehood; and tirning the conversation he talked rapidly and brilliantly, as she, that wilful one,'still directed their steps towards the ruined beacon.. To tell of his love, Hamilton had sought Kate Arlington. Could he do so now? With the very roads under his feet upon which he had won the heart of Annie Lockwood; with her topnbstone gleaming ghastly white at but a little distance; with the sea thundering in his ears as in those long-past days-could he banish memory, and dull the stings of conscience? It was indeed a difficult task; but he nerved himself to its execu tion. Still she coquetted with him, still turned the conversation tothe lighthouse, and its deserted mistress, until Hamilton, out of all patience, determined to dash, lawyer-like, in medlas res into the sub ject. "' Miss Arlington," he began, "' why will you trifle with me in this manner ?" "Trifle with you? what do you mean, sir ?" "Your fine w~omanly- instinct, your gentle heart, must have told you what I would say." "You give me credit for more penetra tion than I possess, Mr. Hamilton." "'Oh!: how coldly, grandly beautiful she looked, standing there on the mossy steps ofthe old ruin, with the faint star beams nestling like silver threads in her almost golden hair lighting up her blue eyes and playing fitfully upon her flushed cheek. Beautiful exceedingly; but statesque and cold as marble. "Miss Arlington! Kate! you know that I love you-madly love you !" "Love me ?" " Yes! beyond all else of earth, almost of heaven."' It was the hour of all others the girl had longed for, and yet she neither trem bled or turned pale, as she replied: , I'm flattered by your preference, Mr. Hamilton, but this place-the sad story youjust told.me is still ringing in my ears. You are a believer in fatality, so amI. A young girl was wooed on this very spot, deserted, broken-hearten, dead! Oh, why did :you not choose another timb, and another place to tel ine of your love " . -. . :. ?". Grinding his teeth in his afiger, cursing his ill-luck, and her more thari sarcastic .lness, Hamilton had great difficulty in restraining himself. "But he-did so, and was about to plead further, when shrieks;, long, loud, andrepeated, rangu upon the air. '" Go !" commanded Kate, laying her' hand upon his arm, as if to enforce her words. "Go! Something dreadful 'ias happened to your child. I t is the voice of-the nurse. Go-Ego !" ::- . All the affection Hamiltobn had ever ]ad for his child returned tbo his heart in' an instant. Without a word of adieu, he dashed down the beach' in the direction of the hotel. From others (for the screams of, the woman had drawn down the gay guests from the house), rather than from the nurse, he had learned the terrible story; and reeling like a. drunken man, he groaned in agony of souL. Qn her way home, the woman had stopped to chat with some friends. Wrap ping up the child to protect it from the night if, she laid it in a bjoat that had beep drawn upon the sand. The tide rose while. they were rambling about; and the boat was lifted by the waves, and had drifted seaward. This was all he g.ould ascertain; but this was' enough. From a worse danger he had been saved ; biut ygo would save his child ? The fishermen were all absent, and none ,of that fashionable crowd: 'would have daredc,tohave launched a boat in that 19iling sea, even if they had thought of it. . ' ' A thousand pounds-t-ens of: thou studs-to anyone who will save my boy !.' rang, time after time, from :the lips: of H~ami?tn 5 l~nt no answer came; )e0pairing of enlistingsaid, he dashed 1\. the for1 g io find :a boat. Only the Irailet, mnoet egg-shell ones, could, be found. Rlas, ~ deserate, he would .have leaped into them, and pushed, out to cer~tain :detruction, had he .'inot? been: fo:.cibly <sdetaied. What was life tb bi.' . ?, "":"'L i.:"? ; , ' : ..? - '·· ... " . . ... . . . '" then ? His burning love had been thrown like ice upon his heart; and his boy, his darling boy was gone! : . : Suddenly some one remembered that Miss Arlington was the owner of a small pleasuire-yacht, anid that it was moored in the. little cove beyond the old light house. Well Hamilton knew the spot. Often had he anchored the boat bf Annie Lock wood there; and, swiftas a winner bound ing to the gaol, he sped over the sahiids, followed by men and women alike. In a few moments the cove .was reached; but, alas. for human hopes ! the yacht was gone ! . Far it to seaward they could dimly discern its white sail, and a great hope -sprang up in the heart of the father. Some one, more thoughtful than the rest, had secured the only means of succour. For an hour,-how long it seemed to all !--he watched the hope-freighted bark flitting hither and thither. Then it was seen to be headed directly for the. shore; and, when it came nearer, they saw that it was occupied by a woman! I In an instant more, its prow grated upon the shingle, and Kate Arlington leaped lightly to the shore, and placed the still sleeping child in its father's arms. "Great heaven !" hemurmured : "how can Irepay you ? Tellme, Miss Arling tor, and I will be your slave foi' life. " It was my destiny to save your child as I saved you," she replied, with a bitter sneer. "Saved me? And I-are you mad ?" "Ferdinand Hamilton," she answered, drawing near to him, and whispering in his ear so as not to be overheard, " is it possible that you do not yet Lknown me ? Who gave you life before ?" "Annie of the Lighthouse," he groaned in reply. "And in your child she gives it to you again! Think of your words to me this very night !" and she darted through the crowd, and hid herself from sight in her own room. (To be Con~inued.) 